


Hunters
Rising


by
David Greer



Published by David Greer at Smashwords



Copyright 2013 by David Greer
Cover Art by Sean Roberts



Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com and keep an eye out for upcoming works by this author. Thank you for your support. 



-** --*


Author's Note:
Thank you, thank you, thank you for downloading this book. Thank you to my family and friends that supported me while creating this story. And many thanks to those who provided encouragement, let me bounce ideas off them, and gave a look at the story while I was writing it to offer editing advice and ideas. Finally, a big thanks to my friend Sean Roberts for lending his creative talents in making the cover art. To the readers: please enjoy!
Prologue

The full moon shone bright in the clear night sky, illuminating a white sandy beach below. The light reflected off the ocean surface creating the effect of diamonds floating on the water. Mailee, her eyes fully adjusted to the night, admired how the water sparkled with the moon and stars above. The young girl strolled lazily taking in the view and the cool night air. She enjoyed having the beach all to herself while the rest of the island slept.
Not long ago Mailee was also asleep but she stirred awake and her eyes would not doze shut again. Some strange feeling had her attention and wouldn't let go. It was a nagging curiosity and a strange urge that spurred Mailee awake. She sat up in her bed, a soft cushion held in a hand carved wooden frame, reached her hands high up and extended her back. Relief washed over her as blood began to flow more freely throughout her body.
The strange feeling that woke Mailee urged her to the ocean. She tied her straight black hair back, tiptoed outside, and quietly made her way through the small village careful not to make a sound. She didn't want to wake her parents, or anybody else for that matter. The people of Northern Island worked hard during the day and valued a good night of undisturbed sleep. Even though it was doubtful anybody would hear the light footsteps of a young girl, she was careful nonetheless. She hunched over as she moved with the illusion that if she was harder to see she would also be more difficult to hear.
Mailee made her way to the beach to a spot she and her father frequently visited. She could hear his voice telling her how the ocean always calmed his mind when it got too cluttered and busy. Unconsciously, Mailee reached for the seashell necklace her father had made for her. It was a simple necklace. A series of small, flat shells that naturally had a hole in the middle of them were strung in order of size. Larger shells, which were barely the size of Mailee's thumb, were strung at the front of the necklace and smaller shells were strung at the back. The pendant was a single spiral seashell. The smooth curves of the shell gave the small girl a sense of comfort and warmth.
Small waves flowed onto the shore and caressed the sand as they receded. Mailee felt calm wash over her. A soft breeze and aromas of ocean spray stroked the air. The urge that brought Mailee to the ocean was satisfied but the curiosity of why was not. She untied her hair and let it flow freely in the breeze and plopped down on the sand.
Mailee hoped something amazing would happen. She was in the middle of a very nice dream when whatever it was that woke her up roused her from her slumber. The young girl had been dreaming that she was flying over the ocean. Wind blew through her hair, the ocean stirred beneath her. It was exhilarating. And then she woke up and was now sitting on the beach.
Content that she would not be falling back asleep Mailee figured a daydream would have to do. But would a daydream at night would be called a night-dream, she wondered, and if it was any different from a regular dream. Her brow furrowed at the thought, then she smiled when she realized the difference: Her eyes would be closed if it were a regular dream.
Suddenly, something shook her. It came from nowhere and everywhere at the same time. But Mailee was all alone on the beach. It was the ground shaking. It rocked the young girl back and forth and tossed her sideways. She laid on her side propped up on her elbow, tears filled the girl's eyes as fear gripped her. Mailee had only heard about rumbles but never experienced one herself. Stories of the ground shaking villages to rubble and tearing open holes in the earth so large that entire islands were swallowed up raced through her mind. Mailee feared the island would be swallowed into the ocean. A tear streaked down her cheek and she let out a helpless whimper. The earth shook violently for several moments but as suddenly as the rumble began, it ended.
Everything was calm. Everything was quiet. Everything was still.
Mailee staggered to her feet. She looked around and let out a sigh of relief to find that everything was as it should be. The trees were still planted in the ground and the island was still above the water. Then that feeling that urged her awake tickled the back of Mailee's mind. Upon the horizon, illuminated by the moonlight, something was approaching. A powerful wind blew across the sea and swept across the island. It sent the young girl staggering backward several steps until she found her footing and braced against the gale. The air grew incredibly hot. Mailee squeezed her eyes shut against the wind and the heat and held her arms up to protect her face. Then everything was calm again.
She thought it was all over. The rumble had passed and the strange hot wind passed. But the young girl held her eyes firmly shut. Then Mailee realized with horror that she had seen something approaching and wind is not something she should be able to see. Still gripping her seashell necklace, Mailee opened her eyes.
The gale came from the north and swept across everything in its path and a massive wall of water followed it. What the young girl on the beach had seen was the moonlight reflecting off of the wave's crest as it rose up higher and higher into the air. The massive wave washed over the small island wiping everything and everybody away. Nobody on the island saw it coming except for the young girl. And it was the last thing her eyes ever saw.
Across the sea to the north, beyond the point where the ocean crashed into black rocky cliffs, loomed a mountain infamous for its dull reddish color. Deep beneath the crimson mountain a beast that hadn't been seen for centuries and had been lost to myth and folklore began to stir.

-** --*

Chapter 1

The sun broke over the horizon and lit up a white-faced mountain. Several workers, already sweaty, chipped away at its rocky face. Pick-axes broke away slabs of granite to be hauled to stone-cutters. Chisels tapped away at marble, carefully extracting small pieces to be taken to craftsmen for polishing and shaping. The tapping of chisels and steady beat of pick-axes echoed off the white mountain walls but one tool was indiscreetly louder than the rest. Loud clanging crashes rang out again and again as an axe crashed against the rock and chomped away at the mountain. The axe was cutting out a large chunk of marble, which was almost ready to fall to the ground. The loud racket caught the attention of several other workers.
“Hey Grimey, isn't that chunk of marble a bit large for the stone-crafters?” a worker said, beads of sweat dripped down his brow freely as the sun warmed the morning air. Workers rose early in order to do most of the mining before the sun got too hot. Miners would load up on rocks to trade and sell to craftsmen. With marble, the smaller and rounder rocks were often the big sellers.
“Who said anything about them crafters, eh Marty?” Grimey said, his voice rough, “This one's for me.”
Grimey had been working on cutting out a piece of marble and with a final overhead swing of his axe a chunk roughly two square feet in size broke off and fell to the ground with a thud. Satisfied, Grimey holstered his axe across his back, bent his knees and hoisted the heavy rock up in his arms while being careful to keep his back straight. With a grunt he lifted the rock easily and cradled it against his chest. Marty stared wide-eyed, always impressed by the burly man's strength but also amused at how Grimey's beard brushed the top surface of the marble. Its first polish.
“Can't be up here just for the traders and crafters. I like to keep a few cuts for myself.” Grimey said. With that said, his work for the morning was over and Grimey made his way along the pathway that wound along the mountainside and eventually led down the mountain into Quarry Town.

Grimey strolled through the houses and workshops along the north side of town. Kitchens were alive as wives cooked breakfast for the early morning farmers, stone-workers, blacksmiths, and the many other men who rose at predawn to do their work. The aroma of breads, bacon, and meats filled the air.
He passed a few people along the road who marveled at how Grimey casually carried a chunk of stone through the town. It wasn't the only way he stood out either. Grimey was the only one in Quarry with a full beard, he spoke with a rough, raspy voice, and he had a scar that ran vertically over his right eye. Grimey was also one of the largest men in town. He was tall and powerfully built with a strength developed from years of hard work in the mountain.
Despite his rough exterior, most in Quarry had grown to know Grimey as a jolly person. Those that passed him greeted him kindly. And they didn't question why he was carrying a large piece of marble. The people of Quarry generally left the man to his own.
Grimey continued along the road and passed by the White Rock Tavern and Inn at the center of town. The White Rock housed travelers, professional drinkers, and the like. It appeared lifeless this early in the morning but it would surely come to life near sunset.
After passing the tavern Grimey followed a path that led to the southeast region of town. A modest house with an equally modest barn marked McGrady's farm. Livestock grazed within their fences and crops were just starting to sprout out from the ground. McGrady produced enough to feed himself and his wife, Marian, throughout the year and have a little left over to take to market for a small profit. Grimey let a small smile wrinkle his beard as he passed the farm. He respected McGrady's self-reliance. A little ways past the small farm stood a modest cabin attached to a small workshop. Grimey's home.
Large chunks of granite and marble, not unlike the piece of rock Grimey was carrying, outlined a path from the dirt road to the front door. Each rock was broken from the white mountain and shaped by Grimey's own hands to decorate the outside of his home. It also gave him an excuse to take rock home for his own hobby, which very few knew of. The marble he carried this day would not grace the front of his cabin but would go straight to the workshop to be chiseled and carved.
Waiting for him at the doorstep was a basket filled with fruits, vegetables and a few cuts of meat. Grimey's smile grew a little more. He also appreciated the gifts his neighbor would leave from time to time. Since his hands were full, he propped opened the front door with his hip and used his feet to kick and slide the basket inside.  Some fruits and vegetables fell out and spilled onto the floor. No matter though, a little dirt and dust just adds flavor, Grimey reasoned. He left the basket and the scattered mess on the floor and headed to his workshop at the back of the cabin.
Grimey's home was simple. He entered into a small common area with a quaint kitchen area to the left. A small pile of firewood was stacked on the floor to provide a flame for the stove. The common area extended to the right. There was a round wooden table with two chairs, one of which hadn't been moved in so long that dust had formed an outline on the floor. Along the far wall was a fireplace with another pile of firewood stacked on the floor. There wasn't much furniture in the room. Grimey had stuffed an oversized burlap sack with cotton, grass, leaves, and other soft material to form a makeshift sofa which was placed in the center of the room near the fireplace.
A hallway extended to the back of the house. A door to the right led to Grimey's bedroom, fully equipped with a bed and window. Wooden floorboards creaked beneath Grimey's feet as he made his way down the hallway, passed his bedroom, to another door at the end of the hall. This door led to the Grimey's workshop.
The workshop was an open space with a fireplace in the near right corner. A forge and anvil was set up near the left wall which was lined with a variety of different axes, most of which had dulled blades from chopping into rock face of the white mountain. Below the axes were a row of hatchets with sharpened pristine blades. At the center of the wall hung a large axe with a heavy, finely sharpened blade, and a sturdy wooden handle tipped with a metal pommel. Grimey's great-axe. Against the opposite wall was a workbench lined with chisels, hammers, rags, and different types of paper of varying textures all used for shaping, smoothing, and polishing rocks. The wall that connected to the main cabin was lined with shelves displaying several stone-works. At the center of the shelf was a stone mug carved from a single square-foot chunk of marble. It sat atop a pile of stone ice cubes carved from the same piece of marble. Nothing was quite as refreshing as a chilled mug of ale. The back wall of the workshop wasn't actually a wall. It was a large double-door that opened to the back of the cabin where Grimey could head into the nearby woods or walk over to McGrady's.
Grimey set his new chunk of marble on the workbench. He'd tend to it later. He pushed open the double-doors at the back to let in the fresh morning air and he took a look outside. The woods, a few hundred meters away, swayed in the breeze but there was something odd that caught Grimey's eye. A movement of some sort in the trees. Grimey had thought he saw a streak of something purple in the trees. Or were his eyes playing tricks? No matter. It concerned him little. If anything happened, he'd deal with it then. Now was the time for breakfast. And it was waiting for him on the floor.
Little did he know, however, that something in the trees had been watching him since he got home. It waited for an opportunity to get at the man with the basket of food and now was its chance. The creature had almost closed its own window of opportunity by being spotted but the man didn't seem to notice and had gone back inside leaving the double-doors wide open. Saliva dripped from its fangs, its yellow eyes focused on the doorway, and the creature spread its wings to take flight.

-** --*

Chapter 2

It edged out on the branch of a tree with its wings spread ready to take flight. Its talons dug into the branch, its legs flexed and it dove into the air. The creature glided effortlessly toward the wide open double-doors. Its yellow eyes narrowed and focused on the doorway. The man had brought in a basket of food and the creature was hungry. It hoped to taste some sweet fruits and hopefully some fresh meat. These people sometimes had cuts of meat perfect for the taking. But if not it could just as easily take a bite out of the man or tear off some of his flesh with its talons to take back to the woods. It bared its saliva-drenched fangs at the thought of the meal. The creature sped into the doorway.
It was promptly met with a fist to its face. The creature crashed hard onto the floor and didn't move.
“Damn banshees.” Grimey muttered. He took a bite out of an apple and shook out his hand. The cracking sound and the twisted position the banshee laid in assured Grimey it was dead. He grimaced at the sight of a banshee on his floor, took a step and punted the corpse out of his workshop. Then he strolled back into the kitchen to finish preparing his breakfast.
Later that morning there was a knock at Grimey's door. It was McGrady, his neighbor and long time friend. One of the only people Grimey could call a friend. McGrady lived with his wife Marian just across the way from Grimey's cabin. The two ran a small farm, which provided just enough for them to get by.
The farmer had on a faded yellow tunic blotched with dirt stains. His pants were brown but it was difficult to tell if that was the color of the fabric or if dirt had recolored them. McGrady's face was wrinkled, his hands heavily calloused, but his eyes were soft and friendly, which matched well with his salt and pepper hair. He had been spotting banshees at the edge of the woods all morning and had come to warn Grimey.
“I've seen those purple wretches in the trees.” McGrady said, “They'll start stealing my crops and bothering my animals soon. Think you can take a stroll in the Woodlawn and take care of them?” McGrady asked. Grimey told him about how a banshee flew into his workshop earlier. The farmer wasn't surprised. Banshees were a nuisance. But he was relieved that Grimey agreed to do something. After all, Grimey was a hunter.
There are a few things every town and village must have. A farmer to grow food. A blacksmith to make tools. An inn for travelers. And hunters to protect against invading monsters. Every town has monsters living nearby that never go away. It's the hunter's job to keep them from harming people. Towns usually had several hunters. In McGrady's opinion, Grimey was the best hunter in Quarry. It also helped that they were neighbors and Grimey was very accessible to the farmer.
Banshees usually kept to the woods. They entered Quarry to snatch up crops from the farms and quickly retreated back into Woodlawn. It's something the farmers have learned to deal with. But occasionally the banshees attack frequently and in greater numbers. That's when hunters are needed. If the banshees are left alone they'll grow braver and begin attacking people. Hunters kept the number of banshees under control so they only are a nuisance and not a danger.
McGrady's request was no surprise to Grimey. The banshee numbers were low and having only one fly out of the woods was nothing to be alarmed about but McGrady's farm is small. He kept a careful watch on his crops and livestock. The slightest hint of trouble sent the farmer knocking on Grimey's door. The bearded hunter didn't mind the extra work though. McGrady had been a reliable neighbor, a good friend, and the fact that Grimey despises monsters makes the extra work a pleasure. He was more than happy to venture into the woods before the day ended.
When the sun  began to fall low in the sky Grimey geared up. He strapped on a leather bandoleer he had made himself and loaded it full of small hatchets. The hatchets were Grimey's choice distance weapon and they fitted into custom loops that had an added leather backing to holster the sharp blades. Each hatchet was carefully hand crafted and shaped by the hunter. They were weighted more heavily at the blade-end but balanced to give a steady and straight flight through the air. They were as accurate as any throwing knife. At the backside of his bandoleer were customized loops to holster Grimey's great-axe. The polished blade gleamed in the sunlight and would easily slice through any banshee that came within range. A belt strapped around Grimey's waist latched onto the bandoleer and held a few more throwing hatchets along his waist. More weapons the better was the way he figured things.
Ready to hunt, Grimey left his workshop and headed toward the treeline. He examined the sun's placement in the sky and figured he had about three hours of daylight left. Plenty of time to hunt some banshees and get a feel of how many were hiding in the woods.
The bearded hunter ventured out beyond the perpetually green treeline of pines. The trees were spaced evenly and allowed for plenty of room to move, although the hunter knew that deeper in the more clustered and narrow things would get. Grimey stayed near the treeline at first, searching the area for any banshees that may have been preparing to attack.
No sign of banshees near the treeline. The beasts McGrady saw must have moved on. Time to go deeper into the woods.
Oak trees mixed with pines and ironwoods deeper in the woods. The green canopy gave way to patches of orange, yellow, and brown as the leaves had turned color with the changing season. Already many dried up brown leaves littered the ground, covering the once soft dirt. It would make being stealthy a bit tricky.
Grimey pulled out a hatchet and held it ready in his hand. If a banshee showed up he'd be ready to throw or swipe. It wasn't long until he spotted something purple in the trees. Perched on a branch, its sickly dark-purple skin gleamed in what little sunlight broke through the treetops. Looks like a bat, Grimey thought, just bigger and purple. It had teeth, fangs, and jaws strong enough to tear through a persons flesh. So were its talons.
The banshee picked at something at its feet. Some sort of rodent it had caught. It served the hunter well because the banshee didn't notice Grimey slowly creeping up on it. Then Grimey misjudged a step and snapped some twigs. The banshees ears pricked up and its yellow eyes honed in on the spot the sound came from. But it never saw what made it. Before the banshee could focus, a hatchet slammed into its face and the creature fell to the ground. Grimey, still careful to keep his footsteps quiet, retrieved his weapon.
He moved stealthily through the woods with footsteps much lighter than one would expect from a man of his size and burly appearance. But Grimey had been hunting for a long time and had learned how to move quietly regardless of the terrain. The ground could be hard packed dirt, soft soil, mud, or fallen leaves. Grimey could navigate through them all without making a sound as long as he kept focused and didn't misjudge a step like he had just done.
Grimey moved through the woods in sweeping arcs. He traveled north a ways then angled south and slightly east. This ensured that he covered most of the area along Quarry's eastern side, and particularly near McGrady's farm. When he spotted a banshee he would let a hatchet fly and retrieve the weapon. Grimey always retrieved his hatchets whenever possible. The weapons were perfectly reusable plus if he lost too many he would have to make more. A labor that he didn't mind but  preferred to avoid.
The banshees were mostly scattered but as Grimey moved further east he noticed they appeared more frequently. This made the hunter suspicious. Then he spotted two banshees in the same tree, which was odd given that banshees were mostly solitary creatures. The only time banshees travel in groups is when they raid the town. They would fly into Quarry at once and take what they could from farms or attack an animal. Their numbers confuse and scare the townsfolk making it easier for the creatures to get what they want and get away. Plus the greater numbers gave the hunters more to deal with. But these banshees were nowhere near the town. Interested, Grimey crept to a spot behind a tree surrounded by shrubs and watched them.
Banshees don't talk to one another. In fact, they don't talk at all. They shriek. But these two seemed to have an understanding of each other. They faced the same western direction, which was slightly toward Grimey, but one was looking to the north while the other looked to the south. It was like they were sentries keeping watch. But what were they watching out for? Or more importantly, thought Grimey, what were they protecting?
The hunter decided not to kill these two banshees thinking it would be better to maintain stealth and sneak by the sentries and investigate what they were guarding. Then he changed his mind. There were two banshees, he had two hatchets, and he had two arms. Both banshees fell to the ground lifeless when hatchets simultaneously slammed into their chests. Grimey collected his weapons and moved on. Now he could investigate satisfied that he dispatched of every banshee along the way.
What he found, just a little deeper in the woods, filled him with concern. And to make things worse, daylight was slipping away. Grimey knew he had to get out of the woods before sundown and get back to Quarry to rally the other hunters. They had work to do.

-** --*

Chapter 3

The sun had long ago set, the labors for the day had been completed, and many sought to unwind at the White Rock Tavern located at the center of town. Ale flowed freely, laughs came easily, and a local folk band was readying their pipes and fiddles for the night's performance. Clyde, with a mug full of ale, took a long drink ending with a satisfied ahhh. His brown hair matched the color of his drink and nearly fell into it. He swept his hair, which he had been letting grow out, back behind his shoulder and took another drink. A dagger, sheathed in an unadorned brown leather scabbard, hung from his belt as it was custom for hunters to be armed at all times. Carrying a weapon was the mark of a  hunter. It identified his profession but more importantly hunters remained armed because a monster could attack at any given moment.
Clyde often laughed easily and often while making light conversation with the people in the tavern. However, tonight he chose to sit alone at a table near the bar and listen to the conversations around him. Some joked about their wives' cooking, others joked about the size of the bellies criticizing their wives' cooking. But mostly people commented on Rocky and came up with creative ways to spite Quarry's wealthiest citizen. Rocky ran the largest farm in town located at the south-east region of Quarry. He came from a long line of farmers who, long ago, turned their crops from a means of support and survival to a business and trade, which led to large profits. This was only possible because the family was fortunate enough to settle on a very fertile patch of land. They didn't hesitate to ensure that the land stayed within the family's control. Private trading routes were built and maintained throughout the generations and it was Rocky's turn to run the business.
The way the folk of Quarry saw it, Rocky's family was simply lucky to have settled in the right spot and selfish for keeping it for themselves. It was family tradition to not employ anybody from Quarry. All of the farm's workers came from other towns to do hard labor and security on the farm. Rocky was able to enjoy the spoils of their labor without lifting a finger and without sharing it with the rest of the town. It stirred the emotions of Quarry folk, who believed in the traditional work ethic that folk should earn what they work for themselves. Not many people liked Rocky.
Clyde listened in on a table scheming about raiding Rocky's farm at night so that it'll look like banshees got to it. Clyde knew the men would never follow through. Rocky's hired security guards would keep watch on his farm at all times. The farmer claimed it was security against banshees but many believed it was security against envious townspeople, a belief that Clyde felt was justified.
As Clyde continued to muse about the relations between local farmers and Rocky the tavern doors burst open and a large man entered. His boots fell heavy on the floor as he made his way to the bar and called for a mug of ale. Clyde sat up straighter, recognizing the newcomer.
“There's the Scot!” Clyde yelled.
“Why must you insist on using my real name.” The man said as he wiped dribbles of ale from his beard. “You're the only one who does.”
“Do you feel I should use that dreaded nickname? It's just a reminder of how dirty you are.” Clyde said.
“Hey I like it.” The man took another drink, emptied his mug and turned to face Clyde. “And do we really have to have this conversation every time we have a drink?”
“What can I say Grimey? I just think a man should be properly addressed by his true name.”
“Oh save it Clyde. I'm not telling you my full name. You got the last half of it. Be happy with that much. And as far as I'm concerned my true name is Grimey.”
Grimey set his empty mug onto the bar and was quickly supplied with a full one. He took a seat with his fellow hunter.
“We have a hunt.” Grimey said. He went on to explain what he saw in the eastern woods, but not before he told Clyde how he killed a banshee with a punch to the face. Clyde smiled at the image of the bearded hunter clocking a low-flying banshee. Not just anybody can kill a banshee with a single punch. Not just anybody would try to either.
Grimey described how he eliminated the banshees scattered in the woods. Then he told Clyde about the sentries, which perplexed both hunters. Banshees are not known to post guards. Usually they're not so organized, although both hunters know what it means when the flying nuisances do get organized. Clyde's eyes narrowed with suspicion.
“There's another kingpin.” Grimey announced, confirming Clyde's suspicion. The bearded hunter took another long drink from his mug and told his story.
After killing the sentries Grimey continued cautiously through the woods. No banshees were in the area. He moved through the dense woods until he reached a small clearing with a single large tree at the center. However, the tree was covered in purple, leathery beasts with yellow eyes. The banshees had clustered to form a cocoon over the tree. Grimey, keeping low and hidden from view, spotted an anomaly among the beasts: a single pair of large menacing green eyes.
Grimey instantly knew a kingpin, a larger and cunning version of a banshee, had spawned. The banshees had formed a protective cocoon around their leader. A kingpin is capable of organizing and coordinating banshees to launch effective strategies to attack Quarry. If a kingpin were to go unchecked the banshees would wreck havoc on the town. With the sun setting and darkness creeping into the woods, Grimey stealthily backtracked away from the kingpin and back to Quarry.
Even with a new kingpin, Grimey and Clyde found it odd that there were banshees serving as lookouts. While it's true that banshees become more organized when a kingpin comes along, they're not that organized. Not ever.
No matter though, the issue would be dealt with in the morning. This was a time to relax and have a drink. Or several as Grimey emptied another mug. The tavern doors swung open and two men dressed in black entered. The one on the left was large, a bit larger than Grimey, and muscular. He had short black hair, a stern face which held no hint of humor, and a short sword hung from his waist belt. The one on the right was shorter than his companion though he was not a short man. He was slim with an athletic build. His straight black hair was tied back in a tail which hung down between his shoulders. This one wore an easy smile that matched well with his childlike face. A dagger in a black sheath with silver patterns resembling winding vines was strapped to his belt.
Both men had dark skin, dark eyes, and clean shaven faces but the most striking feature about them were the black markings on their skin. The large man's shirt had no sleeves revealing large, well defined muscles along with markings that resembled thorns wrapped around each bicep with a single thorny pattern leading up to his shoulders and then disappearing underneath his shirt. The shorter man had one marking winding up the side of his neck like a vine. It curved along his jaw and ended at a point just below his right eye. Another black mark crept out of his sleeve along his left forearm. It ran along the inside of his elbow and curved around his forearm until it ended in a point at the base of  his thumb joint. The curvature reminded Grimey of a knife blade.
The bearded hunter eyed the markings suspiciously. He figured there was more to them than what could be seen. What were these marks for anyway, he wondered to himself. They looked like fake scars. Why would anybody want a fake scar when real ones, like the one across his own right eye, carry their own story? Real scars have a history.
The larger of the two men got a mug of ale from the bar and went straight to an empty table in the back corner of the tavern. The other man stood at the bar savoring his drink, a refreshing glass of ginger ale. Grimey stood and approached him.
“Hey Leo! Good to see you again lad!” Grimey's voice boomed. “Where are you and your traveling buddy off to now?”
Leo passed through Quarry from time to time. Nobody really knew what business he and his companion were on. Nobody really bothered to ask either. Some guessed they were traveling traders but they never traded goods in Quarry. Others guessed they were mercenaries for hire on account of the weapons they carried, while others ventured the two were simply wandering nomads. All anybody knew for sure about them is that they came from an island off the western coast known as Southern Isle, and the two always traveled together. The muscular one kept to himself while Leo would talk and get acquainted with those at the tavern.
“Hello Grimey. We're heading to Thurn.” Leo said. His voice was calm and smooth as though very little could bother him. His eyes carried certain playfulness in them whenever he spoke of his travels. His features were soft which gave him a very youthful look. At times, Leo looked as though he could be a teenager. But he couldn't be a teenager because young people don't handle themselves so well in taverns. At least that's what Grimey figured.
Leo and his companion – Grimey, along with everyone else in Quarry, had never learned his name – were just passing through like always. They arrived in Quarry after sailing in a canoe from Southern Isle to the coast, then they hiked through woods and through the Ursa mountain pass. Once through the mountains, which rose along the western coast of Arlynd, they were free to travel across the continent and Quarry was the first sizable town they came across. Thurn was north-east of Quarry and it would take several days to reach. Thurn was home to the archives, which held collections of historical documents and artworks, and was usually a scholar's destination.
“What takes the two of you there? Didn't pick you as the academic type.” Grimey said.
“What type do you pick us for?” Leo asked with an eyebrow raised. Grimey shrugged. “Our quest is to discover a mystery of the seas. Things are not well in the oceans and I hope to find some answers in the archives.”
“What's not well on your island?” Grimey asked.
“Southern is fine. It's Northern that isn't well.”
“What's wrong with Northern?”
“The villages are all destroyed. The boats have all been sunk. And the people are all dead.”

-** --*

Chapter 4

“The entire island! Wiped out? How can that happen?” Grimey's amazement left him wide-eyed. He'd heard of strange phenomenon causing a few deaths, like exploding mountains and swirling winds that can hurl houses great distances. But he had never heard of anything that could wipe out an entire population. An entire culture, even. Grimey simply couldn't fathom it.
“That's what we wish to find out.” Leo said. “I think it may have something to do with the rumble a few nights back. Did you feel it here?”
“Aye. I noticed the ground shaking a bit. Barely enough to tip my balance.”
“Well it was more than a shake on Southern and certainly disastrous for Northern.” A few nights back the ground rumbled on Southern Isle. Leo was having a restless night and left his hut to take a stroll on the beach. It was a full moon that night and the light set the white-sand beach aglow. The sea was steady and peaceful, the night air was cool and crisp. Leo took a deep breath and absorbed the environment. He appreciated life on Southern and knew he was fortunate to call the island home.
The skies above Southern were clear that night. Leo took a moment to gaze upward and take in the glittering sky. He sought out the stars that when looked at in a certain way morphed from dots of light to a complete image. There was the curve of a lion's mane off to the left. To the right was the sturdy fishhook said to have been used to pluck this very island from the depths of the ocean. Every constellation had its own myth attached to it and Leo often recounted them to himself. He turned north in search of Orion, the legendary hunter and his favorite constellation, but couldn't find it. Instead he saw that the northern horizon had grown cloudy, veiling the great hunter's shape.
He looked to the east. Invisible at night but he knew the Arlynd coast was there. He imagined the land's outline on the horizon as it would appear during a clear day with the Ursa mountain range looming in the distance. Then he felt an odd sensation tug at the back of his mind. It drew his gaze north again. Leo stepped closer to the water's edge and narrowed his eyes to focus on the horizon. It was dark and hazy across the distant ocean. He focused more intently. The distant horizon didn't seem as distant through his eyes anymore. He could make out minute details on the distant waters. A wave rippled across the open ocean and fizzled out. A sea creature breached the surface then disappeared underwater. Leo strained to focus his eyes even more and thought he could just glimpse the outline of Northern Island's central mountain. In the distance a flash of lightning split the sky. He sensed a change in the air. Everything felt still. And that's when the ground began to shake.
Leo's focus broke and he lost his balance. No longer could he make out distant features across the horizon. He could no longer keep his balance on two feet either. Rumbles have been known to happen. Stories of a shaking earth that could tip over buildings and move boulders were common bedtime stories many grew up with. Some of the stories were so fanciful that they told of giant cracks in the ground opening up and swallowing entire towns or, in the version Leo grew up with, swallowing entire islands.
This was the second rumble Leo had ever experienced. The first happened when he was just a child. It was nothing more than a slight shake that lasted mere moments. He had no problem staying on his feet then, even as a child. The one he felt on this moonlit night was far different. It sent him sprawling on his backside unable to stand back up and the ground rumbled for what seemed like several minutes.
When the rumbling had ceased, all was quiet. Too quiet, Leo remembered. It was as though the earth had exhaled all its breath and paused. He stood just before another force hit him and knocked him down to his knees. A powerful gust of wind tore through the air. It lasted for just a moment but it was powerful. Leo stood again, perplexed with a frown. He never heard of a rumble being followed by wind, not even in the exaggerated bedtime stories. And he never experienced a wind like that one especially at night near the ocean. The gust was hot. So much so that Leo began to sweat in the short moment it blew by. The cool ocean breeze returned and grazed the sweat on Leo's skin, which sent a chill through his body.
“A hot wind huh?” Grimey said. He, along with everyone else in the tavern, had been captivated by Leo's account of the rumble but hearing about a hot gale-force wind seemed like a stretch to the bearded drinker. Leo had always been a gifted talker and story-teller.
“Yes. It would have seared my skin if it lasted long.” Leo said. His eyes were lost for a moment as he remembered the experience. They widened slightly and Leo's breath became short. Perhaps he wasn't embellishing so much, Grimey thought. “A few days later we sailed for Northern. Not a soul was there. All the villages had been destroyed. The ground felt soggy like the whole island had been soaked.”
Grimey handed Leo a chilled mug of ale. He figured the islander could use a stronger drink. Leo reluctantly took the mug in place of his ginger ale.
“Perhaps they left, sailed away before whatever happened...uhh, happened.” Grimey offered.
“We found bodies.” Leo said. “Drowned. They're all dead. The entire island was wiped out and we have no idea what happened.” Leo slumped forward.
“Well then let us remember them well!” Grimey raised his glass and took a drink. “I've never met a Northerner before, but if any were a friend of yours then they must be good people. And who better to figure out what happened than an islander that's familiar with the land and the sea. Take a drink lad. You're in good company here.” Grimey downed the rest of his mug. Leo took a sip and winced at the bitter taste.
The mood eventually lightened with all the flowing ale. Even Leo managed to finish his mug and it wasn't long after he was laughing and sharing stories of sights he'd seen in his travels. He told of sea monsters, which always captured the attention of the small mountain-town folk. He told of giant eels that grew to be thirty feet long and could bite through a man with ease. Then there were krakes. Sea creatures whose upper body resembled a man's but their lower body was like that of an octopus. Krakes were so large that they could literally pummel a small boat to pieces.
As time went by Grimey settled down at a small table by himself. He watched Leo tell his tales to a captivated crowd. He saw Clyde relaxing by himself nursing a drink and twirling his dagger around his fingers. Even after a few drinks he handled the blade expertly. Then Grimey noticed in the back corner of the tavern sat Leo's companion still alone. Empty mugs crowded his table and the large man held one that was halfway full. Grimey studied the man. He was obviously very strong, and always kept to himself. Every single time the two passed through Quarry, the large one would sit alone in a corner and drink by himself.
Grimey wondered if the man was silent by nature or burdened by his thoughts. The short sword the man carried made Grimey wonder. Only a hunter or a mercenary would display a weapon openly but Grimey had never heard Leo tell any hunting stories. Hunters were notorious for sharing their adventures with anybody that would listen. Grimey knew the two islanders were travelers but what they did on their travels, Grimey had no idea.
He wouldn't be shocked if the islanders were hunters. The large man certainly had the strength for it and there was something about Leo that hinted at it. First was the ornate dagger at his belt. Then there was the fact that he had traveled as much as he had without getting nabbed by a monster. That told Grimey he could handle himself in the wild. There was also the way Leo moved. He was smooth and light on his feet. When he walked around the tavern he maneuvered through the crowd and tables with ease. He was swift with good balance. While Leo had never acknowledge himself or his companion as hunters they at least had the skill, Grimey concluded. Of course, skill doesn't always correlate to profession.
The hours had passed by in the tavern and it was late at night. Leo left his bar stool and walked to his large companion, who had sat alone all night. They exchanged a few silent words, stood, and both left the tavern.
“Safe journey my friend.” Grimey whispered to himself as he raised his glass. Even though he knew little about him, Grimey considered Leo as a friend for that very reason. He knew what it was like to keep to himself too. Then a thought struck and Grimey couldn't help but chuckle to himself at how ironic it was that island folk were traveling inland to search for answers about the seas.
“Well that was certainly a quick visit.” Clyde said as he took a seat next to Grimey. He continued to twirl his dagger. “You figure out what their business is?”
“They're heading to Thurn. Looking for records about crazy happenings in the seas.” Grimey answered.
“That's not what I meant.”
“I don't know. Traders.” Grimey guessed between gulps of ale.
“Have you ever seen a trader armed like them?”
“Hunters then.”
“Come now, Leo has never shared a single hunting story and what's-his-name never opens his mouth.” Clyde said. It was a point made every time the two passed through town. Clyde leaned closer to Grimey, “Maybe they're mercenaries. Those markings on their skin, dressed in black. Come on. It's a little shady.”
“Or maybe they travel enough to know the roads can get dangerous.” Grimey said. Clyde still looked skeptical. Grimey, despite his amiable feeling toward Leo, couldn't help but feel a little suspicious toward the larger of the two. It was tough not to. He had never spoken a single word. Ever. And his name was a mystery. He was one to keep an eye on. But Grimey would keep those feelings to himself. “Look, all I know is they never caused any problems while passing through. That's good enough for me.”
“Yeah, right. Well either way it looks like we're not the only ones with problems to attend to.” Clyde had another point. There was a kingpin dwelling in the nearby woods that needed to be dealt with. The two hunters determined that they would take care of it tomorrow and have Scully, the newest hunter in Quarry, join them.
Grimey finished his mug of ale and headed home. It was an easy stroll to his cabin with the full moon illuminating his path. Things were quiet inside the cabin, save for the hunter's thudding footsteps which echoed off the walls. There was no need to light a candle as the moonlight shone through the windows, casting everything in a dull blue shadow.
A deep sigh escaped when Grimey laid down on his bed. He listened to the silence around him, only broken by the rise and fall of his own breath. The cabin was utterly empty. He let loose another sigh and closed his eyes.
The dream felt familiar. Grimey strolled along the path which led from his cabin into the heart of Quarry town. It was still night, the full moon still shining high above, the stars puncturing the black canvas of night. Ahead of him was White Rock Tavern. Orange firelight glowed through the windows as figures within bustled back and forth. Voices, cheers, and laughter could be heard. No doubt the ale was flowing and folk celebrated the trials of their day. But Grimey did not venture forth into the tavern. 
Behind the tavern in the distance rose the white mountain, its shape framed by the night sky. Except it wasn't the same mountain he knew to be Quarry. This mountain was much larger and rose much higher. Its white rock face glowed a pale blue in the moonlight. Grimey craned his neck to see the summit. There was something up there. A faint flicker of torchlight like a sparkling jewel.
Grimey felt an urge to reach that jewel, to climb that mountain. He turned away from the bustling tavern and ventured onto a winding path which led into the black night and to the base of the mountain.
When Grimey opened his eyes he was back in his cabin. He gazed at the hatchet he had left on the nightstand, its blade gleamed in the moonlight that shone through the window. That blade, crafted from his own hands, would slice through a banshee with ease and be just as effective on a kingpin. He would sharpen it some more in the morning. The hunter took an easy breath, rolled over, and went back to sleep wondering what was at the top of that mountain.

-** --*

Chapter 5

It was quiet outside of McGrady's farm. Too quiet for Scully's liking. The young hunter stood just beyond the wooden rail fence which enclosed McGrady's farm. Within the fence was a small pasture where the few livestock McGrady owned would graze. Separated from that was another small field where crops grew. At the moment McGrady's livestock was closed up in the barn, which was a faded red where the paint hadn't chipped off. Beyond the barn was McGrady's house, a modest dwelling not much larger than Grimey's. The wind vane on top of the barn was completely still.
Scully stood firm holding his bow, a rudimentary recurve bow, with an arrow between his fingers nocked on the bowstring. His gaze was fixed on the treeline, which was also completely still. No breeze, no movement, no sign of anything purple. There weren't any birds around to relieve the silence with their chirping.
For the third time that minute Scully flicked his head to clear his dirty-blonde hair away from his face. It's not like the young hunter's shaggy hair was long enough to get in his eyes, he was just on edge. This was his first time being part of a kingpin hunt and he got the least exciting role: watchman. But regardless, he was fully armed with his bow, a full quiver of arrows slung across his back, and a pair of daggers at his belt.  The young hunter stood tense as he held his bow with a white-knuckle grip.
Scully had been out in the woods a handful of times with Clyde, Smythe, and Grimey watching and learning how they hunt. Scully was learning to creep silently, develop a keen eye to pick up colors and movements that were out of the ordinary, and, of course, how to use his weapons effectively. Scully, like Clyde, preferred a bow and a pair of daggers. It allowed him to pick off beasts from a distance but also be prepared if anything got close. He also wanted to learn to be proficient in the broadsword like Smythe. However, what Scully wanted more than proficiency with weapons was the courage and tenacity of Grimey. He had witnessed Grimey charge into packs of beasts and leave a trail of carcasses in his wake. Scully was always awed at Grimey's ability to overcome a monster, or several, through sheer power of will.
The day Scully could hunt like his mentors was far away, he knew, and today he was to guard the treeline. He remembered what Grimey had told him earlier.
“Keep an eye on the treeline. You see anything purple, shoot it.”
“How exactly do you hunt a kingpin?” Scully asked.
“It's simple really.” Grimey said. “You run in, kill it, and walk out.” And with those wise words Grimey headed into the woods.
“Were you expecting something profound?” Clyde asked. “Just make sure no banshees get into town. And make sure none of them follow us out when we come back.”
That had been over an hour ago. Scully had kept the same arrow at the ready and paced along the edge of McGrady's farm keeping a watchful eye on the treeline. He hadn't seen a spot of purple all morning.

Clyde leaned out from behind the cover of a tree, an arrow nocked and drawn back. He sighted down the length of the arrow picking out his target. No adjustments were needed for wind as the air was still. He tilted the bow slightly upward to compensate for distance, brought the bowstring to a full draw, felt his fingers barely touch his cheek and released. The arrow flew through the air and connected with its target. A banshee dropped from a tree and fell only a few feet away from Grimey, who was creeping silently through the woods. The bearded hunter turned and shook his head at Clyde. This was the third time a dead banshee fell close to him. It was as though Clyde was trying to drop dead banshees on top of him. Clyde smiled to himself because that's exactly what he had been doing.
Clyde used a recurve bow made from hickory. It was an agile weapon. Small so he could easily move through the woods but powerful and accurate enough to drop a banshee at distance. Clyde wielded the weapon with ease and nocked another arrow hoping for another banshee to drop on top of Grimey.
However, the time for playing was over. Grimey spotted what he dubbed the kingpin's road. Banshees are drawn to their kingpin. Not only do they form a protective cocoon around their leader, like the one Grimey saw the previous day, the rest of the banshees will crowd the surrounding trees. Essentially they form a path of purple that leads straight to the kingpin. Grimey learned this long ago and had just spotted a dense cluster of banshees.
Grimey ducked behind a tree and scanned the woods. A ways away he spotted Clyde. The bearded hunter waved and signaled in the direction of the kingpin's road. Clyde nodded his understanding and began moving ahead into position. Grimey waited a moment and took the opportunity to visualize his attack. He imagined maneuvering through the woods swiftly and reaching the clearing where the kingpin had taken up residence in a large oak tree and sending a blade straight into its ugly face. Grimey opened his eyes and stepped out from behind the tree. It was time to run.
With a hatchet in each hand Grimey bolted into the banshees. Following purple tree after purple tree, the hunter ran deeper into the woods. He held a fast pace because every banshee that spotted him took to the air and gave chase. His pace was fast enough to keep most of the banshees behind him but occasionally one of the flying beasts would get near enough to bite or swipe a claw. This is where Clyde came in. He sent arrows into the swarm of banshees to scatter them and scare them away from chasing Grimey.
With all stealth abandoned, the bearded hunter followed the trail of purple without missing a step. He heard the swarm of banshees behind him shrieking and flapping their wings. From somewhere off to the right he heard the thwack of a bowstring followed by the thud of a dead banshee crashing to the ground behind him. Grimey didn't hear as many wings flapping. Timid things banshees are, he thought. 
Grimey rounded a tree and saw a banshee flying directly at him with its claws outstretched ready to strike. He let a hatchet fly and ducked. The banshee hit the ground with the hatchet buried in its chest. Grimey drew another hatchet and kept going. It was best to have two hatchets ready at all times during the run. He heard shrieks and wings flapping all around him and the trees ahead looked more purple than green. He was close to the kingpin. What Grimey didn't hear anymore was the sound of Clyde's bow. Grimey was on his own now.
He rounded around another tree and reached the clearing he saw the previous day. There was a single tree at the center covered with banshees. The protective cocoon with the kingpin at its center. Grimey had hunted kingpins before and knew that as soon as it was dead the other banshees would scatter in fear. The trick was breaking through the layer of bodyguards surrounding the kingpin. This was the main reason why Grimey kept two hatchets drawn. The hunter sprinted straight at the kingpin's tree and hurled a hatchet at it. The blade ripped into the cluster of purple killing several banshees but more importantly, it sent several more scattering away. Grimey caught a glimpse of the kingpin's green eyes, which were fixed on the hunter. The large purple beast clung to the tree's trunk with its large claws dug deep into the bark. The kingpin was several times larger than a normal banshee, even larger than Grimey himself. It was easily the largest kingpin Grimey had ever seen. But size didn't matter to the hunter. The blade of his hatchet would slice through it all the same.
Sensing danger, the kingpin spread its wings and prepared to take flight. It gave Grimey a great target. He hurled the other hatchet and took off one of the kingpin's wings. The beast fell hard onto the ground and Grimey was on it instantly with his great-axe drawn. In a single motion Grimey pounced and brought his axe down in an overhead arc and split the center of the kingpin's head.
As expected the other banshees scattered and flew away. What wasn't expected was for some of them to turn around and attack Grimey while he relaxed and caught his breath. A swarm of ten banshees caught Grimey by surprise. They surrounded the hunter and attacked from every angle. Talons thrashed and teeth gnawed at the hunter. One banshee dove from overhead and dug one of its talons into the back of Grimey's right shoulder sending a searing hot jolt of pain through the hunter. He let out a loud roar and began swinging his axe in a fit of rage. The whirling blade sent any banshee that came near to its death. Within moments the banshees were dead. Grimey felt the warmth of his blood trickle down his back then noticed a shadow loom across the ground. He looked up and saw another swarm of banshees diving at him. Time to run again. He sent a hatchet flying into a banshee's chest and began a mad dash back the way he came.

Scully had been on edge all morning. Although he hadn't seen a single dot of purple in the trees he refused to relax. He had kept the same arrow nocked on his bowstring all morning long. Clyde had emerged from the treeline a few moments earlier. While he was covering Grimey a swarm of banshees had spotted him and attacked. By the time Clyde was able to take them out he lost track of Grimey. Clyde searched the woods a bit then noticed a large swarm of banshees break out on the skyline some distance ahead. He figured Grimey had just taken out the kingpin and decided to head back to McGrady's. What Clyde didn't see when he turned away was that many of the banshees dove back down into the trees.
Scully and Clyde now waited for Grimey to return. Something caught Scully's attention in the woods. Then Clyde turned his head noticing the same thing. It was shouting. Grimey burst out of the treeline running full at speed with a swarm of over twenty banshees chasing him. Scully didn't hesitate. He drew his bowstring back and sent an arrow into the first banshee he saw. He nocked another arrow and took out another banshee. Clyde quickly joined in. They sent arrow after arrow as rapidly as they could into the swarm of banshees. The two hunters dropped six purple beasts to the ground before the swarm finally scattered and turned back into the woods.
Grimey was out of breath and bled from multiple cuts on his face, arms, back, and chest. Not to mention the huge gash across his right shoulder blade. Scully saw it and grew worried. Grimey noticed the look on the young hunter's face.
“That one should scar nicely.” Grimey said. “Nice shooting lads. I got the kingpin but the banshees didn't scatter like normal. Instead the buggers attacked. Caught me with my guard down. Let that be a lesson.” The last words were directed at Scully.
Inside McGrady's house the farmer prepared a meal for the hunters while his wife, Marian, tended to Grimey's wounds. Marian wore a plain light brown dress that fell just above her ankles. Like her husband's clothes, her dress was blotched with faded dirt stains. Marian moved with a purpose as she prepared a balm for Grimey's wounds. She applied the white concoction onto his cuts and liberally slathered it onto the large gash across his shoulder blade. The balm would help clean the wounds and speed the healing process.
“Take the rest my dear.” Marian said sweetly holding out a small white jar of the healing balm. “Knowing you, you'll need this again soon enough.” Grimey chuckled and waved the offer aside.
“I'll heal up just fine.” He said.
“I said take it” Marian said firmly, all sweetness of voice abandoned. “You're going to need it, you always do.” She shoved the balm into the bearded hunter's face. He accepted the gift muttering his thanks. She was probably right, he would likely need more healing balm soon enough.
With his wounds treated and bandaged Grimey joined the other hunters at the kitchen table for lunch. There was an assortment of bread, cheeses, and dried meat spread across the table. All of it made by McGrady. Grimey spread a soft cheese on some bread and stacked several slices of meat on it. He rolled the bread over onto itself  and took a bite. “Well one thing's for sure.” Grimey said between mouthfuls. “Scully's been practicing with that bow. Impressive shooting lad.”
“Thanks. And yes I practice a lot. I don't want to miss when it counts, you know.” Scully said.
“And that's the dedication it takes to be a good hunter.” Clyde said. He was chewing on a bread roll.
“I'm bothered by this hunt. Something about it wasn't right.” Grimey said. Clyde nodded agreement but Scully looked confused. Several things bothered Grimey. First, the kingpin was particularly large this time. Then there were the sentry banshees, which had never been witnessed before. It showed an unusual amount of organization. There was also the heightened aggression the banshees displayed after the kingpin had died. All of these things left a sour taste in Grimey's mouth. The banshees, always predictable in their behavior, acted very differently. Grimey wondered if this change was a one-time occurrence. If not, he wondered if the change went beyond the banshees and affected all monsters. That could be a problem. A major problem.

-** --*

Chapter 6

“What do you mean a new monster?” Grimey couldn't believe the rumors.
“That's what I heard on my way back here.” Smythe said. The hunter had returned from his recent trade expedition. Stubble shadowed his face, his shaggy blonde hair was tied back, and heavy rings around his eyes told of a long journey. Along the way he caught a rumor that a new monster had been spotted in Woodlawn Village, which lied just south of Quarry hidden in the Woodlawn woods. Smythe had met with Grimey at the White Rock Tavern for a drink, a talk, and another drink.
“What is it?” Grimey asked, referring to this new monster.
“Don't know.” Smythe said evenly. “I heard about it while passing through the village on my way back here. You know how they are. Real quiet with outsiders. Only caught whispers here and there. From what I understand, it stalks the small village from the woods. No attacks yet. No messenger for help either.”
Grimey found the news of a new monster hard to believe. The small village wasn't like Quarry, which was constantly bothered by banshees and other monsters in the surrounding woods. Woodlawn rarely had any monster attacks to begin with. A regular monster attack was rare enough, and new monsters didn't simply pop up anywhere. The rumor was very strange. The small village enjoyed relative peace. The villagers kept to themselves and the village was isolated so much so that many outsiders didn't even know Woodlawn Village existed, let alone its exact location.
The small village remained secluded and quiet over the years. Consequently, Woodlawn's hunters were few and weren't very skilled when a problem arose. If help was needed a messenger would be sent to Quarry to ask for aid. A long standing agreement was made that Quarry hunters would not interfere with Woodlawn unless called for in fear that monsters would be led to the small village.
Grimey, however, felt if there were monsters to be hunted then there was work for him to do. Quarry was his home and Woodlawn was his neighbor and both, as far as the bearded hunter was concerned, were to be defended.
“Perhaps the messenger got lost.” Grimey suggested with a shrug.
“What if there had been no messenger to begin with. We wouldn't want to be a bother, now would we?” Smythe said as a grin slowly grew on his face.
With a toast of their mugs the two decided to head to Woodlawn the following day. The way Grimey figured, Smythe had missed out on the kingpin hunt and he was owed some kind of action.
“How was the kingpin hunt?” Smythe asked as though reading Grimey's thoughts.
“Good. Different.” Grimey said between gulps of ale.
“What do you mean different?” Smythe asked, his eyes slightly narrowed at the mention of another thing out of the ordinary. Grimey went on to explain the oddities of the kingpin hunt: The sentry banshees, the aggression displayed after the kingpin fell, and so on. He also shared that he got a new scar, which turned out to be rather small thanks to Marian's balm. Still, Grimey shared that particular piece of news with a moderate amount of pride in his voice.
The two hunters shared another drink and Grimey noticed the travel pack at Smythe's feet. The pack was worn down from years of use. The pack was also stuffed. Smythe was both a trader and a hunter. His trading expeditions took him away from Quarry for weeks at a time but he would always return with some nice profits and some useful goods. On one occasion he returned with custom-crafted arrowheads for Clyde. Another time he returned with several flasks of a foreign drink that the three hunters enjoyed for several hours. But most importantly for Grimey, Smythe brought back metal ore that the bearded hunter used to forge new axes and hatchets. Grimey, eyes fixed on the pack, wondered if there were any metals inside of it.
Smythe took notice of Grimey's eyes and smiled to himself knowing what the burly hunter was hoping for. He decided to keep the bearded hunter in suspense and talk about  how sporadic the weather had been on his journey. He told of how one day the skies were perfectly clear and the next it was raining and the muddy roads slowed things down. And, of course, it was during the rainy times that  monsters showed up, all easily handled by the experienced traveler and hunter. Several fell by the blade of his broadsword. Others received a throwing knife to the face. At one point four large, foul, snarling beasts surrounded him on a particularly muddy patch. The situation looked dire but Smythe told how he easily dispatched of them with his knives and sword using a flurry of attacks. The story was exaggerated, both hunters knew, but Smythe didn't care.
He went on and shared a theory that monsters were tracking him the whole way but only attacked when conditions seemed less favorable for the trader. Muddy roads made for unsure footing and rain hindered visibility. The monsters were capitalizing on the environment. This was nonsense of course because monsters didn't have that kind of sense. Both hunters knew this but Smythe still didn't care. He enjoyed watching the frustration build on Grimey's face, especially when Grimey continuously glanced at the pack. Smythe pushed things further by occasionally nudging the pack with his leg. A faint ring would sound at every nudge. Finally Grimey could take it no longer.
“All right lad, cut it. You got any ore in that sack of yours?” It came out more like an order than a question. Smythe laughed and hauled the pack onto the table. It landed with a heavy clank. Grimey's eyebrows raised with interest.
“Well my friend you are in luck.” Smythe began. “I was able to find some metal you could use but I'll need something in return. You remember what I asked for before I left?” Grimey shifted in his seat. He had remembered what the deal was but wasn't ready to keep up his end of it.
“Yes I remember lad. But eh, they won't be ready 'til tomorrow.” Grimey said.
“Well then no ore for you today.” Smythe said. Grimey was about to protest but Smythe cut him off, “I know how it'll go. If I give you the ore now you'll go straight home and begin forging some axes and whatnot. Then you'll forget all about me and you'll have all sorts of shiny new toys and I'll be left with nothing. You get your metal when I get my rocks.” Reluctantly, Grimey agreed.
That night Grimey worked tirelessly in his workshop with the marble he had excavated from the mountain a few days prior. He had broken the chunk into several smaller rocks, each about the size of his fist. Over the past few days Grimey had been using a variety of tooth chisels to delicately carve and shape each rock. When shaping was finished Grimey worked on sanding down each piece to smooth out the stones. He worked carefully with different grits of sandpaper along every curve and corner of stone until it reached the perfect smoothness throughout. Each rock was tediously sanded to the same smoothness. Grimey used customized narrow-tipped chisels with small bits of sandpaper fixed at the ends to sand down the hard-to-reach spots. His hands and fingers moved swiftly as they worked with the rocks.
When the stones were smooth and glossy, all that was left was polishing. That ore would be his by the end of tomorrow. He used a type of wax which he buffed into the rock with a cloth. Grimey also discovered that applying a chemical cocktail, which consisted of a type of acid, to the surface of the waxed marble gave it a pristine shine. These finishing touches gave the stones a unique look, feel, and shine. It was Grimey's signature polish.
With the last stone shaped, sanded, and polished Grimey set out each piece on his worktable. They glowed a soft orange from the low flame from the workshop's fireplace. The crisp night air had long turned stale as Grimey worked through the night into the early morning hours. His back had become sore from being hunched over the oak workbench for all those hours.
He sat up straight, reached overhead and stretched. Relief rushed in. And so did weariness. Grimey made his way to bed while recalling what Smythe had asked him to do: Carve some marble figures for a game that had been gaining popularity in the east. Grimey wondered what kind of game used stones shaped like castle towers, horses, towers with crowns at the top and other odd looking figures. Whatever, Grimey thought, at least they're ready so he could get his ore. He lost a few hatchets during the kingpin hunt and was looking forward to forging some new ones.

-** --*

Chapter 7

When there's a new monster around one of the last things anybody should do is go camping in the woods but that's exactly what Grimey and Smythe did. They had found a spot near Woodlawn Village away from any roads and trails. The forest was dense so there was little chance they'd be spotted by any villagers.
Woodlawn Village was nestled in the foothills of a wooded valley south of Quarry. There were no roads or trading routes that passed through there. The only way to find it was to follow a maze of hiking and game trails that spider-webbed throughout the hills. Only those who knew of the village knew which  trails to follow. As a result, very few traders made the trek to the small village. The people of Woodlawn were mostly farmers and woodsmen. They were completely self-sustained and independent from outsiders. And they preferred things that way.
Grimey and Smythe made their way to the small village and crept along the surrounding  treeline careful to stay deep enough in the woods so as not to be spotted. They knew they weren't going to be welcomed and figured it was best to keep their presence unannounced for the time being. They kept low and observed. They expected to see villagers tending to crops, woodsmen sanding and shaping wood for chairs, tables, handles for tools, and the like, and to see stablemen tending to their horses and ponies. Hard working men and women surviving together on their own with what the woods provided. Laboring day in and day out to see themselves through with no trade from the outside world. A secluded place. Peaceful and quiet except for the sounds of their labor. What the hunters found instead was entirely different.
Rather than diligent, focused villagers, Grimey and Smythe found a village full of tensed and hushed people. Mouths were tight and brows were heavy and their focus was on their surroundings. People often glanced nervously over their shoulders keeping a constant eye on the woods as though it had become a suspicious stranger. Even the most common of sounds, like a bird call, would alarm anybody within earshot and send them scurrying away from the treeline. Something was definitely out of the ordinary.
“Are you and your shiny new toys ready to settle in for a bit?” Smythe asked with a glance at the new hatchets sheathed on Grimey's belt. The bearded hunter scoffed.
Grimey had spent the past few days holed up in his workshop forging hatchets. It was hard, sweat drenching work which left his face singed with a reddish hue from the heat of the forge. But there was nothing quite as satisfying for the hunter as holstering up a weapon he had made, perfectly balanced and sharpened for his own hands.
“These toys will cut through your thick skull.” Grimey said. Smythe smiled.
“I'll go see what's happening on the other side. Sit tight.”
Smythe kept low behind the trees so as not to be spotted and quietly moved around the edge of the treeline. It wasn't long until he vanished in the woods. Grimey stayed put. But not for long. The bearded hunter decided to stalk closer to eavesdrop. He moved to the very edge of the treeline and remained hidden behind the trunk of a large oak. Slowly, the hunter peeked his head out and saw a group of villagers nearby gathered next to a small stable. The stable wasn't much more than a wood shack with three walls with an open front. There were two horses tied to a post inside the small shelter. The villagers were standing at the side of the stable. The hunter strained to overhear their conversation but couldn't make anything out although their tone hinted at a tense topic.
Gimey had to get closer. Keeping low he checked the area. Nobody else was near the stable except for a blacksmith hammering down on an anvil. But Grimey knew from experience the blacksmith would be too focused on his work to notice anything in the periphery. The bearded hunter emerged from the woods and, keeping his footsteps light, quickly made his way to the side of the stable opposite the villagers and out of the blacksmith's view. Two men and a woman were talking.
“But who or what would do such a thing?” The woman asked. She had a high bubbly voice.
“Indeed.” A rough voice said. “Whatever has made its way into our woods is crafty, cunning enough to avoid a trap, and smart enough to take advantage of it.”
“I heard it's a vicious thing.” The woman again. “Blood-thirsty, even. Morgan told me.”
“Poor guy.” A softer voice said. “He hasn't caught a thing in weeks. Traps keep getting picked clean by whatever's out there.”
“Have any of you news about Serena?” The woman said with a hushed tone.
“Heard she had fallen ill.” The rough voice said.
“More like she had fallen into the care of Conroy.” The woman said. “She fancied him ever since he arrived. Too bad the young man had to leave.”
“Yeah.” both men said at once with a chuckle.
“Don't reckon we'll see that trader this way again.” Said the man with the soft voice.
“All the better.” It was the rough voice again. “His goods were useless. What are we to do with paint colors that wash away with water? Worthless trader.”
Grimey kept silent and continued to listen. Apparently this Conroy lad was one of the few traders that came to Woodlawn and Serena found him handsome much to the dismay of her husband, Morgan the unfortunate trapper. The three villagers gossiped about Serena's want to trade goods with Conroy, which then turned into a crude joke. Conroy left the village several days earlier and then Serena fell suddenly ill and had been bedridden ever since. Suffering from heartache is what the bubbly-voiced woman believed.
At that moment Grimey became aware of something, or a lack of something rather. The blacksmith was no longer hammering. Instinctively, Grimey hugged the stable wall and moved inside. The horses didn't seem to mind his presence. The one nearest him turned its head and nodded as if to say hello and then turned away. But Grimey noticed another thing missing when the horses shifted their feet. None of the horses were wearing shoes. That's what the blacksmith must have been hammering and the sound of approaching footsteps meant he must have been heading toward the stable to deliver the horseshoes. Grimey crouched against the corner of the stable and kept still.
“Hey!” a voice called out. It was the blacksmith.
“All done then?” The rough man's voice said.
“Yeah. Here ya go.”
The two men approached the front of the stable. Grimey watched the blacksmith deliver a handful of horseshoes to the man with the rough voice, whom Grimey saw for the first time now. He was tall and thin with an unkempt beard. It was a full beard but couldn't compare to Grimey's by any means. He wore denim overalls stained with dirt and sweat. A hardworking man for sure, Grimey thought. The blacksmith was shorter with thick arms, a stocky figure, full black beard, and a barreled chest. His beard was a little thicker than the other mans but still couldn't hold weight to Grimey's. The blacksmith wore a thick leather apron charred from his work. The blacksmith dropped the horseshoes into a burlap sack the taller man had held open. The two nodded at each other and turned away. Neither of them had noticed Grimey in the shadows. The hunter let out a long breath while he listened to the footsteps of the three villagers shuffle away. A moment later he heard the blacksmith's hammer start up again. Grimey took the opportunity to silently move out of the stable and hurry back into the woods.
On the way to the campsite he and Smythe set up, Grimey reflected upon what he heard. He concluded two things: Morgan was a poor trapper, and a woman had gone missing.

Smythe returned to camp soon after Grimey. The bearded hunter shared what he had heard and Smythe agreed that a woman was likely missing – and that Morgan wasn't a very good trapper. Especially since Smythe had caught a brace of rabbits earlier with no hassle at all. The two hunters started a fire to cook a meal while there was still daylight. They didn't want to risk being spotted at night on account of a cook-fire. As Smythe set about filling a pot with water and preparing a broth for a stew,Grimey spoke on something that bothered him.
“Odd nobody seems to have spotted the thing.” The bearded hunter said, referring to the supposed new monster.
“Agreed.” Smythe said. “No hint at what it can do or what it sounds like. Not much to work with. The village elder must be keeping news of the woman's disappearance quiet too. Probably doesn't want to alarm everybody.”
“Better a sick woman than an abducted one eh?” Grimey said with a snort. “Just means we'll have to be extra careful lad. Keep a keen ear for anything out of place. If the woodsmen are spooked of the woods there could be someone or something out here.”
While the hunters talked Smythe went to work on the rabbits, using his knife to gut, skin, and slice meat into chunks for the stew pot. He hadn't learned much else about Woodlawn but observed the same tense demeanor in the villagers. At one point a group of children were scolded for playing too close to the treeline. Something rare for Woodlawn considering the entire village thrived on the surrounding woods. The children reluctantly moped back to their parents, who wore faces of grim concern.
Grimey, meanwhile, reached for his travel pack and pulled out a small pouch of herbs and spices – compliments of McGrady - which he added to the pot for flavor. It wasn't much longer until the two hunters enjoyed their meal. They decided to continue eavesdropping on Woodlawn to see if they could learn anything more. Perhaps they'd follow a few trappers too and watch their backs. Monsters tended to be found where people go.
Once the sun went down the two hunters slept in shifts. Grimey took the first watch while Smythe rested on the ground. They didn't want to take any chances of being spotted by a nighttime wandering villager or this new rumored monster. The bearded hunter took note of his surroundings. He listened to the breeze rustle through the trees. A constant buzz from insects vibrated in the air. There was an occasional hoot from an owl and the scurrying of rodents and other small animals. All were noises expected to come from the woods. Grimey also took note of the earthy scent upon the air. Nothing out of place. And he waited.
Then something out of place rang clear in Grimey's ears. It was the snap of a twig followed by the shuffling of something larger than a rodent. Listening to the pattern of the shuffling Grimey figured they were footsteps from something on two feet. Somebody was sneaking through the forest rather loudly.
Grimey quietly roused Smythe and signaled the direction the footsteps came from. Smythe nodded his understanding. With weapons in hand, the two hunters stealthily stalked through the woods tracking the noise. Then the sound stopped and was replaced by something new. It was low rhythmic thudding. Something was striking the ground. The two hunters continued on and came to the edge of a clearing. At the center of the clearing was a man with a small shovel digging up the earth. It was very strange to see a man in the woods on his own at night. He wore an animal hat with a striped tail that dangled over the back of his neck. The man only had a small paring knife tucked into his belt. Not an adequate weapon to defend oneself, Grimey thought. This man was definitely not a hunter. A trapper more likely.
The digger worked his shovel until he had a hole a few feet into the earth and stopped. The man gazed into the hole, his head hung low with a scowl on his face. After a moment he pulled out what appeared to be clothing and a blanket from his rucksack and tossed them into the hole. At that moment a strange noise reverberated from deep in the woods halting the man's labors. Grimey thought it sounded like something trying to growl while gargling. Likely a rodent being killed by larger prey. The digger drew his paring knife and frantically looked around trying to pinpoint the source of the noise. The sound rang out again more clearly. It was getting closer. Odd, Grimey thought. Dying rodents usually don't move far.
The digger got spooked and dropped his knife into the hole. He didn't seem to notice as he quickly refilled the hole and hurried back toward Woodlawn. Grimey and Smythe followed the man until he was safely back in the village. The two hunters then returned to the clearing where they heard the strange sound. They stalked the surrounding area but it had gone silent. The strange gurgling noise was gone.
Back at their camp it was Smythe's turn to keep watch. Grimey laid back recounting the events of the night. Everything about it bothered the bearded hunter. It was all out of the ordinary. A woman was missing. Some fool sneaked into the woods alone at night just to dig a hole and bury some old clothes. What was that about? Was that strange sound the new monster or a small animal caught by a predator? But one question burned hotter in Grimey's mind than the others: What else was in that hole?

-** --*

Chapter 8

When Grimey traveled with Smythe to investigate rumors of a new monster in Woodlawn he expected to do some camping, eavesdropping, and a little hunting. The last thing he expected to do was dig a hole in the woods. But Grimey's curiosity and intuition wouldn't let his mind stray from the man he saw the night before. The two hunters made their way back to the clearing and spent the late morning hours shoveling dirt.
“I don't mind the labor Grimey, but shouldn't we be looking into what this new monster might be before doing this?” Smythe asked.
Grimey answered with a grunt and a glare. Smythe got the message and got back to work. The bearded hunter had a feeling their current task was important and would somehow lead them to the new monster. He didn't know how, he just knew.
They didn't have to dig too deep. The hole only went about two feet into the ground and since the dirt had been previously dug up it was loose and easy to move. What the two hunters found buried in the ground shocked them speechless. The two exchanged a look and the meaning in both their eyes was clear. It was time to make their presence known to Woodlawn Village.

Midday had come and the sun's rays danced on those who labored through the day. Farmers tended to their crops and guided horses with plows harnessed to their bodies to turn up the soil. Trappers readied their snares and lures in preparation to hike into the woods to set their traps. The local tanner cured a batch of skins in preparation for liming and throughout Woodlawn Village the blacksmith's hammer rang out.
A silver-haired man with sun-darkened skin stood at the center of the village taking in the day. He stood in front of a wall carved from a large boulder. The stone stood prodigiously at the center of the village. It was easily the largest thing in the village, higher and wider than everything else built around it. Half of the rock was round and smoothly rose into the air in an arc. At its peak the rock went vertically down as though it was one half of a larger round stone. The rock face was rough at the top but Woodlawn carvers long ago had smoothed out the rest of it to form a smooth wall.
Chiseled into the wall were profiles of men and women, the founders and subsequent elders of Woodlawn Village. Their polished images glistened in the sunlight. There were many faces drawn into the monument but the stone was so wide there was still plenty of space left for future generations. Eli felt honored to know his profile would one day be carved on the village monument. It was rare that an outsider like him inherited the role of village elder.
The silver-haired elder of Woodlawn stood at the monument admiring the village's ancestors. Those who rejected the outside way of life to create Woodlawn, a village that survived on what the woods provided. In fact, that was how the village got its name. Everything needed to farm, build tools, houses, and plows was found in the surrounding Woodlawn woods. It was only right that the village be named after it. The village had no need of outside materials, trade, or wealth. These were the principles the founders had set forth long ago and when Eli reflected upon their images he was reminded of his path in life and role as elder.
The harvest season had gone well. Plenty of food had been stored up for the upcoming cold season and most of the trappers had provided plenty of skins to the tanner, which meant new leathers for clothes, shoes, and equipment. But most importantly, their traditional way of life had gone another year undisturbed by outsiders and there were very few incidents with monsters. Eli attributed the village's peace to their traditional way of life. He believed if a people could live in harmony with nature then nature wouldn't send harm their way. This was the belief of those portrayed on the village monument and it was the same belief Eli was charged to uphold as elder.
He let out a satisfied sigh, which was stopped short when he turned to see two outsiders approaching. One of them was large, strong, with a full beard and a large axe strapped to his back. The other was smaller, blonde hair tied back in a tail, a set of knives hung at his waist belt and a broadsword strapped to his back. Eli recognized them immediately.
“Grimey, Smythe, what are you doing here?” Eli said. He kept his voice stern. The two hunters were not welcome.
“Sorry to intrude Eli but we have news.” Grimey went on to explain how rumors of a new monster in the Woodlawn had been spreading and they came to investigate. Eli's face was unmoved. Then Grimey explained what he and Smythe saw in the woods the previous night along with what they had dug up that morning. Eli's eyes widened marginally and his head tilted ever so slightly. The news grabbed the elder's attention. Although the two Quarry hunters were not welcome, Eli knew they were skilled, respectable, and honest.
“Who did you see in the woods last night?” Eli asked. Eli spoke in a slow yet clear, smooth voice. The elder always took the time to say what was on his mind exactly the way he wanted to say it.
“Not sure.” Grimey said. “It was dark.”
“He wore an animal hat.” Smythe said. “I think it was brown. And his shovel was short, half the length of a regular one.”
“What kind of animal made up the hat?” Eli asked.
“Not sure.” Smythe said. “There was a tail in the back, kind of bushy. And it was striped.”
“Morgan.” Eli said silently to himself.
“Who?” both hunters said together but Eli had already started walking away. They followed. Eli said nothing further as he gingerly strolled through the small village until stopping at a small wooden A-frame hut. The elder knocked on the door and it opened to reveal a man with a pale complexion. The bags under his eyes were as black as his hair and unkempt mustache.
“Hello Morgan. Will you walk with me a moment?” Eli asked kindly. The man's eyes shifted amongst the three visitors at his door. He knew Eli, of course, but the other two men were not familiar. After a moments hesitation he nodded and stepped outside. The four men strolled through the village, Morgan and Eli in front, Grimey and Smythe followed behind still clueless as to what was going on. “So how are things Morgan?”
Eli led the three of them past the center of the village and toward a smaller hut Grimey recognized as the blacksmith, whose hammer continued to ring out in a steady rhythm. Eli talked to Morgan in a soft voice. The two discussed trapping, the landscape of the surrounding hills, various game trails, and so on. Morgan admitted that he had been having poor luck trapping lately. Grimey and Smythe gave each other an amused glance. Eli advised the trapper to explore the eastern trails. The elder explained that many trappers had been successful in the north-eastern region and the animals typically move south when they realize an area has become a danger. Due east is where the animals would likely move to next. Morgan nodded quickly casting narrow glances at the two hunters behind him.
“I was wondering if you might help me with something.” Eli said to Morgan with a smile. The pale man shrugged then nodded. Eli smiled. “These two men came across a some game and snared them all. Now you well know we frown upon excessive trapping and I have persuaded them to leave us their extra and we need a hand to bring the carcasses back here. Otherwise their excess will go to waste.” Eli paused and noticed Morgan nod in understanding. “Will you help us?”
“Perhaps. Serena is ill. You know. I shouldn't leave her long.” Morgan stuttered as he spoke. His voice was flat and he spoke in spurts.
“We'll just be a moment and some quiet rest will do well for her.” The elder said. “Besides, it'll be good for you to bring some game back given your recent slump.”
“Sure. Of course. Yes. I'll come along.”
“Good. It's just a little way into the woods. Grimey will you lead the way?”
The bearded hunter nodded and stepped into the woods. He caught Eli's eye and understood the elder's intentions.
Grimey, the name was familiar to Morgan but he couldn't place it. He also couldn't help but stare at the large axe strapped to man's back. He had noticed the sword the other man carried but the axe carried a more menacing weight to it. Morgan felt as though the blade had eyes and was watching him.
Grimey took them into the woods and through the trees. Eli walked along side Morgan and continued to speak kindly to him, thanking the man for his help and commenting on the nice weather. The skies were clear and the sun continued to shine sending rays of light through the trees. Smythe, who brought up the rear, watched Morgan grow increasingly fidgety as they made their way through the woods. The pale man's hand twitched uncontrollably.
It wasn't long until they reached the clearing where the two hunters watched the digger the previous night. Grimey stopped a moment and looked around as if determining where to go next and shot a meaningful glance at Eli.
“One thing Morgan.” Eli said. “The carcasses still need to be gutted before we carry them back. Do you have your knife?”
Morgan's eyes widened at the mention of the knife, a fresh layer of sweat glistened on his pale skin and soaked through his shirt. The man's anxiety was palpable. Morgan's eyes darted around the clearing and he noticed it was not as he left it the night before. There was a mound of dirt next to where he was digging but he was sure the hole was completely covered before he left. Eli causally stepped toward the dirt mound and cleared his throat awaiting an answer.
“Um, no. No I don't. I don't have my knife. With me.” Morgan said.
“Of course not. How could you?” Eli said. “We didn't ask you to bring it before we left. I just assumed a trapper would not be without his blade.”
Morgan stood unmoving with eyes wide locked on Eli. Both men knew that trappers were never found without a knife. It was a tool of the trade always kept handy much like how a hunter always carries a weapon. Eli took a step past the dirt mound, his eyes scanning the ground. He stopped and turned.
“It is odd though isn't it? A trapper without a knife. But I suppose your mind has been busy with Serena being ill and all.” The silver-haired elder said keeping an understanding tone. “And I also think it would be difficult for you to have it when it is here buried in the earth on top of Serena's body.”
Morgan turned to ice. Just act surprised, he told himself, blame it all on the new monster. He shifted and looked at the man with the beard. He was tall, large, and wore a terrifying scowl on his face. The scar over his right eye and the large axe across his back made him look all the more menacing.
“Do you know who these two men are, Morgan?” Eli asked.
“Umm, hunters?” Morgan said.
“Yes. They're from Quarry.” Eli explained. “Come here to investigate the rumors about the new monster on their own will. They have been camping in our woods for a few days now very careful not to disturb our small village as they searched for this new monster.” Eli paused a moment. “What they found instead was you.”
Morgan realized why the name was familiar. Grimey, the bearded Quarry hunter who was very skilled with an axe and killed monsters by great numbers. Morgan gave nervous glances at the man and his companion. The rage behind the bearded man's eyes was clear. The hunter with the blonde hair had his both hands on the hilt of his knives. It was a simple message and Morgan understood. Trying to run would be pointless.
“They saw you last night digging in this very spot. You dropped your knife in the hole. Please do not make me look again Morgan.” Eli said. “Tell us what happened.”
“She was ill.” Morgan said, his voice almost a whisper. “Fell ill. I put her here. A few days ago.” Morgan shifted on his feet awkwardly. “I found her on my way back. From setting some traps. Must have wandered into the woods. Delirious. From the illness. Must have been attacked. By the new monster. I couldn't help her. She was already gone. I found her. Buried her. Here. Where I found her.”
Morgan dropped his head into his hands. Grimey and Smythe were unmoved by his words. Eli slowly nodded his head as if grasping some hidden meaning. The silver-haired elder put a comforting hand on Morgan's shoulder.
“Oh give me a break!” Grimey said. “You don't expect us to believe...”
“Enough Grimey.” Eli cut in. The power behind the elder's voice shocked the hunter silent. He raised a palm and gestured to the two hunters to keep calm. The elder looked around the clearing as though pondering something. His wandering gaze fixed on something, a thought perhaps, and the elder gave a subtle nod and turned his attention back to the distraught man. “Come Morgan. Let's head back.”
Grimey and Smythe followed, more confused now than they had been when entering the woods, as Eli led them all back to the small village. Grimey had no doubt about what really happened but couldn't understand what Eli was doing. Why was Eli being so kind to this man? Why the compassion? Why were they even going back to Woodlawn? These questions not only burned in Grimey's mind but in Smythe's as well.
Back in Woodlawn Village it didn't take long for a crowd to gather around the four men. Suspicious eyes fell on Grimey and Smythe. Even when accompanied by the village elder Woodlawn folk remained weary of outsiders. Murmurs filled the air. Hushed whispers of Grimey and the trader, referring to Smythe were audible as fingers pointed at the two hunters. Eli stepped forward and the crowd fell silent.
“My friends. As you all know Morgan's wife, Serena, has not been well. But there is more to it.” The elder said. “She has been slain.”
The crowd gasped in shock. The air fell heavy and murmurs about the new monster resonated in the crowd.
“Yes. The new monster. It killed her.” Morgan said. The crowd began to bustle with echoes of the new monster. Somebody called out that the monster must have been driven to the village by the two outsiders. Morgan seized the opportunity and rallied the crowd. “That's right! We had no problem with any monsters. Until they showed up.”
The crowd grew raucous with shouts about outsiders bringing trouble to Woodlawn. They sneered and shot accusations at the two hunters. Eli stood by quietly. Grimey had had enough.
“Monsters don't leave behind stab wounds and a blood-stained knife!” The bearded hunter roared. The volume of his voice shocked the crowd into silence. “The knife of a trapper nonetheless. Your knife.” Grimey pointed at Morgan. When Grimey and Smythe had first dug up Serena's body there was no doubt the woman had been murdered by a blade. Not killed by a monster. The wound in her chest was too clean. A monster attack leaves more of a mess. And when they found Morgan's knife it was the same size as the stab wound.
“It's true.” Eli said. The elder explained who the two hunters were and retold the events of the previous night and what they had found buried in the woods. The villagers, shocked by the news turned angry eyes upon the pale man. Like Eli, the villagers of Woodlawn respected the word of a hunter and many of them had heard of Grimey and most of the village knew Smythe as he was one of the few that traded with the hidden village. Even outsiders, though not welcome, could be honest. Morgan felt the glares bear down on him and listened as murmurs arose calling him treacherous and no better than a mindless monster. He heard a woman's high-pitched voice comment on how he couldn't keep a wife settled. The high-pitched voice was followed by bubbly laughs. Morgan, knowing he had lost support of the crowd, lost what little composure he had left.
“She deserved it!” Morgan shouted. His quiet shaky demeanor broke into a fit of rage. “She was my wife. And I caught her. With him! That trader. Conroy. She betrayed me. So I put her there. Into the ground. Where she belongs!”
The crowd was again shocked into silence. Grimey's eyebrows arched in mild surprise. He didn't think Morgan had that sort of spunk in him. The silence did not last long though. The crowd erupted, calling for punishment. Some shouted for hanging, others for stoning, but all who shouted called for Morgan's death. A life for a life, the way they figured. Grimey's eyebrows furrowed at this idea. He wasn't one for killing people regardless of the circumstances. People weren't supposed to kill people, only monsters did that. Eli listened to the crowds urges and raised his hand for silence. Although they called for Morgan's death, Eli had another idea.
“His fate will be his own.” The silver-haired elder said. “Morgan shall be cast out of Woodlawn Village and released to the woods. Nature will dole out whatever punishment is befitting of his actions.”
Typical Eli, Grimey thought to himself. He held the woods in high regard believing they would allow a man to live or perish. But he liked the idea and gave a subtle nod of approval. Smythe did the same. The two hunters knew that retribution would come swiftly to Morgan out in the woods alone. He may survive a short time having the skills of a trapper but sooner or later the woods and the monsters within them would claim him. The villagers also quieted their voices in respectful approval of Eli's decision. But that did not do anything to quell their glares. Morgan sulked away into the woods alone as the sun lowered onto the horizon.
The day had grown late and Eli offered to house the two hunters for the night but they refused. They figured since there was no actual monster they would begin their journey back to Quarry. 
The sun was halfway hidden behind the horizon when the two hunters got back to their campsite and packed up for their journey home. They could make some ground before total darkness fell. 
A short while into their hike back home the two hunters came upon a familiar face. His complexion was as pale as they remembered and his mustache was as black as ever. But he laid motionless on the ground, a gaping wound bore into his chest. 
“Lad didn't last long at all.” Grimey said. He looked down at Morgan's body and couldn't help but feel a hint of sadness for the man.
“Now that's the kind of wound a monster leaves.” Smythe said, his head hung low.
The two hunters continued north toward their home. The dark of night loomed on the horizon.
When night fell the hunters set up camp and started a fire. The flames flickered low in the night breeze but it was enough to heat a pot of water. Smythe relaxed against the trunk of a tree sipping a cup of hot tea. The spicy herbal flavors relaxed the hunter and warmed his weary limbs. Grimey stretched out on the ground with his head rested on the roots of a tree opposite of Smythe. The two did not speak. Instead they decided to dwell in their own thoughts as the woods whispered in the breezy night.
Grimey began to doze off when he heard a strange yet familiar sound. A gurgling hiss. The same sound that spooked Morgan the previous night. Then there was a rustling of leaves. Whatever it was was getting close. Grimey reached for his axe. He glanced at Smythe who was enjoying his drink with an easy smile. He hadn't heard the noise.
Suddenly something burst out from the trees. Grimey jumped to his feet, axe at the ready. Smythe, startled, jumped and spilled his drink into the fire. Flames shot high into the air momentarily illuminating the small campsite. Grimey saw a creature on four legs. It about waist height, had a rough hide, a whipping tail, and two horns on its head. The horns protruded upward and curved back but the beast would only have to lower its head to bring the points level with anything in front of it. One of the horns was stained red. The beast snarled with saliva-drenched teeth and glared with red eyes. It crouched low ready to pounce.
The beast leaped at Smythe but the hunter dove aside and scrambled for his sword, which was against the tree he had just been resting against. The monster turned to strike again but was met with a large boot in the face and fell back. Grimey stood over the unfamiliar beast and watched it get back to its feet. The monster snarled viciously at the bearded hunter and lowered its head, pointing its lethal horns directly at the bearded hunter. The beast charged. Grimey swiftly introduced it to the blade of his axe. The beast went silent and fell to the ground.
Smythe, who had found his sword, stumbled alongside Grimey. The bearded hunter eyed his friend with a wry smile.
“What?” Smythe asked.
“Tea huh? Never known a tea to make flames dance like that.”
“Well I may have spiked it with a little something.”
Grimey smiled, amused with his friend. The two turned their attention to the dead monster on the ground.
“Angry little fella.” Grimey said. 
“Never seen one of these before.”
“Aye. Looks like there really was a new monster.”

-** --*

Chapter 9

It was midday and the sun was obscured by dark clouds that had been building up all morning. The air was still and everything seemed shabby and gray washing out the usual vibrancy of the forest. The change in atmosphere made the hunter, on his way back to Quarry, concentrate all the more on his target. What would normally be a dark purple figure easily discernible against the green and brown of the trees now blended with the blandness of the air. The hunter narrowed his eyes, sighted on his target, and used the black curved marking on his forearm to adjust his aim. He exhaled and let the arrow slide away from his fingertips. In the blink of an eye a banshee fell to the ground.
Leo smiled satisfied with the shot. He slung his bow over his shoulder and continued on his way.
The journey to Thurn had proved to be a futile effort. The archives contained no records of ocean phenomenon that could wipe out an entire island. He only found mention that the town of Port along the southern coast had once been destroyed by a water surge. Hardly a lead. Destroying a town was very different from destroying an island.
Northern Isle. Leo couldn't help but to keep replaying the memory of it in his head. He remembered sailing in his outrigger canoe with a small crew close to the Arlynd coast where the waters were too shallow for the larger sea monsters. Only giant eels occupied those waters and although they averaged twenty feet in length they were no threat to the canoe. Eels caused trouble to those who happened to fall into the water but Leo's crew consisted of experienced voyagers and not some clumsy bunch of sailors.
As they sailed north along the coast, their course took them past Northern island before arcing west to land on the island's northern shore. The currents were friendly that day and the skies were clear. The canoe had just begun making a westerly arc when Leo saw something strange. He was glancing at the rocky mountains which lined the Arlynd coast and noticed part of the mountain chain was missing. It looked as if the Kraken had come to shore and tore away the mountainside. But the Kraken wasn't found here. The waters were much too shallow. Leo found it strange but didn't think much of it at the time and turned his attention back to sailing toward Northern. Little did he know that was just the first sign of bad news.
A small dome-shaped mountain surrounded by lush green jungle came into view as the canoe approached the island's northern shore. Along the west end of the island rocky crags jetted up from the ground. Leo smiled. He enjoyed hiking through Northern's jungles and visiting each village. The island was small enough that he could hike around it in the course of a day. And the view from the top of the island's lone domed mountain was one of Leo's favorite sights. From there he could see lush jungles stretch across the land all the way to the white shores that outlined the island.
His eyes shifted once again to the rocky crags on the island's west side. The ground they jutted out from was unique because the rock contained metal deposits found nowhere else. The Northerners mined it and found a way to forge it into a metal that was harder, sharper, and lighter than any other. It made the weapons and tools of Northern isle second to none. Northerners, knowing how limited this resource was, very seldom traded ore but on this day Leo was hopeful they would. He was going to offer up timber from the Oka tree, a tree unique to Southern Isle. The strong yet flexible wood was perfect for building boats, furniture, and many other things. Leo was confident that he could reach a trade agreement to exchange resources unique to each island.
As the outrigger sailed through the channel of shallows the wind shifted and blew into the sails so the crew didn't have to paddle until they came close to shore. Things seemed to be going smoothly as though the seas urged Leo and his crew to the island.
Wooden watchtowers were constructed along the shoreline to welcome approaching vessels. Watchmen would send word of approaching guests to the nearest village. In the years Leo had been visiting Northern Isle he had become familiar with the Northerners. He knew every chief of every village, along with the ruling chief of the island, and was on good terms with all of them. Whichever village Leo visited first, he would often be welcomed warmly and served fresh fruit and spiced meat, usually a fowl or fish. The seas had been friendly to Leo but he could still go for a nice meal. His stomach rumbled at the thought.
Strangely though there were no signs of any watchmen. No figures scurried along the beach or waved them in from shore. In fact the beach was desolate. Even the watchtowers were gone, not empty but completely gone. Concern coursed through Leo. A quick movement in the water caught his eye and he spotted black scales gleaming in the sunlight. A giant eel swam next to the canoe. It nudged one of the outriggers but the canoe was too stable to be bothered. The eel's head breached the surface and its right eye looked directly at Leo. The eye narrowed and its mouth curled to flash razor-sharp teeth. The eel dove underwater and left. If Leo didn't know any better, he would say the eel was smirking at him.
When Leo's canoe landed on the beach things were definitely out of place. The island was still. No sight or sound of people anywhere nearby. No smoke rose from fire pits, blacksmiths, or kitchens. It was an eerie stillness that sent a chill down Leo's spine. When he hopped out of the outrigger there was an obvious difference in the way the beach felt. The sand wasn't its usual powdery consistency but was thick and damp. Leo located a hiking trail that he believed led to the village of Hea. As he and the crew sloshed their way along the path they found most of the vegetation had been uprooted and littered the ground. Only the larger trees and a few shrubs remained rooted in the ground. Oddly, they all seemed to lean south.
The islanders emerged from the jungle onto a wide, muddy clearing. Leo sloshed along the ground wondering if they had taken the right trail. He studied the ground. All mud except for an occasional stick and uprooted shrub. But then he found a stick unlike the others lying in the mud. Leo picked it up. The stick was smooth and clearly chopped to be a certain length with a rope tied to it like a lashing come undone. Leo examined the nearby area and spotted more sticks like it along with shrubs that had been lashed together.
Horror struck Leo as realized what he had found: debris. He had taken the right trail and this was the village Hea. Or at least all that was left of it.
There were only a handful of villages on Northern Isle and as Leo explored he found they were all destroyed just like Hea had been. Every hut was swept away and if it weren't for an occasional spot of debris there would have been no sign that a civilization ever existed on the small island at all.
Another thing was missing. There were no signs of life. Any life. No people, no birds, no animals.
At the west side of the island black rocky crags jut out of the ground from a natural depression. When Leo reached this area he found it was now a basin filled with sea water. It had been turned into a small lake with jagged rocks breaking through the water's surface. Leo slowly approached the water's  edge and glimpsed something in the water. Floating face-down was a body, pale and bloated. A man had drowned. It was the only Northerner Leo found.
“Ola will never be the same after this.” Said one of the crewmen.
The words had caught Leo slightly off guard as he remembered that Ola was the actual name of Northern Island. Very few throughout Arlynd knew this and simply called the place Northern. The same held true for Pono, the actual name for Southern Isle. The reason was simple. Long ago when the map of Arlynd was drawn up it included the two islands. However, the islands were not yet explored so map makers simply left them unnamed. The only way to distinguish between the two islands was to refer to them as the one to the north and the one to the south. The names Northern and Southern were born and they stuck. Leo, with all his travels throughout the continent had grown accustomed to referring to the islands as Northern and Southern. He quickly shook the self-inflicted history lesson aside and his thoughts returned to the situation at hand.
The island had been flooded and battered by a great force. There were no survivors. Everything was gone. After discovering the dead body, Leo, along with everybody else with him, grew uneasy and headed back to the canoe to leave the island. They reached the northern shore where their canoe had been run ashore at sunset. The crew eagerly climbed inside and readied the vessel for sail. Leo followed but as he was about to climb aboard the outrigger, Leo spotted something on the sand. It was a sea-shell necklace. He reached out and picked it up. It was smooth. Its polish glowed in the fiery sunset. He tied it around his neck and climbed into the canoe.
When they set sail back through the shallows the sun had retreated behind the horizon and the sky had darkened. Leo heard murmurs from the crew about island tombs and curses. Leo could not understand how an entire island, an entire civilization and culture could be wiped away. He resolved to figure out how it could happen. When he turned to look at his muscular companion who accompanied him on every journey, Leo saw the same resolve on his face as well.
It was this resolve that had led Leo to the archives at Thurn but they found no answers there. Now the two islanders were traveling in the woods heading back to Quarry Town to decide their next course of action. There were two options, the way Leo saw it: set sail and examine the remains of Northern Isle in hopes of discovering something – knowing full well he was clueless to what that something may be – or head to Port Town to see if the water surge that destroyed the town all those years ago could relate to whatever had destroyed Northern Isle.
The two had stopped for a rest and found a sheltered area a little ways from the road they traveled on. The clouds had been growing darker all morning and threatened to rain. A fallen tree made a welcomed bench.
“So what shall we do?” Leo asked. “Shall we see what we might learn in Port?” Leo looked at his fellow traveler, who simply shrugged and shifted to a more comfortable position on the log. “I think we should head to Port. See if anybody remembers what happened. But let's have a short rest in Quarry first.”
Leo's companion had leaned back onto a tree that grew at an angle next to the log. He looked rather relaxed with his eyes closed, legs stretched, and hands clasped behind his head. It only took a moment for his breathing to become rhythmic and relaxed.
Then something caught Leo's attention.
“Did you hear that?” Leo asked only to realize he was talking to himself.
There was a rustling in the brush and Leo reached for his bow. He spotted movement in the bushes and in one fluid movement he raised his bow and nocked an arrow ready to fire. Out from the brush emerged a small creature. It hopped on two hind legs and its shorter front legs were raised near its chest, paws dangling freely. It had pure-white fur with a brown patch covering one of its eyes. Its fur was fluffy, clean, and looked invitingly soft. A stubby tail wiggled sporadically as the small creature sniffed at the air. Its nose followed a scent and turned toward Leo. It looked at the islander with large glassy eyes. Leo's gaze was fixed on the small furry creature, which Leo had determined was a harmless forest animal. The animal stood up slightly on its hind legs and continued sniffing toward Leo never releasing him from its gaze.
Leo eased his grip on his bow and took a step toward the furry animal. The large glassy eyes seemed to widen ever so slightly. Leo took another step forward. The islander, now with his bow lowered, let his arrow slip through his fingers and fall to the ground as he stood in front of the small animal which barely came up to his knees. It let out a slight purr. Leo reached out to pet it. He felt his hand against the soft fur and indulged in the sensation of the softness running through his fingers.
And then a sharp pain. Leo snapped out of his daze and saw the once cute, furry creature had turned into a scowling little beast with its teeth sunk into his hand. He tried to free himself but merely dragged the small monster along the ground every time he tried to reclaim his hand. The small creature had a remarkably strong hold on Leo's hand. There was more rustling in the bushes and more of the small monsters hopped out with teeth bared and eyes narrowed on Leo.
The pack of furry monsters closed in. One tried to nip at Leo's ankle but he was able to kick the little monster away. With his free hand Leo drew his dagger but at the same moment another fluffy monster bit at his already caught hand. More pain and now there were  two small monsters latched onto Leo's hand and they were able to yank him off balance. Leo kept his footing but in doing so he brought his weapon-hand to the ground and two monsters quickly latched onto his wrist. Both hands were caught and his dagger was rendered useless.
With his hands controlled, the monsters were able to keep Leo stumbling off balance. The rest of the pack closed in and one furry monster jumped onto Leo's arm and climbed onto his shoulder. It bared its teeth and lunged for Leo's neck but a large hand caught the little monster and hurled it back into the brush. Fully awake, Leo's companion kicked at the pack and sent two fur-balls flying. He grabbed one of the monsters that had Leo's hand and squeezed until the monster released. He squeezed a little more and the monster went limp. The other monsters that had a hold of Leo's hands let go and began to scatter. But they didn't get far. In one deft motion Leo lunged with his dagger and cut down two of the small beasts and kicked the third into the trunk of a tree. It laid still on the ground. The rest of the pack had scattered away.
Thankful, Leo gave a nod to his companion, who nodded back and returned to his seat on the log. The furry beasts were unknown to the two islanders despite the many times they had traveled through the Woodlawn forest. Odd, Leo thought, how harmless the first one seemed and how mesmerizing its gaze had been.
“What were those things?” Leo asked. He turned to find his muscular companion relaxing against the same tree as before, diligently catching up on his sleep.

-** --*

Chapter 10

The White Rock tavern bustled with life, banter, and sucker punches. Ale flowed like a river rapid into the eager mouths of stone-workers, traders, farmers, and anybody else looking to wash away a week of labor and stress. The sun had descended below the horizon and outside it was cloudy, dark, and cold but inside the tavern a roaring fire and roaring laughter kept bodies and spirits warm.
The door swung open letting in a gust of chilled night air. A man entered with a quick, steady step and a second man followed whose large muscular frame took up most of the doorway. The larger man went straight to an empty table in the corner while the other approached the jovial crowd. Nobody took notice of the two newcomers. The crowded tavern was focused on a man whose voice boomed from the center of the crowd. He spoke of a strange horned monster he recently killed. Gasps of shock and awe surged through his captivated audience as he described the beast while bouts of laughter rang out when he told of his stumbling friend drunk on tea.
Tea? Odd for somebody to be drunk on tea, Leo thought to himself as he swam through the crowd toward the storyteller. He slid easily past two more men and found Grimey at the center of the crowd, mug in hand toasting with several others. Leo recognized Smythe sitting nearby looking a bit red in the face as several other men clapped him on the back laughing.
Leo listened intently as Grimey described the snarling beast with saliva-drenched jaws. Very aggressive from the sound of it. Leo noted that the monster appeared after a man had committed murder in an act of mindless rage. Leo recalled hearing about the banshees being abnormally aggressive when the last kingpin showed up. The memory of the sneering giant eel shimmered in Leo's mind and the hunter wondered to himself if all these events were somehow related. It was like he could see the dots but couldn't connect them into a coherent picture.
“Leo my lad! You're back!” Grimey's voice boomed bringing the islander out of his daze. The bearded hunter clapped Leo on the back. The islander stumbled at the impact then noticed the frothy mug Grimey was holding out for him. Nothing like a little refreshment after a journey. Leo accepted the mug with a smile. When nobody was looking, Leo stealthily passed the mug to his companion, who was at his usual table in the corner.
“Now this man surely has a tale to tell!” Grimey boomed when Leo reappeared. All eyes turned to Leo.
The crowd at White Rock Tavern was in for a treat that night. Not only were they riveted at Grimey's story of a new monster but they were also treated to part two of Leo's tale about Northern Island's mysterious tragedy and his unrelenting quest for answers, which had led the islander to Thurn. Such excitement was rare in Quarry Town and the townspeople soaked up every moment and every detail so they could retell their own distorted versions and later on argue amongst each other over who got it right.
For the most part people from Quarry never left town and while they knew of Thurn and the archives they didn't know how it came to be. And Leo never shied away from an opportunity to share a story and a little history. He explained that long ago a group of men, who would eventually become known as the Seekers, set out on a quest for knowledge. Their mission was to learn all they could about all regions of the known world and record their findings in the hope that that knowledge would unify the regions. Imagine if travelers knew a town's customs and trade items before arriving. Imagine if hunters knew all the different monsters throughout Arlynd. People could communicate better, trade easier, and generally understand each other better.
The Seekers traveled tirelessly and recorded all they could. They mapped geography, learned about local economies, arts and crafts of different regions, local cultural practices, local heroes and hunters, and so on. After many years of travel, the Seekers reconvened, pooled their records, and created the archives. The archives were open to all who pursued knowledge. Many made their way and settled around the archives and the town of Thurn was born.
Throughout the generations the descendants of the original Seekers upheld their ancestor's title and tradition of gaining and recording knowledge. Others were welcome to contribute to the archives as well. Those who familiarized themselves with the records quite often became successful traders, renown herbal healers, master craftsmen, and more. However, over time some learned that knowledge could be used for profit and their intentions turned malicious. Records began to disappear. Conquerors and dictators began to rise in power taking advantage of economics and controlling trade routes. The Seekers did not intend for the knowledge of the archives to be used in this manner and as a result, the Seekers closed the archives to the outside world. But this did not keep the treacherous out. The archives were broken into many times. Some attacked and took records by force.
The Seekers, in turn, utilized their records of military strategy and defense and recruited soldiers. Thurn transformed from a town of scholars into a garrison of soldiers dedicated to the protection of the town and the archives. A thick stone wall was constructed around Thurn and only one gate allowed entry. Visitors were greeted with suspicion and weren't allowed near the archives. Scholars were scrutinized as possible spies and thieves. The philosophy that all knowledge should be open and shared had been locked away behind an iron gate.
Over time the thieves stopped bothering Thurn and the town hadn't been attacked in generations. The garrisoned soldiers did their job well. However, Thurn remained guarded. Even to this day sentries stood post at the gate and along the town wall at all times. Their duty was not to keep out people, or even monsters, but to ensure the archived records stayed within the walls. Only those of renown scholarly status or those who contributed to the archives were granted access. Leo was one of the fortunate few non-scholars to have access to the archives since he had been able to contribute a few records about Southern Island.
“Why can't they make copies of the records and share those?” a scruffy stone-worker called out.
“A bit greedy with them books wouldn't you say?” Grimey pitched in.
Leo gave the bearded hunter a short glance and continued. He switched from history to his current pursuit about ocean phenomena. All continued to be captivated much to Leo's pleasure. He had poured through records filed across generation of sailors and fisherman. There were stories about boiling seas, giant whirlpools, water spouts, Kraken attacks, and many other fascinating things. He also came across a story of a group of hunters that banded together to take down the Kraken. Five vessels sailed out into the deep ocean. Only one returned with less than half its crew. But there was nothing about an ocean event devastating enough to wipe out an island. The town of Port was once destroyed by a giant water surge. But again Leo realized that destroying a town is much different from wiping out an entire island and its people. Many in the tavern nodded their agreement.
Leo went on to tell how after having been buried in the ocean records for so long, he drifted towards the historical records about Orion.
“You went and read bedtime stories?” Grimey asked.
“Bedtime stories inspired by true events, yes.” Leo answered. Orion was a hunter of legend. A man who's skill saved the world and rid it of the most powerful monsters to ever exist, as the story goes. Leo, much like everyone else, grew up hearing of Orion's great feats and victories against dragons, giant lions, evil forest spirits, and so on. It was even told that Orion had defeated the Kraken, a feat nobody believed was possible, especially since the Kraken still lurked in the deep ocean.
Over the centuries the stories of Orion had become so embellished that the line between history and fantasy blurred. Many took the stories of Orion to be pure fantasy while few held to the belief that every story was rooted to an actual event. Leo was one of the latter. But whether they were mere bedtime stories or valid history, Orion existed nonetheless.
The townsfolk at the White Rock listened to Leo's description of Thurn and his search of the archives with wide eyes and quiet mouths. Event Grimey kept mostly quiet, though he accomplished this by keeping his mouth occupied with constant draughts of ale.
The night went on and grew into early morning. Casks of ale had been emptied and Leo had long ago finished sharing his stories. Many had gone home and the White Rock had settled to a small gathering of friends accompanied by a few stragglers. Smythe had left long ago still red in the face from the ridicule he endured. The once roaring fire had become a pile of bright glowing embers that cast the tavern in a deep orange. Leo had been waiting for the crowd to thin and took the opportunity to approach Grimey. The islander had questions about the small furry monsters he recently met.
“Cute little buggers aren't they?” Grimey said. “Deadlings is what they're called. Beady eyes, fluffy fur, and their barks sound like harmless whimpers. Yeah, them little critters are deceiving things. You try and pet 'em?”
“Yes.” Leo answered. “It was strange. I knew in my mind I should not have reached out but a yearning in my heart guided my hand. I was helpless but yet I relished in the sensation. Next thing I knew I was being bitten and they were trying to drag me to the ground.”
Grimey took a swig from his mug while he listened and then explained the deadling's ruse. Their gaze has the ability to entrance those who stare too deeply. The critters then turn on the charm and lure their unsuspecting victim closer. Then they pounce. Deadlings may have soft eyes but their teeth are sharp. The critters are solitary monsters but others are never far away. When one has a hold on somebody the others sweep in like scavengers to get a piece of their own.
“One deadling is a nuisance but if enough of them gather they can topple a man over. And when they get you on the ground is when they can tear you apart.” Grimey said. “Can't let them ankle-biters knock you down.”
“You seem to know the monsters in these parts well.” Leo said.
“A man must know his home and his trade.” Grimey took a drink.
“Listen. My companion and I.” Leo gestured to the muscular man in the corner whose head was propped up on his fist once again catching up on his sleep. “We will be traveling to Port. We could use someone of your knowledge to help us through the woods.”
“I'm flattered Leo but my place is here. The banshees been acting strange and deadlings usually don't show up along the roads this time of year. I watch out for my own folk before I go wandering foreign hills and woods.”
“I understand. But think about it my friend. We will be heading out in a matter of days. I'll ask again if you'll join us at that time.” Leo stood to leave and added, “Clyde and Smythe seem more than capable of fighting off the banshees and deadlings. And from what I've heard from your tales, Scully is shaping into a rather fine hunter. I doubt Quarry will be in danger if you leave for a few days.”
“Your companion.” Grimey said. “He's got a name don't he?”
“Yes. Perhaps you can ask him for it.”
Grimey sat back easily as he watched Leo and his companion leave White Rock. The bearded hunter took a long draught and emptied his mug. He sat by himself for a long while pondering. Why did the islander ask him to come along? They've traveled through the woods many times. Could one encounter with deadlings shake him up that much? Doubtful. There must be another reason. Although Grimey had to admit he had always been curious about who those two really were. Travelers? Traders? Mercenaries? Thoughts swirled in his head and he turned his attention to the fireplace. The once orange embers had faded to a dull red.
Outside, along the outskirts of Quarry, Leo stood under a clear night sky gazing into the heavens. He searched the skies and found the figure of Orion, the legendary hunter from centuries past. A hunter so grand in his accomplishments that he was awarded a place among the stars. He spotted the three stars that made up Orion's belt, and then the faint stars of his blade. Then the brighter stars which made up Orion's legs and shoulders to the start that curved smoothly to form Orion's bow. Leo thought of his own bow.
Every time the islander gazed up at Orion he became filled with purpose and wonder and an unceasing motivation for greatness. It was Leo's favorite constellation ever since he was a small child star gazing from the shores of Southern Isle and it was his dream to become a hunter great enough to earn a spot among the stars right next to his hero.
This night, however, Leo sensed a difference in Orion. A difference just on the verge of perception. The red star Betelgeuse, which made up Orion's shoulder burned slightly brighter than usual. Leo knew Betelgeuse varied in brightness from time to time but his knowledge of celestial signs told him this was different. Leo would keep a close eye on Orion in the coming weeks. When Betelgeuse burns brighter than usual it's the first sign that all of Orion may burn brighter in the night sky. And when Orion ignites it's a clear warning of a coming danger.

-** --*

Chapter 11

At the northwestern edge of Quarry an elderly man bumped his way through a bustling crowd. The man was burdened by two large burlap sacks slung over his shoulders filled to brim. Somewhere in the sea of people was an open table, the man's salvation from the swarming crowd. When he finally made it to the table, the man dumped the sacks down and unloaded their contents. Meat pies, rhubarb pies, and a variety of fresh produce were neatly set down and displayed. He set out a sign that listed every item with a price next to it.
It was market day at Quarry's trade pavilion. Once a month local vendors and traveling traders set up to present and sell their goods and most of the townsfolk crammed into the pavilion to shop. Homemade foods, fresh produce, fabrics, arts, crafts, especially stone-crafts lined the tables. Folks traded their gold or their own personal items for the things they needed or things that simply caught their eye.
“Hey McGrady!” Smythe called out, “Think you can save one of those meat pies for me?” The hunter had a table set up alongside McGrady and watched the farmer unpack and set up shop.
“Already ahead of you Smythe.” McGrady said. “I saved one at home and it's got your name on it. Come by later.” The farmer gave a friendly smile and finished organizing his table. McGrady looked at what Smythe was selling and saw some peculiar things but more than anything else a set of strange stone figures caught the farmer's eye. Small stone castle towers, horses, and other figures were arranged on a checkered board. Each piece was spectacularly polished and gleamed in the morning sunlight. Smythe noticed the confused look on McGrady's face.
“They're for a game. Really popular in the east.”

A little ways from the pavilion Leo watched the crowd gather. He marveled at the town's commerce. Items were mostly traded rather than bought with gold. Woodsmen would offer to trade firewood for leathers. Stone workers would trade crafts or shaped rock for tools. Some would even trade their time and service for goods. It was not uncommon for a boy or young man to take up gardening or repair jobs in exchange for warmer clothing.
Not much money flowed through Quarry. The only exception was Rocky, the wealthy farmer who controlled all agricultural trade in the region. Leo had heard about him from time to time in White Rock Tavern. Only Rocky's produce was traded and sold both within and beyond Quarry. With the volume of business Rocky did, he was able to offer lower prices which increased his wealth while also taking business away from local farmers. It left a bitter taste in many Quarry townsfolk.
Leo took in the market scene, fascinated by it all. The hustle and bustle, the negotiation, the joy of those who came away with a successful barter, and the anxiety of those who needed to make a sale in order to afford supplies for the coming winter. But the market was not the reason why Leo was awake and alert.
Leo had camped along the southern outskirts of Quarry and when he woke that morning he surveyed the small mountain town. The town was alive early as folks prepared for market and traders made their way to the pavilion. But in the treeline at the eastern edge of town Leo noticed a difference in the way the trees moved in the morning breeze. He focused carefully on the trees and things became more clear. Purple specks dotted the green. Banshees were gathering. Leo, seeing how many people were gathering at the pavilion, realized Quarry would be vulnerable.  The market drew in practically the entire town. The islander turned away to gather his weapons.

“I just don't understand the pieces. Why doesn't the horse move faster?”
“It's not an actual horse, it represents a knight.” Smythe attempted to explain the game to an interested, yet confused, patron. “Each piece moves across the board differently. It's a game of strategy and wits.”
“Hmm. What if I just buy the horses and the castles and you give me a discount?”
“It's a set. You can't play the game unless you have the whole set.” Smythe said. The hunter was becoming visibly flustered.
“Whole set or not I couldn't play the game anyway. It's too confusing.” The patron waved his hand dismissively and walked away.
McGrady chuckled at Smythe's attempt to explain the game. More so because the farmer found it just as confusing and would have done the same thing.
Vegetables and pies still crowded the old farmer's table. Very few customers came by that morning. Rocky, on the other hand, had set up several tables and had his workers marketing and selling much of the same produce that McGrady was offering but for a lower price. McGrady knew Rocky made most of his profits from trade with other towns. The way local Quarry farmer's saw it, the market was simply an opportunity for Rocky to put the squeeze on them. And it worked. Most of the townsfolk and visitors gravitated toward the lower prices, they may have felt guilty doing so but their shallow pockets forced them to swallow it down.
“Marcus!” McGrady spotted a longtime customer in the crowd. However, the farmer's hopes of making a sale were dashed when he saw the man's hands holding bags that prominently displayed Rocky's name on them. “You went to Rocky?”
“I'm sorry my friend.” Marcus said with downcast eyes. “His prices are so low and times have been tough. I only needed to pay two coin for all this.”
“A deal's a deal I suppose.” McGrady was completely deflated. “Perhaps a rhubarb pie then? You know it's my specialty. I'll give you a good price.”
“I cannot. I need to use what little I have left to prepare for winter. You know, the cold is coming.”
McGrady watched Marcus walk away into the sea of people. Another customer lost to Rocky. It must be nice to be able to command the market locally and regionally, McGrady thought. Not to mention live in comfort in that oversized house of his. And not have to break his back in the fields. Must be nice to have so many workers and so many trade wagons constantly migrating profit throughout the region. It must be nice indeed. McGrady boiled from within at the thoughts of Rocky and his comforts and wealth. Then with a sigh the old farmer realized he felt utterly spent and began to pack up his table.
Smythe hadn't noticed the exchange between McGrady and Marcus. Something pulled his attention away from the bustling market. The hunter's keen senses warned him to be weary of the northern treeline not too far away. It didn't look like much was happening over there. The trees swayed in the soft wind. Several families had taken spots on the grass field between the treeline and the pavilion. Some had a picnic under the clear sky. Others simply relaxed. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary but yet, Smythe's attention was drawn that way. And a hunter's instincts are not to be taken lightly.
Then a woman's scream rang out followed by several shouts of panic. People began to clear off the field, hastily snatching up their belongings as they dashed away. When so many ran away from the treeline, Smythe snatched his sword and knives and bolted for the treeline.

At the east side of Quarry Grimey laid in bed fast asleep. He knew it was market day but he had no need for it. Better to sleep in than deal with the crowd at the pavilion. Snores steadily vibrated off the cabin walls until bellows from several of McGrady's cows roused the hunter. What was their problem, Grimey wondered as he rolled over. Don't they know how early it is? It was no time to be making such a ruckus. Cows didn't whine like that unless...
Banshees!
Understanding flashed through Grimey's mind and his eyes shot open. The hunter hurled himself out of bed and went straight to his workshop.
Outside several banshees were perched along the treeline. There must have been over twenty of them. But they didn't move. They didn't make a sound. They didn't look threatening at all. The banshees simply sat in the trees as if waiting for something. But despite the banshee's calm the cattle continued to moo and scamper nervously.
Grimey, axe in hand, eyed the purple monsters suspiciously. Banshees didn't just hang out along the treeline. The only time the beasts came close to the town is when they're about to attack. Grimey wondered what to do. If he attacked the banshees may swarm and head into town. He couldn't simply leave either. Or he could stand guard to see if they did anything.
While the bearded hunter went over his options the banshees unexpectedly left and flew back into the woods. All but one. Its eyes locked onto Grimey and the beast leaped from its perch and soared straight for the hunter. It was swiftly met by the blade of his axe. The hunter glared at the fallen banshee and looked back at the treeline. Only evergreens swayed. No signs of purple and the cows had calmed down. Strange... 
Suddenly a noise caught the bearded hunter's attention. A commotion from the other side of town near the trade pavilion. And the market. Grimey sensed something wasn't right and took off running.

Smythe pushed his way through the fleeing crowd and saw the beast. A dingy, dirt-stained monster that crept on all fours like an abandoned canine. Its matted white fur hung loosely along its sides and face. The beast was large and lean. On all fours its wretched face came up to Smythe's chest. It was long and powerful with a bite that could crush bone but it moved clumsily and slow.
Smythe raised his sword to the ready. An arrow stuck into the beast's side and Smythe spotted Clyde nearby. But even with an arrow in its hide the beast still lumbered toward Smythe. It raised a paw to swipe at the hunter but Smythe ducked back and avoided the attack. He noticed the beast's claws were dull and cracked. Not too much danger of being slashed open but the force of the swing would do enough blunt-force damage regardless. Smythe side-stepped and circled around the beast. It snapped its jaws at him but the hunter kept out of range. Another arrow struck the side of the beast. It didn't seem to mind the arrows too much although it was noticeably slowing. Smythe dodged another swipe and the beast stumbled as another arrow struck. This time the beast recoiled and Smythe made his move and lunged with his sword. The blade ran through monster's side and pierced its heart. It fell dead in a heap of foul dingy fur.
Clyde joined Smythe next to the fallen beast. It was the first time one of these beasts attacked during market day but they handled it quickly enough. The hunters mistakenly relaxed for a moment when another beast burst from the treeline at a lumbering gallop headed straight for them. Caught off guard, the hunters braced to dive out of the way when they heard a loud thwack. A single arrow burst through one side of the beast's neck and pierced clean through. The monster crashed face first into the ground and didn't move. Smythe and Clyde turned and saw Leo with a massive longbow in hand. The two Quarry hunters stood wide-eyed and speechless. Clyde was shocked. He put three arrows into the first monster before it staggered while Leo took one down with a single shot. That longbow packed a punch.
“What are those things?” Leo asked.
“Deadlings.” a gruff voice said. Grimey had made it to the pavilion in time to see Leo drop the monster with a single arrow. The islander was clearly skilled with a bow. Grimey also noticed a long, thin, slightly curved sword sheathed at the islander's hip. The bearded hunter wondered how skilled with the blade the islander was.
“I thought deadlings were those small furry creatures I ran into before.” Leo said.
“They are. Those are the young ones. The ones you see here are matured. All grown up and not nearly as easy on the eyes.” Grimey explained as he took a step toward one of the corpses. “Not as easy on the nose either.”
The three Quarry hunters watched Leo and his muscular companion, who had watched the whole scene from a little ways away, walk away. Grimey had always respected Leo as a good man and a knowledgeable traveler but that had all changed now. His respect for the islander increased by magnitudes along with his intrigue. Leo was a hunter.

-** --*

Chapter 12

“All right lad, I'm in.”
The words eased into Leo's ears as they were exactly what he wanted to hear. The two islanders were on their way out of town when they spotted Grimey waiting for them along the road. Leo spotted the bearded hunter leaning against a tree with a traveling pack at his feet. Leo's hopes were realized. Grimey met them in the middle of the road, spoke the words, turned and started walking. A smile formed on Leo's face and he followed the road into the woods.
“What made you decide to join us?” Leo asked once he caught up to Grimey. The bearded hunter took a moment before answering.
“Let's just say curiosity. Where are we going?”
“We're heading to Port Town.” Leo said.
“Yeah I know that. I mean which way do we go to get there. Been a long time since I've been anywhere away from Quarry.”
Leo chuckled to himself at the confused look Grimey was trying to hide behind that bearded scowl. The islander wondered if Grimey had ever been outside of Quarry ever at all. Leo clapped his new companion on the shoulder and took the lead. Their route would be east beyond Woodlawn Woods  and over a stretch of rolling grassy hills. Then they would reach the Slothern Woods and their road would turn southeast. Once out of Slothern it wouldn't be far to Port Town. The journey would take a few days.
The three were just beyond Quarry when Grimey suddenly halted in the middle of the road.
“One thing though.” Grimey said. The two islanders halted and turned toward the bearded hunter. Leo raised an eyebrow. “If I'm going to be strolling through the wild with the two of you I'll need to know your name.” The bearded hunter looked directly at Leo's muscular companion.
“Why?” he said. His voice was deep and clear. It was the first time Grimey ever heard the man speak.
“Matter of trust.” Grimey, who suddenly felt as though his words sounded a bit rough around the edges, answered.
“Tell me your name.” The muscular islander countered. “You don't really expect us to believe that Grimey is your real name, do you?”
“It's the name I've chosen. It's real enough.” Grimey stood firm and tall, almost matching the islander's height. There was a sense that both men wondered in the back of their minds who could overpower who. Leo watched intrigued at how things between the two large men would unfold. He was also a bit nervous that the standoff may break his new alliance with the Quarry hunter. A moment of silence hung heavily among the three. Not once did Grimey avert his gaze from the muscular islander. An amazing feat in itself when all others before had faltered in the face of the muscular islander. Finally the silence broke.
“Kane.”
So that's his name, Grimey thought. With the question answered, Kane moved past Grimey to continue along the road. The bearded hunter turned as Kane passed.
“Scot. That's my family name. But my name is Grimey so I'll only be answering to that.”
Kane nodded and continued along the road. Grimey remained suspicious of the man. There was a certain amount of pride in his voice, almost as though he knew that those who heard the name would never forget it.
Leo slowly let out the breath he had been holding. He knew Kane liked to keep to himself, even his name. But regardless, the matter passed without incident save for some silent tension. Leo began to follow but Grimey held him back.
“Who is this guy?”
“That's Kane. He's my cousin.” Leo said. Grimey shifted. “He comes with me everywhere.” Leo added with a smile.
Their road led the three hunters east through the Woodlawns. The dirt road was smooth and well maintained. It was a common route used by traders. There was little risk of running into monsters, not like it mattered much as the three were more than capable of handling themselves against banshees and deadlings. The road wound through great ironwoods and towering oak trees, which were prominent in Woodlawn. Leo often marveled at the size of a full grown oak tree. Trees did not reach that size on his island home.
Midway into the afternoon the hunters emerged from the Woodlawns. The sun shined bright in the clear sky and they stood before grassy rolling hills. While they crested up a wide hill Grimey took notice of how Leo and Kane traveled. Both packed light. Undoubtedly the two islanders carried the essentials: some water, a flint to start a fire, dried foods, and perhaps some small dishes for cooking whatever they may catch in the wild. But what caught Grimey's interest most were their weapons.
Leo's pack was slung across his back along side a quiver of arrows. He kept his longbow strung and slung over his shoulder. Wise, Grimey thought, to keep it in a ready position for easy access. At Leo's hip was the thin, slightly curved sword he noticed before. It was unlike any sword Grimey had ever seen. The bearded hunter was accustomed to broadswords, like Smythe's, with straight blades made of hardened steel. Leo's blade seemed thin and brittle. The blade rested at Leo's left hip sheathed in an ornate black scabbard decorated with patterns of intricate silver vines. At Leo's right hip was his dagger, another curved blade, sheathed in a scabbard with the same black and silver design.
Kane's weapons lacked the elegance of Leo's presentation but that didn't mean they were any less effective. They also confirmed in Grimey's mind that Kane was a hunter as well. A spear was strapped across his back through a custom-made loop that ran through his travel pack. The spear rested at an angle so it would not drag along the ground and was well within reach over Kane's right shoulder. A short sword was strapped to his back at his left shoulder. Grimey admired the courage of Kane's weapons. No bow or throwing blades. The muscular islander preferred close combat.
When the three hunters reached the top of the crest Grimey stopped to look back and admire the gleaming white-rock mountain that marked Quarry town. The bearded hunter could no longer see the town itself but only the top portion of the white mountain. It stood above the surrounding green like a guardian.
The three set up camp that night in the soft grass. The moon shone bright and set a faint glow on Quarry's white mountain now far in the distance. The night was warm and Grimey laid comfortably atop his bedroll gazing toward his home. He knew that it wouldn't be long until white mountain would be completely out of sight for the rest of the journey. With a deep breath Grimey rolled over. He spotted Leo standing on top of a nearby crest, his frame outlined by the moonlight. The islander's gaze was fixed upward. He mumbled to himself and subtly pointed up. Which star caught his attention Grimey had no clue, but the bearded hunter got a kick at how young the islander looked in that moment. So whimsical, as though he and the stars shared an inside joke. He could have been no older than Scully just then.
They're just stars lad, Grimey thought to himself as  he rolled onto his back. Sure the sky was clear and the stars were dazzling. But who actually speaks to them? A night like this is best enjoyed on one's back, Grimey figured. The bearded hunter yawned and relaxed. It wasn't long until he began to doze off. He thought of Quarry. It was doubtful anybody other than Scully and McGrady would even notice he was gone. The other hunters may figure it out eventually but the rest of the town wouldn't notice his absence at all. No matter, home was still home and the hunter was uncomfortable that he wasn't there to help keep it safe. He thought of the white-mountain, of the White Rock Tavern, and of a chilled mug of ale. It'll all be there when I get back, was the last thought he had before sleep claimed him.
The next afternoon, after Quarry mountain had faded away in the distance, the three had found themselves at the edge of Slothern Woods. The trees were not tall but were wide at their trunks, giving them a stumpy appearance. Low hanging branches reached for ground allowing little head clearance. Grimey thought they resembled leafy oversized mushrooms. Leo and Kane began to follow the road into the woods but Grimey kept back. The bearded hunter's eyes narrowed and a hand unconsciously reached for a hatchet. Leo looked back and noticed the movement.
“Don't worry my friend.” Leo said. “There aren't any banshees in these woods. They only dwell in the Woodlawns.”
Grimey would decide for himself. He hung back a few moments while the other two entered the woods. No obscure movements in the trees. No sign of purple. His grip on the hatchet loosened and he entered the woods with keen eyes constantly searching overhead.
After sometime in the woods the three hunters reached a split in the road. Grimey took the lead and looked down each pathway. He looked down the left road with squinted eyes and then down the right road. Slothern's canopy was thick and low and after winding through the woods for so long Grimey had lost his bearing. He had no idea which path led southeast. The bearded hunter's brow furrowed and he stroked his beard. Grimey prided himself on being well adapted to the outdoors and woods. Not knowing where to go was an unfamiliar feeling.
There was a tapping noise and the bearded hunter turned to see Leo standing in front of a wooden post. At the top of the post a wooden arrow pointed left and had Thurn carved on it while another arrow that pointed right was labeled Port.
“These roads are common trade routes.” Leo explained. He rapped his knuckles on the sign once more. “Traders need to know where they're going.”
Kane went on ahead. Leo flashed Grimey an amused smile before continuing along the road. With an irritated grunt, Grimey followed the islanders.
Twilight filled the sky and it was apparent that the hunters would be camping in Slothern. Leo determined it would be wise to stop and set up camp while there was still daylight. Grimey, who had been on edge gripping his axe since he entered the woods, took in the unfamiliar surroundings. The burly hunter found a small inviting rock with a smooth flat top and took a seat. His legs were grateful for the reprieve. The rock was comfortable, even a little soft. It seemed to conform slightly to his shape. He didn't think anything of it and enjoyed his relaxation. However, Grimey's relief was short lived. Within moments the hunter felt a sharp pain on his backside and leaped to his feet with a shout.
The rock had teeth. And eyes. It writhed and snapped its jaws at Grimey eager for another bite. The stone rocked toward the bearded hunter, who was rubbing his hind quarters and glaring at his seat-turned-beast. He kicked the rock over with his heel. It fell over easily and sluggishly squirmed trying to get back to its feet, or bottom side. It wasn't easy to tell if the thing had feet or not. Grimey did what came naturally to him when faced with a monster. A moment later the rock was still and had a huge gash in it from Grimey's axe.
“What was that thing?” Grimey asked. Leo, who had been watching with a slightly amused smile.
“Stone stool.” Leo said. “They look like rocks and lie in wait for a weary somebody to rest on them. Once somebody takes a seat they, well, you just found out what they do. How's your rear?”
“It'll be fine.” Grimey didn't quite appreciate the amused smirk Leo wore. “How do you spot the things?”
“Very carefully. It takes a trained and focused eye.” Leo put a slight emphasis on the word focus, which Grimey found curious. “Fortunately stone stools do not do much more damage than the bite you received and they do not move unless touched making them easy to avoid.”
“Easy enough to kill too.” Grimey added.
Kane had finished setting up camp and had a fire started by the time the other two finished talking. He wasn't alarmed at the stone stool's attack, their bites were nothing more than flesh wounds and Grimey would be fine. Besides, it was dead. Earlier Kane had speared a wild pheasant and now set about gutting and skinning the fowl. The meat would roast nicely over an open flame and make a pleasant supper.
Darkness fell over the woods and the party of three sat around a crackling fire enjoying their meal. Grimey smacked his lips together loudly and marveled and the flavor of the meat. He watched Kane salt their meal but it didn't taste like regular salt. There was something about the flavor that danced on his taste buds. Leo explained that Kane had used sea-salt unique to their island. Grimey noticed the salt was reddish in color, which was very odd for him. Nevertheless, the seasoning added a nice familiar yet totally new flavor. He continued to smack his lips as he chewed. Leo raised an eyebrow and found himself slightly impressed that Grimey had kept his dinner out of his beard given his rambunctious chewing. Kane appeared not to take notice and ate quietly.
“So how'd you two lads get into hunting?” Grimey asked. He figured he'd satisfy some of his curiosity while he satisfied his hunger.
“Southern hunters are born into it, so to speak. At infancy we're tested and only few are deemed fit to become hunters. It rarely happens. Kane and I are actually the only hunters from Southern.”
“You're the only ones and you leave your home?” Grimey couldn't believe it. He would never leave Quarry unprotected.
“Our island doesn't have monsters.” Leo answered. “Well, more accurately, our monsters are not on the island. They're in the water. So as long as we keep on land or in a boat we're safe. For this reason, it's been a long standing tradition that when a hunter from our island comes along we venture to Arlynd's main continent to hunt. Put our skills to use. What about yourself? How did you come to be a hunter?”
Grimey chewed silently for a minute. He didn't like to talk about himself, especially his past, but should have figured Leo would return the question. Fair is fair, he reasoned, better give an answer.
“Umm, I lost my family to monsters. At first it was a way to get back. A little revenge I guess. But then it became a way to protect who was left.” It was the first time Grimey had ever mentioned anything about his family to anybody in a long time. He didn't like the way it felt.
Leo could tell Grimey was uncomfortable with the topic. Even though he was curious about Grimey's past, his family, and where he really came from – he figured there was no way Grimey was originally from Quarry since he was the only one there that spoke with an accent – Leo left it alone. The two finished their meal in silence.
With full bellies and tired legs the hunters each found a comfortable spot near the fire to rest for the night. Kane, as always, easily drifted into sleep. Grimey laid awake for some time. He was relaxed and used to camping but his thoughts never left home. Woodlawn was far away and completely out of sight. There was nothing familiar about Slothern. In Woodlawn the trees stood tall and towered majestically overhead. Here the trees were low, almost as if trying to reach out at those passing by.
Grimey felt a new sensation flutter in his gut as he laid in that strange unfamiliar place. It wasn't fear. It wasn't shock from the stone stool attack. It wasn't even curiosity of the journey ahead. The bearded hunter exhaled a deep breath and actually relished in the sensation. The hunter was homesick.
Eventually Grimey's eyes became heavy and rolled him onto his side. Before his eyes fully shut Grimey spotted Leo wide awake sitting away from the campfire gazing skyward just like the previous night. Lad really likes the night sky, Grimey thought just before he let sleep tighten its grip around him. The hunter closed his eyes.
Leo indeed stayed awake later than the others. The skies were clear and the stars shone brightly. It wasn't hard for the islander to find Orion. Leo hoped the star Betelgeuse would be dimmer than the night before. But his brows furrowed as he studied the stars that made up Orion's figure. Betelgeuse was a fierce red. The star Rigel, which made up Orion's shoulder, burned a brighter blue than usual. In fact, all of the stars that comprised Orion's figure had ignited and subtly burned brighter than they should. It was as Leo had feared. The legendary hunter in the sky was awakening and sending a clear and urgent warning. A great danger was surely approaching.

-** --*

Chapter 13

Having to constantly duck under low-hanging branches was bad enough but what was really annoying Grimey was being repeatedly whacked in the face by them. Leo and Kane easily maneuvered and ducked away from low-hanging branches but Grimey continued to fall victim the woods' harassment. Of course it didn't help that as Kane led the way he would push branches away as he passed by and let them snap at Grimey. 
Eventually Grimey learned to stay low but not before he had a few bruises on his face. Leo, who brought up the rear, enjoyed watching the bearded hunter get whacked by a branch then get upset only to get whacked by another one. Grimey, who prided himself at being a mountain woodsman, refused to voice a complaint.
Kane halted where the pathway narrowed. Grimey leaned to the side to see what was ahead. Several rocks near waist-height were scattered along the winding road. Grimey, whose rump was still tender from the previous day's attack, didn't like the look of it. The surrounding trees and brush were so densely packed that it funneled the travelers onto the pathway. There was no room to go around, and the rocks were so close together, brushing up against one would be inevitable.
“Stand aside. I'll guide us from here.”
Leo smoothly stepped past the two others. He had his bow in one hand and in the other he held an arrow between two fingers. Something was different about him. Leo's eyes had become pure white. Grimey thought he was seeing things but he swore Leo's eyes also radiated. The black marks on Leo's arm and face seemed to be moving as if they had become flowing rivers on his skin.
Leo gazed at the area ahead, raised his bow as he nocked the arrow, and in one fluid motion leveled the bow, drew back on the drawstring, and let his arrow fly. A rock squealed just before it tipped over. Before Grimey had time to marvel at how Leo picked out the stone stool, the islander had already nocked another arrow and shot down another one. The islander fired arrows in rapid succession, much faster than Grimey had ever seen Clyde or Scully fire, and never missed a mark. Leo was definitely an expert with the bow.
In mere moments Leo was done shooting. The pathway didn't look much different from before except half of the rocks had arrows stuck in them. Leo shot every monster and left the real rocks alone. With the threat of ambushing stone stools eliminated, Leo's eyes returned to their usual dark brown as he walked ahead and calmly retrieved his arrows from their remains.
“He picked out the monsters from the rocks!” Grimey said amazed. “How'd he manage that?”
Kane turned around and saw Grimey's mouth hanging open aghast. “He can see them.” Kane said. With that, the muscular islander turned and moved on ahead.
Leo continued to lead the others through narrow pathways of Slothern. Whenever they came across a section littered with what appeared to be rocks, his eyes would radiate white and the ink on his skin would flow. The island hunter didn't miss a single shot with his bow. Grimey couldn't figure out how Leo could see the stone stools apart from regular rocks. The bearded hunter would try to pick out which rocks were actually rocks and which ones were monsters. After a few attempts Grimey realized he was merely guessing and gave up on his little game. Leo clearly was not guessing.
The hunting party reached a clearing devoid of any rocks and possible stone stools and decided to rest. Leo's eyes were back to their normal dark brown and the ink on his skin was still for the rest of the night. The islander breathed deeply and his shoulders slumped. Leo was exhausted. Kane helped his cousin take a seat on a nearby log.
“How'd you do it lad?” Grimey asked the tired hunter, who raised an eyebrow at the question. “You know, spot the monsters and not the rocks.” Leo nodded his understanding.
“I focused.” Leo said between breaths. He took a moment to compose himself before explaining. “What you saw my eyes and tattoos do, that happens when I focus. I can see things more clearly, focus my vision on a single spot. I can see detail from far away as though it were up close. My arm steadies and becomes an extension of my visual intent. I never miss a shot when I focus on a target. I spotted the stone stools by looking for their eyes. Rocks don't have eyes.
“The only drawback is it takes a lot of energy to focus. It's very draining. Right now it feels as though I ran a mad dash through the entire woods. For this reason I only focus when necessary. It's a trait of Southern hunters.”
“Taters? Is that what you called them?” Grimey said indicating the black marks on Leo's arm and face. “What is taters?”
“Tattoo. Taa-too. Not tay-ter.” Leo enunciated for Grimey's benefit. “These tattoos are unique to Southern hunters. They help us tap into our inner strength.”
“Not just decoration huh?” Grimey said.
“Much more. When anybody focuses their attention on something they use more energy, right?” Grimey nodded his understanding. The bearded hunter recalled how taxing it is to focus on the details of the stone works he carved. “That energy is from within. A spiritual energy, if you will. Our tattoos are made from a special ink. It helps us channel and amplify that energy to where it is needed most. The tattoos enhance our natural talents. I'm gifted with a bow. My tattoos focus my vision and steady my arm.” Leo gestured at the tattoo under his right eye and the tattoo on his left arm. “It's actually how Southerners are tested.” Grimey recalled their conversation from the previous night when Leo said Southerners were born into becoming hunters. “When we're infants, every Southerner is given a small tattoo with this ink. If it reacts, that person is a hunter and is trained. We're given the rest of the tattoos later when our talents are realized.”
“Special ink huh?” Grimey said. “Well that's quite a useful trick. How long does it take to recover?”
“Depends how long I focus. Today, a meal and some rest will more than suffice. If I focus longer I may be worn out for a matter of days. Too long and I would collapse and may not wake again.”
Grimey let Leo rest and went to help Kane set up camp for the night. More than once Grimey gave a curious glance to the black markings on the islander's arms but he wouldn't ask what they did. The bearded hunter had a feeling he would find out one day. The two of them laid out Leo's bedroll and got a fire started. Grimey filled a pot with water and put it over the flame. He had packed some smoked meat along with some vegetables he got from McGrady and went to work making a stew. He flavored it with spices as he steadily stirred the pot.
The bearded hunter began to ponder about tattoos and the ability to focus. How could some special ink have that effect? If Leo's tattoos help him see and shoot his bow, what do Kane's tattoos do? Maybe help him aim his spear better? If he had his own tattoos what would they do? Once again questions flooded Grimey's mind and his head began to feel overloaded. He figured it didn't matter much because however the tattoos worked, they worked. Grimey watched Leo focus. He had seen Leo's eyes radiate and the ink flow on his skin. The bearded hunter let the thoughts go and turned his attention back to cooking.
Dinner was ready just as the sun began to set and the sky began to darken. Cold rushed through the woods quickly as night fell and the hot stew was a welcomed comfort. Leo's strength returned to him after a few sips of broth and mouthfuls of meat. He would be ready to clear the path of stone stools the next day if needed. The hunters spent an easy night in Slothern woods.
The road was clear of rocks and camouflaged monsters the next day and travel was easy. The three hunters emerged from the woods by midday. Grimey stood just beyond the treeline and examined the horizon ahead. It was a vast expanse of rolling grasslands which steadily descended into a plain. The air was crisp with a hint of salt in it. The ocean was near. To the right the grassy plain dropped suddenly into a cliff and beyond the edge Grimey saw the vast blue expand endlessly into a haze. It had been a long, long time since the bearded hunter had seen the ocean. The water roared as it collided with sheer rocky cliffs.
The sound rolled with the breezy air into the hunter's ears. The sight of the sea and the sound of the waves crashing against the rock brought back memories from long ago. Memories he cared not to think about and the hunter quickly flushed them from his mind. Grimey's eyes followed the edge of the shore until he spotted a town in the distance situated along where the mouth of the Cumberland River flowed into the ocean. He could just make out chimney smoke rising and spotted numerous ships in the surrounding waters. Some ships sailed inland, others sailed away, and more still were docked in a crowded, undoubtedly bustling, harbor. Port Town.
Cobblestone roads spiderwebbed through the bustling town and within moments Grimey was nearly run over by a horse-drawn carriage. The bearded hunter had to jump back to avoid being trampled and had a difficult time recovering his footing on the uneven cobblestones. He stumbled and crashed into several people who were passing by. Luckily they were helpful enough to let Grimey fall hard onto the ground. The hunter rose to his feet, ignored the eyes that were watching him, shook the dust from his beard, and continued along the way with a frown. Crowded towns, the hunter didn't like it.
Leo led the way toward the harbor. The ever-present aroma of salt in the air was joined with fish, sweat, and smoke as they neared the docks. Leo's idea was to find an old-time seaman who may recall stories of when Port was destroyed long ago by surging waters. It seemed simple enough but  they found the docks crowded with merchants, traders, and sailors no older than they were. Leo approached a sailor who was unloading crates of exotic, foul smelling spiky fruit, from a small vessel onto the dock.
“Excuse me sir, may I bother you a moment?”
“What is it?” The sailor said in a rushed voice. He didn't once look up at Leo and continued back up to the vessel to retrieve more crates.
“Have you ever heard of any strange happenings in the ocean that once caused the waters to rise so high-”
“It's called tides.” The sailor said cutting off Leo.
“Rise high enough to flood this entire town.”
“Nope. But one thing I might know is that money was never made from answering foolish questions when I have a deadline to meet.”
Leo watched the sailor make his way up the small wooden ramp leading from the dock to the boat and noticed the sailor's muddy footsteps. For the first time, Leo took notice of the man's vessel. It was small with a fresh coat of paint. Cracks lined the hull, the sails were stained, and Leo picked up a subtle scent of mold. The crates containing whatever fruit was being unloaded were splintered and spotted with mildew. This sailor would be of no help. No true waterman would let his ship become so dilapidated. Leo turned to move on.
“You won't find any answers from these sailors, my friend” A rough voice called out. Leo, Grimey, and Kane turned to see an aged man sitting on a barrel at the edge of the dock. Behind him a skiff was tied to the dock. The man's skin was darkened and salted from years spent on the ocean. His hair was silver, thin, and dangled in unkempt strands past his shoulders. “These young sailors, all merchants trying to make a profit. Look at them. Hurrying around to sell whatever they've scrounged from lands abroad. They don't know the ways of the ocean, they barely even know how to maintain their boats. But you sir, and your companion here.” The elderly man gestured at Kane, “You are men of the sea, I can tell.”
“Who are you?” Leo asked.
“My name is Santiago. I have fished these waters all my life, my father fished them before me, my grandfather before him, and so it goes.”
“Do you know of any stories about Port being destroyed by a flood?” Leo asked.
“Oh yes, I've heard the tales from my grandfather. His father was there and lived it.” The fisherman said.
Santiago closed his eyes and tilted his head back slightly. He took a deep breath. When he let it out his eyes opened and they were distant as he gazed into the past.
“The waters rose high and sudden. A great roar reverberated all around. A foul stench of rotted fish stained the air. Many ran. Many screamed. Many froze in confused terror. And the wiser climbed.  Those on the ground perished. On the rooftops we were untouched.”
Grimey shifted unsure of what he was listening too. He noticed, however, that Leo and Kane were intently focused on the old man's words. Santiago was just getting started.
“The birds circled overhead. Somewhere a child cried. Off in the distance an echo of agony.” Santiago's eyes were unblinking and his head tilted to the side. “The pain danced on our tongues. A slug basked in the torment...”
Grimey rolled his eyes. What was the old kook talking about? Perhaps Santiago had sat out in the sun for too long. Regardless, the bearded hunter had heard enough and didn't want to stand around any longer. Sweat was building under his beard and it annoyed him. He silently moved away leaving Leo and Kane to hear Santiago's tale.
“The waters stayed fragile for several days. Fish hid. Currents, once steady, now shivered.” Santiago paused for a moment to take a breath. Clarity appeared to return to his eyes once again and he looked directly at Leo and spoke clearly, “The flood washed through Port. Much of the town was destroyed and drowned when the waters receded. But while on the rooftops we could glimpse it. In the ocean not too far out there was a massive beast with penetrating green eyes. The Kraken! It sent the water surging at us and watched our demise. Afterward it simply left.”
Away from the docks on the sandy beach Grimey strolled along letting the ocean breeze cool off his beard. He was careful not to get close to the water because he didn't want to get his boots wet. Or his beard for that matter. Then something caught his attention. On the sand a small black worm-like creature wriggled around. There were two small slits where its eyes narrowly opened and it had a small mouth that contained tiny jagged teeth. It squirmed and struggled its way over the sand toward the water. Grimey watched it with a frown and spotted a rock nearby. His frown became a grin.
“The Kraken caused the flood.” Leo said, a mild hint of amazement in his voice. “Surely amazing but it doesn't shed much light on what happened to Northern Isle.” He and Kane had left Santiago on the dock moments ago and walked along the beach. Both knew that the Kraken didn't bother with the western waters which Southern and Northern Islands occupied. The massive Kraken stayed in the deeper waters of the southern ocean.
They looked ahead and spotted Grimey on the beach repeatedly throwing a rock into the surf. Water splashed high into the air and the bearded hunter chuckled and picked up the rock only to throw it back down again for another laugh.
“What do you suppose he's doing?” Leo asked Kane.
“Playing.” Kane said unsure.
Leo approached Grimey slowly. The islander thought that perhaps this was the first time Grimey had seen the ocean and the splashing water fascinated him. Or perhaps the sun baked his beard a little too much.
“What are you doing Grimey?” Leo asked.
“This little monster wants to get to the water. And I'm not going to let it.” Grimey threw the rock with a splash. Leo noticed a small black worm-like creature struggling in the chaotic waves caused by Grimey's rock. The small thing was pushed back on shore and instantly began wriggling its way back into the water. Leo recognized the small creature instantly.
“That's an eel spawn.”
“A what?” Grimey said as he picked up the rock for another throw.
“An eel spawn.” Leo repeated. “It grows into a giant eel, one of the monsters of the sea. This one must have just spawned moments ago. They are born on the sand and must make it to the water to survive. They spawn on Southern also. We try to kill as many of them as we can before they reach the water.”
Grimey didn't appear to be listening. He was too focused on tormenting the tiny eel. The small creature would make its way to the water and just before it was able to swim away the rock would land in front of it with enough force to splash the eel back onto the sand. Leo watched this intently. The islander's head tilted and his brow furrowed. Splash! And another small wave kept the eel from swimming away. Splash! Grimey chuckled to himself some more. Splash!
Then it clicked.
“That's it.” Leo said to himself. “I know what happened to Northern!”

-** --*

Chapter 14

“A mountain? How does a mountain make a wave?” Grimey asked.
“By falling into the ocean.” Leo explained, his eyes wide with excitement.
“And how does a mountain fall down?” Grimey's brow furrowed and his mouth hung halfway open trying to grasp the concept.
The epiphany had Leo's blood rushing and his words moved just as fast. He explained how the rumble from weeks back must have shaken loose the mountainside. Leo recalled on his last voyage to Northern Isle one of the mountains along the northern Arlynd coast looked like it had been torn away. It must have fallen into the ocean and created a wave, just like the waves made by Grimey's splashing rock except the wave caused by a mountain would be much, much larger.
Grimey's mouth continued to hang halfway open. He understood how a falling mountain could create a wave but still struggled to understand how a rumble could cause a mountain to fall in the first place. Could some shaking really loosen up an entire mountain? If so, why did only one mountain fall and not all of them? How come Quarry mountain never collapsed in past rumbles? These questions coursed through the bearded hunter's mind and made his head sore. Perhaps it was better just to take Leo's word for it, Grimey figured.
“Sounds like a prophecy.” Kane chimed in flatly. There was a moment of silence, mostly due to the fact that Kane actually spoke on his own. Then Leo's eyes widened again. All the stories Leo grew up with about Orion, about legendary beasts, and his knowledge of celestial signs swirled in the islander's head. Recent events suddenly felt like they fit into a scripture he had once read but at the moment couldn't recall.
“Which prophecy, do you know?” Leo asked his cousin. Kane shrugged and shot Leo a look that said that's your specialty, not mine. Leo understood, he was after all the one who constantly buried himself in texts of history, myth, and legend while Kane occupied himself with other hobbies like maintaining his weapons and catching up on lost sleep. However, Leo was one of the few people, if not the only person, that believed what he read were prophecies and not simply stories meant to captivate young minds.
“An island destroyed by a wave. A mountain falling into water. And Orion has ignited.” Leo said more so to himself than to his companions. He folded his arms across his chest and brought one hand up to stroke his chin. It had to fit into something. Leo knew he had to consult his texts.
Grimey continued to stare at his companions with his mouth half open because he had no idea what they were talking about. Prophecy, falling mountains, and now something about Orion igniting. It was too much for the bearded hunter. “Okay, while you two figure this out I'm going to see what kind of ale this town has to offer.” He didn't think Leo even noticed him leaving.
The cobblestone roads that wound through Port were smooth and easy to follow. Horse-drawn carriages clattered by. Shops and houses made of stone, brick, and heavy wooden doors lined the streets. Small windows peered out of the houses and were difficult to see into while the shops presented large windows with displays of merchandise of all sorts. The streets bustled in the late afternoon.
Port town was too crowded for Grimey's liking. Traders rushed along hauling crates of goods. Vendors barked along the sides of the roads enticing passerby to stop and look at what they had to sell. One such vendor, a portly man wearing a stench of sour citrus, waved at Grimey offering a refreshing lime drink at a bargain price. Grimey had never seen a lime before. He thought it looked like a miniature lemon gone green. He also had no idea what the price of a lime was and put little stock into whatever bargain was being offered. He'd seen Smythe swindle unwitting traders at Quarry's market before and didn't want to fall victim to the same tricks. Besides, a lime drink wasn't what Grimey was after and if the portly vendor's odor reflected anything of the lime's flavor he didn't think he was missing out on much.
Grimey simply waved a dismissive hand at the portly man and carried on down the road. He heard the man bark at the next person to pass by. Grimey steadily made his way toward the center of town perplexed that he hadn't come across a tavern yet. But he noticed a distinct change in his surroundings. The sailors and merchants no longer carried crates and vendors along the roads became sparse. And there were more women dressed in scant, brightly colored outfits.
The road gave way to a wide open square. At its center was a small grassy park with several trees surrounding a central, ornate, three-tier stone fountain, which rose several meters out of a round basin. A continuous stream of water burst from the top of the fountain and trickled down its tiers back into the basin below.
The park was littered with couples lying together talking closely. Most were sailors and women in bright outfits.
“Welcome to the jardin d'amour,” one woman called out to Grimey. She wore bright pink shorts that clung to her hips and a loose white shirt that revealed her shoulders. “Do you need some company?  Perhaps somebody to escort you around?” She made a gesture with her hand by rubbing her thumb along the side of her index finger, suggesting that an escort would cost the hunter. The woman was tall with long legs, long curly black hair, olive skin, and she was entirely too thin. What kind of escort would this malnourished woman make, Grimey wondered, and figured he'd be better off with just his axe.
“I'll find my own way.” Grimey replied. The woman pouted then rolled her eyes and turned away.
Shops lined the square, many of them displayed bright pink signs, some with pictures of hearts other with images of women. Crowds of men, mostly sailors, flowed steadily in and out. Business must have been good here but Grimey couldn't figure out what kind of shops they were. A bit downtrodden at his unfruitful search for a drink, he had nearly made his way around the square when finally he spotted a sign with the unmistakable picture of a frosty mug painted on it. Above the image the sign read Porters. At long last the hunter had found a tavern and charged through the doors.
Several long tables occupied the center of the floor while smaller round tables were arranged along the wall opposite the bar, which was tended by three men. A high ceiling gave the effect that the tavern was more spacious than it really was, even still, Grimey noted that Porters was at least twice the size of White Rock and filled with more than twice the people. The wooden floor creaked beneath the bearded hunter's feet as he made his way to an open stool at the bar. It wasn't difficult to negotiate through the crowd as people parted at the sight of the large burly figure with a scarred eye and an axe strapped to his back. They practically dove out of his way.
A thickset man with broad shoulders and a bushy black mustache eyed Grimey from the opposite side of the bar. He took stock of the axe and the hatchets strewn about his customer's belts and leaned forward.
“Don't get too many hunters here. What can I get you?”
“Some ale, lad.”
The bartender nodded and reached below the bar for a clean mug. He took a step to the side and opened a tap from one of the many casks of ale lined up below the bar. Ale flowed smoothly as it poured from the keg into the mug. The bartender set the mug, now filled with a dark amber liquid, onto the bar and slid it to Grimey's eager hand. The hunter examined the drink's color and the foamy head for just a moment and, with a smile, took a long draught. Grimey smacked his lips together in satisfaction and took another drink. Half the mug was drained.
While Grimey relished in his drink the bartender moved away to tend to other customers but he kept a watchful eye on the burly hunter. Of course Port had hunters like everywhere else but they, rarely, if ever, ventured into the town square. And this hunter was surely not from Port. It was even rarer for a traveling hunter to pass through Port's town square. Not to mention that Grimey was perhaps the most menacing looking hunter anybody in the tavern had ever seen. Many other drinkers took notice of the armed man gulping down his ale and whispered to each other with suspicious eyes. Grimey, however, noticed not a thing. He was blissfully enjoying his ale.
“You need a refill there?” The bartender had noticed Grimey's empty mug. The hunter nodded with a grin and the bartender filled another mug. “So what brings you this way?”
“The ale. Haven't had a drink in a while.” Grimey said between gulps. “You know lad, there aren't too many taverns in this town. What's with that?”
“Most of the drinking is down on the docks. First time in Port?” The bartender asked.
“Aye.”
The bartender took a closer look at Grimey. The way he wrapped his large hand around the mug instead of grasping the handle and the way he hunched over the amber elixir. The bartender concluded that his customer was legitimately here for a drink and not for any other business that goes on at the town square. If it really was his first time in Port he may not know about the dock taverns, the bartender figured.
“So where are you from, my friend?”
“Quarry Town.”
“Ah I've heard of that place. In the Woodlawns, marked by a large white mountain they say.”
“Aye, the town is named after that mountain.”
“And I take it you're one of the hunters there?” Another customer approached the bar for a drink, “What can I get you sir?”
“Umm, know what? Nevermind, I'm okay.” The man said when he caught a glimpse of Grimey. He then slowly backed away from the large man with an axe. The bartender shrugged and turned his attention back to Grimey.
“You'd think the lad never saw a hunter before.” Grimey said.
“Yeah well, hunters can be easily mistaken for mercenaries. And we don't get too many hunters in this part of town.” The bartender said.
 “Aye, but you knew me as a hunter.”
“Well of course. You don't ever call out a mercenary for what they really are.” The bartender said with a coy grin, “Besides, mercenaries don't usually chat at the bar.”
Grimey lifted his mug and took another gulp. “Ahh. Only two things I love more than good ale: Hunting and working in the rock.” The bartender gave a curious look. “When I'm not hunting I work in the white mountain cutting away rock for stone workers.”
The bartender noticed the hunter's calloused hands. This hunter was an honest one, he figured. “Well it's nice to have you here. The name's Borland. This my tavern. Holler if you need anything.” Borland gave a respectful nod and moved away to clean some dirty glasses.
Grimey sat alone with his thoughts and his ale. He had really done it and left home. It was almost unbelievable. Leaving Quarry for an extended period of time and traveling off. Sure he had camped in the Woodlands and visited Woodlawn Village for days at a time but he never went beyond those woods in ages. In fact, Grimey couldn't recall ever leaving Woodlawn since he first arrived there all those years ago. He was so young the beard was barely a shadow on his face.
Quarry town. Grimey missed his home and the white mountain. The weather had been clear lately, perfect for hacking rock to be taken to his workshop. There it would be chiseled and shaped, perhaps into a stone axe, a face, a tree, or a miniature of Quarry Mountain. The possibilities were endless. Work hard during the day and then relax with an ale at the White Rock Tavern, that's how Grimey liked it. He'd probably be there at that very moment, the hunter mused to himself as he took another swig from his mug. The ale at Port was good. Borland poured a good one.
At that moment Borland returned and slammed a tankard onto the bar, cutting off Grimey's train of though. The bartender then pulled out two small glasses.
“Try some of this, on the house.” Borland said. “It's my own special spirit. Make it myself.”
Grimey watched curiously as the bartender poured out a dark amber liquid which swirled into the glass. Borland filled both glasses halfway and handed Grimey one of them. The hunter took a sniff. It was a strong spirit with an earthy scent which slightly singed his nostrils. The two clanked their glasses together and emptied them in one gulp. It tasted of an earthy bitterness with notes of spices, perhaps cinnamon. The drink conjured a fire in the hunter's mouth which continued to ignite all the way down past his throat. Both men took in a sharp breath to let the air cool the flames.
“Good stuff. Strong.” Grimey said. He immediately felt the heat of the drink spread throughout his chest and limbs filling him with warmth. It was strangely comforting.
  “So where you headed Quarry hunter?” Borland asked.
“The name's Grimey.”
“So where you headed Grimey?”
“Here.”
“And what business do you have in Port?” Borland asked with a confused look.
“None.”
Borland's face went from confusion to anguish. He opened his mouth to speak but words wouldn't come out.
“The lads I came with have business here.” Grimey explained. He went on and told Borland about Northern Isle, Leo and Kane, and how Leo's search for answers led them to Port.
“Sounds dreadful.” Borland said. “A whole island wiped out. Must have been a big splash to make that wave.”
“Leo thinks a mountain fell into the ocean. Can you believe that?”
“A mountain? Well that would do it. Be a helluva splash.” Borland said with a nod.
Grimey was baffled. Borland accepted the idea so casually. Then it struck Grimey that it would be the simplest explanation. A mountain would certainly make a big splash. The hunter grew more comfortable with the idea as Borland poured them another round from his tankard.
“A mountain.” Grimey said more to himself than to Borland, “I guess I can believe it.”

-** --*

Chapter 15

When the sun lowered itself onto the horizon and the skies began to darken, Grimey strolled away from Port out onto a grassy field. Guided by a flickering orange light in the distance, the hunter made his way to the campsite where he found Leo and Kane. They were seated on smooth logs in front of a crackling fire. Leo was tending to a boiling pot of water while Kane relaxed.Grimey heard the unmistakable sound of rolling waves nearby and realized how close to the beach they were. 
“You know I still don't see why we can't just stay in a room in town.” Grimey said as he took a seat across from Leo and Kane. “I was at the town square and there were plenty of rooms available.”
“Those rooms are not for sleeping.” Leo said pointedly without lifting his gaze away from the pot.
“What do you mean?” Grimey asked.
Leo and Kane gave each other a meaningful glance. “Never mind.” Leo said.
Grimey felt a heaviness in the air. The two islanders sat quietly, heads down. They hadn't even looked at him since he arrived.
“Lighten up lads. I didn't know wandering off like that would affect you so much.” Grimey said. He felt that perhaps his sudden departure earlier that day was taken as some sort of dismissal of Leo's thought about a prophecy. Truth was Grimey didn't think it ridiculous at all, nor did he think it to be a serious matter. He didn't really think anything of it, which is why he left in the first place. He would have been of no help to his companions and thought they would be better off on their own.
“It's not that.” Kane said. It's a rare moment when Kane speaks up and Grimey knew it.
“We found the prophecy.” Leo said. He raised his eyes to Grimey and for the first time the bearded hunter noticed a book in Leo's hand.
Leo tossed the book to Grimey. The cover was worn and the edges were tattered. It was an old book. He guessed that Leo kept it with him on all his travels. A ribbon hung from the pages and Grimey opened the book to the page it marked. Several lines were written larger and apart from everything else:

When mountains fall
And oceans soar
Voices will hush
For ever more.

A mountain will burst
With crimson tides,
And red rain falls
When the beast flies

“And what does this mean?” Grimey asked.
“It seems to fit the events that led to Northern's demise. At least the first passage does.” Leo said. “A mountain fell into the ocean and a large wave silenced everybody on the island.”
That part made sense, Grimey thought. He also noticed the top of the page was titled Signs of Return.
Grimey had no clue what the second passage referred to. It just sounded like some kind of beast would arrive. His brow furrowed at a question that popped in his mind. Leo, as if able to read the bearded hunter, chimed in.
“These words were first written during the time of Orion. More precisely, after he had vanquished the legendary beasts.” Leo said. “The second passage must refer to one of those beasts and its revival.”
“Oh please. Those monsters are just tales – dead tales at that. And what is this book anyway, more children stories?”
Leo looked hurt at the comment and Grimey instantly regretted his words. Although Grimey had a hard time believing this passage was some kind of prophecy, he didn't mean to belittle Leo, who now looked utterly deflated. After all, Leo had only been honest and courteous every time he visited Quarry. Despite whatever beliefs Leo had and where they came from, Grimey knew him to be a good man and that was enough for the bearded hunter.
On the other hand, Leo knew many didn't put as much stock into legends and fairy tales as he did but that didn't make it any easier when somebody dismissed his beliefs. He firmly believed that fairy tales and legends were rooted in historical fact. Just because a story had become a fairy tale didn't mean it was not true at some point. In his studies Leo had noticed common themes throughout many stories and concluded those repeated themes were likely a historical account of events.
“So what does this mean?” Grimey said apologetically. Leo lifted his head up and looked at Grimey. There was sincerity in the bearded hunter's eyes and the hurt Leo felt dissipated.
“It means,” Leo said leaning in toward the bearded hunter, “If the prophecy holds true and the recent events are signs. It means one of Orion's great beasts is rising.”
“How do we know for sure?” Kane said. Again, Grimey found himself surprised at the muscular hunter's addition to the conversation.
“A mountain will explode. There should be an eruption somewhere soon. That's where the beast will emerge from.”
“Okay, which mountain?” Grimey asked.
Leo thought for a moment, “Far north. The Iyre Mountain. The prophecy mentions a mountain bursting on crimson tides. Iyre Mountain is composed of a unique type of rock and dirt that gives it a red appearance, or so the stories say.”
“That's quite a journey for you two lads.” Grimey said. 
“I agree. And a great beast may be waiting there for us. Something like that would be beyond Kane and I.” Leo's eyes met Grimey's. The bearded hunter shifted in his seat.
“It's been a long day.” Grimey said. “Think I'll get me some sleep.”

That night Grimey laid restless with an uneasy feeling. He couldn't shake the thoughts of aggressive banshees, the new monster in Woodlawn Village, Northern Isle wiped out, and the prophecy Leo believed in. It was a lot for the bearded hunter to think about. He preferred things simple. A monster threatens his town, he kills it. Simple. But all of these extra things weighed heavy on the hunter's thoughts. Something tugged at the back of his mind hinting that it could all be connected but that just didn't make sense to Grimey. What happens on an island happens on an island, it doesn't affect things elsewhere. Does it? Eventually all the thoughts wore the hunter down. His eyelids quickly grew heavy and the hunter drifted away into sleep.
The next thing Grimey was aware of was being on a white sandy beach. Crystal blue water kissed his bare feet and gently massaged his ankles. The sky was clear, the sun was bright and warm. He wasn't in Port anymore, that was for sure. Nice place though, he thought, a paradise for many but the bearded hunter would take a mountain wood over a sandy beach any day. Sand in the beard brings about a tortuous itch.
Grimey looked around and saw nothing on the horizon ahead. Just an endless blue sea. Then he felt the water at his feet grow warmer. Suddenly the sand grew moist and thick like a wet clay. It clamped down on his feet with a powerful grip. He struggled to break free but was stuck. The water continued to heat up and began to burn his legs. Something moved on the horizon and Grimey spotted a face far in the distance peering out of the water. Whatever it was only rose high enough so its eyes broke the surface. The thing must have been miles out but Grimey could see its green, narrow, and cunning eyes clearly. It glared at Grimey and the hunter got the impression it was laughing with a sneer. The water grew hotter.
The sky above turned from clear blue to deep red and the sun burned a ferocious crimson. Everything was getting hotter. The water began to boil and and the air became a furnace. Sweat poured out of the hunter who helplessly struggled to get free but the sand wouldn't let go. Then a large shadow passed over and everything was dim like dusk. He glanced up and saw the sun had taken on a leathery appearance. It opened to reveal a ruby-red eye. At the eye's center was a black, narrow slit. It looked like the kind of eye found on a cat or lizard, Grimey thought, with the exception that it was red and wreathed in flame. It blinked and looked down at the hunter trapped in the sand. The eye burned more fiercely and red rain began to fall from the sky. And the rain was hotter than the ocean. Grimey felt the heat of each drop burn into his skin. What was going on, Grimey thought.
There was a tug at his feet and the next thing Grimey knew he was swept into the boiling sea. Laughter echoed all around him. Must have been that thing with the green eyes. Currents whirled violently and shook the hunter every which way. The laughter became deafening and pounded on his entire body. His limbs flailed wildly against the currents but to no avail. Grimey's breath was choked and his world became dark. The hunter felt utterly trapped. He tried to cry out but no sound came.
With a jolt Grimey's eyes shot open. He sat up with a shiver, covered in a cold sweat. He actually found the cold to be quite a relief from the intense heat of his dream. Such heat, it felt so real. Grimey took a moment to catch his breath and remember where he was. The air was cool and trees whispered in the breeze. He was back at the campsite outside of Port. A faint glow on the horizon signaled sunrise was near. No point in going back to sleep. The dream shook up the bearded hunter too much for that anyway.

-** --*

Chapter 16

Slothern stinks. The woods were as uncomfortable the second time as it was the first time. Low hanging trees, always having to be aware of which rocks are actually rocks and which ones were rump-biting beasts, and the ground always seemed to be a little moist. Grimey was beginning to tire of the journey. His longing for home had turned into a deep annoyance for the woods.
And now it stank, literally. Really bad. It smelled so bad Grimey wished he had a thicker beard so he could suffocate himself. Kane walked slumped over in sensory defeat and Leo wore a face of nausea.
The odor made a home in their nostrils suddenly and rapidly and grew more foul with each step. It invaded and harassed them. Grimey was bewildered. Never had he smelled anything so foul.
“We're being stalked.” Leo groaned. “Stone stools aren't the only things in these woods.” The islander's face turned a shade of green having caught a taste of the air in his mouth. He resisted the urge to loosen his stomach and continued to trudge along the pathway.
They didn't get much farther when Grimey heard a rustling in the trees above. Before he could look up a large creature dropped down and landed mere inches in front of him. The bearded hunter, with his senses dulled from the odorous assault, lazily hopped back after the creature had already landed.
Grimey raised his eyes slightly to take a look at the newcomer. It was large, had a thick coat of dirty brown matted fur, and two large eyes that seemed to be forever unfocused. Those eyes were spaced too wide apart on a head too wide for the lanky neck holding it up. Its arms were long and hung low to the ground. Dirty, cracked, curved nails scraped the dirt. The creature had landed on its rump with its stumpy legs sprawled in front and hadn't moved. It was fat and it smelled excruciatingly bad. This thing was clearly the source of air pollution.
“It's a sloth.” Leo managed to groan between gasps.
The sloth slowly rocked forward and lazily reached for Grimey. Its arm was long enough to reach the bearded hunter but it would have to move quicker than a slug in wet sand to have any chance of touching him. Grimey, with a hand covering his nose and mouth, simply stepped back out of the creature's range.
Kane reached for his spear. The foul monster raised both arms in the air and let out a deep bellow. The odor that was released from its underarms and breath overpowered the muscular islander and Kane fell to one knee covering his face with his arms. Leo could no longer hold it down and sprawled into a nearby shrub. Their senses had succumbed to the sloth's filth. Grimey, however, felt differently. The rank foulness pushed him back several steps but he wasn't about to kneel to some filthy monster of the woods too lazy to properly swipe at him. Although his eyes watered and burned from the horrid stench, the bearded hunter's anger spurred him on. He drew his axe and charged. The sloth bellowed again sending a wave of putrid funk toward the hunter. Grimey held his breath, lunged, and swung away.
It didn't smell any better dead than alive but at least it couldn't aim the odor at the hunters anymore. Leo and Kane slowly struggled to their feet still covering their noses. Leo wore a face of defeat colored with shades of green. He breathed as though he took a blow to the stomach and walked with a limp. All three hunters hobbled away from the sloth's corpse grateful as the air grew more breathable with each step.
At late afternoon the following day the three hunters arrived at Quarry. Soon the many stone-workers Grimey often worked alongside of would begin their daily migration from Quarry Mountain back to their homes.
“Good to be home isn't it lads?” Grimey said. He glanced sideways at Leo and Kane realizing they didn't share his sentiment. But he didn't care. Leo, however did. The islander sensed Grimey would not easily leave his home to journey north with them. It would be a much longer trip than Port, and much more dangerous. It would take more than piquing Grimey's curiosity to get him to come along. And Leo had a sense that Grimey would be needed.
“Perhaps we'll stay for a few days before we head out.” Leo said. “I've always liked this town.”
Leo let the words hang for a moment and he could see the subtle change in Grimey's expression. The bearded hunter understood the hidden meaning.
He didn't want to talk about it though. He just got home and didn't want to think about leaving again. Not just yet. “Tell you what Leo -” Grimey began but his words were interrupted by shouting.
Scully was running towards them frantically waving his arms and shouting. The young hunter had his bow slung over his shoulders and his daggers holstered at his belt. Something wasn't right.
“Thank goodness you came back. Deadlings!” Scully said between gasps of air. “A whole pack of them. Small ones. And large ones. Attacking from the northwestern woods. Oh and welcome back!”
He didn't need to hear any more. Grimey took off running, Scully followed. They were out of sight in mere moments. Leo nodded at Kane. The muscular hunter drew his spear and the two islanders followed.

It looked like a pack of small, wide-eyed, furry white bunnies with bad attitudes bent on gnawing ankles off. They charged out of the woods. Mixed in with the adorable pack of ankle-biters were the larger, much uglier beasts that could bite off heads. Dozens of deadlings, small and large, had emerged from the treeline and encroached upon the grassy field near Quarry's trade pavilion.
Also on the field were Clyde and Smythe fighting to hold them off. Smythe, who had taken the forward position, cut down the small monsters with his sword, hacking and slashing two or three at a time. Occasionally a deadling would get at the hunter's ankle but would be quickly shaken off and punted away. Clyde hung back and sent arrows into the larger beasts to slow their lumbering advance. Not only were they uglier than their smaller counterparts, they were slower and clumsier too. He aimed for their legs and ribs. Some would topple over after being peppered with several arrows while others continued to limp their way closer to Smythe.
The two hunters were fighting well but slowly losing ground. Smythe was forced to back up as larger deadlings got near. Eventually, the two would get pushed back far enough that the pack of deadlings would make it beyond the pavilion and into the town streets where they could disperse and be really difficult to hunt down. The townspeople would have to bar themselves indoors while the hunters tracked down and killed each deadling. Warning the town and getting everybody indoors never goes smoothly either. Panic ensues and havoc has a way of slowing things down despite how frantically people move. Casualties would be inevitable. The hunters needed to push the deadlings back into the woods or kill them all while they were still in open ground.
Two larger deadlings emerged from the treeline and broke into a gallop aimed directly at Smythe. The hunter was busy with a swarm of small deadlings and never noticed the large ones coming his way. Clyde sent arrow after arrow targeting one of the large deadlings. His first arrow stuck into the beast's thigh. It stumbled but kept pushing forward. The next arrow landed in its ribs but Clyde's recurve bow didn't have enough power to penetrate deep into the large monster's hide. Again the beast stumbled but kept lumbering forward. Clyde's third arrow missed. He worked as quickly as he could to nock another arrow and sent it flying. It landed in the beast's ribs. The third wound was too much and the large dingy monster fell.
The second deadling, however, would be on top of Smythe in moments. Clyde nocked another arrow. There was only enough time for a single shot. It would have to be fatal, which would not be easy given the distance and speed at which the deadling was moving. Aiming at the deadling's neck, Clyde would have to carefully place an arrow that would puncture through to the monster's vertebrae and break its neck or sever a major artery. He exhaled and let the arrow fly. It sailed through the air and struck the deadling. The beast staggered and slowed but continued to press on. The arrow struck its side just above the front leg. It would be on top of Smythe, who was still dealing with a pack of ankle-biters and hadn't noticed the larger beast, before Clyde could take another shot.
Clyde was about about to shout a warning when he heard heavy footsteps approaching. A large blur thundered by.
“Watch out lad!” Grimey shouted as he heaved a hatchet at the charging deadling. The hatchet landed hard in the beast's neck. It crashed lifeless onto the ground mere feet away from Smythe, who gave a quick nod of thanks and went back to hacking away at the swarm of ankle-biters.
Grimey kept on running. He bypassed the smaller deadlings and went straight for the large ones further across the field. In mid-stride he drew his axe, tightened his grip, and raised the blade to strike. With a horizontal slash he split the face of one beast, transitioned to an overhead slash and brought his blade down on the skull of another. One charge, two beasts dead. And Grimey was only getting started.
The bearded hunter didn't let his axe rest. It became a whirling blade of death for any beast, large or small, that came near it. The weapon had enough distance to strike larger deadlings while keeping their jaws out of range and a wide sweep could take out half a dozen small deadlings if they were unfortunate enough to get close.
Scully joined Clyde and both archers sent arrows flying toward the larger deadlings that maneuvered toward Smythe. With all four hunters in the mix the deadlings' numbers quickly dwindled. Grimey had taken out four large deadlings. The rest of the dingy beasts hesitated and began backing off. They may be monsters but they weren't completely mindless. The hunters were pushing the monsters back into the woods and were close to claiming victory. That is until a huge wave of deadlings emerged from the treeline. Dozens more poured onto the grass field and charged for the hunters. Scully hesitated at the sight. Clyde wiped beads of sweat from his brow and reached for another arrow.
Grimey saw the wave of deadlings. He clenched his teeth, tightened his grip on his axe, and charged at the beasts. Once again his blade went to work. Scully watched in awe at the bearded hunter's ferocity. Grimey smashed through the first deadling he met and then left another dead on the ground. However his advance was stifled when the large beasts encircled him. Grimey had to go on the defensive and used the length of his axe to keep the beasts at bay.
Smythe kept working on the smaller deadlings, which for some reason all flocked to him. The ankle-biters swarmed in numbers but weren't able to topple the hunter. Smythe kept his sword moving and kicked away any rabid fur balls that got close. Scully and Clyde provided cover fire by launching arrows at the larger beasts that turned in Smythe's direction.
Their strategy was good. Smythe and Grimey fought close-range with their blades while the archers kept their distance. But the deadlings were too great in number and Clyde was running low on arrows. The hunters began to lose ground again and Grimey was on the defensive. He hadn't killed a deadling in several minutes. No less than three large deadlings constantly surrounded the bearded hunter with snapping jaws and swiping forelegs. With agility rare for a man his size, he evaded every attack and countered with his axe. However, the counter strikes only managed to back up the beasts and occasionally slice open a small gash. It was not sufficient enough to deliver a fatal blow. Eventually he would tire. Eventually all the hunters would tire.
Watching the scene develop, Scully filled with worry. Then he felt a presence next to him and from the corner of his eye he saw that Leo had joined them.
“Keep covering Smythe.” The islander said to the young hunter. “Clyde, conserve your arrows. Double up on the large ones if they get near Smythe. Kane, get in there.”
The muscular hunter, who Scully had not noticed was standing just behind them, charged into the melee with his spear in hand. The weapon was ideal for handling the larger deadlings. It had plenty of range and could deliver a lethal thrust while maintaining a safe distance. Once in the fray he thrust his spear into a large deadling's neck then turned to face four more. He lunged and thrust his spearhead into the neck of another deadling while the other three moved to encircled him. Kane used his spear to keep his distance and was able to get a stab in here and there but, much like Grimey, he could only keep the beasts at bay once surrounded. More deadlings joined the fray and Kane was now fending off six of the sallow monsters.
“They've surrounded him. He needs help!” Scully cried. The young hunter aimed his bow at the crowd of deadlings but a hand gently guided his bow back toward where Smythe was.
“Easy young one.” Leo said. “He's just herding them for me.”
Only then did Scully notice it. Not an ounce of worry was present on either Leo or Kane's face. Kane dodged their bites and backpedaled, then circled and swung his spear causing the deadlings to move sideways to avoid the strike. This repeated over and over. Kane moved in a spiral pattern and corralled the deadlings so the majority of the monsters were between he and Leo.
It only took a few moments for the dance to unfold and Leo swiftly reached for the massive longbow slung over his shoulder. In the same fluid movement he took an arrow from his quiver between two fingers and nocked it on the bowstring. He moved with a grace unseen to Scully's young eyes. It was as though the bow was an extension of Leo's very being.
This was also the first time Scully got a good look at Leo's longbow. It was much larger than the recurve bows he and Clyde used. Even the arrows were thicker, longer, and made of more durable wood. The draw weight of Leo's longbow combined with larger bolts packed enough of a punch to put down a large deadling in a single shot and Leo did not hesitate to take advantage of this. Three arrows were let loose from the longbow in as many seconds and in the blink of an eye three deadlings fell dead. Scully watched in amazement as Leo calmly picked his targets. With each thwack of the longbow an adult deadling fell. Within moments there were no more deadlings surrounding Kane. Leo didn't miss a single shot.
Grimey had unknowingly put himself in the same position Kane had. The bearded hunter was surrounded by deadlings but the majority of the beasts were between him and Leo. He held them off with large sweeping arcs of his axe occasionally having to sidestep away from a set of jaws. He was still able to draw blood every now and then but, as before, none of the attacks were fatal. However, he knew he was slowly chipping away at the monsters. Each deadling surrounding him wore bloody cuts. Grimey no longer worried about tiring out for he was confident that the monsters would bleed out before he slowed from fatigue. Just a matter of time and careful patience. Eventually they would slow enough so one aggressive charge would finish them off.
But he wouldn't need to wait.
From somewhere in the distance three loud thwacks in rapid succession rang out and large arrows sprouted from three deadlings. They fell leaving only one standing. Grimey took the opportunity and lunged, abandoning all caution. His axe made quick work of the dingy beast. Across the field Leo checked himself just in time to keep the fourth arrow on his bowstring. He anticipated Grimey's aggression and slowed his fourth shot. Good thing too because the speed at which Grimey moved would have put him in the arrow's path.
Leo's bow made quick work of the large deadlings. He fired two or three arrows at a time then moved to a better position, steadily circling the melee. Grimey and Kane maneuvered themselves to stand back-to-back and were able to fight the larger deadlings one-on-one. Much easier than taking on several at a time and with the two of them together the deadlings wouldn't be able to envelope them so easily. Meanwhile Smythe had taken care of the majority of the smaller ankle-biters with the help of Clyde and Scully.
The number of deadlings quickly dwindled. The small ankle-biters had scattered back into the woods. The larger deadlings turned to retreat only to be met by a volley of arrows. By this time Leo had positioned himself between the fray and the treeline in anticipation of the monster's retreat. Deadling after deadling fell until only one remained. It bared its teeth and charged straight for Leo. The islander set his bow on the ground and reached for the elegantly curved sword at his hip. He crouched low, his hand hovering just above the hilt as the beast closed the distance.
It was over in an instant. All Grimey saw was a blur of movement and a flash of silver. The next thing he saw was Leo standing over the beast's head. The rest of its body was several feet away, awkwardly collapsed on the ground. The curved blade of Leo's sword gleamed in the sunlight. It didn't have a single drop of blood on it. Leo sheathed his sword, gathered up his bow, and calmly walked back toward the others.

-** --*

Chapter 17

Later that evening Smythe, Clyde, and Grimey sat at their usual table at the White Rock Tavern silently drinking their ale. Usually the three would celebrate a successful hunt, however the fact that they had to defend Quarry to such a degree had the hunters concerned and wearing grim faces. There was nothing jovial about the atmosphere save for Scully who, being too young to enjoy ale, drank a glass of lukewarm water. The young hunter understood the deadling attack was very out of the ordinary and oddly aggressive but he and the others fought them off. The town was safe and Scully was ecstatic to have taken part. First the kingpin hunt, now he helped fend off a deadling attack. He couldn't help but wear a large grin.
It was Clyde who finally broke the silence
“So Grimey, how does it feel to be the traveler for a change?” He purposely avoided talking about the deadling attack.
“Meh.” Grimey said with a shrug and a gulp of ale.
“Something's different.” Smythe said. He leaned forward inspecting the bearded hunter. It was the first chance the three hunters had a chance to speak since Grimey returned from Port. It was unprecedented for Grimey to travel. For as long as the others knew him, Grimey had only ventured as far as Woodlawn Village. After a brief moment Smythe's nostrils flared then his nose crinkled. “You stink.”
Grimey went on to tell his friends about the sloth. He didn't realize the stench had clung to him since he never actually touched the beast. The hunter sniffed his own sleeve and quickly recoiled. Even after fighting off the deadlings the wretched sloth's stench still clung to him. He scowled at the memory of its foulness and resented the fact that he now carried it.
“How close did the sloth come to landing on you?” Smythe asked. He was familiar with sloths from his trade expeditions and had learned to follow his nose and find the path of least foulness when navigating through Slothern Woods. “That's their ambush. Fall and try to crush you upon landing.”
“It landed about a foot in front of me.” Grimey said.
“Hey that's pretty close. They usually miss me by several feet the few times they do get the drop on me. I usually back up and throw a knife at them. Lazy beasts barely move. It's like target practice. Plus you avoid the smell better. Or you could just walk around them. Did you kill it or just avoid the thing?” Smythe knew Grimey well enough to know the bearded hunter would not take the easy route and evade the sloth. Grimey would have killed it, as any diligent hunter should.
“Used my axe.” Grimey pointed at the weapon still strapped to his back. “That stench. I just wanted the thing dead quickly. Leo and Kane were too busy losing their lunch to do anything.”
“His name is Kane huh?” Clyde chimed in. “Where are your traveling buddies anyway?”
Grimey explained how the islanders were setting up camp in the woods. Leo preferred his own camp to an inn. “He's got something about stars. Stares at them every night. Leo, that is.”
“Do you know what those black marks are?” Clyde asked.
“They're called tater – I mean tattoos. They move. Flow around his skin when his eyes glow.”
Smythe, Clyde, and even Scully gave a confused, incredulous look. Grimey realized he'd have to explain.
“I don't know how he does it but the lad can make his eyes glow. When that happens those marks – the tattoos – look like black rivers flowing on his skin. Odd stuff. His eyes glow because of the tattoos and the tattoos flow because his eyes glow. I don't really get it.”
“Why does that happen? I mean, what does it do?” Clyde asked.
“Makes him shoot better. His bow, that is. Lad says he doesn't miss when his eyes are glowing. Sees things better, steady hand, things like that. Beats me how, but he was able to tell the stone-stools apart from regular rocks.”
“Stone whats?” Clyde asked. Smythe filled in the gap.
“A stone-stool. It's a monster that looks just like a rock. About waist-high, looks like a nice seat except they don't like being sat on. They bite. For as many times as I've traveled those roads I still can't tell them apart from normal rocks.”
“Yeah. Well, Leo can see their faces when his eyes glow.” Grimey said.
Clyde and Scully were silent, unsure to believe what Grimey was telling them. At the market Leo had swiftly killed an adult deadling with an amazingly accurate bow-shot. Clyde remembered it well because he had never seen anything like it before. Then earlier that day Leo had demonstrated skill and accuracy with the bow unlike anything they've ever heard of. Not once did either of them notice any glowing eyes. To think the islander could become more lethal with a bow was far-fetched. Not to mention the whole glowing eyes and flowing tattoo part.
“Rocks with faces and glowing eyes huh? Ok.” Smythe wasn't so convinced. He remained skeptical. There was no way anybody, glowing eyes or not, could tell a stone-stool apart from a rock.
The tavern doors opened giving way to Kane and Leo. The two had washed up since the deadling attack. Kane wore black pants and a clean white shirt with short sleeves that showed off the tattoos on his arms. They looked like black thorny vines wrapped around his biceps. Leo was in all black. His shirt sleeves came to his elbow, exposing the part of the tattoo on his right forearm that curved like a blade to the base of his thumb. The tattoo over his right eye gleamed like polished coal in the tavern's firelight.
Kane, as usual, grabbed a mug of ale from the bar then immediately found a table in the corner to drink in solemn solitude. Leo unslung his longbow from his shoulder and joined the Quarry hunters. Scully sat upright at Leo's presence. The young hunter was awestruck at the islander. The way Leo shot his bow was simply amazing. Such speed, such accuracy. Scully had never seen anything like it. Neither had any of the other hunters for that matter but they didn't show their amazement as eagerly as Scully did.
“That was amazing Leo.” Scully said. “I've never seen anybody shoot a bow like that.”
Leo nodded his thanks at Scully, then turned his attention to the others at the table. The islander had some pressing matters on his mind.
“Do deadlings usually attack so aggressively and in such numbers?” Leo asked.
“Nope.” Grimey answered. “Never seen an attack like that before.” Clyde nodded agreement.
“Has anything unusual happened lately? Some kind of event or accident?” Leo asked.
The three Quarry hunters, and Scully, contemplated the question. Clyde was the first to speak.
“It was harvest season. Usually the banshees start acting up around this time of year but we already took care of the kingpin.”
“Large kingpin.” Grimey recalled. “Largest I've ever seen.” This seemed to pique Leo's interest.
“There was also the new monster we found in the woods.” Smythe added. “The angry little thing.” Smythe was careful not to mention Woodlawn Village to the islander. He did not easily reveal the small secluded village to anybody, especially islanders he had only been acquainted with during the times they passed through town. He found Leo's interest in their hunting exploits suspicious as well.
Smythe's animosity toward the islanders didn't end there either. In recent days a trade opportunity came up. One that he could easily profit from. But going would mean leaving Clyde alone to guard Quarry. Given the way things had been going lately with the monsters, that wasn't something Smythe could do. Regardless, he was miffed at the missed opportunity for some extra coin. Winter was coming and one could never have too much stocked up for the cold season. The hunter blamed Leo for taking Grimey away.
Leo ignored Smythe's irritation. His mind was focused on the news he was learning about. He had heard about the kingpin and the new monster on his previous visits to Quarry. What was news to him was the size of the kingpin and the ferocity of the new monster. The feeling that somehow everything that had happened was connected with the destruction of Northern island remained. 
“Something must be happening to stir the beasts so violently.” Leo said.
“Like what?” Smythe asked not bothering to mask his incredulity. “It's not like monsters have some kind of messenger telling them all to attack at the same time.”
“What if they do?” Leo said. A spark of an idea struck in the islander's head. “Well, not a messenger exactly but something else. Something that can influence all of them. Much like how your kingpins can influence the banshees. Did you tell them about Northern?”
“No.” Grimey said.
The bearded hunter went on to tell the others how Northern Island was destroyed. Smythe, Clyde and Scully marveled at how an entire island could be washed away by a giant wave. Something so powerful was inconceivable to them but the explanation of a wave being generated by a mountain falling into the ocean, as unfathomable as it was, made sense. It was the simplest explanation.
“I believe this event is tied to what is causing the monsters to act so aggressively.” Leo said. His words sparked everybody's curiosity.
Leo went on to iterate his suspicions about a great monster from the time of Orion awakening. He told about the prophecy that eerily fits with the disaster of Northern Island and gives a clue to the monster awakening in the far north at Iyre Mountian. Then about the suspicion that an extremely powerful monster could influence many monsters across great distances. Kill the one beast and the rest will back off. Leave it be and chaos will ensue.
Heavy silence fell upon the table. Whether or not they bought into Leo's theory was unknown but the islander examined everyone. The willingness in Clyde to believe something that could bring relative peace back to his home. After today's deadling attack he was more open to new ideas. The youthful wonderment of Scully. He didn't fully understand what was happening but the young man was eager for a hunter's life. Grimey was tougher to read behind his beard but his eyes showed determination. Then there was Smythe. He sat back in his chair, arms folded across his chest, the doubt and skepticism on his face was all too clear. He would not like the next part of Leo's plan, which he purposely left out. It was the part about getting Grimey to travel north. Leo hoped he had said enough so the bearded hunter would persuade himself to travel some more.
Leo waited patiently for somebody to break the silence. No surprise it was Smythe, the obvious skeptic, who spoke first.
“Don't you think it's a bit foolish? I mean Iyre Mountain? Nobody goes up there. Do you even know the way?” Smythe asked.
“Yes, my route is mapped out.” Leo answered.
“What is it then? Where will you go?”
“Northwest beyond the Woodlawns keeping close to the Ursa mountains until we reach the Greenwater River where we will follow it east to its namesake town. There's a ferry there. We will cross the river. Then it's north across the Windy Pass, through the Tunnel of Lights, and further north to Iyre Mountain.”
Smythe was a little taken aback at Leo's knowledge of the land. He slowly nodded agreement although he had never been further north than Greenwater Town. He had only heard of the Windy Pass and had no idea what the Tunnel of Lights was. What he did know was the far northwestern region of Arlynd where Iyre Mountain stood was only known as the Northern Wastes. It was supposedly an uninhabitable land that no man had ventured to in known recent history.
Although he knew little of those areas, Smythe would not let his ignorance show and kept his eyes narrow. For the parts he did know, it was certainly the wisest path. Most would be tempted to travel due north to Greenwater Town but that leads through the Weeds, a long stretch of grasslands where the grass is head-high at its shortest. Many travelers had been swallowed up and lost in the high grass. Few ever found their way out.
No matter though, so what if Leo knew the land well enough to plan such a journey. The Quarry hunter still didn't believe the prophecy. All nonsense. But if the two islanders wanted to gallivant across Arlynd for whatever reason that was their business. It didn't affect him at all. That is until Grimey spoke up.
“I'm going with them.” Grimey said.
If the silence before was heavy, this one was immovable. Clyde's shoulders slumped as though the wind had been kicked out of him and Scully sank in his seat. Smythe, however, didn't stay quiet long. He bolted upright, wide-eyed.
“What!” his voice almost a yell. “You can't leave! The monsters are acting in a way we've never seen. While you were gone the banshees swarmed again and they didn't even have a kingpin. Took two days to get them back in the woods and McGrady lost some livestock. Not just crops, but livestock! Then there's the deadlings. They've been attacking along the roads leading from town to the white mountain like they were guarding it. Their numbers have been growing as though they were preparing for an assault, which they did. Today! You were there!”
Grimey only nodded. His decision would not be met with praise, he knew, but it was his decision to make and he made it.
“Our hands have been full. We need you. It's only getting worse.” Smythe said. “Why leave us, your home, when it's under constant attack?”
Grimey took a swig from his mug. “For all the things you just said, lad. If the islander is right, if killing one monster will calm the rest of them. They made it clear they want my help. You saw how good they are. They wouldn't ask for help unless they were certain they'd need it. Besides, if there is a great beast, Leo suspects it's only just now waking and I say it'll be easier to kill the damn thing while it's yawning.” Grimey took another gulp from his mug and slammed it on the table. The matter was closed.
The contempt on Smythe's face didn't fade one bit but he kept his mouth shut.
“Okay Grimey.” Clyde said. “Go on. We'll have our hands full but we'll keep Quarry safe while you're away. Just don't stay away for too long.”
Smythe scoffed. Without a word he stood and left.
Leo relaxed in his seat. Grimey had made the argument for him and things unfolded quite favorably for the islander. The last part of his plan, which was to get Grimey to join he and Kane, had fallen nicely into place. “It's settled then.” He said. “We have a long way to go. It will be weeks before we return but return we will. I promise. Our journey begins tomorrow.” Leo originally planned to stay in Quarry for a few days but now thought it best to leave as soon as possible. He didn't want to risk any further tension from Smythe nor risk Grimey changing his mind.
Sensing that all conversation was over, Clyde rose to leave. Once more, Leo quickly observed the hunter. Clyde was worried but there was hope in his eyes. The Quarry hunter gave a respectful nod to Leo and slapped Grimey on the back before exiting.
Scully and Grimey didn't move from their seats. Leo now saw anguish in Grimey's eyes. The bearded hunter did not come to his decision lightly. He would miss Quarry and constantly worry about his home. As he should, Leo thought.
“One thing lad.” Grimey said, leaning forward in his seat. “Can we stay out of the river?” Leo raised an eyebrow. “I don't much care for water.”
“We will have to cross the river at some point.” Leo said. “The ferry at Greenwater is sturdy. It'll keep us quite dry.”
Grimey seemed little eased by that. Leo didn't really know if the ferry was sturdy as it had been sometime since he visited Greenwater but Grimey needed whatever assurance could be given.
“What do you think of all this young one?” Leo asked Scully, who only shrugged. “Oh come now, there must be much on your mind. It's all right to speak.”
“Well.” Scully began. “I never really thought the great monsters to be real. I just thought they were made up to make Orion's life seem more, I don't know, amazing.”
“Most people think the same. Do you think I might be wrong?”
“Well...” Scully searched for the words to say. “I guess you've traveled more than the rest of us and hunted around more places so you probably know things we don't. And like Grimey said, if the monster is real, better to get it early. Worth a shot I think. But what do you think this monster is?”
“Do you remember the stories of Orion?” Leo asked, Scully nodded. “What did he hunt?”
Scully's brow furrowed as the youngster thought. “I remember a ghost demon. Then there was a dragon. Then some big animal. Oh and the Kraken. And there was that rabbit, but he never got that one.”
“It could be any of those. Well, probably not the rabbit or the Kraken. The rabbit wasn't actually a monster and the Kraken is still alive. I think whatever is rising was once hunted and is now somehow coming back.” Leo said.
“You mean the bookworm doesn't know?” Grimey said. His voice was flat and it was difficult for Leo to tell if he was teasing or chiding.
“The records only mention how Orion hunted the beasts and saved entire regions from their terror. It doesn't mention anything about them returning.” Leo answered.
“Ok then lad, fair enough. But let's be clear on something. I don't agree with your ideas about all this. And I don't like leaving Quarry. Just better safe than sorry, that's all. It's asking a lot of the other two to handle everything that's been going on here all on their own.”
At this, Scully turned toward Grimey, “I'll keep an eye on Clyde and Smythe and help out. I may not shoot as good as Leo but I'll do my part.” Grimey eyed the youngster for a moment then smiled with a nod. Ever since the young hunter took part in the kingpin hunt he took his role as a hunter more seriously. He practiced with his weapons more. He spoke more easily with the rest of them. He even walked a little taller. The boy had changed. Maybe the town would be okay. Scully turned back to Leo, “How do you shoot like that anyway?”
Leo, sensing that Grimey had said what he needed to say and that it was time to leave, slung his longbow over his shoulder as he stood. “My mentor told me once: an archer will practice until he can hit a target. A hunter will practice until he never misses.”

-** --*

Chapter 18

A stutter caught his eye. Senses blared with alarm but there was nothing. No movement in the tall grass in front of him. No movement in the treeline behind. No sounds were out of place and no foreign aromas were in the air. But the stutter was obvious. Something had made Grimey hesitate and Leo couldn't figure out why.
“This is it lads. My next step will be the farthest away from Quarry I've been.” Or at least for as long as Grimey had lived there. Leo gave a smile. Kane simply shrugged and held his palms up presenting the road ahead. Grimey got the message: that's great, keep going.
For the past few days the three hunters had been traveling north through the Woodlawns. It was easy going. Grimey hacked away at the occasional deadling. Leo picked off the occasional banshee. Kane spoke not a word the whole time. Every night Leo would find a patch of sky through the canopy of the oaks and ironwoods to gaze skyward. For the most part it was easy traveling but with each step Grimey grew a little more anxious with the growing distance between he and his home. Leo noticed this and helped spot any deadlings for the burly hunter to go after. It kept him from dwelling on home while Leo led the way through the woods.
The trio had since traveled north-west beyond the Woodlawns. Their road then headed north alongside the base of the Ursa Mountains. On occasion Grimey had spotted the mountain range in the distance when cutting rock from Quarry Mountain but he never thought too much about it. The Ursas loomed in a haze across the horizon like any mountains would.  But now that he was close to them he saw what kind of behemoths the Ursas really were. Frost covered the lower regions while snow blanketed everything above. That is, everything that was visible. The mountains reached so far up the peaks were lost above a permanent blanket of clouds. Undoubtedly the peaks were frost-bitten as well. The behemoth mountains brought the cold air from high up down to their level and chilled the surrounding air. Grimey could see his own breath every time he exhaled.
Their camp that night was chilly, to say the least. Grimey had never experienced such cold. It permeated his skin and worked its way to the bone. It's not that the bearded hunter had never experienced snow or frost. Quarry reached freezing temperatures in the winter and the town would often be covered in a powdery white blanket. But this cold was a chill like none other. The air didn't necessarily feel cold but the chill in the breeze passed right through to his core. It was an odd sensation to feel cold from the inside.
“It's the Ursa Mountains.” Leo said. He had noticed Grimey rubbing his hands together to no avail. “Their peaks reach higher than all other mountains. The air up high is different. It's called the chill. Sometimes the air moves just so that a wind will carry the chill from above down here. It's the only time you feel cold come from within. No coat or fur will help. The only thing you can do is get near a fire and hope the flames are benevolent enough to give you warmth.”
“And if that doesn't work?” Grimey asked.
“Deal with it.” Kane said. The muscular hunter was striking a flint. Sparks leaped onto a small pile of leaves and twigs, which caught fire after being showered with a few waves of sparks. Grimey noticed that as he shivered the two islanders seemed fine.
With a fire burning and a hot meal served, the three settled in for the night. Luckily for Grimey, the breeze from the Ursas had died down and the hunters enjoyed the warmth of the meal and the flames. Grimey had prepared a stew. Kane had grown quite fond of the herbs and spices the bearded hunter added for flavor. McGrady had provided Grimey with plenty of aromatics, dried meat and vegetables perfect for travel. 
“So Grimey.” Leo said. Grimey was too busy chomping on a piece of meat to look up so he responded with a grunt. “I remember you thought our tattoos were fake scars. It's had me wondering about the real one across your eye. How did you get it?”
“Theresa.” Grimey said it automatically. A reaction without forethought. His eyes cast downward and his shoulders slumped. Something about that name had triggered a memory, Leo figured, and it must have been a painful memory. A heavy silence followed broken only by the slop of Grimey's chewing. Lines appeared across his brow as he scowled inwardly at whatever thoughts ran through his mind.
“Who is Theresa?” Leo asked kindly.
“She's gone.” Grimey said after another moment of silence. The bearded hunter didn't raise his head and continued eating his supper. He didn't want to talk about it any further. Leo got the hint.
The breeze returned that night, much to Grimey's dismay, and it was the first night he spent feeling cold from within. The air felt crisp, cool, and seemed deceptively comfortable but yet he shivered and his teeth chattered. The inside of the hunter's chest felt frozen as shock waves of cold coursed through his body with every breath. Warm thoughts didn't help either. Summertime, hot soups and stews, piping hot cider. Nothing did the trick. Even the crackling fire did nothing. He was frozen from within. Benevolent fire, he thought, what a joke.
The other two slept soundly near the fire. It made no sense how comfortable they looked. Couldn't they tell how cold it was? Grimey squirmed his way a few inches closer to the flames. Their orange arms waved and flung sparks in the air like confetti. Even the fire mocked the chilled hunter. All he could do was gaze into those tormenting flames as they danced. Maybe if he didn't think about anything he'd forget the cold and be able to rest. Grimey rolled over and cleared his mind.
Theresa.
Like a thunderclap the thought of her burst into his conscious. He tossed and turned but no matter how much he tried to clear his mind the thought of her remained. For years that particular memory rested dormant in the back of the hunter's mind but for the first time in a long while he saw her image, heard her laugh, and remembered. She's the reason why he committed his life to hunting. The reason why he swore to keep those he cared for safe. Why he vowed to keep Quarry safe.
Quarry.
The thought of home entered the hunter's mind as he rolled over and stared at the campfire. The orange light grew brighter and soon it was all the hunter could see. Everything else left his vision. Those dancing flames was all he knew. It reminded him of his forge. The hot coals heating steel until it glowed yellow and became malleable. The ringing of hammer strikes rhythmically shaping and strengthening the metal. Dripping sweat for hours on end in the hot workshop crafting his weapons just the way he wanted them. Custom designs, sharpened edges, weapons perfectly balanced for the bearded hunter's hands. The tools of his trade. The weapons used to protect and defend his people from the beasts that would disrupt their livelihood.
Memories glided through Grimey's head as he gazed into the flames. A small smile formed beneath his beard. Without realizing it, the hunter had grown warm. His head rested softly on the ground and his eyes closed easily. The hunter's breathing became steady and rhythmic.
Even as he dozed a steady clang continued to echo deep within Grimey's mind. The sound was mesmerizing, rhythmically piercing through the black abyss of sleep. Then a faint orange glow emerged from the darkness. It quickly brightened and in moments all was a bright orange. Then just as suddenly all was black. Clang! Then bright orange once again rushed in only to crash back to black. Clang!
The clanging sound became less of an echo and grew more focused. Grimey found himself back in his workshop hammering a heated bar of metal. The orange glow was fading to a dull red. The hunter shoved the metal into his forge. In a few moments the bar would heat back up to a bright yellow-orange and turn malleable enough to be shaped by his hammer. The process would have to be repeated several times. Hours of hard labor would pass until the blade would be shaped and ready to be sharpened. But it would be worth it. The final axe would be sharp, polished, balanced, and perfect. It would cut down many a beast before going dull. The hunter smiled.
All went black again. An image of a green field emerged. A small single-room cabin stood about one hundred meters away from the treeline in the background. A half-built wall protruded from the back of the cabin. Saws, hammers, and lumber scattered the ground. A little way across the field was a barn surrounded by a small farm and a fenced area to keep in a livestock of pigs, sheep, and cows. A man was working in the farm. He wore dirt-stained overalls and sweat dripped from his brow. He looked up and waved with a smile. It was McGrady, but a much younger McGrady.
“Ouch!” A boy stepped out from from behind the half-built wall. He looked to be in his early teens, tall and broad shouldered the boy was built like a grown man with stubble shadowing his youthful face. He held a hammer and was sucking his thumb. The boy looked up and quickly took the thumb away from his mouth and grinned. “Sorry sis. Was driving a nail and missed.”
“Are you okay?” The voice was soft, gentle, and clear as a blue sky. There was nobody else there but the boy, who simply smiled and went back to work chopping lumber with a small hand-axe.
The scene blurred and morphed into another. It was the same field near the same cabin. More of the wall was built but the ground was just as cluttered. A shadow passed over him and he looked up to see a swarm of banshees overhead. A larger banshee swooped down for him. Grimey tried to run but his legs felt short and they didn't move quickly. He cried for help and the voice of a young girl came out. The same young boy from before, his stubble a little thicker, ran out from the back of the cabin but it was too late.
Grimey felt the banshee's claws tear into him. They scratched and tore at him until they found their grip. He cried out and a shrill scream of a little girl came out. The banshee flapped its wings wildly and began lifting him into the air. Grimey struggled to get free and managed to break away from the banshee's claws. But he didn't fall to the ground. The banshee caught him by the ankles and he dangled helplessly upside down. He felt something grab at his arm. The stubbly boy was trying to pull Grimey back to the ground but he couldn't get a good grip. The banshee flew sporadically shaking wildly. He felt the boy's hand close around his wrist but then slip away. Grimey desperately flailed his arms to grab hold of something. He felt his fingernail catch on something just before the banshee broke free. Grimey rose away from the ground helpless to get free. Below he saw the stubbly boy chasing after him holding a hand-axe.
Everything faded black once again. When an image formed Grimey found himself rushing through a thick wood with a small axe in hand. Instantly he realized his beard had been replaced with stubble and his body was that of a young teen. A trickle of blood blurred the vision in his right eye and he felt the warm liquid run down the side of his face.
The sound of flapping wings came from behind. He glanced back and saw a swarm of banshees chasing after him but they couldn't keep up while having to weave around the trees. A scream rang out from up ahead spurring Grimey to double his efforts. He ran as fast as his legs could carry him leaving the swarm behind.
He chased after the scream, darting around trees and leaping over logs to find where the sound came from. He entered a clearing. A small girl laid at the center bleeding from lacerations in her back and ankles. She laid on her belly, her curly brown hair hid her face. Standing above the small girl was a large banshee with bright green eyes, its talons and fangs stained red. The beast looked up and saw Grimey. It flared its wings showing off its massive wingspan and let out an ear shattering shriek. Grimey instantly filled with rage. An uncontrollable surge of anger coursed through the hunter. With all his might he hurled the small axe at the monster, catching it in the neck. The force of the throw sent the large banshee hurling backward. It fell to the ground dead.
Grimey rushed to the girl, falling to his knees beside her. He went to pick her up but stopped as soon as he touched her. The girl was still. Her skin was pale. He didn't need to turn her over. She was lifeless and he couldn't bare to see her eyes that way. Tears welled up in Grimey's eyes, mixing with the blood in his right eye. Overwhelmed and exhausted, he collapsed.
When he came to Grimey was in the same clearing but it was empty. The large banshee and the small girl were gone. Grimey also had his full beard again and was his normal self. It was nighttime. Was this still a dream? He wasn't sure. The full moon shone overhead and something red glowed in the trees. The hunter tried to move closer but vines lunged from the ground and wrapped around his legs. The hunter kicked and struggled but couldn't move at all. He was stuck.
The red glow grew brighter until a fiery red eye emerged from the trees floating above the ground. It burned a hot crimson heating the clearing and looked down at the hunter. It grew hotter and hotter until Grimey began to suffocate from the heat. The eye didn't blink or move. It just hovered in the air glaring at Grimey. Then he sensed something. He didn't hear it but rather felt it resonate from within like a vibration in his bones. A single word formulate in his mind: Arkadius.
Then all went black.

Grimey felt cool air caress his face and opened his eyes to morning. He found himself back at the campsite near the Ursa Mountains. The air was crisp and still, much more welcoming than the chilling breeze from the night before. He opened his eyes feeling remarkably refreshed although deeply disturbed. Leo and Kane sat across from him tending to a pot over a flame.
“I'm surprised you slept.” Leo said. “Tea?”
Grimey accepted it with a forced smile. The cup warmed his hands and the aroma was rejuvenating like he was inhaling a sunrise. A sunrise? Did he really think that? Grimey couldn't believe he actually did. Sleeping in the chill must have really done a number on him.
“Most succumb to the chill and shiver awake all night long.” Leo explained.
“Oh I was cold all right. Wasn't a thing I could do about it. That chill froze my bones. But then, I don't know. I just fell asleep.” Grimey shrugged and went to sip his tea but paused. A real smile formed behind his beard. The hunter remembered how Smythe had spiked his tea and fumbled around for his sword only to send a column of flame high into the air. To think, that was only days ago and now Grimey was further away from Quarry than he'd been in ages. How quickly things can change. He eyed his tea and could only hope it was spiked the same way Smythe's had been. He took a sip. Only herbal tea but still satisfying.
“You were looking into the fire weren't you? Remembered something, didn't you?” Leo gave a furtive smile and turned away to pack up for the day's journey. Grimey recalled his thoughts from the previous night. Glowing orange metal and a clanging hammer. He fell asleep thinking about working in his forge. Was there something else on his mind too? How did Leo know he was recalling a memory? The bearded hunter shrugged and drank the rest of his tea with the rising sun but couldn't help shake the feeling that there was something else he was thinking about last night. Then he remembered the dream with the burning red eye. There was also the flashback of Theresa and the day he got the scar across his eye. The same day he lost his sister.
His mood had grown dark. The scar across his eye burned as he remembered the day he failed to save Theresa and a deep pool of anger welled up within his chest. A scowl formed behind the thick beard and once again and with great effort, just as he had done all those years ago, Grimey pushed the memory to the back of his mind and forced himself not to think about it.

-** --*

Chapter 19

“We've got a rat problem.” Gus said in a raspy voice to the newcomers. “Blasted rodents scurrying about all crazy these days. They used to stay away from us but now they're causing trouble to traders and nearby roads. Soon enough they'll be in town.”
Gus was a short middle aged man with short cropped black hair that was graying on the sides. His face was heavily wrinkled and a quick straight line made up his mouth. A brawny build and calloused hands told he was more than just a bartender. His heavy eyes also told he was tired.
“Here you go. Two mugs. Your friend over there going to keep to himself?” Gus asked while handing a mug to a dark-skinned man with strange markings all over his arms and face. The man gave him a friendly smile and took a drink to his friend, who had similar black markings on his biceps. Curious folk those two, he thought. He wondered what they were doing with the burly man with an accent and full beard who stayed seated at the bar. Despite the large grin on his face at the sight of a full mug, the scar across the bearded ones eye made him look more menacing than the others, Gus thought.
“What kind of rats we talking about lad?” Grimey said after taking a long draught. Leo came back to the bar and took a seat on the stool next to him. Gus had never seen a man walk so smoothly across the floor. It was as if he glided more than stepped. The bartender also noticed the man no longer had a mug but the muscular man sitting alone was gulping away.
Gus eyed Grimey and the other two, taking stock of the newcomers. Particular interest was given to the weapons they carried. The muscular man drinking alone had a spear strapped to his back and a short blade at his hip. The slender one had a bow and quiver of arrows slung over his shoulder and a strangely curved sword sheathed at his hip. Then there was the bearded man who clearly had a thing for axes. The large one across his back along with a series of smaller axes slung to his belt and bandoleer strap.
Hunters.
They had to be hunters. Mercenaries don't sit at the bar or ask about rats. Mercenaries certainly don't smile either like the two men in front of him. Definitely hunters. Then something clicked in Gus's head and he turned to the dark-skinned man in front of him.
“You're Leo aren't you? The hunter from those islands in the eastern seas.” Leo nodded. Gus had heard of the island hunter who traveled around the to hunt. It dawned on him after watching the way Leo walked. Stories of the island hunter always mentioned how light-footed he was and his dark skin was fitting for somebody sailing in the sun a lot. “What brings you here? The rats or the ale?”
“Actually he brought me here.” Leo gestured toward Grimey. “The man insisted on stopping for a drink.” It had been easy traveling for Leo and the others since the night along the Ursa Mountains. From there they went north with a slight westerly bearing, leaving the mountains behind them, until they reached Greenwater River. From there it was a simple matter of following the river west until they reached Greenwater Town.
When they entered the town Leo had made it clear to Grimey that he didn't want their purpose known if it could be helped. He would prefer to avoid any ridicule and looks of doubt he so often received when talking about Orion and stories that have been cast into the realm of myth and childhood fantasy.
“Well I only brought them here because they want to go north.” Grimey just couldn't help himself despite Leo's earlier instructions. “Iyre Mountain to be exact. You heard of it? Some kind of red place. The lad here thinks some great monster Orion slayed long ago is really alive and waking up there. We're going to see if that's true and if so kill the thing.”
Gus nodded politely but couldn't completely hide a look of skeptical amusement from his eyes. Leo flushed with frustration. Grimey continued drinking from his mug as though nothing awkward happened at all. The bartender didn't want to offend his guests and, seeing Leo's embarrassment, put a serious look back on his face. Besides, it mattered little to him what their intentions were. What mattered was that three hunters had strolled into his tavern.
“Fine ale you got here.” Grimey said with a droplet clinging to his beard. “Reminds me of Borland's. I'll have another. So tell us about these rats.”
“Ah yes of course, didn't mean to slight you.” Gus said realizing he never answered Grimey's question earlier. “It's just I've heard of Leo, the island hunter, passing through these parts but never seen him pass through my bar before. Had me wondering if he's actually real. Now I suppose he is.”
Gus went on to explain the rats he had referred to were not normal rodents. They were mean, rabid, and a danger to whoever crossed their path. All this meant one thing to Grimey: monsters were attacking the town.
Greenwater Town was situated along its namesake river, which snaked through the landscape splitting the town in half. Grimey immediately noticed the division between the northern and southern banks when he, Leo, and Kane were approaching the modest river town. Dilapidated wooden buildings, many of which had discolored boards nailed to them as a means to patch up holes or reinforce a collapsing wall, made up the majority of the southern bank. A solitary small dock reached into the river. Tied to it were two small row boats that lazily floated in the mild current. The northern bank was a different story. Buildings constructed from carved travertine stone made up the neighborhoods and an occasional marble sculpture decorated cobblestone courtyards. Along the riverbank several docks extended directly from the sides of buildings. Judging by the signs, Grimey figured the buildings were eateries, taverns, and textile merchants. The docks were easy-access loading zones for trade vessels that sailed along the river.
Gus and his bar laid on the southern bank near the solitary dock. It was a run-down building, green paint chipped off of the walls and thin planks shingled the roof. A sign above the doorway had the word Upstream painted in red.
“Where are your hunters?” Leo asked.
“On the northern banks.” Gus answered.
“Are the rats an issue there as well?” Leo asked.
“Usually yes, but right now no.” Gus said. “The rats live on the northern banks but somehow they've been crossing the river. But they're the only things crossing the river. Our hunters don't come to our side often. Haven't come yet to help us.”
Grimey nearly choked on his ale. “What! Why aren't they helping?”
“Trade. Most business is done on the northern bank.” Leo said. “More profit, more influence.” Gus nodded, surprised at the hunter's knowledge of the town.
“The businessmen over there offer the hunters comfortable living quarters in order to protect their banks before ours. At first it was 'I'll get you nicer weapons' then it was 'I'll give you a bigger home' and so on. There were some who refused at first but over time all the hunters migrated to the northern bank. Only cross over when we send a messenger for help and even that can take a while. The businessmen don't like having them gone, even if just for a short while. And they refuse to ferry the hunters across the river when they do want to cross. I have to use my own boat to ferry them. Protecting their profits is what matters most to the northern bank.” Gus was beginning to turn red in the face as he explained the northern bank's disposition.
“Reminds me of Rocky.” Grimey said to himself. Leo and Gus shot him a curious glance so he explained. “Hot shot farmer in Quarry. Controls most of the trade and farm money. Hires lots of outsiders so he doesn't have to do any real work. People don't like him. Envy his easy life.”
“Well we're not jealous we're pissed!”
“Hey we're here.” Grimey said. “We can kill a few rodents before continuing on north.”
“The southern bank would be grateful. And if it's north you're heading I'll ferry you across the river myself when the deed's done.” Gus said sternly. He was all business though inwardly the bartender smiled, grateful for a hunter's help.

Mid afternoon, the sky was clear save an occasional white wisp of cloud. The sun beamed high overhead sending rays of warmth onto the banks of Greenwater River. Along the southern bank the three hunters walked with weapons in hand keeping a keen eye for rats. While Grimey didn't know exactly what the monster rats looked like he could make a reasonable guess. He figured they would be large oversized vermin with gnarly front teeth.
“Can you believe that?” Grimey couldn't get over it. “Hunters leaving part of their home unprotected. Blasted people, call themselves hunters. Where are we going anyway?”
“Gus said the rats are somewhere east of town.” Leo said.
The three hunters followed the southern riverbank east. They were a little outside of town. The river's water was, unsurprisingly, green. Not a putrid green but a soft green brought on by the plants and algae in the water. The weather was mild. An occasional breeze passed by but nothing more. The banks were mostly bare too. Not much vegetation lined the waters save for the grass they walked on. Just a few scattered trees and shrubs a little ways inland from the water.
 If I were a pack of monster rats, where would I be? Grimey repeated this to himself over and over while scanning the landscape. His eyes fixed on some shrubs a ways away from the riverbank. They were thicker and larger than the other shrubs in the area. There, that's were I'd be.
Axe in hand, Grimey neared the shrubs as Leo and Kane followed behind. The bearded hunter stopped. He listened. The air was slow with only a soft rustling of leaves. It smelled moist with a hint of fish and algae on account of the river being nearby. In the gentle breeze the shrubs swayed easily in unison. Then he caught it. A movement in the leaves inconsistent with the rest. So subtle that many would believe it was nothing but Grimey's trained eye and experience knew better. He tightened his grip and braced for a large monstrous rat with blood-thirsty fangs to jump out. Or maybe several of them. The rustling increased and a whole portion of leaves shook violently. Something was coming. But then suddenly it stopped. Nothing appeared. No oversized rodent. No claws. No fangs. Nothing. Where was it, Grimey thought.
Then he noticed a small brown rodent no larger than a regular rat had crawled out of the shrub. It sniffed and scurried along the grass. The bearded hunter was taken aback, disappointed and slightly miffed at the sight of the so-called monster. It looked no different from everyday vermin. Grimey casually walked up to the rat and raised a foot to stomp it out. What he failed to notice was how urgently Leo had reacted and drawn his bow.
“Grimey wait -”
Too late. There was a loud pop and Grimey was sent sailing through the air and landed hard on his back. The bearded hunter, wide-eyed, swallowed back the pain and rolled onto his side. What happened? All he knew was the soreness in his back and neck and remnants of fur and gore on his right boot. Before he could think more upon it there was more rustling from the shrub and another rat scurried out. This time Grimey noticed its bright red eyes. They were locked right on him. It ran under Leo's legs and went straight for Grimey. Froth poured from its mouth, its eyes bulged out of their sockets. Grimey reached out and snatched up the rodent. It writhed uncontrollably in his hand. He tossed the rat into the air and...Pop!
“Whoa! Did you see that? The little vermin exploded!” Grimey said. Excited, Grimey leaped to his feet and dove into the shrub before Leo or Kane could react to stop him. Grimey rustled through the leaves and came out holding another rat. He shook the rodent until it began writhing and foaming from the mouth, and tossed it into the air. Pop! The bearded hunter chuckled uncontrollably. Kane shot Leo a disdainful look.
“I have an idea.” Grimey said with a grin and dove back into the bushes. He came out with two rats this time, one in each hand. With a quick shake the rodents began foaming and their eyes began bulging. Grimey eagerly tossed the two rats back into the shrubs. Two loud pops rang out. Then another pop. Followed by several more pops. Just as Grimey had hoped, the two rats exploded and set off a chain reaction which detonated the other rats hiding in the shrubs. The hunter's grin widened. It wasn't long until the shrub was covered in a mess of gore and exploded rat parts.
“Well, doesn't look like it'll take long to solve the rat problem now does it lads?”

-** --*

Chapter 20

“Your friend looks like he's going to be sick.”
Gus, true to his word, had packed the three hunters into his boat and was taking them across the Greenwater river. His boat was small by trade standards – a rowboat is hardly adequate for trading goods - but it was enough to accommodate the four of them. Kane sat at the bow keeping a focused eye on the northern bank. Next was Gus facing the opposite direction. He held an oar in each hand and steadily powered the small boat along. Leo was next in line facing Gus. Grimey sat at the stern halfway hanging over the port side. He clutched the side of the boat with a white-knuckle grip and didn't make a sound or move a muscle. Gus was quick to notice the bearded hunter's condition. It was shocking to see such an imposing figure brought down by a steady current.
“Grimey, we've only been on the water for a minute.” Leo said. “And we'll be off of it in two more. Are you going to make it?”
Grimey didn't move. He didn't even blink.
“Grimey?”
“Shh...shu-” Grimey suddenly clamped his mouth shut. His eyes bulged for a moment and the hunter reeled forward and with a labored face swallowed back whatever was on its way up. He returned to his former statue-like state. Leo turned back to Gus with a smile.
“He'll be fine.”
Gus chuckled to himself. “It's not even choppy today. I'd hate to see him on the open ocean.”
A few moments later the boat docked at the north bank. Grimey darted out, bounding over Kane's head, to get his feet back on solid ground. Leo thanked Gus for taking them across the river as he followed Kane onto the dock. The bartender worked the oars in opposite directions and turned the boat around. He was about to head back but hesitated a moment.
“Hey Grimey.” He called. The color had returned to Grimey's face and he reluctantly walked back toward the boat. “Who's Borland?”
“Lad down in Port. Had some good ale. Pay a visit if you're ever down there. Only tavern in town square. Can't miss it.”
Gus nodded then paused as though something had occurred to him. He shot Grimey a smile before settling back into his rowboat and making his way back to the southern side of Greenwater. Port town, Gus mused to himself. Greenwater flowed east and eventually connected with the Cumberland, which flowed south into Port. He could make the trip, Gus realized. The bartender pondered the idea as he steadily rowed back to his side of town.
The three hunters wanted to spend little time in the northern side of Greenwater. They passed by merchant shops, courtyard fountains, and many large houses. In fact it was the first time Grimey had seen a house rise two floors high. Luxury. Grimey had no use for it. He led the way through town not stopping once to admire the buildings or speak to what few people were on the streets.
With the town behind them the hunters followed a dirt road north. It was much more green on this side of the river. Trees were more abundant and bushes weren't scarce at all. The three weren't on the road for long when Grimey heard a familiar pop come from the nearby trees. Then another pop followed by scrambling footsteps and a cry of frustrated anguish.
A man spilled out of the trees and crashed face down onto the road. He had brown hair past his shoulder and an athletic frame. He wore a sleeveless leather vest, which showed off the definition in his arms. His pants were a fine cotton and pressed. They were very clean save for the bottom part of the left leg where the fabric was covered in bits of gore and frayed apart. The man worked back to his feet and dusted himself off.
“Blasted rats! Ruined my pants!” He said with a scowl. Only then did he look up and notice the three men staring at him. His clean shaven face changed and he put on an easy smile. “One of them got me, it seems. At least it was the last one though.”
Only when the man stood did Grimey notice the blades sheathed around a finely polished leather belt. Grimey's mood immediately darkened but luckily it was hidden behind his beard. The man didn't notice it, but he did take notice of the weapons the three of them carried and instantly recognized his partners in trade.
“Best travel through these parts quickly my friends.” The man said. “There's been an outbreak of rats and you'll need the daylight to spot them. Don't want them sneaking up on you at night. They can be hard to spot in the dark. I'm Reginald by the way, but call me Reggie.”
He spoke with a mild, friendly tone. However his chin seemed to be held a tad higher than it ought. 
“We've heard about the rats, friend. How far must we go before the roads are safe?” Leo said. The islander sensed Grimey's mood and felt he should take the lead in this conversation.
“Once you get past this stretch of wood you'll be fine. Well, from the rats at least. I'm sure you know as well as I there's no such thing as a safe road.” Reggie said.
“All too true.” Leo said with a short laugh. Why was he being so friendly to this man, Grimey wondered. A hunter that neglects half of his town deserves a lesson not courtesy.
“Have you encountered our rats before?” Reggie asked. He didn't wait for an answer. “They're wicked things. Once a rat is aggravated it attacks and there's only moments until it explodes.” Leo feinted a look of shock. “That's right, they explode! With quite a bit force I might add.”
“Enough force to launch a man off his feet?” Leo asked with a subtle smirk only Grimey noticed. The bearded hunter shifted with a snort. He didn't appreciate the jab.
“Yes if it gets close enough. Dangerous things. You do not want to get too close -”
“What do you hunt them with?” Grimey cut in not hiding the incredulity in his voice. “Surely not a knife?”
“Oh heavens no. I use this.”
Reggie held out his hand to show his weapon. It was a simple strip of leather with a thin rope attached at each end. One of the ropes had a loop at the end while the other rope ended in a knot. A sling. One of the simplest of weapons for launching projectiles. A small rock fits easily into the leather pouch. One hand holds both ropes but secures the looped rope around the hand or wrist and then spins the sling in quick circles. When ready, the knot-end rope is released and the projectile will be launched with incredible speed. A very simple, yet effective weapon.
“And I launch these.” Reggie opened one of his vest pockets and pulled out a small black marble. It was polished in such a way that the black marble shined bright. “It's a marble with some lead at the center for extra weight.”
Grimey opened his mouth to say something but Leo cut in. “How accurate are you?”
Reggie smiled and pointed to a tree some thirty meters away. He set the marble in the leather pouch spun the sling, letting it complete two full revolutions, and released. The marble shot through the air and struck the tree trunk dead-center. A piece of bark chipped off of the trunk.
“Impressive. And you only needed two revolutions to get it to full speed.” Leo said. Grimey was admittedly impressed but he was already predisposed to dislike Reggie so he didn't let his admiration show.
“Why thank you. Ideally I should be able to launch in just one revolution but I haven't quite gotten there yet. But the best part of the sling is if I run out of marbles any pebble will work just as well.” Reggie said. “I may need to resort to rocks soon too with the recent outbreak of rats. It bewilders me. In the past month or so their numbers have grown exponentially.”
“You know the southern bank of Greenwater has been having problems with rats too. We just crossed the river from that side earlier today.” Leo said.
“The south bank?” Reggie said. “Are you sure it's exploding rats? They cry wolf so much. Besides, all of the monsters in Greenwater are on the northern banks. That's why myself and all the other hunters are on this side. The southern bank is just upset with their, how you say...fiscal condition.”
Grimey started forward but Reggie held up a hand and continued.
“Now let me explain sir. When the town of Greenwater was built both the north and south bank were on equal footing. But those on the northern bank worked hard to establish trade and they brought in a lot of wealth. Ever since the south bank has been upset and has been trying to take what the north bank worked so hard to establish. They complain it's not equal, everybody should get a fair share, and whatever other nonsense they can come up with. Simply put, they're mad that we have what they do not. Even when it comes to monsters. Just one of the many things the north bank has that the south bank does not. Trust me, I know they envy us. Therefore, the north bank needs the hunters, the south bank does not. Makes sense doesn't it?”
Again, Grimey started forward but this time it was Leo who halted the hunter with a hand on his shoulder.
“Well perhaps we were mistaken. We are merely passing through after all.” Leo said. Reggie, who had remained calm throughout the entire encounter smiled at Leo's understanding. “But it never hurts to be sure. Might I ask of you to just check up on the south bank later today since you did eliminate the last of the rats over here.” Reggie paused and considered the idea. “Just to be sure. We spoke with Gus at the tavern. He told us there were rats over there. And I know a man of your skill could hunt them or snuff out a false rumor in no time.” Leo sensed Reggie had a high level of self-worth and figured a little flattery would do well to persuade the Greenwater hunter.
“Yes, yes I suppose you are right. I'll be sure to do that then, my friend.” Reggie said. Grimey was slightly taken aback. Perhaps Reggie was all right after all. He seemed skilled with the sling, although the fact that a rat hit his leg suggested he might not be too keen with the eyes and ears. Maybe the long standing division of Greenwater has let the idea sink into the hunter's mind that he only needs to be on the north bank. Maybe Reggie just didn't know any better. But still, Grimey thought, a hunter should watch the entire town. Whatever, his head was starting to hurt from all the conflicting thoughts. It didn't matter. When Reggie got to the south bank he would learn that there really were exploding rats there.
Leo sensed Grimey's returning calm and gave Reggie a smile. “Good then. Well we should be on our way if we're to get past the rats by nightfall.” The islander headed down the road with his two companions following.
“Safe travels my friend.” Reggie called. “But wait, what is your name?”
Leo turned as he continued to walk away. “I'm glad to have met you Reginald. Safe hunting!” Leo turned back around and continued along. The road bent to the left and soon the three hunters were out of sight.
“Do you think he'll actually go to the south bank?” Grimey asked.
“Yes, I believe he will.” Leo said.
“Think he'll discover the rats?”
Leo started to laugh.
“What?”
“With the mess you left behind, absolutely.”

-** --*

Chapter 21

Rolling golden hills made up the landscape as the hunters traveled further north. Colored by wild poppy flowers, the hills were bright and colorful and seemed to literally radiate golden. Nestled on one of these hills was the town of Khurt, a small town just a few miles south of the Windy Pass and the last settlement the three hunters would come by on their trek north.
“You know for a town surrounded by flowers you'd think it'd look nicer.” Grimey said as he observed the aged wooden houses and shops. The town wasn't run down like the southern bank of Greenwater, in fact it was rather well maintained. There weren't any boards used to patch up holes or broken windows in Khurt. The town was simply old with a rustic feel, which clashed with the liveliness and brightness of the flower-covered hills.
“It has its charm.” Kane said.
As usual, Grimey did a double-take at the sound of Kane's voice. It had been days since he last heard the muscular islander speak. Grimey had grown fond of the quiet fellow. At first he had been unsure of Kane's character. He was only known as the large silent guy that accompanied Leo when the two would pass through Quarry Town. Never heard to have spoken a single word. Somebody so quiet wasn't easily trusted. Now, he was Kane, fellow hunter and traveling companion. Grimey recalled the standoff between them the first time they left Quarry. The tension ran so high between the two it could be cut with an axe. While the two had not grown into friends since then, there was an amiable respect between them. What did it for Grimey was the massive deadling attack on Quarry. The reason was simple: Kane was one hell of a hunter.
The deadling attack all those days ago was the first time Grimey saw what sort of skills Kane had. The way he wielded the spear and controlled the distance between himself and the beasts was masterful. Even though surrounded, there was no point at which Kane was in any real danger. Well done, Grimey thought, well done indeed.
As the three followed a path that sloped upward toward the town Grimey's attention shifted to what was ahead of them. Another new place. Another chance to discover new monsters and ways to hunt them. Another chance to discover new ales. The bearded hunter smiled. Maybe this traveling business wasn't all that bad.
“They got anything like exploding rats here?” Grimey asked.
Leo turned with a smile, “If you thought the rats were strange just wait until you see what inhabits the hills behind the town.”
Kane had walked ahead of the others without looking back. He soon disappeared in the small town. Leo shrugged at Grimey. “I guess we'll stay here for a night before moving on. Hey, where are you going?”
“Find me some ale!” Grimey hollered back without turning.
Not wanting to be left alone, Leo followed the bearded hunter into Khurt. It was an uphill walk. The entire town was built on a hillside so the only way to go was up. The two hunters passed by small houses which steadily grew in size as they climbed further up. The main road curved, the hunters passed another group of houses that seemed to be closer together than the previous group. In fact the buildings clustered closer and closer as they neared the center of town, which made their road narrow as well.
Grimey, however, was little bothered by the cluster of houses and narrow road. He was driven by a usual thirst for a refreshing mug. By some innate instinct he navigated to the center of town and found himself in the town square. The buildings and houses opened up into a courtyard with a small fountain at its center. Similar to Port, there was an inn, and shops, one of which was marked with a wooden sign etched with the unmistakable image of a beer mug.
His palate grew anxious. The bearded hunter charged through the doors on a mission for ale. It had been too long since his last drink at Greenwater. Leo, who didn't share the same enthusiasm for ale, reluctantly followed.
“Leo. Haven't seen you in a while. Where you been?” The bartender said with a less than friendly tone.
“I went home and then had some traveling to do.” Leo answered. Grimey raised his eyebrows in surprise. The bearded hunter hadn't seen Leo do anything so far to suggest he frequented a bar. Borland in Port never heard of Leo and Gus in Greenwater had only known of the islander but had never seen him. Regardless, Grimey still wanted some ale.
“Hey lad, can I get -” Grimey started but was silenced when the bartender raised a finger.
“You have some work to do hunter. In the hills.” The bartender said. His eyes never left Leo.
“Well we're heading through the Windy Pass. I suppose we can do your town a favor and take our time.” Leo said. Grimey cocked his head to the side. He had never heard Leo speak with hostility in his voice before.
“Very well then.” The bartender turned an eye to Grimey, “And what do you want?”
“Ale.” Grimey said.
“That'll be two coin.”
“Two coin? In most places that gets you four pints.” Grimey said.
“Well here it gets you one.” The bartender replied. “So you want it or not?”
Grimey put two gold coins on the bar. The bearded hunter's eyes narrowed when the bartender turned away. He was not used to being spoken to so shortly in a tavern. When the bartender turned back he flicked a mug of ale toward Grimey without looking at him. The amber liquid sloshed and some of it spilled. A scowl formed behind Grimey's beard and he took the mug and what was left in it to a table away from the bar.
Leo spoke with the bartender for several more minutes. The expressions of both men never turned friendly. It was a conversation of short sentences that went straight to the point. Not a single smile dared reveal itself.
“Looks like we have some work to do. We better get a room for the night.” Leo said when he joined Grimey.
“A room, really? No camping this time?” Grimey said.
Khurt was one of the few places Leo chose an inn over the outdoors. The two hunters took a room at the town square inn uphill from the tavern. It was a two-story building. The ground floor was a large common area where meals were served to guests. The second floor held several bedrooms. There were plenty of vacancies and Leo was able to talk the innkeeper into giving them a low price. A small consolation for the over-priced ale across the square, Grimey thought. He still had a bitter taste in his mouth from both the ale and the experience.
The two sat in the common area. It was a rustic room comprised of wooden tables and benches, all coated with a light layer of dust. A fire crackled in the stone fireplace at the far end of the room. The two hunters sat at a table accompanied with a hunk of roasted beef and a loaf of day old bread and cheese. The cheese was a stale yellow and cut in an irregular shape, probably shaved to remove mold. They avoided the cheese but luckily the meat was well roasted and tender.
 Two other men occupied the common area. One sat a few tables across from the hunters and kept hunched over his plate as if protecting his meal from attackers. The other sat in a corner near the fireplace. He was an elderly man with wild white hair that shot out in every direction. His unblinking gaze shifted sporadically between the two hunters and the other man. Grimey found him odd but tried not to look his way while Leo kept the man in his periphery.
“What's with him?” Grimey asked without looking up. Leo shrugged. “So tell me lad, why are we at an inn and not making camp?”
“Kane goes off on his own here. It's just safer to stay at an inn rather than camp on my own.” Leo answered.
“Safer?” Grimey said doubtfully. He found it hard to believe Leo wasn't capable of taking care of himself in the wild.
“It's just always been that way. We've been traveling throughout Arlynd for many years ever since I was young. There was no way I could camp on my own back then. Whenever we came here to Khurt Kane would make sure I was settled in at this inn and then go off on his own.”

Their room was plain with two beds. Grimey was just able to fit on his. Between the two beds was a nightstand with a dusty oil lamp on top of it. Along the side wall was one solitary window overlooking Khurt. Leo immediately opened it to alleviate the musky air.
“Only two beds.” Grimey said. “I guess Kane's out of luck when he gets back.”
“We likely won't see him tonight.”
Grimey's brow furrowed but he quickly shook off any implications that may have formed in his head. He didn't care because this would be the first time he would sleep in a bed in weeks. His muscles ached from constant travel and sleeping on the hard ground. It was tolerable and he never complained, but it was uncomfortable nonetheless. The mattress was firm but it didn't matter. It beat the dirt. Relaxation poured over the bearded hunter as soon as he laid down. It wasn't long until muffled snoring filled the room.
He roused a few hours later. The room was dark with a faint orange glow. The oil lamp was lit with a low flame. A draft tickled the hunter's beard and drew his attention to the window where Leo leaned into the frame, head up gazing skyward. Starlight reflected in his eyes and the faint glow from the lamp gave an orange outline to the black tattoo on his face. The islander's gaze was hard. He let out a short breath.
“What you looking for lad?” Grimey said, his voice raspy from waking.
“News from above.” Leo answered. He gave Grimey a quick glance and saw one of his eyebrows raised. A clear sign the bearded hunter had no idea what that meant. “I'm seeing if the stars show any signs about what's happening in the world. Star gazing, sky reading, whatever you may call it has become a lost art nearly forgotten in the world. So much that it's considered magic by many. But it's not magic. It's just a skill. Knowing where to look and knowing what you're looking at. Not magic at all.”
“So what's the news?”
“Not good. Orion is fully ignited. His stars burn brighter than any other in the sky. The hunter is watching. And he sends a warning. More concerning is his companion, Canis. The hunter's dog with the shining eye of Sirius, the brightest star in the sky. It's said that Canis's vision was so keen he was able to peer into the near future, allowing him to warn Orion of coming danger. Sirius burns a bright blue, almost white, when things are normal and balanced. But its color is fading. Darkening. He's peering at the world this very moment. If his eye turns red then there will be no question. A great beast has risen.”
Grimey leaned forward and craned his head to look out the window. Leo gestured to the group of stars that formed Orion and the nearby stars that formed Canis. Grimey could clearly make out the outline of a canine figure and spotted the bright star that represented the eye. “That's not red. More like a deep blue.”
“True. It's not red. A great beast has not risen. But the star is darker than it should be.”
“What's that mean?”
“I'm not sure. Perhaps it's on its way.”

-** --*

Chapter 22

“Well you look awfully chipper this morning.” Grimey said. Kane had come strolling into the town square where the other two were waiting. There was definitely something different about his mood. A slight bounce in his step and a lightness of gait. The muscular hunter stopped before the two others. There was a sparkle in his eyes as well.
“Morning.” Kane said with a smile before he turned and headed uphill on a road leading to the top of Khurt.
“You know, he rarely speaks. He rarely smiles. That is the first time I have ever seen him do both.” Grimey said. Leo shrugged and followed his cousin.
Their road snaked through tightly packed living quarters. It grew steadily steeper the further uphill it went. It wasn't long until the three hunters left the town behind them and came to the top of the hill. There they stopped a moment.
Behind them was the town of Khurt spread across the flower-laden hillside. In front of them was a sea of barren, rolling hills. Not a tree in sight. The eastern sunlight illuminated the hillsides while casting the opposite sides in shadow. Their pathway dipped, rose, curved, and wound as far into the hills as they could see. Without a doubt, this was their road. Their only road.
A draft brushed by the hunters. It carried a faint sound, just barely audible. An echoing screech that howled with the air. The sound passed and faded away leaving a tingle on the back of Grimey's neck. He looked at Leo unsure if he had really heard something or not.
“Keep sharp.” Leo said. “This is the Windy Pass.”
“Not that windy.” Grimey said trying to hide his nerves.
“The wind will pick up quickly. And that sound will grow louder until we reach the source of it.” At least the sound was real, Grimey thought to himself. Whatever was making it didn't sound too friendly. He couldn't hold back a shiver as he replayed it in his mind.
It wasn't long until Leo's words proved true. At the top of the next hill the breeze had grown to a strong wind. Unmistakable howls flew by as well. By the time they reached the third hill the winds were gusty and the howling could have been coming from something just ahead of them. And it only got worse. Every step was met with stronger gusts.
The top of the fourth hill was different from the others. Instead of cresting into a smooth descent like the previous hills this one expanded out into a plateau. There was a slight downward slope to the ground but for the most part it was flat. However, the sides of the hill were almost vertical. The pathway led the hunters through the middle of the plateau and anything below the sides remained out of sight.
A familiar tingling sensation nagged at the back of Grimey's mind. His instincts, honed by years of hunting, were warning him. This was a kill zone. Anybody following this path was vulnerable from both sides. Visibility over the hillsides was zero and the deafening winds made hearing questionable as the screeching howls blared from every direction.
The wind.
Grimey had never experienced such a force of air. It was difficult to walk straight. Stronger gusts blew sporadically knocking him off balance. It was a struggle to remain standing. And it came from all directions. It forced the hunter to constantly shift his weight to keep from toppling over. He realized how fatiguing this would soon become.
“Keep sha-” Leo yelled but the wind shifted and cut off his words. His lips kept moving but Grimey couldn't hear anything over the roaring wind.
Suddenly there was a howl louder than all the others. Grimey's first thought was to kneel but the wind knocked him off balance which caused him to instinctively regain his footing. He saw Leo point at something behind him but it was too late.
Something slammed into Grimey's back hurling him several feet. He landed hard and stars filled his vision. Grimey sat up and shook his head clear. Above him hovering in the air was a large beast that filled all his vision. The end of its tail was wide, flat, and the end of it came to a triangular shape that resembled a fin. That must have been what struck him in the back. The beast's body was narrow at the bottom but wide at the shoulders giving it a narrow triangular shape. Large angular wings protruded from its shoulders. It must have had at least a fifteen foot wingspan. They beat steadily and despite the gusting wind the monster hovered easily in one spot. Its head was angular with sharp features. The entire beast gleamed black except for its two bright red-orange eyes. The beast reminded Grimey of a kingpin, except this beast was larger than any kingpin.
The beast hovered for only a moment longer before letting out a howling shriek and taking flight. But it didn't simply glide away. It negotiated through the winds with powerful beats from its wings and by undulating its entire body. The beast swam through the air more so than flew. With all the gusting winds the beast smoothly swam upward through the air. Despite its menacing appearance, Grimey couldn't ignore its grace in flight.
Several more of the shining black fliers emerged from beyond both hillsides. They swam through the air. Lethal and majestic. Grimey wasted no time and pulled a hatchet from his belt and hurled it at the beast nearest him. It was well within range but the wind took the small axe and blew far left of its target. The monster, aware the wind would blow anything thrown at it off course, didn't even bother to move.
“That's not good.” Grimey said. He threw another hatchet at the same beast this time aiming to the right to compensate for the wind. But a different gust of wind took the hatchet further right. “Nope, not good at all.”
The beast let out a piercing shriek and, riding on a gust of wind, dove at Grimey. The bearded hunter dove aside just as its tail whipped against the ground. Dirt and rock flew up from the tail strike and a small crater was left in the earth. These beasts weren't messing around. That tail strike could do some serious damage.
Another flying beast targeted the bearded hunter. It tucked its wings close to its body, shrugged its shoulders close to its chest turning it into a shiny black bullet that shot down from the sky. At the last moment it unfurled its wings and whipped its tail. Again, the hunter just barely avoided the attack and the whipping tail. “Damn buzzards!” Grimey yelled.
The buzzards generated tremendous speed when they dove. If caught just right a flick of a tail could knock a man's head off its body. At the very least it would send a man flying as Grimey learned moments earlier. The hunters scrambled to avoid the attacks. After each dive the buzzards would disappear below the edge of the hillside only to rise up a moment later ready for another attack. The hunters were pinned down.
“We need to get to the next hill!” Leo screamed. The others couldn't hear him over the wind but the urgency in his face and the fact he was pointing at the next hill made the message more than clear.
The hunters scrambled across the flatland surrounded by shrieks and tail whips. They lunged, ducked, dove, and rolled to avoid all the whipping tails. Grimey knew throwing hatchets would be useless so he drew his axe. Another loud shriek shook the air. A buzzard had tucked into a bullet aimed straight for the bearded hunter. Grimey squared off with it, axe in hand. The buzzard swooped in, its tail prone, ready to strike. The instant it began to open its wings Grimey rolled to the side, came up on one knee, and swung his axe in a wide sweeping arc. The blade just nicked the buzzard's wing but it was enough to knock it of course and send it crashing into the ground. Twisted, mangled, and mashed the beast was not getting up.
Kane saw how Grimey had taken out the buzzard and used the same technique with his spear. It worked. The spear-tip just caught one of the beasts and sent it crashing to the ground. Two buzzards down, a sky-full to go.
The hunters continued to move across the plateau and eventually made their way to the end where it dipped down into a trough leading to an incline up the next hill. The sides of the pathway were no longer vertical cliffs but were still steep slopes. At least there weren't any more blind spots. However, the pathway narrowed and there was less room to move and there was now a hazard of being knocked off and sliding far down the steep hillside.
Grimey noticed Leo moving with his bow in hand and wondered why he didn't draw his sword. Arrows would be useless in this wind. Nevertheless, Leo kept a firm grip on his bow as he evaded the swooping buzzards. The island hunter moved on the ground with a grace equal to the buzzards in the air. He spun, ducked, and rolled while keeping his forward progress. He wasn't struck once by a buzzard tail.
Kane moved much slower but managed to take down another flying beast. Grimey had no such luck. Leo, who had broken out ahead of the others and was beginning the ascend the next hill, noticed that the beasts were going after the other two and leaving him alone. He watched for a moment. One buzzard dove for Grimey, drawing the hunter's attention, only to turn away so another could swoop down from behind and knock the hunter to the ground. The monsters were beginning to work together. This isn't right, Leo thought, they've never been this coordinated before. They were choosing their targets. Grimey was back on his feet quickly but Leo saw him spit red. The buzzards used the same trick on Kane. They wouldn't be able to take many more hits like that. The two hunters made little progress down the hill before having to evade an attack or were struck by one. Leo glanced at his sword and thought about charging in to help. But he paused. The buzzards were swimming above Kane and Grimey, circling for their next attack. Leo shook his head, turned, and took off uphill.
Grimey and Kane stood back to back, both battered and bleeding. Their eyes scanned the windy skies above anticipating the next attack. Grimey noticed Leo had run off. Perhaps flight was their best option at this point. He nudged Kane with his elbow and signaled after Leo. Kane nodded. A buzzard swooped down and the two hunters rolled away and immediately sprung to their feet and ran.
The wind made it difficult to balance. Gusts of wind would steer them off the pathway where the ground was uneven. Grimey stumbled over loose dirt and rocks and fell to a knee. There was a howling screech and the hunter automatically rolled to the side. He felt a rush of wind just above him and saw a shadow pass over. Working to regain his footing, Grimey stood only to be knocked back down by a buzzard tail. He shook the cobwebs out and crawled back to the pathway before standing again.
Running uphill was never a hobby of Grimey's, and doing it with a swarm of monsters out for his head was certainly not an ideal situation. But he and Kane pushed on. Their legs burned having to drive up the incline while adjusting for gusts of winds that threatened to veer them off course. A particularly strong gust threatened to topple Grimey over but as he was about to lose his balance Kane's hand shot out and caught him. When Grimey was stable another strong gust blew by and he felt Kane's grip tighten as the islander used Grimey to keep himself stable. Several times one hunter had to reach out to help stabilize the other but they drove on and kept just barely ahead of the buzzard attacks.
That is until one buzzard used its wings instead of its tail to strike. The beast dove directly from behind with its wings spread and clipped both hunters from behind. The beast landed easily and just as quickly launched back into the air. Kane took the hit at the back of his neck and fell unconscious. Grimey was struck in the back of his head and crashed upon the hillside. He was dazed and his vision blurred. The familiar taste of blood filled his mouth. But he was awake.
The bearded hunter slowly rolled onto his back. The effort involved sent fatigue and pain coursing throughout his body. He breathed slowly, eyes only half open. Disoriented, he wasn't sure where he was. Shadows swam through the sky above. How graceful. How beautiful. One of them noticed his admiration and turned to approach. That graceful shadow began to grow larger. It began to speak. Words didn't come out but there was a sound. Grimey strained to listen thinking he could make out words. Instead he only made out a screaming howl. He knew that sound. It reminded him of something. Comfort? No that wasn't it. Danger? Maybe that was it. Yes that was it. It meant danger.
Danger! Grimey's vision cleared as he snapped out of his daze. But he was too late. The buzzard was too close for Grimey to avoid another hit. He braced himself. The beast's tail was poised for a direct hit to the face. That black spade of malice filled all of Grimey's vision and he never looked away. This is gonna hurt, hopefully I wake up.
Then nothing happened.
The tail rushed by and a loud thud followed. Grimey turned and looked. The buzzard laid dead against the hillside, an arrow lodged in its neck. The hunter stretched his body back to look uphill. At the hilltop was Leo, his eyes radiating a brilliant white, the ink on his skin flowing like rapids, his hair whipping in the torrent of winds. He nocked an arrow, aimed somewhere far to the left, away from all the buzzards, and fired. The arrow curved and spiraled with the gusty winds back to the right, lower, then higher, then directly into the path of a buzzard.
Through those radiant eyes Leo saw everything. The path of the winds, the sporadic gusts that ripped across the hills, the currents of air flows. Everything. Focusing on the many air flows, Leo saw how each arrow would be affected by the winds. At that moment he saw a gust coming from the left, an updraft further ahead, and a curving current bending to the right and a buzzard hovering right there. He adjusted his aim to the left and down and let the arrow fly. It caught the gust and blew right, then raised higher in the updraft before reaching the bending air current, which took the arrow directly into the buzzards neck.
Leo picked out a path for each arrow and sent it along to its target. He did not miss a single shot.
Three thwacks of the bow, three more buzzards dropped to the ground. The air paths became all too clear for Leo and it wasn't long before he could fire in rapid succession. At one point Leo aimed down just above where Grimey and Kane laid. When he fired, an updraft vaulted the arrow skyward and it lodged between the eyes of a diving buzzard.
It wasn't long until the skies were clear and the ground was littered with shiny black corpses. And it wasn't even noon yet. Leo diligently collected his arrows while Grimey, once returned to his senses, roused Kane. When the muscular hunter woke slowly then surveyed the scene and gave a grunt of approval.
“The worst of it is over.” Leo yelled when he returned to the others. The wind still made it difficult to hear. His quiver was fully stocked once again. “I doubt we'll run into any more. Now we just need to make it out of these hills before sundown. It gets cold and there's no way to keep a fire in this wind.”
The winds had not let up one bit but at least they no longer carried those howling shrieks. “How much farther?” Grimey yelled. The three surveyed the horizon ahead.
“There's the next three hills, then that large one.” Leo said.
“What's beyond the large one?”
“No idea. I've never been that far.”
“Great. Well let's get to it then.” Grimey said. He spit out a mouthful of red saliva and began trudging along the pathway.

-** --*

Chapter 23

Sparks flew onto a pile of dried leaves and twigs but nothing caught. Another wave of sparks flew which quickly faded out.
“Losing your touch?” Grimey asked.
Leo gave him a disdainful look before striking his flint again. At last the sparks caught and generated a small flame. Leo gently blew onto the flame until it grew large enough to burn on its own.
“And the lad makes fire! Hah!” Grimey bellowed.
“Now you're the one who's chipper.”
“Of course I am. We made it out of those blasted hills and got through those buzzards.”
“They're actually known as reapers.”
“Don't care! Calling them buzzards.”
It took the hunters well into the afternoon to get out of the Windy Pass. The rolling hills brought the hunters to an arid plain. Mountains rose in the distance and Leo indicated that was where they were headed. But the islander was weary from focusing on the buzzards and then dragging himself over the hills. He needed to rest. A nearby stream gleamed in the fading sunlight and Leo decided set up camp there for the night.
Grimey had taken a seat next to Leo. The bearded hunter's body ached from the beating he took from the buzzards that morning but despite his bruises and cuts he couldn't stop playing with his beard. Being in the wind for so many hours left him windblown and his face tingled with every beard stroke. Grimey stroked his beard and chuckled. He patted it on one side and chuckled again. Leo shot him another disdainful look. The islander had been trying to get Grimey to tend to the gash on the back of his head, a little gift from the wing of a buzzard, since they settled. Grimey was content to sit back and mess around with his beard instead. Until he caught a glimpse of Leo.
“Oh don't worry.” Grimey said. “I don't need a bandage. There's plenty of hair back there. Stopped the bleeding a long time ago.”
“At least clean it up.” Leo replied smoothly.
Grimey rolled his eyes and with an effort stood, grabbed a flask, and went downstream to rinse off. The blood had long since dried and left his hair a matted mess of deep red. He filled the flask with cool stream water, lifted it over his head and poured it onto himself. The water trickled through the blood-stained hair and dripped to the ground.
The hunter's thoughts drifted back to the buzzards. Wicked black flying beasts with snapping tails. They reminded Grimey of a kingpin. Especially the eyes. Both monsters shared the same green eyes that burned in their sockets. The difference was that kingpins used banshees as their pawns. Banshees are no more than a nuisance on their own trying to steal food or harass livestock. Only when under the influence of a kingpin do banshees become organized and change tactics. They attack as a group and use distractions. They become lethal. What pawns did the buzzards use? None from what Grimey could remember. Then a strange thought occurred to him. What if the buzzards were pawns of something else?
Mixed thoughts swirled through the hunter's mind as he washed up. A crimson puddle had formed in the dirt. He gazed into it. Unsure if it was a shadow or something else, he saw a line of black creep down the center of the puddle. It looked like an eye. Probably some trick of the fading daylight. The bearded hunter shook his head and continued to comb his fingers through his hair. The dried up blood mixed with the water and steadily colored the small pool of water a deeper and deeper red. He didn't realize he lost so much blood. When Grimey looked back into the pool he jolted back. A bright red eye stared directly at him. The same eye from his dreams. Dizziness invaded the hunter's head and his legs went weak. He dropped to one knee. The eye continued to stare at him unblinking. His vertigo morphed into a splitting headache. It felt like a pair of tongs were clamping down on his temples. He grabbed the sides of his head and shut his eyes trying to block out the pain. His face grew hot as if a fire had erupted in front of his face. Not sure what was happening, the hunter took a deep breath and focused on flushing the pain out of his head. Bolts of agony shot through the hunter's mind but then just as suddenly as it began it ended. The pain, the heat, and the dizziness dissipated like a campfire doused with a pail of water. The hunter opened his eyes slowly and saw nothing more than a small puddle of reddish water blackened by the dawning of night.
When he rejoined the other two at the campfire Kane was tending to a pot and Leo sat gazing upward watching the stars light up the sky. Neither of them said anything and were unaware of Grimey's episode. He wasn't about to share it with them either. Probably just a result of exhaustion and loss of blood anyway. Although the pool did look just like the eye from my dreams, Grimey thought. Was there something to it all? Maybe that great beast Leo believes in is actually real. Maybe that eye means something? Nah, couldn't be. It's just blood loss. They'll travel north to the farthest reaches of Arlynd to find a mountain. A great lonely mountain, but just a mountain. There will be no great beast, it will all be for nothing, and then they can return home. So why am I even here then? Grimey wondered. He couldn't find a suitable reason. And red rain falls when the beast flies. The thought just popped into Grimey's head. A line from Leo's so-called prophecy. Had to be blood loss, the hunter reasoned.
Grimey sat quietly wrestling with his thoughts as Kane cooked up the night's meal. A pot of stew. The bearded hunter ate in silence and when finished immediately turned onto his bedroll. He was in no mood to talk and was snoring in no time. Kane retired soon after eating as well. He still had a headache from the knockout blow he took and needed rest.
Leo, as was his tradition, stayed awake to watch the stars but no matter how the stars burned that night or how Orion glowed Leo's mind was distracted. He couldn't stop reflecting on the reaper attack. Like every other monster of late, the reapers were more aggressive than usual but something else was different. Why did they leave him alone? Why did they target Grimey and Kane? Even when he focused and began taking out reaper after reaper the monsters continued to dive for the other two instead of attacking him. It didn't make sense. In the past when he and Kane would help the hunters of Khurt deal with reapers the flying beasts attacked both of them equally with no sense of strategy. They swooped down on anybody nearby, simple as that. But today they were coordinated and changed tactics to counter Grimey's axe and Kane's spear. The monsters were picking their targets and adapting.
Leo gazed between the stars, in the blackness of night hoping to come to an answer but he found none. Just an empty blackness that left his thoughts unfinished. Then a new question came to mind. Were the reapers after both of the larger hunters or just one of them?
While Leo pondered the torrent of thoughts coursing through his mind Orion burned bright in the sky above. Betelgeuse, the shoulder star, was a bright red. Rigel, the leg star, which normally burned a hot blue, was a scorching white. The legendary hunter, the watcher of the horizons, guardian against all beasts, was sending his warning. Even his hunting dog Canis chimed in. The eye star of Sirius, burned brighter than it ever had in centuries outshining both Betelgeuse and Rigel. Its usual bright white shine had transformed into a deep purple. A clear sign that something terrible approached.
Eventually Leo did notice the signs Orion and Canis gave. He noticed Sirius was darker than the previous night. It solidified in him that they were on the right path. According to the maps, they were not far from the Iyre Mountain where whatever beast was approaching would rise from. First things first though, they would have to make it through the Tunnel of Lights. He knew very little about that place beyond how to find it. There were no records documented about the tunnel depths and what lied beyond it. The reason for that was simple. Every traveler that attempted to pass through the tunnel never made it back.

-** --*

Chapter 24

“Now that's not a friendly sight.”
It looked daunting enough from a distance but when the bearded hunter stood in front of the Tunnel of Lights it looked absolutely menacing.
The Northern Wastes, where the three hunters were trying to reach, was separated from the rest of Arlynd by the simplest of natural barriers: mountains. Steep jagged mountains kept travelers and adventurers from attempting to scale the range. There was only one passage through. At a certain spot two high rocky peaks guarded the entrance to that passage. Here the rock face became a sheer vertical cliff, which towered high into the sky. At its center was an enormous crack which ran from the ground all the way to the top of the precipice. It looked as though a great force had pried the rock apart and left just enough room to dare the bravest of souls to enter. No sunlight reached into the cavernous split leaving it an ominous pitch black. Here is where the three hunters stood. Leo read about this place and knew it to be the Tunnel of Lights. When or how the passage came by that name the islander did not know but everything he had read about how to find the tunnel matched what was in front of him.
Grimey inwardly hoped there was a way to climb above and avoid entering the tunnel. Something about being swallowed up by a large rock didn't sit well with the hunter but as he craned his neck back to observe the rock his hopes were dashed. A sheer vertical rock face, unsure handholds, and smooth gray stone that may be easily loosened under a man's weight. Climbing was definitely not an option. Going through the black was the only passage.
“So you know anything about what's inside there?” Grimey asked. Leo shook his head. “Really? After all the time you spend in the archives buried in them books you never read about this place?”
“No I read about it. What it looks like, where it is, how to recognize it. There just aren't any records about what's inside.”
“Why not?” Grimey couldn't believe Leo had no knowledge of the tunnel after hearing all he knew about stars, other towns, and the legend that they've been chasing after.
“Few have ventured here and braved the tunnel passage. None of them returned. Nobody ever came back to tell the tale. Therefore, no records.” Leo said.
Grimey did his best to peer inside the tunnel but to no avail. All he could see was blackness. No light entered this place. It would be a wonder if they could see at all while in there.
“You know for a place called the Tunnel of Lights it's damn dark in there.”
Leo pretended not to hear the comment and made for the tunnel. Kane, stoic as always, followed his cousin.
“Hope them glowing eyes can see in the dark.” Grimey muttered to himself as he followed.
The transition was immediate. One moment, Grimey was in the sunlight walking into the tunnel. The next moment all light was shut out and, as though a veil was cast over all light, he was in total blackness.
The tunnel walls were close enough together the hunters could lift their arms to their sides and feel rock. They felt their way along the tunnel walls to navigate through the pitch black. Sight wasn't needed. It was missed, but not needed. Although Grimey couldn't get over how dark it was. He couldn't see his own hand in front of his face let alone his feet. It didn't matter where he looked he saw the same black nothingness. It was oddly disorienting.
The bearded hunter carefully shuffled forward, not daring to let either of his feet leave the ground in fear of stepping into a pitfall. He leaned his upper body back so not to smash his face into an unseen wall. The tunnel walls echoed with the sounds of shuffling feet and heavy breathing. The sounds themselves were soft but in the confines of the tunnel the noise rang in the bearded hunter's ears. His knees became shaky and beads of sweat formed on his brow. It felt as though the darkness spun round and round. He imagined points of blackness moving, swirling about his head. One of them darted upward, another arced down in front of his face. He couldn't differentiate them from the rest of the dark that made up all his vision but his eyes believed something was there. Pretty soon Grimey was sweating profusely and breathing heavy as he spiraled further into disorientation. He thought he heard a draft pass by his ears. Then another which carried a faint howl just like a buzzard howl. Shrieks and screams began to fill his ears mixed with a torrent of clashing steel and cruel laughter. Louder and louder the wicked sounds grew until they blared in his mind. The bearded hunter was losing it.
It took an act of will to steady himself against the narrow walls and keep from falling. A deep breath. Then another. Okay, it's dark. The walls are narrow. A deep inhale. Let the walls be a guide. His mind began to quiet. A deep exhale. The noise is only shuffling of feet and breath, which means Kane and Leo are nearby. A deep inhale. If they're nearby, they're up ahead. No need to fear a blind fall. A deep exhale. His knees became steady. A deep inhale. It's all in your head lad, he told himself. A deep exhale.
The sweat beads retreated back into their pores. Grimey realized he was okay. He held his hands out wide to keep contact with the tunnel walls and began moving his feet again. Steadily, he navigated through the darkness.
He was doing well until the walls left his fingertips. Panic threatened to rush in once again but Grimey checked himself. It's just dark. That's all. Keep one foot in front of the other and that should hold a straight line. Right foot first. Step. Left foot in front. Step. From the sound of things Kane and Leo had adopted the same method of moving. Grimey felt like he was doing pretty well. Left foot, right foot. And they were landing directly in front of each other. Very pleased with his progress Grimey continued to watch his feet shuffle and step in a perfectly straight line. That's when the hunter realized it. He could see his feet! Not too far ahead was Kane, and a bit further he could just make out Leo's shape in the dim light. Something emanated a faint glow. Grimey looked up at his surroundings and the sight caught his breath. Now he knew why it was called the Tunnel of Lights.
Dazzling. That's the only thing that came to mind. Dazzling. The three hunters had followed the left side wall and they now saw that the tunnel had opened into a wide cavern. The right wall, now about twenty meters away, was dotted with jewels that radiated their own brilliant light like a starry sky on a clear night. Shining blues, sparkling purples, glittering golds, bright reds, gleaming pinks, splendid oranges. The glowing crystalline jewels provided enough light the hunters could make out their immediate surroundings. Between them and the glowing wall, the ground was littered with rocks and stalagmites. Ahead of them, a rudimentary pathway wound through the tunnel closer to the left side wall and into the darkness ahead.
Leo, completely mesmerized by the sight, halted in his tracks. Such vibrant colors like a wall of stars. The islander was lost in the brilliance.
“Leo.” Kane said as he nudged his cousin.
“So brilliant.” Leo whispered. He tried to step toward the wall but Kane put a hand on his shoulder and kepr him firmly planted. A familiar tingle crept up the back of Grimey's neck. Something wasn't right with that place. He let his senses take over. The air was still and musky. There were sounds other than their own breathing and Leo's rambling whispers about the sparkling wall. The bearded hunter turned his focus to the wall. That's where it was. The jeweled rocks sparkle but some of them completely winked out. Some of the lights were turning off. Some came back on. Always in pairs.
They were eyes.
Now Grimey could see them. A pair of what appeared to be two yellow jewels side-by-side in the rock very slowly but surely moved. They slowly slithered down the wall toward the ground. Then he spotted a pair of purple eyes blinking at them. Some of the wall was made up of glowing jewels but the rest of it was alive and silently moving toward the hunters.
“Lads, we need to go.” Grimey said. Leo remained frozen. “We got lurkers all over the wall.” Kane picked up on the urgency in Grimey's tone and looked around. He saw the eyes as well and drew his spear. The muscular islander kept his eyes on the wall and shoved his cousin ahead along the pathway.
Glowing eyes descended from the wall like teardrops. Kane, who continued to shove his mesmerized cousin, kept his eyes peeled on the jeweled wall. Grimey, however, turned his attention away from the wall and kept his eyes on the ground. The glowing wall gave enough light to make out their pathway but little else. The glowing eyes vanished from sight once they descended the wall but the bearded hunter sensed the monsters were merely behind unseen rocks and were closing in. Then he saw it. Two glowing topaz orbs slid across the ground straight for him. It didn't matter if he couldn't see anything other than the glowing eyes, Grimey brought his axe down between them. He felt it land in soft flesh. There was a shrill cry and the topaz eyes faded out.
More eyes came into view. “Watch the ground. Here they come!” Grimey shouted to Kane, who was still watching the wall. The muscular hunter noticed a pair of sapphires closing in on him just in time to ram his spear into it. Another shriek and the blue faded to black.
Another lurker scurried across the ground aiming for Grimey. This time the eyes leaped through the air. Although it was too dark to see, Grimey was sure there were sharp teeth thirsting for a taste of his neck. The hunter raised his axe just in time to catch the beast. It fell to the ground, its glittering eyes faded out. But the monster fell in a spot illuminated by the glowing wall and Grimey got a look at what was after them. The lurker was a gangly beast about the length of Grimey's arm that crawled like a lizard on six legs. Four towards its head and two at the rear. Thin spines protruded from the top of its head and ran down the back of its neck. A long, flat snout contained a mouthful of small sharp teeth. The lurker also had a thick tail to help balance itself on the wall while stalking unsuspecting victims. But nothing about the lurker was as fantastic as its glowing eyes which matched perfectly with the jewels in the wall. Positioned at such an angle, a lurker's eyes could look forward or directly upward without moving its head. They were ideal for watching anything or anybody that passed through the tunnel while perched on the jeweled wall.
More were coming. Dozens of radiant eyes floated through the darkness toward the hunters. The monsters scurried quickly now and their rapid footsteps echoed in the cavern. Grimey covered the rear where the majority of lurkers attacked from. Leo was useless. Not even an attack could shake him free of the hypnotizing spell the tunnel wall cast on him. He merely mumbled to himself about the beauty and elegance of the lights and only moved when Kane shoved him forward. This was how the hunters progressed through the tunnel. Kane and Grimey would fight off waves of lurkers and between attacks Kane would shove Leo along until the next swell of lurkers closed in.
There was no end to the glowing-eyed beasts. Grimey's axe was getting a workout. Sweeping arcs took out monster after monster and didn't allow any glowing eyes to get near. The darkness of the cave no longer bothered the bearded hunter because the darkness made the glowing eyes stand out that much more. Easy targets. He shuffled his feet so as not to trip as he moved backward, swung his axe, and kept moving toward the sounds of Kane shoving Leo along. It was working well. Until Leo fell.
Still mesmerized by the glowing wall, Leo did nothing to break his fall when his foot caught on a small rock. He was sent crashing into the dirt landing hard on his face and shoulder. The upside was the impact was enough to break the spell he was under and Leo returned to his senses. The downside was there were several lurkers stalking in the darkness just ahead of the hunters waiting for such an opportunity. The glowing-eyed beasts swarmed on the islander before Kane could pick him up.
The tunnel echoed with screams of pain as lurker teeth sank into Leo's flesh. One bit down on his shoulder. Another latched onto a leg and a third grabbed hold of his hips. The beasts snarled as they clamped down on their victim and began dragging him away from the pathway into the darkness. Kane lunged at the beast on Leo's leg thrusting his spear through the glowing eyes. Another step forward and the spear found the body of the next lurker. The third lurker let go of Leo's shoulder and snapped at Kane. The muscular hunter sidestepped out of the way before shoving his spear into the beast. Then the large islander felt a searing pain shoot throughout his right leg. He drew his short sword and cleaved the lurker that had bit down on him. When he looked up another pair of glowing eyes were flying at him through the darkness. He recoiled backward while turning the blade of his sword such that the monster skewered itself as Kane fell onto his back. In the dim light of the tunnel Kane just made out the small razor sharp teeth just inches away from his neck. More glowing eyes were coming his way and Kane scrambled to his feet.
Leo was still on the ground kicking at a lurker trying to snatch his feet it its jaws. The lurker managed to catch Leo's already injured leg and clamped down. The beast violently shook its head back and forth, yanking on the hunter's leg in an attempt to drag him away. Leo clenched his teeth to keep from screaming out again. He could feel warm blood pouring out of the wound. The single monster couldn't move the hunter on its own so instead it leaped up onto Leo's chest intent on delivering a fatal bite to his neck. Kane got to it just in time and stabbed the monster in the neck. Pushing the carcass off of himself, Leo tried to stand but the pain in his leg brought him back down to his knees. He tried again, this time supporting most of his weight on his left leg. He limped forward a few steps but was halted by the sound of several beasts snarling nearby. When he looked a pair of eyes were shooting straight for him. Leo braced for impact but just then the beast was cut down. In the dim light Leo made out the silhouette of a large man holding a small axe in each hand.
“Look!” Grimey shouted. Leo turned down the path and saw it. There in the distant darkness was a single point of light. They were almost out of the tunnel. “Can you move on that thing?” Grimey asked indicating the bite on Kane's leg. The muscular islander nodded. “Then get him out of here.”
Kane hooked his arm under Leo's shoulder to support his weight and the two took off as fast as they could move. Grimey stayed back to fight off the pursuing lurkers. He found that the monsters bled easily. Very thin hides. He didn't need the extra weight of his great-axe to take out a lurker. All he needed was a quick swipe from a hatchet. The lurkers also tended to attack by leaping. It made things convenient because he didn't have to aim low at the ground. The poor visibility in the tunnel no longer bothered Grimey. He simply made a game of whacking the glowing eyes out of the air. And it was game on as he took on wave after wave of lurkers single-handed.
Keep the blades moving, keep the blades moving. It repeated in Grimey's mind over and over. And he listened. The hunter swiped, ducked, swung, dodged, and took out lurker after lurker. In the brief moments between kills Grimey inched his way toward the light at the end of the tunnel. A pair of eyes leaped at him and he deftly rolled away to avoid it. He came up in a kneel and heard a loud snap to his left. Without looking Grimey brought a hatchet down and felt it sink into soft flesh of a lurker that had just tried to bite him. The eyes faded out but Grimey had no time to bother watching it. He was back on his feet slashing, hacking, and making his way through the tunnel.
Kane and Leo struggled to keep moving. Leo's leg throbbed in pain. It couldn't support any weight and Kane practically carried him. It didn't help that a group of lurkers had followed them. Kane spotted their glowing eyes off to the right. He waited until the eyes came near before slashing with his sword. The lurker kept its distance and Kane's blade only found air. Then Kane noticed more eyes. Three lurkers were tracking them.
All three monsters leaped at once. Kane restrained Leo's momentum and the two hunters halted on the spot letting the six glowing eyes pass in front of them. Kane wasted no time pouncing on the nearest one, thrusting his short sword and extinguishing the eyes. He hacked down the second lurker and quickly sidestepped to avoid the snapping jaws of the third. Kane squared off with the glowing eyes anticipating an attack. Then the eyes suddenly faded to black. In the dim light Kane just made out the gleam of Leo's blade.
“Let's go before more come.” Leo said. Kane again supported his cousin's weight and the two moved as quickly as they could through the fading darkness.
The two islanders made it out of the tunnel without further attack. Little did they know that lurkers couldn't tolerate sunlight and gave up chasing them. In fact the monsters couldn't tolerate any celestial light. Moonlight and starlight were lethal to the beasts. The monsters were confined to the pitch blackness of the tunnel and its radiant jeweled rocks.
When the two made it out of the tunnel Leo quickly took notice of their surroundings. They had come to the base of a canyon about forty meters wide. Sandstone walls twelve meters high prevented them from seeing what lied beyond the rock walls. When the two hunters were clear of the tunnel, Leo signaled to a spot against the rock to their left. If there were any other monsters around at least the rock would guard their backs. Kane set his cousin down and got to work building a fire. Dusk had crept into the sky and the sun would soon leave completely. The muscular islander thought about charging back into the tunnel to find Grimey but quickly discarded the idea. There was no way he would leave his injured cousin unguarded and exposed in foreign territory.
An hour passed, the sun was a faint glow below the horizon, the moon had climbed into the sky, and there was still no sign of Grimey. Leo knew Grimey could handle himself but couldn't keep from thinking the worst. To take his mind off his worries Leo tended to his injuries. The bites on his shoulder and hip weren't severe. Lurker teeth were sharp but they were small and had only left a series of tiny cuts. No big deal. His leg, however, was a different story. The flesh was torn to shreds when the second lurker bit down and thrashed back and forth. He did his best to clean and bandage the wounds but he would need rest before regaining full mobility. Rest would take time. Time was something Leo did not want to lose.
Kane quickly snapped to attention, spear at the ready. Something had stirred in the darkness beyond the firelight.
“Easy lad it's just me.” Grimey strolled up and sat down against the rocks. “Good you made some stew. I'm starving.” He reached for a bowl and helped himself to a generous portion. The bearded hunter chewed loudly and relished the meal.
“Are you injured?” Leo asked noticing the many red streaks that ran down Grimey's face and body.
“Nah. Not my blood.” Grimey said between mouthfuls. “Don't worry I'll wash it off.” Leo marveled at the hunter. All those lurkers. At least an hour alone in the darkness with them. Yet not a scratch.
“What kept you so long?”
“I was having fun in there. Once you figure them out those things are easy to kill. Their mouths stick out about a foot beyond their eyes. More to hit.” Grimey swallowed a large chunk of meat. “Plus as I was making my way out I found a spot in the cave those lurkers won't cross. Like they're afraid of coming out. They just snarled at me.” Grimey shoved another spoonful of stew in his mouth. “I just stayed beyond that spot and hacked away.”
“Interesting. Well I'm glad you finally decided to join us.” Leo said.
“Your leg don't look so well.” Grimey reached for his pack and dug around in it. He pulled out a small white container, the healing balm Marian gave him all those weeks ago in Quarry after the kingpin hunt, and tossed it to Leo. “Rub some of this on. Be fine by morning.”
Grimey gave a quick smile then went off to wash himself. Kane was dozing off against the rocks. Leo slathered the balm onto his leg, deeply disturbed by his thoughts. He would have died in the tunnel if it weren't for the others. The jewels in the wall. The way they glowed was so hypnotizing. They grabbed him with an inescapable grip and wouldn't let go. The monster attack didn't register. Nothing else at all registered. He thought the others were fools for not seeing the true glory of those radiant stones. What were they doing darting around back and forth so quickly anyway? Why did Kane constantly push him and keep him away from those splendid jewels? Those were as far as his thoughts went while under the tunnel's spell. Everything was a blur. Was he in a trance for a few minutes or a few hours? Leo had no idea. The next coherent thought he had was filled with agony and he was on the ground. He didn't dare look at the jeweled wall again. Utterly useless. That's how he felt. He only killed one lurker and had to stab it in the back. Meanwhile Kane and Grimey killed countless lurkers to protect him. He gazed up into the starry sky and quickly found Orion's shape. How the legendary hunter would be ashamed of Leo for getting caught under the spell. Leo whispered a silent apology to the stars and hung his head low.
 Away from the others Grimey splashed water onto his face careful to avoid looking at the ground remembering what happened the last time he washed off. Instead he sorted through his thoughts on the tunnel. It was a good time hacking away at lurkers, that much was true, but he left the cave not because of fatigue or concern over his companions. When he found the spot the lurker's wouldn't cross he could have stayed there all night killing those beasts and he knew Kane would take care of Leo. No, something in that cave spooked the bearded hunter. He was in the darkness slashing and hacking and wearing a large grin while having his way with the lurkers when suddenly all the monsters stopped advancing. The tunnel fell silent as dozens of glowing eyes remained fixed on their harbinger of death. What happened next halted the hunter and sent him retreating for the exit. The many pairs of eyes, a dazzling sea of sapphire, amethyst, emerald, topaz, and more all blinked into one single color. The cave became a glowing inferno of crimson.

-** --*

Chapter 25

“Get up lad. Time to move.”
Leo made an effort to open his eyes and slowly blinked himself awake. It felt like only minutes had passed since he fell asleep. His back ached from lying on the hard ground and it took several moments for the haze of sleep to dissipate. The islander sat up and checked his leg. He unwrapped the bandages and was in disbelief at what he saw.
“It looks good.” Kane said. He was sitting nearby chewing on some dried meat. The previous night Leo's leg was a heap of shredded flesh oozing with blood. This morning it was decorated with red dots and streaks where lurker teeth had pierced and peeled the skin but the wounds were healed.
“That balm is good stuff isn't it.” Grimey said. “I bet those won't even scar. Well, maybe that long one. Good though! You'll have a real one to go along with the fake ones. So come on, get up!”
Leo nodded with a smile as he remembered how Grimey had referred to his tattoos as fake scars. He stood slowly and tested his leg. It was sore but supported his weight. One slow step followed by another. He flexed and bent it. Then he took a few more steps and walked around the campsite. Sore but manageable. All and all it was fine. He could travel. There was just one more test he needed to do.
Near the campsite, along the opposite canyon wall, was the remains of a single tree. It had long been dead and decayed. Dried up branches and sticks littered the surrounding dirt and only a bare trunk protruded about three meters from the ground. Leo stood ten meters away, a quiver of arrows strapped to his back, longbow in hand. He reached back, took an arrow between two fingers and nocked it onto the bowstring. With a deep breath Leo pulled the string back to full draw. He sighted past the arrow and locked onto the center of the tree trunk. He let the string slide away from his fingers and sent the arrow along its way. It plunged dead-center into the trunk. Four more arrows were loosed in rapid succession. Five arrows formed a small ring in the center of the trunk. Leo was satisfied. The aching leg didn't disrupt his aim. He could walk and he could hunt. It was indeed time to move.
“Nice shooting.” Grimey said. He had been watching a little ways away. “This place bothers me. Surrounded by red sandstone. Just makes the whole place feel hot and angry. Even worse is the only sign of life out here is that dead tree.”
The man has a point, Leo thought. “Welcome to the Northern Wastes.”
Leo felt Grimey's anxiety all too well. They had ventured into an undiscovered region of the map. All that's known about it is what sailors were able to observe when sailing along the coast, which resulted in rough sketches of coastal mountain ranges and stories of a red mountain spotted in the distance, which somebody named Iyre Mountain. Other than that, there were no records of the Northern Wastes to refer to. No clue of the landscape or of what kind of monsters may be lurking. All of them were completely out of their element but the islander wouldn't show it. He would maintain a brave front. Orion wouldn't quiver in fear at the foot of a legendary beast and so Leo wouldn't get spooked at some unknown land.
The hunters moved through the canyon, which had funneled into a narrow ravine forcing the hunters to walk single-file with Leo taking point, followed by Kane, and Grimey taking up the rear. Their pathway was filled with sharp turns and twists. It made Grimey uneasy because the rock walls were high enough to block out the sun's position in the sky. He couldn't observe the direction of shadows it would cast on the ground because the high sandstone walls left everything in shadow. The bearded hunter quickly lost his bearings and felt as though they were traveling in circles. Then there was the air. It was still, dry, and hot, which added to Grimey's unease. Why was it hot? First of all, they were in shade. Second, that far north the air should be cold. Everything about the environment bothered the bearded hunter and he kept a hand on a hatchet at all times.
 “You really expect something to be out here? Can't see anything living in this place.” Grimey asked.
“Seems logical.” Leo said.
“How you figure?”
“Back home when I want to be left alone for a moment I walk into the dense jungle or climb onto a jagged rock. Nobody's there because it's uncomfortable. If I were a beast and wanted to lay in wait year after year, century after century, this is where I'd be.”
“Hmph. Just because it's logical doesn't mean it makes sense.” Grimey said. Leo's brow furrowed in confusion. “How would it survive? Even monsters need to eat. Bet there's nothing up here. Nothing but dirty rocks.”
“I doubt you mean that.” Leo replied. Now it was Grimey's turn to furrow his brow. “If you did, why are you even here?”
Grimey's beard wrinkled at Leo's words. Leo was right of course but Grimey wasn't about to admit it. Now that he was there, Grimey did sense that something was in the Northern Wastes. Something had been drawing the hunter there. He hadn't told anybody about his dreams and how much they haunted his mind and he didn't intend to. The red eye that seemed to always show up, the voice that reverberated in his entire being, the burning heat. Those images and sensations weren't conjured by his mind but invaded it through some outside force. Grimey was sure of that and took it as a warning and a challenge. And he felt that whatever had infiltrated his dreams was somehow connected to what Leo believed they would find at Iyre Mountain.
The hunters cautiously made their way through the ravine. How much longer there was left to go nobody knew. Leo's knowledge of the region ended when they entered Tunnel of Lights. They could be lost in that rocky labyrinth for hours or days or longer. At least there was only one pathway to follow and there was no chance of getting lost. It was just a matter of how long it would take to reach the end. That was the one comfort Leo took after navigating through the ravine all morning. But his comfort didn't last much longer because the trio came to a fork.
“Right or left lads because I haven't a clue where we are.” Grimey said. It was true. Were they facing north, west, or any other direction? None of them knew. The hunters stood there contemplating their choice. Down the left path was dirt and sandstone. Down the right path was dirt and sandstone. Leo couldn't make up his mind and Kane offered no advice. Grimey wasn't in the mood to linger. “I'll go right. You two go left.” Before Leo could protest Grimey had drawn a hatchet and taken off to the right. Kane shrugged and nodded toward the left path.
Rock and dirt. That was all Grimey saw. Around every corner, every twist, and every turn. Rock and dirt. An eerie silence rang in the air. No wind or breeze came through the ravine. Grimey stopped, careful to keep perfectly still, and listened. Nothing. He closed his eyes and tilted his head slightly to focus his hearing. There had to be something out there stirring. A stray breeze, a rodent, an insect, something. But there was nothing. Even above the ravine the air wasn't moving. Never had he experienced such lack. No forms of life, no movement. It was as though nature had decided to skip this part of the world.
What the heck am I doing here? Grimey had the thought more than once during the journey but at this moment it was more pronounced than ever before. Wandering all alone in some god forsaken crack in the rock with no clue of when or how he would get out. Not quite what the hunter had in mind for an adventure. To make matters worse his beard was beginning to sweat. And why is it so damn hot?
Back home in Quarry the bearded hunter would have the perfect remedy for a hot day. Ice cold ale from a keg poured frothy in a mug. That sweet amber ambrosia cured any ailment and made the laughs come easier. It helped to ease soreness brought on by long hours working in the rock quarry. He missed that white mountain. There the air was cool and the rock friendly. Granite and marble that chipped away just right. It could be shaped and polished into a fine craft unlike the sandstone of the Northern Wastes, which was a harsh shade of red and relatively soft as far as rock is concerned. It wouldn't last. Grimey struck the rock with a hatchet and watched it crumble into pebbles and dust. It had decomposed, Grimey realized. Abandoned and eroded, the sandstone had become brittle and utterly useless. It couldn't be turned into anything more than mere rock. A craftsman would have no use for it. The sandstone would endure only as a harsh, empty stone, especially in that part of the world where nothing lived.
His mind wandered back to his time alone in the Tunnel of Lights. All those eyes turning red at once. Did it really happen or had the darkness actually gotten to him and what he saw was the result of some hallucinogenic mind trick? Either way it bothered him. The image of all those ruby red unblinking eyes staring at him unsettled the hunter. He couldn't flush it out of his mind or shake the thoughts. It was too reminiscent of his dreams. The jeweled eyes of those lurkers looked exactly like the burning eye that invaded his slumber. The whole reason why he joined Leo in the first place was because something about those dreams urged him on. Some indescribable impulse drew the bearded hunter away from Quarry and took him on a path to the unknown north. Maybe whatever it was that assaulted his dreams could be found in the Northern Wastes and the hunter could introduce it to his axe. 
The hunter's thoughts then returned to the situation he faced with the many switchbacks in the ravine. It felt like he was in a giant maze. A cruel, malicious maze of no end. How long had he been wandering in its shadow anyway? No idea. He had kept his senses sharp to be on alert of an ambush at first, but the hunter's focus grew weary and he holstered his hatchet. Besides, Grimey had figured the chances of an ambush were little. So little in fact that he didn't bother to keep a hand on a hatchet. Being on alert for an ambush slowed him down and he just wanted out of the maze, especially when he felt beads of sweat roll off his chin onto his beard. Fed up with the hot ravine, he quickly paced through the curves and switchbacks. He just wanted out.
His wish was granted.
The emergence from the ravine was so sudden Grimey didn't notice at first. He walked several paces filled with frustration before realizing there were no longer any walls around him. Stunned with his own lack of sense, Grimey halted and drew his axe. A new environment could mean new danger and he just blindly walked into an unknown place, which was always potentially dangerous.
He stood along the rim of a vast gulch. The ground descended slightly such that it made the hunter think of a huge bowl made of dirt. What stood at the center of the gulch, however, didn't match the rest of the surroundings. A large cone-shaped mountain emerged from the ground and towered over the landscape. But it wasn't the fact that a mountain was there that was odd. It was its color. It was of a distinctly deeper shade of red than the surrounding sandstone. It was almost crimson. Grimey, although having never seen or read anything about it before, knew this was Iyre Mountain.

-** --*

Chapter 26

He didn't like the idea of splitting up. Especially in an unknown region. Nobody knew what kind of beasts laid in wait to attack in the twisting ravine. The geology gave any monster an advantage and it seemed all to easy to thin out a pack of travelers, or in this case hunters, by splitting the path. Leo really didn't like the idea of splitting up. He felt they should have stuck together.
The island hunter sturdily limped his way through the ravine following his muscular cousin. Given the amount of damage his leg took in the tunnel the previous day he was amazed he could even stand on it let alone walk. That balm Grimey gave him the previous night must have been something of a miracle. But the healing balm couldn't keep the soreness from growing after having walked all morning long. They moved slowly, which only gave Leo more time to dwell on how much he disliked splitting up.
“Just nod and go huh?” Leo said. Kane raised an eyebrow. “Didn't even try to talk him out of it. Why do you always have to be so silent?”
Kane tried to pay no mind to the words but he didn't like the implication or where Leo's words were leading.
“And then he just walked off. And we're now split up.” Leo wasn't done yet. “You didn't even try to go after him. My leg is injured, there was no way I could catch him. And you just let him go. Now who knows where he is? Who knows where we are? He could have been ambushed and dead because you let him go. That beard can't fight off everything.”
Kane stopped, turned, and squared off with Leo. The muscular islander was done listening to his younger cousin's whining. “Grimey can take care of himself. You, however, cannot.” Kane said no more, turned and continued through the ravine. Leo was stunned. Never before had Kane shown such silent animosity toward another person. A monster sure, but not a person. His eyes narrowed the way they do just before he pounces on a monster. Leo realized he may have crossed a line with his words and came back to his senses. He didn't understand why he had become so upset. He knew Grimey made a reasonable decision to split up and Grimey was indeed perfectly capable of taking care of himself. Still, Leo became very mad and just took it out on what was convenient. But why? The islander couldn't understand it and grew frustrated. Realizing his emotions were rising again, Leo checked himself.
“Hey Kane.” Leo said. The muscular islander turned with a look of caution. “I'm sorry. There's just something about this place. I didn't mean it.” Kane's face softened, he nodded and continued to lead the way.
It grew increasingly hot as the sun passed zenith, although the hunters wouldn't know this being in the shadow of the ravine. Heat waves radiated from the ground and a bead of sweat fell from Kane's face. The muscular hunter wore a constant face of irritation. He was hot, he was tired, he was being slowed by his injured cousin, and he had no idea how long they had been wandering nor how much longer they would be trapped in the confines of the ravine. How much quicker he could reach the end of that maze if he were on his own. The thought of leaving Leo behind did cross the large islander's mind but Kane's sense of duty and familial compassion kept him from acting on the impulse. He grew increasingly frustrated at the situation but he remained with Leo.
Maybe there was something about this place just as Leo said, Kane thought. The two had been in several uncomfortable situations in the past and never before had the thought of abandoning his cousin ever entered the muscular hunter's mind. Kane quickly checked his attitude and then checked on his cousin. Leo was clearly limping but also clearly determined to push on.
“Look. What's that?” Leo said. The two islanders came to a long straightaway. At the end of the pathway there was something in the distance distinctly redder than the surrounding sandstone. Leo's gaze traveled upward and he could see the colored rock belonged to a cone shaped mountain that loomed not too far ahead. “That's it. Iyre Mountain.”
Leo ignored the ache in his leg and quickly hobbled down the rocky hallway. Before he reached the end the island hunter sensed a change in the air. It was as though the pressure dropped making the air feel more still than it had before. It made a memory stir in his mind but before he could recall it the ground began to shake. The two islanders staggered and clung to the rock wall to maintain their balance. Then a powerful gust of hot air blasted through the ravine. The two islanders braced themselves against the force. That's when Leo remembered. It was just like the night of the rumble on his island home all those weeks ago. The two endured the rumble for only a moment and the air and ground became still once again. But their reprieve wouldn't last long. The ground began to rumble once more.
Both hunters lost their footing. Rock began to fall from the canyon walls. Kane was dusted with pebbles while a large rock crashed down, narrowly missing Leo's head. The two hunters scrambled to their feet and ran. Rocks peppered the hunters while they managed to dodge the larger stones.
The two made it out of the ravine and the ground continued to rumble violently beneath their feet. The sound of the shaking earth groaned, roared, and echoed all around them. They were forced to kneel to keep from falling over and were completely disoriented by the assaulting rumble. Leo gathered his wits enough to notice they had cleared the ravine and had come to the edge of a wide gulch and the red cone of Iyre Mountain loomed in front of them. Without having to worry about being pummeled by falling rocks, the two hunters stumbled against the shaking ground toward the base of the mountain.
A pathway laid before the islanders which led to the mountain. Leo's gaze followed the path, which also stretched up the mountain in a straight line. Unless his eyes were playing tricks on him, Leo thought he saw logs laid across the pathway at regular intervals all the way up the mountainside like a stairway to the summit. Towards the top of the rudimentary staircase a figure slowly advanced upward. Although the figure was a ways away, Leo could clearly see he had a full beard and an axe holstered across his back. Grimey was nearly at the top of Iyre Mountain.
The two island hunters stood tall once the ground stopped moving. They both watched Grimey's shape continue to the top of the mountain. Leo wanted a closer look. His eyes turned a radiant white as the islander focused his vision and he saw Grimey as though he were just a few feet in front of him. Sweat beaded off the bearded hunter's neck and soaked the back of his shirt. It was clearly a strenuous hike up the stairs. The bearded hunter was nearly at the top, which to Leo appeared to be the rim of a crater. When Grimey reached the summit he looked this way and that and then caught sight of something. The bearded hunter froze in his tracks then quickly crouched behind a rock. Carefully, he peeked over the rock. Something inside the crater held his gaze. What was he looking at? What happened next both surprised and alarmed Leo. And the ground began to shake more violently than it had before.

I hate it when my beard sweats! Grimey's beard dripped so much it formed a sweat-path on the ground. He had been hiking the makeshift stairway up the mountainside for over fifteen minutes taking large strides to reach each step. For an isolated mountain in a region where nobody ventured to, the stairway was very well built and rather sturdy. Not a single log was loose, the path was clearly laid out, and it was impossible to deviate off course since it was a straight line from the base of the mountain to the summit. It was almost too well laid out. The whole thing set a warning off in Grimey's head but he had come too far not to see what this mountain was all about so up he went. The air was hot, his lungs burned with each breath, and sweat poured out of him but Grimey was determined to reach the the summit. Then the ground began to shake.
The hunter leaned forward against the steps to steady himself. He was about twenty meters from the top. When the tremor subsided he continued. He only made it ten meters further when the ground began shaking again. It rumbled fiercely and loudly for a few minutes. Grimey was forced to kneel and keep a grip on the step in front of him. A low roar echoed from within the mountain. An odd sound but Grimey figured it was just the earth groaning through the rumble. Finally, after what felt like ages, the rumble quieted and the ground was still once more. Grimey continued to the top of the stairway.
A crater. The summit of Iyre Mountain was a crater. A memory scratched at the back of Grimey's mind. He stood on the crater's rim. The center of it sank into the mountain. It was impossible to tell how far down it went through a screen of smoke which billowed from the crater's depths and at random spots around the rim. Intense heat smelt the hunter's face. Then it hit him. Grimey recalled stories of exploding mountains, all of which were cone-shaped and cratered at the top just like the mountain he stood on. Panic threatened to course through the hunter until something caught his eye. Movement from inside the crater. It was difficult to see through the smoke but there was definitely something moving down there. The bearded hunter ducked behind a nearby rock but kept an eye on the crater depths.
Through the misty smoke something was definitely moving, churning in the depths of the crater. A vibration emanated from within the mountain shaking small pebbles and dirt and a low deep groan reverberated in the ground. It stirred the air within the crater and the smoke momentarily cleared giving Grimey a clear view of what was inside. It was mostly rock but deep within there was a small opening that revealed what was down there. He knew what it was instantly. Like the glow from a hot iron on the hunter's forge, the depths of the crater glowed a bright red-orange. Molten rock churned within the mountain and a small crack at the bottom of the crater was its only window. The hot magma glowed brighter and brighter then it occurred to the hunter what was happening. It wasn't actually getting brighter but it was getting closer. The magma was rising.
The rim of the crater began to vibrate again and another low groan reverberated from the depths. Great, the hunter thought, all this way and that islander brought me to the top of a mountain about to explode. No monster, no myth, just a hot mountain ready to pop.
Grimey turned and was about to descend back down the stairs when suddenly the bottom of the crater burst open sending chunks of rock into the air and a deafening roar tore through the atmosphere. A massive winged beast had launched out of the crater and with one powerful beat of its wings propelled itself up to the edge of the crater and landed on the opposite side of where Grimey was.
Massive red claws dug into the earth as the beast crouched on powerful, muscular hind legs. Its smaller forelegs curled and flexed as though the beast was testing their movement before bringing them to rest on the ground. Its wings stretched wide and flapped sending waves of air rushing to the ground stirring up the dirt. The beast craned its long neck upward, opened is jaws reveling lethal fangs and teeth that were red like ruby, and its tongue flicked the air as its tail whipped back and forth. Its red scales gleamed in the sunlight as the beast stretched its entire body.
A dragon. A massive, crimson dragon. The beast must have been at least five meters high crouched and spanned at least eight meters in length. Grimey's jaw hung open as he stared awestruck. It's real, he thought. A dragon hadn't been seen in the world for centuries. They were thought to be extinct, eradicated, but there one stood before the bearded hunter. Glorious and terrible, the beast shook off centuries of slumber. But something wasn't quite right about it. Grimey noticed the beast appeared wounded. There was a large gash along the left side of its body. It didn't bleed, it wasn't festered, but there was a large cut in the dragon's side. Another open wound was on its right hind leg, which exposed white bone and another along the base of its tail. The dragon turned its head and Grimey saw that part of the right side of its face was missing. Instead of scales, the beast's exposed skull made up almost half of its face.
The wounds didn't seem to bother the beast at all as though they were normal and supposed to be there. No signs of rot or pus could be seen and the dragon didn't tend to them in the least. The dragon continued to stretch, take small steps one way then another, flex its wings then fold them against its body. Then it stopped and remained still. Its tongue flicked the air several times and its nostrils flared. Slowly, as if following a trail, the beast turned its head and fixed its gaze directly on Grimey. For the first time he noticed its eyes. Ruby red with a black slit at the center for a pupil. He had seen it before. It was the eye that invaded his dreams and at that moment two of them, one from the red scales of the dragon's face and the other embedded in the empty black socket of its skull, bore down on him and burned with rage. At that moment a sensation Grimey was unfamiliar with, a feeling he hadn't felt in years, coursed through his entire being: fear.
He was paralyzed. All the bearded hunter could do was stare wide-eyed. Even his mind was empty. The thought of drawing his axe or trying to throw a hatchet across the crater didn't even register. He was frozen, unable to comprehend anything but fear.
The dragon took flight, easily glided through the air, then stopped and hovered over the center of the crater. Its wings were spread wide catching the updraft and rising smoke from within the crater creating the illusion that the beast could actually stand in mid air. And those ruby eyes never strayed from the bearded hunter, who was still overwhelmed by the sight of the dragon.
The beast's upper lip curled revealing sharp fangs and teeth. They looked eager to taste a victim's flesh. A low growl reverberated from the dragon's throat sending waves of vibration through the air, into the ground, and into Grimey's bones. Something pecked at the back of Grimey's mind that these sensations were familiar. It was just like one of his dream. The vibrations in his body shook and rang against each other creating the sensation of sound from within his very bones. It formed a single word: Arkadius.
Grimey's fear amplified into absolute terror. But before he could comprehend the impact of what he just experienced something strange happened. The dragon's wounds began to bleed profusely and blood dripped in globs into the crater depths. The beast's neck recoiled and shot out as it opened its jaws. A giant glob of blood hurled through the air toward the bearded hunter. Grimey snapped out of his trance and ducked behind a rock. The red fluid splashed against the rock and sprayed the surrounding area. Several droplets landed next to Grimey. He watched them sizzle and steam on the dirt. The blood was hot. Grimey hovered his hand above the fluid and felt intense heat. The blood could burn through his skin with ease.
Another deafening roar ripped through the air followed by the sound of wings beating. Grimey had no doubt the dragon was coming his way. The hunter scrambled to move away, careful to avoid any drops of blood. The next moment the dragon's claws smashed the rock Grimey was just leaning against into pieces. By instinct the hunter turned and lobbed a hatchet. The dragon watched the blade harmlessly glance off its scales and land on the ground. It snarled as though amused at the feeble attack. When the beast turned back, the hunter was gone.
Grimey didn't bother to see where his blade landed, as soon as it left his hand he took off down the mountain. Fueled by adrenaline and terror the hunter had never felt his legs move so quickly or so agile as he dashed down Iyre Mountain's makeshift staircase. It took the hunter over twenty minutes to hike up Iyre Mountain and in less than one he was a third of the way down. Then the ground began to shake furiously. Grimey lost his balance and fell hard to the ground. He rolled down several steps before leaping back to his feet. He blocked out whatever pain the fall caused and continued to sprint down the mountain. But he didn't make it far with the ground rumbling before he stumbled again. Instinct told him not to bother regaining his balance, that would only slow him down, so instead he leaped forward and tumbled down more steps. Good thing too because hot red liquid splashed on the ground behind him and burned through the logs that made up the staircase.
Another roar filled the air but this time it came from higher up. The dragon had taken flight. The ground continued to shake and a low groan bellowed from within the mountain. Grimey continued to stumble, leap, roll, and mostly fall down the mountain. Getting off the mountain and away from the dragon was all that mattered. Leo and Kane met him at the bottom.
“It's real! Your great beast is real. It's a dragon!” Grimey shouted as he sprinted toward his friends.
“Yes we saw.” Leo shouted back. “It took flight, circling up -” Grimey didn't bother to slow down to listen. The bearded hunter dashed past the two others and kept going up the gulch toward the entrance to the ravine he came from. Leo and Kane got the hint and followed. Now was not the time for talking.
They were nearing the top of the gulch when a powerful tremor shook all three hunters just as the mountain exploded. A pressure wave sent them sailing several meters through the air to land hard on the ground. All sense of sound was stripped from them. Delirious, Grimey rolled onto his back. Pain was all he knew. The explosion rattled his bones, pounded his brain, stole his breath, and blurred his vision. Pure agony was all he knew.
Whether he laid there for seconds or minutes Grimey didn't know. Each breath felt like a fire ignited within his lungs. The lack of all sound was gradually replaced with a high pitched ring. Eventually his vision cleared and he saw the top third of Iyre Mountain was gone. A cloud of smoke rose out of the mountain and formed a distinctive dome shape. The sky had darkened and glowing rivers of magma flowed down the mountainside. Feeling returned to the hunter. It was raining but the raindrops were hard. Water was not falling from the sky. It was rock. Small pebbles and stones showered the gulch. Then a large boulder crashed down a few meters in front of Grimey. Then another off to the right. Survival instincts kicked into gear and Grimey forced himself to crawl. He had to move. They all had to move or they would be either crushed or swallowed by molten rock.
With a monumental effort Grimey staggered to his feet and limped over to Kane to help him up. The muscular islander was heavily dazed but managed to stand. The two reached Leo while rocks and dust continued to pepper them.
Leo was unconscious. “Wake up lad!” Grimey shouted and repeatedly slapped his face. The islander groaned. “Up! Up! We have to go!”
The rivers of magma reached the base of the mountain and began filling up the gulch. It wouldn't be long until the entire gulch became a lake of lava.
“We really need to go!” Grimey shouted. Leo woke and managed to sit up. But that was the extend of his movement. There was no time to wait any further. Grimey and Kane each took one of Leo's arms and hoisted him up. The two hunters half carried, half dragged Leo into the ravine. Leo's senses returned to him once they were within the canyon walls and he managed to move on his own. The ground had stopped shaking but stone continued to fall from the sky. The hunters were constantly pelted with rock but fortune kept the large boulders away from them.
The hunters navigated through the ravine back to the clearing where the entrance to the Tunnel of Lights was. At that moment the black tunnel was a welcome sight but when the hunters began to move toward the crack in the wall the dragon swooped down and landed in their way. Leo staggered back at the sight of it. The dragon towered over the hunters, its jaws could easily snap any of them up. The beast let loose a roar that shook the canyon walls. It stalked forward a few steps and pounced for the hunters, who all sprinted to get out of the way. Grimey dashed right, Kane and Leo dashed left. The dragon followed Grimey. It lunged for a bite and Grimey dove, narrowly escaping its razor-sharp teeth. As he came to his feet Grimey drew his axe and swung, striking the dragon's snout with the blunt side of the axe. The strike carried enough force to knock the dragon back. The bearded hunter kept his axe raised and faced the beast.
There was really no other choice as Grimey saw it. The hunter was trapped with nowhere to run. Fighting was the only option.
The dragon kept low on all fours and circled the bearded hunter. Its ruby eyes bored into its prey with burning fury. A low growl reverberated from the dragon's throat. As it began to bare its teeth an arrow glanced off the side of its face. Then another. Leo fired four arrows in rapid succession but none of them pierced the dragon's scales. The islander pulled his bow to a full draw and fired. This time the arrow punctured and lodged into a scale just below its jaw. The dragon merely dipped its head and plucked the arrow out with one of its forelegs. It seemed more irritated about the arrows than anything. Then Leo saw the gash it the beast's side and fired an arrow into it. The arrow lodged into the wound but it had no affect on the dragon.
Suddenly the dragon let loose a shrieking cry. Kane had thrown his spear with all his might and pierced the dragons hind left leg. The spear tip punctured through the scales and found its way into the soft flesh below.
The dragon craned its long neck, pulled out the spear with its jaws and bit down shattering it to pieces. The beast turned on Kane while whipping its tail at Grimey. The bearded hunter took the hit and was sent sprawling to the ground. His entire side would bruise from the blow. The dragon moved to the center of the clearing as it stalked Kane. It recoiled its neck and blood began to pour out of its wounds.
“Kane! Move!” Grimey shouted. The muscular islander dove and narrowly avoided the glob of blood that splashed onto the rock wall behind where he just stood.
Rock continued to shower from above and a large boulder struck the dragon's wing. The beast staggered briefly but shook off the hit. Then another boulder landed just next to the beast, causing it to recoil back. It was all the opportunity the hunters needed to flee.
“Quick, into the tunnel.” Leo shouted. The three hunters bolted into the tunnel with Kane aiding Leo, who was still limping on his wounded leg. Grimey was the last in the tunnel. He sensed the dragon's jaws snap behind him as he entered the crack in the wall. He narrowly avoided a fatal bite.
The three kept moving further into the black of the tunnel. The dragon let loose a roar which echoed and shook the walls around them. Next they heard the beat of its wings fade into the distance. Only the sound of the hunters heavy breathing remained. They collapsed onto the ground, safe in the darkness.
“I can't believe it lads.” Grimey said. “It's actually real.”

-** --*

Chapter 27

“So how do we hunt that thing?” Nobody answered. Nobody dared to venture a guess. The only sound came from their feet trudging along the dirt path that crested over one of the many hills of the Windy Pass. They had traveled cautiously for the past few days, which allowed Leo's leg to heal up. Nobody spoke much. They had gone beyond the gusting winds of the pass and finally Grimey was able to express the question on all their minds. He wasn't surprised at the silence that met his question. He didn't have any ideas himself either.
“My spear did nothing.” Kane said. Leo nodded. It was the only weapon that punctured the dragon's scales deep enough to hit flesh and it had no affect. If anything it might have irritated the dragon. Leo's arrows merely bounced off the beast just like Grimey's hatchets did. Their only option at that point was to flee. Luckily the falling rocks gave an opportunity to do so.
“Do you have any ideas?” Leo asked. Grimey shook his head and met Leo's eyes. Those eyes weren't hopeful but they longed for any shred of an idea. Silence continued to sing loudly.
What a blur the past few days were, Grimey thought. Traveling far north, the pitch black Tunnel of Lights, a dragon rose from the depths of the earth, and a mountain exploded. After all that their journey back to Khurt was surprisingly uneventful. Grimey kept watch for blinking jewels as they passed through the glowing section of the tunnel. He was ready to face swarms of lurkers but no swarm ever came. Only a few of the cave-dwelling beasts attempted to ambush the hunters. It wasn't difficult at all for Grimey to spot them and cut them down with a hatchet. It was almost effortless.
The three hunters did hesitate a moment when they reached the end of the tunnel. The dragon may have been waiting for them on the other side. What if it was circling the skies waiting to swoop down and rip apart the first thing that came out of the tunnel with those massive claws? What if it was hungry and viewed the hunters as a meal? Or what if is was simply perched above the tunnel entrance waiting to spit on them with scalding blood?
There was only one way to find out. Grimey exited the tunnel first, axe at the ready. He burst through the crack in the rock at a run, immediately scanned the landscape and then the skies ready to duck, dive, dodge, and fight. But there was no sign of the dragon. No sign of anything red anywhere. Grimey slowed to a walk and waved the others out of the tunnel.
The great beast was gone. Unfortunately that meant it could be anywhere, or on its way to anywhere. Those wings could carry it clear across Arlynd with ease. However, on the upside the three hunters were safe. Better to live and figure out how to hunt down the dragon than be blindly killed by it.
Their journey through the Windy Pass was windy, as expected, but nothing more. No buzzards attacked. In fact the only buzzards they saw were the decaying corpses of those they killed a few days earlier. “Not too graceful anymore are ya.” Grimey said to one of the corpses, kicking it as he passed by.
The hunters had continued beyond the Windy Pass and were now almose at Khurt Town when Grimey posed the question about how to hunt the dragon. Until then they had trekked up and down the many hills in silence. And now the bearded hunter had fallen silent as Leo turned the question back on him. He didn't have a single idea. Then a simple thought came to mind.
“I think taking its head off might work.” Seemed like a reasonable approach. Leo's face drooped and his eyes turned incredulous. Grimey shrugged and kept walking. “Did you see its wounds?”
“Yes. I shot an arrow into the large one along its body. Nothing happened.” Leo said, “It bled from those wounds just before it spit up blood. You warned Kane to get out of the way. How did you know?”
“When I was at the top of the mountain the thing spit at me. I ducked behind a rock but some splattered around me. I could feel heat coming off of it. That stuff burns. And I saw its wounds start bleeding just before it spit at me.” Grimey said.
“Interesting. At least we know something to watch out for.” Leo said with a furrowed brow.
“I heard the thing. It spoke to me.” Grimey said, which sparked a look of confusion from the two islanders. “When it first burst out of the mountain. It looked at me and growled. I heard a word in there.”
Kane and Leo were in disbelief. Monsters don't talk. They growl, sneer, screech, and yelp but they never speak. “What did it say?” Leo asked.
“A single word. It said 'Arkadius.' I don't know how it could know that. Nobody knows that.” Grimey scoffed. “There aren't supposed to be dragons either but there is a dragon and it knows that word.”
“What's Arkadius?” Kane asked.
There was a pause. Grimey took a long breath deciding whether to say anything further or keep silent. But he also knew that this particular situation was too unique to keep to himself. Hearing the word in a dream is one thing but hearing it spoken by a beast thought to be extinct is an entirely different matter.
“It's my name. My real name.”

The three hunters were cresting the top of the last hill before reaching Khurt when Leo spotted something in the ground. An arrow protruded from the dirt. Nearby was another one. Both were angled steeply, telling Leo that they had been fired skyward, missed their target, and landed there in the ground. Observing the angle, Leo figured the arrows must have come from the other side of the hill they were currently climbing. Just over the hill was the town of Khurt. A horrible thought dashed into Leo's mind.
“It was here.” Leo said. The others snapped to attention. “These arrows. They were fired skyward. The dragon was here.”
Leo dashed to the top of the hill, the others close behind. What they saw below halted them in their tracks. Khurt had been reduced to rubble. What were once buildings and houses were now fallen rooftops, lone walls, and piles of rock. Here and there, red ooze dripped down from the ruins. The dragon's blood. Rained down from above to scorch any person below and burn through anything else it touched. There was no doubt that the dragon was there.
Grimey quickly scanned the skies and surrounding landscape for any sign of the beast. But the skies were blue, the hills were green and gold with poppies. No sign of anything red. The beast had gone.
With no sign of danger Grimey dashed toward the ruined town. The other two followed. The three hunters scavenged through the ruined town for survivors. They found several bodies but no signs of life. Grimey spotted a pair of legs sticking out from behind a pile of rubble and jogged over to them in hopes of finding a survivor. Only a lifeless body of a once able-bodied man laid face down, arms spread wide. There was a quiver of arrows strapped to his back and nearby a crossbow rested on the ground. This man was one of Khurt's local hunters.
Grimey felt a pang of sorrow course within him. The loss of any hunter was a tragedy. The loss of an entire town was unfathomable when hunters were there to defend it. But here lied a hunter who had died defending his home. A once unimaginable scene had become a reality. Grimey bowed his head and silently mourned for the man.
When he raised his head, Grimey noticed the hunter's body was different from the other deceased they found. Every other body they came across had been partially or totally buried under rubble. They had been crushed or trapped. However, this man was out in the open in an alley much too small for the dragon to fit into. And the wound was a single, crushing strike to the back of the skull. The shape of the wound ended in a point, which seemed familiar to Grimey. Then it hit him. A buzzard tail had struck down the Khurt hunter.
Grimey called over Leo and Kane and shared his discovery. The two islanders agreed. The dripping blood and wreckage left no doubt the dragon had been there. Now, after looking at the local hunter's corpse, it seemed like the dragon was not alone. They found others slain in the same way as well. To imagine the sky filled with shining black buzzards, screeching and diving with their whipping tails while the great red beast circled above, spewing scalding blood and tearing down homes was something straight from a nightmare. No wonder the Windy Pass held no sign of buzzards. They had all followed the dragon, just like how banshees follow a kingpin.
When the hunters reached the town square they found it demolished like the rest of the town. Even the small fountain at the center was reduced to bits. The water that once filled the small pool had long since drained and evaporated.
Kane dashed off up the hill a ways. He leaped and scaled over rubble until he reached what was left of a particular house. Grimey watched as the islander swarmed inside and disappear into the ruins. The islander scoured the inside for several long moments. He emerged with his head low and slowly made his way back to the town square. Completely dejected, Kane sat on the rubble that was the fountain. He looked around hopelessly shaking his head taking in the sight of what remained. All of Khurt was in ruins. Leo sat next to his cousin, patted him on the shoulder and said a few silent words.
“No sign of them.” Kane said. It was all Grimey could hear of their conversation. Leo whispered something else to his cousin. Grimey couldn't make out the words but they sounded hopeful though it did nothing to better Kane's gloom.
Before Grimey could think more on what the two were talking about something caught his attention. A shuffling sound came from what used to be the bar. Only the southwestern corner wall stood, the rest of the tavern was rubble. But underneath it all came the unmistakable moan of a man in need of help. All three of them heard it and Kane was the first to move. He rushed over and began heaving stones aside. Grimey joined him. They uncovered the bartender. His body was broken beyond repair and he clung to what little life was left.
The man struggled to focus his eyes, which eventually locked onto Grimey. “You.” The bartender uttered. He then noticed Kane, then Leo, “All of you. Could have used your help.” He coughed and spit up blood, most of which spattered onto his chin.
Leo knelt next to the man, “What happened here?” he asked softly. The bartender went into a coughing fit before answering.
“Reapers. A whole skyful of them. Attacked. Relentless. Tails and screams. Then a roar.” The bartender's eyes widened as he recalled the memory, “Terrible roar. A dragon. Red like ruby. High above. Rained blood. Watched as reapers terrorized us. Too many. Couldn't fight them. Then it dove. The dragon. A real dragon. Destroyed the town. And my bar.” There was no hope left in the bartender's eyes. His town was ruined and his bar, his livelihood, was destroyed. There was nothing else for him anymore.
“Did anyone get out?” Leo asked.
The bartender's eyes wandered and began to roll into the back of his head. Leo put a firm hand on the man's shoulder a repeated the question. It was enough to bring the bartender back. “A few. Fled to the woods.” Kane shifted at these words and a glimmer of hope flashed in his eyes. The bartender went into another coughing fit, spattering more blood onto his chin and chest. He didn't have much time left. With his last remaining strength the bartender gripped Leo's arm. “You. Have. Work to do.” The bartender's grip loosened and his body was still.

-** --*

Chapter 28

There was no knowing which way to go next. Khurt was in ruins, now just a monument to the terrible power of a beast once thought extinct. The dragon, now risen from the depths of the earth, could be anywhere. Destroying another town. Perched on a mountain top. Or soaring high above preying on its next target. It left no tracks, no trail, no clue of any kind where it was heading. There was no reason to stay in Khurt any longer. The hunters left what used to be the small town on the hill behind them.
“What's the closest town from here?” Grimey asked.
“Greenwater. Back south where we came from.” Leo answered. “Do you think it went there?”
“Don't know lad. But maybe the survivors did. Be good to get an account of what happened. Learn more about the beast. Maybe even help them find a new home.”
It was as good a decision as any. Without knowing where the dragon went it was the next logical thing to do. The hunters took the path that led south. It wasn't long until they were back in the woods underneath a shady canopy. The air was still but cool. A relief when Grimey considered how hot it had been in the Northern Wastes.
“Arkadius Scot is your full name then.” Kane said. It was always a surprise when he broke the silence. “Why do you not go by that name?”
There was a long pause as Grimey considered his words. He knew exactly why but needed a moment to put the thought together. An old memory of his younger years flashed in the hunter's mind. He saw himself as a boy, running around outdoors, playing in the dirt, climbing rocks. I always did like playing on the rock, Grimey thought. No coincidence he took up working in a rock quarry as a hobby when he grew up. People that knew him as a boy would smile, admiring his vigor and energy for life. They would also comment on how a layer of filth always covered his skin. One day a particular elder commented on how the boy's skin was no longer skin but had turned to grime. Grimey recalled the gentle hands of his mother thoroughly washing his skin later that day. “Such a mess, you are my boy. Sometimes I don't know if you're my Ark or a walking heap of dirt!” She had often joked about her son's messy appearance. Little Ark normally just grinned back at his mother but on that day the boy had a response, “From today forth, I'll be known as Grimey!” The boy's mother smiled, shaking her head as she combed a strand of her light brown hair back with her fingers.
Grimey snapped back to reality. It had been so long since the bearded hunter reflected on his younger years. A time when he still had a family and monsters didn't fill his world. A time before he was a hunter. It was a warm memory which reminded him why he hunted. Nobody should have to suffer losing their family the way he did. He felt this purpose all more profoundly now that a dragon had come back to the world.
Kane patiently waited for an answer to his question. He could clearly tell Grimey was thinking about it. Not wanting to ignore the question or brush his companion aside any further, the bearded hunter found the words he was searching for.
“I go by the name I choose.” Grimey said nothing more and walked ahead.
Kane considered the bearded hunter's words. After a moment he simply nodded to himself and accepted Grimey's explanation. It made sense to the muscular islander.
“Wait, what does that mean?” Leo asked his cousin. Leo was left confused by Grimey's remark but Kane would give his cousin no relief. The muscular islander simply smiled and cast his younger cousin a look before walking ahead. Leo understood the meaning immediately: one day you'll understand.
Leo walked alone for the moment, confused at the exchange between his two companions. The islander knew things were not well in the world but for the moment things felt somewhat normal. Traveling with his cousin through the wilderness like he had done for most of his life. He had made a new hunting partner and, he felt, a new friend in Grimey. Thinking about it, Leo realized that Grimey could be the first friend he's made in many years. For so long it was just he and Kane and now it felt as though the three of them were bound together. Leo's right hand found the seashell necklace he had found on Northern Isle all those weeks ago. A faint smile touched his face. They'll figure things out. Somehow, some way, they'll figure out how to kill the dragon. Leo caught up with the others.
“So what's your plan Grimey? How do you expect it will take to locate the dragon?” Leo asked.
“Don't know lad. But I say we keep on the road, spread the word the dragon has risen. That thing should make quite a ruckus, won't be long until we hear word of its whereabouts.”
“Then what?”
“We hunt it down.”

-** --*

Epilogue

The full moon shone bright in the clear night sky, illuminating vivid evergreens. The perpetually green trees swayed, soughing in the steady easterly winds. High above, the stars glittered like magnificent jewels in the sky. To many it was a glorious winter night. But there was one who saw things differently. He didn't see bright glittering stars, but chaotic orbs burning fiercely. He didn't feel a calm night but a calm before the storm. Even the moon was brighter than usual. It radiated a silver that matched the elder man's hair.
The elder man's sagacious eyes scrutinized the stars above. He would read the stars from time to time but only in recent months have they had anything significant to say. Ever since he noticed the stars of the water carrier become a shade bluer he had made it a ritual to read the sky nightly. That subtle shift in color carried a grave message of a rising tide. It took a powerful force to upset the balance in the oceans and the elder man knew this to be a warning of things to come. Since then he had watched other shifts in the night sky. Some stars changed in brightness, others changed color, and some even changed position in the sky. All very subtle changes that would be lost on a casual observer but this man's eyes were well versed in celestial language.
The great bear was lit brightly. A signal for the need of strength. The scales of Libra were off-balance. Things were indeed turning toward chaos. But the stars that caught the man's eye the most belonged to Orion and his dog Canis. They burned brighter than any other constellation in the sky. He had watched the dog-star Sirius shift from blue to red in the past few weeks and on this night it was a fiery crimson.
“It has risen then.” The man said. “Soon the others will return as well.”
He spoke to nobody but himself in a small clearing in the woods away from his small village. The man drew in a deep breath and slowly let it out, watching the fog of his breath swirl and rise into the night. He turned to head back to his home and faded into the woods.

-** --*

###The End###

Thank you for reading the first book of the Hunters series. I truly hope you enjoyed it. Arlynd, its people and its monsters, was created out of my imagination and there are many more adventures to come as Grimey, Leo, and Kane embark to hunt down the dragon. They will certainly meet new people, new monsters, discover new places, and encounter a few surprises along the way. I can't wait to tell you all about it!

About the Author

David Greer is the soon-to-be best-selling author of stories that will make you crack a smile, have a hearty laugh, inspire tears (in a good way), and whisk you away to wonderful new worlds. Born and raised in California, he then moved to Hawai'i, and has traveled across parts of Europe. He's had a life-long love of stories and creating things in his mind everywhere he went. David has discovered that through his words he can truly bring his imagination to life for audiences to enjoy. His writing style is known for its layered simplicity and cinematic flow. David currently lives in Hawai'i where he joyfully fine-tunes his writing craft.

Connect With Me Online

Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/dgreer13
My blog: http://whitepinapple.blogspot.com/
Email: dgreer13@gmail.com
