
From Across the 
Clouded Range




H. Nathan Wilcox



To my Monster for letting me write about monsters.


From Across the Clouded Range
By H. Nathan Wilcox

Copyright © 2013  H. Nathan Wilcox
Published by Smashwords


Cover Art and Maps by H. Nathan Wilcox


Thank you for downloading this ebook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  Thank you for your support.

All characters and events in this book are fictitious.
Any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

 

Prologue


“Tethina!  Not so rough.  You’re going to hurt him.”
A small girl in a grey homespun dress looked up at the sound of her mother’s voice and begrudgingly released her playmate’s head.  “Sorry,” she called back, “I didn’t mean to hurt him.”
Dasen sat up next to her.  His head looked like a disheveled nest, as much grass as hair.  The same grass generously marked his simple woolen smock, stretching from his elbow past his shoulder onto his freckled face.  A smile erupted through the streaks of green.  “It’s okay, Mrs. Galbridge.  We’re playing bandits and rangers.  I’m the bandit.”
“Well, I think it’s time come in for dinner.  And try to be nice for once.”  Dasen’s mother spoke this time.  Her voice remained firm even as she held back a smile.
“Can we get Papa?” Tethina asked with a longing look toward the log shack standing near the first trees of the surrounding forest.  
“Not right now,” her mother called back.  “After you wash up and set the table.”  The clang of a hammer striking metal rose from the shack, nearly stole the words as defiance crossed Tethina’s face.  
Her mother prepared her volume and tone for reprisal.  Dasen saved her the need.  “Last one there’s a sheep’s bottom.”  He sprinted toward the house, taking advantage of Tethina’s indecision to get a few steps of a lead – it wouldn’t be enough.  
Tethina pushed past him before he reached the first step of the two-story plank house that the Galbridge family called home.  “Sheep’s bottom and what comes out of it,” she called as she pounded up the steps. 
The women looked up from the pile of roughly woven shirts and canvas pants they had been mending.  Tethina’s mother gasped – Dasen’s suppressed another laugh.  “Tethina!  Ladies do not talk like that!  You apologize to our guests this instant!”
“Sorry,” Tethina mumbled.
“I was going to make an apple cake tonight,” her mother began.  The children’s faces brightened.  “But I don’t think dirty mouths like yours deserve treats like that.”
“But, Mama!” Tethina cried.
“Don’t but me, young lady.  When you start acting like a lady, you can eat like a lady.  If you are going to act like a Sylian savage, then that is how you will eat.  Now, both of you, get in there and clean up.”
Dasen and Tethina moped for a second then recovered their enthusiasm and raced through the door, leaving it to crash behind them.
“And no roughhousing!” Tethina’s mother yelled after them.  “I don’t know what we are going to do about that one.  You’d think she’s a boy the way she acts.”
“Oh, Marin, you were the same way when you were her age, and you turned out alright.”
“I was not!” Marin gasped and threw down the leather vest she was sewing.  “You were the troublemaker.”
“And you were right there with me.”
“Well, as long as we’re clear about who the instigator was.”  They both laughed.  
“I bet Burke will be upset that the kids cost him an apple cake,” Kira said as she pulled another sock from the pile she was darning in preparation for the coming winter.
“He wasn’t going to get a cake anyway.  Not unless you’re hiding some sugar in that shop of yours.”
“Don’t I wish?  Ipid will hardly let me use it when we do have some.  ‘Can’t be eating the profits, you know.’  The old curmudgeon.”
“Well, maybe he’ll have some luck in the city this time.”
“With those silly saw blades?  I’ll be happy if he just remembers to buy stock for the shop.”  Kira tied off a stitch and bit the thread.  “You know I don’t care that they spend their time on that nonsense, but I’m not holding my breath waiting for anyone to give them real money for any of it.”
“And the more time they’re out their building their contraptions, the less time they’re in mucking up the house.”  
They both laughed again until a child’s voice interrupted.  “Mama, what’s for dinner?  Can Dasen stay?”
Marin did not respond.  She turned to Kira.  “Sounds like I should check on dinner.  You and Dasen are staying, right?”
“If you don’t mind.  And maybe I can find enough sugar floating around. . . .”
The women were gathering their sewing to go inside when a howl of wind slashed through the still evening air.  The blast came out of nowhere and hit so hard that they were thrown against the house.  Their hair and dresses flailed around them.  Pebbles pelted their faces and arms.  The piles of clothing billowed into a vortex then scattered across the grass before them.
“What in the name of the Order was that?” Kira exclaimed when the wind had passed.  She worked to straighten her skirt and gather her scattered hair.
“I don’t . . . .”  Marin’s words were cut short by the sound of the smithy shaking from the force of the mysterious wind.  Shingles flew, boards rattled, and the faded sign swung violently on its metal rings.  Finally, there was a crack like thunder followed by a hair-raising crash.  Metal reverberated on metal far louder and more clamorous than the steady beat that normally provided the metronome for their days.  Too stunned to move, Marin and Kira could only watch with racing hearts as the white streamer rising from the chimney was replaced by black clouds boiling from the sides.  Finally, an anguished cry split the second of silence and shook the women from their daze.  
Screaming in unison, they lifted their dresses and ran across the grass.  Their voices resonated through the nearby village ensuring that someone would bring aid, but they did not wait for it.  Kira arrived a step before her friend and threw open the door.  She was greeted by acrid smoke and the furnace heat of a raging fire rising up the walls to the dry wooden shingles above.  The smoke scalded her eyes, filling them with water, but they soon cleared enough for her to find Burke lying motionless beneath the girth of a beam that had been knocked loose by the wind.
Holding the hem of her dress to her mouth, she ran into the conflagration with Marin on her heels.  As the door rattled shut behind them, the roof of the small structure shuddered.  It collapsed a second later in a rain of fire that was the last thing either of them would ever see.
And across the grass, on the long wooden porch, stood a girl in a dress that did not quite reach her ankles.  Her auburn hair was tied in braids that hung to her chest.  She watched her mother rush into the fire, saw the roof collapse, and screamed.  She screamed and screamed, unable to look away as the fire consumed everything she knew.

#

Far away from that remote village, a circle of five old men in heavy brown robes began to stir.  The robes were rough wool and hung off the slight figures, but they were spotless and showed not a wrinkle.  Their only adornments were wooden pendants that hung from their necks, lost except for the light they reflected from their polished surfaces.  The men had clean-shaven faces worn by the ravages of time so that the sparse light that penetrated the room’s high windows etched deep shadows in their surfaces.  Every eye was open, but they saw nothing.  No movement could be detected beneath their robes – the men did not appear to breathe.  The room that held them was equally still: not a whisper of breeze stirred the air, not even a fly disrupted the silence.
Slowly, the men came out of the trance that held them.  They looked haggard, as if they had aged many years in the last few minutes.  They shook their heads in unison and brought their hands as one to their temples.  They took a single deep breath, and each accepted a small cup of water from a silent young man.  The attendants took exactly five steps to supply the water, handed the water to their masters over their left shoulders, and waited exactly seventeen heartbeats to retrieve the empty cups.  As one, they returned to their places, each facing a separate wall in the pentagonal room.
“The pattern has been set.”  The oldest of the men broke the silence.  His voice was soft and rasped as if he had not spoken in years.  The act appeared to cause him pain.  “You know what needs to be done, your Grace?  You are prepared to see it through?”
“There is no other way?” a man across from the first whispered.  He was younger than the others and seemed less comfortable in his surroundings.  But his robes were the finest, and his pendant was a work of high art.
“Even if there is, the pattern has been chosen.  Its weaving is already begun, and I see no other that can save us.”
There was a long pause, but the conversation lingered in the room.  “The signs are clear, your Grace.  Even you have seen them,” a third man took up the argument.  His voice was little more than a whisper.  “We have done all we can.  It is up to you to . . . .”  The man trailed off as the first held up a hand in caution.
“Your argument disrupts the Tapestry.”  The first man’s voice was stronger but held no emotion, was used in a perfect monotone.  “There are already too many doubts.  Our power is not near what it was when the Church was strong.”  The man stopped and fell back into his trance.  The others did not move, did not breathe.  “The Tapestry is already too tangled to read.  No certainty can exist except that the Lawbreakers will return.  Their power is far off, but it is growing.  This pattern we strive to create is the only one I see that will allow the Order to survive.”
“I will do my part,” the outsider sighed.  “I will pull the weft as needed.  The Church will do everything in its power to see this pattern through.”
“Do not fail us, Xi Valati, or everything we know will be lost.  The Order will fall.”


Chapter 1


Just breathe, Teth told herself.  She stared at the dusty road before her, studied each pothole, every loose stone, searched for anything that might catch her toe or disrupt her balance.  The beginning would be a sprint, she knew that.  They’re out for blood now, she thought.  If they catch me, they’ll get it.
In confirmation, a hand shoved her from behind.  She stumbled slightly toward the white line across the road.  An elbow caught her shoulder as she rose, she didn’t acknowledge it.  “Bitch,” a voice whispered, “you’re goin’ down and every one of us is gonna take a piece of ya as we go by.”
“. . . . over Cat’s Back Hill and across the old wooden bridge,” the booming voice of the governor droned, explaining the course they were preparing to run.  Teth already knew it by heart, so she let his voice fade into the back of her mind.  She pushed her short, fine hair behind her ears, adjusted the rolled-up sleeves of her silk shirt, a gift from Ipid meant for something very different from running.
“You’re an Order-cursed witch,” another voice whispered.  “We’re gonna find ya after this.  You’ll get yirs.”  A fist struck her left shoulder blade, nearly sent her to her knees.
“Just start the damned race,” she hissed at the governor.  But he was taking his time.  He was no more fond of her than the boys, was just as embarrassed by the four first-place coins she had already taken, by the antics they had pulled to keep her from winning more.  For his own sake, he’d do what he could to keep them from hurting her too badly, but he would do nothing about the jostling, the name calling, the trampling she’d receive if they caught her once the race started.
“No one’s ever gonna join ya.  You’ll be an ol’ witch hag just like yir aunt.”  A thumb in the kidney.
“Not even a girl.”  An elbow to the ribs.
“Should be in a travelin’ show, freak.”  A boot to the calf.
“Too bad ol’ man Ronigan’s protectin’ ya.  We’d be rid of ya and yir witch aunt.”  A push in the back of the head.
“Does everyone understand the course?” the governor asked.  “It’s five thousand paces.  Take it easy, now.  Most of you have never run anything close to that, and it’s a hot day.  I know you all want to win, but it’s not worth hurting yourselves.”  Teth was bouncing between the boys at the front of the line like a bean in a rattle.  The insults had stopped, but the boys were only getting bolder with their assaults as no one moved to stop them.
The governor looked straight at Teth.  “Does anyone want to bow out?  There’s no shame in it.  It’s a long race, a lot of road to cover, and no help along the way.”  His eyes almost pleaded.  He knew what Ipid Ronigan’s wrath would be if the boys got their way.  Ronigan & Galbridge owned the lumber rights for the whole damned district, owned every man here.  It wouldn’t look good if the last remaining Galbridge was killed in a foot race.
An especially strong shove put Teth on her hands and knees.  She shot back up, wiped the dirt and blood from her hands onto her pants.  “Just start the race,” she snarled.
“Very well,” the governor sighed, “just remember, you brought this on yourself.”  He raised his hand and looked down the line.  Teth studied the burly young men on either side of her, the Durry brothers.  They’d try to take her down before she got off the line.  She was ready.  “Everyone set?”  The governor paused, drew a deep breath.  Teth followed suit.  “Go!”
Teth placed a hand on a shoulder of each Durry brother and pushed off to hurl herself above the feet that swept toward hers.  She leapt forward, ducking below an outstretched arm, and ran for all she was worth.  She had already won the sprint earlier in the day.  She knew that no boy here could catch her in the first two hundred paces, but she had to save enough strength to complete the rest of the race.  If they caught her halfway through, it would be ten-times worse, there would be no one to stop them, no one scrape what was left of her from the road.
From ahead and to the side, she saw Ben Tullow shooting toward her.  Where had he come from?  She anticipated his arrival, watched his arms stretching out to catch her.  He wasn’t even being subtle.  He was going to tackle her.  As he hurtled in, reaching for her, she shifted, caught his arm and spun around him.  He lost his footing and fell in a tangle, taking down the three boys that were closest to her.  She landed smoothly, did not miss a stride.  She barely felt her doeskin shoes hitting the packed-dirt road.  They were used to forest trails.  This was easy, mindless.
Certain of the road now, Teth spared a glance behind.  The boys were fading.  The first threat was past, but she felt her heart hammering, her lung struggling to keep up with the demands of her body.  She slowed, allowed herself to recover.  The next wave would be upon her soon.
When she had arrived at the district games that morning, the boys had jostled her, teased, laughed, but they hadn’t taken her seriously.  No girl had ever competed in the games before, but as Teth had pointed out, there was no law that said she couldn’t.  The men seemed to think it an opportunity to put the uppity girl in her place.  They laughed and let her line up for the sprint. 
When she won by five paces they stopped laughing.  When she won at a thousand paces, took both archery competitions, then lost climbing on a made-up technicality and tracking to blatant cheating, they became angry.  She did not enter the brute force competitions: tree felling, log lifting, axe throwing, and the officials drew the line at wrestling.  That left this as their final chance for revenge.  She had heard them plotting before the race, knew what they planned: trip her, then kick her as they went by, leave her bloody, make sure she’d never run again. 
The thought gave her another charge of energy.  She looked behind her and saw the boys who had saved themselves from the sprint pacing behind her, waiting for her to tire.  She had fifty strides on them, but she wasn’t gaining any longer and her legs were straining.  Coming into this, she had known that the boys wouldn’t like it, but she had never expected this kind of vitriol.  Humiliation was their usual tactic, she was used to that, knew all their insults, all their pranks, but this was something new.  She was not even sure if Ipid’s name could protect her now.
Around a bend, she saw the first big hill in front of her, Cat’s Back Hill.  A rope line ran along the side of the road to ease wagons down so they did not overrun their teams.  It was that steep.  They would try to catch her here.  A look back showed six boys breaking into a sprint.  Teth met their pace, hit the hill, and felt her momentum stop.  Damn it’s steep.  Her toes slipped on the loose dirt, she sprawled forward, caught herself, and leapt forward, but that did not stop the whoop from behind her.  Her legs burned as her feet dug for purchase.  She spread her legs, used the inside of her feet to improve her grip.  A boy, she wasn’t sure who, closed to a few feet.  His big strides propelled him up the hill.  Teth gasped.  He was going to catch her.  She leapt forward and caught a glimpse of his outstretched hand as it swept past her ankle and fell back down the hill.
Her desperate strides launched her up the steepest part of the hill, leaving the boys well behind.  She slowed and drew gasping breaths.  The cramp in her side nearly doubled her over.  Her heart felt like it would leap from her chest if it didn’t explode first.  Just have to get to the top, she told herself.  She struggled to the crest and stopped to catch her breath.  She could run for hours through the forest without stopping but not at a sprint.  
She took a deep breath, spit in the dirt, and started down the other side.  It was just as steep and almost more treacherous going down, but she had a plan.  If the boys could cheat, so could she.  She pulled a leather strap from the pocket of her pants and wrapped it around her left hand.  She angled toward the tow line, threw the strap over it, wrapped the free end around her right hand, and pushed off.  She pulled herself up, held her legs out straight, and slid down the rope, mere inches from the dirt.  The smell of burning leather filled the air as she flew down the hill.  She watched a huge tree approach where the rope was tied at the bottom.  If she hit it at her current speed, they’d be scraping her off the bark.  She planted her heels, felt the road ripping through her shoes.  She barely slowed.  Desperate, she unwound the thong from her hand, planted her outside foot, and rolled.  Her shoulder hit the ground with a shock, and she spun violently for twenty paces before her momentum died.  Rubbing her shoulder, she rose, shook the cobwebs from her head and ran.  
The race was halfway through.  A glace behind her showed the first of the boys cresting the hill.  They did not start down after her.  Instead they began pulling on the rope.  A new set of fresh legs had yet to come, and the race was only halfway through.  She ran on.


Chapter 2


“There you are!  Asleep in the middle of your harem again.”
Dasen’s head shot up.  He searched his surroundings trying to remember where he was.  A deep breath filled his senses with the scent of leather, dust, and stale parchment.  He rubbed the sleep from his eyes then ran his fingers through his overgrown hair to pull it back from his face.  It felt stringy and matted, in desperate need of a wash.  After a great stretching yawn, he wiped his mouth but found that he had not, thankfully, been drooling on the ancient ledger that had been his pillow.  He quickly found the pivoting mirror mounted on his table, but it no longer caught the light.  Instead, he traced a dusty beam along fifty paces of bookshelves to a glowing spiral staircase.  The mirrors mounted along those stairs and on top of the shelves showed steady sunlight rather than the flickering oil fire that had illuminated his books when he had succumbed to sleep.  
“What time is it?” he asked the lanky young man who had roused him.
“The second bell just sounded but no classes today,” Rynn replied.  “Not that the counselors expect you to be at their lectures anymore.”  Rynn’s starched cotton shirt, black satin vest, and fine wool pants hung from his skeletal form like an overdressed scarecrow.  He was likely the single thinnest person Dasen had ever seen, fine bones with the sparest flesh to cover them.  His face did nothing to further his emaciated appearance.  It was long and narrow with deep-set eyes, sunken cheeks, and large round ears.  His lips were thin and colorless.  Lifeless dishwater blond hair was pulled back and tied at the nape of his neck.  Only his ever-present smile, tainted as it was by mischief, and lively blue eyes, marked him as anything more than a wealthy plague victim.
The out-of-favor third son of a Liandrian lord, Rynn had been exiled to Liandrin University to train for a position as a counselor, a teacher and interpreter of the Holy Order.  He could not have been worse suited for the requisite life of study, reflection, and judgment.  He was in a constant state of motion, shifting and fidgeting like a nervous cat, unable to concentrate for even the shortest lectures.  Logic bored him.  He read as little as possible.  And his implacable irreverence had put him on the wrong side of nearly every counselor, valati, and student at the university.  Still, he had been Dasen’s friend from their first day.  Long consigned to his fate and never shy, Rynn had been the only one willing to approach the son of Ipid Ronigan without expecting something in return.  He was still the only person Dasen trusted without reservation.
Rynn plopped himself into the chair across from Dasen’s and examined the mountain of leather-bound tomes before him.  Imperial Ledger: Liandrin District was printed on each broad spine along with a range of years dating back to well before either of their grandparents were alive.  “I see you spent another night with your lovers.  You are incorrigible.  How many was it last night?  I see at least a dozen here, but with you, I can never be sure.”
“Very funny.”  Dasen rubbed his eyes again and shook his head to dispel the cobwebs.  Meanwhile, Rynn positioned the reading mirror so that the reflected sunlight was aimed squarely into his eyes.  Dasen squirmed away and batted at the mirror.  “That’s not funny.  Are you trying to blind me?”
“My goal exactly.  If you were blind, you wouldn’t spend so much time with these musty, leathery, old whores.”
“I think you’ve carried that metaphor far enough, haven’t you?”
“I see that you, like me, prefer your lovers on the thick side, though the curves on these seem a bit sharp for my tastes.”  Rynn pushed the books to one side and leaned across the table.  “Let us dispense with these easy lovers and find some that are a bit softer and gentler on the eyes.  As I was searching for you, I passed a lovely gaggle of ladies from the girls’ school.  They seemed absorbed with some elderly, leathery suitors, but I am certain that the famed Dasen Ronigan could pry them from such inferior prospects.”
“Ah, but you know that my lovers are jealous and my time with them may be short.”  Dasen attempted to imitate Rynn’s mocking tone.  “I need to get into each of them and unlock their secrets before I am called away.  The ladies upstairs will wait, but these damsels can be plucked away at any time.”  With that, Dasen scanned down the list of numbers he had written in his notes to see where he had left off.  A glance at his friend’s expression showed the briefest glimpse of dread hidden quickly behind a mock frown. 
“Dasen,” Rynn cajoled, “these old hags have waited centuries for you.  Surely they can spare you a few minutes for Lily Detrasse lal Harbisher. . . .”
The slow creep of Dasen’s eyes from his books masked the sudden hammering of his heart.  “She’s here?  Right now?”  Rynn slow smile told Dasen that he had failed in his attempt to be casual.  He felt the moisture drain from his mouth and somehow appear on his hands. 
“She is,” Rynn cooed.  “I recognized her cascade of dark hair immediately.  It is pinned with butterfly clips, and she is wearing the blue dress that is cut just a bit too low to hide her stunning . . . .”  Dasen slapped him on the arm.  “Intellect.  I was going to say intellect.” 
“She is really smart, you know.”
“Yes, you’ve told me.  It is her tremendous intellect that you like.”  Rynn made gestures before his chest to indicate something very different from her intellect.
“She even takes some classes at the men’s college,” Dasen explained to his nodding friend.  “And . . . and she gave an excellent defense of the Xi Valati Cornissina’s rulings on the natural dichotomy of the sexes.  I never thought much of Cornissina until I heard her.  It really made me rethink. . . .”
“That dress she was wearing at the time.  It was magnificent.  I was at that lecture, and I’d be amazed if you could remember one word she said.”
“I didn’t.  I mean, of course I remember what she said.  Besides, that’s not the important thing right now.”  Dasen could feel the blood rising to his face.
“What, dear friend, is more important?  Is there anything in the world more important than the right woman?  To quote the holy text, ‘The Order has ordained for each of us a partner, and only when combined with that missing piece will we find completeness.’  It’s right there in The Book of Valatarian.  By denying the companionship of those lovely creatures upstairs, you are in opposition to the Holy Order.  It is blasphemy, and I, as a future counselor, will not stand for it.”  Rynn brought his fist to the table hard enough to make Dasen’s ink jar jump.
Dasen chose to ignore the irony in his friend’s words – counselors were required to be celibate.  “Well said,” Dasen conceded.  “And I agree.  But not right now, not until my studies are complete.  You know my father.”
“Dasen,” Rynn made his voice tight and stern to imitate Dasen’s father, “I think it is time that you put these frivolous studies aside.  I support study as much as any man, but there is only so much that you can learn from books.  It is time that you found your place in the real world.”
“Sounds like you’ve heard that a time or two.”
“Or two,” Rynn confirmed.  “I don’t know what you’re complaining about.  Your father just wants you to get joined to some beautiful noble’s daughter so he can pour money over your head until you drown in it.”  He paused for the briefest moment.  “Now I see your plight, a fear of drowning.  Perhaps we could buy you a very tall stool, though it is an awful lot of money.  Maybe a ladder would be better?”
“Very funny,” Dasen sighed and ran his fingers back through his hair.  “But you still don’t understand.  Drowning is right.  Do you realize how much he works?  You think I study a lot?  It is nothing in comparison to the hours he keeps.  He has no other interests, no hobbies, no friends other than the ones he pays.  Ever since my. . .,” Dasen stopped himself as a rush of emotions threatened to overtake him.  It amazed him that, over twelve years later, the memory of his mother’s death could still illicit such a response.  But he had really lost both of his parents on that fall day twelve years ago, an orphan in all but name.  His mother had died in the fire, and his father had drowned himself in work, snuffed out anything that might resemble a life. 
“The truth is, I am at home here,” he continued when he was sure his voice would not quaver.  “There are so many things to know.  So much of the Order is still not understood.  We are in a time of great discovery, and I want to be a part of that.  It is my calling more than any girl or . . . .”  
Dasen cut off as he saw a shimmer of blue reflected in his mirror from the staircase.  A second later, a young lady stepped onto the landing and peered down the bookshelf-defined corridors that radiated like spokes from the stairs.  The sound of Rynn clearing his throat brought her attention to her quarry and ended Dasen’s silent hope that he become invisible.
Lily Detrasse lal Harbisher’s mouth quirked into a tight smile, and the lace fan in her hand popped open.  Even from fifty paces, Dasen could smell her perfume over the must of the library.  His heart hammered.  His legs felt like they could barely support him as he rose to meet the young noblewoman.  As Rynn had suggested, curls of thick raven hair hung down her back to her waist restrained by a myriad of life-sized butterfly clips.  Her face was a perfect heart with soft cheeks, full lips, and the merest pinch of a nose.  Her eyes were huge and deep brown.  The pale-blue dress she wore was cut in the most provocative possible style, showing a long expanse of white neck and the top of her generous breasts before flaring to the ground.  She was a full head shorter than Dasen but somehow did not look up to meet his eyes.  Several paces behind her, a much older woman trailed in a plain brown dress with a white apron that marked her as the lady’s maid.
“My dear Lady Harbisher.”  Rynn bowed as if greeting the queen rather than a noble of only slightly higher rank than himself.
Stunned, Dasen managed to force just enough movement from his body to create an acceptable bow.  By the time he returned to his full height, Lily Harbisher was standing uncomfortably close.  Her scent washed over him – lavender and vanilla – his heartbeat rang in his ears, and he fought to keep his eyes from the outline framed by the top of her dress.
“. . . brings you down here?”  Dasen heard Rynn speaking somewhere; his words seemed far away.  “I believe it is forbidden for women to venture into the depths of the Library, too many possibilities for unsavory encounters . . . .  Surely you have lost your way.  Could Lord Ronigan and I escort you to a more appropriate section of our grand institution?”
“That is a very kind offer, Rynn Hurchstal, but I am sure that I am in no danger here.  Besides, this seems the only place that one can find the fine Lord Ronigan these days.”  Lily’s full attention turned to Dasen.  “I have looked everywhere for you.  You do not come to lectures anymore, are never seen around the commons, and never respond to my notes.  It is quite rude, you know.”
“Yes, my lady,” Dasen stammered, “but I do not recall receiving any notes from you.  If I had I would have responded immediately.”  Dasen kicked himself for sounding over eager and felt the blood rise in his face.
“I will keep that in mind from now on.”  Lily smiled and placed a hand on Dasen’s arm.  The warmth of her touch felt like it would burn though his thin shirtsleeve.  “When I saw Rynn slinking down the stairs, I knew he must be looking for you, and I just had to follow.”  Her hands moved down and clasped Dasen’s so that she held them both before her.  “My father is holding his summer hunt in a few weeks.  Our estate is only a day’s travel outside the city.  It is truly beautiful there, the hunting is bountiful, and my father has confided that he will be releasing several Kizarian rainbow birds as trophies for the luckiest hunters.  Don’t you think a bouquet of their feathers would be lovely in my hair?”  She flipped her dark hair over her shoulder to illustrate her point.
“Surely, my lady, they would only be lost in comparison to your own beauty,” Rynn spoke to spare Dasen’s impossibly tied tongue.
Lily shot Rynn a look that clearly conveyed her preference that he drop dead.  “After the hunting, there will be a grand ball.  My father has hired the finest musicians from the city.  I’m sure all the most eligible ladies will be there, but it would be my hope that you grace me with the first dance.  After, we could find a quiet corner, and you could tell me what it is that has you locked up in this library day and night.  I still can’t get your dissertation on the order of labor out of my mind, you know.”  She squeezed Dasen’s hand and rubbed her delicate thumbs along his.  “So can I tell my father to prepare a room for you at the estate?”
Dasen spared a glance at Rynn with a clear plea for help, but Rynn only smiled.  Lily’s soft hand on his cheek brought his eyes back to hers.  “I wasn’t inviting Rynn.  It is you that I want.”  
Dasen’s legs nearly gave away, but he somehow managed to stammer, “I . . . I . . . ah, I do not really hunt.  Or rather I have never.  I mean, I do not think I can . . . .”
“Oh sweet boy,” Lily’s hand rose to rub his arm, “my father and brothers will surely take you under their wings.  I am my father’s favorite.  If I have invited you, he will treat you as an honored guest.”
“That is . . . that is very kind, I’m sure.  But I . . . .”
“There you are,” a new voice boomed through the stacks.  “I’ve been looking everywhere, and that lying rascal next to you was no help at all.”  
Dasen’s eyes shifted to the massive shape striding down the stacks toward him.  He thought they must be tricking him.  What was Elton, his father’s man-servant and bodyguard, doing here?  A Morg, the middle-aged man stood nearly as tall as the bookshelves surrounding him.  His shoulders filled the entire space.  His shaggy brown beard hung down over the ridiculous black suit that Ipid insisted he wear.  The fine fabric looked like it would burst off of him if his taught muscles so much as twitched.  
“What’s this about then?” Elton crossed his arms before him and glowered at Lily. 
Taken back, she retreated to put Dasen between her and the Morg.  “And who might you be sir to speak so to Lord Ronigan?  Do you realize his father’s standing?”
“Yeah, usually he’s standin’ somewhere right in front of me.”
“I am sorry,” Dasen managed, “Lily Detrasse lal Harbisher, this is Elton gar Stermspek.  He is my father’s manservant.”
“In that case, I am pleased to meet you,” Lily popped her fan and used it to wave a greeting.  “I was just inviting Dasen to my father, Lord Harbisher’s, summer hunt.  It will be . . . .”
“He can’t make it,” Elton interrupted.  “Your father’s expecting you.  Why weren’t you waiting for me in your rooms as he requested in his letter?”
“Letter?” Dasen asked.
“Yes, he sent it via courier over a week ago.  You should have received it days ago.”
Dasen glanced at Rynn, who looked away and pretended to study the books next to him on the shelves.  “It would appear that not all of my mail has been reaching me.  What does my father want?  It is the middle of a term, you know, I can’t just pick-up and leave for Wildern.”
“You’re not goin’ to Wildern.  He’s here, and I’m sure he’ll tell you what he wants when you see him.  Now let’s go.  We’re already late.  He’s gonna be as mad as a wolf in a cage.”  With that, Elton’s massive hand snapped out and flicked Rynn just hard enough to elicit a yowl.  
Lily gasped.  Rynn wasn’t well regarded by anyone but Dasen, but he was still Liandrian nobility.  Not even Ipid Ronigan’s manservant could assault him without consequences.  For a moment, all the air seemed to leave the room.  Only Elton seemed not to notice.  
“I believe I deserved that,” Rynn finally acknowledged.  He rubbed both sides of his head, the first where Elton had hit him and the other where it had hit the shelf next to him.
“Your father would thank me,” Elton confirmed.
“He would thank you even if I didn’t deserve it,” Rynn laughed even as his smile faded.
Dasen felt his stomach tie into knots.  His father here, in Liandrin, to see him?  So this is the end.  He has come to take me away, to deliver me into his world of workshops, trade negotiations, and contracts.  He turned numbly to the books piled before him, to his notes and the new theory of commercial order he had been preparing.  He did not know what to think, what to do.  
Then he caught a glimpse of Lily forgotten behind him.  Her porcelain skin was, if possible, even whiter.  Well, if he couldn’t have his first love, perhaps Rynn was right.  He took a deep breath.  “Lady Harbisher, it would appear that I have missed an appointment with my father.  I will consider your invitation.  In the meantime, may I escort you back to your friends before I depart?”  It was possibly the most words he had ever spoken to a girl without stammering, and he felt himself gain composure as he went.
Lily’s smile lit the room.  She smirked at Elton as she laced her arm through Dasen’s.  “That would be most welcome.”   She led Dasen around the other side of the shelves so that they would not have to pass Elton on their way to the stairs.  She held his arm in both of hers and nearly whispered, her sudden excitement made her words into gasps, “If your father’s business will keep him in Liandrin for a few weeks, he is, of course, welcome to accompany you to the hunt.  My father has long desired a meeting with him.  You know, we have some bountiful woodland tracts that are ripe for harvest.  I am sure they would be so tied up together that we could sneak away and have some time to ourselves.”
Dasen wanted to scream at her to stop, but he, somehow, kept the smile glued to his face.  Despite the offer inherent in Lily’s words, his heart sank.  He had always known that this was about his father, about his money, but couldn’t she have let him imagine otherwise?  Tall, gangly, and unkempt, Dasen knew that the girls weren’t after his fine looks.  He would never win a coin in the university’s annual games.  He could not hunt, could barely stay on a horse, and was a terrible conversationalist.  He lacked social grace and aristocratic training.  He was really nothing more than a homely scholar with a rich father.  Even if a woman like Lily Harbisher lavished him with attention, it was not him that she wanted.
He looked down at Lily’s doe eyes and felt himself grow sick.  Could he love a girl knowing that she was only interested in his fortune?  Even one as beautiful and beguiling as Lily Harbisher?
“Lord Ronigan has never hunted in his life, and I doubt he has any interest in starting now.”  Elton ended Dasen’s contemplation.  He stood before them at the foot of the stairs.  “Lady Harbisher, I assume you and your maid can find your way from here.  You need only climb to the top.”
“But surely, you will not stand in the way of Lord Ronigan’s honor.  He has offered to escort me, and I have accepted.”
Elton merely stepped aside and gestured to the stairs.  When Lily tried to lead Dasen past, Elton wrenched him from her grip and motioned her on.
Lily huffed, “Sir, let me assure you that the senior Lord Ronigan will hear about the poor manners you have displayed, and I hope that he will not spare in his efforts to teach you your proper place among your betters.”
Elton did not bother to respond, which seemed only to amplify her displeasure.  She puffed herself up to argue further, but Dasen spared her.  “It is no use, my lady.  Elton is a Morg, and they speak their minds at all times without the slightest concern for politics.  If Elton does not wish me to escort you, he has a reason and will not be deterred.”  He felt the air leave him.  He wasn’t even sure he wanted to remain in Lily Harbisher’s company, but it should at least be his, not his father’s, choice.  “I will be sure to pass your invitation along to my father.  I hope we will be able to see each other again soon.”
“I hope so.”  Lily hesitated, seemed to sense Dasen’s defeat and not know how to respond to it.  “Good day,” she finally offered and drifted carefully up the spiral of stairs.  Her silent maid followed close behind.
When she had reached the top, Elton turned to Dasen.  “Is that the kind of girl you want, all gussied up and full of fluff?”
“He likes her intellect,” Rynn corrected.
Elton gave him another swat.  “What a waste.  You know she only wants your money.  She’s no better than a whore in the end.”  Seeing Dasen’s mood darken, Elton lowered his voice.  “Aw now, don’t be like that.  You can do better, Dasen, a lot better.  I’ve known you longer than you’ve known yourself, and believe me when I tell you that the right girl is out there.  One that’ll love you for who you are, not what you’ll inherit.”
“That’s not it, Elton,” Dasen moaned.  “I know why you’re here.  It’s over isn’t it?  He’s come to take me away.”
“I don’t know, Dasen,” Elton sighed.  “Maybe, but you never know with your father.  He hasn’t told me anything about what we’re doin’ here.  He seems troubled lately.  I worry about him.  Now come along.  Your father is anxious to see you.  He may not show it well, but he really does miss you.”
“Thank you, Elton.”  Dasen felt heartened by the big man’s smile.  The Morg sometimes seemed more of a father to him than the man who employed him.  “Can Rynn come with us?”
“Your father won’t like it, but I can’t very well stop him from following, can I?”

#

“After all this time, I cannot express how strongly I anticipate seeing you and welcoming you officially as my daughter.  All my love.”  Ipid sat back in the leather bound chair and sighed long and deep.  He brought his hands up and drove his palms to his eyes.  “What am I doing, Paul?  You have read her letters.  Do you think she will hate me?”
“I think they both will, sir, but what alternative does Tethina have?  Maybe you should tell her why you are doing this.”
“Tell her what, Paul, that her aunt, the woman who has raised her since she was six, is dying?” Ipid exclaimed.  “I would love to tell her, but I can’t.  It is not my news to deliver.  And without that, I can’t very well tell her that when her aunt dies her custody will shift to her scheming uncle, that he will sell her like a cow to the highest bidder, that her new husband will really be buying the rights to half of what I have built, that he will have no interest in or need for her.”  Ipid realized that he was yelling.  He took a breath to calm himself.  “I’m sorry, Paul.  This is not your fault.  I created this problem and have no right to vent my frustrations on you.”
Ipid sat back and took another deep breath.  “I never should have structured Ronigan & Galbridge as a partnership.  But how was I to know?  Out of nowhere, I get a windfall.  Some counselor finds me and tells me that I have Imperial blood.  That the Church has been holding funds left by my great-great-great-grandfather when he went into hiding in Randor’s Pass, of all places.  It was too good to be true, but it was exactly what I had been searching for, the financing I needed.
“It was enough to build the first three mills and secure the lumber contracts to supply them.  And because he helped me design the blades we made and used, helped me develop the automated process, I made my best friend a full partner.  As I was signing the contract to create that partnership, as you were writing the contract . . .,” Ipid paused for another breath.  “Well, you know what was happening in Randor’s Pass.  And when I returned and found out.  I couldn’t very well remove Burke then, could I?  And I wouldn’t have wanted to.  He deserves half of everything, and I would give the whole thing to have him and Marin and especially Kira back.  But no amount of money could do that, so I built this partnership, kept his name on it, as a memorial to what he had given me.  
“If only I could have brought Tethina with me, adopted her then as my own.  But you know the law.  I only kept Dasen because he had no living female relatives and even that took a fight.  Tethina had to go to her aunt, and she wouldn’t leave Randor’s Pass if the Exiles came riding in.  But I didn’t account for the fact that Milne was fifteen years older than Marin, that she might get sick, that she might die before Dasen and Tethina were ready to be joined.”  Ipid sighed and sat forward with his elbows on the surface of the polished black-oak desk before him.  He rubbed its cool surface and felt somehow reassured.  “Thank you for listening to me, Paul.  I know you’ve heard it all before, but sometimes, I just need to let it out.”
“It is my job, sir.”  Paul had been Ipid’s personal secretary since the beginning, had been with him in the aftermath of the most terrible possible loss, the creation of a mercantile empire, the rising political career.  He knew Ipid better than any person in the world.  He had seen the genius, the drive, the Order-divined luck that had made all this possible.  He knew everyone of Ipid demons, knew what they had done to him and his son.  Ipid could not tell him anything that he did not already know, but sometimes, he just had to talk to someone.  Ever since the loss of his best friends, his wife, he had been so alone.  He had business associates, partners, employees, but no friends, no one to confide in except the man he paid to write his letters and contracts. 
Ipid chortled, “I don’t think I pay you enough, Paul.  But I’m afraid if I pay you more, you won’t need to work for me any longer.  It is quite a dilemma.  I should ask Dasen if his research into the order of labor has given him any insights into that.”
Paul only smiled.  He was likely the best paid secretary in the known world.  Ipid knew that he had the resources to leave at any time, but, thankfully, he never did.  “Do you want me to read the letter back to you, sir?”
“No.  I trust you got everything, and I don’t really want to hear how much you improved my muddled words.  Bring it here, and I’ll sign it.”
Paul rose from his small writing desk and carried the single page of stark white parchment to Ipid.  The paper came from his newest mill and was made with a recently developed process.  The quality was good, thinner and lighter than traditional paper but just as strong.  The consistency of color was excellent, stark white with few imperfections.  Best of all, it cost a fraction of a sheet made using traditional methods.  The engineers who had developed the process were worth every penny.  Once they perfected the technique at this mill, he would add paper production to every one of his sawmills.  In a few years, he would revolutionize paper production and make another fortune in the process.  How could Dasen not be excited about this?
Ipid scanned down the paper.  He grunted and nodded approvingly at the most obvious of Paul’s changes then signed his name in modest, efficient strokes.
“Get that in the post today, please.  It’s a long trip to Randor’s Pass, and I want it there well before we arrive.  And be sure to include the one to the counselor with it.”
“Should I hire a long-distance courier or use one of the services?  Though expensive, the courier is much faster and more reliable.  I don’t think you want . . . .”
“Stop it, Paul.  You don’t have to convince me.  Find the best courier you can.  Pay him as much as you need to.  By the Order, copy the letter and hire ten of them.  It’s not like I don’t have the money.”
“Yes, sir.”  Paul sanded and blotted the ink then folded the letter, placed it carefully in an envelope, and sealed it using the sigil on his desk.  
As he reached for the door, there was a knock.  He opened it and exchanged a few words with the young man waiting in the alcove.  “Sir, Di Valati Alsance has arrived.  Shall I ask him to join you?”
Ipid looked up from the stack of reports he was reading in momentary confusion.  Paul drew the breath to repeat himself, but Ipid stopped him, “Yes, of course, do not leave him waiting.  Is Dasen here yet?  I expected him some time ago.”
“No, sir.  Elton sent a runner who said that Dasen was not in his room.  He is looking for him.”
Ipid’s brow furrowed.  What is Dasen thinking?  He’s not a defiant boy.  Does he know what this was about?  Surely he could speculate; he is by the Order smart.  But he wouldn’t hide, would he?  “That is disappointing.  I hate to keep Di Valati Alsance waiting.  Please have Kors step in and send up some tea, whatever the valati prefers.”
“Of course, sir.”  Paul stepped out of the room then returned to his desk and arranged his papers, ink, and pens.
A few minutes later, a red haired boy of sixteen threw the door open and announced, “My lord, the Rector of Liandrin University, Di Valati Alsance, to see you.”
“May you find peace in the Order,” the di valati offered as he brushed past the apprentice.  He wore a simple brown woolen robe that revealed only his nearly bald head and sandaled feet.  A fine chain of superior craftsmanship with delicate, seamless links held his robe.  Hanging from the last of those links were intricately cast rising suns.  A similar depiction of the rising sun done in carefully carved and polished wood hung from a leather cord around his neck to show that he was joined to the Order, had chosen Its mysteries as his mate.  The rector’s face was every bit as plain as his dress.  He was an old man but sturdy and well kept.  The few hairs that remained on his head had been cut to white stubble.  His face was clean shaven, making his long nose, large ears, and shaggy white brows even more prominent.  But it was his piercing blue eyes that most people remembered about him.  They seemed to look straight through a person, to see the Order’s exact plan for them.
Ipid rose immediately from his desk and approached the di valati with hand outstretched.  “Thank you for coming, your Excellency.  Dasen and I are in need of your renowned skill in interpreting the Order’s divine will.”
“For my top student and one of the university’s great benefactors, I am always available,” the di valati replied with a genuine smile, “but you know better than to use titles against me.  I, like you, am but a cog in the Order’s great machine.  Such thinking may be old fashioned, but you, of all people, should know that no piece of a machine is more important than any other.  And thus all deserve the same reverence.  Please call me Petr.”
“Of course,” Ipid said with a nod but bit his tongue to avoid the argument he craved.  He had heard Petr Alsance’s philosophy many times but had never been in a position to challenge him.  This was also his biggest concern with the direction of Dasen’s education, why he was desperate to get him away from this sheltered learning.  He believed strongly in the basics of education, that it was important for people to be able to read, to understand mathematics, to be taught about the Order and how Its will was interpreted, but too much of what was taught at the university was based on overly rigid philosophies that had no application in the real world.  
Dasen was the perfect example of this.  He developed theories on labor, trade, pricing from what he read in books rather than from spending years in the mills with the workers, from countless hours negotiating contracts, from bidding on resources at public auctions.  This led him to see the world as the elegant clock the Church considered it to be – as long as all the gears are in their proper places, the world will run perfectly.  But if Petr Alsance had spent any time in the real world, he would know that the machine was not nearly that simple.  Not all the cogs were the same: some played a critical, irreplaceable role; some didn’t help the machine at all; others needed extra grease; still others might seem to be work counter to the machine but were, in fact, simply too complex to understand.  By missing these differences, the Church lost sight of what made humans unique and valuable – why had the Twins touched humans with chaos, given them free wills if not to allow them self-determination?  It was also Ipid’s experience that there was not just one way to put the clock together.  In fact, his fortune had be made by developing new ways to bring people together and produce products more efficiently, by finding practical patterns within the Order that no book could explain.  
It was Petr Alsance oversimplified interpretation of the Order that had led the world to regress under the near thousand year rule of the Empire.  During that time, the Church had controlled every aspect of every person’s life to align them with what they saw the Order to be.  They had seen only one interpretation of the Order and only themselves as capable of finding each person’s “place” in that Order.  Self-determination, innovation, anything counter to their strict interpretation was strictly forbidden.  As a result, everyone’s place had remained low, except their own and those of their Imperial enforcers, of course.
“Is it just us then?” the di valati began, pulling Ipid from his thoughts.  “I was led to believe that Dasen would be joining us.”
“It appears that he did not receive my summons,” Ipid conceded.  “My manservant, Elton, has gone to find him.  I am confident that they will arrive shortly.  I know that you are very busy and hope that this does not disrupt your schedule.  While we wait can I interest you in some tea?”
“That would be most welcome, though if you have coffee, I would prefer it.  It is one of the luxuries I allow myself.  You might think of it as the grease that keeps this cog moving.”  The di valati laughed.  Ipid forced himself to join him, but mentally noted that there were very few “cogs” that could afford to brew the expensive beans from the island of Kiz.
“Paul,” Ipid called to his scribe, “do we . . . .” 
“There is no need, sir,” Paul assured.  “I had the kitchen prepare a pot when His Excellency arrived.  It should be here . . . .”  A light tap at the door interrupted Paul’s words.  “That is likely it now,” he said as he strode to the door.  On the other side were Kors Durbins and the young red-haired man.  The later carried a silver tray with a number of porcelain cups and a silver pot.  
“Where would you like me to put the coffee, sir?” the young man asked as he entered.  
“Here on the table, Lyon,” Ipid said with a smile at Paul, “and please pour a cup for Di Valati Alsance and me.  Would you like one as well, Mr. Durbins?” he asked his Order advisor as he entered.
“No thank you, sir,” Kors declined with a small bow.  “How may I be of assistance to you?”
Rather than answer the question, Ipid turned to the di valati.  “Your Excellency, may I introduce Kors Durbins.  I have hired him to assist me in interpreting the Order as it is understood here in Liandria.”
“Dear Kors,” the di valati said as the lawyer approached.  He embraced Kors then held him away, examining him like a grandfather receiving a favorite grandchild.  “It has been some time since I have seen you.  I am glad that you have found a good position.  In my opinion, you can scarce do better than working for Lord Ronigan.  Though he is not yet fully established here in Liandria, he is a good and honorable man, who will surely carry his success from the Kingdoms with him.”
“I have no doubt that is true, Your Excellency.  I am sorry I have not been back to see you.  Lord Ronigan keeps me quite busy, but it is no excuse.”
Ipid, of course, knew that Kors had been a top student at Liandrin University and was not surprised by the greeting.  He had counted on it, in fact.  Petr Alsance could very well undo everything he had put into motion.  The substantial contributions he had made to the university were part of that, but a persuasive and empathetic voice could often go every bit as far. 
“Speaking of busy,” Ipid spoke to his lawyer, “how are the contracts we discussed proceeding?”
“They all seem to be in line with the Order’s divine will.  I am confident that they will be accepted.”
“That is fine.  When this meeting is complete, I will expect a full accounting.  I only plan to be in Liandrin for a short time, and we should make the most of it.  Now, please be seated.  We are waiting only for Elton to return with Dasen.”
Ipid turned from Kors and motioned Petr to a heavily padded, embroidered chair near the room’s dead fireplace.  A welcome morning breeze still swept through the open windows, but it was early summer and there was no need to heat a room that would be intolerably hot in a few hours.  
When he was seated, Ipid joined him in a matching seat on the opposite side.  Kors sat in the configurations only other chair off to the side of Ipid’s.  No seat had been set for Dasen.  Though Dasen had now seen eighteen years, Ipid would not consider him an adult who could sit in the presence of his betters until he found and accepted his place in the Order.  He hoped today would be the first step in that.
The di valati sipped the dark, cream laden coffee and smiled.  “Exactly how I like it,” he sighed and relished another sip.  
Pleased, Ipid took a drink of his own cup and nearly spit it out.  It was so sweet he could barely taste the coffee.  For the briefest moment, he thought to chastise Paul but then saw how the di valati was enjoying it.  He smiled over the rim of his cup and forced down another swallow.
“So, Ipid, what is it that brings us all here with such urgency?” Di Valati Alsance asked between sips.  His tone was casual, but Ipid could tell from his eyes that even he was intrigued by the strange circumstances.
Ipid took a deep breath, pushed back what remained of his thinning hair, and sat forward in his chair, a task made harder by his substantial belly and the tight cut of his suit – have I really added that much weight?  “To put it simply, I have decided that it is time for Dasen to be joined.”
Petr Alsance took a careful sip from his cup, but his eyes darted from Ipid to Kors and back again.  “I see.  And you haven’t discussed this with Dasen?”
“No.  I reached the conclusion only a few weeks ago and did not want to tell him such news in a letter.”
“And you have called on me because you think he will not take the news kindly?”
“That is my fear.  You know his passion for study, but it is not appropriate for a boy of his age, at least not one who will not seek his calling in interpreting the Order.  He needs to get out from behind the university walls and learn about the real world.”  Ipid remembered too late who he was speaking to.  “Petr, you know that I value learning as much as any man.  My contributions to building schools, to your own university show that, but formal learning can only take a man so far.”
“I suppose it depends on the man.  Perhaps, this is Dasen’s place in the Order.”
Ipid’s blood ran cold.  This line of reasoning was exactly what he feared.  Has Dasen already talked with the di valati?  Have they come to an agreement?  He could not lose the boy to the Hall of Understanding.  He could not.  “Are you saying his place in the Order is with the Church?” he asked cautiously.  He held his breath waiting for a response.
“No, no,” Petr assured.  “You misunderstand me.  Though I think he certainly has the ability to become a great and honored interpreter of the Order, I do not think it is his place to do so within the confines of the Church.  His intellect is so sharp, his ability to see the Order so profound that I fear the Church would actually constrain him.  We need men who can see beyond what we know and find the Order in the unknown.  If you promise not to repeat this, I will confide that to be the greatest weakness of our beloved Church.  It is and always has been an excellent arbiter of what is known but is too rigid to see and understand new patterns, to delve deeper into the nature of the Order.  That is why the world stagnated under the Church’s long reign and why we have seen such growth since it was returned to its rightful place.  You, Ipid Ronigan, are possibly the best existing proof of that.”
Ipid was suddenly confused.  This seemed counter to everything he knew about Di Valati Alsance.  “So what are you telling me, Petr?  Dasen should spend his life studying but not become a counselor, not join the conclave in the Hall of Understanding?  How would he support himself and his family?”
The old di valati smiled at that.  “I somehow doubt his family will starve,” he said.  “But I . . . .”  A heavy knock at the door cut off the thought.  “That must be Dasen.  Please let him in.  I will tell you both my thoughts if the opening presents itself.  I know your skepticism, Ipid, and in many cases I would agree.  But you have to trust me that Dasen is a special case.  You may not see the value of his study, but it is there.  I believe it may be far more important than any contributions he could make to Ronigan & Galbridge.”  

#

By the time they had walked across the university grounds, out the main gate, and through a half-a-mile of bustling streets to the manor that served as Ipid’s offices in Liandrin, Dasen’s fear had galvanized into resolution.  The walk had given him the time to gather his thoughts, form a plan, and prepare his arguments.  Though Rynn prattled on for the entire trip, he did not hear a word.  He considered what he would say to his father until he was sure he had covered every possibility.  He felt his commitment growing with every step, knew exactly what he wanted and what he would sacrifice to have it.
As they approached the gate to the manor, he finished the last bite of the sausage bun he had quickly purchased from the first vendor outside the university gates.  He had barely tasted it.  A few minutes later, Elton was leading him to the door of his father’s office.  When the door was opened, Dasen strode defiantly to stand between his father and, to his great surprise, Di Valati Alsance.  The presence of the university rector stopped Dasen cold.  He quickly considered what it could mean.  Has he already turned the rector against me?  He knew that his father had contributed generously to the university, but could Di Valati Alsance be bought?  Either way, the fact that he was here, consulting with his father, did not bode well.  He felt his anxiety rising as he tried not to stare, pleading, at the rector.
Rather than acknowledge his son, Ipid glared at Rynn.  “Elton, please take Rynn and wait in the outer corridor,” he ordered.  
Dasen heard Rynn yelp as Elton herded him out the door.  He turned quickly, but Elton was already shutting the door behind him.  He turned back and saw his father inspecting him.  Dasen did the same and was surprised by what he saw.  There is worry in his eyes.  And he looks so old.  When did his hair become so grey?  When did all those creases appear around his eyes?  Has he really gained that much weight?  How could he have changed so much in so little time?  Or was it that he had not really seen his father in a much longer time than that.  They had been together, certainly, but at uncomfortable dinners separated by a long table, in darkened offices after for one-sided lectures.  But there had been other invitations that Dasen had ignored: offers to visit mills, to observe negotiations, to meet business partners.  His father had tried to include him in his life, Dasen supposed, it was just not what any sane person would consider a life.
Finally, Ipid forced a smile.  “Thank you for coming, Dasen.  I hope we are not inconveniencing you?”
So this is how it will be, Dasen thought, a fight from the first word.  He pushed down his rising anger.  He had to stay in control, especially with Di Valati Alsance in the room.  He took a deep breath to calm his nerves and plunged in.  “Father, I am sorry to be late and in such a state.”  He acknowledged his crumpled clothes, lanky unkempt hair, and days of patchy stubble.  “Your letter seems to have been lost.  I was in the library at my studies when Elton found me.  I had spent the night there and did not have time to prepare myself properly.  Still, if I had known Di Valati Alsance was joining us, I would have insisted on at least changing my clothes and combing my hair.”
“Your appearance is of no concern to me, Dasen,” Di Valati Alsance said.  He rose from his chair and held Dasen’s hand in a firm grip.  “May you find peace in the Order.”
“And you,” Dasen responded automatically.
“What is of concern to me is your choice of accommodations.  I thought we spoke about sleeping in the library.  The university provides you with a perfectly acceptable room and I expect you to use it.  The Order holds no secret so urgent that you need avoid sleep to find it.  As an old man, I can assure you of this.”
“Yes, sir, I will try to remember that,” Dasen replied.  If I ever see the library again.  “I suppose I lost track of the time.  I will be more careful in the future.” 
Di Valati Alsance slapped Dasen on the arm and smiled.  He returned to his seat and looked to Ipid.
As if impelled by the old man’s example, Ipid finally rose and embraced his son.  “I am happy to see you, Dasen.  I am sorry to arrive on such short notice.”  
“Of course, father.  I . . . I am glad that you are here and certainly would not have kept you waiting if I had known of your arrival.”
“It is done,” Ipid brushed the indiscretion away and returned to his seat.  “You are probably wondering why I have come.  I wish that I saw you often enough that my arrival was not a point of great intrigue, but I suppose that is the path the Order has set us upon.”  Dasen was surprised to see his father looking nervous.  He shifted in his chair and studied his hands before bringing his eyes back to Dasen’s.  “Well I might as well get it out, so we can all start breathing again.  Dasen, I have decided that is time for you to be joined.”
“Father, I believe my place . . .” Dasen cut himself off.  What did he say?  Joined?  Dasen shook his head and reordered his thoughts, but he could not get past the idea.  “Joined?” he finally asked. 
“Yes,” Ipid sighed.  He folded his hand in his lap and looked at them for a long moment.  Dasen was shocked by his father’s demeanor almost as much as the purpose of his visit.  He could not ever remember seeing his father unsure or troubled.  “I have decided that it is time for you and Tethina to be joined.  We will travel to Randor’s Pass and hold the ceremony as soon as it can be arranged.”
“To . . . to Tethina?”  Dasen’s mind swam.  He had enough political and commercial savvy to know the value that any number of powerful families would place on a blood connection to Ipid Ronigan – hadn’t Lily Harbisher just proven it.  Yet his father was proposing that he travel to some remote logging outpost to marry the orphaned daughter of a blacksmith?  
“Of course to Tethina, who else could it be?  Surely you know that has always been the Order’s plan for you.”  Ipid looked aghast.  “When you and Tethina were born just weeks apart, a boy and a girl, after Marin and your mother had both had such troubles, we knew it was the Order seeking to solidify the bond between our families.  Until the . . . the accident,” Ipid stuttered then paused to cough.  He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his mouth.  “Excuse me.  Until the accident, you and Tethina were inseparable.  I don’t think you ever spent a day apart.  I think that when we left Randor’s Pass you were more upset about leaving Tethina than . . . than anything else.”  Ipid tried to smile but could only manage a sick imitation.
“I’m sorry, father, I barely remember Tethina,” Dasen managed around his still considerable shock.  He had expected his father to try to end his time at the University, but he did not think he would do it with a joining ceremony.  And even if there had been a promised bride, he’d have expected it to be the daughter of a trading partner, politician, or Liandrian noble.  “It has been a lifetime for both of us.  How is it that she is not already joined?  Don’t girls in villages like Randor’s Pass get joined much earlier?”
“They do,” Ipid confirmed.  “But Tethina has been promised to you since your birth.  She has been waiting for you, and I have decided that the wait should go no longer.”
“Why . . . why didn’t you ever tell me about this?  You . . . you can’t do this.  It doesn’t make any sense.  It . . . it isn’t fair.”  Dasen felt his confusion turn to anger.  What was his father thinking, promising him to some uneducated village girl, who had probably never even been to a city?  What was he supposed to do with such a creature?  He barely managed in the aristocratic circles he was forced to occupy.  Being joined to some bumpkin would make it impossible.  He would be a laughing stock.  What’s more, Tethina would never be accepted.  In the best case, she would be an outcast.  And that was if the Lily Harbishers of the world didn’t hold a grudge.  As it was, they would tear her apart like a pack of wolves descending on a rabbit. 
“I didn’t tell you because you should have already known,” Ipid snapped.  “My mind has never wavered in this.  Burke was like a brother to me.  Your mother and Marin were closer than any sisters.  You and Tethina were the link to bring us together.  The Order has never made a clearer indication of its purpose.”
“I can’t read your mind,” Dasen fired back.  He felt himself losing control of his emotions.  
“You don’t need to,” Ipid growled.  “I am your father, and this is well within my rights under the interpretation of the Order here and in the Kingdoms.”  Ipid gestured to the man sitting behind him.
The tall, dapper young man cleared his throat and sat forward.  “Your father is correct, Dasen,” he assured.  His voice was gentle as if trying to soothe Dasen away from the pending confrontation.  Dasen had no idea who he was.  He could only imagine that he must be an Order advisor, but he seemed too young to be advising his father this closely.  “Since the Reinterpretation removed the choice of partners from the Church, it is deemed that parents, in particular fathers, are best placed to see the match that is most consistent with the Order.  The recent trend toward men and women finding their own partners is a social rather than Order-based phenomenon, and even so, the matches must be approved by the fathers.”
“I . . . I understand that,” Dasen stammered.  “I have read the full accounting of responsibilities as established by the Reinterpretation, you need not remind me.  My dispute is not with my father’s right but rather his choice.”
“What is wrong with Tethina?” Ipid shouted.  His face tightened in anger, flushing past red almost to purple.  He sat forward in his chair and extended his finger to drive home the pending tirade.  Then something seemed to dawn on him.  He relaxed, released a long breath, and lowered his voice.  “There’s someone else, isn’t there?  I should have known that something would eventually happen, especially with all the women roaming around here looking for matches.  And you the best available catch.  So who is it?”
If anything, this new line left Dasen even more rattled.  “There isn’t . . . I mean . . . I don’t . . .”
“It’s alright, Dasen.  You can tell me.  Even if the relationship has gone too far to be proper, it can be fixed.  I expected more of you, but what’s done is done.  Just tell me who she is and what expectations she has, and we’ll work out how to fix it.”
“There isn’t . . . I mean you don’t have to . . .”
“I know you probably have strong feeling for this girl, but it is the will of the Order that you be joined to Tethina.  I have never been so certain of anything in my life.  I deeply regret that you were ever separated, but that was the Order’s will as well, and I could not prevent it.  Now, you have to give up this other infatuation so that the Order can be fulfilled.”
“There is no one else,” Dasen finally managed.  “There are some girls who have expressed an interest, but my studies have always taken priority.  I have not made promises or even courted any girls while I have been here.”
“That is my understanding as well,” Di Valati Alsance assured Ipid.  “I asked after Dasen when I learned of this meeting.  I can confirm that he is entirely dedicated to his studies.  He has not been seen in the regular company of any of the women studying the matronly side of the Order.”
“Thank you, Petr,” Ipid said and relaxed noticeably.  “I am sorry that I jumped to conclusions.  But what then could be your opposition to Tethina?  I know that you have not seen her in a long time, but I have kept a regular correspondence with her and can assure you that she is an extraordinary girl.”
“That may be, but how can you think we are still a good match?  The Order has given us entirely separate paths.  I mean, has she ever been to a city?  Has she been trained in proper etiquette?  Can she socialize with the aristocracy?  With the wives of your business partners?  Can she manage a house?  Can she even read?  Taking her from the village and throwing her into this world would be like throwing a pig from a tree and expecting it to fly.  You are only setting her up to fail in the most dramatic possible way.”
Each question seemed to strike Ipid.  By the time Dasen tapered off, his father looked truly troubled.  “She can definitely read,” Ipid mumbled to himself, “and she is an adequate writer with a clear hand.  Some of the other things you mention will . . . undoubtedly be a challenge.”  
Ipid thought for a moment.  When Dasen drew a breath to continue, he held up a hand to stop him.  “Dasen, you make a valid argument.  Yet I think you underestimate Tethina.  Believe me, she is definitely not the typical village girl.  She is the strongest, smartest girl I have ever known, with the possible exception of your mother.  I must admit she is not likely to fit into society but neither will she be cowed by the challenges of this new life.  Nonetheless, you are correct that it would be cruel to throw her into it without some preparation.”  Ipid sighed deeply then mumbled to himself.  
There was another pause.  Ipid’s lips moved as if calculating in his head.  When his attention returned, Dasen tried to speak, but Ipid held up a hand to stop him.  A small smile crept onto his mouth.  “As I’m sure Di Valati Alsance would agree, the Order provides a solution to every problem, and I think I have found one here.”  After another moment of contemplation, he turned to Dasen.  “Dasen, you were right to think that I came here to take you from the university.  It was my plan that you be joined to Tethina and then return here to represent our growing interests in Liandria.  I knew that you would oppose me on this, which is why Petr is here.  I feared that your commitment to study was such that you might choose the Church over your duty to your family.  However, Di Valati Alsance agrees that your place in the Order is not with the Church.”
Heart pounding, Dasen spared a look at the di valati.  He met Dasen’s eyes and nodded solemnly.  Dasen felt his hopes crash.  He struggled to keep himself from shaking.  That had been his exact plan, and he had been certain that the Church would accept him.  He was the perfect candidate for the Hall of Understanding, had proven himself in every way.  But, apparently, his father’s money could even buy the Church.  There was no escape from his ambitions.
“However,” Ipid continued, “you have also shown me my mistake.  It would have been cruel to pull Tethina from the only life she has known and force her into this new one without any support.  Like a flying pig indeed.  So here is my proposal.  It is six months until the winter term begins.  You and Tethina will be joined as we discussed.  We will leave immediately.  The ceremony will be held as soon as possible, but you will take your time returning to Liandrin.  You will make several stops along the way back, including extended stays in Thoren and Wildern.  Your only duty during this time will be to reacquaint yourself with Tethina and help prepare her for this life.  I am sure you will be the best possible tutor.
“Then when you arrive in Liandrin, you and Tethina will enroll in the university.  This will give Tethina the opportunity to formalize her education and ease into this world.  As a fellow student, you will be here to help her.  You will live in this manor.  I will give you two years.  After that, we will see.  I think that will serve everyone’s needs.”
Before Dasen could answer, Ipid seemed to remember himself.  He turned his attention to Di Valati Alsance.  “I am sorry, your Excellency.  I have just promised a great number of things on your behalf at least a few of which are in clear violation of your policies.  Could I seek admittance to the women’s school on behalf of my to-be daughter, Tethina?  Further, could you provide a dispensation from your policies excluding those who have been joined and requiring all students to live within the university grounds?  I am very confident that this proposal is consistent with the Order.  However, if more study is needed to determine the nature of the Order in this area, I would be happy to provide any resources necessary to complete it.”
Di Valati Alsance smiled.  “Ipid, I think that the Order itself has guided you today.  I think this serves the best interests of Dasen, Tethina, their community, and the world.  That is the very definition of alignment with the Order.  I would be a poor rector if I did not accept your generous offer to fund our continuing studies, but that will not sway me.  Here is what I will tell you: Tethina must write a letter to me in her own hand to express her reasons for seeking further understanding of the matronly side of Order at Liandrin University.  I will read it and consider whether to admit her.  If what you tell me of her shows through in that letter, I can see no issue with her acceptance.  Given the reason for the exception, I can see no reason to keep Dasen and Tethina from studying here though they are joined.  Normally, I would suggest that they complete their studies prior to the distraction of partnership, but in this case, I think it is important that they are bound formally together before Tethina enters this world.  
“However, your final request I must deny.  Study of the Order, as Dasen can attest, requires great focus and concentration.  It requires emersion.  That is why I require all students to live within the grounds, in simple rooms without access to servants – excepting, of course, the maids that ensure the honor of our female students – or their accustomed luxuries.  Luxury and materialism have no place in study, and I am afraid if I allow two students to skirt these rules, I shall never be able to enforce them.  As such, I will provide Dasen and Tethina with a small apartment within the university where they can live as is proper for a couple joined in the Holy Order but without the luxury or escape of this manor.
“Finally, I must insist that as long as they study here, they delay the creation of a child.  Though the creation of children is as integral a part of the Order as the rising of the sun, it would be too great a distraction for them and their fellow students.  If Tethina should become pregnant while she is studying here, I shall bless and honor the child, but I will also insist that she and Dasen leave the university.”
Ipid nodded to each of the requirements then smiled, reached across to the rector, and shook his hand to seal the deal.  “Petr, you reputation is well deserved.  I believe you have seen the Order’s will and can find no fault with your requirements.  Dasen will need to miss the remainder of the term and return with Tethina for the beginning of the winter session.  Is this agreeable?”
Dasen’s mouth opened and closed several times as his father and Di Valati Alsance spoke.  He could only stand and watch as two old men planned his life.  They did not even acknowledge that he was in the room, much less ask his opinion.  “Doesn’t anyone want to know what I think of this plan?” he finally yelled.  “It is my life you are discussing.”
Ipid glanced up as if he had forgotten that his son was in the room.  When he saw Dasen’s defiance, his face hardened.  He drew himself up.  Dasen squared his shoulders for a stand-off, but it was Di Valati Alsance’s soft voice that cut the silence.  “You are quite right, Dasen.  Though it is consistent with the Order for your father to make these decisions, I will not accept a student, especially in these circumstances, who does not agree to our rules.  Do you find fault in how your father and I have read the Order in this matter?”
Dasen had not expected such a measured response, and it threw him, but only for a moment.  Di Valati Alsance made it sound like he had a choice, but it was no choice at all.  Either way, his father would see him joined to Tethina.  He had come into this willing to pledge his life to the Church, but without the di valati’s support, the Hall of Understanding was a fantasy.  He could still give himself to the Order, become a counselor in some village, but what would that gain him?  So he was trapped as surely as a firefly in a jar.  The only path that allowed him to continue his studies was to be joined to a girl he had not seen in twelve years, a provincial girl who would weigh on him like a millstone.  And even that only bought him two more years.  How much of that would be spent tutoring Tethina, coddling her, dealing with her inadequacies, preparing her for a life that she should never have?  How much would this hurt his relationships with his fellow students, who would be out for her blood and his for that matter?  And if she caught a baby?  Well, he’d make sure that didn’t happen.   
Thinking through it all, Dasen felt himself wanting to scream.  All I want to do is study, to understand the Order.  Why is that so hard?  Isn’t that the purpose of every life?  The highest possible calling?  It’s all a lie!  He ground his teeth.  He would do what he must.  A lot could happen in two years.  He’d deal with Tethina but not let her cost him this last opportunity.  She could stay locked in their rooms for all he cared.  This was his father’s idea, he could deal with the damage it would cause.  
Ipid cleared his throat.  “So what will it be, Dasen?  Can you deny the Order’s will in this?”
Of course I can, Dasen thought.  How can ruining two people’s lives possibly be the Order’s will?  But he said, “I don’t know why you bothered to ask.  You haven’t left me with any real choice.  Might as well ask a mouse if he wants to be eaten by a cat or an owl.  When do we leave for Randor’s Pass?”
To Dasen’s surprise, Ipid sighed.  Was that sadness in his eyes?  “I am sorry, Dasen,” he finally said.  Dasen could not believe or accept it.  “I had hoped that this accommodation would please you.  We will leave in the morning and travel directly to Randor’s Pass.  I am sure that by the time we arrive you will have seen the Order working in this.”
“Tomorrow?” Dasen replied in shock.  “How am I supposed to be ready by then?  I am in the middle of a significant project.  I have had records brought in from all over Liandria.  I can’t just leave them.  What is so urgent that we cannot wait a week?”
“It will be tomorrow,” Ipid stated plainly.  “I will send Elton to help you prepare your things.  You will sleep here tonight so that we do not have any confusion in the morning.  Now you should be on your way.  I hope to see you for dinner tonight.”
Ipid turned to Di Valati Alsance, began thanking him for his assistance and apologizing for his son.  Dismissed, Dasen turned toward the door, then a thought struck him.  He turned back to his father.  “Rynn will accompany us as my witness.  You can pick my partner, but the Order gives me the right to a witness of my choosing.  The Church accepted that even before the Reinterpretation.  It will be Rynn.  I assume you can make the proper arrangements.”
Dasen turned and strode toward the door with his father still sputtering behind him.  It was a small revenge – Ipid hated Rynn – but more than that, Dasen felt a small flicker of hope.  If anyone could make the most of a bad situation, it was Rynn.  



Chapter 3


Milne could smell Tethina before she even strode through the back door of the house and rushed into the main room.  Her unique, somehow metallic, smell, like a copper penny held too long in a sweaty palm, swept over her.  Teth followed, smeared black with dirt, except where it ran maroon with blood down her knees, cheek, and along one arm.  Fine, auburn hair that barely reached her long neck was plastered across her forehead.  Sweat ran from her hair down her narrow nose to her thin pink lips then dripped from her sharp chin.  Her best silk shirt was a muddy gray tatters, soaked with sweat and torn across the front so that the cloth she had wrapped around her small breast showed through.  The too-short grey pants she wore were torn at the knees and caked with dirt.  A stream of dried blood marked her thin ankles and stained the top of her soft brown shoes.  If not for the beaming smile and sparkling green eyes, Milne would have thought she had been attacked.
“I did it, Milne,” Teth proclaimed with a whoop.  “I beat them, beat them all.  Five first place coins and it should have been seven.”  Her heavily tanned, sinewy arms rose in triumph showing the coins, sparkling silver in the fading light.  She walked with a slight limp, but each stride was from the toes, quick and easy like a great cat on the prowl.  “The boys are steaming mad.  I’m heading into the forest.  I’ll let them cool down for a few days before I show my face again.  Is my pack still up in my room?”  Teth swept past with barely a glance at her smiling aunt.  Milne knew that she should not encourage her, but she couldn’t help it.  Teth was everything she had ever wanted to be at that age.  And that was just the problem.
As she hit the stairs, Teth saw the man sitting in the other chair by the fire.  She pulled up short.  “What’s he doing here?” she asked without acknowledging the counselor.  “I didn’t break any laws by competing.  Even the governor admitted that there were no rules forbidding women, and if he starts in about the matronly side of the Order, I won’t even bother getting my things.”
“I know we’ve had our differences, Tethina,” Counselor Torpy said calmly, “but I’m not here because of anything you’ve done.  Your aunt asked me to come.  She has something to tell you.  She . . .”
“That’s enough, Counselor,” Milne cut in.  She had little more love for Counselor Torpy than Teth.  She eyed him.  He was only a few years older than her, but she thought of him as old.  A brown robe covered his slight figure tied with a finely woven belt that he had made himself.  The neck remained open far enough to show the small rising sun pendant that unnecessarily denoted his position in the village.  His delicate hands were folded in his lap, revealing only a few of the liver spots that marked them.  His head was completely bald; in fact, he had not a hair on his body: no eyebrows, whiskers, arm or chest hair, no eyelashes for the Order’s sake.  His nose and chin were both long and sharp so that he looked most like a small, plucked bird.
Teth took a cautious step from the stairs and chewed her lip.  Her arms formed a barrier across her chest.  Her legs spread, knees slightly bent as if preparing to wrestle a bear.  “What is it, Milne?” she asked, honest concern entered her voice.  “What could be so important that you’d invite him here?”
Milne took a deep breath and looked toward the counselor.  He smiled and nodded, extended a hand and placed it on hers in reassurance.  That gesture increased Teth’s guard tenfold.  Her eyes bounced between them.  Her mouth pursed, her breath quickened noticeably.  “I have two things to tell you,” Milne finally said, “but I’m afraid if I tell you one of them you won’t stay to hear the other, so I’m not sure where to start.”
“Just tell me, Milne.  Is it Ipid?  Has something happened to him?”
Milne coughed, a deep, racking spasm.  She caught it with a red handkerchief so that no one would see the blood flecked across it.  “Ipid is fine,” she rasped when the spell had passed, “but he sent a letter.”
Teth’s look of concern over the cough turned to wariness over the letter.  Milne longed to be that young again, to have the luxury of being obsessed with herself.  She held Ipid’s letter out to Teth.  She already knew what it would say, knew the reaction it was likely to solicit.  Teth approached and took it with a caution typically reserved for vipers.  She slowly opened it, unfolded the paper, took a deep breath, and began reading.  Her first reaction was to snort at Ipid’s overly sentimental greeting.  Then she grew quiet.  Milne watched her fingers curl around the paper, crumpling its edges.  Her eyes narrowed, her nostrils flared, her teeth clenched.  The explosion was coming.
And Teth did not disappoint.  In a flash of motion, she transformed the letter to scraps.  “I won’t!” she screamed.  “He can’t make me.  And to Dasen, of all people, that sniveling bookworm.  He wouldn’t last one day in the forest, probably doesn’t even remember what a tree is.  He’s no better than some pathetic counselor.”  She looked directly at Counselor Torpy as she said the last, clearly meant the insult for him as well.  “I won’t be joined, and I, by the Order, won’t live in a city.  He can take his money and go to the Maelstrom.”
“Teth, please,” Milne tried to interrupt.
“No, I won’t listen, Milne.  He can’t do this.  I won’t let him.”
“He certainly can,” Counselor Torpy interrupted.  “He controls your paternal custody.  It is within his rights under the Order to find your match.”
“I don’t give an Order’s damn what his rights are!  I won’t be joined to some sniveling boy, who never makes it out of his library.  I won’t spend my life trapped in a stinking city, having tea with a bunch of worthless stuffed dresses, acting like some vapid, pointless piece of furniture.  By the Order, I won’t be joined at all until I’m good and ready.  And when I am, it will be to someone who has earned the right.”  She advanced on the counselor, and he retreated into his chair as if seeking to hide in it.  Teth’s temper and unpredictability were renowned.  Counselor Torpy had seen and handed out punishment for the results many times.  
“I’m leaving,” Teth continued.  “I can’t stay here.  Send him a letter telling him no.  Tell him if he shows up here with his brat son, they’ll never find me.  None of you will ever see me again.”  She turned and ran toward the stairs.  Milne could tell by her shaking hands that she was barely restraining her emotions.  So she already knew, Milne thought.  Deep down, she knew this was coming.  That, at least, will make my task easier.  
“I’m dying!” Milne yelled after her.
Teth stopped.  Her hand rested on the polished banister.  A long time seemed to pass.  Silence gripped the room, even the small fire seemed not to crackle.  Milne watched as the powerful girl deflated: her broad shoulders slumped, her axe handle spine softened, her taught muscles sagged.  Finally, she took a deep breath.  “What are you talking about, Milne?” she asked, but the question lacked conviction.  “You can’t know that.  You have that cough, but no one dies of a cough.”  
“You’ve known it for a long time, Teth,” Milne stated.  “I’ve taught you everything I know as a healer.  You know that this is not a normal cough.  Why else would you keep bringing me bristleweed roots?  Do you think I don’t know how hard they are to find and dig?”
“I . . . I just,” Teth tried to speak through a sob but failed.  She did not turn, but her hands rose to her eyes, and her breaths became ragged.  Her whole body shook like she had a palsy.  Her knees sagged and she collapsed into a heap on the bottom step of the stairs.  “I didn’t know what else to do,” she finally managed to pant.  “The cough just kept getting worse, and that’s the best thing.  I just wanted you to get better.”
“But I’m not getting better, Teth.”  Milne rose from her chair, sat a step above Teth, and placed a comforting hand on her damp, mud caked back.  “I’m dying.  And it is time that we acknowledged it.  That and a great many other convenient lies we have been keeping.”  Milne released a deep sigh and spent a moment just rubbing Teth’s back, waiting for her tears to pass.  She wouldn’t hear anything now, so there was no point in talking.
When Teth’s sobs had faded to snuffles, Milne handed her a clean rag and started again.  “I think it is time for us to be honest with ourselves.  This whole life of ours has been a lie, but I can only blame myself.  I should have never let it go this far, but after the accident . . . .  Well, after the accident, I just couldn’t say no to you.”  Her tears wiped away, Teth moved her head to Milne’s lap, hugged her knees like a child.  Milne reflexively stroked her sweat-matted hair.  She couldn’t remember a time when Teth was this compliant, and she took advantage, had the conversation that had been needed for a long time.  “You probably remember, after the accident, you wouldn’t talk, wouldn’t play, didn’t even cry.  You just sat, staring at the ruins of your father’s shop.  If I tried to pull you away, you screamed and clawed at me like a cat.  I could barely get you to eat.  I didn’t know what to do.  Finally, I convinced you to help me gather herbs in the forest.  And a transformation occurred.  It was as if the trees somehow pulled the poison out of you.”  Milne looked down at the head on her lap, saw Teth smiling at the memory.  “It was the only time you were happy, the only time you would talk to me, so I made excuses to spend time there, day-after-day.
“Then came the bow, the hunting, and it made you so happy, so confident that I didn’t want to stop it even though I knew I should have.  When Counselor Torpy found out, he wanted to forbid you from leaving the village, but I begged him, pleaded, told him you needed the forest to heal.  And eventually, he conceded.”  Teth snuffed, would probably never accept that the counselor, who had opposed her so many times, ever had her best interests in mind.  Milne looked at Jael Torpy.  He did not meet her eyes, just picked at his robe.  She had been so cruel to him over the years, she realized, but he had been right all along.  Perhaps the cure had been worse than the disease.  
“I knew where it would lead,” Milne continued, “but I couldn’t bring myself to take that away from you.”  She paused, took a breath.  “And if we are being honest, I saw myself in you, used you to live the life I never had the courage to live.  But the truth eventually comes calling on every lie, and make no mistake, this life you’ve been leading has been a lie.  Counselor Torpy would say that you are out of alignment with the Order, and that may be, but more importantly, there is simply no place for you as you are.”  
Teth went rigid.  She tried to raise her head, but Milne grasped her neck, held it in her lap.  “Wait.  Let me finish.  This needs to be said, and you need to listen.  I know that is a terrible thing for me to say.  It is cruel and unfair, but it is the truth.  In the world outside of our lie, women have a place, and it is not hunting, running races, fighting.  It is in the home, raising children, making meals, supporting husbands.  That is the path the Order has set, and the one we both knew you would eventually have to take.”  Teth tried to rise again, but Milne would not let her up.  She was going to hear this if Milne had to tie her.  “You’ve had far more opportunities than most, and I am so happy that you competed in the games, that you won.  They can never take that away from you.  You will always know that you are better than any boy in this district, but that has to be the end.  It is time to accept the Order, to stop fighting it and become what you must become.”
Having said her peace, Milne let Teth go.  She shot up like a coiled spring, stepped back, rubbing her neck and looking like she’d been betrayed.  But for once, she was at a loss for words.  Milne sat on the step and let her think, watched the emotions battle for control of her face as she spun through each, looking for the one that fit best.  “This . . . this is not how it was supposed to happen,” she finally admitted.  “I . . . I was . . . I . . .”
“You were what?” Milne asked.  Teth was on the ropes.  It killed her, but Milne had to finish her while she had the chance.  “You thought this could go on forever?  That I would never get old?  That you would never grow up?  Where did you think it would end, Teth?  That some handsome stranger would come striding out of the forest and say, ‘I’ve always wanted a wife who can out hunt me?’  This is exactly how it has to end.  You have no friends here, no prospects, you just admitted that a mob may be hunting you as we speak.  If Ipid weren’t protecting you . . . .  You have no future here, and there is nothing else waiting out there.”
Teth’s face collapsed.  Her already red eyes brimmed with tears.  Her hand rose to her mouth.  “But why now?  Why Dasen?  There has to be someone better, has to be another way.”
“It has to be now, because I am dying,” Milne stated plainly.  Teth wailed like a knife had just entered her gut.  “It has to be Dasen because there is no one better.  Everyone in this village knew from the moment of his birth that your match was part of the Order’s plan.  I regret that you were ever taken away from each other.  I begged Ipid to leave Dasen here with me, and he begged Counselor Torpy to let you live with him, but neither of them could be swayed.  
“You have read Ipid’s letters, and I’ve watched you read them.  I know exactly when you read about Dasen.  I see how you light up.  I know that you still love him, have never lost that childhood affection.  He has taken a different path from yours, but he is, and always was, a kind and thoughtful boy.  Further, Ipid has promised you every chance: time to adjust to your new life, a place in one of the world’s most prestigious universities, a friend to help you along the way.  And don’t be mistaken, that is what Dasen is, your friend, the only one you have.  When you see him, you will realize that he never stopped being that.  Every woman in this world will tell you that is the best you can ever hope for.
“And the alternative is far worse.  I never told you, but prior to your father’s death, Ipid made him a full partner in Ronigan & Galbridge.  He has maintained that division all this time.  Your name on the corporation is not symbolic; half of it belongs to you.”
“I’m a woman,” Teth screamed.  “I can’t own property.  It’s as well the Church owned it as me.”
“But that property still goes with you.  Whoever joins you will control it.  Do you understand, Teth?  You are the possibly the most valuable match in the Unified Kingdoms.”
“I don’t want money.  Ipid can have it if that’s all he wants.”
“Not Ipid, Tethina.  Your uncle.”  Milne gave that a moment to sink in.  “When I die, your custody will shift to him.  And he will certainly put an end to your current life.  He has told me that you should be chained to the hearth until you learn your place.  He will break you, Teth.  And then he will sell you like a lot of lumber to the highest bidder.  Instead of joining Dasen, you’ll be joined to someone who wants half of Ronigan & Galbridge, probably an old man or maybe his son, but in either case, they won’t care about you, won’t give a damn what happens to you once they have your property.  That is why I wrote to Ipid, why I asked him to arrange this, why I told him that the joining ceremony had to be now.”
Teth stared at Milne as if she had never seen her before.  The accusation could not have been clearer.
“No, Teth,” Milne snapped.  “This is what has to happen, and you won’t make me feel guilty for it.  We both knew that this life could not continue forever.  There was never going to be an easy way out.  We’ve backed ourselves onto a cliff and rather than stop we’ve just kept going until there’s nowhere even to stand.  Ipid is proposing the only safe passage off that cliff.  Trust me, it will be hard.  It will be uncomfortable.  It will be work.  But the only alternative is to fall.”
Teth looked up from the floor where her eyes had been fixed.  She looked hollow, emptied out.  Her long limbs sagged as if she no longer had the strength to hold them in their joints.  Milne could not ever remember seeing Teth so defeated, did not even know it was possible.  
“I . . .” Teth tried to speak but couldn’t find the words.  She looked again into Milne’s pleading eyes.  “I . . . I have to think about this.  It’s too much.  I can’t think right now.”  Milne reached for her, but Teth shook off her hands and ran up the stairs.  
A moment later, she reappeared with a crude framed pack over one shoulder.  She looked at Milne, and her face started to collapse.  She reached down and brought her much smaller aunt into a crushing hug.  “I . . . I’ll be back.  I promise,” she whispered.  Then she ran out the door without so much as a look back.
“Tethina,” Counselor Torpy yelled after her, “you can’t. . . .”
He stopped when Milne placed a hand on his shoulder.  “It is no use.  She is gone, but she’ll be back.”  Milne wiped the tears that were finally coming to her own eyes.  The cough overtook her and she hacked for several moments.  All she could think was how much she hated herself for what she had just done, but it was the only way to save her precious Teth.  “Can you write a letter for me?” she asked the counselor when she could speak.
“Of course, I’ll need to return to my house for some paper and ink, but that is no problem.  What do you need?”
“I want to send a response to Ipid, to let him know that Tethina has agreed to the ceremony.”

#

Teth could barely see for the tears welling in her eyes as she stepped down the front porch of her aunt’s small house.  She wiped them away but could not stop the new ones forming.  “Damn it all,” she sobbed.  She pulled the cloth Milne had given her from her pocket and wiped her eyes and nose.  She strode quickly down the lane toward the center of the village.  Normally, she would have snuck through the woods to the bridge, but she did not have the energy for stealth.  She stumbled down the path, barely aware of where her feet were taking her.
There is no place for you.  You have no friends, no prospects, no future.  It is all a lie.  You are a lie.  Milne’s words, real and implied, echoed through Teth’s mind.  How could her aunt think that?  How could she say it?  The only one who had ever loved her for who she was.  How could Milne betray her like that?  But Milne was dying and with her the last defense.  She could see now what Milne had done for her.  How her tiny aunt had single-handedly held the entire world back.  Like a pebble holding a boulder, had placed herself between Teth and a world set on crushing her.  And Milne was right, there was no place for her.  No one would ever join her.  She would never have a place in the village, would never be able to be who she was.  Milne was right, she was a fantasy.
Without even realizing it, Teth came to the last trees and entered the village.  She had been jogging.  Somewhere her body protested.  Her legs ached from the work they had already done.  She was covered in bruises.  More than anything, she felt wrung out and desperately tired.  The sun was fading over the mountains.  It would be night soon, and the last thing she wanted to do was trek through the roughest part of the Great Western Forest in the dark, but she could not have stayed with her aunt for another second, could not listen to another word.  She had to get away, had to have some time to think without having to see her aunt, without having to acknowledge the truth.
Absorbed in her thoughts, Teth nearly ran straight into the cluster of boys waiting at the head of the path.  She snapped from her revere and pulled to a painful stop.  A quick count revealed a dozen young men with more running in from the village to join the mob.  The boys seemed as surprised to see her, as she was to see them.  They stumbled back.  That was her opening.  She knew that she should have used it to disappear into the trees, but she was too tired, too angry, too defeated to hide.  She wanted to either fight or lay down and die.  Maybe both, she couldn’t decide.  
“There she is!” a boy at the front yelled.  “She’s come to us.  This’ll be easier than we thought.”  The boys behind him grumbled their agreement and spread out around her.
An hour ago, Teth would have led them on a chase.  She’d have separated them, laid traps, ambushed straggler.  A few fingers would be broken, ankles twisted, welts given, and heads cracked, but no one, including her, would have been seriously hurt.  Then Counselor Torpy would blame her for everything, and she’d spend her time locked in his small school transcribing The Book of Valatarian until it all started again.  She seemed to play this game with them every few months, but none of them ever seemed to learn.  
Only this time, she didn’t feel like running.  She wanted it all to end, to just be over.  One way or another she was done with them.  She looked at their faces, saw the hatred in their eyes.  Her aunt was right.  There was no place for her.  She would never be accepted as she was, could never be part of their world.  The thought filled her with anger.  Why did it have to be this way?  Why couldn’t they just let her be?  
She growled, dropped her pack, and drew the long knife tied to her leg.  She drop into a fighting crouch, held the knife before her.  So this is how they want it, she thought.  Well, let them come.  I don’t care anymore.  I’m already dead, but at least I’ll take a few of them with me.  She hissed at them and lunged forward with the knife.  She was not nearly close enough to hit anyone, but it sent the boys scrambling back.
They began to grumble, seemed to lose their courage.  “She’s finally lost it,” one of them whispered.  “Look at ‘er, like a wild animal or somethin’.”
“That’s what happens ya fight the Order long enough,” another stated.  “Yir mind ‘ventually snaps.  Just like the Exiles, all ya can think on is chaos.  Let’s get outta here.  She’s not worth it.”
Teth was panting between growls.  If they wanted to think she was crazy, she’d be happy to accommodate them.  She swung again with the knife and laughed as the boys tumbled away from her, all except one.  The largest boy in the village, Pete Magee, stepped forward.  “Looks like an animal that needs ta be tamed ta me,” he drawled.  “Best thing for a bitch that bites is a beatin’.  That’s what my da’ always says.”  He pushed up his shirt sleeves revealing thick, hairy forearms.  He was tall, broad, and strong as an ox, had won most of the events Teth didn’t enter.  His fists were clenched into great hammers.  One blow from those would put Teth down to stay.
The other boys began to form a circle around the combatants.  Having found their champion, their confidence returned and the jeers resumed.  Teth snarled, but her hands were wet with sweat.  She could barely grip her knife.  Her legs trembled.  It took her every ounce of will to keep the knife blade from shaking, from giving away her fear.  
“Come on, bitch,” Pete snarled, “time to learn not to bite yir betters.”  He lunged at her, fists as big as her head sweeping in from both sides.  Teth froze.  What had she been thinking?  Had she thought she could actually stab someone?  She scrambled back from the closing fists, spun just enough to get her face out of their paths.  One set of knuckles passed over her, but the others caught her shoulder, sending her to the ground.  She landed hard.  The knife spun from her hand as she struggled to find her hands and knees.
A boot caught her in the stomach.  She spun, landed on her back, and felt the air rush from her lungs.  She gasped, rolled into a ball, felt tears form in her eyes.  A roar erupted from the circle of boys around her.  She could feel them closing in.  By the Order this is really happening, was all she could think.  The posturing, the intimidation had finally failed.  They were finally going to get their revenge.  She closed her eyes, prepared to feel the kicks and blows that would soon rain down, prayed to the Order that they would stop at a beating.
“Stop!  All of you, right now!” a voice demanded.  “Every one of you will be in the village square for judgment in five minutes or I will hunt you down personally and deliver double.  Now, leave her be!”  The voice belonged to Counselor Torpy.  Teth had never before been glad to hear it, and she wasn’t sure she was now.  Was a beating really worse than dealing with a counselor right now?
The boys grumbling as they shuffled past her.  “If I see one of you so much as touch a hair on her head, you’ll spend the next month with me and The Book of Valatarian.”  
Counselor Torpy appeared at her side, helped her to her feet with surprisingly strong hands.  She could barely stand for the pain in her stomach and ribs, but the counselor supported her.  With the protection of the village’s smallest man, she watched the mob disperse.  Several boys looked back with death in their eyes.  She wasn’t sure if the counselor had helped or hurt her.  “I guess I’m supposed to thank you,” she finally managed.  She held an arm over her stomach and tried to work feeling into the other.  She could barely lift it.  The bruise was going to be vicious.
“You should leave.”  Counselor Torpy examined her with what could only be disgust.  “And this time, while you are away, think about what you have done to your aunt, to this village.  Do you see what happens when you don’t follow the Order?  Your selfishness has delivered this entire village to chaos.  You have made your aunt an exile.”  Teth fumed, but the counselor just sniffed.  “I have tried to be patient with you.  You may think I have been harsh, but I should have been far harsher.  I should have stopped this game of yours a long time ago, but I thought it would play itself out.  Now it has come to this.  It is time for you to grow up, Tethina.  You’re not a little girl anymore.  This isn’t cute anymore.”
Teth looked at the counselor in shock.  A game?  Did he think she liked being hated, that she was doing this as some kind of joke, that she just wanted attention?  Was that how the people here saw her, as some kind of misguided child who would eventually grow up and be the woman they all expected her to be?  She fought tears again as the counselor’s disapproving eyes pounded her as surely as any fist.
“Get out of here,” he finally waved her away.  “Go to your hiding place and mope.  But if you can’t take up your place in the Order when you return, you are not welcome back.  I will not allow this blatant disregard for the Holy Order in my village any longer.  If you can’t honor your aunt enough to take her advice, then I don’t want to see you again.  And next time, I will not be here to save you when the Order tries to reestablish its balance.”
Counselor Torpy released her arm with a shove.  Teth could feel where his fingers had been digging into her, just another set of bruises to remind her of this tremendous, terrible day.  She picked her pack up and stumbled toward the old stone bridge at the edge of the village.  Her legs barely seemed to obey her, but she hardly noticed for the sobs that racked her.


Chapter 4


The pools of shadow slowly consolidated into pits of black around the trees as the sun retreated behind the distant peaks of the Clouded Range.  This part of the Great Western Forest was mainly ancient pines with a few hearty broad leafs scattered among them: aspens, maples, oaks, and elms.  The forest was dense enough to keep most of the bushes and grass at bay so that the most treacherous obstacles were the tangle of shallow roots covered by a shifting bed of dead pine needles and rotting leaves.  Teth stepped over and around the hidden roots without thought or effort.  Her mind was far away from the forest she traversed, but each step remained silent, her path the cautious circuit of a hunter sliding from tree to tree like a ghost.  To her right was the babble of the woodland creek that ran behind her aunt’s house.  She was following it without thought, letting her ears be her guide as her mind wandered.
It had been six days since Teth had stumbled into the forest that terrible night.  After traversing the full range of her emotions from elation to heartbreak to devastation in the course of a single crushing hour, she had cried herself to sleep under the shelter of a low, broad pine without food, water, or fire.  The next morning had been no better.  She had stumbled to her hunting shelter and spent another day curled in a ball, hoping to disappear.  Finally, on the third day, she found enough will to go on living, to feed her rumbling stomach, warm her shivering body, and quench her terrible thirst.  From there, she had slowly made a deal with herself, made the promises that would keep the real Teth alive even if she had to remain hidden within.  She would follow their rules, wear their dresses, live in their city, attend their university, but she would not cower, would not be a slave for some boy.  She would remain strong, fierce, independent, equal.  That decision made, she packed everything in her shelter, left her bow, all her supplies and equipment behind and said a final goodbye to that part of her life, to what would always be her real home.
Now the part she feared most.  She had to go back, had to face her aunt, Counselor Torpy, the rest of the village and admit that she had given in to their expectations.  Then Dasen . . . .  A wave of desperation washed over her.  She felt the water rising again to claim her, but she pushed it down, steadied herself on the smooth bark of a great fir, reminded herself to take one challenge at a time lest they overwhelm her.  
Drawn from her thoughts, Teth watched her aunt’s small, gabble-topped cottage emerge from between the trees.  She cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden, examined the plants already stretching up, the fruits, pods, and delicate leaves nearing maturity.  But this was not her aunt’s typical garden.  Weeds filled every crevice between the rows.  Plants had been left untended, their stems sprawling across the ground when they should have been staked in place.  Lettuces and herbs were shooting to seed.  Teth bent and began pulling handfuls of creeping weeds from between the rows of beans.  After a few moments, she realized the futility of her effort, realized she was just making excuses.  She promised the weeds that she would return with a hoe, stood, and stared at the back door.  She brushed her muddy hands down her deer hide pants and walked up the three rickety steps.
At the door, Teth heard voices.  She listened, heard her aunt describing the medicinal properties of what could only be mulberry bark.  Her voice sounded weak, unsteady and was often interrupted by a restrained cough.  The sound of it made Teth’s heart stop.  She almost turned around.  Was she ready to face her dying aunt?  Could she see Milne weak and sick without falling back into the depression that had almost claimed her in the forest?  Ever since the spring thaw, she had known.  She had never admitted it to herself, but she had known, and her reaction had been to hide, to see her aunt as little as possible, to deny what was right before her.  And it had cost her those last few months.  Now, when Ipid and Dasen arrived, she’d be dragged away, never to see Milne again.  She had wasted too many days already.  It was time to stop running.  She took a deep breath, braced herself, and pulled the plank door open.  
“Hello, Tethina,” her aunt called.  “I’m glad you are back.”
Teth made her way cautiously into the main room, stood in the doorway that separated it from the storage room at the back of the house.  Her aunt was sitting near the fire despite the warmth of the summer evening.  She looked so small and fragile that Teth wanted to cry.  This was not how she wanted to remember the strong, sharp-eyed woman who had raised her, not as a withered thing wasting away in a chair.  She looked down at the floor, gathered her emotions, then looked at the other chair.  
“Hello, counselor,” she said past the lump in her throat.
“Hello, Tethina,” he responded.  “Welcome back.  Your aunt has asked me to write some notes for the herbalist that will be taking her place.”  The mention of a new herbalist was like a slap.  Teth was supposed to be the new herbalist, had been her aunt’s only apprentice.  She recoiled despite herself, felt her stomach lurch.  
“That will be enough for today, Counselor,” Milne said.  “Thank you again for your help.  Perhaps we can pick-up again tomorrow if you have time.”  She gave the counselor a genuine smile.  He patted her hand as he gathered his papers and stood to go.  
“Of course, Milne,” he assured.  “You should get some rest in any case.  I will be back tomorrow afternoon.”
“You . . .,” Teth began then felt like an intruder.  She stopped and chewed her lip.
Counselor Torpy turned to her.  “What is it, Tethina?”  His voice was calm and kind, like he was talking to a skittish fawn he had found walking through his garden.
“Milne, I can write the notes for you, if you’d like,” Teth offered.  “It will be easier.  I already know the properties of the local plants.  You can just guide me on which ones to include and how to present them.”
Milne and the counselor looked at each other and smiled.  “That would be most welcome, Teth,” Milne replied.  “Counselor can you leave the book here so Tethina can complete it?”
“Certainly.  And please let me know if there is anything else you need.  I will be busy preparing for the ceremony but can always find some time.  May you find peace in the Order.”  Counselor Torpy placed the slim, leather bound book he had been writing in on the side table, gathered his remaining things, and let himself out of the front door.  Teth had barely noticed anything that happened after the mention of the ceremony and was surprised to see him gone.  
Finally alone, she turned to Milne.  “Is there any hot water?  I’d like to clean up and change my clothes.  I have two quail in the bag cleaned and ready for the spit.  I’ll start them roasting when I come down.”  
“I just pulled the kettle off the fire.”  Milne gestured toward it.  She looked so tired.  “The water should still be hot.  There is some stew left in the pot as well if you’d like.  I’m not very hungry, but you should make something for yourself.”
Teth nodded, grabbed a large wooden bowl from the back room and approached the fire.  She used the heavy rag by the hearth to tilt the enormous iron kettle on the hook that held it over the fire.  A stream of water spouted forth to fill the bowl.  Teth held her face over the bowl as the water poured, felt the steam rising to cover her.
“I am glad to see you are back,” Milne said.  “I was beginning to wonder.”
“I’m sorry,” Teth sighed.  She wanted to list all the numerous ways she was sorry but couldn’t find the words.  “I had a lot to think about, but I’m ready now.  At least I think I am.”
When her aunt didn’t answer, Teth set the hot bowl down and looked up.  Milne had a red cloth pressed to her lips, but Teth could still see the outline of a smile around it.  For now, that was enough.  She picked up the bowl with two hands and walked carefully up the steps to her small room.
Twenty minutes later, she returned down the stairs feeling refreshed but awkward.  She had laboriously scrubbed a week of grime from her body, washed her short hair, and changed into, of all things, a dress.  The simple blue cotton dress had been a gift from Ipid a year before.  It was a fine weave with flowers embroidered along the square-cut neck.  Between the soft fabric and craftsmanship, it was an extravagant gift, but it was much too short, reaching only to the middle of her long calves, and of a style most often worn by young girls.  When she had first received it, she had torn off the too-tight sleeves, and that was the only thing that kept her broad shoulders from bursting the seams.  The end result was certainly not appropriate for a woman of her age preparing for her joining ceremony, but it was the best she could manage.  And, even worse, she felt naked.  Her unbound breasts felt horribly exposed.  Her legs missed the reassurance of a covering.  Her hips felt too light without the belt or pack resting upon them.
Teth found her aunt asleep in her chair.  She cleared her throat, and Milne’s head shot up.  Teth stood as her aunt examined her.  Then Milne brought a hand to her mouth to suppress a cough.  For a moment, Teth thought she was about to cry and felt like she might join her, but she had misread her aunt’s expression.  Milne laughed.  She laughed until the cough overtook her then hacked until she was entirely out of breath.
Teth ran to her side, rubbed her thin back, supported her as her lungs rebelled against her.  When she finally stopped, the smell of blood wafted through the air.  She wiped her lips with the ever present cloth and smiled.  “You look ridiculous,” she gasped.
Affronted, Teth stepped back and looked down at herself.  “What’s wrong with this?  It’s the nicest one I have.”
“I know, my dear,” Milne managed around another chuckle.  “But it will never do.  This is almost more scandalous than your usual clothes.  It is too short, there are no sleeves, the style is all wrong, and it fits you like a sack.”
Milne coughed again, giving Teth a chance to inspect herself.  Unused to dresses, she had not noticed how it sagged around her chest where her breasts were supposed to fill it, slumped in the middle where there were supposed to be hips, and strained at the top where her shoulders jutted through the too small holes.  If possible, she felt even more exposed.  She crossed her arms in front of her and slumped to the floor to sit cross-legged before her aunt’s chair.
“Oh, my dear,” Milne laughed again.  “I don’t know what we will do with you.”
“What now?” 
“Teth, when was the last time you saw a woman sitting cross-legged on the floor?  Never.  And if, for some reason, she were required to do so, she most certainly would keep the hem of her dress below her knees.”
Teth struggled to pull down the dress, but Milne only laughed more, which brought on another fit of coughing.  “I’m trying, Milne,” she almost cried.  “I don’t know any of this stuff.  I am who I am.  I’ll try to be the lady you want, but I can’t get rid of myself.  That is what I decided in the last few days.  I will try to be a lady, to fit in, but I can’t just stop being who I am.  That person, as bad as she may be, is me.  If I kill her, I’ll kill myself.  There won’t be anything left.  Do you understand, Milne?  I can try, but the real Teth will always be in here.”
A tear snaked down Milne’s sunken cheek, her tiny nose turned red, and her mouth pursed.  She held out her arms, too overcome to speak.  Teth sprang to her feet and threw herself into her aunt’s embrace.  She thought she would cry but the tears never came.  Milne’s tears soaked into her shoulder but she did not sob.  She pulled Teth away, held her in her strong hands, and smiled.  “I am so glad,” she whispered.  “Keep her alive for me.  You will need her.  Take what they give you.  Make the most of it, learn, adapt, but don’t lose your fire.  Just take your time.  Bring Dasen to your side.  Make him your ally.  Then you can work together to find a place for the real Tethina.”
Relief rushed over Teth, and she smiled for the first time in a week.  “So what will we do about you?” Milne asked again.  “We’ll never turn you into a lady in three days, probably can’t even have a proper dress ready in that time.”  
Teth’s stomach lurched.  “Three days?” she breathed.
“Or less.  We can’t be sure, but I’d guess that’s the most time we’ll have.  I received a letter two days ago along with that dress over there.”  Milne pointed to a long box in the corner.  Peeking from it was a mound of white silk and lace.  Teth felt herself grow faint.  Milne steadied her.  “They were in Wildern at the time, but I don’t think the package could have beaten them by more than five days.”
Teth gulped.  She could not get her eyes away from the dress, could not even imagine what it was going to be like to wear something like that.  Certainly the villagers would have a good laugh.  “And the ceremony?” she asked without wanting to know the answer.
“Ipid suggested the next Teaching Day.”  
Teth tried to remember what day it was.  “That’s five days from now,” she breathed.
“Yes, my dear.  So we should probably start with the joining dress.  I sent some measurements to Ipid, but I couldn’t be sure since you weren’t here, and as this dress shows, he doesn’t always follow my instructions, so we may have a lot of work ahead of us.”  Milne sighed, seemed suddenly very old and tired. 
“I will ask one of the women from the village to do the alterations,” Teth said.  “You are in no shape to sew a dress like this, and neither of us was ever worth a stitch with a needle.  I have money to pay, but they’d probably do it just to see me in that ridiculous thing.”  They both chuckled at the thought.
“While you’re at it, we should see if we can get at least one proper dress sewn for everyday.  I should have thought to buy some material when the last caravan came through, but maybe there’s enough in Ipid’s old store.”  Teth nodded, looked at her aunt’s long-sleeve wool dress.  It was loose through the top, hanging off her emaciated form, then ran in what looked like heaps to the floor.  Teth couldn’t imagine wearing that much material.  It looked hot, uncomfortable, and restricting.  She sighed.  Maybe there wouldn’t be any fabric.
“Your hair is impossible,” Milne continued, “and those hands.  Oh well, Dasen would learn what he’s getting eventually.  Might as well be from the first glance.”
Teth made a face.  What he’s getting?  
Milne nodded.  “He’s getting the strongest, smartest girl I have ever known.  And he will learn to love you every bit as much as I do.”
Despite the queasiness that dominated her stomach, Teth could not help but smile.

#

“Sir, I’m sorry to interrupt, but we’re going to need you.”  Elton’s deep voice ended Rynn’s soliloquy on the geography of the Unified Kingdoms, primarily centered on its monotony and how that directly related to the personalities of its inhabitants.  
Neither Dasen nor Ipid were paying him the slightest attention.  Dasen felt somewhat bad for ignoring his friend, but he had not fully considered how difficult a traveling companion Rynn was likely to be.  Unable to focus on a book or even sit still for more than a few minutes, Rynn was almost bouncing off the walls of the coach by the time they stopped each day.  He seemed to speak non-stop about every thought that entered his head, skipping from subject to subject like a squirrel in a room full of nuts.  He had a gift for witty observation that made most of his conversation entertaining, but even so, Dasen and Ipid had learned to block him out to maintain their sanity.
At that moment, Dasen was absorbed in a book of treatise on the Order-defined division of duties and matronly side of the Order.  He had purchased it for Tethina but decided he should read it first.  It was never a topic that he had found to be of much interest, despite his earlier claims.  The basic doctrine seemed so obvious that he didn’t understand why anyone would bother to study it.  Of course men were stronger, more logical, and better able to interpret the Order.  They were made to provide for, protect, and guide the family.  Likewise, anyone could see that women were weaker, incapable of higher logic, and easily led astray.  The Order had given them the ability to produce children and the temperament to raise them, but they needed men to protect, provide for, and guide them to alignment with the Order.  Wasn’t that obvious to everyone?  And all the societal norms that flowed from that division were simple, logical extensions of that basic premise.
Meanwhile, Ipid was notating yet another contract to purchase lumber rights for the recently opened mills in Liandria.  Normally, he would dictate those changes to his secretary, but Paul had fallen from the coach the first night outside of Wildern and broken his arm.  Ipid had insisted that he return to the city to receive proper treatment and had been without him ever since.  More bad luck had followed.  A day later, the coach carrying his other retainers had broken an axel and been left behind.  Then the rain had started.  For two straight days it had rained almost constantly.  They spent a day waiting it out then went on when it did not abate.  That had led to a horrible day of jostling and shaking just to reach this speck of a town.  Now, it appeared that there was a problem with the covered cart carrying their luggage.  The next day would be Fifth Day, followed by Rest Day, and finally, Teaching Day, the day of the joining ceremony.  If they lost another day, Dasen would not even have the chance to meet Tethina before they were joined.
The only redeeming fact was that they were sitting in the backroom of a surprisingly nice inn – at least the backroom was nice, having been, apparently, built for wealthy travelers like themselves.  It was a welcome relief from the establishments that had housed them the past two nights: rough buildings with a single smoky room occupied by a few long tables, greasy food, tiny rooms, crude furnishings, and beds he was almost afraid to sleep in.  Dasen had not bothered complaining to his father.  They were hardly speaking to each other now, and even so, Ipid barely seemed to be with them most of the time.  
It all started in the first days of their trip when Ipid staunchly refused to tell him about Tethina or let him read any of her letters.  He would only say that he did not want Dasen to “form any ideas before he had met her,” which only made him more desperate to know what ideas his father had in mind.  His mind spun on the topic continuously.  Could it really be that bad?  Was she simple-minded, crippled, ugly, vain, pious, flighty, domineering, greedy, promiscuous?  Dasen had imagined every possible scenario, worried about them, ranked them, prepared himself for them, tried to ignore them, but it was no use.  The lack of certainty was slowly killing him.  
On the fourth day of the trip, Dasen had taken his revenge.  Outside the city of Lianne on Alta, they stopped to tour one of Ipid’s newest mills.  In that and each of the four others they had visited, Dasen found the same miserable conditions.  Workers completed the same repetitive tasks endlessly, often at a backbreaking pace.  Many of them were missing fingers or even hands from the dangers of their work.  Hordes of workers crippled beyond their ability to contribute in the mills performed whatever menial task they were capable of.  The shanty villages where they lived were squalid.  The houses were close together and quickly built of identical designs.  No trees blocked the beating sun.  The roads were dirt and mud.  Sewage ran in open trenches to whatever river powered the mill’s gigantic waterwheel.  Ipid swore that the workers made better wages than they’d receive if they were still tied to the land where owners were, under the current interpretation of the Order, only required to provide for their “subsistence”.   However, Dasen knew that many of the workers had not come from the country.  Many of them were free craftsmen who had been displaced by Ipid’s more efficient mills.  These had been forced backward in life, moving from using hard won skills to menial, repetitive tasks; from comfortable wages to squalor.  Even the children were tied inexorably to the mills.  Ipid was very proud of the schools he had established in the shanty towns, and the children who excelled in them were given the opportunity to apprentice as engineers or managers, but the others were soon shuffled into jobs as runners, sorters, and cleaners until they were old enough to join their fathers in the more demanding and dangerous work.
Seeing nothing further to lose, Dasen had allowed his distaste to show.  He was insolent and derisive in the mill, rude to the managers, and defiant when speaking with the workers.  When they finished, an epic argument had ensued.  They opposed each other at ear-splitting decibels on everything from working conditions, to wages, to pricing.  Each drew on different interpretations of the Order to defend their positions and claimed to be working for the betterment of all society.  It ended only when Ipid again threatening to end Dasen’s time at the university, which was “corrupting his good sense,” and Dasen told his father he would be cast into the Maelstrom for his defilement of the Holy Order.  After two other, equally petulant, stops, Ipid had given up and allowed Dasen to remain sitting in the coach while he toured the final mill.  They had barely shared a civil word since.  When his father wasn’t reviewing contracts, reports, or production plans, he was staring morosely out the window.  If he bothered to look at his son, it was with disappointment in his eyes.  
 “What is it, Elton?” Ipid looked up from his contract and stared at his servant over the rims of his reading glasses.  “I want to get a revised version of this contract sent back to Wildern in the morning, and there are still several pages here.  Is it critical?”
“I’m sorry, sir,” the Morg responded.  He was wearing a waxed canvas coat and broad brimmed hat both of which dripped with rain, making a substantial puddle on the floor.  The innkeeper stood behind him, towel in hand and a severe frown on his face.  “I’m afraid I was correct about the wagon.  There is a crack in the wheel.  Given the state of these roads, I don’t think it will make it another day.  We’ll have to leave it here until it can be repaired.  We need to decide what we’re taking with us and what we’re leaving behind.  They’re unloading the wagon now.  I need your guidance on what to bring so we can get it transferred to the top of the coach.”
“By the Order,” Ipid cursed, “we’ve already lost a day to the Order-cursed rain, now this.”  He growled in frustration and pounded his hands onto the polished table.  He looked at the pages spread before him and sighed.  “I guess there’s no helping it.  Let’s get it done quickly, so I can get back to this before we burn them out of oil.”  Ipid stood and marched toward the door.  As he departed, he turned.  “Dasen, you should get to bed.  We will arrive in Randor’s Pass tomorrow.  You’ll want to be fresh when you meet Tethina.”
Dasen grunted.  It was about as much as he allowed his father these days.  But as soon as Ipid was out the door, he lurched for his father’s satchel, flung it open, and rifled through his papers.  His father had received a letter from Randor’s Pass when they arrived in Wildern.  Dasen had, of course, not been able to read it, but it was of great interest to Ipid.  What’s more, Dasen knew exactly where it was located in his father’s bag.  Unfortunately, his father never let the satchel out of his sight, until now. 
“What are you doing?” Rynn whispered.  “Your father is going to skin you.”
“I have to read this letter,” Dasen announced as he pulled it triumphantly from the bag.  He unfolded it and immediately started reading the flowing script.  Rynn joined him, looking over his shoulder.  Dasen quickly realized that the letter was not in Tethina’s hand or voice – this was not the writing of a young woman and was about rather than by her.  A glance at the bottom showed the mark of Tethina’s aunt and a notation from the local counselor stating that he had done the dictation.
He returned to reading but was interrupted by Rynn’s gasp.  “No!” he exclaimed.  “She didn’t.  By the Order, this is going to be legendary.”
“What?” Dasen desperately scanned the words, now unable to focus on any of them.  
“Just read,” Rynn suggested through the hand covering his mouth.  Dasen had never seen his friend so scandalized, and that was profound.
Dasen took a deep breath and forced his mind to focus on the words before him.  He scanned past the opening pleasantries to where the letter was, for some reason, discussing the recently completed district games.  Dasen realized he had missed something and went back.  As she promised, Tethina competed in the games today, the letter said.  Dasen read it again.  Shook his head and read one more time.  He looked at Rynn.
“Keep reading,” his friend chuckled, “it gets better.”
I’m sure you won’t be surprised to learn that she won five first place coins, the letter continued.  I didn’t get a chance to ask which ones, but she was very pleased with herself.  Unfortunately, it appears that the village boys are extremely upset.  I think they have finally had enough of her.  I am concerned that they may really hurt her this time, so the ceremony becomes all the more necessary.  Dasen stopped.  His mind could not even process what he was reading.  How was it possible that a girl had competed in the district games, much less won against boys?  He assumed he must have misunderstood.  He read the paragraph again but could think of no other way to interpret it.
“Keep reading,” Rynn insisted when he saw that Dasen had stopped.  He was literally hopping with anticipation.  “Either this is the best joke ever or the Order has it out for you in the worst possible way.”
Head spinning, Dasen read.  Having covered the games, Milne mentioned a long overdue talk, in which she had told Tethina about the proposed joining.  Tethina’s apparent reaction brought Dasen to another stop.  “She ran off into the forest?” he read out loud, questioning each statement.  “I don’t expect to see her for a few days?  I have no concerns about her taking care of herself?  I am confident that she will return ready for her new life?”  He looked up at Rynn.  “What is that supposed to mean?”
“Dasen,” Rynn turned serious, “you say you knew this Tethina as a child.”  Dasen nodded dumbly.  “Are you certain that she was a girl?  Are you sure that your father has not promised you to another man?”  Dasen swatted at his friend, but he just backed away and continued, “And one much more manly than you.  How many first place coins have you won?”  Dasen refused to answer.  “Oh, yeah, the exact same number as me, none.  You’ve never even competed.  And spending several days in some forest.  You wouldn’t last fifteen minutes without cobbled streets and food carts.  I mean you can barely manage in provincial inns.”
Ignoring his friend, Dasen read the rest of the letter.  It gave measurements for Teth, which were meaningless to Dasen, though they seemed surprisingly similar to his own.  There was a wish for safe travels and a few other pleasantries, but that was it.  Dasen sat back in shock.  His mind spun but could not come to terms with what he had just read.  In all his thinking on Tethina, this was not something he had ever come close to considering.
Rynn, for his part, snatched the letter from Dasen’s limp fingers and read it again.  “Can I make a copy of this?  It is absolutely the most deliciously scandalous thing I have ever read.”
“You may not!” Ipid shouted.  He stormed into the room and tore the letter from Rynn’s fingers.  “That is my letter.  From my satchel.  How dare you?”
For once in his life, Rynn had the good sense to not smile.  He retreated to put one of the four round tables between himself and his accuser.  He stammered, at a rare loss for words.
“I took it from your bag,” Dasen admitted, “and I’m glad I did.  Is this what you’ve been hiding from me?  That you’re forcing me to join some freakish he-woman?  When were you planning to tell me?  When she ran off to kill us a boar for our wedding feast?”
“Enough!” Ipid roared.  “You will not speak of Tethina that way!  You don’t know anything.  You’ve read one letter, and it wasn’t even from her.”
“Then let me read her letters, though I didn’t see much room for confusion in that.”
“That’s why I didn’t want you to read it!  What it says is true, but you are jumping to the wrong conclusions.  Tethina is strong and independent, but she’s not some freak.  She’s a young woman who’s had an Order-cursed hard life.”
“So you’ve decided to strap her to me.  I’m the one who has to teach manners to the wild woman of the west.  Do you have any idea the scandal it will create if this news reaches Liandrin?”  Dasen paused for a moment in shock.  “How could this not travel?  A girl competes in the district games and wins five first place coins.  That will spread across the world like an old Imperial decree.  By the Order, what if they attach it to Tethina?  What if they realize it’s the same girl?”
“Now, Dasen.”  Ipid tried to calm his son.  “It will blow over like these things always do.  I thought you’d be proud of her.”
“Blow over!  Proud!  I will be a laughing stock!  I won’t be able to walk into a room without it erupting into whispers at best, outright jeers at worst.  It will be impossible.  And Tethina, she will be a constant source of ridicule.  It will be ten times worse for her.  No girl will speak with her.  The boys will taunt her.  The counselors will deride her.  Where did you think this would go?”
“I think you are blowing this entirely out of proportion,” Ipid stuffed the letter into his bag, obviously done with the discussion.  “So she competed in the games.  People will have some fun with it, then it will be over.  I always thought you were a better man than to worry about what others thought of you.  That you stood up for your friends.”  Ipid made a point of looking toward Rynn as he spoke the last.  “Now I think we should forget about this and get some sleep.  It will be a long day tomorrow, especially if this rain continues.”  With that, Ipid gathered his remaining papers, buckled them into his satchel, gave Dasen and Rynn each a disapproving look, then stomped up the stairs to his room.
Dasen collapsed into a chair and dropped his head to the polished planks.  Images of a muscle-bound man clad in leathers with a woman’s face flashed before his eyes.  He tried to imagine himself even kissing such a creature and couldn’t.  The reactions she would solicit at the university echoed in his ears.  For the first time, he seriously considered running away.  But now he was in the middle of nowhere.  How would he even go?  Hire a horse that he could barely ride?  His father probably had the only coach this side of Thoren.  If he had known this back in Liandrin or even Wildern on Orm that would have been one thing, but now he was stuck.
Seeing his friend’s duress, Rynn placed a hand on his back.  “I’m sorry, Dasen.  I shouldn’t have made such a deal of it.  Your father’s right.  It might be a thing for a week or two, but it will blow over, especially if she’s not like that when you arrive.  I mean, if she shows up and actually looks and acts like a normal girl, people will think it was an exaggeration or even a lie.  It will never hold up.  Just like the rumor that Albin Churler’s mother was a simpleton.  It followed him for a while, but when his parents visited and people saw that she was just plain stupid, it died out.”
“You started that rumor,” Dasen reminded Rynn.
“Which is another advantage you have, the most virulent rumor monger at the university is your best friend.”
“Small consolation that, but I do think you are on the right track.  We do have six months.  By then it will be old news, and if we arrive and Tethina is nothing like the rumor, it will be done.  By the time we reach Liandrin, she needs to seem so demure and delicate that no one will be able to imagine the rumors were true.  I’ll just have to make it very clear that she can’t continue as she has, that it is against the Order.  She hasn’t had a man in her life to guide her, after all.  She probably just needs a strong hand to show her what is proper.”
“See,” Rynn declared.  “I have galloped in to save you yet again.  All I need is a white steed, and I could be a folk hero.”
“I think the horse is the least of your needs, but thank you.  Now that I know what I’m dealing with, I’m going up to my room to put some thought into it.”  Dasen rose and patted Rynn on the shoulder before starting up the stairs.  Somehow, despite finding the match to be worse than his wildest fears, he was relieved to at least know what he was facing.  In the end, Tethina was nothing more than a mistake created by a lack of proper male guidance, but the Order always sought to correct itself.  All he had to do was make Tethina see her proper place, push her strongly back into that place, and the Order would reestablish itself.

#

Ipid pushed the contract away in disgust.  He sat back from the small desk and pulled at the few strands of hair remaining on either side of his scalp.  A cry of frustration rose inside him.  He restrained it with grinding teeth.  How could he have made such a complete mess of every truly important thing in his life?  It was not supposed to be like this.  Kira was supposed to be here to keep him grounded, to keep the ambition from overcoming the man.  That had always been her role.  When he got ahead of himself, spent too much time dreaming and planning, she always brought him back, reminded him what was important.  She’d come to him at times like these, when he was so focused on some scheme that he didn’t know his own name, and lift his head forcefully from the paper, remove the pen from his hand, and lead him without a word to the table, to their son playing before the fire, to their bed.  Without her, he had no idea how to separate himself from his ambitions, how to let it go and focus on what is really important, how to relate to the only person that really mattered, his son.
And his friends.  They had trusted him to look after their daughter, and he had abandoned her.  The fire had taken everything from her, and he had done nothing to restore her, had left her with a widowed aunt and disappeared with her only friend.  And now as he tried to bring them together, to complete the only promise he had left, all his mistakes were coming back on him.  Dasen and Tethina were meant to complete each other, and Ipid had driven them so far apart that they were doomed from the start.  How could he possibly think this would work, that Dasen and Tethina, given the lives he had made them lead, would ever fit together again?  But even here, his ambition would not be restrained.  He pushed them together with every ounce of his will no matter how they resisted, no matter the consequences to them.  
Go to him, a voice sounded in his head.  He looked around the small, well-appointed room as if for ghosts.  Talk to him, the voice urged.  
He knew it was right, but still he resisted.  Dasen had every right to hate him, the father who was never there.  Even in the face of tragedy, he had run away, retreated in his work, left his son to be raised by nurses and tutors.  Why should he listen to me now?  How have I earned the right to be heard?  
He needs you, the voice answered.  You can never make up for what was lost, but you can always start again.
Ipid sighed through a sob, felt a tear course down his cheek.  It was the first he had shed since he buried his wife, and he only allowed himself one.  “Thank you, Kira,” he whispered as he rose from his desk, wiped his eyes, and strode through the door.
A minute later, he was standing outside of Dasen’s door.  He could tell from the flickering light at the bottom that he was still awake, but he hesitated, tried to think what he could say.  Finally, he said a small prayer, left it to the Order, and turned the knob.  “Good evening, Dasen.  I was hoping we could have a word.”  Too formal, you fool.  He’s your son. 
“What is it?” Dasen did not turn, did not look up from the book before him.
Ipid felt his anger flare.  How dare the boy treat me that way?  If someone in my employ. . . .  
But he’s not in your employ.  He’s your son, and you’ve been an ass. 
“Dasen, I want to apologize.  I’ve been an ass.”
That got Dasen’s attention.  He turned, jaw falling open when he confirmed it was actually his father in the doorway.
Now what, Ipid thought to himself, but the voice was silent.  “I . . . I should have told you about Tethina.  I should have let you read her letters.  It is unfair of me to make you join someone you don’t even know, and though that is the necessity of the situation, I should have at least given you what I had of her.”  Dasen continued to look at him dumbfounded, so Ipid stumbled on.  “You should also know the whole truth behind this.  Tethina’s aunt is very ill, she is dying.  When she dies, Tethina’s custody will go to her uncle.  He is a drunk and a bastard.  He will most certainly mistreat her then sell her as a bride to the highest bidder.”  Dasen looked appropriately appalled.  “Further, she owns half of Ronigan & Galbridge.  Her father was a full partner.  That stake passed to her and has never been diminished.  When you are joined, you, through Tethina, will officially control half of the company.”
At this revelation, Dasen seemed truly shocked.  “Why . . . why didn’t you tell me this before?”
Ipid sighed.  The truth, the voice reminded.  Ipid lowered his eyes, stared at the planks.  “I didn’t trust you to do what was right for the company.  I wanted you to see how things really worked before you started taking control.  That is why I have been insistent that you apprentice with me, why I wanted you to see those mills.”  
Ipid cleared his throat.  Dasen opened his mouth to speak, the fury clear in his eyes, but Ipid held up a hand and he stopped.  “I am sorry, Dasen.  I have made a shambles of things.  When your mother died, I didn’t know what to do.  I was so heartbroken I could barely stand to look at you for the pain it caused me.  I couldn’t stand to be in Randor’s Pass, to see our house, our things, so I moved us away as fast as I could.  And then I escaped into myself, into my work, and left you alone.  It was a terrible thing to do, and I regret it every day.”  Ipid stopped to clear the lump in his throat.  He saw the tears standing in Dasen’s eyes but somehow did not shed any of his own.  “I can only ask you to forgive me.  I hope you see why I did what I did.  It doesn’t justify it, but maybe it explains it.”
“I think I need some time to myself now,” was all Dasen said.  “I . . . I have a lot to think about.”
Ipid nodded.  What had he expected, his son to race into his arms like a child, to say everything was forgiven?  He turned to go then thought of one last thing.  “As regards Tethina, be patient with her.  You two need each other more than either of you know.  Be her friend, don’t try to change her, just accept her like you would any other friend.  If you can do that, everything else will work itself out.  None of the rest of this will matter.  Trust me on that.”
Dasen stared blankly.  Ipid was not sure if he had heard a word, but something seemed to resonate.  “Good night,” he offered then turned and pulled the door closed behind him.  He returned to his room, collapsed into his bed, and dreamt of his wife for the first time in years.

#

Even after the door closed, Dasen stared at it unsure of what had just happened.  Had his father actually just come into this room and apologized for being “an ass”?  He wiped away the tears that had escaped down his face and tried to understand what he had just heard.  His father admitted to putting his company before his son, to not being able to look at him, to abandoning him.  When he had needed him most, his father had run away.  He had not been too busy, he had willfully abandoned his son.
Dasen tried to put himself in his father’s place but couldn’t.  Wasn’t he supposed to be the adult?  Weren’t adults supposed to be strong for their children?  How could he have done that to him?  How were a bunch of mills, a pile of contracts and money more important than his son?  And on top of that, all the lies about this fool’s errand.  It had nothing to do with fate, with the Order’s plan.  It was all to preserve the only thing he really cared about, Ronigan & Galbridge.  
Dasen rose from his chair, extinguished his lamp, and pulled off his clothes in a huff.  He found the silk nightshirt in his bag, yanked it over his head and sat on the narrow, but well-stuffed, bed.  His frustration came to a boil, and he punched the mattress, teeth grinding.  He knew it was stupid to be jealous of an inanimate object, but he wanted to destroy Ronigan & Galbridge.  And like a spurned lover, he began plotting his revenge.  At that moment, he wanted to join Tethina just to get control of Ipid’s company and tear it apart.  
Lying in his bed beneath a single cotton sheet, he listened to the rain hitting the roof and plotted.  But as his anger faded toward sleep, his thoughts kept returning to Tethina.  “Be her friend,” his father had said.  Dasen had nearly missed it, but now that one comment would not leave him.  He thought about Tethina as a person, about what the letter said about her.  Her aunt had said that the villagers might hurt her.  He could only imagine that they hated her.  He had seen the young men and women of these villages.  They were far more conservative than in the city.  Dresses drug on the ground, necklines nearly to their ears.  Women did not work that he saw, did not do any serving at the inns, did not even venture into the establishments.  How could the Tethina from the letter have emerged from this?  
A girl with no friends, Dasen realized with a yawn.  How else could she so flaunt the rules?  Because she has nothing to lose, no relationships at risk.  And no desire to establish any.  Is she even capable of having a friend?  
His mind grew muddled as he drifted toward sleep, but images of himself alone in the library, aloof and removed from his fellow students, played in his first moments of dream.  Am I any better than Tethina, than my father?  There was something there.  Dasen could almost find it, almost understand what his father was trying to say.  In the morning, he would put it together.  He rolled over and heard the rain taper to a drizzle, tiny patters on his window that carried him to sleep.


Chapter 5


Dasen woke feeling hung over.  Though he had only had a single glass of mediocre wine the night before, his head hurt, his mouth was dry, and he felt wrung out.  He looked at the room’s single small window and saw stark sunlight outlining the lace-fringed curtain.  Surely his father would be desperate to be on his way.  He spun his legs out of the bed and dropped his head into his hands.  He pushed on his eyes in an attempt to dispel the ache behind them before finally rising.  
Outside his door, he found a basin of water and used it to wash his face and chest.  The cool water restored him enough to get his thoughts moving.  Today is the day, he thought.  They should finally reach Randor’s Pass.  He would finally see Tethina.  And then what?  Find a way to turn her into a proper woman, tame her, be her friend, guide her, support her?  His aching head fought with itself and resolved nothing.  
He selected a white cotton shirt from the small trunk at the foot of his bed, unfolded it, and began buttoning it over his underclothes.  The mother-of-pearl buttons slid easily through the carefully stitched holes.  Black linen pants followed.  The pants were tight.  He had added weight on the trip, a slight bulge surrounding his middle.  At the university, he seldom remembered to eat three meals a day and had maintained a slim figure despite an utter lack of physical activity, but on this trip, there had been little to do other than sit and eat.  He buckled the pants with slight difficulty and ran his arms through an embroidered silk vest.  The stitching was a simple pattern of small diamonds done in deep red, black, and silver, but the workmanship was excellent, almost imperceptible stitches and not a one out of place.  Finally, he clasped the sleeves of his shirt together with gold and silver cuff-links in the design of his father’s crest, a gold cross with triangles at each point.  
Dressed, he ran a whale-bone comb through his ear-length brown hair as he watched himself in the small, circular mirror on the wall.  He had a long face, high cheeks, and angular chin.  His ears were too big and stuck out too far.  His nose was long and pinched, and his eyes were a nondescript muddle of colors that did not stand out in any way.  He thought about shaving the paltry growth of stubble along his jaw and upper lip but decided to wait until Randor’s Pass.  One last look only brought a sigh.  What would Tethina think when she saw him?  A bookish, pale, ghost of a man.  A pang of worry ran through him at the thought.  As much as he feared the trouble Tethina would bring, he almost worried more that she would reject him outright.  What if she laughs in my face?  What if she’s the one who’s disappointed?  He took a deep, shaking breath and cast the thoughts from his mind.  Well, she has no more choice than I do. I guess we’ll both just have to learn to live with it.
With that thought, Dasen grabbed the black woolen jacket from the back of the chair and draped it over his arm.  It was already too hot to wear such a thing and would likely be sweltering inside the coach.  The clank of coins from the pocket confirmed that his purse was still there.  He left his other things strewn about the room.  Elton would pack them and bring the trunk down before they departed.  He took a last breath and headed out the door to find some breakfast.
He found his father and Rynn waiting in the backroom of the inn.  They were sitting at one of the four round tables arrayed around a potbellied stove in the middle of the room.  The floor was made of planks, but they had been carefully laid and sanded so that they were smooth with no gaps.  They were also spotless – such a change from the other inns they had visited since leaving Wildern.  The walls were covered with wood paneling.  Carefully milled and stained to draw out the grain of the wood, it gave the room a warm feel.  On one wall hung a rare map of the known world, stretching from the Clouded Range just west of them to the San Cheir Empire and Kiz to the east.  An ornately carved frame held it to the wall at eye-level, presumably so that the wealthy merchants using the room could plan their routes.  Dasen had examined it the previous night, and though there were a few small inaccuracies, it was an impressive and expensive display for a backwoods inn.  
Dasen approached his father’s table.  A plate with the remnants of what appeared to be eggs, sausages, and toast with a thick, red jam sat before him as he wrote a note in the margin of a contract.  Still tucking away the same meal, Rynn barely looked up to acknowledge another person had entered the room.  Despite his emaciated appearance, Rynn regularly ate more than Dasen or Ipid and with such a passion that it was typically the only time he was quiet.
Seeing his son, Ipid looked up from the contract before him.  A genuine smile spread across his round face.  “Good morning, Dasen.  How are you?”  Surprisingly, his question seemed genuine, and his eyes did not return immediately to his papers. 
Dasen was taken back.  Did he really mean what he had said last night?  “I have a bit of a headache,” Dasen admitted cautiously.  He sat at the table, expecting his father’s eyes to bounce back to the contract, but they remained on him.  “I’m sorry to have overslept.  I didn’t realize how much I had missed having a comfortable bed.”  He signaled to a server.  The man literally jumped then disappeared through the door to the kitchen.
“I thought you could use the sleep,” Ipid said.  “The rain has finally stopped, so, hopefully, we’ll have an easier journey today.  It can’t be much worse.”  He chuckled, obviously in a banner mood.  Dasen couldn’t remember the last time he’d shared this many civil, uninterrupted words with his father.  “Oh, would you like some coffee?  It may help your head.”
“They have coffee here?”  Dasen looked around the inn.  It was nice, but that seemed an extravagance too far.
“I brought a bag of beans with us, and they’ve done a reasonable job of brewing them.”
“Coffee would be welcome.”  As it would have been many other mornings, he thought to himself.  He stared at his father, wondering where this affable man had come from and when he would finally turn back into the overbearing bastard he had known for the past twelve years.  “You seem in a fine mood this morning,” he ventured.
“I had a good night’s sleep.”  Ipid smiled.  His eyes searched the room for the server.
At that moment, Elton pushed open the door and approached the table.  “We’re ready when you are, sir.”  He looked down at Dasen and smiled.  “Shall I fetch Dasen’s things?  I think that is all we’re waiting for.”
“Certainly, Elton.  But first could you get the boy some coffee?  I can’t seem to find that server.”
Elton nodded and strode to a small table by the door to the kitchen.  Dasen enjoyed the sight of the huge man handling the delicate silver coffee service and porcelain cups.  A moment later, Dasen had his coffee.  He sipped at it.  The beans had not been ground fine enough and had been over-boiled, but it was better than nothing.  Following Elton to the table was the server with a plate containing three fried eggs, an equal number of round sausages, and a thick slice of toasted bread with butter and jam.  Dasen’s stomach rumbled at the savory smells.  He immediately began cutting the eggs, releasing their yolks to run across his plate.
“Are you excited to see Tethina?” Ipid asked when Elton had departed up the stairs.
Dasen felt a knot form in his stomach that almost kept him from swallowing the bite he was chewing.  No, he wanted to say.  Instead, he changed the subject.  “Do you think we will get there in time to see her today?”
“If the weather holds.  I sent a messenger this morning to secure rooms and let her know we would be arriving, so she should be expecting you.  ”
Dasen took a large bite to spare himself further discussion of Tethina.  His mind still spun thinking about her.  Last night he had been so sure of his path, but his father had thrown it all into doubt with a single phrase, “be her friend.”  He tried to think about how that would work.  What would they even talk about?  How could he ever relate to someone like her?
“I had Elton dig Tethina’s letters from my baggage if you would like to read them.  I will also tell you anything you want to know about her or her inheritance.  Once I finish this contract, I am yours for the rest of the day.”  
Rynn looked up in excitement, but his expression turned to confusion with the mention of inheritance.  “Later,” Dasen told him.  Uncharacteristically, he just shrugged and returned to his toast and eggs.  
Dasen wondered what had happened to his father.  He seemed like an entirely different person this morning, engaged, respectful, forthcoming, pleasant.  Does he think those words last night will turn around twelve years of neglect?  That all will be forgiven and somehow normal between us?  
At least he’s trying, a voice sounded in his mind.  Dasen could not disagree.  Maybe there was still time for a new start.  His thoughts turned to his plans from the previous night.  In the light of the day, they seemed petty.  Could he really destroy his father’s company?  Even if it had taken his father away from him, was he really capable of that much spite?  Especially, if his father really wanted a new start?  
Cautiously, Dasen decided to see where this would lead, if his father was really willing to back his words with actions.  “Thank you,” he replied.  “I would like that.  I have spent so much time trying to construct Tethina in my mind.  It will be good to finally have something to build on.”
Ipid smiled and nodded, but there was sadness behind it, disappointment maybe.  “Eat your breakfast while I finish this contract.  It is almost done.  We will have plenty of time to talk during our journey.”  Ipid returned to his notations.  Dasen speared a sausage but did not taste it for the anticipation that rose inside him.  Finally, he would learn something substantial about Tethina, would get a full picture of the challenge he faced, and could start planning to overcome it.

#

Three hours later, Dasen finished the last of Tethina’s letters.  There had been over a hundred of them.  It appeared that she had written Ipid almost monthly for the last twelve years.  Ipid had kept them in a book box made of heavily polished walnut with a magnificently inlaid cherry-wood rose.  The older pages had yellowed with age, but the ink remained dark, unsullied.  The pages had been folded for delivery, but the creases had been carefully pressed out so that the paper would not wear along them.  It was clear that Ipid treasured these letters.  Some of the earliest were little more than childish pictures with a few poorly constructed and spelled words or phrases, but as they progressed their length and detail also grew.  
As Ipid had said, she had a clear, strong hand and was an effective, if inelegant, writer.  Still, the letters did nothing to quell Dasen’s fears.  If anything, they had confirmed and expounded them.  The letters made clear that Tethina was a rebel.  She had no friends in the village.  The adults chastised her, held her up as a poor example, or simply ignored her.  As a result, the other children bullied her with impunity.  They teased her, called her names, sought to humiliate her.  And she responded in the most overt and even violent ways.  She had (proudly) dealt out many a bruise, welt, even broken bone.  The worst assaults had resulted in days and days transcribing The Book of Valatarian for the local counselor, a man she clearly hated.  And with each altercation, each punishment, Tethina had retreated farther and farther into herself and the forest she loved.  As the letters progressed, she wrote more and more about her hunting trips, the game she had killed, the rare herbs she had gathered, the hidden corners of the uninhabited forest she had explored, the days and nights she had spent alone with the trees.  Then came the district games.  She had prepared herself for them for months, had clearly meant it as the penultimate thumb-to-the-nose for the villagers who had made her life so miserable.  Obviously, she had succeeded, but had she really won?
Dasen sat back and put the final letter onto the stack next to him.  It was strange for the seat to be empty, but Ipid had exiled Rynn to the driver’s bench when he would not stop reading the letters over Dasen’s shoulder with a series of gasps, snorts, and excoriating comments.  His voice still drifted into the box from the front where he was regaling the driver, Esso, a boisterous man, whom Ipid had hired for this trip.  They seemed to be enjoying themselves as the guffaws were frequent and loud.  To be honest, Dasen was glad that his friend was not with him.  He needed time alone to think about it all, and Rynn’s running commentary was not likely to be helpful.
He stared at the polished wood that defined the roof of the coach, traced the patterns in the grain of each board, watched the copper lamp bounce on its chain.  He felt the coach shaking beneath him.  The road was obviously rough and not improved by the days of rain, but the heavy springs that held each wheel absorbed most of the bumps, and he had grown so used to the feel of the road that he barely noticed it now.  His eyes moved down to the open window at his side.  The heavy, satin curtain had been roped back to allow in the air and sunlight.  The benefit of the rain was that there was no dust blowing in with the warm breeze.  The downside was that it made the hot air sticky and heavy.  Dasen had stripped off his vest and undone two of his shirt buttons, but sweat soaked his head and his back was damp against the cushion behind him.  
Outside the window were trees.  For days now, nothing but trees so dense that he could not see more than a few paces beyond the road.  Having spent most of his life in cities surrounded by vast plains, he had never conceived that a forest could be this large or dense.  The trees looked most like great walls passing on either side of them.  How had Tethina ever managed to live in something like that?  How could she even walk through the tangle of branches?
“So what do you think?” Ipid asked, drawing Dasen from his thoughts.  As he had promised, he had not done any work that morning.  He sat, watching Dasen, handing him new letters when he finished each.  He answered questions when asked, but did not offer any other comments.  Now he looked decidedly uncertain, like he was trying to catch a mouse and was not sure which way it would run.
Dasen thought about Tethina, realized that what he felt most was sympathy.  She had been allowed to follow this impossible path, and no one had pulled her back.  No one had the courage to tell her no.  Then it became a downward spiral.  Her denial of the Order made her a pariah in the village, which only led her to rebel further.  Now, he wondered if she could ever be saved or if she was too far gone for even the Order to reclaim.  And that was what she clearly needed.  As long as she defied the Order, she would continue to create conflict in her community and herself.  Dasen could not think of a clearer example of why conformity to the Order was so important, of what happened when individuals were allowed to defy the Order.  It only confirmed that what Tethina needed most was someone to bring her back, to show her her proper place.  That is what a friend would do.  “Why didn’t you ever stop her?” he finally asked, feeling real disappointment in his father.  “You were her guardian.  It was your role to provide her guidance in the Order.  It was your responsibility to keep this from happening.”
Ipid flinched but, to Dasen’s surprise, did not seem offended by the question.  “What is it that you think happened?”
“She has obviously drifted far from the Order.  She has created a turmoil all around her.  This is exactly what counselors mean when they speak of the effects of not following the Order.  It hurts not only the individual but the entire community, creates strife and discord.  It should never have been allowed to go this far.”
Ipid let out a long, slow breath.  “I’m sorry that you feel that way.  I see things differently.  I see a girl who had lost everything.  I see a forest that helped her heal when nothing else could.  It became the friend she needed, her safe harbor.”  Ipid paused and thought.  “Certainly you are right that I failed her.  But in the same way I failed you, not in this.  It was not by allowing her to find and embrace the thing that could heal her.  If I had taken that away from her, you can be sure the outcome would have been much worse.”
Dasen opened his mouth to respond.  What his father said may have been right in those first few months, but to allow it to go on so long, to reach this point had been a mistake.  Now it would be up to him to fix what his father lacked the courage to repair. 
Ipid held up a hand to stop him.  “Read through the letters again,” he advised.  “Pay attention to how she speaks about the forest, about how it makes her feel.  Listen to the pride in her words when she talks about the buck she dropped with a single arrow.  Then tell me you could have taken that away from her.”  He paused, drew another deep breath.  “I know this doesn’t fit with what the counselors have taught you, but please consider that the Order is more complex than we accept it to be, consider that not everyone’s path is the same, that the differences may be good, a part of the plan, part of what the Twins meant when they gave us freewill.”
Dasen sat back.  What his father had just said bordered on sacrilege.  Certainly during the reign of the Empire, it would have been punishable by death.  Even now, the Church taught that freewill was not a gift.  It was, if anything, a curse endowed to humans by Hilaal to spite his brother.  It was each person’s duty to deny their freewill, to rely instead on the ability that Hileil had given them to see the Order and find their place in it.  It was only the Exiles that placed their freewill above the Order, and as legend said, doing so had nearly destroyed the world.  
Before Dasen could think on it further, the small door at the front of the coach clacked open next to his head.  “The drivers wanted me to tell you that Potter’s Place is in sight,” Rynn said.  “I don’t know what that means, but we are approaching a collection of building that could, under certain definitions, be considered a village.  Mind you, it would have to be a very broad definition of both buildings and village. . . .”
“Thank you, Rynn,” Ipid interrupted.  “Please ask the driver to stop.  We’ll have lunch here.”  
A few minutes later, they stopped at a building that was slightly larger than the nearly fifty other dull grey plank structures that made up the town of Potter’s Place.  It was situated in what was little more than a large expanded clearing.  Dense forest stretched to every side with the exception of a thirty foot wall of rock on one side where a half of a hill had inexplicably fallen in ages past.  A few people walked the streets of the town, mostly women and children – the men were at work, cutting and clearing logs to be sent down the White River to one of Ipid’s mills.  
As usual, the women wore long, plain dresses of homespun wool.  They had simple bonnets to cover their heads and restrain the mounds of hair piled on their heads.  They were friendly, smiling pleasantly at the visitors, but did not stop or offer conversation.  Many of the children, however, were not so shy.  They formed a clump a few paces from the carriage and buzzed with excitement, ruddy faces marked with wonder.  The majority were barefoot, dirty feet bouncing excitedly on the dusty road.  Their clothes were made of dull wool, roughly woven and maintained with generous patches.  Their hair was primarily dark and long, girls’ tied in great braids; boys hanging over their shoulders.  They looked as poor as any peasants or beggars Dasen had seen, but their smiles and twittering conversation seemed ignorant to their depravation   
With Ipid’s permission, Elton approached them with a bag of sweets.  At first the children backed away from the mountainous man.  Most of them had never seen a Morg and knew only the tales of their legendary prowess and occasional brutality as Imperial enforces turned mercenaries.  It took Elton reaching into the bag and showing them the sweets to turn the children around.  They eventually approached him cautiously and placed their hands into his bag as if expecting it to be full of spiders then seemed surprised by the paper-wrapped hard candies they found.
Dasen watched this dance as he had at almost every stop they had made on this journey.  Mills, cities, villages, it was always the same.  He wondered how much candy they had given away over the course of the trip.  Where did Elton keep it all?  When every child’s mouth bulged with sweets, Elton smiled at them, patted a few heads and even let some of the braver children pull his impossibly think beard.  The big man had five children of his own in Thoren, though he saw little of them.
“Are you coming, Dasen?” Ipid asked from the door of the two-story structure.  Dasen examined it as he walked toward the door.  The building was made of grey, weathered boards like all the others.  Unlike the buildings in the city that were now built with straight, uniform boards from Ipid’s mills, these planks were uneven, of different widths, and roughly planed.  It appeared that someone had whitewashed them, but it did not seem to have had much effect.  The building had two small windows on each story, a long uncovered porch, and no sign.  Patches of moss clung to the crude shingle roof and only a small stream of smoke rose from the narrow chimney, the only stone aspect of the building.
Inside, there was a single large room.  It was dark and stuffy, smelling of smoke, cooking meat, sour beer, and old sweat.  To one side was a counter surrounded by various sacks of grains, salt, nails, and other essentials.  A scale and simple till marked it as the village store.  On the other side, a row of chickens spun over a low fire.  It was apparent that they had only recently been added to the spit, probably in anticipation of this group’s arrival.  Two rectangular tables led away from the fire, where a boy was just finishing setting out plates, cups, and utensils.  One of the tables had three setting, the other a dozen – though they would not be separated by much, Ipid would not dine with those guards and servants who continued on the trip with them.  
Ipid led the way to the first table and sat at the bench on the side with a single setting.  He motioned for Dasen and Rynn to join him.  A moment later, a nervous looking man approached and spoke to Ipid in a low voice.  Ipid appeared annoyed but did not express it to the innkeeper.  “It will be a while,” he said when the man had gone.  “They didn’t expect us so soon and just put the chickens on the spit.  They don’t even have bread baked yet, so we might as well get comfortable.  I will ask Elton to find one of the bottles of wine we brought.  I doubt they have anything here that would be worth washing a glass.
So they sat for what seemed a long time.  Between them, they finished the wine before their lunch ever arrived.  Dasen could not think of anything to say, and Ipid was no more loquacious, so Rynn filled the gaps.  By the time they had eaten and were ready to go, nearly two hours had passed.  They rose from the table and found the door just as the first crash of thunder sounded.  The rain started a second later, huge drops that increased slowly in number until they fell in sheets.  The early afternoon sky turned black, punctuated only by the streaks of lightning chasing each other across the sky.  Thunder shook the shanty building so that Dasen thought it might collapse.
Ipid cursed and yelled, but there was nothing they could do.  The horses could not pull the coach in a storm like this, and, in any case, the road would be nothing but potholes and mud.  Elton and the guards quickly unhitched the enormous draft horses that pulled the coach and found them places in the village’s only small stable.  The guards tethered their own mounts in the shelter of the trees and posted a few unlucky men to feed and care for them amidst the storm.  
As the storm raged, there was nothing to do but admit that they would have to spend another night away from their destination.  The town of Potter’s Place did not have a proper inn, and there were no rooms to rent.  Ipid arranged for his guards to stay in various homes while he, Dasen, and Rynn slept in the beds of the store owner and his children – they retreated to the floor of their shop but were comforted by Ipid’s payment.
The poor luck seemed to dampen everyone’s spirits, and no one spoke much as they watched the storm.  They tried a game of cards, but no one seemed capable of concentrating on it.  Even Rynn was relatively silent.  Finally, they gave up and retreated early to the dirty straw mattresses where they spent a last fitful night before their journey’s final leg.



Chapter 6


Teth heard footsteps approaching the cottage from her tiny window, which had been thrown open to allow some air to circulate in the sweltering room.  She glanced out and saw a boy break out of the trees and run toward the house.  It was the youngest Mullins boy, no more than ten.  He paused when he saw the house and watched it cautiously.  He panted for a moment then yelled, “Lord Ronigan’s coach just arrived.  He asked me ta tell ya, the young lord’ll be comin’ ta see ya soon.”  The boy stared at the house for a moment, unsure.  Ever since, Milne’s condition had worsened, they were afraid to come near, as if the disease that had been eating her for months was suddenly contagious.
“Thank you, Kerry,” Teth called.  “Your message has been delivered.  Run on home.”  The boy jumped at the disembodied voice then turned and ran back up the trail.  Teth, for her part, tried to force her suddenly pounding heart back down from her throat.  She took a deep breath and clasped her hands to keep them from shaking.  This is it, she told herself.  She watched the edge of the clearing where the path broke from the trees, expecting to see Dasen stride from it at any moment.
“Are you alright, Tethina?” Milne asked around a series of coughs.
“I’m fine.  Just working on this dress,” Teth answered.  “I’ll be down in a minute.”
“Do you want me to put the kettle on for tea?”
“No, I’ll get it.  I just want to finish this line of stitches.”  When there were no other sounds from below, Teth turned to the pile of lace and silk draped across her lap and sighed.  Ipid must have paid a fortune for the dress: pounds of cream-colored silk, yards of delicate handmade lace, a hundred or more freshwater pearls, weeks of embroidery, perfect stitching.  And she had slit it down the back just to get her shoulders in.  Now she was trying to finish pleats down the sides to make it snug across her chest and middle.  Pins stuck from the material to show the line the stitches needed to follow, but they strayed clumsily; the material bunched and gapped around each.  She had no right to be sewing this dress, but no one else had been willing to help.  She had lost most of a day going from house to house nearly begging for assistance, but the pending arrival of the local landlord had sent every woman into a frenzy sewing their own dresses, and not a one could spare Teth anything more than scorn.  “Should have learned to do it yourself instead of running wild. . . .  Never wanted to be a lady before, why should you look like one now? . . .  You’ve no right to join a lord.  Maybe he’ll see that and pick a real woman. . . .  Only after you teach my worthless son to hunt.”  Even more doors simply went unanswered or were slammed immediately in her face.
At first, Teth had been angry.  She had plotted revenge and even started rigging traps around a few houses before she realized the futility of it all.  In a few days, she would be gone, never to see this cursed village again.  She would leave them with their derision, let them think what they wanted.  They weren’t worth her anger any longer.  
But that hadn’t helped her with the alterations, a new everyday dress, or any of a thousand other things she needed.  The village store had sold every scrap of available material in a matter of hours once Ipid’s arrival was known.  None of her other dresses fit any better than that first, and Milne, being a full hand shorter, had nothing to offer.  
Not that she would have had time to make a new dress.  Teth would be lucky if she got the joining dress ready in time.  Milne had helped her plan and pin the alterations, but it was up to Teth to do the sewing – her aunt was simply too weak.  They had split the dress down the back to fit her shoulders then drawn it in to be trim across the chest and middle.  The bodice had required its own tucks at the front as Ipid seemed to consistently overestimate her endowment there.  The existing arms were so tight her hands went to sleep in minutes, so she cut them off and sewed new ones out of a silk shawl that Ipid had given Milne.  The colors and texture did not quite match, but it was passable.  They decided to let the waist be.  It hung awkwardly where it was supposed to rest on her hips, but if they had drawn it up, the bottom, which was meant to drag the ground, wouldn’t have covered her shoes.  To end it all, the slippers that had come with the dress had been several sizes too small, so the dress would have to drag to conceal her blood-stained doe-hide shoes.  
“The Order be damned,” Teth cursed and shoved her thumb into her mouth.  She pulled it out and watched a drop of blood form.  She could almost count the red, swollen dots where she had stuck herself over the course of the past two days.  That’s enough for now, she decided.  
Silently cursing, she set the dress on her bed and ran down the stairs.  She found Milne in her usual position asleep in her chair, each breath a rasp.  Teth could not keep herself from wondering which would be the last.  Careful not to disturb her aunt, she slid the kettle back over the coals of the fire and added a freshly split log to keep them going.  While the water heated, she tidied the room: put away dishes, swept the plank floor, dusted the few scraps of furniture.  The main room, like the house, was small, only a dozen paces in each direction.  A square table with four simple chairs defined one side.  On the other was the fireplace with a round woven rug and two stout chairs facing it.  Against the far wall were a cabinet with dishes and several hooks that held various pots and pans.  At the back of the room was the small storage room that led to the garden.  Milne’s tiny room was behind the steeps stairs, and the shop where she met those seeking her skills as an herbalist was the enclosed porch at the front.
When the room was presentable and the first wisps of steam were rising from the kettle, Teth got down the fine porcelain tea service, another gift from Ipid, and a sealed pot of tea leaves.  She measured a scoop of tea into the pot, thought and added another half.  Then, checking to be sure her aunt still slept, she snuck to the porch and rifled the drawers of her herb chest until she found the one that held the forkleaf petals.  She took two then added another.  She closed the drawer silently and returned to the main room.
“Are you drugging him or poisoning him?” Milne asked before she was through the door.
Teth jumped.  Her heart hammered.  “I thought you were sleeping.  You almost scared the life out of me.”
“So which is it?”  Milne’s head appeared around the chair.  She held the red cloth to her mouth and wheezed.
Teth sagged.  “Forkleaf petals,” she admitted, holding her hand out for her aunt to see.
Milne chuckled.  “I never thought of you as believing such nonsense, but it won’t hurt him, so you’re welcome to try.”
Feeling foolish didn’t stop Teth from dropping the small pink petals in the pot.  Forkleaf petals were rumored to calm men’s hearts, make them desire a settled life, and look on a woman more fondly.  Milne made good money selling the petals that only grew in the higher elevations for a short time each year but privately dismissed their efficacy at every opportunity.  Still, Teth wanted all the help she could get.  She added water to the pot and placed it on a polished wooden tray with two cups.  “Would you like some?” she remembered herself and asked Milne.
“Not with that stuff in it,” Milne made a face.  “Are you going to change your clothes before he arrives?”
Teth looked at herself.  She was wearing her usual short pants and long-sleeved shirt.  Her feet were bare, her hair was a mess, and her breasts were bound with cloth.  “I suppose,” she admitted.  “Not that the dress is much better.”
“It will have to do.  Speaking of which, how is the gown coming?”
“It looks like it was sewn by a sailor on a three-day binge, but it’s almost done.”
“I’m sure no one will notice the dress, my dear.  They will be too busy looking at the beautiful creature wearing it.”
Teth stuck her tongue out at her aunt.
“You best get going,” Milne warned.  “I hear rustling in the trees.  I think your promised has come to call.”
“Curse the Order,” Teth swore.  “Can you stall him while I change?”
“Of course, dear.  Now hurry upstairs.  He’ll be here in a few seconds.”
Teth turned and bounded up the stairs two at a time.  By the time she reached the window of her room, Dasen was too close for her to see.  She cursed silently and searched the room for her only reasonable dress.  Below, she heard Milne greeting Dasen.  Her raspy voice was too soft to make out the words, but Dasen’s was clear.  “It is nice to see you again.  I somehow remember coming here when I was a boy.  You always had the best treats.”  Dasen clearly knew how to reach Milne’s heart, compliment her cooking.
Milne coughed.  Teth flung open the trunk at the end of her bed.  
“Please let me help you to your chair or would your bed be more comfortable?” Dasen asked.  “Of course, you are capable, but what is the purpose of the young but to help the old?”
A mistake there, Teth thought.  Milne hated being reminded that she was old.  
“My father told me that you had been ill.  I was very sorry to hear it and have prayed to the Order that you recover quickly.”
Teth made a face at the overly pious sentiment – if the Order cared, Milne wouldn’t have gotten sick in the first place.  She pulled out the dress and started to remove her clothes.  
“You can’t know that,” Dasen said, aghast.  “The Order is often mysterious, and we can only align ourselves to It and trust that Its goodness will protect us.”
By the Order, Teth thought, am I going to be the first girl to join a counselor?  She unwound the cloth from her chest and pulled the blue dress over her head.  Her shoulders barely made it through the small arm holes.  The material strained until she thought it might split.  It sagged through the middle and only fell to the center of her calves.  With her breast unbound and legs uncovered, she felt absolutely naked.  How can anyone dress like this?  She could not ever imagine being comfortable in such a creation.  
“Is Tethina here?”  Dasen asked.  “I understand.  Certainly I am in no hurry.  We have at least an hour before the sun is down.”
Teth quickly ran a wire brush through her hair, working out the few snags and wishing for the first time that she had a mirror in her room.  She slid in two simple clips to hold the fine strands behind her ears.  There was barely enough there to clip – it would have just reached her eyes without them.  Most women in the village wore their hair in great braids wound upon their heads.  They seldom, if ever, cut it.  Teth could never deal with that but suddenly felt embarrassed by her child’s length crop of hair.  It was even shorter now that Milne had evened it out.  She had said that was better than having it look like it had been cut with a knife by a fire, which was exactly how Teth had last cut it.  
“My studies have been very productive,” Dasen explained.  “I am given a great deal of freedom to follow my own projects and spend most of it studying the order of commerce and labor.  I think Tethina will very much enjoy the university.  It has the first college for study of the matronly side of the Order. . . .  Yes, it is quite revolutionary.”
Finally, she retrieved her shoes from beneath her bed.  They were ragged with blood still staining the leather, but the only others she had here were long, heavy, fur-lined boots that she wore in the winter.  She took a deep breath, felt the heat rising in her face, the sweat forming on her brow and down her back.  Despite the heat, she shivered.  With an uncharacteristic prayer, she opened the door and started down the stairs.  A thousand questions crammed her mind.  As many potential scenarios played out – everything from him running into her arms to running out the door.  After nearly two weeks to think about it, she knew now that Milne had been right, she had to change, but she would never, could never be like other women.  She could not host teas, command servants, lay in bed, belly swollen with a child.  Could he understand that, meet her in the middle, craft his world to fit a misfit like her?
With each step, her apprehension built.  If he chose, Dasen could destroy her, lock her in a house, beat her, rape her, ignore her.  Milne had said to be his friend, to trust him, but it was too big a risk.  She had decided that she would do whatever she must to remain free.  She would try to win Dasen to her side, but if they could not find a common ground by the time the forest ended, she would disappear, return to the forest and cast her lot with the animals and trees.  Once they reached the city, he would have all the power.  If she had not swayed him by then, she never would.  
Her pulse quickened until blood pounded in her ears when she reached the bottom step and saw Dasen.  He rose immediately from his chair and met her eye.  She was struck by how tall he was.  He was probably half-a-head taller than her, and she was as tall as most of the village men.  She was not used to looking up to anyone and found it unnerving, but she held his gaze. 
“Tethina,” he started cautiously.  Blood rose in his face.  “It . . . it is good to see you again.”  He bowed slightly then approached.  “I . . . I am sorry it has been so long.  I should have written.  If I had known . . . .”
Teth could not stop herself from laughing.  “If you had known we were going to be joined?  I think that caught us both by surprise.”  She cast a look at Milne, who only smiled.
“Well,” Dasen sighed.  He now stood a long pace from her and seemed to be wondering what to do next.  He scanned her up and down, trying to keep his expression neutral but failing utterly to hide his bewilderment.  He was obviously surprised but not as much as he could have been.  So how much did he know?  She had always assumed that he knew as much about her as she knew about him, but maybe that was not the case.  So he was either surprised to see the infamous Teth in a dress or surprised to see a normal girl in such a shambles of a dress.  
She decided to end his confusion.  She took a deep breath.  “I don’t know how much you have heard, but I don’t usually wear dresses – they aren’t very practical in the forest – and this is the only one I have that is even close to fitting.”
Dasen gulped.  “I . . . well, I suppose we’ll have to remedy that.”  He looked her up and down again, trying to hide his dismay.  “I am sure we can have something more appropriate made before we arrive in Thoren.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” Teth conceded.  She was not sure what she had wanted him to say, but that had not been it.  She suddenly felt less comfortable in the dress than she ever had.  She brushed by Dasen and walked to the table.  “Can I get you some tea?”
“That would be lovely,” Dasen leapt, obviously relieved to change the subject.  “Milne, will you join us?  I see that only two cups have been laid out.”  
Milne watched Dasen for a long moment then rose and put a hand on each of his arms.  “It is meant for you,” she rasped with a wink.  “I think I’ll lie down for a while.”
“I should leave you then.”  Dasen looked suddenly nervous, as if he were being left alone with a semi-trained bear.
“No, dear,” Milne assured.  “Despite her appearance, Tethina doesn’t actually bite.  You’ll be fine without me.”
That only seemed to increase Dasen’s apprehension.  “I . . . I’m sure, but my concern is . . . .  I mean. . . it is not that she will . . .  I mean shouldn’t she have a chaperone.”
Milne laughed, and Teth could not suppress a snicker.  “First of all,” Milne said, “you are to be joined tomorrow.  Even if anything happened, I doubt anyone would care.  But most important, I do not have any fear that our Tethina cannot take care of herself.”  Dasen’s eyes crept back to Teth, who was standing in her natural position, axe handle straight on the balls of her feet, muscles taught.  He released a long breath and looked suddenly faint.  
“Here is your tea,” Teth offered.  She approached and handed him a cup then turned to help her aunt to her room.  She heard Dasen sip the tea and watched him over her shoulder.  Would the forkleaf petals work?  As the tea hit is tongue, Teth saw his face transform but not as she had hoped.  He winced, pursed his lips, and barely forced his mouth to swallow.  His eyes went to the cup in profound distaste as he worked his tongue in his mouth.
“That is why it doesn’t work,” Milne whispered.  “It tastes terrible.  No man in his right mind would drink enough for it to have any effect.  Your natural charms will have to be enough this time.”  She laughed and patted Teth on the arm.  So it does work! Teth thought, I just have to find a way to mask its taste.
When she returned from her aunt’s room, Dasen’s tea was sitting on the small table between the two chairs.  He eyed it dubiously as if it might bite him.  Teth used his distraction to inspecting him.  Over the past few days, she had constructed an image of Dasen from her distant memory and Ipid’s letters.  To her surprise, he looked almost exactly like she thought he would, like an overdressed counselor who never made it out of his church.  He did not look like he had done a real day’s work in his life, like he had never even seen the sun, like he couldn’t walk fifty paces without being winded.  His clothes were extravagant, perfectly pressed, and, from all appearances, brand new.  He wore heather-grey pants of such a fine weave that Teth could not even see the individual threads.  They were cuffed smartly at the top of his shining black boots and creased all the way up to where they met his slate-grey jacket.  The five onyx buttons running down the jacket were undone, revealing a black vest embroidered with tiny blue, red, and yellow flowers peeking from thin green vines.  Five additional buttons glimmered like rainbows from the vest until they gave way to a shimmering blue silk scarf that had been tied around the top of his crisp white cotton shirt and then tucked into the vest.  
As impressive as that seemed, the clothes did not suit the man.  He looked as out of place as Teth would wearing that joining gown tomorrow.  He pulled absently at the tight collar as sweat ran down his brow and cheek.  The vest was too snug as were the pants.  He shifted from foot to foot as if trying to find a comfortable way to stand in the boots.  Despite his attempts, he lacked the posture to maintain the lines of the suit.  His shoulders slumped, legs sagged, and belly stuck out.  Most of all, his face lacked the command his clothes required.  It was narrow and long, cheeks high and sunken, nose pinched, jaw angular.  His ears stuck out from his narrow head like two handles – Teth suppressed a smile as she remembered grabbing those ears as a girl; how he had screamed.  His neck was long and white as bone as were his hands and face.  His narrow lips were drawn together in contemplation.  His, maybe brown, eyes studied the room with honest interest as if trying to link every object into a larger pattern that he could not quite capture.  None of these characteristics struck Teth as something she saw in men who wore suits like Dasen’s: the governor, Ipid’s assessors, the few other officials who ventured to these distant parts.  All in all, Dasen looked thoughtful, unassuming, and kind, just like the boy she had known so many years before.  But will he accept me as I am?  He could certainly be worse.
“I was so sorry to hear about your aunt,” Dasen started when he saw that she had returned.  “I spoke with Governor Rawlins when we arrived.  He has offered the use of this house on Lake Mithrel for as long as we require.  I am told it is only a few hours away by coach.  We can stay there until. . . . well, until . . .”
Teth felt her emotion rise at the thought of her Aunt’s death.  “Thank you,” she cut Dasen off to spare him from saying what they both dreaded.  “That is very kind of you.”
“I thought we could use the time to prepare you for life in the city.  I brought you a book that may help.”  Dasen turned and picked a slim leather-bound book from the chair where he had been sitting with Milne.  He approached and handed it to her.  She looked at the spine, A Woman’s Place in the Holy Order.  She thumbed through the pages, saw that they had been printed on a press rather than transcribed, something not often seen in Randor’s Pass.  Several phrases had been underlined.  She read one of the first:  

It is well established that women lack the mental capacity to see and understand the Order.  It is thus the purpose of men to be their guides.  Without this guidance, women will quickly loose site of the Order and fall into Chaos.  Thus women must be subservient to men so that the Order can be maintained.   

Teth felt her anger rise with each word but managed somehow to keep it from her face.  Somewhere, Dasen was still speaking, “. . . this can be a guide as you prepare for your new life.  I will be happy to help you.  That is the role of a husband, after all.”
Teth ground her teeth to keep herself from screaming.  So this is how it would be.  Dasen already had his plan to turn her into a proper, subservient little baby machine.  And like any good student, he had a book to show him how.  She finally drew her eyes from the terrible book.  Dasen was smiling, as if her silence were confirmation that she accepted his role over her.  She wanted to slap that smile straight off his face.  But.  She took a deep breath.  Now was not the time.  Wait, she told herself.  You need him right now, but once you’re joined, he’ll be as trapped as you.  Looking at him, she was sure he was too weak and timid to hurt her, but she had no such reservations.  Alone at Lake Mithrel, she could think of several ways to change Dasen’s mind.  If he couldn’t help her, be her friend, then she’d try something else.  She managed a smile, he already looked terrified.  “Thank you for this and your promised assistance.  I am sure it will be very helpful.”
Dasen beamed.  “I am so glad to hear you say that.  I know that you have not had a man to guide you, and do not blame you for that.  I am sure that your life has been hard without that guidance, but once you have found your way back to the Order, you will see how much easier it is to be part of a community, to make friends, and find fulfillment in your life.”
Fulfillment in my life as your slave? she thought but kept smiling and nodding.  Save your anger for a time when you can use it, she told herself.  “I have always struggled with my place in the community,” she cooed.  “I hope that this will be a new start.”  
“I am sure it will.”  Dasen almost grabbed her arms in his excitement.  “And I am sure you will enjoy your time at the university.  I can teach you some things about the matronly side of the Order, but the counselors in the women’s college have dedicated their lives to its study.  Their guidance will be a revelation, I am sure.”
“I have no doubt,” Teth nodded like a dog seeking a scrap of meat.  A bunch of men who’ve never been joined telling me how to be a better woman, I can’t wait for that.
“Of course, I will help you prepare your letter seeking admittance.”
“Could you?  I am so nervous about my writing.”  Perhaps, when I’m through, he’ll use those skills to write a letter telling his father that he has no intentions of returning to the city.  He could buy a cottage in the forest somewhere and live as her slave instead.
“It would be my pleasure.  The letter will have to be worded carefully.”  Oh, very carefully, Teth thought.  “We cannot deceive the di valati regarding your time away from the Order.  We will have to emphasize your lack of guidance, deep regret, and desire to find the Order again.”
“Deep regret,” Teth echoed.
“I am sure that the di valati will find that a compelling reason to approve your study.”  Dasen looked at her, beaming.  The joy on his face was almost infectious, almost.  Teth, for her part, hoped that he was too entranced by her doe eyes to see the smirk that she could not fully banish from her face.
“It appears the sun is falling behind the mountains,” Teth observed.  “We wouldn’t want to defy the Order before we have even been joined.”  She had gotten everything she needed from Dasen and was ready for him to leave.  In the end, he was just like every other boy she had met.  He would never accept her for who she was.  He would try to force her to be something she could never be, insist that she learn her place, follow his rules, be his toy.  Perhaps he would use his intellect rather than his fists, but it was all the same to her.  Well, she had a lot of experience with his type, and Dasen would soon find out what happened when Tethina Galbridge was pushed, she pushed back, hard.
Dasen managed to pull his eyes from her and glance out the window.  Long shadows were indeed creeping over the cottage and surrounding clearing.  The Order dictated that a woman not see any men once the sun set on the night before she was joined.  They likely had another hour before full sunset, but she counted on Dasen not knowing how the mountains made the sun seem to set early.  “You are quite right,” he conceded.  “I have to say that it has been a pleasure speaking with you.  I . . . well, I do not know what I expected, but I am much encouraged by our match.  I hope you feel the same.”
“I certainly do.  Now you should be on your way.  I have much work to do to prepare myself for the ceremony.”
“Please, pass along my thanks to your aunt and my regrets that I was not able to bid her goodbye.”  With that, Dasen found her hand, brought it to his lips, and kissed it gently.  Luckily, he did not see the look of distaste on her face – even though her heart betrayed her by doubling its pace.  He rose, backed away a step, and finished, “I shall look forward to seeing you tomorrow and beginning our journey together.”
“Yes,” Teth managed.  No one had ever had the audacity to kiss her before, even on the hand, and she was surprised that she could still feel where his lips had brushed her.  She cursed herself for acting the girl, but the unwelcome reaction seemed to please Dasen.  He smiled genuinely.  Teth had to admit that it was a nice smile, there was kindness in it, a warmth that no person, beyond her aunt, had shown her in years.  She cursed herself again for her weakness and cast the thought from her mind.  “I will see you tomorrow,” she finished.  “Thank you for coming.”
They smiled dumbly at each other for a few more heartbeats before Dasen turned, nearly stumbled over a chair, and, blushing, made his way out the door.  He looked back one last time before he reached the clearing and waved.  For some reason, Teth was sad to see him leave and almost regretted the way their relationship would have to go.  He seemed to actually like her.  She just wished it was the real Teth that he liked.
“Tethina, what was that about?” Milne’s voice rose as loud as Teth had heard in weeks.  A fit of coughs followed.  Teth took a deep breath and turned resolutely to face her aunt.  On the way to her room, she casually tossed Dasen’s book on to the fire.  
“I know you didn’t mean any of that,” Milne scolded as soon as Teth walked through the door to her room.  She was propped up in her tiny bed with no intent of sleeping.  “So what are you trying to do?  I thought we agreed that you were going to be his friend, to trust him.”  She coughed but held up a hand to show that she was not finished.  “If you’re going to trust him, you have to be honest with him.”
“Did you see that book he brought?” Teth proclaimed defensively.  “He has already decided what my place should be.  He’s no different from Counselor Torpy, except that he’ll be my husband.  He can do a lot more than make me transcribe The Book of Valatarian.”
“I did not see the book,” Milne admitted, “but I met Dasen.  He is just like he was as a boy: considerate, kind, thoughtful.  I promise you that he doesn’t want to hurt you.  But he doesn’t know what to do any more than you do.  So he has read some silly books.  That is what he does.  It is up to you to show him that his books are wrong.  And you can’t do that unless you put down that constant guard of yours.  Let him know you.  Let him see the real Tethina.  Allow him to know and love you like Ipid and I do.  Show him that you are willing to compromise but be honest with him about where the line is.  Do you really think that Ipid or I would allow you to be joined to someone who will not love you.  Surely, it will take time and work, but if you allow it, I know that he will love you, the real you.”
Milne’s words stung like needles.  Teth knew that her aunt was right, but she couldn’t risk it.  It was too much of a leap with a boy she barely knew.  “It is so hard,” she whispered, wiping a tear from her cheek.  “Why does it have to be so hard?”
“Because for some reason that is what the Order has deemed for you.”  Milne held out her arms.  Teth climbed into her bed and laid her head on her aunt’s rattling chest.  “The Order must have great plans for you, because it has tempered you more than any child I have ever seen.” 

#

Dasen walked back toward Randor’s Pass in a much better mood than he had enjoyed on his first trip down the inhuman path.  His initial impression of Tethina had been everything he feared.  She looked like a wild boy crammed into his sister’s dress.  Girls, by his estimation, were supposed to be shapely, plump, and soft.  None of those words would ever be used to describe Tethina.  Everything about her was jagged, slim, and hard.  She was not muscle bound as he had feared but rather lean and sleek, like a deer.  At the same time, she had none of the features that typically defined a woman: no breasts that Dasen could see, narrow hips, hair shorter than his own.  Her face was angular and sharp.  There was no plumpness to her cheeks or the long expanse of her neck.  Her face and arms were as tanned as a peasant working a field, and she did not wear a speck of powder to lighten her complexion or rouge to highlight her cheeks.  Yet, her eyes were sparklingly blue, so alive that Dasen could not help but be drawn into them.  Her lips were full, smile infectious.  And her hair, what there was of it, was fine and of the most intriguing light-auburn color.  Dasen could also not help but admit his excitement at seeing the expanse of shapely leg and thin ankles at the bottom of her ill-fitted dress.  
Somewhere, in the back of his mind, she was also so familiar to him.  He could almost imagine running behind her as a child, rolling in the grass, sleeping in the same bed, talking quietly after the house was dark.  He could not reconcile in his mind how someone so strange could at the same time be so familiar.
Yet most encouraging was how much Tethina seemed to want to change, to find her proper place in the Order.  Dasen had expected that to be a long, slow struggle, but it was clear that she had come to the same conclusion he had, that she could not continue on her current path and needed guidance to change.  They clearly still had work ahead of them, but if her current attitude held, he was confident that they would find their way.
He stumbled on a root, caught himself on a nearby tree, and silently cursed the path.  Couldn’t they at least smooth it out?  He could not wait to be away from these rustic villages without even so much as a proper street.  It was really no wonder that Tethina had turned out as she had.  Living in this backwater, surrounded on all sides by impenetrable forest, as far as a person could reasonably get from real civilization, it was a wonder that the villagers were not all Sylian savages.  Its proximity to the White River, which could carry logs all the way to Thoren, made Randor’s Pass the most populous village in this area, but it was still tiny by Dasen’s standards.  The people he had seen were like those in the other woodland villages they had passed: stocky, rough-looking men built to fell trees and demure women in long dresses with impossibly long braids hidden under their bonnets.  The children were ragged, dirty, and rough but they were also stout, vital, and energetic.  And all of them, men, women, and children, held their head up, had life in their eyes, and determination on their faces.  This was not like the depravity he saw at his father’s mills, the dirty scarecrows working the fields of the plains, or the nodding deference that defined the servants in the noble houses.  
Tripping again, Dasen concentrated on the path and soon emerged in the village.  He was dripping with sweat, his legs were tired from the rough walk, and he was breathing hard.  He stopped to rest and cursed the scuffs on his boots.  They were new, meant for tomorrow’s ceremony, and horribly uncomfortable, but he had wanted to make an impression on Tethina.  Now he would have to ask Elton to polish them again.  He hated making the big man do such menial work, but he was the only servant who had completed the trip.
Recovered, he examined the gabble topped houses before him.  They looked remarkably like those in the other villages they had passed: overlapping grey planks, small windows with stout shutters, moss speckled wood shingles, small stone chimneys.  They stood in well-spaced rows, the generous garden behind each revealing a bounty of nascent vegetables.  Walking past the first row, he admired the flowers peeking from window boxes, small wild flowers so unlike the roses, irises, and lilies he was used to seeing.  Grass and an occasional plank fence separated the front of one row from the back of the next.  On a few of the porches, women sat sewing, trimming vegetables, or tending to young children.  Others worked the gardens with children at their sides, weeds in hand.  Dasen waved at a cluster who caught his eye.  The youngest child waved back enthusiastically but the others looked past him, almost in disdain.  
Dasen tried not to think about it as he turned onto the town’s one dirt road.  At the east end was the village green, a large field of grass marked by the dozen sheep that trimmed it.  Along its back end, in the shelter of the trees was the village church, a broad structure without any adornment to show its significance in the villager’s lives.  The raised stone dais where the weekly lessons and judgments were conducted in the warmer months stood in the middle of the grass.  In only a few hours, Dasen would be standing there for his joining ceremony.  Despite his new outlook, his pulse quickened and breath caught at the thought.
Turning away from the green, Dasen watched the curving shape of what the villagers called the “old bridge” in the distance.  It was an impressive white stone bridge wide enough for two wagons to pass abreast.  Despite its grandeur, the villagers ignored it – it was common belief that the other side of the river was cursed.  No one seemed to remember when it had been built, but local legend said the bridge had been built by Xionious Valatarian and used to cast the Exiles from the world.  Such literal interpretations of The Book of Valatarian were not commonly accepted these days, and even so, the holy text stated that Valatarian had cast the Exiles out from the rock of Sal Danar, over a thousand miles away.  Dasen guessed that the bridge had simply been built in the early days of the Empire, when many projects were undertaken with no more purpose than some valati’s fevered interpretation of the Order’s will.
Promising himself some time to study the bridge further, Dasen turned into the village inn.  Barring the church, it was the town’s largest structure, standing two full stories and spread across what would have been two or three standard lots.  Inside was as large a common room as Dasen had seen since they left Wildern, but unlike the backroom in Potter’s Place, it was entirely utilitarian.  A dozen long tables defined the space in two rows with stout benches on either side as the only seats.  The plank floor was covered with a layer of sawdust.  The enormous hearth was at one end so that patrons either roasted or froze.  The windows were small and high.  The only other light came from a paltry few candles on each table.  The room was sweltering hot and smelled of stale drink, burnt meat, and sweat.  
Dasen brought his hand to his nose to block the odor and waited for his eyes to adjust to the dim light.  To his surprise, only two of the inn’s tables were occupied.  The one closest to the bar, held the dozen guards who had accompanied them on the trip.  They spoke boisterously, raising cups and laughing, obviously glad to be at their destination.  Sitting alone at the other end of the room as close to an open window as he could get was Rynn.  
He jumped from his seat when he saw Dasen.  The bored expression evaporated from his face, replaced by a knowing grin.  “How did it go?  Did she kill a buck with her bare hands and offer you its heart?”
“Not funny.”  Dasen pulled off his jacket, loosened his scarf, unbuttoned his collar, and sat down across from his friend.  He pulled a pristine white handkerchief from his pocket and mopped his brow.  “By the Order, it’s hot here.  There’s no chance they have ice is there?”
Rynn laughed and showed Dasen his wooden cup.  “Ice?  They don’t even have wine.  I’m drinking some kind of homebrewed mead.  It practically hot and tastes like the inside of a bee’s ass.  I also think I got a splinter in my lip from this thing they call a cup.  Do they realize that not everything needs to be made out of wood?”
“They use what they have.”
“I suppose, but how is a gentile young lord like me supposed to survive here until such time as the other coach is repaired?  In this heat, with nothing to drink but bee piss, I may wither away by the time they find a new axle.”
“It will be good for you.  Just think, you may receive a position in a village like this after you take your vows.  Perhaps, you should spend your time speaking with the counselor, learning how to teach and judge among the common man.”  
Rynn opened his mouth but was at a rare loss for words.  He scanned the common room again and shuddered.  In all likelihood, Rynn’s father would secure him a position as a counselor on his estates.  That was the common strategy of the Liandrin nobility, install a family member as local counselor and guarantee yourself favorable judgments in any disputes.  But Rynn clearly did not like the topic.  He shook off the thought, leaned across the table, and smiled devilishly.  “So, tell me about her.  The wife of my best friend, it is almost like I am joining her as well.”
Dasen caught the eye of the innkeeper and motioned for two more drinks.  Surprisingly, the man just scowled.  “She was definitely different,” Dasen started, unsure how to frame his thoughts.  “She is not unattractive, cute in some ways, but not what you would ever think of as a girl.”  Rynn raised an eyebrow at that.  “I mean, she is definitely a girl, but there isn’t a soft curve on her.  She is not some muscle-bound thug, but she doesn’t have a scrap of fat either.  I don’t know how to describe it, strange, I guess, but not all bad.”
“Sounds like you’re hooked.  Besides, she’ll round out nicely once you get a bun in that oven.  That fills everything out.  Trust me, my brother’s wife was skinny as a sapling until he got a baby in her.  After that, everything rounded out.  My brother was a happy man.”
“We’ll have to wait a while for that.”
“So you’re telling me that you are going to get joined, keep her in your house, teach her to be a proper lady, defend her from her detractors but not enjoy any of the fruits of your labors?  I can’t believe you.  If I could get joined, I don’t even think I’d wait until I got to a bed.  I’d probably lay her down right there on the dais and . . . .”
“I think I get the picture, but I can’t take any chances.  Di Valati Alsance was very clear, if Tethina catches a baby, we’re both out.  There’s no way I can risk that.”
The presence of the innkeeper with their drinks interrupted Dasen.  He set the cups down then waited for Rynn to finish his so that he could take the cup.  Rynn winced but immediately raised the second cup.  “To Tethina.  May she forego her wild ways in every place but your bed.”
“You’re incorrigible.”  Dasen smirked but tapped glasses with his friend and drank.  “By the Order, you weren’t joking.  This is awful.”  Too late, Dasen realized that the innkeeper was lingering behind him.  “Awfully good,” he corrected quickly.  But Rynn’s laugh set off his own, ruining any chance of forgiveness.  The innkeeper scoffed and went to refill the guards’ cups.
A few moments later, as Dasen was contemplating which was worse the mead or Tethina’s tea, the inn’s door flew open with a crash.  Dasen looked up to see a half-dozen young men march through.  They were all solidly built, well shorter than him but with broad shoulders and thick limbs.  They wore crude homespun wool shirts with laces untied to reveal their muscular chests, heavy canvas pants, and leather vests.  One of them carried a big earthenware jug, and they walked with the loose movements of those who have been into their drinks. They stared around the inn as their eyes adjusted.  Then one of them saw Dasen.  He patted the ox of a man who must have been their leader and whispered in his ear.  Finally, with broad smiles, they approached.
Ipid’s guards intercepted them.  “There are plenty of empty tables by the hearth,” their captain, a man named Morgan, advised.  His hand pressed into the shirt of the biggest boy.  He was taller than the villager but gave up at least thirty pounds.  The other guards arrayed automatically around the boys.  None of them carried weapons, but they were all experienced soldiers who could handle themselves with fists as well as swords.  
“It’s too hot ta be by the fire taday,” the villager responded with a smile.  “Besides, I just wanted ta offer the groom a drink.  Shouldn’t someone be sending him off ta his joinin’?  Don’t look like you lot’s gonna do it, so thought we’d help ya out.”  He looked at Dasen with a sly grin and raised his hands innocently.  “Course, you all are welcome ta join us, if ya want.”
Morgan looked back at Dasen.  He felt somewhat embarrassed by the guards’ actions and motioned them away.  “I appreciate your vigilance, Morgan, but I’m sure they mean no harm, and you are right here if we need you.”
“Very well, sir,” Morgan nodded, but he locked eyes with each of the villagers before he finally removed his hand and motioned his fellows back to their table.  
The villagers laughed and took seats around Dasen and Rynn.  “So yir the one’s gonna be tamin’ our wildcat?  Best of luck ta ya,” the biggest man said as he sat next to Dasen.  He smelled of sweat and alcohol and pine.  He clapped Dasen on the back, nearly sending him into the table.  “What’re ya drinkin’ there?  Is that ol’ man Sherbourn’s mead?  That’s fine, but not fir an occasion like this.”  He pointed to one of his fellows.  “Jeb, get us some cups.”  A boy a few years younger than the others – they were all near Dasen’s age – stumbled to his feet and returned a moment later with his hands full of cups.
“My name’s Pete.  This is Ben, Terl, Sam, Jeb, and Reg.”  The big villager introduced his fellows as he poured a generous splash of clear liquid from his jug into each cup.
Dasen examined the young men.  Were these the boys that Tethina had beat in the races?  If so, it was an even more impressive feat.  He eyed the cup before him.  “I am Dasen,” he offered his hand to Pete, “and this is Rynn.  It appears you already know who we are and why we’re here.”
“You could say that,” Pete confirmed.  He clasped Dasen’s hand in his great paw and crushed it.  Dasen tried not to flinch, but obviously failed as Pete broke into a laugh.  He was missing a few teeth, but the alcohol on his breath was sweet not sour.
“Sorry ‘bout that,” he chuckled, “Us loggers got strong ‘ands.”  He held his hand up.  It was as big as a plate with thick, sturdy fingers and heavy callouses.  “Heavin’ axes and pullin’ saws’ll do that.  Now, let’s drink.”  He held up his cup and motioned to Dasen to do the same.  “Ta tamin’ wildcats!” Pete declared.  He bashed his cup into Dasen’s then slammed down the contents like water.  Throwing caution to the wind, Dasen did the same.  The liquor hit the back of his throat like fire, but he choked it down more easily than he expected and felt it warm his insides all the way down.  To his surprise, the liquor was good.  It burned his mouth and throat but left a lingering taste of herbs and berries, none of which he could clearly place.
“Ya like that?” Pete asked.  “It’s yir da’s recipe.  He called it wilderness wine, an’ they still make it at his ol’ shop.  Prob’ly the best thing he ever did fir this town.”
Dasen looked at his glass, smacked his lips, the spared a glance at Rynn.  He obviously approved as well.  
“I’m sorry ta say this jugs ‘bout done,” Pete said.  “And we don’ git paid till First Day.  Tis terr’ble manners, I know, but if ya had a coin, Jeb could get us another’n before they close up down at the shop.”
Rynn beat Dasen to an answer.  “By all means,” he declared pulling a full silver mark from the pocket of his vest.  “I should be hosting this party.  I’ll gladly buy the refreshments, especially if they’re of this quality.”
Jeb snatched the coin with a longing look then caught Pete’s eye before running from the inn.  While he was gone, Pete poured the remainder of his jug into Dasen, Rynn, and his own cup.  “Thank ya, sir,” he saluted Rynn, “yir a real gentleman.”  They drank.  Dasen felt his stomach warm, his vision blur, and his face begin to tingle.  He had not had anything to eat since they arrived in town hours ago, and the alcohol was going straight to his head.
“So, Dasen,” Pete said.  He placed a hand on his shoulder and lowered his voice.  “Can I give ya’ some advice ‘bout our lil Tethina?”
Something told Dasen that this was not a good idea, but he felt himself nodding.  “You’ve known her far longer than I.”
“Hmmm,” Pete grinned.  “Sure ‘nough I have.”  He looked at his friends.  They nodded, wolfish smiles appearing on their faces.  “You’ll soon see, she’s no proper lady, ‘bout as far from it as ya can git.”
“I know of her past, but I just saw her, and I think she wants to change.  I think she realizes the mistakes she has made here and regrets them.”
That seemed to set Pete back.  “I’m glad ta hear that.  But you’ll firgive me bein’ wary.  Every one of us has tangled with that cat at some point.  Let me ‘sure ya, the counselor, the women round here, all of us, we done everything we could ta tame her, but nothin’ takes.  Every once a while she tames down fir a week or two then she’s out running on the far side of the river again.  Some folk say awful things ‘bout what she’s doin’ over there with the animals and all.  Others say its evil spirits she’s with – that’s where Valatarian sent the Exiles, ya know.  But ya won’t hear none of that from us.  Not ‘bout a girl gonna be joined.  And we, ever’ one of us, wish ya the best of luck with ‘er, but we’re thinkin’ if ya ever want ta tame ‘er down, ya got to show ‘er she’s a girl.  Ya know what I mean?”  
Jeb returned with the jug, pulled the cork and filled every glass.  Dasen sipped at the liquor, felt it now sliding easily down his throat.  “That is what I plan to do,” he confirmed.  “I think that is the very problem.  She has not had anyone to show her how to act in a way that is proper.”
Pete grinned.  “I mean you gotta make ‘er be a girl, use ‘er the way the Order intended a man ta use his woman.  That’s the one thing none of us ever been able ta do.  I know it’d be strange, like fuckin’ a boy.”  Pete managed a shudder and his friends cringed.  “But I think she’s got it in ’er head she is a boy.  Only way ta convince ‘er otherwise is ta show ‘er she’s not.  Gettin’ a baby in ‘er’d be even better, but I guess one leads ta the other, aye?”
Pete refilled Dasen’s somehow empty cup.  He looked at it dubiously.  He needed to get some food.  “Unfortunately, I can’t do that,” he said.  “If she catches a baby, I will be kicked out of the university.”  He turned to Rynn, but he was engaged in a boisterous – and lewd – conversation with the other villagers.  Many of them were laughing heartily and pounding the table.
“By the Order, I’d of pounded that filly right there with the books!” one of them yelled.
“It get’s better,” Rynn assured them.  
Dasen’s thoughts were muddled, he felt he should know what they were talking about.  “Rynn,” he called, “could you get that innkeeper to bring us some dinner?  I have barely eaten all day, and this liquor is going straight to my head.”
“Jeb’ll get it fir ya,” Pete assured and motioned to the boy.  Jeb made a face but jumped to obey.  “Now what’s that yir sayin’ about a university?  Why da they care what ya do with yir wife?  Seems counter ta the Order ta me.”
“A baby would be too much of a distraction to our studies . . . .” 
“Ta the Maelstrom with that,” Pete cursed.  “Tellin’ a man he can’t bed his own wife.  Well, there’s ways ta keep ‘er from catchin’ a baby, ya know.  Besides, that girl ain’t never gonna be no lady until ya make ‘er inta one.  Ya can put ‘er in a dress, but she’ll just be a boy in a dress.  She needs ta be treated like the girl she is, and a good fuckin’ is the only way it’s gonna stick.”
On the other side of the table, Rynn had reduced the villagers to a writhing mass of uncontrolled laughter.  He was beaming, drink forgotten as he reveled in finally having a receptive audience.  For his part, Dasen found himself imagining Tethina in ways he had not previously allowed himself.  He could not deny his longing, even for a woman as strange as Tethina.  Could what Pete was saying be true?  He was not thinking clearly, but it seemed logical that sex was an integral part of what defined the roles of men and women.  He allowed his thoughts to go in that direction for the first time and found himself more and more attracted to the idea.  Maybe being shown her place as a woman extended beyond dresses and manners.  And if there were ways to do it such that she wouldn’t catch a baby. . . .
Somewhere Dasen realized that Pete was still speaking in his ear.  “Prob’ly have ta force ‘er,” he was saying and Dasen found himself nodding without hearing the words.  Pete was smiling wide, seemingly sure that he had won Dasen to his side.  Before he could refute what the big man was saying, the innkeeper arrived with plates heaped with greasy stew.  He and a boy brought enough for each of the men then laid out three loaves of dark bread to accompany them.  Dasen looked at the stew with relief.  His head was buzzing and the room had taken on a slow spin.
“I’m glad we could talk,” Pete clapped him on the back again.  “I think our Tethina’s gonna be in good hands.  A strong man’s what she needs.  I hope ya don’t spare anythin’ ta show her that’s what ya are.”
Dasen did not know how to respond to that, so he just said, “Thank you.  I will think about what you said.  Now while we eat, tell me about Tethina.  Did she really win five coins at the district games?”  He found his spoon and shoved a big bite of stew in his mouth.  It was better than he expected, which made it just barely edible.
For a second, Pete looked upset by the question, then his smile returned.  “She did,” he started then laid out Tethina’s exploits in great detail, made it clear how he and the other villagers thought of their ‘wildcat’.  

#

The sun was well below the mountains by the time, Ipid managed to pry himself from Governor Rawlins and make his way through the town.  Hours of conversation on the state of the district, the need for roads, repairs to buildings, and any number of other expenses that were ostensibly the responsibility of the landlord still rang in his ears.  He had agreed to each request with less and less resistance, just wanting to leave.  Why had the insolent man been bothering him with all that now?  He was going to be here for days.  Just now, the thought crossed his mind that the governor was savvier than he gave him credit for being, that he knew exactly what he was doing and it wasn’t all for the benefit of the district – he did seem especially prosperous.  Ipid filed it away for future consideration and returned to the present.
He walked slowly through the village, the pull of nostalgia weighing on his every step.  Elton followed, his lone companion.  At several of the houses, people watched him pass.  The women bowed, men removed their hats, children stared in awe.  He tried to acknowledge them, smile and wave, but it all made him feel sick to his stomach.  Twelve years ago he had been nothing more than the local shopkeeper.  Wasn’t he still that same man?  No, he told himself.  That ended as soon as you bought the lumber rights.  Now you are the lord.  Their lives are in your hands and they know it.  It can never be the way it was.
He had always been somewhat of an outsider here.  His father had sent him to Thoren when he was just a boy.  He had studied there like his father, then apprenticed with a merchant family who ran caravans into the western woods, and only returned to stay when his father died and the shop became his.  Somehow, he had found Kira waiting for him.  They had been joined that next summer, and she proved to be his perfect match.  She was smart, strong, independent, and beautiful.  She was far more than he ever deserved.  
With that thought, he came to the far south-western corner of the village and pulled to a stop at his destination.  There, standing well away from the other buildings, was the only unoccupied house in the growing village.  He had heard that they considered it haunted and could see why.  The roof had caved.  The shutters had fallen away.  The glass windows were broken, leaving leering holes.  The walls were a weather-beaten gray marked green with moss and lichen.  The porch sagged, stairs broken and falling away.  The house did not need ghosts.  It was a ghost.  And beyond it, past an overgrown field of grass, were the charred remnants that he had come to see.  A few black posts still stood, rotting boards clinging to them like starving children.  The scrap pile, more rust now than iron, defined where one of the walls had been with its multitude of sharp angles.  Opposite it, the big stone hearth was clear, as was the anvil.  The mighty stump that held it was charred but too big to have been consumed, even in that fire.  The grass that grew around it was almost tall enough to make it appear that the great metal shape floated above it. 
“Please leave me,” Ipid whispered to Elton without looking back.  He was not sure he could manage any other words.
“I’ll be by the road,” Elton assured.  “You won’t be out of my sight.”  The big man paused but did not withdraw.  “May I say,” he started, his booming voice little more than the rumble of distant thunder, “I would have loved to have met them.  I am sorry.”
“Thank you, Elton.  I am sure they would have loved to meet you as well.”  A big hand came to rest on Ipid’s shoulder.  He heard a low rumbled prayer.  Then he was alone.
Ipid took a few more steps into the sea of grass.  It reached well above his knees.  Bugs swarmed around him.  Mosquitos sought his exposed hands and face, buzzed in his ears, crawled through his thinning hair.  Sweat dripped from his nose, ran down his back.  The collar of his shirt was soaked.  It chaffed his neck.  His jacket weighed heavy on his shoulders.  His belt pinched at his belly where it strained to hold his growing gut.  His feet ached as did his back.  But all these discomforts were outweighed by the ache in his middle, the sensation of his heart breaking all over again.  He was so overcome that he could not even cry, could not feel anything but that numb ache.  Then, as if the strings holding him up had suddenly been cut, he collapsed into the grass.  His knees buckled, and he crumpled into a ball.  The grass hid his shaking.  The whir of insects drowned out his sobs.
When he recovered from that first blow, he sat for what seemed a long time, watched the shadows lengthen, felt the mosquitos draw out his blood, listened to the cicadas whir.  Finally, he found his voice.  “Hello, my love, Burke, Marin.  I have missed you.  You have no idea how much I’ve missed you.”  He stopped, felt his emotions rise, tears replaced the sweat running down his cheeks.  “I have made a mess of things, I’m afraid.  You were always right, Kira, I am hopeless.  I was never meant to do this on my own.  I needed you.  I still do.  I don’t know what to do.  I don’t want to lose them, but I don’t know how to keep them.  I can only seem to push them away.”  From there, he started his story.  He stopped many times, too overcome to continue, but he told it all, every foible, triumph, pyric victory, and they listened.  Somehow, he knew they were listening and that they understood.

#

Ipid could only make out the barest shadows of the burnt out smithy in the distance.  The sun was down.  It was dark despite a rising full moon and the light of a billion stars.  He had forgotten how many stars there were in the sky, had not even bothered to look for years.  He was just sitting now, trying to gather the energy to return, to face his son and the villagers.  It seemed a daunting undertaking.
“I think he wants to be alone,” Elton said from somewhere behind him.  
Ipid turned and looked back toward the road.  Elton was a huge black shadow framed by the light grey of the house behind him.  Standing next to him was a figure nearly as tall as the Morg but only half of Elton’s girth.  He leaned on the Morg in a familiar way and seemed to sway slightly even with that support.  “Let him come,” Ipid said into the darkness.  “I could use some company.”
“Are you certain, sir?  The young master has seen the bottom of a bottle.”
“So did I the night before I was joined, and so did you.”
“Yes, sir,” Elton acknowledge, but he did not let Dasen go immediately.  His voice turned low, his words for Dasen alone.  Ipid could almost see the warning on his face.  Dasen nodded.
Ipid turned back to the ruins.  “Here he is, Kira.  Please help him.  Guide him the way you used to guide me.”  
“Father,” Dasen said as he dropped into the grass next to Ipid.  “I remember this.  I remember watching the fire.  Tethina saw it first.  I was still washing my face, and . . . and I heard her screaming.  I ran out, but it was too late.  I never even saw them go in.”  He paused.  Ipid prayed he would stop, but he drew another breath.  “I think it was harder for Tethina.  She saw them.  She saw the roof collapse, heard them crying out.  I can only imagine that.  It must have been terrible, seeing that and knowing there was nothing she could do.”
“Please, Dasen,” Ipid just barely managed.  “Please, stop.  I . . . That’s enough.  Just sit with me for a while.”
“Sure.”  And though he swayed slightly, Dasen sat, shoulder touching his father’s.
When he had thought through everything Dasen had said, considered the terrible truth of it and recovered enough of his composure to speak, he broke the silence.  “I am glad you came here tonight.  Your mother would have been proud of you.”
Next to him, Ipid heard Dasen sniff hard.  He rubbed at his eyes and nose but did not make a sound, did not respond.  And that was all that was said.  
Eventually, Ipid found the strength to stand.  Dasen joined him, and they walked silently back past the flickering windows to the main street.  But as they left, Ipid was sure he saw a shape moving in the trees beyond the ruins, that he heard another snuffle, a pant, a muffled cry.  He looked toward the trees and silently wished Tethina goodnight.



Chapter 7


The sun poked over the trees with an ominous glint that confirmed Dasen’s suspicion that the forces of nature were colluding against him.  That oppressive midmorning sun had already combined with the considerable moisture left by the recent rain to transform the air into a sweltering stew that sent huge salty beads running down his nose and chin.  The sweat careened off his face and soaked through his crisp white shirt and black woolen jacket until they clung to him.  Now, the blinding light added a painful squint to his already throbbing headache.  
He could not remember having been so hung over as he had been that morning.  He could not even clearly remember how he had gotten into his bed – he had a faint memory of Elton carrying him.  If not for this ceremony, he would surely still be there.  A bath, shave, and hearty breakfast had helped, but his head still throbbed, and he felt decided wrung out.  Now, he had to stand in front of an entire village in a full suit with the sun beating him like a hammer on an anvil.  If not for the nervous energy rushing through him, he would collapse.  Of course, that energy also made his stomach churn like a dairyman’s wife and head swoon in orbits to match the heavens.  He held his hands clenched in front of him, feeling them growing moist as he pressed them together and hoped that no one could see him trembling.  This is really happening, he kept telling himself.  His pending joining had never seemed real until now.  He had contemplated it, dreaded it, planned for it, but now it was really happening.  Despite what he had thought and said the night before, he was terrified.  
He scanned the village green but found no reassurance there, only five hundred sets of eyes staring intently into his.  Overwhelmed, he snapped his gaze back to the dais but still felt those eyes boring into him as if trying to look into his skull.  The collective stares created a steady pressure that he could feel.  To calm himself, he took a long, deep breath that felt like it had been drawn through a wet rag.  
A hand landed on his shoulder.  He jumped then looked back, saw Rynn’s relaxed smile, and tried to match it.  “You look like you’re on your way to the gallows,” Rynn whispered in his ear.  “Granted your life is over, but it will be a lot longer and slower than the noose.”  
Dasen’s scowl only solicited a chuckle.  Somehow, Rynn did not seem to feel the effects of the previous night’s excesses or the morning’s inhuman conditions.  When Dasen had finally stumbled out of the inn, Rynn had been holding drunken court, regaling all who would listen with bawdy stories of life in the Liandrin court.  His audience had been howling.  Rynn had been in heaven.  Dasen could only imagine the stories his friend had told about him.  He scanned the crowd again and found Pete and his gang standing in a knot near the trees.  They were dressed in what had to be their best Teaching Day clothes, ill-fitting suits of poor cloth and worse workmanship.  They laughed among themselves casting frequent looks toward the dais that gave away the subject of their mirth.  Dasen could only groan.  
Then, through the murk of his mind, he began to remember the conversation they’d had.  The villagers had told him many stories.  None of them had been flattering.  They portrayed Tethina as some kind of demon, always seeking to disrupt and destroy, scorning those who would help, bullying the innocent, countermanding the local counselor.  They made clear all the ways she had wronged them and all the injuries they had sustained at her hands.  They did not hide their embarrassment at having a woman compete in the games but claimed it was only her cheating and their discretion that had allowed her to win.  Their hatred of her was plain in every word, every expression.  
Though he was smart enough to know when he was getting one side of a story, it confirmed what he already knew.  Tethina as she was would create nothing but problems.  She was so far from the Order as to have become an engine of chaos.  She would sew it wherever she went and bring Dasen down with her.  It left him convinced that she would have to change, quickly and radically, and that he would have to do whatever was required to bring about that change.
A collective gasp broke Dasen’s contemplation with stunning efficiency.  He felt the muscles in his stomach clench like someone had hit him.  His eyes went to the aisle that had formed in the crowd of villagers.  They provided a kaleidoscope background for the black and ivory figures that were marching slowly between them.  Dasen’s eyes locked on Tethina, but the only thing he could see was layer upon layer of silk and lace.  Covering her face was a lace veil that only hinted at her sharp features with shadows and ripples.  Her body was similarly masked by an immaculate silk gown of creamy white.   Designed to accentuate, the gown had been clumsily altered so that it revealed almost nothing about the woman wearing it.  It sagged where it should billow, billowed where it should conform, and only made Tethina look more out of place than she already was.
What a waste, Dasen thought, as he examined the gown.  Though she had tried to hide it, Dasen could see how the magnificent dress had been butchered then sewn back together with stiches that would make a proper dressmaker weep.  And this after Ipid and thousands of his workers had paid an extraordinary price for it.  Lacking the time to have a proper dress made, they had found one that was waiting for another bride, the daughter of one of the Kingdom’s defunct dukes and largest landowners.  To pry it from her father, Ipid had promised him the exclusive right to provide meal for his mill towns.  Dasen could only imagine how much more the workers would now pay for their bread so that Tethina could mangle a dress like a child using a needle and thread for the first time.  
And Ipid seemed to notice none of it.  He held Tethina’s bare hand – strangely, the only part of her not concealed – and whispered in her ear as they walked.  He was glowing with pride.  Is he completely blind?  Can’t he see the mess he has made of this poor girl?  Dasen tried to keep the dismay from his face as he watched his father escort his bride down the aisle like he was joining her rather than his son.  
Then Dasen noticed something that set him back more than Teth’s mangled dress.  Ipid’s suit was the same as his, shimmering black material of the finest possible Liandrin weave and craftsmanship.  Between the top of the suit and the ivory silk scarf peaked a vest that was so heavily embroidered with precious metals that it shimmered in the morning sun.  He wore no hat as was appropriate in the presence of the Order, and his hair had been slicked across his head to hide his expanse of bald pate.  A jeweled ring shone from each of his hands and his mother-of-pearl buttons created a line of rainbows down the expanse of his jacket.  But in the middle of all that opulence, as out-of-place as a lump of coal in a pile of diamonds, was a polished wooden pendant held around his neck by a simple woven band.  The pendant was in the shape of his crest, or at the time it had been made, the sign that had hung outside his family’s shop.  It was Ipid’s joining pendant, the mark that had symbolically linked him to Dasen’s mother when they were joined.  As far as Dasen knew, his father had not worn it since its twin had been consumed along with the woman wearing it.  But there it was, tan wood almost lost against his ivory scarf.  
Dasen glanced at the box under Rynn’s arm and felt suddenly ashamed of the twin gold and silver pendants it held.  He knew that his father had carved the pendant he wore with his own hands, had sanded, polished, and lacquered it until it shown.  Looking through the crowd, Dasen saw similar pendants on nearly every man and woman, all wood, all hand carved and polished.  How much dedication must have that required?  How much love?  And Dasen, in a fit of juvenile impertinence had not even bothered to purchase the pendant he would give to Tethina.  His father had forced a jeweler to slave for three straight days to complete them, and Dasen had not even come along to place the order.  Tethina had meant that little to him.  It left him feeling cold but also angry.  He now realized what his father was denying him.  He would never feel the love, the sense of rightness that impelled a man to take knife to wood and create something worthy of that love.  His father had felt that.  How could he deny it to his son?  And its reciprocal to Tethina?
 Drawing a deep breath, Dasen turned and accepted Tethina’s hands from his father.  Ipid beamed and patted him on the back before taking his place at the front of the crowd next to Milne, who was the only one sitting.  Dasen stared for a moment at Tethina’s tan hands held in his thin white fingers.  Her grip was strong, the fingers rough and calloused, the skin along the top soft, light brown, and marked with blue veins that stood out over the muscled exterior.  His own were pale white in comparison, thin, and soft.  An observer seeing only their hands would wonder why the boys were captured inside the girls.
Dismayed, he brought his glance to the veil and tried to assemble the shadows there into the semblance he remembered from the previous day, but the only thing that shown clearly through the veil were Tethina’s striking blue eyes.  They shone even brighter today, if possible, through the white as they scanned him up and down then turned to the sound of a clearing throat.   
 Following Tethina’s glance, Dasen found the old counselor standing on the dais before them.  He looked like an ancient bird on his round perch.  Utterly hairless, he was nearly as thin as Rynn and would not have come up to Dasen’s shoulder if not for the dais.  His face and hands were marked by the brown spots and sags of age, but his posture was straight, and he carried himself with an importance that seemed inherent in counselors.  He wore the customary brown robe, but it was well-tended and of a fine weave.  In front of him on a wooden stand was a huge, ornate copy of The Book of Valatarian.  It was open, but he did reference it.
When he had his subjects’ attention, the counselor’s eyes rose to the crowd gathered around him.  He smiled at the villagers and spread his arms wide.  “May you follow in the steps of the Order and find peace in its embrace.”  His voice was clear and strong.  It did not betray any of his obvious age.
“We strive for the harmony of understanding.”  The crowd adroitly declared.  Dasen did not know if he could manage speech, so he remained silent.
“We are arrayed here today to witness the joining of Dasen Ronigan and Tethina Galbridge.  Does this community support their union and believe that it is consistent with the Order?”
“We do.”  The response was less strong but no less unified than the first.
“In that case, I turn to Dasen and Tethina.”  The counselor looked down at the couple and allowed a long stretch of silence to pass.  “Dasen.  Tethina.  Before you commit your lives to one another, it is important that you understand the divine laws of the Holy Order and the mundane ones of this society as they regard your union.”  There was another pause.  Dasen nodded reflexively, which earned him a smile from the counselor.  
“In the beginning, Hileil created the world and laid upon it his laws.  Those laws define nature, life, and everything that is meant to be.  Together we know those laws as the Holy Order.  Yet Hileil gave humans a special gift that was denied all other creatures, the ability to understand.  Humans alone were given the ability to see and understand the delicate tapestry that is the Holy Order.  It was a great gift, but it angered his jealous brother, Hilaal.  To spite his brother, Hilaal created a power counter to the Order and gave humans the freewill to act against the beautiful order his brother had created.  This is our burden: understanding and the freewill to act against that understanding.  Unlike other animals, which are simply an unthinking part of the Order, humans have the ability to choose their actions, the ability to act against Hileil’s divine plan.  
“However, to act against the Order is to create suffering and strife.  Legend tells us that the Lawbreakers brought us to the very edge of destruction with their disdain for the Order.  Only our savior Xionious Valatarian, through his divine clarity was able to guide those who would follow the Order back to its path and through that unity drive chaos from our world.  Though he no longer exists to be our guide, he left us with his laws, and it is up to each of us to follow them, to meld our lives to the Order and thereby achieve harmony with the world.  It is the call of that divine state that brings us here today, for the joining of a man and a woman is central to the Order.”
The counselor paused again before starting into the detailed explanation of the laws that pertained to the joining of a man and woman both from the perspective of the Church and the Unified Kingdoms.  Dasen tried to follow the lesson, but his mind was so shattered by nervous energy and the words came in such an incredible succession of syllables that he could not hope to keep up.  
His eyes drifted to Tethina, studied the profile of her veil, her hands pressed in his, the broad shoulders nearly bursting from the dress, but found nothing to hold his scattered attention.  Soon his thoughts returned to what would follow the ceremony.  What would Tethina expect of him?  He had not thought much about the physical side of their joining until last night – had banned the thought from his mind – but now his mind returned to it again and again.  What if Tethina actually wanted to consummate their relationship?  Could he tell her no?  What if she refused to change, would he take the villagers’ advice, force himself on her?  Beyond the likely impossibility of that effort, the very thought sickened him.  And if she became pregnant as a result?  
As if in answer, he felt a pressure smashing his hand.  Wincing he brought his eyes to Tethina’s.  They were wide with urgency.  She smashed his hands again and only then did Dasen realize that the village green was deathly silent.  The lesson was over.  The counselor had asked Dasen for his vow, and he had completely missed it.  Everyone in the village was waiting.  Tethina looked desperate.  She squeezed his hands until the joints popped and he nearly fell to his knees. 
"I unders. . . ."  His voice cracked, and he stopped to spare himself further embarrassment.  He cleared his throat and repeated, “I understand the laws of the Holy Order and the Unified Kingdoms and will strive to follow them in this union and throughout my life.”  He said the words quickly and made it without a break but felt the temperature rise in his face and knew that he was beet red.
"Understanding the laws as they apply to the Order is one thing, but understanding them as they apply to yourself and your wife is another.”  The counselor paused, and Dasen gathered himself.  “Dasen, do you swear to follow these laws by providing for, protecting, and supporting Tethina and the family you create together?  Will you use your wisdom to guide them in the ways of the Order and ensure that they obey Its divine laws?  With this pledge, you take on responsibility for Tethina and any offspring you produce.  It will be your duty to provide for them and align them with the Order just as you do yourself.  They will be an extension of you, your custody and your responsibility every bit as much as your hand and arm.  Do you accept this responsibility and promise to fulfill it to the best of your abilities?” 
“I do,” Dasen managed.  “I will guide Tethina to the Order.  I accept responsibility for her and our children in all ways under the Order.”  Having finished his pledge, he spared a glance at Tethina and found only ice in her eyes.  Her glare vanished as soon as he met it, but he knew what he had seen.  She was clearly upset, but what had she expected?  That was the oath used in every joining ceremony Dasen had ever attended.  
He contemplated this as Tethina made her oath.  Was he imagining that the words were strained, that the hitch in her voice was caused by more than nerves, that a tear escaped and streaked down her cheek as she spoke of her promise of obey, to be subservient, to dedicate herself to raising children, to supporting Dasen in all his endeavors?  Seeing that tear, Dasen realized how hard this must be for her.  She was swearing away her world and placing herself in his hands completely, into the hands of a man she barely knew, had met only once.  As hard as this was for him, she had far more at stake, was giving up a hundred times as much.
Overcome by that thought, he looked deep into her eyes, squeezed her hands gently, and silently promised that he would remember the trust she was giving him, that he would not abuse that trust.  He would guide her but try to do so gently, patiently, as a friend.  He smiled reassuringly and mouthed, “It will be okay.”  He could not be sure through the heavy veil, but some small part of her seemed to relax in response.



Chapter 8


“What’s that, miss?”
Teth cleared her throat and steadied her voice.  “Have you served Lord Ronigan long?” she asked the big man who walked before her.  She had been introduced to him when Ipid asked him to carry Milne back to their cabin, but she had been too distracted to remember his name.  In his shadow, Teth felt absolutely tiny, and that unnerved her more than she cared to admit.
“I think he’d be sad if he heard you call him ‘Lord’, if you don’t mind me saying.”  The Morg’s voice was cast low as to not disturb the woman sleeping in his big arms.  Milne looked like a kitten resting in his grasp, so tiny and fragile against the giant’s broad chest.  “He thinks of you as his daughter.  Only now has it become official, but he’s thought it for as long as I’ve known him.  Which, to your question, has been from the beginning.  Well, since the beginning of Ronigan & Galbridge.  He hired me to travel with him as he negotiated the first lumber contracts, just a few months after the accident.  It was just me, him, and Paul, his secretary.  I’ve been with him ever since.”
Teth could not help but notice the Morg’s wistful affection.  It seemed out-of-place for such as him.  “So you’ve known Dasen for all this time?” she asked cautiously.
“I have,” the Morg confirmed but offered nothing more.
Teth chewed her lip for a moment and watched the trees pass on either side of them.  Even at their laborious pace, they were not far from the cabin.  This may be her only chance to get another view on her husband before they departed. 
The joining ceremony had told her little.  Dasen had seemed distracted to the point of oblivion.  If not for her reminder, he may have missed his oath altogether.  She had tried to remain strong as she said her own, but the words had cut her like a knife: obey, honor, follow, support, children, home.  By the end her voice was catching and a foolish tear was tracking down her cheek.  The veil that was supposed to hide her face – a custom dating back to the Empire when couples often had no idea who they were joining until the ceremony was complete – had failed to hide her weakness.  Dasen had smiled so kindly then, mouthed something, and looked at her with such compassion.  Normally, she would have sneered at such offers, but, in that moment, it had warmed her, made her rethink all her derision from the day before.
After the counselor sealed their union and Dasen presented her with the pendant that would symbolize their link, he had pulled back her veil and smiled, almost as if he were pleasantly surprised by what he saw.  No man had ever smiled at her that way, and, despite herself, she had felt a fondness for him that she could not shake.  Throughout the next few hours as they had greeted the villagers and partaken of the feast Ipid had ordered for the occasion, they had been too distracted to speak much, but Dasen had been nothing but kind.  He had held her hand, touched her shoulder, caressed her back each time gently, tentatively.  He was patient to a fault with the villagers, imploring that the Order saw him no differently from them.  Then he introduced them to her as if she were from somewhere far away, as if she had not known these people her entire life.  And as he did, the faces of the villagers changed, almost as if she really were new to them, as if they hadn’t already passed judgment and deemed her a pariah.  
When each villager was met, he led her to her seat at the head table, filled a plate for her, and served her as no one ever had.  Meanwhile, Ipid held court with the villagers, each seeking the favor of their master, pleading a case, or begging for some dispensation.  And Dasen’s witness, the thinnest, most exuberant young man Teth had ever met, regaled her with stories about the university that made even her laugh through her trepidation.  When he returned, Dasen implored the band of minstrels that had arrived only that morning to perform while they ate.  The whole time, he watched her.  They shared only the barest of words, only the slightest touch, met eyes rarely, but there was a familiarity that Teth could not dismiss and affection that she could not dispel.  By the time, Milne had fallen asleep in her chair and Ipid was suggesting they be on their way, Teth was almost enjoying herself.
“What . . . what I mean . . . well,” Teth struggled to form a question that would encompass her jumbled thoughts and emotions, that would allow the Morg to confirm or deny what she was feeling, if she could only decide what she was feeling.
The Morg saved her.  He turned, Milne supported effortlessly, held her with his piercing, crystal-blue eyes, and said, “You’ll have to find out about Dasen on your own.  But know this.  Ipid loves you.  He’s made his Order-blessed share of mistakes, but this isn’t one of them.”  Teth’s breath stopped.  She took a step back, overwhelmed by the intensity of the Morg’s stare.  “Come on now,” he continued, “let’s get your aunt in a proper bed.  And I imagine you’d like to be out of that dress.”
Teth only nodded.

#

Feeling infinitely more comfortable, Teth strode back down the path toward Randor’s Pass.  That morning a small trunk had appeared at her aunt’s cabin, containing what the note described as joining gifts.  Piled in it had been a sapphire necklace, gold bracelets and rings, a silver-framed mirror, a crystal vial of disturbingly sweet perfume, a set of hairclips in the shape of mythical flowers, a letter welcoming her and promising a home filled with luxuries and servants when their studies were complete, and most welcome, a dress that came as close as was possible to fitting.  
The Morg had carried the other items back to the village with her single leather bag of underclothes and personal items – she would hide the gifts in the forest once they reached Lake Mithrel; they would be useful if she had to start a new life.  But the dress she wore.  Though the fabric was luxurious silk, it was a simple creation.  Obviously meant for travel, it was tight enough to support her and hug her slim hips but not restricting.  It had only short, loose sleeves and a deep neckline both of which would be scandalous in the village.  It flared slightly but did not waste fabric on pleats or gathers and fell just short of the ground.  Light blue, the fabric was almost the same color as her eyes, and its only adornment were simple white flowers embroidered along the neck and sleeves.  In all it was cooler and more comfortable that Teth ever thought a dress could be.  Other than the long fabric catching on everything she passed, she could almost imagine running through the forest in this dress.
Over the dress, the pendant Dasen had given her at the ceremony bobbed against her breastbone.  The size of a large coin, it was possibly the most extravagant thing she had ever seen, crafted in gold with a myriad of tiny jewels set to display Ipid and, by implication, Dasen’s crest.  Teth had barely hidden her disgust when Dasen’s witness revealed the thing – she chided herself for not remembering his name; he would be a good friend to have in Liandrin.  For all its obvious cost, the pendant clearly meant nothing to Dasen.  He seemed surprised to see it, had probably never touched it.  In comparison to the wooden pendant’s the village men crafted for their wives, to the one Milne had worn even after her husband had died, it looked dead, its sparkling jewels no match for wood lovingly polished.  Even now, the thing felt heavy on her neck, like a loadstone rather than a sign of love and commitment.
Lost in thought, Teth emerged from the trees and found a familiar group waiting for her.  Flashing back to that terrible night two weeks gone, she fell into a crouch.  Her hand moved toward the short knife hidden in the pocket along the dress’ side.   “What do you want?” she hissed.  Her eyes found Pete Magee at the front of a dozen other boys.  His knowing sneer hit Teth harder than even those big fists could manage.  “My husband and father . . . .”
“No need ta start that now,” Pete interrupted.  “We’s just here ta congratulate ya.  Ain’t that right, boys?”  His fellows nodded, wicked, knowing grins spreading.  
What are they on about? Teth wondered.  They looked like a band of foxes that had just raided a chicken coup.  “I appreciate the sentiment,” Teth replied.  Sidestepping to keep all the boys in front her, she made her way past them, hoping to escape to the safety of the green.  She suddenly wished that she had not sent the Morg on ahead.
“We had a talk with yir man last night,” Pete continued.  “I’ll admit it took some convincin’, but he ‘ventually ‘greed that there’d be only one way ta tame ya.”
Feeling her heart suddenly throbbing in her throat, Teth barely managed a response, “What would that be?”  She tried to make her voice defiant, but it came out as a frightened croak.  What had these bastards done?
“Don’t play dumb wit’ us.  We’s know what yir doin’ out there wit’ yir animals, but this time it’ll be a real man givin’ it ta ya.  And I wouldn’t expect ‘im ta be gentle.  Fuck the wildcat out of ya, is what he said he’d do.  Get that flat little belly all swelled up wit’ a pup, keep ya locked ta ‘is bed till ya find yir place, till ya beg ‘im ta treat ya like the proper girl ya should a been all along.”
“You’re lying,” Teth whispered.
“Ya better hope so, hadn’t ya,” Pete locked her eyes and sneered again before turning and disappearing into the crowd of his followers.  With a series of gestures to drive home the full implication of their leader’s words, the other boys followed. 
Teth was left alone on the edge of the village, trembling.  “They’re lying,” she told herself out loud, but that didn’t stop the horrifying images flashing through her mind, the questions, the doubt, the fear.  They’re trying to rattle you.  It’s one of their games.  Dasen wouldn’t even talk to that rabble, let alone take their advice.  She repeated that logic to herself and eventually found the will to continue walking.  This changes nothing, she told herself.  This never happened.  They are lying, you know they are.  This changes nothing.
She waited then walked slowly, trying to gather herself, to dispel her sudden fear.  Finally, she came around the last of the building separating her from the green and saw her nemeses again.  But this time, they formed a clump in front of Ipid’s extravagant coach.  In their center was Dasen.  Pete corked a jug of wilderness wine that they had obviously been passing and handed it to Dasen.  They shared a few conspiratorial words.  Dasen laughed, the big laughs of an old joke shared between long friends, then clasped the big man’s hand and embraced him.  As they hugged like long-lost brothers, Pete whispered in Dasen’s ear, but his eyes never left Teth’s and the victorious smile never wavered from his lips.  



Chapter 9


“Excuse me.  What did you say?”  Dasen had been so absorbed with thoughts of his pending time alone with Tethina that he had barely been listening to his father’s seemingly endless stream of words.  The last few had been enough to penetrate his fog, but he could not believe that he had heard them correctly.
“So that got your attention, did it?” Ipid replied.  “You have been around Rynn too long.  You seem to listen without actually paying the slightest attention.  It is a very bad habit, you know.”
“I’m sorry.  It’s not you.  I can’t focus on anything today.  I can barely keep my own thoughts straight.”
“Hmm,” Ipid mused.  “I suppose I was the same way when your mother and I were joined.  I still don’t remember a thing about the ceremony.  It’s as if I woke from a dream only that night and found out that it was all somehow real.”  He chuckled to himself.  “And that is exactly what I am talking about.  Your mother and I had known each other a long time when we were joined.  We had been counting the days in anticipation rather than anxiety.  We were very much ready for that first night.  Don’t get me wrong.  We were nervous as lambs at a sheering, but we were ready.”  
Of all the things Dasen did not want floating around his scattered thoughts right now, his parents’ joining night was near the top.  He looked at his father, appalled.  
“I know you probably don’t want to hear about that,” Ipid admitted, “but I think it’s important to see the difference.  Now, we have never talked about the things that a man and wife do on their joining night, but I’m sure it’s no mystery to you by now.”
Dasen nearly choked.  He looked at his father with wide eyes then scanned the surrounding buildings to be certain that no one was watching or, worse, listening.  “Father, we . . . we don’t have to talk about this.  I’m not a child.”
“That is what I had guessed.”  Ipid’s voice carried a strange mix of disappointment and relief.  “I have to say I had hoped for better but can’t blame you for partaking in some of the services offered around the university.  When I was a young man, I was drawn into those establishments more times than I care to admit, but I was also well older when I joined your mother.  In any case, I know the desires and pressures that lead to that, but you should not expect Tethina to be like the women you found in those places.”
Dasen pulled up short as he realized what his father was implying.  He stammered as his mind tried to process the revelations that his father had once frequented brothels and that he might have done the same.  In all his time, he had never even realized that there were active brothels near the university much less considered visiting one.  Thinking on it now put some of his fellow students’ comments into context, but he was nowhere near popular enough for those boys to invite him along on their exploits.  As it was, he had never even kissed a girl, much less what his father was suggesting.  
Obviously taking his son’s silence for some kind of confirmation, Ipid sighed and continued, “As I said, Tethina doesn’t have that kind of experience.  As far as I know, she has never even kissed a boy.  She’s not going to know what to do and may not even be ready to give her body to you.  Are you listening to me, Dasen?  This is important.”  Dasen could only stammer and nod.  “Good.  Now I know it is your right as her husband, but not all rights need to be exercised.  Do you follow me?  Just because I have the right to cut down every tree in this forest does not mean that I should.  Sometimes you have to wait until the trees are tall enough, straight enough to be useful.  If you cut them down too soon, you may get some boards but not as many as you could if you waited.  Does this make sense?”
Again Dasen nodded, simply hoping to end the conversation as soon as possible.  They had stopped walking and stood in the empty road.  Every living creature in the village, including the dogs, cats, and mice, were in the village green partaking in the food, drink, and entertainment that had been prepared for the ceremony.  They were in the middle of the village and had as much privacy as if they were lost on the other side of the river.
“Good.  So you will have to judge Tethina.  Even if she says she wants you, even if she asks you to take her, you have to remember that you are responsible for her.  You have to decide when the time is right.  I know you must want to take what is now yours but just like cutting a tree, you will never be able to take that decision back, so be sure it is right.  Do you understand?”
Despite his father’s intentions, the lecture had made Dasen’s thoughts turn uncontrollably toward the very thing his father was urging him to avoid.  The possibility of what would happen when they reached Lake Mithrel simultaneously enthralled and terrified him.  He knew that he and Tethina should wait – what if she caught a baby? – but seeing her in that ill-fitting dress, being with her, touching her – even so innocently – had left him wanting so much more.  He subtly adjusted himself and thanked the Order for the loose pants he now wore.  The tight wool slacks he had worn for the joining ceremony had left him decidedly uncomfortable in that area far more times that day than he cared to admit.  
Ipid cleared his throat and glared – obviously Dasen had not been as subtle as he thought.  “Have I made myself at all clear?” he asked.
“You have,” Dasen finally managed.  He felt the blood rise in his face. 
He drew the breath to continue, but his father exhaled sharply and spoke over him.  “Good.  Then let’s forget all about this.  I don’t want you to think I’m telling you how to run your house.  You are a man now in the eyes of the Order, but advice is one of those things you never value until you’ve wasted it.  Now, let’s get to the coach.  It would be terribly rude to leave Tethina waiting for us.”

#

For the remainder of their walk, Ipid prattled on about the route to Lake Mithrel, respecting the governor’s house, remembering that he was a guest, and a number of other things that seemed obvious.  Through it all, Dasen nodded and agreed without really hearing anything.  As his father had suggested, too much time spent with Rynn had trained him to half-listen while seeming to be fully engaged.  As his father spoke, Dasen stared at the coach they were approaching.  It stood by the road that defined one edge of the village green.  The six draft horses had already been hitched up.  Esso, the driver, circled, checking the wheels, springs, and harnesses.  There was a wobble to his step that Dasen had not seen before, and he wondered how much of the ale that was flowing in the green had made its way down his gullet.  Waiting in front of the coach were six of the guards with their mounts.  They were receiving orders from their captain while looking longingly at the celebration they would be leaving behind.  Finally, on top of the coach was Elton tightening the straps that would hold Dasen’s trunk onto the roof.  Beyond that, there was only the small trunk that Ipid had given to Tethina and a small leather bag that must be Tethina’s – she hadn’t been joking when she said that she didn’t have any proper clothes.
As they approached, the coach suddenly seemed smaller than it ever had.  Though it was, in reality, an enormous beast of a thing – large enough to serve as Ipid’s mobile office – the prospect of sharing that confined space with Tethina for the next few hours was terrifying.  What would they find to talk about?  How would he approach her?  Should he start defining the rules for her new life immediately?  Should he talk about her previous life, clear the air of it so they can move on, or ignore it so as to leave it entirely in the past?  Then when they arrived at the governor’s lodge?  Would Tethina be offended if he didn’t at least try to complete their bond?  Would she skin him if he did?  What of his father’s advice and that of the villagers?  
As if summoned by the thought, Pete Magee and his band, walked out from between two of the village’s last buildings and closed on Dasen and Ipid.  “Your lordship,” Pete said.  He removed his ragged hat and made a small bow.  His fellows followed.
Ipid grunted.  “Enough of that, boys.  I already told you, there are no lords today.  We are all the same, villagers celebrating a joining ceremony.”  He turned to Dasen and lowered his voice.  “I’m going to make sure everything is ready for the trip.  Don’t dally.  Tethina should be here any time.”  He patted Dasen on the arm and walked quickly toward the coach.
With Ipid’s departure, Pete’s deference dissipated.  He replaced his hat and closed on Dasen with hand outstretched.  “We’s just come ta see ya off,” he said.
“That is very thoughtful.”  In respect to his father, Dasen remained friendly.  The last thing he wanted to do was make nice with Pete and his gang, but his father had decreed that morning that they would treat the villagers as their hosts and afford them all the appropriate courtesies.  “It is very kind of you to think of me, but I do not want to take you away from the festivities.”  
“Plenty of time fir that.”  Pete grinned, placed his hand on Dasen’s back, and escorted him toward the coach.  It was only a few hours past noon.  The festivities had been raging since the end of the ceremony, for hours now, but Dasen had no doubt that they would last long into the night, especially since Ipid had declared the next day a holiday for all in his employ.  And the Solstice celebrations was only another day after that.  “Besides we’s got a gift fir ya.”  He looked across his gang for Jeb.  He found the boy running in from the village with a jug in his hands.  Jeb approached quickly then seemed to trip over his own feet.  He lurched forward and crashed into Dasen.  Neither of them were hurt, but liquor sprayed from the jug like a geyser, dousing them both.
Dasen backed away and quickly began blotting his face and jacket.  “Ya clumsy idjot,” Pete scolded.  He cuffed the boy and pulled the jug from his hands.  “Where’s the cork?  Ya can’t give it ta him without a cork.  How’s he s’posed to carry it?”
“Sorry, Pete,” Jeb stammered.  I had ta use an old jug and couldn’t find none of the corks.”
“Well, git over ta the green an’ find one then.”  Pete cuffed the boy again and turned to Dasen.  “I’m sorry ‘bout that.  The lad ain’t got the sense of a stump.  ‘Ere take my handkerchief.”
“It’s alright,” Dasen said.  Most of the liquor had hit his face and was easily wiped away.  His jacket had a damp spot as well, but the clear liquid was not a great threat to the brown linen.  The greatest damage was that the smell of the sweet, herbal liquor permeated him.  
Dabbing at the spot, he walked toward the coach.  Pete prattled on about how much he and his fellows had enjoyed the ceremony and celebration that followed.  He did not mention Tethina except to say how beautiful she looked in the joining dress, “Like a right proper girl all ready ta become a woman.”
By the time they made it to the coach, Jeb was running back with a cork.  He handed it to Pete, who made a show of sealing the bottle.  “I wish we could send ya off wit’ a drink, but wouldn’t look good ta yir lady fir us ta be passin’ a bottle round.  She might start thinkin’ you’s the one that needs tamin’.”  
Dasen could not help but laugh at that.  He accepted the jug from Pete before handing it on to the driver.  “Thank you for your hospitality.  You have made me feel most welcome.”
“Mighty glad ta do it.”  Pete grinned, took Dasen’s hand in his, and pulled him in close.  “Give her an extra one fir us, will ya,” Pete whispered in his ear.  Then he pulled back and slapped Dasen on the back so hard that he nearly lost his balance.  “We’ll leave ya now,” he bellowed, “yir wife won’ be ta happy she sees who yir new drinkin’ buddies are.”
“Thank you again,” Dasen managed as he shook each hand and tried to hide his relief that they were leaving before Tethina’s arrival.  
And none too soon as it turned out.  As Dasen shook hands with the last of the villagers, a shimmer of blue appeared from behind the nearest house.  He looked up and found Tethina striding defiantly across the open space that separated the coach from the village.  She was wearing a magnificent blue silk dress that actually fit her.  The silk shimmered and flowed around her, defining each confident stride with a motion like the sea.  Her fine, auburn hair was pulled back behind her ears and held by blue glass clips.  The hair that hung loose in the back barely made it to the bottom of her head, leaving her impossibly long neck exposed all the way to the top of her chest where a tan triangle was framed on either side by purest white.  The dress itself was the best that could be made in the three short days they spent in Wildern, but the simple style suited Tethina perfectly.  
Dasen felt his pulse rise.  He tried to swallow the lump that had formed in his throat and watched her come.  Eventually, his eyes found their way from her body to her face, and his anticipation withered.  Throughout the day, he and Tethina had seemed to find a certain familiarity, an understanding and trust.  But her tight mouth, stern eyes, and upturned jaw showed none of that now.  What Dasen saw in his wife now was defiance, resolute and unbending.  His mind swam.  He had been so hopeful that they were going down the right track.  Now this.  He sighed.
Tethina cleared the final steps to the coach and looked Dasen up and down as if only seeing him for the first time.  He tried to stand up to that stare, to meet her eyes with the same conviction and confidence she seemed to possess.  Eventually she looked away, turning her scornful eyes to the villagers who had gathered to see the couple off.  She stared at them with disdain until she found Pete Magee and the look turned to purest vitriol.  Her eyes narrowed, mouth tightened, and body nearly shook.  
And everything fell into place.  She had seen him talking with the villagers.  Dasen could only imagine what she must have thought, what that imbecilic exchange must have looked like to her.  And Pete had planned it all.  He was no bumpkin, he had seen a way to get his final revenge and had played Dasen perfectly.  He kicked himself for being made a pawn.  He looked toward Pete and his gang, silently planning his revenge.  But first he’d have to explain everything to Tethina.  As soon as we’re underway, he told himself.  We’ll probably have a good laugh about the whole thing.
“Ah, Tethina,” Ipid nearly shouted, breaking the tension, “you look magnificent.  I am so glad that the dress fits.  I am sorry that we did not have time to commission something more elaborate, but I think this suits you.”
Tethina turned to Ipid.  She looked at the portly man slightly shorter than herself, and her face seemed to take on a hint of sadness.  “Thank you, Ipid,” she said.  “You have been so kind to me through everything.  Your goodwill, support, and understanding were the only gifts I ever needed.  I have never properly appreciated them or thanked you.  I am sorry for that.”  She embraced Ipid then.  He looked surprised but wrapped his thick arms around her slender back.
“You are most welcome, my dear,” he mumbled as he held her.  “I just wish I could have done more.”  They pulled away from each other, but Ipid held her arms.  “Now that you and Dasen are joined, I can provide for you as I always should have.  Remember, I am always here for you.”
“Thank you,” Tethina said again.  She gave Ipid one last small hug then turned to the coach.  She inspected the vehicle quickly then moved toward the steps.  
The driver met her with an outstretched hand, but Dasen waved him away and offered his own hand to help her up the three tall steps.  Tethina looked at the driver then Dasen with the same sour expression.  "I am perfectly capable of getting into a coach.”  Dasen and the driver both stepped back in surprise and watched her climbed into the box with three sure strides.  
Dasen looked back over his shoulder as she climbed and saw Rynn standing behind him with a wide smile.  He turned and held his hand out.  Rynn took it with a snicker.  “You are in so much trouble.”
“I know” was all Dasen could say in response.  “Are you sure you will be alright here in the village?  You could always come with us to Lake Mithrel.  I am sure there are enough rooms.”
“And deny you this time with your bride?  I would never do that to a friend.”  He flashed a sarcastic grin.  “You’ll do fine,” he finally turned serious, “just give her time to get to know you.  Trust me, once she knows you, she’ll realize how lucky she is.  You are a good person, Dasen.  There is no way that she won’t see that.”
Dasen was so shocked by the seriousness of Rynn’s words that he did not know how to respond.  For a few heartbeats, he searched for the sarcasm that must be present, but finding none, he clasped his friend’s hand, pulled him into an embrace, and said, “Thank you for everything.  You have been a true friend.”
Rynn pulled back.  “No need to thank me.  I’m having the time of my life.  These people know how to celebrate.  The drinks are flowing and no one cares if you know how to dance, if the conversation is proper, or if your choice of song has to do with barmaids with expanded services.  Maybe I should be a counselor in a village like this.”
Dasen laughed.  “I don’t think this qualifies as a typical Teaching Day lesson.”
“Well it should.  I’m not sure what anyone would learn about the Order, but they’d definitely have more fun.”
Dasen laughed again then turned to his father.  “You should not leave Tethina waiting,” he warned.  “I will see you in a couple of days for the Solstice, right?”
“Then, or even sooner.  Tethina doesn’t want to be away from her aunt, so we may be back every day.”
“That’s a good thing you’re doing.  I don’t think she has long, and it would be terrible for Tethina if she couldn’t be here at the end.”
Dasen nodded as an uncomfortable silence stretched between them.  “You will be alright here?” he finally asked.
“Certainly, I have work to do in any case.  I should tour the work sites and see how they are organizing the cutting teams.  They are also asking for new roads, tools, and all number of other things.  And the governor’s seeming prosperity needs looking it to.  In all, I could probably spend weeks sorting everything out.  I will have plenty to keep me busy while we wait for the other coach to be repaired.”
Dasen nodded again, but his eyes drifted to the coach where Tethina waited.  “You want to be on your way,” Ipid started again.  “And so you should be.  I am sending half of the guards with you.  The governor assures me that the forest masters have doubled their patrols in the past few weeks and no bandit activity has been reported, but don’t take any chances.  If anything out of the ordinary happens, let the men do their jobs.  Don’t try to manage the situation.  They know what they’re doing.”
“Certainly, father, I am sure we won’t have any issues.  Now I should probably be on my way.”
“Of course, have a good trip and remember what we discussed.”  Ipid gave Dasen a serious look then pulled him into an embrace.  “I am proud of you, son,” he whispered.  “You are doing the right thing.  It may not seem like it now, but you will see.”  
Dasen looked a last time at his father then turned and waved to the crowd.  “Thank you all for your hospitality.  I will always remember the kindness you have shown us on this momentous occasion.  I look forward to seeing you again soon.”  With that and a hand from the driver, he climbed the steps into the coach.



Chapter 10


Inside the coach, Dasen found Tethina sitting in the center of the bench at the back of the compartment.  The look she gave him as he entered told him that he was not invited to sit next to her, so he sat at the front of the coach facing her.  The small table that could be affixed into the middle of the coach had been removed leaving a gaping space between them that seemed like miles.  Dasen settled into his seat, adjusting the cushion at his back, and turned to Tethina.  She stared at him with cold, hard eyes.  Her mouth was a stern line.  One hand clutched the bench beneath her.  The other was hidden in the pocket of her dress.  Her entire body was tense as if preparing for a fight.
Dasen sighed and cursed himself for this turn of events.  He drew a breath to explain it all away but was interrupted by the sound of the window behind him opening.  “We’re ready, sir,” the driver declared.
“Thank you, Esso,” Dasen replied.  He turned to Tethina.  “Are you ready?  Do you need anything?  It will be at least two hours before we reach Lake Mithrel.”
“I’m fine.” 
“We are ready, Esso,” Dasen called through the open slat then pulled it shut.  He turned and waved out the window to his side.  The crowd outside erupted in cheers, salutes, and well-wishes.  Ipid and Rynn waved.  A second later, Esso called to the guards and horses, and with a lurch, the coach began to roll.
Dasen kept his attention focused out the window without really seeing the people then trees rolling past.  He tried to order his thoughts, wondering how to best to explain away Tethina’s misplaced fears.  He turned his attention finally back to her and was caught by the same hard stare.  “Well,” he began but then did not know how to proceed.  He watched Tethina for a moment, examined the way the soft fabric of the dress rested on her thin frame, tried and failed to keep his eyes from the white expanse of skin that led down to her chest, from the tan ankle that peeked out between the dress and her horrifically blood-stained shoes.  
The clearing of her throat brought Dasen’s attention back to her face and what were, if anything, even harder eyes.  “You seem to be upset with me,” he started.  “I think I know why, but it is all a misunderstanding.”
Tethina harrumphed.  Her hand moved in her pocket.  
Dasen drew a breath to continue, but the sound of the driver’s window opening interrupted him again.  Perturbed, he prepared ask what the man wanted but didn’t get the chance.  “Try not to shake the coach too much back there,” the driver bellowed.  “I do 'ave ta keep it on the road."  He erupted into laughter and slammed the window shut.
Dasen’s face brightened, but he could not decide if it was from embarrassment or anger.  The driver was clearly drunk, which was offense enough, but what he had said was far beyond acceptable.  He considered halting then and there to dismiss the man but was not sure if any of the guards could manage the coach.  In any case, he would very soon find himself out of Ipid’s employ and lucky if he could find work driving a dung cart.  
Infuriated, he turned to apologize to Tethina and was caught by a stare that set him back.  Her cold eyes had turned to purest ice.  Her face was chiseled, jaw clenched so her teeth might crack, nostrils flared.  This was an expression of pure hatred surpassing even the one she had given Pete Magee in the village.  The unbridled ferocity took Dasen’s breath away, but that was nothing in comparison to what he saw when his eyes tracked the shimmer of light between them.  There, in Tethina’s outstretched hand, was the blade of a short knife. 
Dasen’s jaw dropped.  He no longer considered his apology.  The only thing he could think about was that knife, and he pushed himself against the wall at his back to maximize the distance between himself and its sparkling point.  He watched that knife for a long time, wondering if it would soon be standing from his chest.  Tethina’s knuckles were white from the force of her grip.  The tip trembled, scribbling erratically in the shadows.  
“What . . . what are you . . . ?”  Dasen tried to speak without ever taking his eyes from the knife.
“Shut up!” Tethina ordered.  “I don’t want to hear your excuses.  Pete and his gang told me exactly what you had planned.  I didn’t want to believe them.  I wanted to think you were different, that Milne and Ipid were right about you, but now I see how it really is.”  She brushed a tear angrily from her eye with her free hand.  That motion cut Dasen almost as surely as the knife.
“I . . . I am,” Dasen tried.  “I mean, I was . . . .”
“I told you to SHUT UP!” Tethina yelled.  The knife leapt forward.  Dasen pressed himself against the wall until he dared not even breathe.  “I won’t be some toy for you.  We won’t be doing anything to make this coach shake, and if you force yourself on me, I will find a time and I will make sure you can never do it again.  Do you understand me?”  Tethina shook the knife.  Dasen could only nod.  
“I wanted this to work,” she continued, emotion creeping into her voice.  “I really did.  I wanted to believe that you could be kind and understanding.  But now I see that you are just another asshole boy, just like the ones back in that Order-cursed village.”
“Tethina, please,” Dasen pleaded.  “Let me explain.”
“Explain what?  How you planned to ‘fuck the wildcat out of me’?  How you planned to ‘chain me to your bed until I begged you to treat me like the proper girl I should have been all along’?  How you planned to rape me right here in your coach while your driver and guards watched?  Were they going to get a turn?”  Tethina’s voice was sharp but tears were coursing down her cheeks.  She brushed them violently away.  The knife shook more erratically, but it did not yield.
“How . . . how could you think that?” Dasen whispered.  “I would never . . . I could not even imagine.  How can you even think me capable of . . . .”
THWACK!  THWACK!  TWHACK!  THWACK! cut Dasen’s words short.  Resonating from the back of the coach, the sound was unmistakable.  The driver bellowed the obvious a second later, “ATTACK!”  The coach leapt forward, nearly sending Dasen from his seat.  
In shock, he grabbed his bench and clung to it for his life.  He looked up and found that Tethina had assumed a similar posture.  Her face had gone white.  All of her concentration was focused on maintaining her seat against the suddenly wild ride.  The knife had been jarred from her hand and was bouncing across the floor like a wild animal.  Her head shot up, face contorted in fear, and she screamed, “What was that?”
“Arrows,” Dasen said with stunned calm.  “We’re under attack.”  It was only the statement coming from his mouth that brought the reality of the situation home.  They were under attack.  Someone had fired arrows at them, and they were now trying to escape.    
The coach hit a rut and leapt into the air, leaving its occupants momentarily weightless then depositing them back hard onto their benches.  The blow was enough to break Dasen’s grip on his seat.  He slid off and crumpled to the floor.  His eye caught the glimmer of the feral knife. It leapt toward him and planted itself in the side of the bench inches from his head.  He gasped and struggled against the shifting coach to find his equilibrium. 
When he managed to get a grip on the bench and pull himself back up, he saw that Tethina was keeping a careful watch out the back window.  She held the frame with white knuckles to maintain her seat.  “Four of your worthless guards just ran off,” she screamed, “but I don’t see anyone following us!”
“The guards are going to hold off pursuit,” Dasen yelled back.  Another bump nearly sent him back to the floor.  “That’s their job.”  
A glance out the shaking window to his left showed trees streaking by in a green blur, nearly touching the sides of the compartment.  Dasen marveled at how Esso was able to keep them on the road, but he did not want to tempt fate any longer than necessary.  Struggling to maintain his seat, he pulled aside the small window to open the infamous line of communication.  “What in the name of the Order is happening, Esso?”  
A rut made the coach shift ominously to its side as Dasen spoke.  He felt two of the wheels lift off of the ground as he slipped down the bench.  It was only his grip on that window that kept him from landing back on the oak floor when the wheels returned to the ground with a bone-rattling thud. 
Esso was obviously having an equally difficult time holding his seat because it was several seconds – it seemed like hours – before he answered.  “An ambush, sir!”  His voice was breathless from the distraction of keeping them on the road.  “Out of nowhere, arrows started ‘ittin’ us.  Jack, Willem, Roger, and James gone back to hold ‘em.  Darryl and Raif rode ahead to clear the way.  I’ll keep us runnin’ till we’re sure the dangers past.  Ya’ll should hang on.  It’s gonna be bumpy.”
As if responding to his words, the coach leapt from the road then slammed back down with a sickening crunch.  Dasen clung to the window and heard Tethina scream behind him.  Esso had tied himself to his bench but was still whiplashed.  His head cracked on the wood behind him then flew forward into his own knee.  His hands went limp, and Dasen watched the reins slip from his fingers.  He drew the breath to yell at the driver, but the words died on his lips, drawn away by something inexplicable.  
In front of them, a black sphere appeared out of nowhere.  At first, Dasen thought the blur was an illusion caused by the rattling of the coach.  He blinked his eyes hard to clear them, but the vision only became stranger as the figure of a man stepped from the middle of the disk.  The man’s appearance was inconceivable in every way, but Dasen somehow did not feel panicked by it.  Rather, he felt an incredible calm rush over him.  It was as if the entire world stopped and came into focus around the man until time itself crept by like a glacier.  He used that calm to study the man, amazed by his ability to see the strange figure despite the shaking of the coach that turned all else into a blur.  The man looked old with a bent back and a wild grey beard.  He wore a black robe with a heavy cowl that cast deep shadows over most of his face, but his smoldering eyes and thin lips were clear through the shadows.  Those lips held a broad smile as he watched the coach close on him, a lunatic welcoming death with delusional glee.
Then Dasen realized that the man was speaking.  He knew that he should not be able to hear the words over the roar of hooves, but they were as clear as an intimate conversation in a quiet room.  Yet the words were not like any that Dasen had ever heard.  Each of them formed in his mind as a strange rune-like shape that did not appear to follow any pattern: twisting, turning, shapeless yet formed, conceivable but utterly indescribable.  The words themselves were nonsense.  They had no uniformity, sequence, or structure.  No sound was anything like the one before, like a hundred languages spoken at once yet none of them properly formed.  
Dasen listened to those words with a strange analytical calm that seemed to stretch for hours.  He did not feel the bumps that threatened to shake the coach apart, could not feel it careening off the road as the horses reacted to the loss of the driver’s hands and the inexplicable appearance before them.  The only things that existed were the runes and the words they evoked.  Each rune formed and faded like a firefly in his mind until the last image slowly died to black and the last chiming of the words grew distant.  With the last rune’s disappearance, his mind crashed back upon him at the same moment a ball of fire appeared in the old man's outstretched hands and raced toward the coach.  
Without thought, Dasen threw himself from the bench and felt fire sweep over him from the small window.  An instant later, he landed unprepared on the floor just as it came up to meet him.  The collision knocked him senseless, nearly snapped his neck, and left him writhing.  That blow was followed by another as the coach careened from the road, spun, toppled, and smashed roof first into a tree.  He was shot like a rock from a sling into the roof then deposited none-too-gently back against the door as the vehicle splintered.
Lying beaten and battered against the door of the upturned coach, Dasen struggled to regain his senses.  There is a fire, he told himself, you need to get out.  But even that plea seemed far away and his body was not listening.  Dots raced before his eyes.  He could not decide which way was up, did not know where his legs were, or if they worked.  Confusion overran him.  The dots formed into a swirling mass of black.  He struggled to hold off that creeping darkness, knew that it was the enemy, but the battle was futile.  His body had already given up, and the darkness was growing stronger, overrunning his defenses.  The last thing he remembered as the void claimed him was the burning heat of a raging fire.


Chapter 11


Dasen was first aware of the ground beneath him.  It was rough, uneven, like lying on a mattress of pinecones, but he did not move to deflect the discomfort.  In his semi-conscious state, such a minor inconvenience could not muster the motivation required for the monumental task of movement.  He was not even certain that he was capable of such effort.  His body felt distant, detached, no longer under his control, but he did not begrudge its absence.  Its innumerable complaints would only delay his return to the magnificent solace of sleep. 
He allowed that sleep to take him and was on the border of oblivion when his journey was arrested by the image of runes playing before his mind’s eye.  He tried to ignore the intrusion, but the images were relentless in their display, so he studied them, wondered what they meant and why they chose now to interrupt him.  The runes were familiar, he realized, but nonetheless incomprehensible.  They were complex but at the same time simple.  They were smooth and flowing, yet jagged and sharp, and they seemed to follow no pattern at all, as if someone had scribbled with no known purpose.  Watching again and again, he began to see a pattern in those scribbles, something that suggested a method to the apparent madness.  He searched for it, concentrated on it, almost had it.
Like an avalanche, memories crashed through his mind: the ambush, the wild ride, and the ball of fire that ended it all.  Those images overran him, crushed him with their weight, and exiled the runes to dark subconscious corners.  
If the memories were not shock enough, his body was simultaneously reattached to his mind, and all the pain in the world hit him in one breathtaking moment.  His head burst, throbbing like it was being hit with a hammer.  His face burned with the fire of the sun.  Every muscle and joint in his body screamed in dreadful sorrow.  The pain was so complete that he could manage nothing more than a sharp inhalation through gnashing teeth – unable even to vocalize the myriad miseries.  
No sooner did the sound slip from his lips then a hand was clenched over his mouth.  He immediately recognized the significance of that restriction, and his eyes shot open, searching for its source.  A hazy blanket of green slowly fragmented into individual leaves, delineated only by the soft light that filtered between them.  The leaves were dark green, thick, and round with the moist appearance of a recent rain.  There was layer after layer of them so that not even a speck of sky showed trough their multitude, yet the sturdy branches sprouting around him like the bars of a birdcage held those leaves high above so that he could sit upright without any touching his head.  
The hand at his mouth came into view, and Dasen followed a long arm up to Tethina’s face.  She was sitting on folded legs, coiled like a taut spring, with her head ducked so that it was just below the first leaves of the bush.  Her eyes watched the foliage expectantly, examining the green shield for gaps.  She was setting so close that her firm thigh was pressed against his side, almost on top of him.  That leg trembled slightly, in sync with the tremors in her hand where it held his mouth.
After an anxious minute, Tethina's face came down to his.  Her cheek rubbed against his, soft and warm.  Her lips stopped so near his ear that he could feel her rapid breath tickling across its surface.  "They’re here.”  The whisper was so soft that he could barely hear the words.  “I’m going to move my hand, but you cannot make a sound.  Understand?"  The words were tightly controlled but laced with desperation.  
Dasen nodded his reply and felt Tethina's cheek retrace its path past his – her skin felt as soft as the silk dress that draped across his hand.  She returned to her perch.  Her hand left his mouth, moving to rest on his chest in what could have been a comforting or restraining gesture.  Dasen took a slow, deep breath.  He did not even consider rising, concentrating instead on staying as still as possible despite his aching body and throbbing head.  
Glad to close his eyes, he reached out with his other senses, searching for anything that might tell him what was happening.  He heard the gentle rustle of the leaves blowing in the breeze.  Then the crackle of a fire.  He smelled the smoke.  The coach burning, he realized.  He wondered how he had escaped that trap and made it to this sanctuary but knew that the answer was as close as the hand on his chest.  
Voices rising above the sound of the flames ended his contemplation.  The voices were distant, but they grew louder until they eclipsed all other sounds.  It was men, and from the volume of their words, they were not concerned with stealth.  Their words were like muted thunder, deep rumbling syllables pounded out in the rhythm of a chant, but Dasen could not understand a single one of them.  He focused on the words, trying to decipher them, but the men were not speaking any language he had ever heard.  
That realization shocked him.  The Church and Empire had ensured during their long reign that all people were unified by a common language, the Imperial tongue.  They had stomped out the use of other dialects and now very few remained.  Most of those were concentrated in the wild lands of Sylia – none still existed in the Kingdoms.  It posed the question of why a group of bandits – as these men must be – would be speaking in a foreign language.  Unless they were from Sylia . . . .  
It was a ridiculous answer to an unnecessary puzzle.  The only important thing now was avoiding capture.  Dasen locked the oddity into his memory for later contemplation and focused on listening for the attackers’ positions.  Some distance to his left, he thought, near the fire, but they were spreading out to search.  
The men did not speak as they searched but their steps were heavy, and Dasen was certain that he could give the position of each of the five men to within a few feet.  Unfortunately, one of them was circling closer until his steps stopped at the edge of their bush.  Dasen prayed for the man to keep moving, but he just stood there for what seemed a lifetime then called out in a hushed tone to his fellows.  
The man was close enough for Dasen to hear his heavy breaths, so his hushed call was a thunderclap.  Dasen’s eyes shot open.  They only saw green.  And Tethina, more tense than he had imagined possible.  The muscles of her leg quivered.  Her hand pressed on his chest until it hurt.  The small dagger was clutched in her opposite hand so tightly that her knuckles were white.  The blade was poised just below the first leaves, its razor point sparkling in the sparse light that made it through the canopy above.  
Tethina shifted, getting ready to strike, but they were not found yet, and a rash move could cost them their lives.  Dasen wiggled his hand out from where it was trapped by Tethina’s leg and caught her arm just below the wrist.  She looked at his hand then face as if he were one of the men outside the bush, but Dasen nodded slowly and squeezed her wrist.  Tethina got the message.  Her muscles relaxed, but the knife did not move, so he did not release her.
More footsteps sounded nearby as the other men joined the first.  From the sound of their steps, the bandits were big.  Undoubtedly they were heavily armed, able-bodied, and confident.  If they were discovered, he and Tethina would not stand a chance.  Capture would be the best outcome.  With that thought in mind, Dasen surveyed their hiding place again but found only curved walls of green on every side.  They were safe from casual observation, but if someone pushed back the branches, they would have nowhere to run.  He prayed that it would not come to that.
The first bandit whispered to the others – even the whispers seemed a roar, but the language was no clearer.  He closed the final feet on the bush as if he still might surprise what he found inside.  When his huge leather boots could be seen peeking through the bottom leaves, he stopped, and there was silence.  Dasen could imagine him peering intently at the canopy above.  
A hand started through the top layers of the bush.  
Dasen froze and watched Tethina.  He could feel the tension in her every muscle like a steel trap with a faulty trigger.  He intensified his grip on her arm and prayed to the Holy Order for her to remain calm – even if she surprised the men, she would only spark their aggression.  
A second hand joined the first.  
Dasen continued his silent prayer but was paralyzed beyond that.  He could not even breathe.  The pounding of his heart sounded like thunder in his ears.  
The huge hands closed around the leaves of the bush to draw them apart.  They were found for certain.  
Dasen clenched his eyes shut unable to watch his fate unfold and made one last desperate plea.  To his tremendous surprise, it was answered.  With a bellow of agony.  
She stabbed him, Dasen thought as his eyes flew open.  He still held her wrist.  He was certain that it had not moved.  He looked at the blade.  There was no blood on it.  
The bandit yelled again, anguish clear in his guttural scream.  Another scream and he fell to the ground near the bush.  He howled, gnashed his teeth, and groaned in misery.  His fellows backed away from the bush as if it had come alive.  Their weapons rattled as they came to the ready.  The men yelled back and forth to one another in wonderment, surprise, and fear.  
Dasen was every bit as confused.  He looked at Tethina, but she just let out a soft sigh and lowered her knife.  Had she expected this outcome?  A small smile crept across her lips until she heard the bandit coming to his feet.  
The sound erased her smile and brought the knife back to its place near the innermost leaves, but the man did not approach.  He mumbling then screamed what could only be curses as he backed away from the bush.  From the sounds of their steps, his friends had joined him.  Eventually, the other men relaxed and chuckled at their compatriot’s inexplicable misfortune, but none of them came near the bush.  They joked and laughed all the way to their horses then mounted and rode south . . . toward Randor's Pass.

#

When the sound of hooves grew distant, Tethina’s eyes turned to Dasen.  They ran up and down his body, inspecting him as carefully as they had the canopy above a moment before.  "Can you move?"  Her distaste was clear, but the strength in her voice was betrayed by the shaking of her hands.
The immediate threat past, Dasen really looked at Tethina for the first time since the crash.  Her face was bright red where it was not smudged black, her hair was singed, and her dress was marked with burns and soot.  She had obviously not fared much better than he, and it made the pain that racked him seem less significant.  “I’m pretty miserable, but I think I can stand.”  His voice sounded slow and distant even to his own ears.
“Alright, then.”  Tethina sighed.  It sounded like she might collapse.  “Hopefully, your friends think we are still in the coach, but that doesn’t mean we can stay here.  Though you’d deserve it, your screaming would certainly bring them back, so I’ll warn you not to stand up in here.  This is a serpent bush.  The leaves are coated with poison.  It won’t kill you, but once it soaks into your skin, you may wish you were dead.”  
Dasen could not restrain his shock.  Tethina chuckled only to have the pain of her burns transform it to a wince.  “Remember that bandit's reaction?  Imagine that all over your body.  I’ve seen men brought to my aunt delirious from the pain."  She did not say anything further as she moved to her hands and knees and led the way out of the bush.
Dasen rolled onto his stomach, but even that simple movement made his head swim.  His entire body protested.  Spots danced before his eyes.  His head felt like it would burst.  He closed his eyes to gather himself and waited until the dizziness had passed then kept them closed as he rose to his hands and knees.  He forced his eyes open – they felt as if they would explode from their sockets – and fought against the spots to follow the path Tethina had taken.  He crawled out of the serpent bush and through a different bush that had given them access to the first until his head hit Tethina’s knee.  
His head bumping her knee shifting her attention from the road.  “It’s clear for the moment.  We have to go.”  Her tone did not suggest that there were any alternatives to that plan.
“Everything is spinning,” Dasen moaned as he shifted from crawling to sitting.  
“Well, I’m not staying here, so you can either join me or crawl back under that bush.  It’s your choice.”
Dasen looked at her with distaste, but she was watching the road, literally bouncing with anxiety, her feet set as if to run.  Obviously, she was serious.  He considered staying under the bush – surely she’d send someone for him when she got to the village.  But if something happened to her on the way, he’d be alone in the forest with no idea how to find the village.  Besides, could he send his wife off to find help while he lay under a bush?  On their joining day?  Given their already rocky start, that wasn’t likely to improve his standing.  His only chance to mend their already broken relationship was to prove her perception wrong, and he couldn’t do that from under a bush.  
That decided, he took a deep breath and brought his feet under him.  His head pounded as he rose until he was certain that it would burst.  The spots dancing before his eyes began to merge into solid black.  The world spun faster and faster until he could not tell if he was still moving up.  He fell back to the ground, sitting with his back against the tree and his head between his knees.
A few moments passed.  Dasen failed to rise, but a succession of condemning puffs from above told him that Tethina was growing impatient.  “We have to go!” she hissed when that thin patience gave out.  “I know you are used to having everything handed to you, of taking or buying whatever you want, but there are no servants here, your guards are gone, your father’s money means nothing, and there are no books that will tell you how, so you’re going to have to try doing something on your own.  I know it’s scary, but most of us do it every day.”  
Dasen looked at her with contempt and found even more reflected back.  He thought to protest, but it was clear that words would only further her claim.  So he decided to prove her wrong.  He took a deep breath and held it as he pulled his feet beneath him.  A rush of pain hit him.  His world was swirling black and pounding agony, but he fought through the darkness to a crouch.  He closed his eyes – they were not seeing anything but dancing spots.  The whole world felt like it was spinning, but he braced himself, took another deep breath, and pushed himself up.  He came to his feet but was falling backward with nothing to stop his momentum.  
Strong hands on his wrists arrested his fall.  He wavered, but the hands did not let him go until he was steady.  Dasen opened his eyes.  The spots were still there, but they were fewer and remained at the borders of his vision.  The world was still spinning, but it was slower, more manageable.  Tethina released his wrists with a huff.   His hand went to his head.  He squeezed his temple to ward off some of the unbearable throbbing.  Tethina came slowly into focus standing in front of him with a look of concern.  She held her hands near his, ready to catch him.  
“I'm okay,” he assured, but the words were distant.  “Everything is spinning, and my head feels like the town bell on Teaching Day.  We should go.  I don’t know how much longer I’ll last.”
Tethina looked deep into his eyes, placed her hand on his chest over his heart, and felt his neck and head with her fingers.  “I've seen worse," she declared without the slightest sympathy.  ”You'll probably be back to your pompous asshole self tomorrow."  
Dasen opened his mouth.
“I don’t want to hear it,” Tethina cut in.  “Not here, not now.”  She turned and searched the forest.  “There should be a trail nearby that will take us back to the village.  Follow me and try to be quiet.  Your friends may still be out there somewhere.  And don’t even think about touching me.”  She glared at him, a visual blade as sharp as the dagger she held, then turned from the road and led them into the forest.  
Dasen recoiled but knew better than to argue.  He followed her at a distance.  As they left the cover of the trees that blocked them from the road, he was aware of an intense heat warming him even beyond the already hot sun.  He looked back and saw a towering inferno a dozen paces away where the coach had ended its course against an ash tree.  The coach was little more than a cinder as the flames consumed the great tree.  Smoke rose in a black column and drifted slowly away from them.  For now, the surrounding trees, damp from the days of rain, resisted the fire that climbed almost straight to the sky on the windless day.
He watched the fire consume what remained of the coach for a long moment.  He did not tax his muddled mind with the countless unexplainable events he had witnessed.  When they made it to the village, there would be time for questions and answers.  Looking back one last time at the coach, however, he thought about Esso.  Though he had practically wished for the driver’s head, he had not deserved to die like that.  And the horses.  The guards.  If the bandits had made it to the coach, they were all certainly dead.  The thought made him retch.  He knew that he was not thinking clearly, but he made a promise that whoever did this would pay.  They would face justice for their crimes, and they would pay.
The thought brought him back to his escape.  A look at Tethina’s bare arms showed the price she had paid to save him.  They were deep red, matched only by the red of her face.  He was not much better, his face and hands burned, but the pain was distant compared to the pounding in his head.  His jacket was little more than tatters and nearly black with soot and ash.  He ran his hand through his hair and felt it crackle as the acrid scent of burnt hair wafted around him.  “Thank you for pulling me out,” he mumbled once he pieced together what had happened.  “Especially after . . . well after what you said.  You . . . you know I could never do those things.  I . . .”
Tethina stopped and looked at him with disdain.  "Stuff it!  I said I didn’t want to talk right now.  Now let’s go before I change my mind and throw you back in that fire.”  She scowled then winced at the pain.  Dasen could only sigh and follow. 

#

Teth scanned the gaps in the trees following the slight rut in the forest floor as far as her sharp eyes could see.  The forest around them was a dense mix of evergreen and deciduous trees.  There was little undergrowth, but a fresh layer of leaves had fallen in the heavy rains, and the trail was difficult to discern.  Even then, it was only when she nearly twisted her ankle in the slight impression that she realized where she was.
It had been a long, slow walk to the trail through the dense underbrush around the road to the older portion of the forest where they now stood, and she had been driven to the edge of insanity by the ungodly fire erupting from her face and arms.  The pain gnawed at her until she almost wished that she had left Dasen to burn rather than staying to save him.  After what he had been planning in the coach, he certainly would have deserved it.  
And then she would have been a widow.  Young enough to remarry, her custody would have reverted to Ipid.  She considered that.  Could he do worse than his son?  Perhaps. 
The thought sparked her anger.  Why does this have to be so hard?  She had just started to trust the boy, to think that he understood.  Then Pete Magee and that driver. . . .  
Pete Magee, she thought.  The driver.  Not Dasen.  And in the coach?  He had done nothing to substantiate their claims.  He had seemed nervous, unsure, even afraid.  He did not try to sit by her or even touch her.  The driver’s words had clearly upset him.  He did not laugh, did not try to defend them.  He had not made excuses, had not tried to brush it away, or used it to press his claim.  Then she had said those terrible things, accused him of being the worst kind of monster, and he had been sad, not defensive, not aggressive, sad, as hurt by the implication as her.
As if on cue, Dasen stumbled behind her, nearly crashing into her.  She grabbed his arm to keep him from falling and spun him around to face her.  He was breathing hard.  His hand was clenched tight over his forehead with his fingers on his temples.  He looked like the living dead, but after the way he had bounced around the inside of the coach like a bean in a baby’s rattle, it was impressive that he could move at all.  As it was, he was pushing bodily through the brush with all the grace of a drunken blind man and leaving a trail that another blind man could follow, but he was moving. 
“Why are we stopping?”  Dasen's eyes rose to the sensation of Teth holding his arm.  He looked around, wobbling precariously until he finally placed a hand on a nearby tree for support.  
“I found a path.”  Teth’s voice was distorted by her intense desire to move her face as little as possible.  She motioned down the path, but he did not seem to notice.  “Besides, you look like you could use a rest.”  She put her hand beneath his chin and brought his eyes up to hers.  His pupils were as big as saucers, blank and empty.  
“Thanks, but I actually feel better when we’re moving.  It keeps things from spinning too much.”  There was great distance in his voice, but he started down the path, watching it carefully, using each passing tree for support, but seeming no more stable.  
Teth followed, forgetting about her own pain as she watched him.  As much as she hated to admit it, she admired his courage.  It would have been easy for him to remain lying under that bush, to send her off alone for help, but he had made it to his feet, and now he just kept moving.  He was clearly stronger, more resilient than she could have guessed.  Yet, he allowed her to lead, did not pretend to be in charge, did not treat her like the half-wit invalid that his great Book of Valatarian seemed to think women to be.  She thought on that as they walked, tried to reconcile it with her previous images of her husband.
A short time later, they came to the first of several landmarks for which she had been searching.  Surrounding the path on all sides were close to a hundred thin trees with starkly white bark and large serrated leaves.  The trees grew in a radial grove that stood out from the rest of the forest.  Their white bark made them look pure and clean while the radial pattern presented a sense of order that she always found comforting.  More importantly, the bark of these trees was the best pain reliever in the forest.  She placed a hand on Dasen’s shoulder to signal that he should stop.  
“What’s the matter?” he asked somewhat stronger.  “I’m feeling better, but we should keep going before the dizziness returns.”  He did look more stable, but his pupils were still dilated, and his hand was still clamped across his forehead.  
"The bark from these trees will help your head,” she explained with all the patience she could muster.  
Dasen looked around as if noticing the strange trees for the first time.  He nodded then thought better of it and reached out to brace himself on one of the white trunks.  
Seeing that he was stable, Teth started working on the nearest tree with her knife.  She cleaved off a hand-sized chunk of the white bark and cut a generous piece from it for Dasen.  “Here, chew on this.  It may hurt your stomach in this form, but it’s the best thing for your head.”
He took the coin-sized piece of bark without a word, placed it in his mouth, and started chewing.  After two chomps, he brought his hand back to his mouth and pulled out the bark.  “By the Order!  This is terrible!”  He held the partially masticated bark out to her, his face twisted in a look of disgust.
“Well don’t chew it then!  You’re a big boy.  If you want that headache more than a bad taste in your mouth, I won’t argue with you.”  She scowled at him but had to stop because of her face and cursed under her breath instead.  
To show him up, she cut a chunk of the bark for herself and started chewing.  Unfortunately, she had only had higg bark in teas and was not prepared for the strong taste it had when eaten raw.  She almost spit it out.  The bark was acrid and bitter to the point that it almost hurt.  Her tongue started to tingle and she dreaded swallowing, but she was not going to let Dasen see her back down, so she forced herself to smile and was gratified to see him put the bark back in his mouth.  
The next of the sights for which Teth had been searching appeared a few hundred paces down the trail.  The small green plant was growing against the base of an ancient oak well off the path.  Enough branches grabbed her arms on the way to it that she was close to tears by the time she reached her goal, but the prize was worth the effort.  She started ripping the bright-green spikes of the dellum plant from the base of the tree.  Those tendrils were as thick as two fingers at its base and a foot or more in length.  They were soft to the touch and cone-shaped with a watery sap inside.  She squeezed that sap onto her arms, using tendril after tendril until they were soaked.  The sap felt cool and soothing as it oozed thick and moist over her arms, quenching her burns almost immediately.  She reveled in the relief and smelled the earthy fragrance covering her.  It reminded her of everything that nature should be, reminded her of all the ways the Order looked after those trapped in its wild game.  
She smeared one more tendril’s sap on her face, selected two more for Dasen, and made her way back to the trail.  Dasen was standing in exactly the spot she had left him.  He looked haggard, but he was not wavering, the hand had come down from his forehead, and his pupils were closer to normal.  
“You’re looking better,” she said as she began to rub the sap on his face.  "This will help with the burns.”
“Thanks.”  His voice was the strongest it had been since the crash.  “I am feeling better.  That bark is some of the worst stuff I have ever tasted, but it has certainly helped my head.”  He paused as Teth rubbed the sap over his lips.  “How do you know so much about all these plants?”
"My aunt is the herbalist and healing woman in Randor’s Pass.”  Teth was almost flattered that he had noticed.  “She taught me almost everything I know about the forest.”  
“I know you don’t want to talk about it,” Dasen started, “But I’m sorry for what happened in the village.  I promise my conversation with the villagers was innocent – they gave me the jug and made a joke about you thinking I was a drunk, nothing more – but I should have known what they were up to.  I can’t defend my driver, but you should know that neither of them spoke for me.  I . . . I would never . . . could never do the things you said.  I never told the villagers, my driver, or anyone else that I would.  I would never even speak of you that way.  And when we return, I will tell every one of them exactly that.  I hope you can believe me.  I know you are wary, and I understand that.  I know that this must be very difficult for you, but I cannot stand to have you think I would . . . .”
“Shut up,” Teth breathed and put a hand over his mouth.  “I know.  I should have always known.  We both made mistakes.  Now let’s just forget about it and get back to the village.  Agreed?”
Dasen nodded, looking as if someone had just lifted a boulder off his shoulders.  She finished rubbing the sap on his face and allowed her hand to linger there.  She studied her husband and decided that he could be considered handsome in the right light.  He was obviously an idiot, but she could not believe that he would hurt her on purpose.  He still had a lot to answer for – that accursed book for one – but she was having a harder and harder time lumping him in with the other men she had known.  She moved her fingers around his chin and realized how doe-eyed she must look.  She snapped her hand away, cleared her throat, and reached into her pocket.  She pulled out another piece of bark.  "Here eat this,” she demanded as she turned and stomped down the trail.



Chapter 12


“Hurry up!  We're almost there,” Tethina called in hushed tones.  
Dasen looked up and realized that the words had come from far ahead, nearly out of sight around a bend in the trail.  With a sigh, he pulled himself from his thoughts and concentrated on closing the distance.  The task was not easy.  With the aid of Tethina’s medicines, his headache and other miseries had abated, but even in perfect health he would not be able to keep up with her on these forest trails.  His feet had never strode on anything more uneven than cobblestones, and even then not far.  Here, he risked falling with every step.  He had to watch each one, feel it out, then move cautiously to keep himself from the ground.  Tethina had no such trepidation.  She walked across the rough path – strewn with roots, rocks, leaves, and mud – as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  Which, for her, he realized to his dismay, it probably was.  
At least his apology seemed to have been accepted.  In the moment after, Tethina had seemed to warm to him, had touched him gently, looked into his eyes with what could have been fondness.  Dasen had thought they were making progress until she snapped her hand away and marched down the path like a drill sergeant.  And like a drill sergeant, she watched him close their current gap.  Her eyes were hard and disapproving, but at least she held back her insults.  It was clear that patience was not one of her virtues, but through that, Dasen almost thought he saw a hint of fondness in her scowls.  The very fact that she waited seemed a great concession.  It was all quite unladylike, but he was in no place to complain – if he’d had a proper lady for a wife, they’d both be dead right now.
Dasen closed the final few steps to where Tethina waited at the edge of a clearing.  She watched and nodded with what might have been approval.  The forest was not so kind.  A hidden root caught his toe and sent him lurching forward.  He crashed into Tethina and expected them both to end up on the ground.  As it was, she caught him and spun him into a nearby tree where he could arrest his momentum without falling on her.  It was such a smooth, graceful move that Dasen was left stunned.  He had been certain that they would be in a pile on the ground then he was standing, nearly hugging a tree and she was watching him with the smallest quirk of a smile.  Is she somehow enjoying this?  
“Be careful,” she said, smile fading to a scowl.  She held her cheeks, obviously feeling her burns again.  “We have to be quiet.  We are almost to the village.  The bandits are probably long gone, but I have a bad feeling.  Everything is too still.  We should be able to hear the celebration from the green.  The birds should be heading that way to pick at the scraps, but the ones I have seen are flying away.”
"Is that where Randor’s Pass is supposed to be?" Dasen asked.  His attention had been drawn to the opposite side of the clearing where he had an unobstructed view of the treetops to the west.  Rising above those trees was black smoke.
Tethina turned.  Her face blanched despite her burns.  Her mouth hung open.  "That is exactly where Randor is supposed to be.”  Stunned, she scanned the trees.  “This is bad.  Can you follow me?”  She stared at Dasen.  Her tone told him the question was not rhetorical.  
He only nodded, shocked by her sudden intensity.
“Okay but you need to be quiet.  I mean silent.  Not a word, not a scuffle, not a squeak.  Do you understand?”
Dasen nodded again then gulped as he watched her dart off the trail and bound through the trees.  
The forest this close to the village was much less wild than it had been where the coach had crashed.  The trees were reasonably spaced – stumps marked where they had been thinned by the villagers.  Only sparse underbrush grew between the remaining trees so their way was clear, but the heavy rains had transformed the ground into a seething maze of roots, rocks, and mud that made the trail look like well-laid cobblestones.  Somehow, Tethina floated across that uneven mess as if it were cobblestones.  The sight was so amazing that Dasen could only watch for several seconds before he managed to pop his jaw back into place and follow.  What had he been thinking?  He had no chance of making it across that mess without any sound.  But he’d told Tethina he could, so he took a deep breath and planned his path.
As he took his first steps, amazement turned to awe.  The forest did not appear to have a single flat spot, so he loped from one poorly controlled tripping fall to the next, always a hair’s breadth from disaster.  The dangers the rough ground presented were exacerbated by his need to watch the elusive shadow that was his wife.  She was soon so far ahead that he was lucky to catch an occasional glimpse of her flitting between the trees.  The way she moved suggested a desire for stealth, but Dasen found it hard enough to keep her in sight – adding stealth to his run would have been too much for his overtaxed body and mind to manage. 
Soon Tethina was further obscured by the first tendrils of smoke drifting through the trees.  The smoke was dirty grey and clung to the forest like fog.  It burned his eyes and had the caustic smell of green pine and tar.  The same tar that had sealed the wooden shingles on the villagers' roofs, Dasen thought as he ran.  That realization along with the sheer volume of the smoke confirmed his suspicion that this was not an accidental or celebratory fire.  The entire village must be burning.  How was that possible?  With every villager already gathered, they should have had no problem controlling a fire.  How could it have gotten that far out of control?  Unless . . . unless the thieves from the road had started it, had kept the villagers from fighting it.  
The thought hit Dasen like a fist between the eyes.  His father had kept six guards with him plus Elton, who was worth at least six men.  Plus five hundred villagers.  At least a hundred of those were woodsmen in their prime, big men who swung axes for a living.  How many bandits were there?  How did they know they were here?  How did they get past the forest master?  Obviously, Ipid would be worth a fortune in ransom, but why involve the villagers?   Why not attack the day before when they were on rain-soaked roads riding through heavy forest, ideally positioned for an ambush?  
The piercing wail of a baby’s cry echoed through the forest, sending Dasen from his skin and leaving his questions unanswered.  The sound was quickly muffled – cut short by a mother’s hand – but it made Dasen's heart race, thundering until he thought it might leap from his chest.  Wrenched back from his thoughts, he realized that the smoke was all around him, leaving him on the edge of coughs and cutting his vision to a few paces.  That haze had made the forest seem desolate, had lulled him into a false sense of solitude, but the wail had come from immediately in front of him.  He was desperately close to the village and whatever dangers it held.  
Having lost sight of Tethina, he was running blind in what he hoped was the correct direction.  He slowed his pace, suddenly aware of the sound of his own shuffling feet.  Blood roared in his ears, but it was not enough to drown out the stuttering cries of anguished women, the barely contained snuffles of stoic men holding back their emotion through will alone, the whimpering, breathless sobs of children who had long ago expended their ability to cry.  Taken together, it was the sound of people pushed beyond their limits, of fear, and it reverberated through Dasen like a cold wave.
He was so absorbed by those horrifying sounds that he did not even notice when the trees came to a sudden end, leaving him gawking at the village green and the great mass of villagers gathered in its center.  Only a strong arm around his waist kept him from the villagers and the plain view of whatever criminals were guarding them.  Another hand wrapped around his mouth to silence the yelp that nearly escaped his lips.  A firm body supported him to keep him from falling as his momentum changed.  He whirled on the attacker ready for anything then let out a sigh when he saw Tethina’s eyes hammering him through the haze of smoke. 
When her eyes had taken their toll, she signaled him to silence, turned, and crept to the remnants of two trees that had fallen across one another in ages past.  The long forgotten logs were rotten and moss covered but had fallen in such a way that someone could view most of the green with little chance of being detected.  Dasen followed her through a spindly bush that guarded the logs, restraining outbursts as sharp thorns pulled at his legs and arms.  
They squatted behind the barricade and watched through a space between the logs.  The villagers were plain enough, but the haze of smoke obscured Dasen’s vision and burned his eyes.  He suppressed coughs then covered his mouth with part of his sweat-soaked shirt to keep the smoke from his lungs.  A glance at Tethina showed her doing the same with the hem of her silk dress.  She squinted against the caustic smoke, peering into the haze like a mystic studying a crystal for the Order’s will.  Rubbing the smoke and water from his eyes, Dasen joined her, searching hungrily for information, for his father, for Rynn, but the haze was so thick that he could not discern individual figures.  He saw only a tight clump of bodies, holding one another protectively.  Fear emanated from them like heat from a fire.  But fear of what?  Try as he might, Dasen could not see the source of the villagers’ distress.  From what he could tell, they were simply standing in a great, unguarded mass as their homes smoldered in the distance.  
The questions began to build again in Dasen’s mind.  How many attackers must there be to create this crippling fear in five hundred proud villagers?  Where were these attackers?  Had they already left with their prize?  If so, why were the villagers still so paralyzed?  
Dasen could almost feel the rise in emotions that provided the answers.  The muffled whimpers of the villagers grew in intensity if not volume and were followed by a tight silence that was even more dreadful.  His eyes snapped to the source of the building fear and found a mounted man emerging from the smoke, riding in a slow circle around the huddled mass.  The rider moved casually, but a steady wave of panic preceded him as the villagers crushed together in anticipation of his arrival before them.  As if it were the very figure of death, they tried to disappear in his presence and became all the more apparent as a result.  
For his part, the rider did not seem to notice the villagers, concentrating instead on the leg of chicken he was eating as he rode.  As he became clearer, Dasen realized that there was something strange about the silhouette the rider cast through the smoke.  At first, he thought it was a trick of his watering eyes, but when the man was in full view, he decided that it was no trick.  The man and his mount were giants.  The horse was every bit as large as the beasts that had pulled Ipid’s coach, and the man was a perfect fit for the creature.  Compared to the villagers in the background, he was a full head taller and half-again as wide.  His shoulders were thick.  His arms, left bare by the leather vest he wore, were heavily muscled and as big around as Dasen’s head.  Clutched in his hand, what Dasen had thought was a chicken leg was that of a goose.  His other balanced a massive sword across the pommel of his saddle as if it were a fencing foil.  Dasen watched the man ride around the villagers but could not make any sense of his appearance.  The only men that came close to matching him were Morgs, but everyone knew that Morgs did not ride horses or shave their beards — the rider’s face had little more than careless stubble.  
As the rider faded from view, a breeze appeared.  The surprisingly cool breeze pushed some of the smoke away from the village, and Dasen said a silent prayer of thanks for the slight reprieve it afforded his burning eyes and lungs.  The prayer died as his watering eyes found the bodies.  There were at least ten scattered in his limited view, crumpled masses disfigured and oozing red into the puddles that already surrounded them.  Dasen felt the bile rise in this throat and turned to be sick.
“Don’t,” Tethina whispered.  “Fight it.  They’ll know we’re here.”
Dasen pushed down the bile, fought to keep it there, as fear overwhelmed him.  Who are these people?  By the Order, what have they done?  The bodies were mangled, but some of them were too small to be men.  Arrows stood in multitudes from backs.  Heads lay paces from bodies.  Blood stained the grass brown as it dried in the heat.  The smell of burning pine was replaced by the iron tinge of a slaughter house.  Who could do this?  How could Ipid’s ransom be worth this? 
Still, Dasen studied the bodies, searched for familiar faces, clothes, or builds.  He prayed that they would remain anonymous, that his father, Rynn, his guards, Elton would not be among the dead, that he would not have to see their bodies shattered before him.  When he had forced himself to search each body, he turned to the villagers with hope mixing into his fear.  But the faces he found, though occasionally familiar, were not known.  His father, Rynn, Elton, his guards, even Pete Magee and his gang were nowhere to be found in the sliver of the green he could see from his sanctuary.
“What do you make of that?” Tethina whispered in his ear so softly he could barely make out the words.  She pointed to the side where a dozen riders had formed a knot of conversation.  To Dasen’s astonishment, all those men were as large as the first one he had seen.  It was inconceivable.  These were not Morgs, so how did this many men of such incredible size manage to come together in one place?  The similarities between the men were considerable, he decided without much relief.  They all wore tight-fitting leather pants, loose leather vests with open triangular necklines, and soft knee-high boots made for riding.  Their faces were hard with sharp features that were often disrupted by gruesome scars.  Their hair varied from clean shaven to long but was always tightly corralled either by the severity of the cut or with tight braids that were themselves clasped together with leather thongs.  Finally, every man, save one, was huge, powerfully armed, and mounted on a horse that matched his girth.
Confounded, Dasen turned his attention to the aberration among them, hoping that the exception might explain the rule.  At the center of the gathered riders was one man of approximately normal size.  By Dasen’s estimation, he was about his height and only slightly broader, but compared to his fellows, he might have been a dwarf.  Yet that man, by all appearances, was the leader.  The others directed their conversation to him, and when he bothered to respond, they fell silent.  Furthermore, the leader was simply a smaller version of the men around him.  His horse was, if anything, the largest.  He wore the same clothing, had the same short-cropped blond hair, angular face, and brutal weaponry.  Despite the normalcy of his stature, he was every bit as strange as his fellows.
A hard nudge in the arm pulled Dasen’s attention from the scene.  “So, do you know these gentlemen?” Tethina whispered.  Her scorn was clear even at a whisper.  
“I don’t know wh . . .” Dasen started too loudly.  Tethina clamped a hand over his mouth and shot him a look that might have killed him.
“Are you incapable of being quiet?” she whispered with all the force of a scream.
Dasen held back a sudden wave of fury.  Struggling to restrain his frustration, he gathered himself and spoke in the softest whisper he could manage.  “I have no idea who these men are.  None of this makes any sense.”
Tethina puffed.  Her eyes turned to the fallen; clearly she would know them.  Would they be her friends, relatives, enemies?  How could she be so strong?  So unfazed?  He did not know any of these people yet he could barely keep his stomach from revolting, could barely keep himself from curling into a helpless ball.  His emotions fought one another, disgust, anger, sadness, fear.  Tethina seemed only to feel the anger.  Her mouth was a line, her eyes slits.  Her hands were clenched, entire body taught.  Then he saw her mouth moving ever so slightly.  At first he thought it was for curses, then he realized prayers.  The prayer for the dead, and she said it for each body, moving from one to the next until they were all covered.  
With a sigh, Dasen joined her, mouthing the short prayer without a sound and felt it calm the storm inside him.  When they had finished, he took another breath and turned to Tethina.  “We should go,” he whispered.  “There’s nothing we can do.  Our best hope is to find the forest masters.  They will know how to handle this.”  
Tethina glared, her anger clear, but she did not respond.  She watched the village for a moment longer then nodded.  “When the smoke drifts back.”
As if controlled by her words, the breeze faded and smoke slowly reclaimed the green.  Dasen used those last moments to scan the crowd a final time for his father or Rynn.  He did not find them.  He could only guess that they had already been sorted from the villagers.  The kidnappers would not risk their payoff, he told himself, but something still felt wrong.  The evidence didn’t fit the hypothesis, but logic dictated that the simplest answer was usually the correct one, and he could think of no other explanation that was not outlandish.   In the end, he was left wanting as the smoke boiled over him, and he turned to leave.

#

“Follow me, and try to be quiet,” Tethina ordered as they emerged from the bush.  She had her teeth gnashed together and caressed her arms where the red was punctuated by white scratches from the thorns.  Her eyes searched the forest, but the smoke had returned denser than before, and Dasen could not imagine that she was finding much.  Then, without so much as a glance back, she ran silently from the village, perfectly retracing their approach.
Dasen followed as quietly as he could and was aided by Tethina’s slower pace.  When the smoke had been reduced to a few clinging wisps, she stopped and gave the forest a long look.  She thought for a moment while Dasen caught his breath.  Sweat dripped from his head and ran down his face.  His shirt was soaked and he cursed the jacket that he, for some reason, still wore.  His mouth still tasted like that horrible bark that Tethina had made him chew, and his thirst was devastating.  A look at the sky showed that the sun had already dipped below the mountains to the west.  They only had another hour before twilight.  Without the village to return to, their situation was growing desperate.
Returning to his full height, Dasen was nearly toppled as Tethina threw her arms around him and held him in a crushing embrace.  Dasen was shocked but soon recovered enough to wrap his arms around her.  Her chin rested on his shoulder.  Her sweat dampened hair brushed his cheek.  Her soft body crushed against him through the silk of her dress.  Her scent washed over him, strangely metallic and musky with a hint of dellum sap and pine.  Dasen was overwhelmed by her presence, could barely find the ability to breathe as every nerve in his body came to life while a thousand emotions battled for control of his mind.  In the end, he could only hold her and stammer.  He expected to feel her crying on his shoulder and built himself to give her strength, but she did not shed a tear.  
The moment was over almost as soon as it began.  Tethina pulled away, put a hand on his chest, and looked into his eyes.  “Thanks, I . . . I just needed to make sure that something was real.”  She released a heavy sigh and turned to the forest.  “This is bad.  Did you see all those bodies?”  Tethina paused to gather herself.  Dasen felt the bile rising again as he thought about what he had seen.  “These men are animals.  They killed dozens of innocent people just to get Ipid, for nothing more than his money.  And they must already have him, or they’d be out searching for him.  So why kill all those people?”  Tethina stopped and chewed her lip.  Dasen drew a breath, but she put a hand over his mouth.  “Not now.  There is no use discussing it.  I’d love to save him, but it’s too big a risk.  We don’t even know where he is.  There is nothing we can do.”
Dasen had not even thought about trying to rescue his father.  He had only meant to suggest that they find someplace to hide, preferably with food and water.  He had no illusions that he was capable of sneaking into the village, finding his father, or getting back out again.  And even if they did, what then?  
“We’ll go to my aunt’s,” Tethina proclaimed after some thought.  Dasen felt relief wash over him, someplace to rest.  “We can’t risk that these savages will find her cottage.  I don’t know how, but she’ll have to come with us.”  
Dasen felt his hope crash.  Come with us? 
Tethina stopped and looked around without seeming to see him.  He opened his mouth to protest, but she spoke over him.  “We’ll make our way to Potter’s Place.  From there, you can send messages to whoever will fix this: the governor, the forest masters, the Chancellor himself.  We’ll have to stay off the roads, which will be hard with my aunt.  She can’t walk, but we can take turns carrying her or make a stretcher for her.  But it’s not a long trip.  Even with her, not more than a couple of days.”
“Do you really think that’s prudent?” Dasen finally managed to ask.  “We need water, food, a place to sleep.  How are we going to take care of your aunt too?  
“We’ll just have to find a way,” Tethina proclaimed.  “I’m not leaving her to these savages.”  She turned to Dasen and glared until he dropped all thoughts of opposition.  
“Can we at least stay at her cottage until morning?  The sun will be down soon.”
Tethina looked toward the mountains and the orange glow that outlined them.  “Too risky, but we can get water and food there.  We’ll sleep under a fir tree.  You’d be surprised how comfortable it can be.”  She looked at him with a sly smile that did not betray her joke, if that’s what it was.  Dasen could only hope so.  “Come on then.  It’s not far to the house.  Can you run?”
Dasen had barely caught his breath from the previous run.  His legs were trembling, his head hurt, his stomach rumbled, his tongue felt like leather, but he nodded.  
“Okay.  I’m going to go ahead.  Just keep me in sight.  If you lose me, knock on a tree like this.”  Tethina picked up a stick and tapped quickly on a nearby trunk.  To Dasen’s uninitiated ears, it sounded like a woodpecker.  “But beyond that, you need to be silent.  We are going to be skirting around the village and cannot risk drawing attention.  Got it?”
Dasen nodded again then watched as his wife bounded off, leaping from tree to tree like a jackrabbit.  Unfortunately, the forest floor had not become any smoother since his last trip across it, and he was soon stumbling along with every step echoing in his ears.  He winced at each thud, wondering if it had been heard in the village.  His mind became obsessed with a coming pursuit, imagining it with every sound.  As it was, he was barely running.  The ground was so rough and slick that he had to concentrate on each step.  Still he was soon gasping.  Sweat ran down his face into his eyes.  His shirt clung to his back and his pants chaffed his inner thighs, adding another misery.  
When he thought the stitch in his side had become a real knife, he stopped, put his hands on his knees, and tried to catch his breath.  When he brought his head up, he saw the last shadow of Tethina disappearing through the trees a hundred paces ahead.  He searched momentarily for a stick to call her then cursed himself.  They had only been running for a few minutes.  What will she think if I’ve already given up?  How will I ever gain her respect if I can’t keep up for five minutes?  With a sigh, he resumed his run, pushing his pace to match that of his wife. 
In a moment, he had found Tethina again.  She had stopped to look back for him.  Seeing her watching, Dasen made the mistake of trying to impress her.  He took his eyes from the forest floor, increased his pace, lengthened his stride, and tried to imitate her apparent ease.  For a few strides, he felt like a natural.  His feet hit rocks or roots and surged off confidently to the next.  He was just preparing to congratulate himself when the forest delivered the punch line.  His toes landed on a rain-exposed root, slipped off of it, and became lodged under another.  He pitched forward.  His left knee led the way, slamming with an audible crack into a waiting stone.  Pain lanced through him, and he cried out in surprise before his hands landed in the mud and slid away to leave him face down in muck.  
Anguish assailed his senses.  He rolled onto his back clutching his knee and gnashing his teeth against the unbearable pain.  Somewhere he was aware that he was crying out as he rolled in the mud but could not control the sounds.  When the pain subsided enough for his mind to regain control, he clamped his mouth shut, hoping that his outburst had somehow gone unnoticed.  But on this Order-cursed day, no such luck was available.  Cries of alarm came first, surprisingly close, a few hundred paces to his right.  Orders were issued in a foreign tongue a second later followed by the thunder of horses’ hooves.  
Terror overran pain.  Dasen rolled onto his stomach and looked for Tethina just as she closed the final few feet between them and pulled him to his feet.  “You idiot!” she seethed.  “You're going to get us killed.”  She slung his arm around her shoulder and pulled him through the trees to the west.  
Dasen tried to bring his legs around to support his part of their scamper, but only one of them would support his weight, and he ended up leaning heavily on Tethina.  Even holding his weight, she ran nearly faster than he had managed before the fall.  
The sound of hooves spread through the forest behind them.  The bandits were searching, riding at a careful pace in the tangled forest, but they seemed to be everywhere.  A shadow appeared in the distance before them, the dark outline of a horse, the rider’s body and head blocked by a pine.  Tethina altered their course to take them around the man, but it was pointless.  Unidentifiable words sounded through the forest behind them, a call of discovery that would have been clear in any language.  Hooves pounded the forest floor until they consolidated behind them.  The hunters had found their prey.  
Tethina mumbled a string of curses that would have made a sailor blush.  Taking the opposite approach, Dasen tried to think of a prayer.  The sharp thwack of an arrow hitting the side of a tree a few feet in front of them ended his attempt at piety.  There was only one option now.  
“You have to leave me,” he said.  The words came with a calm that he had not thought possible.  “I’m the one they want.  I'll hold them up.  Go and get help.  Find the forest masters."  He tried to break away, but Tethina would not release him.  
“Too late for that now,” she growled.
Dasen did not understand and did not have the time to consider.   He could almost hear the horses labored breaths in his ears.  They were caught for sure.  There was a rasp of steel leaving leather.  
Tethina finally released him.  He looked toward her just in time to see the ground depart from beneath his feet.  He felt a moment of weightlessness before he began to fall.  
Mercifully short, the fall ended in a rush of water.  The icy current enveloped him and shook him senseless.  In shock, he struggled to keep his bearings, to find air.  The White River into which they had fallen was fast-moving and violent.  It eagerly pulled him under its tumultuous current, but surprise was the river’s only advantage.  Dasen had learned to swim in the river that ran by his father’s estate in Thoren and still swam often in the university baths.  As such, he soon recovered and pulled himself to the surface with a sputtering gasp.  
As his head surged from the water, he looked back at the fading bank.  Standing there were three mounted men shaking swords over their heads in frustration.  As the bandits faded from view, a smile crept across Dasen’s face and grew into his first laugh of the day.



Chapter 13


Teth closed her eyes, grabbed her nose, and let go of Dasen.  She dreaded what would come next, but there was no other way.  When the pursuit had started, she had known that she could either leave Dasen or test the river.  On her own, the bandits never would have found her.  But then she would have been on her own, counting for the bastard forest masters for help – and she knew from experience what they did with girls they found alone in the forest.  Dasen wasn’t much use out here, but in the city, with the forest masters, his name, power, and connections would mean everything.  The forest masters would probably do anything he asked.  By the Order, the Chancellor would probably dispatch the entire army to save Ipid, but there was no guarantee that they would even let her tell her tale.  At least that is what she told herself when she could not bring herself to leave the boy behind.
The fall into the river was not nearly long enough.  Teth clamped her hand over her nose and felt icy water embrace her.  The furious current dragged her into its rain-bloated depths where she tumbled weightless, water battering her from all sides.  She opened her eyes.  Chaos greeted her.  Blue and white raced before her vision in an indistinguishable rush that gave no indication of which was water and which was sky.  She kicked, pulled but had no idea where to go.  The river roared in her ears, laughing as its cruel joke was revealed.
Panic gripped her.  She had never learned to swim, and the deadly White River was no place to start.  Its powerful undertow and sudden rapids could drown even the most experienced swimmer, and every child in Randor’s Pass knew not to tempt its fury.  She now understood why, understood how powerful nature could be.  Her wild kick and flailing arms did nothing but drain her energy, suck the air from her lungs.  And still, she could not find the surface.  She searched through the maze of blue and white for some sign of that sanctuary, some hope for air and the chance to yell, but in the weightless torrent, she could have been inches or miles from the surface and not known the difference.
Frantic struggle and unabated panic steadily drew the last of the air from her burning lungs.  Her legs grew tired and numb.  Other muscles followed until she could no longer make her body respond to her hysterical requests to fight.  Sensing its victory, the river wrapped its cold arms around her and sucked her down into its dark bosom.  Spots danced before her sightless eyes.  Her entire body ached for air.  She could not hold out any longer.  Her lungs opened to the river, and it celebrated with a demonic howl that was cut short by blackness.

#

Dasen swam smoothly but purposefully to avoid the shifting currents that threatened to disrupt the delicate balance he held with the surface.  Jubilant, he searched for Tethina.  He wanted to grab her and kiss her.  He had been sure they were going to be captured – or worse.  Now, he was so happy that he would have kissed a frog if there were one close at hand.  
As his casual search failed, Dasen’s concern grew.  Where is she?  Certainly she must be a strong swimmer.  But then, where is she?  He spun himself all the way around, searching every direction, but could not see anything but white-capped water and trees.  
His stomach clenched.  He made another circle, concentrating this time on the depths.  Almost immediately, he saw her.  Remarkably close but well below the surface was a shimmer of blue that did not belong to the river.  He dove toward it.  The undertow pulled him gladly to Tethina’s lifeless form.  He wrapped his arms around her chest and looked for the surface.  The churning water made it difficult to orient himself, but he did not spare any time to gauge his surroundings.  Tethina was not moving.  How long had she been under?  Was she hurt?  Powered by fear, he held her with one arm, pulled with his other, and kicked with all his might.  
The effort seemed to bring him no closer to what he hoped was the surface.  The river pulled at its prize, trying to suck her back.  Dasen fought for her, but his strength was waning.  The river was too strong.  The power faded from his arms and legs.  His grip began to loosen.  She was slipping away, back into the river.  
But the Order had not yet finished with her.  The current reversed and expelled them, shot them into a universe of sweet, clear, revitalizing air.  Air had never tasted so good as that first breath.  Dasen swallowed it in ragged gulps, his entire body burning to have it.  He was so happy to have found the surface that he did not even notice the waves that beat at his face to leave him sputtering.  
When he had recovered enough to reclaim his senses, he turned his attention to the motionless bundle that he was struggling to hold above the water.  Tethina should have been gasping for the same air he was enjoying, but there was no movement in her chest, no gasping, no sputtering.  No breathing at all.
In a panic, he looked at her.  Her face was a ghostly white disrupted only by the pale blue around her lips and eyes.  Her mouth was closed.  Her nostrils were still.  Nothing moved to bring in the life-giving air that was now available.  Dasen was frantic.  What else could he do?  He forced her mouth open.  Water ran out, but no air rushed in to fill the void it left.  
Without any idea of what else to do, he turned to the last refuge of the hopeless: he prayed.  He made every promise he could think to make.  He offered his wealth, his knowledge, his unending service, even his own life, but there was no answer.  Tears welled in his eyes.  He cried out in frustration, unleashed a curse at the Order, and made a final plea to any heathen power that may be watching.  He squeezed Tethina’s middle as hard as he could, refusing to let her go.  Water bubbled from her mouth, and with a tremendous gasp, her lungs filled.
Tethina pulled in the air with great coughing gasps.  Dasen made his own gasps of relief as he watched her eyes flutter open, but she did not seem to see anything.  For a moment, she lay motionless against him, breathing deeply.  Her chest rose and fell, her nostrils flared to bring in the air that soon returned color to her cheeks and banished the blue from her lips.  Her body was rigid, every muscle taught as her eyes searched the sky with growing desperation.  
Then she panicked.  She flailed her arms and kicked her feet.  Her head pounded the water.  Unprepared, Dasen retracted as her heels struck his shins.  He ducked to avoid her head and ended up underwater.  Tethina tore at his hands until he nearly lost her.  And she screamed, a terrible, angry scream that seemed to shake the entire river.
“Stop!” Dasen managed to yell before his head was forced back under.  “Stop or I’ll have to let you go!”  Again his head went under.  He held Tethina with all his might, put his every effort into keeping her above the water, but she was too strong.  He had to let her go or drown himself.
Salvation hit him squarely on the head.  It nearly knocked him senseless.  The trunk of a tree was standing in the water, and he had hit it full on.  Then the river nearly sucked him under it before he was able to shift his grip from Tethina.  He clasped the trunk and looked for her.  She clung to a branch, sputtered, wiped the water from her face, then examined her surroundings with wide eyes. 
“We’re okay,” Dasen assured.  “You had a close call, but it’s okay now.”
Tethina just nodded and clung to the tree like an infant to its mother.  Dasen strengthened his grip against the current flowing under the tree and considered.  He was hanging on a large fir that had grown too close to the river and tumbled into the water with its dislocated roots still clinging to the bank.  Just enough of the tree now stuck out of the water to give Dasen a good lump and stop their progress down the river.  The tree trunk ran all the way to the bank a dozen or more paces away.  They could climb it to safety, but it was on the wrong side of the river.  They would be trapped on the western bank with no way across except the bridge in Randor’s Pass.
A look across the river showed a logging camp.  Where there should have been trees stood only stumps.  A small wooden jetty had been placed in the water so the loggers could maneuver the trees down the river.  If they could get across to that, they could easily climb out.  There might even been shelter and food in the camp.  Maybe even men who could help them.  If he could get Tethina to calm down, they might be able to kick their way across.  He looked toward her, hoping to share his plan, but she was gone.
His heart raced.  Had she been sucked back into the river?  He search and found her just in time to see her bound across the last ten feet of the log, leap from the roots, and stumble through a patch of brambles out of sight.  He cursed silently but hoisted himself onto the log and followed.  Feeling every one of his countless injuries, he crawled down the log on his hands and knees until he was on firm, dry ground.  Another moment was spent steadying himself as it suddenly felt like the river had turned his entire body into water.  Finally, he looked for Tethina and found her on the other side of the brambles, sitting in a small clearing with her head down, back to him, weeping silently.  She looked dreadful.  The tattered dress clung to her.  Water flowed from her tangled hair.  Her legs, sticking out from under the blue dress, were lined with scratches.  One of her small feet was bare.  Her shoulders shook, but she did not make a sound.
Watching her, Dasen felt his heart break.  It had only been a day, but he suddenly felt closer to Tethina than to any other person in the world.  Suddenly, he knew what it was to want to hold someone, to drive away their pain and fear, to protect them from all the hurt and sorrow of the world.  His sympathy mixed with his fear, pain, and fatigue to leave him on the verge of his own tears.  He moved through the brambles, ignoring the way the thorns grabbed at his legs, and knelt beside her.  He placed his hand on the side of her head, ran it down her face in a comforting gesture.  Her eyes rose, and his hand froze on her cheek.  Suddenly, he could not move.  Could not see, breathe, hear, or speak.  All he could do was look into Tethina’s stormy-blue eyes.  Eventually, it seemed an eternity, she pulled herself up, wrapped her arms around him, and held him in a desperate embrace as she unleashed her sorrow on his shoulder.  
Dasen was stunned.  He had started to think that she was incapable of emotion, but she buried her face into his shoulder and shook from her tears.  He reached his arm around her slim figure and pulled her closer still.  His other hand went to her head and stroked back her wet hair.  He tried to think of comforting words.  None would come.
They held each other for a long time in the twilight of the forest until Tethina's tears faded.  She pulled her head away from his shoulder, running her cheek along his until she stopped with their faces inches apart.  Dasen looked into her eyes and ran his hand along her face.  As their mouths met, Dasen closed his eyes and cautiously kissed his wife.  
The kiss was tentative, little more than a peck, but it grew in intensity as their inhibitions were lost.  They replaced their miseries with that warm embrace, and though it was clumsy, neither of them knew any better.  In that moment, there was no pain, no fear.  The men in the village were forgotten, the fiery coach was ages away, and the river sounded like a symphony rather than a monster that had nearly killed them only minutes before.  The moment was wonderful.
It was also short lived.  Tethina jumped back without warning and pushed Dasen away from her with frightful force.  He fell backward and lay reeling.  He looked at her for an explanation but found only reprisal in her cold eyes.  What had he done?  Had he touched her the wrong way?  Had he pressed himself too close?  Had he accidentally bitten her tongue or lip?  She had seemed to find no protest before that moment, so what had changed?  He rattled through questions.  His tongue, still burning, stumbled to say anything at all.
Tethina glared at him.  The same look, he realized, that he had seen in the coach.  But this had been her as much as him.  He had not done anything to force her.  He had not touched anything but her back, had done nothing more than kiss her and received the same in return. 
"What do you think you were doing?” Tethina finally asked, her voice as hard and sharp as her eyes.  “What made you think you could kiss me like that?  Just because you pulled me out the river doesn’t mean I’ll lay with you here in some clearing.  What is wrong with you?”  She paused as if she actually expected him to answer, but he could not make a sound, let alone words.  “Well, I will tell you something, if that’s the kind of reward you expect, then next time you can leave me in the river!  Understand?"
Dasen did not.  He did not understand a single word she had said, but they hit him like stones.  Stunned, he looked for an explanation in her cool eyes, but nothing was offered beyond the same hard stare.  Finally, he stopped stammering and simply turned away.  There was nothing he could say, so he just fought to conceal his pain, to remain upright despite a world that seemed intent on crushing him.  Most of all, he fought to forget the way that kiss had felt.  The last was the most difficult by far. 
Choking back tears with grinding teeth, Dasen felt all the compassion he had felt a minute ago turning into bile.  She was nothing but a mean-spirited, heartless beast.  No wonder the villagers hated her.  How could anyone love her?  Teeth clenched, face set, he rose to his feet – a difficult task given the fatigue that gripped his muscles to the point of shaking – and returned her cold stare with one of his own.  He had been nothing but caring, had done nothing to deserve her scorn, and he refused to let her believe otherwise.  He would not apologize this time.  Let the vile girl hate him.  He had done nothing wrong.    
Tethina held his eyes for a long time before even her resolution began to waver.  Her bottom lip crept up under her teeth, and she turned away.  "Well, come on.  We can’t just sit here all night.”



Chapter 14


Pine needles stabbed the bottom of Teth’s foot with every other step, but she just kept walking, walking away from the river and from Dasen.  She could feel his eyes boring into her as if trying to blame her for what had happened.  Shoes or no, she was not going to put up with that.  The boy was lucky that she had lost her knife in the river, or she would have . . . .   
She realized that she did not know what she would have done, but she knew that it would have been unpleasant.  She could not believe his audacity.  If any of the village boys had tried that – and upon occasion they had – she would have broken their fingers – and upon occasion she had.  So why could she still feel his arms holding her, his lips, his. . . .  She stopped herself right there and expelled the thoughts from her mind.  Certainly, it had been nice for a moment, but she knew enough about boys to know that they never had just kissing in mind.  Kissing only opened their minds to other things, and Dasen’s mind was already far too open.
Turning her attention to the task at hand, she realized that she had come to a stop for dread of the next step.  Her right foot already ached from the few barefoot steps she had taken, and her eyes were searching without luck for somewhere soft to end the next.  Everything around her seemed to have a sharp point, and they were all pointing up.  
"Aren’t you going the wrong direction?”  Dasen yelled from behind her.  “We’re on the wrong side of the river.  We need to swim across to the logging camp.  They may have food and shelter there.”  
Teth cut off her search to glower at him.  “Since when do you have any idea where we are?  We are right where we should be.  Besides, the Exiles couldn’t get me back in that river.  If you want to swim, and end up half-way down the river, be my guest, but good luck getting anywhere without me.”
Dasen huffed, obviously considering his argument.  Teth watched him with arms across her chest, expression flat.  “So how do you plan on getting across the river?” he finally asked.  “What are you planning to walk across the bridge into the arms of the bandits?”
Teth snorted.  “This is the forest, not your university.  You’re not the smartest person in the room anymore.  In fact, you’re an imbecile.  You don’t know a damned thing, and the sooner you realize that, the better off you’ll be.  This is my world.  I am the professor here.  If I say we are where we need to be, you believe it.  You nod and follow.  Or I leave you here to starve.  Got it?”
Dasen recoiled.  His teeth clenched.  He drew the breath to continue.  Teth squared her shoulders, ready to fight.  She held every card.  He was as good as dead without her, but he was a boy, so he would still have to argue, would have to feel like he was in charge, like he was the one saving them.  Well, she wasn’t going to stand for it.  She was too tired to save them and stroke his pathetic ego at the same time.  
“Whatever you say, then.”  Dasen’s eyes blazed.  His mouth twisted with anger, but his voice remained low.  “You’re right.  We’re in your world, but just remember, it won’t always be this way.  Someday, we’ll be back in my world, and you’re going to want my help.”  His eyes never left hers as he walked past, brushing her rudely aside as he did.  “Come on, then.  If you know so much, lead!”
Watching his square back bobbing through the trees before her, bum knee making the defiance of his stride into a stagger, Teth felt all the air leave her.  She choked as surely as if she were back in the river.  What have I done?  By the Order, he hates me.  She had turned him completely against her just as she had the villagers.  It was starting all over again.  
“Are you coming?” Dasen yelled from in front of her.  “Apparently, I am an imbecile, so where are you professor?”
Teth sniffed then strengthened her resolve.  The last thing she could do was show him that he had struck a nerve.  He could not know her weakness.  She took a deep breath, gathered herself, and strode after him.  Her bare foot came down on a sharp rock that had been hidden by needles.  She pitched forward, lost her balance, and landed in a puddle of mud.  Unhurt, she pulled herself up and wiped the muck from her hands.  The event was not traumatic, but it crushed her fragile façade and left her on the verge of tears.  
That was until she heard Dasen laughing.  The sound of his forced cackle made her jaw clinch tight.  She cast him an icy glare that just brought more peals of laughter.  “Professor, may I ask how wallowing in the mud will get us to safety?  I know I’m just a . . . .”
“Shut up!” Teth yelled.  She rose to her feet, wiped the mud from her hands, and ignored the rough ground as she closed the distance between them.  Her voice turned low and venomous.  “You know, I could have laughed when you fell.  I could have left you lying there in the mud for those men, but I went back for you and risked my life to do it.”  
“Well, don’t forget that I saved you from the river.”
“Which we wouldn’t have been in if it wasn’t for you!”  Teth’s voice echoed through the forest.  She did not notice the volume.  She was enraged.  “And now we have no chance of saving my aunt.  I may never see her again. . . .  And what about the coach?  I got these by going back for you.”  She motioned to her arms.  “All I have done is save you.  I owe you nothing.  You owe me everything, so just shut up!”  She was bellowing, her face inches from his, trembling with fury.  
Finally, she backed off and dropped her voice.  “Give me your socks, and we’ll get out of here.”
Dasen stared at her as if he wanted to continue the argument but wisely did not.  He dropped his eyes to her bare foot, took a deep breath, and sat on a nearby log to pull off his boots.  He held two damp silk tubes out to her a moment later, but his eyes did not rise to meet hers.  She stood over him with her arms crossed and death in her eyes, but he did not cower.  
Teth smacked him in the arm when his boots were back on.  “Move.”  
He looked up at her, but she just held out the socks.  He rose but did not go far.  She took his place on the log, wrung the water from the socks, and pulled them onto her bare foot then doubled them back over again to give herself as many layers of protection as possible.  
She looked at the sky streaked with red and orange then the forest around them.  “I have a hunting shelter near here.  I think we can make it there before dark.”  
She hoped that she was right.  As far as she knew no one other than her and her aunt ever came to this side of the river, and the forest was dense and wild as a result.  She knew it well but also knew that it could not be treated lightly.  Even she could get lost out here.  If they were across from the logging camp, they should be close to her shelter, but until she found a landmark she could not be sure.  In the meantime, she might lead them nowhere.  And once the sun was down. . . .  Well, she’d deal with that when it happened. 
Socks in place, Teth gathered herself to go.  She felt some of her anger fading, but it was replaced by crushing fatigue, a pounding headache, and disorientation.  Apparently, she had not survived the river unscathed.  Waves of light-headedness washed over her, and she put her head in her hands to steady herself.  Her senses eventually returned, and when they did, she stood before the weakness could hit her again.  Unfortunately, she rose too fast.  Spots danced before her eyes, threatening to send her back to her seat.  
Dasen saved her with a hand on her elbow. “Are you alright?  You don’t look good, maybe we shou . . .”
“I am fine!”  She jerked her arm away.  “Have you never stood up too fast?”
Dasen did not respond.  He just watched her warily as she rubbed her head, hoping for some relief from the pounding.  "Here, take this,” he offered.  He held out a piece of the white bark she had given him earlier.
She snapped it from his hand and put it in her mouth.  Her face twisted at the taste.  She waited for him to take a larger piece for himself, and when he did not, she watched his mouth to be certain that he was not already chewing.  “Aren’t you going to have some?”
“That was the last piece, but I’ll be fine.  My headache has faded a lot.”
Teth knew he was lying.  She could see the pain reflected in his face, could keep time by the regular popping of his eyes and pursing of his mouth, and it made the bark taste even worse.  She could barely chew for the rotten way it made her feel, but she did not give in.  She had to remain strong.  If she let the boy think that she had been wrong, he would never stop lording it over her.  It would undermine every attempt she made to assert herself.  She might as well volunteer to cook his meals or polish his shoes.  
Nothing more was said.  They walked in silence from the clearing into the untouched forest.  The trees here were almost entirely conifers – pines, firs, and cedar.  They stood close together, their cascades of needles blocking out all but the barest streaks of sunlight.  As a result, the ground around the trees was largely free of vegetation, consisting primarily of a solid bed of needles over a mass of protruding roots.  Though they did not have to deal with brush, the ground was rough, uneven, and rocky.  They were close to the mountains now, and hills were steeper, cliffs and ravines were common, great slabs of granite stood out, keeping watch between the trees.  Teth led them confidently through that daunting landscape, moving easily around trees and rocks, selecting routes that wound around ravines.  And it was not long before the Order favored them.  A massive thumb of rock appeared before them, jutting out of the forest floor almost as tall as the surrounding trees.  It was the landmark Teth needed.  It meant that they were only a mile from her shelter.
Teth slowed to be certain that she had her bearings.  Seeing the landmark lightened her spirit, but the uneasiness she had experienced back at the clearing had not left.  Her head was pounding despite the higg bark, waves of exhaustion and disorientation nearly overpowered her, and she felt chills despite the warm evening.  Another of the spells set upon her, and she held the rock to keep herself from falling.  
Somewhere, it seemed distant, Dasen was asking if she was alright.  There was real concern in his voice, but she rebuked him with some snide remark, and he fell silent.  The feeling passed as quickly as it had come, and she dismissed it as exhaustion.  In any case, she told herself, they would be at the shelter soon.
They continued from there at an uneasy pace.  The forest was rough, and neither of them was in any condition to move quickly.  As they went, Teth thought back on the events by the river, on how she had ruined everything.  She had wanted that kiss as much as him, had wanted to replace her fear and heartbreak with something warm and inviting.  So why had she pushed him away, said those terrible things?  
With the thought, she looked back at Dasen.  He was stumbling loudly behind her with his head down.  He had found a stick to help his injured knee, but he still limped badly.  His breath came in pants, and he grunted with nearly every step, but he kept going.  His once pristine shirt and jacket were black with mud, his pants were tattered and bloody, and his hair clung to his face or stood on end making him look very much like a drowned rat.  
She did not look much better.  Her dress was a mud-stained rag with enough rips and tears to be scandalous.  She could feel her fine hair frizzed around her like a dandelion gone to seed.  And her arms, face, and legs were covered with scratches and bruises like a six-year-old having a bad day.
The ridiculousness of it all made her want to laugh despite herself.  Has there ever been such a day in the history of the Order?  She snorted to herself, but it was enough to draw Dasen’s attention.  Precarious balance disrupted, his foot slipped, his bum knee collapsed, and he pitched forward.  He did not fall hard, but he cried out then struggled to rise.
And Teth laughed.  She did not think it was funny, but she was so exhausted, so overwhelmed that she could not stop herself.  It was all too much, like a bad joke that wouldn’t end.  And she couldn’t wait any longer for the punch line.  She laughed because it was easier than crying, but Dasen didn’t hear it that way.
He pulled himself up, leaning heavily on a nearby tree, and glowered.  “So we’re even now.  Ha, Ha.  But let me tell you something.  I don’t have to take this from you.  The people around here may have let you get away with this charade, but you are now my wife by law, and it will end!  What in the name of the Holy Order is wrong with you?  I mean, if I’d known I was marrying a boy, I never would have come to this Order-forsaken place to start with!”  His voice rose throughout his tirade until he was yelling.  His accusing eyes pounded her.
That was not the first time Teth had heard those types of insults.  She got them almost every day from the boys in Randor’s Pass, but for some reason, they were different coming from Dasen.  They were crushing.  Her laughter stopped, and she turned before he could see the damage he’d inflicted, fought the emotions that threatened to drag her down.  Speaking, she knew, would break that dam, so she just walked away.  But she could not stop the tears that ran like cinders down her charred cheek.
Dasen sighed behind her deep and shaking.  She thought he would speak again, but he swallowed his words and followed.  
As they walked, Teth felt the dark emotions taking hold of her, building and mutating.  She released her ire on the trees, pushing branches violently to the side or breaking them off and tossing them into the forest.  Then she stopped breaking the branches.  Instead, she held them just long enough so that they would snap back and hit Dasen.  She chose routes that she knew would be difficult for him and quickened her pace as much as she could through her overbearing exhaustion in an attempt to lose him.  Much to her chagrin, he kept the pace despite his limp and simply huffed and scowled at every branch she snapped into his face.  
Another branch hit him with a thump.  He grunted, but Teth only felt sorrow.  She knew that she was only making it worse, knew that he would repay her tenfold when they reached the city.  But at that moment, she could not make herself care.  She hated him.  She dreamed of him lost in the forest and crying out for help.  Other dark thought commingled with those dreadful imaginings, thoughts about their life in the city.  As a woman, she would have no rights over a rich and powerful husband who hated her.  He would make her miserable, he had as much as said it himself.  And she was only making it worse with every branch she sent flying into his face.
She took another step.  A wave of sickness hit her.  They had been coming and going since the river, but they were more frequent now and more severe.  She stopped and leaned against a tree to keep herself from falling.  Spinning, lightheadedness, and now nausea hit her.  She shivered.  They were almost to the shelter.  She just had to hold out until then.  
Dasen came up behind her and said something she could not decipher.  She refused to let him see her falter, so she pulled herself from the tree before the spell had passed.  The resulting dizziness was worse than she had expected.  The ground spun, its speed ever-increasing.  Somewhere, Dasen asked if he could help.  She tried to assure him that she would be fine, but as soon as she opened her mouth, the ground fell from beneath her.
Dasen caught her but nearly fell himself as the weight shifted to his bad knee.  He helped her to the ground and knelt over her.  She could hear him speaking.  He sounded like he was miles away.  The world spun.  Dark spots dominated her vision, but she had to give him directions to the shelter. 
"In that direction," she mumbled and managed to point west, "there’s a wall of rock.  Against the rock is a shelter.  It’s not far.  You. . . ."  She could not remember what else she was going to say.  She watched the tops of the trees spin together until they finally met and faded to black.

#

“Could anything else go wrong today?” Dasen yelled to the heavens as Tethina’s eyes fell shut.  
She had been walking strangely for some time, but he had been too absorbed in his indignation to care.  Certainly, he regretted the things he had said, but she was so Order-cursed impossible.  He never knew where he stood or what she thought, and he was so tired that he just couldn’t play the cursed game any longer.  So he had exploded and said all the wrong things.  And she had responded by hitting him with every branch she could find until he wondered if he still had any skin on his hands or face.  
Then this.  Curse her!  Now what am I supposed to do?  He half expected she had collapsed on purpose, that it was all a ploy to show him how dependent he was.  Following that thought, he shook her shoulders and yelled, “Come on, Tethina.  This isn’t funny.  It’s almost dark, we need to get to the shelter.”
Nothing.  She was limp.  Her shoulders sagged in his hands, her head hung to the ground.  “Okay,” he continued.  “So I’m sorry.  I need you.  I can’t do this without you.  I didn’t mean it.  I was just so mad, and I . . . well, I . . . I wasn’t thinking.  I didn’t mean it.  Now, please, wake up and get us to the shelter.”
Still nothing.  Dasen looked at her long and hard.  Her face was pale despite the burns, but her cheeks were bright red.  Her eyes were shut, her mouth limp, her chest barely moved.  He felt her cheek, it was hot, burning.  By the Order, she was really sick.  He was on his own.  
He sighed and examined their surroundings.  The forest was dense and growing darker by the minute as the last shadows of twilight compounded into night.  The trees and bushes all looked the same, and he could not see more than twenty feet in any direction through the tree trunks that surrounded them.  
Doubt filled him.  He could barely support his own weight, how would he ever carry her?  What would happen if she didn’t recover?  He would be lost.  Without food or water he would be better off in the hands of the bandits.  He wanted to sit down right there and die.  He was so tired that he would have almost welcomed that solace.  
Still, she had pointed to the west.  She had said that it was not far.  There might be food and water in the shelter.  Dasen looked at the darkening sky and said another prayer, asking this time for guidance.  
He bent down and scooped up Tethina.  She was not as heavy as he had expected, but he still had trouble with his bum knee and nearly fell from the exertion.  Stabilizing himself, he held her cradled in his arms and took the first uneasy step in the direction she had pointed.  

#

The forest was decidedly dark.  Dasen could not see ten feet, but he was still walking, moving steadily in the direction he hoped would lead to the shelter.  He had shifted Tethina to his back – holding her arms over his shoulders and crouching to keep her weight on top of him.  It was not the most comfortable way to walk, but it allowed him to see what was under his feet and use a stick to support his knee.  Still, exhaustion mounted.  His legs and arms were shaking so that he thought they would give way with each successive step, and his eyelids were so heavy that he thought he might fall asleep while standing.  
His knee buckled under the pressure of another step.  He leaned on his stick to keep from falling, but Tethina nearly slid from his back.  He recovered his balance only through great effort.  The air rattled in his lungs, gasp after gasp.  His legs trembled.  He looked up to curse the heavens.  The words died on his lips.  Immediately in front of him was a wall of rock.  It had to be the wall Tethina had mentioned.  The sight gave him renewed strength.  He had to be close.  His curse turned to thanks; certainly, he could hold out long enough.  
The face of stone was nothing more than the cut-off side of a hill standing fifteen feet above the forest floor.  Dasen followed it with his eyes but could not see its end in the murky twilight.  He grew disheartened.  Trees ran all the way to the face.  It would be all but impossible to find the shelter through the gloom, but he had not come this close to fail.  He took a deep breath, gathered his strength, and followed the wall. 
Dasen shambled through the overgrown area near the rock with Tethina’s hot face resting on his shoulder.  His back ached from the exertion of carrying her dead weight.  His legs protested every step.  He expected to collapse at any second and not rise again.  To distract himself, he focused on the shelter, considering what it might look like, and allowed himself to get excited whenever he saw a bush or clump of trees that might be mistaken for his goal.  
His eyes were watching a particularly promising grove when one of his tremulous steps came down on a slick root and slid out from under him.  He tumbled face first into a pile of needles.  The needles broke his fall, but Tethina’s weight on his back almost knocked the wind from him.  He could not go another step, could not rise again if there were wolves chasing him.  He rolled Tethina off of his back so that she lay next to him, facing the sky.  They would sleep here.  Tomorrow, perhaps, they would find the shelter.
Dasen looked up, stared at the rock face.  The moon had risen above the trees and shone through the small clearing into which he had fallen.  He scanned the sheer wall, his eyes roving down its expanse, until he came to the bottom where the grey of the stone was interrupted by something out of place.  It took him longer than it should have to realize that he had found the shelter.  
It was nothing more than several thick logs leaned against the wall with thinner branches woven between them.  Pine needles and leaves covered the thing to keep out the rain, and pieces of hide hung over the entrances on either side.  The whole thing was not more than six feet long and maybe four feet high.  It did not look like much, but at that moment, Dasen was certain it was better than any palace he had ever seen.  
He somehow found the strength to gain his feet and drag Tethina the short distance to the structure.  He stumbled through the hide door and maneuvered her onto the blankets that acted as the floor.  He moved into the shelter behind her, kicking over several items as he did and finally sat on something soft.  In the pitch black, he was not certain what he had disturbed until he felt his pants grow damp.  Standing quickly, he narrowly avoided hitting his head on the cave wall above as he grasped the end of the bladder and held it up to protect the precious liquid inside.
He maneuvered in the shelter so that he was sitting next to Tethina with his back against the rock face, which was angled to create additional space within the structure, and took a long drink from the bladder.  He nearly spit the water out.  It tasted foul and stale, but he drank deeply and reminded himself that it might be the only water he would have for some time.  
When he was finished, he turned his attention to Tethina.  He pulled her the rest of the way into the shelter, found a blanket to lay over her trembling body, and felt her forehead.  It was hot.  
He knew that he had to do something.  But what?  He found another blanket and placed it over her then lifted her head and poured some water in her mouth, forcing her to drink.  She choked at first but then drank deeply even as she lay unconscious.  He struggled to think of other treatments, but his fatigue was overpowering – his eyes would scarcely stay open.  The only thing he could think was to moisten her brow, so he felt around until he found some cloth.  He poured water over it and placed it on her head.  The water quickly became warm as it drew the heat from her.  He rang it out and moistened it again.  
He repeated the process a few more times, but the water was almost gone and his need for sleep was crushing.  His eyes grew bleary, his body refused to respond to his commands, and his head drooped.  He fought to stay awake, but it felt like there were weights on his eyelids, and they slid shut time and again no matter what he did to prop them open.  It was not a fight he could win.  His eyelids came to rest for the final time.  His body eased back onto the wall of rock, his face nestled into his chest, and he was instantly asleep.



Chapter 15


Ipid looked out from the bow of a monstrous galley.  Water surrounded him in every direction as far as he could see, extending to the horizon as flat and barren as the bleakest desert, until it met an equally somber steel-grey sky that perfectly masked the sun.  Waves lapped at the sides of the motionless ship in a monotonous chorus of solitude.  There was nothing but his ship to disturb those shadowy green ripples, and they came in a steady pulse that scarcely moved the mammoth vessel. 
Turning from the wasteland surrounding him, Ipid scanned the ship that held him above it.  It was one of the largest and most beautiful he had ever seen, but it was motionless and empty, a ghost ship long abandoned.  He called to the crew.  The slap of waves answered him.  He peeked into the cabin then searched the interior with a ravenous need, but there was no indication that the ship had ever been occupied – an ornate prison built for him alone.  Pewter plates sat on tables with no sign of food and nary a scratch from fork or knife.  Ornate furniture still smelled of oil and dye.  Closets full of rich clothing crackled with starch.  The inside of the ship was every bit as opulent as the exterior and every bit as lifeless.  
He ran from the cabin in search of a reason for this ship and his purpose upon it, but when he reached the deck, the ship trembled and began to shrink.  He stared in disbelief as the ship transformed from a mighty galley into a tiny rowboat that rocked ominously under his weight.  Worrying that the precarious craft would grow smaller still, he again searched the horizon – this time for some sign of land or location.  Nothing had changed.  The horizon showed only green waves and grey sky.  For some reason, Ipid’s desperate loneliness waned, but his worry grew – the pathetic craft did not even have oars.   
As if propelled by his thoughts, the diminutive craft lurched forward, nearly sending him over the side.  The boat moved slowly at first in the direction it was already pointed, but its speed increased until he was forced to sit.  He looked around for the source of its acceleration but was left wanting – no wind was blowing, no current pulled the water, and no other means of propulsion were apparent.  Still, the boat accelerated, careening toward what appeared to be only more green waves and grey sky.  With no other options available, Ipid accepted the ride, which settled into a heady clip that generated enough breeze to ruffle his hair and bring tears to his eyes.  
After what seemed a long time of watching the same lifeless horizon, he finally saw something.  He peered through the cool breeze generated by the boat’s propulsion toward the specks of brown with hope that they were ships.  The specks grew but not into ships, at least not any longer.  
The water everywhere was soon littered with the remnants of a decimated vessel, a profusion of debris.  And people.  People clung to the shattered planks.  They yelled to Ipid by name, pleaded for him, but despite all his efforts, his boat would not slow, he could not steer it, and the victims were not nearly close enough for him to reach, so he careened past the wreckage with his hand stretched in futility toward the victims and words of salvation frozen on his lips.  Their cries echoed after him until the breeze claimed them, and they were lost to all but his memory.
Shaken by the shipwreck and his inability to assist its victims, Ipid barely noticed the wind that was building beyond that created by the motion of his craft.  It increased in bursts, seeming to blow from every direction at once, but remained inconsequential compared to the boats appearing around him.  
Many of those ships had been destroyed like the one he had seen earlier.  Survivors struggled and called to him from the wreckage.  Other ships still held their passengers, but none of those was larger than his, and their passengers were all crazed.  They screamed invectives, tore at their hair, and ripped off their clothes before they dove into the water to be greeted by the dark shapes that circled beneath the surface.
The black shapes, Ipid realized, like the wind, were new.  They appeared to be very deep, but they were multiplying, like schools of sharks waiting for the first drop of bloods that would start their frenzy.  He looked around his boat and saw the same dark forms waiting for him in the murky depths.  Purest black, the things moved and shifted like vats of jelly, distorted and indefinite with no consistent features save one: row after row of sparkling razors stood out against the background of black wherever he looked, spinning around the churning shapes to always face the surface.  
The wind built to a howling gale.  The black forms multiplied until the water was composed entirely of churning black disturbed only by sterling white.  Ipid scanned the horizon again and was horrified to find his destination.  A black cloud stood on the surface of the water, dominating the horizon with an enormous funnel churning below it.  The great tornado propelled the wind to crushing extremes and pulled his boat toward it with such speed that Ipid had to brace himself against the sides, frozen with fear.  
The terrible storm soon comprised the entire sky, but as it grew, he realized that it was not a storm at all.  It was the bodies of a million creatures writhing together.  Shapeless like their brethren in the water below, the forms bubbled from the water into the maelstrom, raced through the cloud, and plummeted toward him with snapping teeth and clasping talons. 
The creatures did not get close enough to do any harm, but it did not matter.  The funnel was all that Ipid could see.  It was composed entirely of the creatures, swirling gleefully in a vortex of devastation.  Their dance did not appear to have any pattern, but as the tornado grew closer, Ipid saw an image outlined by the flow of indefinite bodies.  The shadowy face of a sinister man with white teeth curved in a menacing smile looked out at him from the center of the storm.  
The boat shattered.  Ipid was lifted from the craft and carried into the very center of the tornado, into the gaping maw of the devil.  He hit the funnel and was engulfed by the creatures.  Their tendrils tore him apart, smashed the air from his lungs, and snapped his bones.  Teeth found his arms, legs, and neck.  Talons shredded his skin and tore at his organs.  As the life left his body, he looked out across the storm one last time and was left with the perfect image of chaos dancing before his darkening eyes.

#

Ipid's eyes shot open.  He swallowed the scream that was staggering on his lips.  
The dream slowly faded, but he could still feel the teeth pushing through his skin, the tendrils crushing the life from him, the claws ripping at his guts.  Shaking off the residual terror, he shut his eyes and drew several deep breaths.  It was only a dream, he repeated to himself.  You are a grown man.  A dream cannot hurt you.  But he had never had a dream as disturbing or real as that one, had never felt the pain of a dream even after he woke.
He took another breath and opened his eyes.  He found himself in the middle of a round tent with a high ceiling supported by a single wooden pole that appeared to have been recently crafted from a nearby tree.  He was laid out on the hard ground like a sack of potatoes.  Red light filtered through the bottom of the tent suggesting that it was near sundown.   Reflexively, he brought a hand to his head and rubbed the throbbing lump that must have sent him to oblivion.  Considering the lump brought a cold wave of memories – another nightmare that exorcised the first.

I was at my table, surround by villagers all wanting something.  Dasen and Teth were away.    
Riders – from the west?  Huge men.  Chaos.  People running everywhere.  Swords drawn.  Killing, Indiscriminate killing.  By the Order, such brutality.  
Where are my guards?  Elton, where is that cursed Morg? Dead, already dead.  On the ground with countless arrows piercing him, a knife clutched in his big hand. 
Panic becomes fear.  People herded together.  Fear, paralyzing, barely bridled.  Fire in the village.  No one moves.
Somehow, I was at the front.  "Please, no more.  I'm the one you want!"
No response.
Confusion.  Foreign language?  Foreign dress?  So many?  How?  Why?  
Waiting.  Children crying, men whimpering.  More questions.  No answers.  Smoke all around.
A young man appears.  "I'm the one you want.  Leave them alone!"  
A response, but what language is that?  Riders upon me.  "No!"  
Darkness.

I'm alive, Ipid told himself when the memories ended.  He was not sure that he believed it.  Alive for what?  Ransom.  And the villagers?  Dasen?  He had no answers and only one way to learn.  
Ipid rose to his knees, explored his surroundings, and was frozen by a movement in the shadows.  Less than an arm’s length away was his captor looking down at him from a collapsible stool.  Ipid filtered through the shadows surrounding the man’s face and recognized him as the one he had seen earlier, the last face he had seen before the world went dark.  He watched his captor carefully, but the young man did not appear to notice him.  He sat unmoving, puffing on Ipid’s own long-stemmed pipe.  The smell of the smoke drifting from the pipe revealed that it was the fine Blyth blend that had been in his pocket.  
Anger rushed through Ipid at the thought of this man smoking his tobacco in his pipe.  He nearly made a point of it before he realized how petty an issue it was given the autocracies this animal had already committed.  With effort, he choked back his indignation and looked instead at the man.  
From what he could see through the shadows – beyond the red glow at the bottom of the tent, the space was lit only by a single candle on a small table – the man was big but not as large as he remembered from the green.  He was also younger than Ipid would have expected, likely in his late twenties.  He was handsome with a solid physique, short sandy hair, and well-proportioned features, but most surprising was the way he looked at his captive.  He watched Ipid with the aloof disregard of a king facing his lowliest peasant 
Ipid did not appreciate that look.  No matter how this petty criminal thought he had turned the tables, Ipid was an important man, so he positioned himself to confront the overblown cutpurse.  He did not rise above his knees, but he stiffened his back and planted his fists on his hips.  He put on his sternest possible glare and locked eyes with the young man.  The bandit’s expression did not change. 
Ipid was stunned by the man’s restraint.  Surely, he was dying to share the details of his plan, to gloat over the capture of one of the world’s wealthiest men.  Ipid was likewise ravenous for information about his son, Tethina, Rynn, and the villagers, but the silence stretched until it was obvious that Ipid would have to speak first.  "I think we both know why you are here, so you might as well dispatch with the drama.”  
The man didn't even twitch.  
“What have you done with the villagers?  I am the one you want, so if you leave them be, I will cooperate as best I can.”  Another pause.  
The bandit just sat there – a statue except for the puffs he drew from the pipe.  
"You know that the forest masters will find you.  Even if you get the money, how far do you think you will get with it?  Now, if you let me and the villagers go and leave immediately, you may be able to escape the noose, but if you continue with this, I guarantee that it will take you sooner or later."  When there was still no response, Ipid’s words sputtered out leaving him lolling like a half-wit.  
The bandit struck.  His hand flew across the space separating them.  A backhanded blow sent Ipid to the ground with his ears ringing and a tendril of blood seeping from the side of his mouth.  
After a minute to recover, Ipid brought himself back up and glared.  It was met by another blow, harder than the first.  Still, the man did not change his expression or posture even as he struck.  Nothing but his hand moved, and it came so fast that it seemed like an illusion.  He did not even miss a beat in the steady workout that he was giving the long-stemmed pipe. 
Ipid spent a long moment on the ground soothing his temper after the second blow, and when he rose, he tried to look meek.  He kept his hands open in his lap, his head down, and his eyes passive.  He did not speak and fought the terrible temptation to rub the painful bruise that was forming around his eye.  The new posture had the desired result.  The outlaw’s mouth crept up around the pipe stem, and he nodded in approval.  
The smile made Ipid relax, but it was betrayed by the whistle of a blade released from its sheath.  The sword hummed through the air and stopped at Ipid’s throat.  Its razor point pricked his skin, and he jerked back reflexively.  The sword followed and transformed the prick into a trickle of blood that ran down his neck onto the collar of his shirt.  Amazingly, the man on the stool brandished the long blade without seeming to move at all.  The sword had appeared out of nowhere, and even as he held it, he sat in the same relaxed position, the pipe clinched between his teeth.  
Ipid could not remember ever having been so still – he did not breathe.  His eyes darted from man to blade and back again.  One wrong move and his throat would be slashed, but the bandit acted as if nothing was happening at all.  He moved his free hand to the pipe and pulled it from his lips sending tendrils of smoke boiling from his mouth.  He rose, holding the sword with a precision that would shame the best surgeon in Liandrin, and began to speak.  
Ipid did not understand a word he said.  The language was like none that he had ever heard.  He assumed that it was a code language.  But why use a code language with just him in the room?  It didn’t make any sense.  The man spoke only a few sentences by Ipid calculation then asked, "Yahthu ti?"  He nodded as if expecting an answer.  Ipid took the phrase to mean, "Do you understand?"  
He had not understood a word, but the meaning was clear: the man had only contempt for him and would have no problems killing him like a rat he had found in his pantry.  Ipid carefully nodded, still wary of the sword at his throat.  The bandit smiled again and patted him on the bottom of the chin with his blade before sliding it into the sheath at his side.  Ipid’s hands went to his throat to stanch the stream of blood, but he had received worse from his barber.  He marveled at the bandit’s control.  
Beyond confusion, Ipid looked at his captor, hoping that he would explain the joke, but the young man was pounding the ash from the pipe as if his captive no longer existed.  He placed the instrument on the table with casual disinterest before returning his pale eyes to Ipid.  
Ipid suddenly wished that he could disappear.  The young man’s green eyes were hard and unforgiving, but far more frightening was the power reflected in those eyes.  This man knew power.  Far more than just the power over life and death – though that was part of it – this man knew what real power was, the kind that kings held and lesser men coveted.  Worse yet, he knew that he possessed that power.  A shiver rose up Ipid’s spine.  He needed no more proof that this man was far more than a common thug, and for the first time, he was truly afraid.
“A - rin.”  The man pointed to himself with an assertive gesture.  His voice was rich, strict, and disciplined.  Power flowed even from those two syllables.  
Ipid guessed that the man was giving his name.  He tried to respond to the gesture without revealing his crushing fear.  "Arin is your . . . ."  
A fist hit him between the eyes.  
The blow left Ipid on the edge of consciousness, and it was a long time before he was able to sit again.  When he did rise, holding his hands up to ward off another attack, the man, Arin, gestured to him then back to himself and made a yapping movement with his hand.  He repeated the gesture, but Ipid was too dazed to understand.  Arin made one more attempts.  When there was still no sign of recognition, he struck. 
Ipid felt his now split lip swelling as he pulled himself from the ground.  Arin made the same gesture.  This time he accompanied it with "Arin va Uhram Tavuh.”
The strange ritual was finally clear.  The man's name was Arin, but Ipid was to use his full title to address him.  At least, Ipid hoped that was correct.  He built himself up and tried it.  "Arin va Uh-ram Ta-vu."  He stumbled over the unfamiliar words but kept his head low in an attempt to look humble as he spoke.  He expected to receive another cuffing for the effort and was braced for it, but it did not come.  
His eyes rose.  Arin was smiling.  The young man gestured toward him and waited for a response.  The answer was obvious, but how could this bandit not know the name of his captive.  "Ipid Ron. . . ."
An open hand landed across Ipid’s cheek.  It was not as hard as the other blows he had received, but it struck a tender area and stung enough to bring small tears.  
When he had recovered, Arin pointed at him and said, "Te-adeate Ipid."  
Ipid guessed that he had a title as well, though the way Arin said the words, it was not a coveted one.  He pointed at himself and repeated the title and name.  The effort earned him another smile.
Arin considered his captive for a long time after that, weighing him with his eyes, then turned to the small table at his side.  He produced a simple wooden writing instrument, a leather-bound book, and a bottle of what appeared to be ink and handed them to Ipid, who was thoroughly confused.  It appeared that this man did not speak the common Imperial tongue, which was not unheard of in some corners of the world but exceedingly rare in the Kingdoms.  The man and his followers could come from the swamps and jungles of Sylia, Ipid supposed, but that was far away and these men certainly did not look like the small, brown Sylians Ipid had seen.  Or they could be Morgs.  But Morgs that rode horses and didn’t wear beards?
"Te-adeate Ipid.”  Arin pointed to the book, cutting Ipid’s contemplation short.  The gesture was obvious, so Ipid wrote the words at the top of the first page, pausing only to consider the spelling of te-adeate.  Arin grabbed the book when he was finished, studied the words, then scribbled next to them.  When the book was returned, five unrecognizable characters were scrawled next to Ipid’s name.  
Arin did not give him a chance to study those characters.  "Arin va Uhram Tavuh."  Ipid made his best guess on the spelling of the words and handed the book back to Arin.
The strange lesson carried on like that for some time with Arin pointing at objects around the tent and giving them a name in his language.  Ipid would reply with the translation, write the word on the page, and hand it to Arin, who would add one or two characters of his own.  Ipid was beaten if he misunderstood one of Arin’s cryptic gestures – making the lesson like a cruel version of a child’s guessing game – but they went through objects, then to actions, and finally colors and sizes without breaks until Ipid was on the verge of hysteria. 
When Ipid did not think that he could take any more, a man interrupted the lesson with a plate of food, but it was not the meat, cheeses, and bread that caught Ipid’s attention.  The man was as large as any he had ever seen, bigger even than Elton.  He had to hunch to stand in the tent, and his body seemed to fill the entire space.  He was both tall and broad with hulking arms and chest.  His hands were as big as the dinner plate he carried – proportioned for the pommel of the enormous sword that was slung across his back.  His face was marked by a long mustache that was braided through with strips of dark leather and ornamented with red beads.  His steel-grey hair was also long, hanging past his shoulders in another set of small braids that were pulled back into one tight clump.  A long scar ran across the length of his face disturbing what would have been bold features.  
The giant did not look like any man Ipid had ever seen, and that just added to his confusion.  He was already bewildered as to why a bandit king would kidnap one of the wealthiest men in the world in order to receive a language lessons.  What’s more, the language that Arin spoke was not only unknown to Ipid, it was unlike any he had ever heard, and the symbols he wrote in the book were equally foreign.  To this point, Ipid had been too busy worrying about Arin’s pantomimes to consider these oddities, but now that he was putting them together, he knew that something strange was happening in Randor’s Pass.  The only reasonable explanation was that these men were. . . .
A sharp kick in the mid-section dispelled any thoughts Ipid might have had regarding the raiders’ origin.  The blow caught him completely off guard and knocked the wind out of him so thoroughly that he was turning blue before he managed a gasping breath.  
Ipid lay on the ground, breathing deeply between retches as Arin ate.  When he was finished, he laid the scraps in front of Ipid’s nose, but despite his suddenly ravenous hunger, Ipid had not lost his dignity.  He turned his nose up at the scraps.  He expected another beating as payment, but it did not come.  The plate was simply removed as if it had never been offered.
The language lessons continued for hours after that until Arin was attempting simple sentences.  The young man had an incredible memory that only needed to hear a word once to store it seemingly forever.  Ipid was not so quick, and Arin reminded him of his shortfalls with a long stick that he had procured after the meal.  He used the stick to whip his teacher across the arms and back whenever he failed to remember a word or understand a gesture, and by the end of the night, Ipid was covered with welts.  
Ipid was eventually so sore and tired that he could no longer think.  He was certain that if Arin hit him one more time he would breakdown – even the thought of the stick left him on the verge of tears.  Arin must have seen the same thing.  In the night’s only act of compassion, he cut off Ipid’s shaking recitation of the words they had covered.  "Stop!  Te-adeate Ipid sleep."  
Arin pushed back the flap of the tent and said a few words to the guard outside.  Ipid almost wept in relief until the man who had brought the food ducked into the tent and lifted him by the collar of his shirt.  The huge guard carried him easily, but the grip he used caused the shirt to cinch around his throat like a noose.  He tried to bring his legs under him, but they had been asleep for hours, and he could not hope to make them function.  The huge man mercilessly dragged him gagging and sputtering across the village to a large sheep pen where the other villager were housed and haphazardly added him to their number.   
Ipid landed on several motionless bodies, which burst to life, yelled in pain, and pushed him away.  When they saw who it was, they retracted, looked at him with a mix of fear and revulsion, eyes blaming him, begging him to leave.  He apologized to those he had disturbed and stumbled off, with his legs still half-asleep, in search of an open space in the crowded pen. The crowd retracted from him like a plague carrier then left him a space near the edge of the pen where only those who were unable to move remained anywhere near him.
He had just curled into a ball when a soft hand pressed on his shoulder.  He shook in fear that it was the guard, but when he looked up, cowering, it was Rynn’s tight smile that greeting him.  The boy looked awful.  His face was splattered with grime, his shoulder-length brown hair was tangled and matted, and his entire body trembled beneath his filthy, but once fine, clothes.  Whatever Ipid had been through, it looked like Rynn had received worse.  Nonetheless, the sight of him brought a small smile to Ipid’s battered face.  
To Ipid’s surprise, Rynn did not speak immediately.  He just sat and looked at him as if he might disappear.  Then, when he finally found his voice, the words were distant whispers.  "Lord Ronigan, sir, it’s . . . it's good to see that . . . that you’re still alive.  I . . . I feared the worst when I couldn’t find you.”  The boy shook violently, and his eyes watched the guard near the gate of the pen with rabid fear.  “One of the villagers said . . . well . . . that the leader of these animals went after you.  And when that happens, there usually isn't . . . isn't much left of the person."  Rynn laughed nervously.  His eyes shifted.  The laugh made Ipid look at the boy twice.  It smacked of madness.  
"We’ve been in this pen all night,” Rynn almost chuckled.  “They just crammed us in here and left us . . . left us with this one guard, but . . . but no one dares to run.  No one's that brave.  Not . . . not after what’s happened.”  He paused again and looked at Ipid as if he might question his courage.  Ipid tried to reassure the boy with a tight smile and a nod.  “When they were herding us into the pen, everyone was afraid, but whenever anyone talked or cried out, they just . . . they just cut them down.  Women and children too, anyone who made the slightest sound, they cut ‘em down without . . . without even blinking."  Rynn’s face crumbled.  He turned from Ipid and shook with ragged sobs.  
Ipid realized that he might have had the easy part of the day.  These people had known terror far worse than anything he had experienced.  By the Blessed Order, children too?  He had known that they were dealing with a brutal bunch, but he had not expected anything like that.  He put his arms around Rynn in an attempt to comfort him.  The boy tried to escape the embrace, but Ipid did not let go.  He pulled him close and tried to ignore the pain in his arms where he had been whipped.  
"They just killed people.”  Rynn shook.  His words were a mumble in Ipid’s chest.  “I was so scared that all I could do was walk.  A woman next to me.  They hit her . . . hit her right in the head with one of those sword.  Her head . . . .  The blood hit me . . . all I could do was walk . . . ."
Ipid tightened his arms around Rynn and stroked his hair.  He made quiet noises telling him to stop.  When his sobs eased, he pulled the boy away and looked at him.  His eyes were damp with tears; they looked distant and dead.  "Listen to me, Rynn.  I know you saw some terrible things today, and I don't want you to ever forget those things.  Keep those images, those people with you, but don't let them destroy you.  Let them power you.”  He looked at Rynn to be certain he was listening.  “These bastards may treat us like less than animals, but we cannot let them convince us that they are right.  You have to be strong, Rynn.  Put today behind you, but never forget that woman.  Don't let her die in vain.  Make her part of you, let her give you strength."  
Some of the distance faded from Rynn's eyes as Ipid spoke, and his tears began to dry.  When he finished, some rigidity had returned to his body, and a new determination seemed to take hold of him.  Ipid hoped it would be enough.  
He brought Rynn to him in another embrace then pushed him away.  "Now, go.  Get some sleep.”  He tried to sound fatherly and sure.  “You will need it tomorrow.  Go ahead.  Put this terror behind you and sleep."
Rynn looked like he wanted to speak, but Ipid held up his hand and motioned him away.  He did not want the boy around when these bastards came for him in the morning.  There was a chance they would see the fine cut of his clothes and realize his value.  He was safer as an anonymous villager, so Ipid sent him away, denied his own desire for companionship.  The boy nodded, stood on shaking legs, and wove through the villagers to the far side of the pen.  
Ipid sat back in the mud feeling the cold of the night return.  He had to remember what he had told Rynn as well.  Now was not a time for tears or regrets, now was a time to survive, to survive and remember.



Chapter 16


The morning light drifted through the tiny cracks in the shelter where Dasen and Teth silently slept.  The sun maintained the warmth of summer with only a few high clouds to break its luster.  Despite that heat, birds sang and squirrels played in the trees.  As far as they were concerned, this day was the same as any other, and it was good to be alive.  
The rains of a few days before had left everything green, lush, alive.  In the distance, the water from that rain ran into a river, which flowed into another and another until it boiled into the endless seas.  Those rivers did not stop on this day or any other.  They did not care who they buried or what they washed away.  The rivers simply were and always would be.
The trees along the banks of those rivers stood tall and proud sucking in the warmth.  One day they would be covered with winter’s snow, but that day seemed far away.  For the moment, birds sang to them, squirrels played in their branches, and the sun was never ending.  Some of those trees would die, lost to winds, water, fire, or a thousand other catastrophes, and when they had gone, new ones would take their places.  So the cycle went: death replaced by life, falling into death again.  It did not stop on this day or any other.  It played no favorites, made no favors.  It simply was and always would be.  
Those trees stretched on to the west where they met the mountains whose unyielding power had stood for thousands of years.  They would stand for thousands more as a barrier to all who dared cross them.  They welcomed the challengers and defeated most, but they did not celebrate their victories or mourn their defeats.  They were cold and solitary, not knowing, not caring.  They too simply were and always would be.
It was the order of the world.  Nature had its ways, its formulas, and those did not change for man.  They did not alter when men killed one another in war or when they laughed together in peace.  Those patterns had been set when the world was created.  Men were a small factor in their outcomes.  They lived with the laws or were run asunder by them.  The Order did not concern itself with them either way.
Thus it was, on that pristine morning, that Dasen found himself floating above it all.  Below him were the trees, the rivers, the mountains, the whole world stretched out clear and bright.  He floated higher and higher taking in more and more of the view until he realized that he could understand, could see all of the patterns for which men had searched from the beginning of time.  They were simply laid out before his unbelieving eyes.  He studied those patterns, began to understand them, and realized that he was no longer seeing trees, rivers, and mountains; he saw formulas.  A great myriad of formulas covered the whole of his vision.  Incredibly complex, they overlapped, sharing variables in a great spider’s web of interdependencies.  He could not hope to understand them, but he found that if he concentrated, he could bring the formulas to him, could even change them.  
As an experiment, he concentrated on the formula for a river.  It appeared before him, he changed one of the coefficients, and the river flowed away from the sea.  He grabbed another formula, made another change, and clouds drew moisture out of the ground instead of depositing it.  Another formula, and fire radiated cold that froze everything near it.  He soon understood how to read the formulas and control the changes he was making: men became pregnant, fish came on to the land while land animals moved below the waves, mountains grew not up but into gapping valleys.  Finally, he found the formula for life itself: there was no more death, people came back from the dead, new lives were created, healthy people died for no reason. . . .
He had lost control.  The formula was changing without him, transmuting on its own.  He tried to hold it together, to reverse the changes he had made, but the coefficients were changing too fast, rattling through a thousand combinations of life and death.  He fought to regain control and discovered that all of the formulas were changing.  The alterations were random and the more he fought to restore them, the faster they changed.  He worked franticly to repair what he had done, but the damage only got worse until the formulas flew apart, scattering their coefficients.  
And he was the cause.  The very fabric of the world was rotting in his hands, and the more he tried to hold it together, the more it crumbled.  Searching for an escape, he looked out and found himself at the center of a vortex of shattered formulas and errant coefficients.  The formulas collapsed on him then scattered in disarray.  He was tearing them apart, destroying the bonds that held the world together.  Where there had been order, there was chaos, and he was its lord, the eye of the storm, the pitch of battle, the heart of revolution, the death of understanding.  
He threw his arms out in futility, but it was too late.  The formulas smashed together on top of him.  The sun blinked out, and the world shattered into all the pieces of the order he had destroyed.

#

“Dasen, wake up!” delivered him from the nightmare.  Tethina yelled and shook him back to consciousness.  
“Alright, I’m awake!” he called.  
Tethina stopped, looked at him to confirm that he was awake, and dropped back onto the floor of the shelter.  “It’s about time," she moaned.  "I don’t know what kind of a dream you were having, but you almost kicked me in the face with all the flailing.”
Dasen tried to remember the dream, but Tethina’s assault had dispersed it so that all he remembered was a feeling of futility and tremendous dread.  “I can’t even remember what it was.  Sorry.”  He suddenly remembered what had happened the night before and added, “How are you feeling?”
“I feel like I fought a bear and lost.”  That was about the only thing they hadn’t done the previous day, Dasen thought as he put his hand on her forehead.  It felt normal.  “What’s the prognosis, doctor?”
Dasen snatched his hand back at the sight of Tethina's cold eyes – he also remembered how they had left things and obviously, so did she.  “You fainted last night.  You had a fever.”
“I remember.”  Tethina managed to sound ominous even as she spoke through a yawn.  “There should be a bag of water around here somewhere.  Can you find it?  I’m really thirsty.”
“It’s almost gone.”  Dasen held up the bag. 
She took it anyway.  Dasen could only smack his dry lips as she finished it.  She made a face then handed the bag back to him.  “That was awful.  We’re going to need some more.  I’m really weak.  Do you think you can manage?  The stream is easy to find.”
Dasen nodded.  “I suppose, but what is the plan?  We need to get to the forest masters.  The bandits could already be moving my father and Rynn.”
“Not today,” Tethina mumbled.  “I can barely move.”  Her words slurred as she fell back toward sleep.  Then she roused herself and finished, “There’s a path outside the shelter.  It’ll take you right to the st. . . .”  The final word faded as her eyes drifted closed.
Just great! Dasen thought.  Who knows where the bandits are or what they’re doing?  And here we are stuck on the wrong side of the river.  And Tethina is worthless.  She can’t stay awake long enough to give me directions, so how many days will it be until she can walk?  And what will we do until then?  Apparently water is close by, but what will we do about food?  If the bandits don’t get us, we’ll by-the-Order starve.  He took a deep breath to calm his spiraling sense of dread. 
Well, a voice told him, isn’t that what you wanted, a wife like any other, a woman dependent on you?  He snorted at the irony.  It was just his luck to get exactly what he wanted at the very moment it would kill him.  With the thought, he watched his sleeping wife.  She had a blanket pulled up over her shoulders despite the heat that was already building inside the shelter.  She lay on her side with fine auburn hair splayed across her face.  He watched what he could see, her lips, the freckles scattered across her nose, her sharp chin and thought about their kiss, the way her body had felt pressed against his, the way her lips had felt on his, her tongue.  
He felt himself getting uncomfortable and decided that he best get out of the shelter before Tethina woke up and saw him staring.  So, with great effort, he rose and literally stumbled from the shelter.  
From one knee – his other was still far too sore to kneel on – he laboriously and agonizingly rose bit by bit to standing.  Every inch of his body bemoaned the effort.  He could not ever remember being so sore.  His back and neck stabbed at him from spending the night against the angled wall of rock.  His head pounded.  His knee was stiff, sore, and swollen.  And every muscle ached beyond anything he had ever felt.  All told, he wanted nothing more than to curl up in a ball and go back to sleep.  He could not imagine walking, let alone trekking back through the forest that surrounded him.
The sun overhead showed how tired he had been.  It stood well above the trees in a perfect blue sky that did not betray any of the previous day’s misery.  Somehow, the beautiful day seemed wrong.  It felt like nature itself should be acknowledging the hardships they had faced.  Dasen drew a deep breath and tried not to think about his father, Rynn, or the harrowing events that had brought him here.  
To keep his mind from those traps, he scanned his surroundings.  The clearing was a half-circle about twenty feet in diameter.  A small pit ringed with rocks was in its center.  A crude hammock – a piece of tarp tied between two trees – hung to the side.  The shelter stood behind him, but it was otherwise empty.  The backdrop to the scene was fifteen feet of sheer rock in one direction and the tangled forest in the other.  It was an imposing location, and he marveled at how Tethina had managed to find it, build a shelter on it, and return to it again and again.  For a man to do something like this would be strange, for a girl it was sheerest lunacy.  The absurdity of it boggled him almost as much as the fact that he was now joined to that girl.
He spotted the head of the trail Tethina had mentioned very near the place where he had emerged the night before.  He stumbled toward it, cursing silently with each ill-formed step.  Muscles stiffened to the point of near immobility, he looked like a poorly made, grunting mannequin lumbering through the clearing.  He wondered for a second if he could have used the trail the night before but was relieved to see that it cut in the opposite direction, heading west and south.  
He did find his walking stick from the previous night and, with much effort, retrieved it.  With the stick to support his knee, he started down the trail and found that, unlike the previous day, this trail was a good one.  It was somewhat rough where the rains had washed it out, but it was wider and largely clear of obstructions so that he could at least see what he was tripping over.  As he walked, he kept his eyes open for some of the white trees – higg trees Tethina had called them – that they had found the day before, and it was only a few hundred yards before a clump of them appeared beside the trail.  Dasen practically ran to the first of them and cut away a large piece of bark with the small knife he had found in the shelter.  He cut off a corner and started chewing.  The flavor was horrific, but he forced himself to swallow the acrid juice and felt almost instant relief for his body’s myriad complaints.  
All the complaints, that was, except the rumbling hole in his middle.  Chewing the bark made him think of real food, and his stomach released spasms of displeasure that momentarily overwhelmed his other pains.  For a man who has nothing, time can either feed him or starve him.  One of Ipid’s favorite phrases strengthened Dasen's resolve at the same time it gave him a pang of worry for his father and Rynn.  It also reminded him of the events that had brought him here, and he felt fear bubble inside him.  Could the raiders be looking for him?  Were they out there in the trees right now searching?  Would they suddenly appear, waving swords and firing arrows?
Heart suddenly hammering he watched the trees but saw nothing that could substantiate his worries.  You have to keep going, he told himself.  If they come there’s nothing you can do.  But if you stand here paralyzed, they’ve already won.  Just forget about them.  You can only fight one battle at a time and survival is the one that needs fighting now.
Taking another deep breath, he scanned the trees one last time and forced his mind to his father’s advice.  He continued walking and watched for the few edible berries or plants he might recognize as he walked.  Yet his mind turned inevitably to his father and friend.  Surely they are safe, he told himself.  Despite what they had done in the village, the raiders would need Ipid and Rynn alive to collect the ransom.  Tomorrow, he and Tethina could leave for the village.  If they could get across the river, they might reach Potter’s Place in another day or two.  From there, they could send word to the forest masters in Rycroft.  Then they’d find transport to Gurney Bluff and wait out the ordeal there.  That meant only a few days before he set his father’s rescue in motion.  The information they had gathered at the village would be invaluable to the forest masters, and if they could not handle the situation, Chancellor Kavich would surely use every resource in the Kingdoms to rescue one of his closest advisors and friends.  All they had to do was get to a town.  The rabbit who mourns his friend may find himself in the same pot.  Another of his father's nuggets explained the situation best. 
The walk to the stream was not long, and Dasen was there before he knew it.  He had not seen any plants that he knew were edible, but the serenity of the forest had given him a sense of calm that made everything seem more tolerable.  The section of the forest through which he walked was composed primarily of great evergreens that lined the path with walls of needles to give it a perfect sense of isolation.  Those trees limited the vegetation around them, making the forest seem less overgrown than it had on the other side of the river.  At the same time, they housed countless birds and squirrels whose calls and chatter filled the forest with welcome sounds while a slight breeze perfumed the air with the scents of pine sap and wild flowers.  It was a journey the likes of which he had never enjoyed.  Other than the trail, he felt like the first person ever to set foot in this area, and he was soon so enraptured that he almost walked into the stream before he realized that he had found it.  
The babble of water saved his boots but also made him realize how unbearable his thirst had become.  He eased himself stiffly to the ground then labored to find a way to reach the water while on only one knee.  Eventually, he got himself to the water and drank deeply.  He shoveled handful after handful into his mouth and finally dunked his entire head into the ice-cold torrent.  The water felt wonderful.  Fast moving and crystal clear, Dasen had never seen such beautiful water.  Even the flavor was amazing, crisp and almost sweet.  He could not get enough of it, and he drank until his stomach was sloshing then filled the water bag so he could barely replace the cork that acted as a stopper.
Having filled one need, Dasen’s mind returned to food.  He studied the stream and wondered if there were fish in it.  The stream appeared to be sufficiently deep, but he knew absolutely nothing about fishing.  There was little chance he could catch anything even if there were fish to catch.  Still, the idea tantalized him.  
He stood by the stream for several minutes developing then dismissing ways to spear or catch a fish.  Wouldn’t it be nice, he thought, if one of them got lost and jumped onto the bank?  He laughed at the thought but allowed his mind to linger on it.  He pictured a huge fish jumping into his hands and willed the impossible act to occur.  He saw every aspect of the fish, thought about how it would taste, felt the rumbling hole in his middle that it would fill.  The idea was wonderful.  His hunger and the fish that would relieve it were the only things he could think of.  He wanted it more than anything, dug deep, and begged for it to happen.  
Runes flashed before his eyes.  He did not understand them or how they had made their way into his mind, but they were there just the same, and he had no apparent control over their progress.  He studied them and realized that they were familiar, but it was not until they were almost gone that he placed them.  
Dasen’s eyes snapped open and searched for the ball of fire he expected to see erupt from the trees.  Something cold and wet hit him instead.  It smashed into his shins and almost sent him to his knees.  Stunned and fearful, he looked at his feet and saw an enormous trout flopping by the side of the stream, edging itself toward the water as he gawked in surprise.  He did not try to explain the fish’s appearance.  He grabbed the creature and threw it with both hands into the trees just before it reached its sanctuary.  The fish thumped hard into a nearby tree and hit the ground twitching.  
Dasen looked around still expecting to see a ball of fire explode from the trees, but nothing happened.  He was confused.  Had he formed the runes?  Had he somehow made the fish jump from the water?  He dismissed the idea as ridiculous.  There was no way that he could make a fish jump from the water.  The runes were a figment of his imagination, a resilient fantasy from the previous day’s trauma.  They had never existed and neither had the ball of fire.  The bandits had set a trap in the road.  The old man, if he had been there at all, had simply sprung the trap.  That was the only logical explanation, and there must be a logical explanation – sometimes the Order seemed mysterious, but by definition it could always be explained.  Just as there was a logical explanation for what had just happened.  Maybe fish did that all the time.  Maybe the Order had deemed that he and Tethina needed food.  It was impossible to know something as complex as the Order, but Its will was indisputable.  That being the case, he said a prayer of thanks and retrieved his prize.  
Dasen left the stream behind a moment later.  He was already planning the meal he would make and failed to see the dozen other fish up and down the stream flopping onto the banks or the dark shape that eventually appeared to claim them.

#

The sun was almost behind the horizon by the time Dasen was licking the last bits of fish from his fingers.  Hunger finally sated, he took a deep, calming breath. He never would have imagined that starting a fire and cooking a meal could be so agonizingly difficult.  Less than an hour before, he had been prepared to throw the whole damned fish into the trees for whatever animal wanted it, but his rumbling stomach had won out over his tooth-grinding frustration, and he was finally enjoying the reward.
When he had returned from the stream, he had taken water to Tethina but had thought to surprise her with the fish.  She had given him a bag of kindling and a piece of flint when he asked, but he soon discovered that starting a fire involved far more than striking flint to steel.  He had thrown sparks into the kindling for what seemed like hours before a flame finally took hold and remained.  Then the fire had burned through his sticks as fast as he could gather them.  When he finally had enough fuel to sustain the fire, he had to figure out how to cook the fish.  He had crudely gutted it, but there had been no pan, so he had fashioned a spit, and the fish had promptly fallen off.  Then the spit collapsed and collapsed and collapsed.  By the time he deemed the fish cooked, his fingers were burnt; his clothes were coated in fish guts, scales, and soot; and the fish was covered in ash, burnt in some places, and raw in others.  But it was food, and in his hunger, he had shoveled it in so fast he barely noticed.
He looked up at the red glow to the west behind the trees and enjoyed the tranquility of the forest for a long moment.  Now that his stomach was not rumbling, he was able to enjoy the beauty around him and could almost understand why Tethina spent so much time out here.  
The thought reminded him that he still had to deliver the other half of the fish.  He sighed at the prospect, feeling anticipation and dread battling for control of his emotions.  He thought of their kiss, longing for that closeness, that excitement.  But was it worth what came after?  Was it worth having to endure the emotional whiplash she put him through, the insults, the accusations?  With a deep breath, he picked up the plate.  Either way, he couldn’t leave her to starve.  He decided he would take the fish to her, but that was all.  He wouldn’t even talk to her beyond what was absolutely necessary.  He was too tired, sore, and worried to be put through that wringer again.  
He took another deep breath when he arrived at the shelter.  You’re just delivering the fish, he told himself.  Nothing more.  You’re not getting drawn into one of her traps.  Give her the fish and get out.  That’s it.  Pep-talk complete, he pulled back the flap that acted as the shelter’s door.  The smell hit him first.  The air was musty and stale.  It smelled of sweat, damp wool, pine, and the sour metallic odor that he had come to recognize as Tethina’s.  Inside was dim, but the light that filtered through revealed Tethina lying in the same spot.  Her face was ruddy and smudged with dirt.  Her sweat-matted hair lay in clumps across her forehead and cheek.  One long, white, muscular leg stuck out from the blanket bared all the way to her thigh, small white foot bare.  It was covered with red scratches and purple bruises, but Dasen could not help but feel his breath catch at the sight.  Inexorably, his thoughts went in exactly the direction he was trying to avoid.  Damn her, he thought, even sleeping filthy, stinking, and battered, she finds ways to draw me in.
Cursing silently, he ducked into the shelter and tried to position himself next to Tethina without touching her, but her limbs were sprawled everywhere, and his bad knee could not support a slow descent.  The knee gave out, and he flopped onto something lumpy.  The lump moved.  
Instantly awake, Tethina snapped her hand away and clutched it to her chest.  “Agh!  Damn it!  That really hurt.  By the Order, what . . . what do you think you're doing?”  She fixed him with a glare then pulled the hand away from her chest and flexed it.
The harsh words dispelled Dasen’s apology.  He clenched his teeth and offered the fish.  Tethina’s face softened almost instantly.  Her eyes darted from the fish to him and back again.  Her tongue moved over her dry lips, and her stomach growled under the blankets.  A small smile crept onto her lips, lighting her eyes and revealing tiny dimples on her cheeks.  She looked at him with what might have been admiration.  
Dasen felt himself soaring.  Damn her.  A smile and a fond look is all she needs.  And in a minute, she’ll probably bring me crashing down.  How does she do that?  
Her tongue darted over her lips again as she accepted the plate.  "You probably think that just because you come with gifts you can sit anywhere you please, even if there’s already a hand there.  Well, my aunt always said, ‘never trust a man bearing fish.’"
Dasen was so used to her derision that he did not catch the joke, which only added to her enjoyment.  Her smile grew into a chuckle.  Dasen could not help but smile himself.  
Tethina sat up, snatched the plate from his hands, and began picking the meat away from the bones and skin.  She pushed it into her mouth in a very unladylike way, only to have a sour expression replace her half smile.  She looked as if she might spit the fish back out onto the plate.  "By the Order, how did you cook this?  By just throwing it on the fire?  I think I got more ash than fish, and it’s barely cooked.  If I weren't so hungry, I’d throw the whole thing out."
"I thought it was pretty good considering the circumstances.  Besides, it’s better than nothing.  A poor man shouldn’t complain because his only coin doesn’t shine."  Dasen rattled off his father’s expression with an air of reprisal then cursed himself.  This was exactly what he wanted to avoid.
"I’m sure it is a fine effort under the circumstances,” Tethina mocked.  “Maybe when I’m feeling better, I’ll show you the proper way to cook a fish when there aren’t servants to do it for you.  The trick is to use a pan.”  She emphasized the final word as if he might not know what it was.
Dasen gawked at her audacity.  “And where was I supposed to get a pan?  Should I have gone back to the village and asked the bandits to borrow one?”
Tethina, mouth full, just pointed to a large rock standing against the back of the shelter.
“What does that mean?  Was I supposed to use the rock?  You know, you are . . . .”
Tethina held up a finger to silence him.  She reached for the rock and, with some effort, rolled it to the side.  Behind the rock was a small alcove.  Inside was a sack of oiled cloth.  She removed it and handed it to Dasen then took another bite of fish without saying a word.  The sack held a flat-bottomed cast-iron pot that would have done nicely for the fish.  He held it out to her in frustration, but she was chewing and motioned for him to open it.  Inside were a generous bag of dried meat, another of dried fruits and nuts, and a final sack of roots and herbs that he did not recognize.  
Dasen stammered.  Thinking back to all he had been through to cook the fish, he had to restrain his desire to strangle his wife.  "Do you . . . do you realize what I . . . why . . . why would you . . . why didn’t you.”  He stopped and gathered his thoughts.  Tethina had her hand to her mouth, trying to hide her laughter.   “Why did you hide this stuff behind a rock where I'd never be able to find it?  I really could have used this pan and . . . and the food.  I mean, what if I hadn’t caught that fish?  Were you going to let us starve while you had food a foot away?”
Tethina laughed.  “Oh Dasen, if you ever got out of your city, you would know these things.  I keep those things behind that rock to keep animals from getting them.  How long do you think a bag of dried meat, fruit, and nuts would last in the middle of the forest if it weren't protected?  And no, I would not have let us starve, but if I’d have given you that meat this morning, we wouldn’t have this.”  She gestured to the fish with mock sarcasm.  “Hunger is what drives the wolf to hunt.  And, yes, Milne has as many sayings as Ipid, so don’t think you’re going to win that battle either.”
Dasen’s ire rose.  His jaw clenched.  He wanted to think of something biting to say, but nothing would come that wasn’t laughable.  Tethina raised an eyebrow, daring him to try.  Then she laughed.  “Men!  You get a compliment but are so absorbed with feeling wronged that you can’t even see it.  How was it that the Order put you in charge of everything?”  She put a hand on his arm to comfort him then returned to the fish and picked the bones clean while Dasen tried to figure out where the compliment had been.  
He still hadn’t found it when Tethina held the plate out for him to take.  She had not left a scrap of meat.  “Looks like the fish was alright after all,” Dasen said as he took the plate.
She snuffed.  “It was food.  What did you do to catch it?  Did you wrestle it?  If so, who won?”  She held her fingers to her nose and waved her hand at him.   
His jaw clenched again.  “You know, you don’t look or smell much better.  At least I made it outside the shelter.”
Tethina chuckled and looked at herself.  She smiled.  She was enjoying this, was baiting him on purpose and he couldn’t help but walk into the trap time and again.  “And made it back again.  I am amazed.  I guessed you would be out there wondering where the carriage was.” 
Dasen gave up.  “I need to check on the fire,” he growled.
“And that,” Tethina gasped playfully.  “I thought you’d be out there all day wondering how that flint conjured servants.”  She laughed at the repetitive joke then stretched out across the shelter and rolled over to sleep.
Despite his comment, Dasen did not immediately leave.  He sat for a long moment and watched Tethina in the sparse twilight that made its way into the shelter.  For some reason, he could not make himself stand even as his worry grew.  Finally, he pulled his eyes from the back of her head and looked at the door framed in red light.  He gathered himself to leave, but before he did, he impulsively reached down and brushed an errant strand of hair from her eyes.  He was just bringing his hand back when its progress stopped.    
Tethina's sudden grip on his wrist almost sent his heart from his chest.  He instinctively tried to wrest his hand away, but she was too strong, and he braced himself for a brutal scolding.  Tethina rolled her head around to face him.  Dasen barely dared to look at her, but when he did, he found something that surprised him almost as much as her hand on his wrist.  Her eyes were soft and her expression was kind.  "Thank you, Dasen,” she said softly.  Her small smile had returned.  It suggested something that might be affection.  “If you listen, everything I said was a compliment.  You have done more than I ever would have expected.  You have been very caring and very brave.  I am sorry I gave you a hard time yesterday.  I enjoyed kissing you and had no right to blame you.”
She looked at him for a long moment as if expecting something.  When Dasen failed to speak, her lower lip slipped up under her teeth and sadness crept into her eyes.  Finally, he shook himself from his shock and gave her what she clearly wanted.  “I’m sorry too.  What I said was cruel and unfair.  If you were like any other girl, we’d both be dead right now.” 
Tethina smiled as genuine a smile as Dasen had yet seen.  “Can we just forget all the things we said then?”
Dasen nodded.
Tethina moved her hand to his and squeezed it.  “Try to get some sleep.  You’ll need it in the coming days.  We're safe here.  No one knows about this shelter, and no one lives on this side of the river."  She paused and looked into his eyes, making his stomach flip.  "Goodnight."  
She released his hand, but Dasen was too stunned to move.  He watched dumbstruck as she drifted back to sleep.  He wondered what he should say, but there was nothing to say, so he simply stood and stepped into the twilight.



Chapter 17


Dasen was jarred from sleep by a fading dream and made a groggy inspection of the ground outside the shelter.  For the briefest second, he could not remember where he was, and a wave of fear raced through him before his mind regained its balance.  He groaned and rolled over onto his back.  The night was cool, and the thin blanket that he had taken from the shelter left him shivering, so he threw a few stout logs onto the dying fire and eased himself closer to its warmth.
The sky above was clear and beautiful unlike any he had ever seen.  The moon had dropped near the horizon, leaving the stars to dominate the night in a multitude so great that he could spend the entire night counting the number covered by his outstretch hand.  He searched that sky for the constellations he remembered from his childhood but only found the jester with his magic flute of bright stars in a row.  His eyes grew heavy as he searched, and he was just about to sleep when something caught his attention and held him.  
The beginning of a dream, he thought and snapped his eyes open wide, but the image was still there.  Far away and very high was the silhouette of something moving.  Its shape was indefinite – he could only see it because of the stars it blocked.  He considered an owl or nighthawk, but it was far too large to be a bird, at least twenty feet long given the number of stars it blocked, and it had what looked like a serpentine body and great bat wings that slowly beat up and down.  A cloud, a trick of the eyes, some kind of animal that he had never heard of, all of those answers presented themselves, but none fit.  The thing moved too quickly and with too much motion to be a cloud.  He certainly would have heard of a creature that large.  A trick of the eye was a possibility, but it had been there for so long that it did not feel right to him.  A combination of all three, he decided in the end, with a bit of dream thrown in.  
It was the only reasonable explanation, so he forced his eyes to the fire.  It was building now, its warmth washing over and comforting him.  His eyes returned a last time to the sky, but the shape was gone, so he forced himself to forget the aberration.  He felt his exhaustion building, carrying him back to sleep.  Still, his doubts remained, and the beginning of his dream was of the kind of creatures discussed in legends and children’s stories. 

#

Dasen woke to the sensation of the morning sun glinting through the trees and into his eyes.  Despite being just a few sparse inches above the horizon, it had heated his blanket with surprising thoroughness, and he was wet with sweat.  He threw off the ratty covering, sat up, and stretched the sleep from his muscles.  They protested loudly but not as profoundly as the previous morning.  His injured knee was the only thing that appeared to have gotten worse.  It was stiff, aching, and swollen tight in his pants.  It fought his effort to stand, and he worried that there might be permanent damage.  He tried to work some of the stiffness from the joint before remembering the higg bark he still carried.  He pulled the bark from the pocket of his pants and retrieved the short knife from the ground near the fire.  A long drink from the bladder a minute later washed some of the bitterness away.
He added a few sticks to the coals of the fire and blew to get them smoldering.  He congratulated himself for thinking to add the logs when he woke in the night.   The thin sticks soon ignited, and he added a few stouter ones from his diminishing pile.  Seeing that the fire had recovered, he hobbled toward the shelter.  He hoped that Tethina was feeling stronger, maybe even well enough to start their journey.  Feeling his own aches, he wondered again how they would cross the river.  He did not feel like he was in any shape to swim across that torrent, especially if he had to support Tethina the entire way.  But maybe there would be food and real beds in the logging camp, maybe some loggers who had not been in the village, maybe horses or a wagon to carry them on their journey.  It all sounded so tantalizing: wagon, a soft bed, real food.  
The thoughts of their journey so entrapped him that Dasen did not notice the dark shape moving through the trees.  It circled the clearing through the shadows, watching him wander about unaware.  It just watched, as it had for a long time, waiting for the perfect moment to make its presence known, the moment its victim was feeling most secure but least able to grasp the unbelievable.  Only after dreams had been washed away and the day’s plans were being formulated, only when the mind was entrenched in reason did it step from the clearing and make its unreasonable presence known.  
The movement of something black caught the corner of Dasen’s eye as the thing stepped from the trees.  He looked back expecting nothing and almost collapsed at the sight before him.  He rubbed his eyes to be sure that he was not still asleep, but the image did not fade or turn into something believable.  It smiled at his confusion.
Dasen's first thought was that the thing was some kind of small bear because its entire body was covered with oily black fur, but the creature had the build, clothing, and weapons of a man.  It wore knee-high leather pants and a simple vest covered with brown designs.  In its furry, yet otherwise human, hands, it carried a cruel curved sword with a serrated blade and a long meat hook with three barbed prongs.  The creature’s bare feet ended in long toes with thick talons like those of an eagle.  But most frightful of all was its face.  Its eyes were black beads that were only visible through the night-black fur because they caught the morning sun and reflected it off of their glassy surfaces.  It did not have a nose or ears that Dasen could see but made up for those inadequacies with a gapping mouth that looked like the thing’s round head had been torn in half and hinged at the back.  Framing that mouth, thin black lips stretched into an impossibly broad smile, revealing rows of pin-like teeth.
Dasen had no idea what this creature could be.  Nothing this horrible could exist in nature without having made it into one of his books.  It was too terrible even to have come from a legend.  He shook his head, trying to convince himself that he must still be sleeping, but if so, it was a resilient and very realistic dream. 
His stupefaction seemed to entertain the creature.  It gave a hissing laugh as it circled the clearing with a swinging gait that reminded Dasen of a snake slithering through the grass.  It closed until it came to a stop three paces from him, standing between him and the slowly building fire.  It studied him with its glistening black eyes, its face expressionless as if it were pondering a serious problem.  
"I am glad that I have found you, my pet,” the creature said.  It spoke!  It is intelligent!  This is not an animal!  Dasen was aghast.  The creature’s voice was a harsh rasp that was slurred by the incredible size of its mouth.  “My name is Nathu’lanau of the Curava Deilei Tuhar’za.”  The thing bowed low after its introduction but never took its eyes from Dasen’s.  After that, it waited, but Dasen could not tell for what.  
“Are you not going to introduce yourself?”  It waited again, but Dasen was paralyzed.  “No?  How rude.  Lucky then that I already know who you are.  My master said there will be a great reward for whoever finds you, and I have always liked rewards.”  The creature made a mocking strike with its barbed hooks.  Dasen jumped back reflexively, drawing a cackle from the creature that made his skin crawl.
"Do not worry, my pet, I won’t take you to him right away.  What fun would that be for me?”  The thing laughed again then seemed to ponder something.  “I think I can spare a few days.  Perhaps you were difficult to find.  Perhaps you ran.  I’m sure my master will not notice a few days, enough time for you to have screamed yourself out of a voice.”  The creature’s voice became harsh and slurred.  “I know ways to make you feel things you did not even imagine possible.  When I am done, you will beg me to kill you, but that decision will be up to my master.”  The voice returned to innocent, and the thing shrugged.  “Life cannot be all fun and games."  
The creature laughed again, and between shudders, Dasen realized that there was something strange about its words.  They were not spoken in any language he had ever heard, but he could understand them perfectly.  It was as if the language had been born inside him but never used.  He could not hope to explain.  In all his reading, he had never even conceived of such a thing, and it made the creature all the more inexplicable.  
Taken together, Dasen wanted nothing more than to run, to run in any direction as fast as he could, to just get away from this . . . thing, but he was frozen, unable to think, unable to move, unable to look away from the beady black eyes.  He did not know what he would do even if he could act.  His only weapon was a tiny knife not much bigger than his thumb while his opponent looked strong, fast, and sure with its grisly weapons.  He recovered enough of his senses to hold out his knife defensively.  The gesture earned a snicker from the creature.  
A motion that looked like sniffing interrupted the laugh, though the creature had no nose that Dasen could see.  "I thought that I sensed another,” it chortled after a few false sniffs.  “I would guess that she is beautiful.  I can feel it about her.  What a nice treat she will be.  Perhaps she will be my reward.  She could become my toy, to do with as I please.”  Dasen's fear grew as he remembered Tethina.  He felt sick at the prospect of this thing getting to her as well.  
“Do you know the best part, my pet?"  The thing moved a step closer to him and smiled, creating a huge crack in its face that seemed to wrap around the whole of its head.  Silver teeth glinted ominously from that smile.  "The best part is that you will watch, unable to help her.  My master will take you away, and you will know that you have left her to suffer on at my leisure for as long as I find her interesting."  
The creature left Dasen with that thought as it drew its weapons out in front of it and sauntered toward him.  Dasen circled away, searching for an escape, praying for anything that would get him away from those teeth, those eyes, and that coarse black fur.  All of his life, he had been told that no creation of nature could be truly evil.  Animals, plants, the weather were simply part of a divine order.  Their actions were controlled by that order in patterns too complex for humans to understand, but those actions were neither good nor evil, they simply were.  Humans, it was taught, were different from those agents of the Order because of freewill.  Freewill allowed humans to perform acts that were outside the Order’s divine plan, but doing so only brought about discord and misery.  That is why humans required laws and study, to understand the Order and align themselves to It.  This creature, Dasen realized, stood in stark contrast to that teaching.  Its entire purpose was to destroy order, to cleave it apart, and sow chaos in its wake.  It was a force of pure destruction more terrible than the most paranoid counselor had ever conceived of in his wildest delusions, and it had landed squarely on him.
Those devastating thoughts were expelled from Dasen’s mind by a serrated sword racing toward his gut.  The creature brought the swing up short, but Dasen still barely avoided the glistening blade that sought to tear him open.  The blow had not been meant to hit him, he realized.  The creature had said that its master – who or whatever that was – wanted him alive.  It can’t kill me.  It wants to frighten me, to torture me.  The thought did not provide Dasen with the slightest comfort.  
The creature swung again, striking lower toward his thighs.  Dasen threw himself back but did not expect the hooks that followed.  They grazed across his chest leaving two ragged tears that nearly doubled him over in pain.  He screamed. His hand went to the shallow gashes and came away red with blood.  The pain, the sight of the blood almost finished him.  This is real, he told himself.  This thing is really trying to hurt me.  He felt lightheaded.  His knees wobbled.
"First blood, little one.”  The creature pulled Dasen from his shock.  It smiled, seemed to find pleasure from his pain.  “How do my hooks feel?"  It paused as if expecting an answer then laughed when nothing came.  "Do not worry.  They will hurt even more when they are buried deep in your flesh.  They will draw out quite a bit of that beautiful red blood that you are so concerned about."  The thing was so amused by its taunts that it threw its head back, overcome with laughter.  
He was not sure how he mustered the courage, but Dasen did exactly what his every sense told him not to.  He ran straight at the creature, wrapped his arms around it, and drove his shoulder into its chest.  Stunned by the ferocity of the attack, the creature did nothing to avoid it.  Dasen hit it with all the force he could muster and upended them both.  
They landed hard.  A loud hiss and the acrid smell of burning hair rose a second later punctuated by a scream from the creature.  They had, by purest luck, landed on Dasen’s fire.  Taking advantage, Dasen drove the thing down onto the coals and maneuvered to sink his knife into its chest.  
Victory was within his reach.  Dasen brought the small knife around.  
A terrible, ripping pain flooded him.  The creature dragged its hooks across his back.  Dasen screamed and reeled back as his skin was torn apart.  Then, as his weight came up, the creature opened its gaping maw and bit into his arm with all of its might.  It took his entire forearm into its mouth and gnashed its teeth until blood ran down its face.  
Dasen’s scream built to a howl.  Crippled by the most intense pain he had ever experienced, he rolled off the creature, hoping only to escape the unbearable agony.  The creature loosened its jaw, pulled the hooks out of his back, and pushed him to the side where he lay on his back writhing, unable to do anything but roll on the ground clutching his mangled limb.  His entire arm felt like it was on fire.  It pulsed with the most excruciating, all-encompassing pain he had ever known.  Blood ran down his arm, over his hand, splattered onto his face and chest, but he did not notice the life flowing from his ravaged veins.  He could not care about anything beyond the torment that raged through every nerve in his arm and then through the remainder of the body until he was convulsing in anguish.
Lying on the ground with his teeth clenched so hard he could not even scream, Dasen barely heard the creature beside him.  "You put up more of a fight than I had suspected.”  It spit the words, sending Dasen’s own blood flying from its mouth to his face.  “I admire that.  I admire it so much that I am going to extend our time together for another day."  
The creature pinned Dasen beneath its knees and bent over him so that its blood-soaked face was inches from his own.  "Do you enjoy my poison, boy?  Don't worry.  It won't kill you.  It just allows you to enjoy your pain all the more.  I think that you will soon learn to appreciate it."  
The creature lifted his head and opened his huge mouth until it appeared that the back of his head would touch its neck.  The mouth raced toward Dasen.  He did nothing to stop it.  He was too overwhelmed to even close his eyes.  

#

A heart-stopping scream ended Teth’s slumber.  She bolted out of her blankets.  And smashed her head on one of the logs that formed the roof of the shelter.  The blow sent her back to the floor in a daze.  She rubbed the growing lump, until another scream dispelled any thought of her aching head.  She sat up again, careful this time to avoid the low clearance, and listened.  She heard a struggle then a voice, a voice that was not Dasen’s 
Teth grabbed the bow hanging from the logs above her head, strung it using the wall of the shelter, and pulled three arrows from the quiver next to it.  She leapt from the shelter, but the blankets had formed a tangle around her legs, and it seemed to take an eternity to free them.  Once she had, she acted without thinking.  She found Dasen lying on the ground.  Another man was on top of him.  That second man seemed strange, but Teth did not take the time to consider.  In one clean motion, she notched an arrow, found her mark, and released the bolt into the top of the assailant’s mouth as it plunged down.  The arrow flew fewer than ten feet and struck with enough force to throw the attacker back.  He flailed in a blur of black, stumbling backward to the first of the trees before crashing to the ground between two bushes at the very edge of the camp.  
Feeling her hands beginning to shake, Teth drew a deep breath.  By the Order, I just killed someone.  She drew another breath and notched another arrow.  It had to be done, she told herself.  You had to do it.  He was attacking Dasen.  You would have been next.  It was him or us.  With a final breath, she recovered enough to stand.  
Bow half-drawn, she walked cautiously to Dasen.  She scanning the trees for threats, saw nothing.  Was it a lone scout?  If so, when would he be missed?  She glanced in the direction of the man.  No one could survive that shot, so it was only enough of a look to confirm that he was not moving.  She examined the trees a last time before releasing the tension on her bow and focusing on Dasen.  
He was badly hurt.  Blood ran in streams from his arm and was splattered across his chest and face.  He was shaking with his eyes clenched.  Teth watched the trees as she dropped her bow and knelt.  She felt her stomach churn as she smelled the metallic blood that soaked him.  She reached out to his cheek, but Dasen moved before she ever touched him.  
With startling speed, he grabbed her wrist and pulled hard.  Unprepared, she tumbled to the ground next to him.  She had not considered the possibility of Dasen attacking her and was still stunned when he climbed blindly on top of her and moved his hands toward her throat.  
Teth’s instincts took over.  Her right hand found Dasen's abdomen just below the rib cage.  She drove the heel of her palm into the soft spot there and heard the air rush from him.  His eyes popped in shock, but she did not stop.  She grabbed his right hand with her left and pushed it through and out.  He fell toward her then away as she rolled from beneath him.  A second later, he was on his back, panting for air.  Teth sprang to her knees and wrenched his hand back from the wrist at an angle that would reduce even Pete Magee to a helpless mass.
Looking down, Teth realized what she was doing and let go of Dasen’s hand.  She placed it gently on his chest and patted it reassuringly.  She removed her weight from him so that he could catch his breath and tried to assess his injuries.  His good hand had gone back to clasping his wounded forearm, his face was distorted by pain with his eyes clamped shut as he wheezed for air through gnashing teeth.  Teth’s first thought was that something needed to be done about his arm.  From the amount of blood that covered him, and now her, it was a dangerous wound, and she would have to act fast to stop the bleeding.  
She jumped to her feet, bounded to the other side of the fire, and grabbed Dasen’s blanket.  She pulled his hand away from his arm, wrapped it in the blanket, and squeezed hard on the wound.  She expected to feel the blanket grow wet with blood, but it did not feel as if there was any blood at all.  She continued to press, but the blanket felt like it was wrapped around whole flesh, not the pulpy mass she had seen a moment earlier.  She looked at Dasen.  He was much calmer, as if the wound no longer hurt.  Something wasn’t right.  She unwound the blanket and saw that it was, in fact, whole skin that she had bandaged.  Dasen’s arm was red and sticky with blood, but there was no apparent damage.  She dropped his arm in fright and stared at him as if he were bewitched.  She knew what she had seen, and that was not it.  
Just as surprised, Dasen sat up and jerked his arm away.  He looked at it in disbelief then turned to her.  His eyes bounced between her and his arm.  "What . . . what . . . what did you do?  I don't understand.  It was . . . I mean there were  . . . the thing, it . . . I mean . . . .  Look at the blood!"  He held his arm out in frustration as if that would explain what he was trying to say.  He continued to stammer like a lummox, and Teth started to wonder if he was permanently damaged.  Finally, he took several deep breaths, looked at his arm again, and asked, "What did you do in all this?"
Teth was not expecting that question, especially with that tone, and she showed her displeasure.  "I only saved your life.  Again!  I don’t know what that guy was going to do, but I’m pretty sure you were losing, so I shot him.”  Another wave washed through her at the thought.  She felt bile rise but forced it down.  She had just killed someone.  And Dasen’s not even hurt.  She took a deep breath then returned to Dasen.  “What’s wrong with you anyway?  You don't look like you’re hurt at all."
Dasen looked at her in confusion, scanned his arm again, and then sat up and allowed his hands to drift to his back and chest.  Teth glanced at his torn shirt then over his shoulder and saw cruel gashes on his chest and back adding their stains to his already blood-soaked shirt.  The cuts on his chest proved to be little more than scratches, so she dashed around him to inspect his back.  Those were serious, ragged tears, and she was soon busy keeping his hands away.  "Don't touch them!  You'll just make it worse!”  The cuts were vicious but not life threatening, and she was happy, at least, that things were starting to make sense.  “Take off your shirt.  I’ll get some water to clean it, then we’ll see what we can do about mending it.”  She searched for the water bag then yelled back over her shoulder, “And don’t touch it!”
She grabbed the water bag from the ground near the shelter, used the small knife to turn the blanket into several long bandages, and then darted into the forest.  She returned with a handful of a bright-blue moss that was used to fight infections.  Dasen was sitting in the same place still marveling at his arm as if he had never seen it before.  At least he had taken off his shirt, she thought as she uncorked the water bag and began pouring its contents over his back.  
He let out a hiss as the water ran over the jagged cuts, but she did not stop.  In her experience, the infection that came after was far more dangerous than almost any cut, and she would see these properly cleaned.  “These aren’t that bad,” she assured as she wiped the dirt and blood away with a corner of the blanket – she would have sworn that they looked worse a moment before.  “What the heck kind of weapon did this, anyway?”
Dasen gestured toward a terrible set of hooks lying a few feet away near the smashed and scattered fire.  “Those hooks,” he grunted.
Teth glanced at the cruel weapon then raised her eyes to the attacker lying half-out of a bush.  Her eyes remained on the man for some time, trying to make sense of what she saw: black fur, claws, leather clothing, a strange sword.  Her mind ran through possibilities.  A bear – that wears clothes and carries weapons?  A person – with an animal’s fur and claws?  A dream?  A hallucination?  Finally, she rose from Dasen and walked toward the thing.  When she got close enough to see its face, she had to choke back a scream.  She took several steps back and held the pieces of blanket up defensively.  “What in the Order’s name is that?” she panted.
"I . . . I don't know what it is.  It told me its name, but that was just a blur.  It said that its master had sent it to capture me.”
“It talked?”
“Yeah, but in a language I had never heard.”
“But you said it. . . .”
“I know.  It doesn’t make sense to me either.  It spoke a language I had never heard, but I could understand it.”  
Teth looked at him skeptically.  He’s been through a lot, she figured.  He’s probably in shock, not remembering properly, confused.  She nodded.  “Okay, so it wanted to capture you.  And you fought it?”
Dasen made a sour face at her obvious pandering.  “I pushed it into the fire.  I almost had it until it raked those hooks across my back and bit my arm.  That’s where all the blood came from.  I thought I was finished, when suddenly, it was gone.  That must’ve been when you shot it.”
Teth pondered.  None of it made sense.  She needed time to think about it, so she returned her attention to Dasen’s back.  She walked around him prepared to wipe away the remaining blood but didn’t make it that far.  She dropped the blanket and stepped back, stammering.
Dasen spoke before she could find words.  “What did you do back there?  I can’t even feel the . . . .”
“What in the name of the Holy Order is happening?” Teth whispered over him.  “You can’t feel the cuts because they’re gone.  All that’s left are scars.”  



Chapter 18


“So we agree it’s one of those devils from the village?” Tethina asked, still clearly searching for her balance.
“Someone sent it to find me,” Dasen answered.  “Who else could that be?”
“But you’ve never heard of anything like it?”
“Nothing even close.  I mean its appearance is strange enough – too strange to be human, too intelligent to be animal – but what about the poison, my injuries, and . . . and the language?”  Dasen remembered the creature saying that its bite was poisonous, which explained the extraordinary pain, the way it had coursed through him like his body was on fire.  Even now, it didn’t seem real, as if his mind had intentionally faded the memory.  But could that same poison have also healed him?  The only thing he knew for sure was that not only were the bite and cuts healed but so were his swollen knee, burns, headache, sore muscles, and every other cut, scratch, and bruise he had received.  
Tethina looked at him dubiously.  “I already said, it probably sounded like a different language because of its deformed mouth.  There’s no way you could understand a language you don’t know.  That doesn’t even make sense.”  Dasen knew what he had heard and opened his mouth to protest, but she held up a hand to stop him.  “Either way it doesn’t matter.  What is really strange is the healing. . . .  So you think it’s the effect of some poison in its bite?”  
Dasen nodded.  “That’s the only thing I can think of.”
“But why would an animal have poison that heals its victim?  It goes against every principle of nature.”
Dasen could only shrug.  “How else do you explain this?”  He held out his arm to show the rows of round scars peeking out from the flaking brown blood.  
Tethina drew a long breath.  “There’s only one way to know.”  She ran to the creature still lying in the bushes and bent toward it.”
“Tethina, what are you . . . ?”
A muffled cry cut off Dasen’s question.  Tethina fell to her knees then her back.  She clutched her right wrist as if that was the only thing keeping her hand attached.  Dasen ran to her side, but there was nothing he could do but watch her writhe, teeth clenched in pain.  Her face was frozen, eyes squeezed tight, with only a line of tears coursing down her cheeks.  Dasen tried to comfort her, brushing back her hair, but could think of nothing more to do.  
Finally, after what seemed an eternity, her face softened, her jaw released and she drew in a shaking breath.  After a few more, she sat up and wiped the tears from her cheeks with the hem of her dress.  “By the great and holy Order,” she gasped.  “How can one little prick possibly hurt that much?”  
She held up her hand.  On the end of her middle finger was a smear of blood from where the creature’s tooth had punctured her skin, but the cut that had released the blood was gone.  Awestruck, Tethina stood and looked at her arms in time to see the red of her burns fade to tan.  She pulled the hem of her skirt up over her knees, and they both watched as her tapestry of scratches and bruises faded and disappeared. 
“By the Order!” Tethina swore.  Dasen could only nod his agreement.
“We need to get out of here,” Dasen whispered when he had overcome his shock.  His eyes scanned the trees, expecting attackers to come flooding out at any moment.  “They’re searching for us.  It’s not safe here.”
“It’s not safe anywhere,” Tethina dowsed his growing panic.  “If I were the bandits, I’d want us moving.  They can’t know where we are or even which side of the river we’re on.  Their horses are worthless in this wilderness, and they can’t possibly have enough men to search it properly.  If I were them, I’d try to flush us out, get us moving and hope we come to them.  This thing is like a rock you throw into a bush to flush a quail.  If it kills the bird, great, but your real hope is that it flies.”  
She paused and watched the trees.  Dasen could barely comprehend what she was saying, but she put a hand on his bare chest.  “There can’t be more than one of this thing.  Neither of us has ever heard of it.  We didn’t see any in the village.  It must be their scout.  They sent it over here to flush us out.  If it were part of an organized party, they’d have taken us by now.  No, it was alone, and running now is exactly what they want us to do.”
“So are we just going to stay here forever?”  Dasen could not believe what he was hearing.  They needed to get out of here, to find someplace safe, someplace with proper food, beds, and water, not to mention a horde of well-armed men.
Tethina looked up at him from painfully close.  Her warm tan hand rested on the center of his bare white chest, just below the sparkling pendant, between two pathetic clumps of hair.  She watched him for a moment, lips slightly pursed.  Dasen wanted desperately to kiss her again but could not find the courage, could not expose himself to that rejection again.  
“No,” Tethina eventually broke the moment.  She removed her hand and backed away.  “But we won’t travel in the middle of the day, and we won’t take any of the easy trails.  We’ll leave this evening and go as far as we can in the twilight.  We’ll camp under pines, no fires, no wandering about.  That means we should have a last good meal before we go.  We should also get some of the blood scrubbed off.  If your friends have dogs, they’ll smell this blood from miles away, so will any bears or wolves out here with us.  We should move that thing’s body too.”  She thought for a moment.  “We’ll throw it in the stream, then if the bandits are looking for it, they’ll find it far away from us.”
Dasen could not think.  That moment with Tethina had clouded his mind, replaced his fear with a far more confusing muddle of emotions.  “Okay,” he finally conceded.  “But let’s stick together.  I don’t think either of us should be out here alone.”
Tethina smiled mischievously.  “Nice try.  But there’s no way I’m letting you watch me bathe.  I could keep an eye on you if you want, but I think I’ve already seen enough.”  She looked at his bare chest suspiciously, making him feel exposed and self-conscious.  
He looked at himself, ghost white with stick arms, flat chest, and flabby middle.  He was certainly no model of manhood.  How could someone like Tethina ever be attracted to this? he thought.  She deserves better.  He suddenly felt the intense desire to cover himself and fought to keep his arms from folding across his chest.  “I. . . I didn’t mean,” he tried.
Tethina just laughed and strode toward the shelter.  She disappeared inside a moment later.  Dasen looked at the blood-soaked rag that was his shirt, wondering if he could possibly wear it again.  He was just picking it up to see what he could salvage when Tethina emerged.  She was wearing hide pants, a loosely laced men’s shirt with a heavy leather vest over it, a wide-brimmed leather hat, and a new pair of doe-skin shoes.  She carried her short bow and had a quiver of arrows slung over her shoulder.  If he did not know better, Dasen would have thought that a boy had emerged instead of his wife.  
The sentiment must have been obvious because she cut him off before he could comment.  “Don’t say a word.  This is what I have.  It is also much more practical for the forest, and it’s what I normally wore around the village as well, so get used to it.”  
Dasen clamped his mouth shut and swallowed his words.  He had certainly known that she didn’t always wear dresses, but actually seeing her in pants and a shirt made it all real.  Rynn had been correct.  If she showed up in the city looking like that, he would never live it down.  She would be an outcast and he’d be a laughing stock.  He made a mental note to find her a new dress before they got anywhere civilized.  
Tethina threw a shirt at him.  “Here, this will probably be too small, but it’s the only other one I have.  Oh, and give me your pendant.”  Dasen looked at her incredulous then realized that she had removed her pendant as well.  Once couples were joined, they seldom if ever removed their pendants.  It was the symbol that marked them as joined in the Order.  Without them, no would know or believe that they were man and wife.  It was like she was asking to end their joining.  
“Don’t make a big deal of it.”  Tell rolled her eyes.  “It’s just a pendant, and you didn’t even make it.  I might as well be joined to some jeweler.  Besides, we may need to hide our identities, might not want the bandits or someone else to know that you are worth a flaming fortune.  You have no idea what some people would do for that kind of money.”  Teth seemed only then to realize what she had said.  She blanched slightly and brought her hand to her mouth.  “I guess we both know what they’ll do,” she whispered.  “But that just proves my point, so let me have it.  I’ll hide them in the shelter.  We can come back for them or have someone come and get them when this is all over, but we can’t risk the wrong people finding them on us.”  Faced with that logic, Dasen reluctantly unclasped the gold chain and handed the pendant to Teth.  He was stinging from her comment about the jeweler but had only himself to blame for that.  She ran to the shelter.  A second later, he heard her moving the stone that protected her secret storage area.
While she was away, Dasen unfolded the rough homespun wool shirt and examined it.  He hated wearing wool next to his skin.  It itched like crazy, and this was not even quality wool.  It was rough as tree bark.  The weave was loose and uneven, the fabric undyed.  The collar was laced with a leather thong in a truly barbaric style.  He sighed, looked down at his chest, felt the rising sun beating through the trees on his exposed back, and pulled the shirt over his head.  The shoulders were tight, the arms ended well before his wrists, the body barely reached the top of his pants, and it itched and scratched everywhere it touched him.  He sighed again, scratched at his neck, and looked toward Tethina, who was returning from the shelter and walking to the body of the creature.
“Better than I thought,” she said with a smile.  “Now bring over your old shirt and that blanket.  Grab the water too.”  
Dasen did as he was told but diverted his eyes from the creature when he reached its body.  Tethina seemed no more comfortable around the thing, but she maintained her command.  “Lay out the blanket here.  We’ll use it to carry this thing to the stream.”  Dasen spread the blanket in a clear area near the body.  Tethina moved to the thing’s head and motioned him toward the feet.  At her prompting, he grabbed the ankles, felt the oil from its fur coating his hands.  He studied the thick claws on its four-toed feet.  This thing was not human, had never been.  But what was it then?  And who were these raiders that they could have something like this with them?
“Okay roll it onto the blanket” interrupted Dasen’s contemplation.  Together, he and Tethina rolled the creature so it lay face-down on the blanket.  Tethina placed her dress, Dasen’s shirt, and the water bag on the thing then grabbed the two blanket corners near its head.  With another sigh, Dasen lifted the corners at its feet.  The creature was heavy, but with much grunting and several stops, they managed to haul it to the stream.  Tethina tied the corners of the blanket around its body then pushed it into the water.  The current quickly grabbed it and pulled it from sight.  A moment later, she added their blood-soaked clothes to the water.
Tethina shuddered.  “Well that’s taken care of.”  She watched the forest around them then reached into the pocket of her pants and pulled out a thick bar of soap.  “You can go first,” she said.  “I’m going to find our dinner.”  Dasen opened his mouth to protest, but she cut him off, “Don’t worry, I’ll be close.  If anything happens, just yell.  If you see people, try to hide.  Barring that, yell out their number and where they are coming from, but don’t give away that I’m out here.  Got it?  Oh, and fill the water skin too, okay?”
Dasen nodded.  He watched the trees, feeling horribly exposed.  
Tethina turned to go but seemed to remember something and turned back.   “I almost forgot.  From now on, until we are in a village, I am a boy, your male cousin, got it?  That includes the forest masters, understood?”
Dasen examined her again.  She had obviously wrapped a cloth around her, already small, breasts.  Her hair was shorter than most boys and her build was exactly that of a lanky fourteen-year-old.  “That shouldn’t be a problem,” he replied before he could stop himself.  
The comment earned him a shot in the arm.  But Tethina did not otherwise respond.  She turned and bounded into the trees.  In a few heartbeats, Dasen could not see or hear any sign of her.
With a deep breath, he pulled the cork from the bag and bent to fill it.  It was a much easier task now that the stiffness had left him, knee no longer ached, head wasn’t pounding.  The thought brought him back to the creature.  Could it be some unknown thing from the swamps of Sylia?  Or maybe the far north?  Maybe the bandits were Morgs.  They were a secretive people – outsiders were seldom allowed into the Fells.  It was possible that rouge bands shaved and rode horses, possible that creatures like the one they’d encountered lived there unknown to those outside.  It was the most obvious answer.  It didn’t feel right, but Dasen took comfort from it anyway.  Tethina was probably right, he decided.  The bandits couldn’t search for them en masse on this side of the river.  The real danger would come when the crossed.  
Reassured, he admired his surroundings and decided that this was without doubt one of the most beautiful places he had ever seen: the crystal clear water, towering pines, jagged snowcapped mountains.  His every sense was infused by it, the scent of wildflowers and pine, the sounds of rushing water, birds, and squirrels, the sensation of the cold water rushing over his hands.  The air even tasted better here.  The tranquility of it effused him, and his fears seemed to ebb away until he had almost forgotten the shadows that had been stalking his imagination a moment before.  
He secured the cork in the bag and placed it on the bank of the stream, found the bar of soap, and pulled off his shirt.  After one more inspection of the trees to be certain that Tethina, or something else, was not watching, he shed his pants and took a tentative step into the water.   
It was refreshing on the hot day, but the water felt like it had come off of a glacier, and he was soon shivering from the cold.  He waded in nearly to the middle, until the water reached mid-thigh, then dunked himself a few times.  He came up shivering and made use of the soap.  By the time he had scrubbed away the blood and grime, he was trembling, his teeth chattering.  He was just taking a last dunk to get the soap from his hair when a rustle from the trees froze him in place.  Kneeling so that the water reached his chest, he watched the spot carefully, and to his horror, Tethina emerged.  
“Look what I got.”  She held up a pair of grouse with arrows still protruding from their chests.  “I hit them on the fly.  Pretty good shots too.”
Dasen dropped his hands to cover himself and stammered.  Tethina spoke over his outrage.  “Don’t worry.  I can’t see anything below the water, and I’ve already seen what’s above it.”  She raised her eyebrow appraisingly, nonetheless, and stood on her toes.  Dasen spun awkwardly around, nearly toppling as he fought the current from his knees without the use of his hands.
“I expect you are just about done?”  Tethina seemed to enjoy his embarrassment.  “Can I have the soap?  I’m going upstream to a still pool.  When you’re done, take these birds and my bow back and make a fire.  And don’t get any ideas about watching me.”  Her voice turned hard.  “I can hear you coming from a mile away, and I’ll cut your eyes out if you are any closer than that.”
“How am I supposed to bring you the soap while you’re standing there?” Dasen asked when it became apparent that Tethina did not have any intention to leave.  
“Well, if I leave, that will make it much harder for you to bring me the soap, won’t it?”  She laughed.
“You know what I mean.”
“Do I?  A couple of days ago you were planning to show me everything you have in the back of your coach.  So now you don’t feel so confident . . . ?”
Dasen looked back at her, incredulous.  How could she bring that up again?  He was preparing to defend himself, when she started laughing.  “You are too easy.  Just throw me the soap, and I’ll spare your innocence.”  
Dasen could not help but smile.  He had to stop underestimating his wife.  She was right, he was too easy.  He tossed the soap over his shoulder, but it slipped out of his hand and landed in the trees well away from its intended target.  
Tethina snuffed but went into the trees to retrieve the errant bar.  “Okay.  You’re safe now,” she called.  “Though you really never know.  I could be hiding anywhere out here.  Maybe I’ll wait and see what you have to offer.”  Dasen rolled his eyes but refused to rise to the bait.  When the comment did not earn the desired reaction, Tethina laughed.  “Must not be much then.  I guess I’ll just have to wait until you find another coach.”
With that, she disappeared into the trees.  As she said, there was no chance that Dasen could find her if she didn’t want him to, so he retreated slowly from the water, trying to keep his back facing upstream.  Finally, he emerged from the water and realized how ridiculous he was being.  They were joined after all.  If she wanted to see him naked, let her.  
He wiped away as much of the water as he could, allowing the sun to warm his shivering body, then pulled on his clothes.  While he dressed, he felt his resolve build.  He would show her, he decided, so he picked up the grouse, water bag, bow, and quiver.  It took a moment to find a way to carry all those things, but when he finally had everything settled, he jogged back to the shelter determined to show Tethina what he could do.
   
#

Teth crept silently through the trees away from Dasen.  She knew this stretch of forest and the water that bordered it better than the streets of the village where she had been raised.  She leapt across the overgrown roots of one mammoth cedar to the fallen trunk of another then walked up its expanse to avoid the brush that was slowly consuming it.  That left her on top of a lichen-covered rock ten feet above the forest floor.  The sun streamed through a crack in the canopy above onto that very spot, and she paused for a minute to enjoy its warmth.  She watched the stream running by through the bare trunks of the pines, heard the rush of a falls, drew in the rich smells of the forest, and relished being home.  
She considered how the Order had conspired to deliver her here.  All the events of the past few days could only be the Order at work.  It was giving her a chance to show Dasen what she could do, to prove to him that she was more than some girl, to give him some sense of her life prior to his arrival and why it was important.  After a life spent feeling battered, abused, and forgotten by that divine power, she closed her eyes and said the first sincere prayer she had managed since the one outside the burning smithy had gone unanswered.  
The serenity was broken by the thump of feet, breaking of sticks, swish of branches, and increased animal chatter that could only be Dasen walking back to the camp.  Teth laughed quietly to herself.  He was so hopeless that he didn’t even know what he was doing wrong.  She was confident that they were safe for now, but he would have to learn to walk quietly soon enough.  On the other side of the river, those heavy footfalls, a single broken stick, the warning call of squirrels could be the difference between escape and capture.  Teth had played this game with the villagers, with the blasted forest masters, so many times it was simply part of her nature now.  She hid without thinking, rolled her feet reflexively, planned her path strides ahead, used her every sense to know her surroundings.  But now she had to teach all that to Dasen in just a few days.  She decided to start as soon as she got back to camp.  Perhaps he could learn something before they started their trip that evening.
With that thought, she walked carefully onto a branch that stretched from the rock out toward the stream.  From there she climbed down to another, following it to its trunk where more stretched out like streets from a roundabout.  She ducked and wove between branches moving from one to another until she was standing a few feet above a pool of still water.  The stream was wider here, slower moving and deeper.  At the upstream end, the water fell five feet off a ledge of rock, drowning out the sounds of the forest.  On the other, a series of boulders blocked half the stream, creating the pool below and forcing the water to rush through the narrow opening they allowed.  
Teth turned her eyes and ears to the forest around her.  She was certain that Dasen had walked back to the shelter and even more so that he could not sneak up on her, but she was serious about cutting his eyes out if he tried.  The thought made her think about how he had looked standing naked in the stream.  She had honestly not been able to see anything but had enjoyed seeing him so flustered.  He was certainly not much of a specimen, especially compared to the hearty men she had known her entire life.  He was thin, underdeveloped, soft.  His skin looked like it had never seen the sun.  He barely even had hair on his chest.  Still, he had been there for her.  He had cared for her, saved her from the river, comforted her, carried her to the shelter, given her water and food.  He had been kind, compassionate, and brave in the face of the worst the Order could deal out.  In that moment, she could not think of a single person she would rather have with her in this mess, despite and because of all those failings.  Besides, she told herself, it was so easy to get him riled, to keep him off-balance.  And she laughed at the thought of his bewildered expressions, his indignation, and failed reprisals.
Finally, she looked up at the sun.  It was already a few hours past its apex.  Her stomach was rumbling, and she couldn’t expect Dasen to clean and cook those birds – she’d be surprised if he managed another fire.  With a sigh, she stripped off her clothes and dropped them behind a rock at the edge of the pool.  When she was naked, she took a deep breath and leapt into the water.  It wrapped around her in a sudden freezing embrace that nearly stole her breath.  Her feet hit the bottom of the pool, and she shot up gasping.  The water in the deepest part of the pool only came to the middle of her chest and here it was just above her stomach.  Still it was freezing cold.  She dunked herself a few times to acclimate herself then walked carefully across the smooth rocks to a shallow area where she could use the soap.  
As she lathered her body, scrubbing away the blood from her arms and hands with sand from the stream bottom, she watched the falls a few feet away.  It was not much of a waterfall, no more than a sheet of water cascading off of a rock overhang, but it provided the perfect complement to the scene.  With a backdrop of fifty foot pines and snow topped purple crags, it was more beautiful than anything made by man could ever hope to be.  It made her think of the perfection of nature, how the Order could craft such magnificent art with its slow, relentless cycles.  Man could only debase that beauty, could never hope to match it.  The day they had come out of these forests and built their houses and towers and walls was the day they had turned their backs on the Order.  
Teth threw the bar of soap toward her clothes then dipped her head into the water.  She emerged feeling renewed, clean, and fresh.  She began walking toward the edge of the pool then froze.  She lowered herself down into the water and listened, trying to hear through the rush from the falls.  She heard it again, a branch snapping, sticks breaking, loud enough to hear over the water’s roar.
She cursed.  Dasen better have a hell of a good reason to be out there.  She searched the near bank but there was no sign of movement.  Still the clamor continued.  From the other side, she realized in shock.  Someone or something was hacking its way through the forest on the other side of the stream, and it was certainly not Dasen.  Besides being on the wrong side of the steam, there were too many sounds for one person to be making.  Whatever was making that clamor, there were several of them, and they were almost upon her. 
Teth did the only thing she had time to do.  Keeping herself low, she bounded through the water to a space between two rocks.  The water there was still over her waist, and she had to pull herself out with one hand on either stone.  When she was high enough, she planted a foot on one rock and launched herself behind the other.  She landed with a crackling thump on her clothes and rolled once before she arrested her momentum.  Panting, trembling, dripping wet, and naked, she eased herself around the rock to peer out at the stream.  An infant pine growing in the gap between the boulders hid her from the stream.  Her body was at a slight downward angle.  The stones obscured her from either side.  It wasn’t the best hiding place.  She knew that she should stay behind the stone, but she had to know what was happening.  Her eyes focused just in time to see the first shadowy figures moving through the trees.  
Ever so slowly, Teth dropped onto her belly, feeling the pine needles that had gathered between the boulders stabbing her in a thousand places along the length of her body.  She quickly threw her shirt over her head.  It was brown and should provide enough camouflage to complete the blind.  Holding the collar up over her eyes, she watched a dozen men emerge from the forest at the opposite end of the pool where the water flowed out.  They hacked their way through the trees with broad swords then almost threw themselves at the water and drank deeply.  
Teth tried to disappear.  The men were on the other side of the stream but only twenty paces from where she hid.  Her white body lying naked on the brown earth felt horribly exposed.  She could only imagine it standing out like a beacon.  Thoughts of what these men might do if they found her raced through her mind and made her stomach churn.  As if sensing her thoughts, one of the men looked up from the stream.  He stared at the falls then scanned the opposite bank with sharp, dark eyes.  Those eyes paused.  Teth’s heart nearly stopped.  He was looking right at her.  She held her breath and waited for him to call to his fellows, waited for him to point in recognition.  
Seconds passed.  For an eternity he stared, but he made no call, did not point in recognition.  He looked back toward the falls then turned to his fellows.  Teth let out her breath and thanked the Holy Order for yet another mercy.  The prayer was quickly replaced by a curse.  So they are searching for us, she thought.  A dozen men on an organized search.  How many of these bandits can there be?  And how can I warn Dasen?  It was only a matter of time before they found the path, saw Dasen’s obvious trail leading to the shelter.  Then he was as good as captured, and she was trapped naked behind a rock, completely worthless.  She cursed herself for her miscalculation.
Yet as Teth continued to watch the men, her speculation changed.  To start, these men did not look anything like the ones from the village.  They were, if anything, small.  None of them looked taller than her.  They appeared to be well built, strong, and sure, but their frames were small.  Further, they wore what looked like uniforms.  Every one of them was dressed the same, dark-red shirts and loose black pants that were caught up and tied at the ankle.  Their jet-black hair was tightly wound into a single long braid that ran well down their backs, and their skin was dark as if they had deep tans.  Teth had never seen men like these, but she could only imagine that such uniformity suggested that they were part of a military unit.  She had never seen soldiers beyond the district forest masters, so she could not make any judgment about their origins, but these men felt foreign, even more so than the men in the village.  
Adding finally to her doubts, these men did not seem to be hunting.  They did not search the ground for tracks, did not strain to hear their quarry, did not have dogs to sniff out a trail.  As Teth watched, they spread out along the stream in both directions – causing her no end of stress as several of them disappeared from her view – then came back together and had a heated discussion.  But that discussion seemed focused on the stream.  They are deciding where to cross, Teth realized.  But why such effort?  The stream’s not deep.  They could wade across it at almost any point.  Maybe they don’t like getting wet.  In any case, they finally seemed to decide on an area just upstream from the falls where the water was wide and shallow.  They gathered there for a final discussion then split into two groups.  Ten of them waded across the stream, where Teth lost sight of them.  The others ran back into the forest on the other side.  
Having ten men searching on her side of the stream increased Teth’s discomfort immeasurably.  When she was sure all them were out of sight, she silently slipped into her clothes.  With at least that protection, she felt better.  You’re a boy, she told herself.  If they believe that, the greatest danger is past, but you have to believe it.  She drew a deep breath and peeked around the side of the rock that hid her from view.  She saw nothing.  Straining with her ears, she heard the sound of swords striking branches.  What kind of hunters use swords to clear branches? How do they hope to catch anyone while making all that noise?  Even Dasen would hear them coming and have time to hide.  
It didn’t make any sense, but they were moving north, away from her, so she did not linger on it.  With a sigh of relief, she scanned the trees again.  She could not account for all the men now.  They could be anywhere.  Her best protection would be to be above them.  Slinking like a snake, she crept to the top of the rock that had hidden her.  From there, she could climb into a tree and follow the branches away.  As she reached the top of the boulder, was reaching for the branch two feet above, just before she came to her feet and made the leap, she saw the shadows.  The forest along the opposite bank was alive; men swarmed through the forest and bubbled out of the trees in a breathtaking multitude.  
Teth rolled instantly off the rock back into the cleft where she had been hidden.  She watched silently, head pressed into the bracken as the first column of soldiers emerged from the trees, fell to their knees to drink, then regrouped and marched in formation across the stream.  They were followed by more and more, a seemingly constant procession.  When she recovered sufficiently from her shock, she managed to count.  She estimated that nearly a thousand men crossed the stream before her in row after row until she thought they would never end.  She tried to note everything she could about them, but the more she watched the less sense she could make of them.  They all wore the same clothes, had the same style of hair, and the same general height and build as the first men who crossed.  They carried long-bladed spears and stout shields that had been painted black.  Sagging packs hung from their backs.  Along the sides and between the units were men leading horses.  Armor was conspicuously tied to their mounts – large helmets, round breastplates, and tall black shields – along with stout spears.  They held curved swords above their heads as they crossed to keep them from the water.  Finally, at the front of each column was a flag bearer with a round, deep-red banner with a black dot in the middle – Teth had never seen the crest but noted it for Dasen. 
Countless fears flowed through Teth as she watched the men cross.  This was an army.  Was it an invasion?  But from where?  Or were these soldiers from the Kingdoms come to rescue Ipid?  That thought was so enticing that she even considered showing herself, offering to guide them.  But how could an army from the Kingdoms have responded so soon?  Why would they be on this side of the river?  Besides, these men looked nothing like any she had ever seen, no trader, caravan, official, minstrel, anyone who had visited Randor’s Pass.  But where else could they be from?  There was nothing but mountains, impassible to all who had tried, to the west.
Then it struck her and everything suddenly fell into place.  Everyone assumed that there was nothing on the other side of the Clouded Range, but what if they were wrong?  What if there were whole countries over there?  What if they found a way across?  What if they invaded the East?  Local legends said that the Exiles had traveled across the bridge in Randor’s Pass when they were cast from the world.  Could this be them returning with an army?  
The last was a step too far for Teth’s mind.  Even the Church taught that the Exiles were mere legends, stories created to symbolize what happened when people turned from the Order, of the chaos they could cause.  No, it was much simpler to believe that this was an army like any other.  Men bent on conquering other men, just like in the books she had read of the times before the unification of the Kingdoms when the dukes had fought their constant wars.  Teth’s world had not known a war in the eighty years since the original Chancellor Kavich had defeated the last of those dukes and unified the country.  Liandrin and The Empire had fought wars since then against Pindarian secession, but even the most recent of those had been before she was born and had taken place a thousand miles away.  The very thought of war was foreign, terrifying, and incomprehensible.  Teth spent the hour it took the men to cross the stream considering it but could not get her head around it.  
When, finally, the last of the men, a unit of about fifty soldiers leading tall horses – their extravagant regalia suggested officers – disappear into the forest to the east, she was numb with doubt and fear.  The only thing she could decide was that she and Dasen had to get out of there.  If an invasion was taking place, it was impossible to tell how many men would come marching out of the forest and what path they would take.  Their only hope was to get ahead of the forces and find safety as far from the battles as possible.  She listened to the last of the men fading to the south and watched.  She doubted that there would be stragglers given the discipline with which the men had crossed, but she still waited a long time before she considered leaving her hiding place.
Finally, Teth braced herself, slipped back onto the rock, and, with a last scan of her surrounding, pulled herself up into the tree.  She retraced her path until she arrived back at the spot where the deer trail ended at the stream.  She stood on a low branch watching, listening and was about to jump down and run to the shelter when a wave of calm rushed over her.  She felt all her fear, anger, doubt pulled away.  A smile crept onto her lips.  She wondered what it was that had made her so worried.  Then it all came back.  And her fear doubled for the feeling of having had it sucked away.  Her eyes flew open and were drawn again to the far side of the stream.  
She looked just in time to see a man emerge from the trees.  But had he come from the trees?  Behind him was a black disk that blocked her view of those trees.  Then it was gone.  Or had it ever existed?  She blinked hard then focused on the figure who stood where it had been.  Shrouded in a heavy robe with deep cowl, she could see nothing of him but she knew to fear him.  Her breath caught.  Her heart skipped, and she prayed that he keep staring at the water at his feet, that his eyes not creep up to where she crouched on a branch thirty feet away.  
Then something even more terrible appeared.  It fell from the sky, folding great bat-like wings, to land in the middle of the flowing water.  The creature, for there was no other word for it, was black all over, hairless as far as Teth could tell, built like a man, except that it had huge bat wings and a head like a snake.  It stood at least seven feet tall, but its body was thin, legs and arms long, sinewy.  Its feet were obscured by the running water, but its arms ended in double-thumbed claws.  The creature’s head wove back and forth on a long neck that rose from slumped shoulders.  For a second, it looked like it would strike the hooded man before it, then it dropped into an awkward bow.
The robed figure gestured the thing up.  It rose from the water dripping and brought its head close to the hood.  “. . . strong indeed . . . dangerous . . . used the power nearby . . . searching . . . not returned,” the man said.  He spoke softly so that Teth could not make out every word.  Still, she had heard enough to recognize that his words were like none that she had ever heard.  She could understand them, but she did not know them.  Dasen had said something similar about the creature from the forest.  She had dismissed it as part of his obvious shock, but it had been true.  She did not know how, but it was true.  
The creature in the water seemed to answer, but its words were a series of hisses and growls that made no sense to Teth.  Apparently the hooded man knew them.  His voice became harsh, commanding.  “I don’t care what you have to do!  I want him!  You have more than enough tal’ ladorim.  By the time the sun is up tomorrow, I want him brought to me.  Do you understand?  He is too dangerous to be left uncontrolled!”  
A short reply from the creature followed.  It bowed again, even lower this time.  Teth watched it stretch its body prostrate in the water, studied the unbelievable thing, and wondered again if the Exiles really had returned.  A second later, the creature rose from the water and leapt into the sky.  With two powerful stokes of its wings that buffeted Teth with rank musk, the thing was aloft, flying west toward the mountains.  At the same time, she felt another wave of calm claim her.  Her worries bled away, and she watched the creature fly off without concern.  A second later, she clenched her teeth as emotions swept over her, leaving her paralyzed with fear, doubt, and anger.  When she regained her balance, she brought her eyes back to the hooded man.  He was gone.  
Teth cursed.  She had not seen which way he had gone.  He could be anywhere, and she had no way of knowing.  What she did know was that that man was searching for Dasen, that he had creatures like the one she had killed and that thing in the river to help.  And that meant they were in trouble, that they needed to be gone before that thing returned.  Still, she could not make herself leave her haven without some assurance that the hooded man had gone.
Minutes passed like hours until Teth’s impatience finally overcame her fear.  He wouldn’t be waiting for me, she told herself.  If he knew that I was here, he would take me.  She had to risk it.  
Bracing herself for the worst, she slipped down from the tree and landed on the trail.  She held her knife in her hand and crouched to fight, but nothing happened.  She searched the trees with eyes and ears.  Nothing.  Finally, with a sigh of relief, she ran toward the shelter.

#

Teth ran to the camp, watching every shadow for robed men, soldiers, or monsters, but none appeared.  Somehow, the trees were already casting long shadows, and the warmth of the day was beginning to fade.  They had precious little time before the night was upon them and maybe even less until the pursuit began, until the creatures came, whatever they were.  It was no time at all given what had to be done.  
When the shelter came into view between the trees, Teth slowed her pace, slinking through the trees until she could see the entire clearing.  She hoped that Dasen had heard the army and was already packed to go, but the scene in the clearing dashed that hope.  The area was starkly empty.  Not a single thing had changed since they had left.  The fire pit was dead and lifeless.  The flaps of the shelter were thrown back as she had left them.  The water skin was nowhere to be found, and there was no sign of Dasen or the fact that he had ever returned to the camp.  
Teth groaned.  She could only imagine the trouble he had gotten himself into.  He could be hurt or lost.  The scouts could have found him, or he might have gone looking for her and found them instead, or maybe he had simply had enough of her; maybe she had finally driven him away.  Teth thought through the possibilities, but to her surprise, the last was the most painful by far.  She could not say why, but she dreaded the prospect of driving him away and almost hoped for one of the other, more dreadful answers.  
Wracked with worry, she struggled for a solution.  The reasonable answer was to leave him.  She would be faster, more elusive, without him.  She could get to a village and warn them of the invaders, could get herself to safety.  But thinking back over the past few days – it felt like a lifetime – she could not bear the idea.  Biting her lip, she made one last scan of the trees.  Perhaps I can spare a few minutes to track him.  She started looking for signs of his arrival or departure but pulled up short at the sound of a low rumble from very nearby.  
Heart suddenly pounding, Teth dropped to a crouch and clutched her knife in front of her.  There was a smacking then another roar.  This time she recognized it.  
Her worry for Dasen transformed into anger as she peered around a nearby tree and found him propped up fast asleep.  Cursing under her breath, she reached her knife around the tree toward his throat.  He still did not wake, so she gently, then not so gently, shook him.  After a few seconds to gather his wits, he felt the arm holding him against the tree, saw the knife at his throat, and jumped before tensing back from the blade.
“You’re dead,” Teth whispered in his ear.  
She pulled the knife away and stepped out from behind the tree.  She was enraged but could not decide if it was at his stupidity or the way he had made her feel about the prospect of losing him.  “What the Order’s holy name were you doing?  You were sleeping so deeply that an entire army could have snuck up on you and very nearly did.  Besides, did you do anything I asked you to?  Where is the fire, the water, the Order-cursed birds?”
“Hello to you too.”  Dasen's voice was as biting as hers.  “You're one to talk.  That must have been the longest bath in history.  I thought about coming to look for you, but I remembered what you said and was afraid that I might actually find you.”  Teth growled, but he held up a finger to silence her.  “As for your birds, they are right over there, cooking nicely, thank you very much.”  Teth looked to where he was pointing and saw a glowing pile of coals in a small pit near the base of a pine.  Inside the coals was her cast-iron pot buried so deep that it was barely visible.  “I moved the fire into the trees so that someone looking for us wouldn’t see the smoke.”
Teth was astonished.  She almost forgot about what she had seen at the river.  Dasen had done something right, the world really was coming unhinged.  Eventually, she shook off the disbelief and cast him the stern look he deserved.  “That is all fine and good, but we have to get out of here.  I just watched an army cross the stream and then overheard a conversation that leads me to believe that we are going to have some unwelcome company very soon.”  
Dasen stammered to say something, but Teth did not allow it.  “I mean it, Dasen.  We have to go right now.  I’m going to pack some things from the shelter.  You take care of the pot.”  
Teth sprinted the few steps to the shelter and ducked inside.  A second later, a great variety of things began flying out until a sizeable pile had formed.  Teth had not realized how much stuff she had accumulated in the shelter, but it seemed that every nook and cranny was filled with something.  She started to pick through the pile, separating it into two smaller clumps.  Planning on a short trip, she loaded two blankets, the food and herbs, and a few other things into her frame pack.  Several bow strings went into the pocket of her pants, a second knife was tied to her belt, and a few other useful items went into a small satchel bag.  
By the time she was finished, Dasen had returned and was gawking at her like a halfwit.  “What took you so long?” she asked without looking up.
“Well, I had to clean the thing, and it was really hot.”
Teth looked at him and saw the, now half-full, bag of water in his hand.  “You used our only water to clean a pot!”
“Well, I . . .”
“Don’t bother!  Just tie the lid on with some of this twine and give me the water.”
Dasen did as he was told while Teth crammed the bladder into the pack.  When he was done, she grabbed the flat-bottomed pot by the wire handle and tied it to the pack with more of the twine.
“Tethina, will you please tell me what's going on?”
“Don’t call me that,” she snapped.  “Only the counselor calls me Tethina.  My name is Teth, and I thought I told you.  While I was at the stream, an army, hundreds of men, appeared out of the forest from the west.  By the track they made, they were heading for Randor’s Pass.”  
Dasen just stared at her gap jawed, so she returned to her story.  “When the army had passed, I saw another creature.  This one had wings and a . . .  It doesn’t matter.  It talked with a robed man who spoke that strange language you described earlier, the one that you had never heard but could still understand.  Well, it was half a conversation really.  The thing . . . .”  Teth realized that she was getting sidetracked and forced herself to focus on what she needed to say.  “In any case, the man I could understand ordered the other one to search this part of the forest.  From the way they talked, they are looking for you, and I don’t think it is to deliver a joining present, so can we get out of here, or do you have more pointless questions?”
Dasen looked just as dumbfounded as he had a moment before, but there was no time for more explanation.  Teth pushed his slack jaw closed and lifted the framed pack to him.  The pack wasn’t heavy, but she helped him bring it to his back.  When the weight was on his shoulders, he slouched noticeably.  “You want me to carry this as we're running through the forest?” he whined.
Teth just smiled and moved in close to him, wrapping her arms around his waist.  The proximity brought a surprised expression to his face.  She smiled back alluringly before pulling the straps of a belt out from behind him.  “These should help.”  
She stepped back as if nothing more unusual than that had been planned and cinched the belt around his stomach above his hips until she heard him yelp.  She buckled the belt without giving any slack and allowed the weight to rest on his hips.  There was an instant change in his posture, and he marveled at the pack.  
“Do you like it?” Teth asked with some pride.  Framed packs were no new invention, but she had made this one herself.  
Dasen nodded as she adjusted a few of the straps so that the pack would fit his longer frame, but it turned to a scowl when she lifted the much smaller satchel over her shoulder.  He looked like he wanted to say something, so she changed the subject.  “What did you do with those grouse?  We might as well eat while we walk.”  Her stomach rumbled in approval of the idea.
Dasen looked confused then shook himself and pointed to the trees.  “I left them by the fire.”
Before he finished, Teth was in the trees.  She pulled a handful of leaves from a nearby bush, grabbed two halves of the birds, and carried them back to where Dasen was acquainting himself with the pack.  She handed the still steaming halves to him, strung her bow, tied the quiver across her back, and reclaimed her half.  “Are you ready?  I know another way to cross the river, but we’re going to have to hurry to get there before your friends.”
Dasen mumbled something through a mouthful, but Teth was already striding through the trees.  She watched her surroundings carefully as she walked.  The shadows were long, and she did not want to miss the small trail that would take them to the river.  In the light of day, she would have had no problem finding it, but she was less confident without the sun’s aid.  Twilight made the trees all look alike, and it was easy to miss the subtle pointers.
She took a bite of the grouse and was surprised at how tender and juicy it was.  Dasen must know something about cooking.  She turned to be sure he was following and realized that it was close to being dark – the only sun remaining was reflecting off of the few high clouds in the darkening sky.  The clouds were lit a brilliant red by the last rays of the sun, and she admired them until something else appeared, marring their surfaces.  
The sight stopped her in her tracks.  Silhouetted against the cloud was a large creature with the wings of a bat just like the thing she had seen by the stream only far larger.  She blinked and rubbed her eyes, but the image did not fade.  This is real, she told herself.  There are monsters.  They are not aberrations, and they are coming for us. 
Dasen pulled up beside her and followed her eyes to the sky.  Mercifully, he did not say anything as they watched more creatures join the first until there were at least a dozen black shapes bobbing above the horizon in a chaotic dance.  Then the dance shattered.  The creatures spread out, flying east, flying toward where they stood watching in dumbstruck awe.  
With effort, Teth overcame her wonder, turned, and nearly ran through the trees.  The chase is on, she thought.  She just hoped it would not end tonight.  



Chapter 19


Never in his life could Ipid remember being so miserable.  It was well before dawn, which meant that he had managed only a few rough hours of nightmarish sleep, and yawns racked his jaw in a brutal succession as a result.  He had barely eaten in two days and longed for a hearty breakfast with fresh bread, eggs, sausages, and strong coffee – his painfully empty stomach rumbled at the thought.  His back and rump were already sore after just a few minutes in the unaccustomed position on top of the shaggy horse he rode, and his entire body stung from the welts and bruises that enveloped it.
Ipid allowed himself to concentrate on these relatively minor annoyances.  They kept him from having to face the real horrors that defined his meager existence.  Over the past two days, he had come to know real fear for the first time in his previously comfortable life – the fear that came with the knowledge that his death could come at any moment, from any direction, in any way.  That fear was so overpowering and all-encompassing that even pain and hunger were a welcome release from it.  The longing for sausages and pain of bruises were minor burdens in comparison to the images of women and children being slaughtered, in comparison to the knowledge that he could be next.
Denying those fears allowed him to ride through the sea of leather and steel.  Huge mounted men were packed around him on all sides as far as the eye could see, yet he continued to deny what was happening in Randor’s Pass, forced himself to deny what he had seen and heard over the past two days, to forget the events that had changed his life forever.
Near the front of the leather-clad sea, he spotted a whimpering mass of young men in tattered, bloody, mud-stained clothes.  Their faces were dirty, streaked with grime, hair matted, eyes vacant.  They were crammed together and circled by jostling steeds.  Each had a single hand tied to one of several long ropes.  Their broad shoulders sagged, strong hands, powerful legs worthless.  Most of their heads were down, but those who looked up were wide-eyed with fear and disbelief.  Ipid’s heart went out to them – they were just boys, most younger than Dasen – and the thought of their misery nearly dissipated his carefully constructed shield of denial.  His insides shook with a constrained sob, but he pushed the emotion down and concentrated on his longing for a soft bed – the only way to help those boys was to keep from being dragged down with them. 
Despite his desire to ignore the boys, Ipid allowed his eyes to search their numbers for one face in particular.  He scanned the crowd for some sign of Rynn.  He had not seen him since that first night and could not find the lanky young man this day either.  Given what he had seen thus far, he feared the worst.  These men had already needlessly killed countless villagers, and it appeared that Rynn could be added to that number.  A sense of loss and failure washed over him, but he tried not to think about the vivacious young man who had been in his care, tried not to blame himself for his death.  At least, Dasen and Tethina escaped, he told himself, had left the village only a few minutes before the attack.  He had not seen nor heard any sign of them in the two days since, and he allowed himself to believe they were safe.  It was his only consolation, and he clung to it like an infant to its mother.
Ipid was led to the front of the horde – there must have been thousands of men and horses cramming every inch of the village – until he faced down the road away from Randor’s Pass.  It was only then that he registered why he was at his current position.  Certainly, this was where Arin would ride, and he was there to continue their lessons.  
Ipid scrambled for the leather-bound book into which he had written the words they had learned thus far.  He did not have to look for long; the satchel he carried only contained the book, a pen, a bottle of ink, and one change of clothing just like the ones he currently wore – brown woolen pants that made his legs itch and a similar dull-white shirt.  He opened the book and scanned the lists of words but could remember far too few of them.  
Over the past two days the language lessons had progressed at a tremendous pace.  They had covered every word he could imagine, going over each in the Imperial tongue then in Arin’s “Darthur” language.  During that time, Arin had learned the Imperial tongue faster than Ipid had imagined possible.  He seldom forgot a word once he heard it, took almost instantly to the conjugation of even the most complex verbs, and seemed to instinctively understand the intricacies of word order and sentence structure.  Ipid held no such gift, and the welts that covered his arms, back, and chest were cruel reminders of his shortcomings – over the course of their second lesson, which had stretched over the entirety of the previous day, he had earned so many welts that he could no longer see the new ones that were inflicted.  
Despite the abuse, the most frightening part of the day had come when he started to understand what was really happening in Randor’s Pass.  Prior to that afternoon, Ipid had allowed himself to believe that these men were an especially cruel gang of thieves seeking to ransom one of the world’s wealthiest men, but that illusion became harder and harder to maintain as the day wore on.  All the evidence was there.  The men themselves were like none he had ever seen.  They did not act like kidnappers – there was no talk of ransom or any effort to move their prize from the village.  The clamor of horses and men arriving in the hundreds resonated through the village.  And as his growing knowledge of the Darthur language revealed, the conversations that continuously interrupted their lessons were about troop movements, logistics, and deployments.  They were the conversations that lieutenants had with their general, not the ones that outlaws had with their criminal mastermind.  In the end, the only reasonable answer was the simplest.  Arin was a general.  He was leading an army, an army that could only have come from across the Clouded Range.  
Taking a pause from his vocabulary review, Ipid looked out over the men behind him searching for Arin.  He could not be found, but Ipid’s eyes lingered on the multitudes.  The village was so full of warriors that it looked like it might explode.  They stretched as far as he could see, tucked into every nook and cranny between the burned out remnants of the buildings into the forests surrounding the village and on across the old bridge leading to the mountains.  And all of those men looked like the ones that had attacked the village, giants with massive horses and weapons.  How many more could there possibly be?  And how far would they spread their terror before they were defeated?  How many thousands would die in the effort?  
“Goot mourining, Te-adeate Ipid.”  Arin’s deep voice interrupted Ipid from his dire pondering.  He spoke the Imperial tongue with a severe accent.  
Despite the simplicity of the required response, it took Ipid a long second to gather the Darthur words.  Arin did not appear to notice.  He turned to the men gathered around him and said a few words that sounded like a request to ride.  Those men smiled and nodded their assent.  Arin, in turn, nodded to an especially gruesome-looking man at his side, the same one that stood guard outside his tent.  The huge, silver-haired man put a great ram’s horn to his mouth and released a single long note.  The deafening blast was answered by a roar from the gathered men, and as one, they rode from the village.
When they were underway, Arin asked Ipid to review the verbs that they had learned to this point.  Ipid turned to the section of his book that had been reserved for verbs and began his recitation.  “No buch!” Arin growled and added a welt to Ipid’s back.  
Ipid grunted at the blow but shut the book and began to recite all the verbs he could think of, saying the word first in his language then in Arin’s.  After a few minutes of recitation and a few more blows, he looked up and realized that he was leading the army.  He reigned in his horse, but as it came back into line, Arin reached over and pushed him hard on the shoulder.  
Ipid fell to the road in a heap and was almost trampled by the next horse in line before he managed to roll from under its steel-shod hooves.  He dodged one more set of hooves and jumped to his feet.  Sore and disoriented, he ran to catch his shaggy mount, but the other horses bumped him with their bodies and bit at his hands and arms.  When he finally scrambled back onto his horse, he could no longer restrain his taut emotions; he broke down and wept like a child.  
Arin cuffed him, adding another split to his already tattered lips.  “Te-adeate, be man.  Have honor, or I kill you."
He was not sure how, but Ipid managed to contain his tears and continue his recitation.

#

Ipid watched a group of riders racing down the road in a storm of dust that would soon be in his nose and carefully noted the way they had ridden.  From what he could gather from the conversations between Arin and his advisors, the trip across the mountains had drained most of the army’s supplies, so Arin continuously unleashed small groups of ten to twelve riders to loot the holdings that were off to the sides of the road.  This set of riders demonstrated what Ipid was calling a ‘full sprint,’ one in which the rider lays himself flat on the horse and gives full rein so that they can maximize their speed over a short distance.  The verb for such a ride was ‘yulute’.  
Ipid recited the word over and over so that he would remember it when they stopped and was again able to write in his book.  Arin was in the process of teaching him all the Darthur words for ‘to ride a horse’ – apparently there were dozens of such words – and insisted that each group of riders demonstrate a different form.  Ipid was preparing to recite all the riding terms he had learned thus far when the words died on his lips.  
A black blur caught the corner of his eye and drew his attention to the side.  He followed it and saw something in a nearby clearing that nearly unseated him without Arin’s help.  A huge, inexplicable creature was settling on the ground.  The thing was the size of a horse, but its body was that of a thin dog with two large heads at the ends of long necks.  It had great gaping jaws that bulged with so many teeth that it could not fit its lips over them and huge wings of black feathers like a raven.  The thing was easing itself to the ground where six triple-jointed legs, each of which ended in a single curved talon, were preparing to grasp the earth like a hand might hold a ball.  
Ipid shook his head in disbelief.  He told himself that he was delusional, but the creature did not fade.  It just hovered above the ground until a man in a black robe steered his horse off the road and into the clearing.  The man motioned the creature down, and it approached the earth as if afraid then grabbed it with a sudden violent motion.  One of the huge heads turned to the black-robed man, and the two of them appeared to have a conversation.
“Te-adeate!” Arin growled just before the stick snapped across the top of Ipid’s hands.  
He almost dropped his reins from the pain of the blow and immediately turned his attention from the clearing.  He returned to listing the terms for riding a horse, but Arin had followed his eyes.  
The sight of the creature brought a smile to his lips.  He gestured toward the terrible thing.  “Stoche.”
Ipid nodded in disbelief.  Arin knew about this thing and was giving it a name.  “Stoch - ah,” he repeated.
Arin smiled again.  “You have stoche here?”
“Certainly not!”  Ipid’s wonderment made him speak before he thought.  The disrespectful tone earned him a welt across the back of his head.
“Meeny stoche come wit’ Darthur.  You stay far.  They for te-am’ eiruh.”  Ipid did not know what Arin’s last word had meant, but he certainly planned to stay away from anything that looked like that thing in the clearing.  Arin gestured at the black-robed man who was talking to the creature.  “Te-am’ eiruh.”
Ipid repeated the words.  The black-robed men – he now saw that there was a large group of them behind the first unit of the phalanx – must be the ones who controlled the creatures.  He did not begrudge them the job.  Still, he thought he recognized the words that made up their name.  
He looked toward Arin.  He was receiving a message, so Ipid rifled through his book for the word ‘eiruh’.  He already knew that ‘ta’ meant ‘they’ and turned to ‘those’ when it went to ‘te’.  ‘Am’ was a shortening of the verb ‘amate’ which meant ‘to bring.’  In Darthur, it was common to combine a pronoun and a shortened verb to create a new word.  Thus, te-am’ meant ‘bringers’.  That just left ‘eiruh’.  Ipid was certain that he had heard that word before.  Finally, he found it.  Scanning down the page he saw, “ei-ruh; destruction.”  He put the words together and turned to look at the clump of black shapes behind him: ‘bringers of destruction.’

#

It was shortly after noon when they reached Potter's Place.  They had been riding since before the sun’s rise without a break, and Ipid was nearly unhinged with pain and exhaustion.  His back and rump were aching from the jostling ride, his skin was encompassed in a fresh layer of welts, and his mind was overcome by the unbelievable things he was seeing.  
The first creature in the clearing had only opened his eyes to the dozens of things circling in the sky above.  Occasionally, they flew down to speak with the te-am’ eiruh and were close enough for him to study, but he had given up on trying to explain them.  None of them looked anything like another or any other creature he had ever seen, and each was more mysterious and horrible than the last.  They were abominations to the Holy Order, mocking natural laws with their very existence, and he could only think of children’s stories and dark verses from The Book of Valatarian to explain their existence.  That alone should have meant something to him – that somehow myth had become reality and metaphor had come to life – but his mind was too shattered by misery and consumed with the Darthur language to ponder philosophical questions.
The sight of Potter’s Place in the distance did not ease his misery, though he selfishly hoped that they would stop there for the day.  Arin, however, did not react to the sight of the buildings on the horizon.  He simply turned to the silver-haired man at his side – his name was Thorold, Arin called him his shidé-ded-ator which meant ‘shield of valor’ – and asked him a few questions that Ipid could not hear or understand.  The big man responded with a few words.  Arin nodded and turned back to the road before them.  The army continued on at the fast walk they had maintained throughout the trip – it was called ‘turante’, ‘formation walk’.  They did not seem to notice or care about the approaching buildings.
The army reached the village fifteen minutes later, but it had already been secured – probably by one of the groups of outriders, Ipid realized.  Arin led them through the empty main street as if the town did not exist.  A few bodies littered the street, but Ipid had to admit that the casualties were few – relative, at least, to the bloodshed in Randor’s Pass.  The reason became clear a moment later.  Most of the villagers had already been gathered in the green for the midsummer festivities – he had forgotten in all the confusion that today was the Solstice, a high holiday celebrated by every nation that followed the Order.  It had probably been near noon when the riders came.  The villagers would have just finished the ceremonies that would mark the sun’s highest point of the year, the moment it stands between rising and falling.  The children’s pageant, the depiction of Valatarian aligning his followers to order and using that power to cast out the Lawbreakers, would have been completed with the rising of the sun.  The children would have received, and likely eaten, the sweets that were the reward for their display.  The villagers would have been listening to the lessons, the reading of new laws, and the granting of lands that were typically presented on midsummer.  They would have been oblivious of riders, an army invading from across impassible mountains.   And here they stood, gathered together just as they had been in Randor’s Pass, waiting for their new masters to claim them. 
At Arin's prompting, Ipid gave a quick explanation of what was happening, but the people of Potter’s Place did not appear to hear it.  They just stared in bewilderment and answered with sobs.  When the speech was finished, Arin ordered a small group to remain behind to ‘see to’ the villagers.  Ipid dreaded the execution of that order but forced himself to think about his hunger and the ache in his back rather than be overcome by thoughts of the suffering these unfortunate people would soon face.  
The army did not stop at Potter’s Place.  They continued on at what seemed a faster pace without any pause for lunch or rest.  The language lesson also continued and along with it the beatings.  By mid-afternoon, Ipid was swooning from exhaustion, hunger, and pain.  The lessons were bogging down as his mind faltered under the stress of the day, and he was so exhausted that he did not even feel the switch.  Sensing this, Arin eased his use of Darthur, concentrating instead on Ipid’s language.  To that end, he had asked Ipid to tell him stories that would test his understanding of the language, but before Ipid could respond, Arin’s attention was drawn to a long conversation with three men riding nearby.  Ipid knew that he should be listening to that conversation, but he could only struggle to pull a reasonable story from his shattered mind.
He was jarred from his daze by the sensation of Arin’s stick whipping across his back.  He barely flinched at the blow but straightened his posture and mechanically started the story he had prepared.  The stick hit him again, and he stopped.  He had forgotten that he should never speak unless spoken to, was lucky that the punishment was not more severe.  
“Te-adeate.”  Arin spit the title, which meant ‘one to be taught,’ as if it had a foul taste.  “You speak where is food for army, I break stick, give you food.”
The words brought Ipid straight up in his saddle.  It was not like Arin to negotiate.  He thought about what the young man had offered.  If he took the offer, he would no longer be a prisoner; he would be a traitor.  But that seemed an afterthought now, and despite himself, his mind raced through supply centers – he would do anything to be rid of that accursed stick, fill the rumbling hole in his middle, and earn some slight security.  
As the Chancellor’s first advisor on commerce, Ipid knew every major supply center in the Kingdoms, but he had some difficulty thinking of one that was close enough to be accessible and large enough to be useful.  Thoren was the obvious choice, but even at their current pace, it was many days away and would not fall easily.  That left Rycroft, the seat of Uhia District, and its grain silos, but the harvests had not started, and any grain already there would be unprocessed – less than ideal for an army on the move.  The other option was the stockyards outside of Holstead.  It was slightly farther than Rycroft – three days rather than two – but there were probably two hundred head of cattle, sheep, and pigs in the yards this time of year.  
Cursing himself for his weakness, Ipid told Arin about Holstead.  Arin asked a few simple questions about distances, villages on the way, and garrisons in those villages.  Ipid answered the questions honestly and without hesitation – if he was in for a pinch, he was in for a pound.  
The complicity brought a smile to Arin, but he kept his end of the agreement.  He took the stick from his belt and broke it, discarding the pieces along the side of the road.  A hard piece of flat bread, a small chunk of salty cheese, and an apple appeared from his saddlebags a moment later.  Ipid had to keep himself from choking as he wolfed them down.
While Ipid ate, Arin whispered in Thorold's ear.  The big man nodded then turned to the warriors around him.  A minute later, two hundred men rode away from the main force.  Ipid did not know if it was meant to be symbolic, but they rode at ‘eirene’, ‘hunting trot.’

#

Gurney Bluff was a small village – about half the size of Randor's Pass – but it was at the intersection of two backcountry roads, and that made it wealthy relative to its neighbors.  One of those roads ran north to Rycroft where the cobblestone highway began its track to Thoren.  The other angled to the south connecting a series of small villages and towns to another major highway that continued to Wildern on Orm, the capitol of the Kingdoms.  In a succession of betrayals that had followed his first, Ipid had explained all of this to Arin.  He justified the betrayals by telling himself that such information did not matter.  Arin would learn it all soon enough or gather it from someone else.  Such petty knowledge was a small price to pay for his life.
Though miserable and terrified to the edge of sanity, the betrayal likely saved Ipid.  Without the reprieve it bought him – Arin did not hit him once after that – he would have never made it to Gurney Bluff.  He’d have given up, fallen from his horse, and been trampled into the dust.  As it was, that may have been a mercy.
When the crested that last hill and saw the twilit village in the valley below, Ipid’s heart jumped with guilty joy.  He knew what their arrival meant for the people of Gurney Bluff, but he also knew that the long day was at an end, that he could get off of the accursed horse, sit on solid ground, eventually sleep.  As part of their, now friendlier, lessons, Arin had given him a few tips on riding, but it was not close to enough.  He was not certain he would ever walk correctly again, his mind was a shattered husk, and he could barely keep his eyes open.
Thus it was that Ipid realized only slowly that something was wrong in the village below.  He expected that the men who had been sent ahead would have secured the village, that the villagers would be huddled together, that they would be whimpering and scared, controlled but not comatose.  He did not expect a panic but neither did he expect dreadful tranquility.  Where were the riders?  The villagers?  By the Order, the dogs and cats?  There was nothing.  Silence.  Stillness.
Even so, it was only when they passed the first buildings that the truth penetrated Ipid’s daze.  The first of the bodies lay in the shadow the village’s first house.  A man cut nearly in two.  Others followed.  Men, women, children.  Trampled, mutilated, butchered nearly beyond recognition.  A coward, Ipid turned his eyes, tried not to see the bodies, the blood-soaked streets, but there was no escape, nowhere for his gaze to hide.  No mercy had been spared.  Children barely old enough to walk had been trampled.  An elderly man and woman lay together, mangled limbs still holding one another for protection.  Another man with a rusty ax had a dozen arrows sticking from him like a pincushion.  A girl of no more than eight had been decapitated, blond curls dyed brown by her drying blood.  On and on the destruction went until they turned a corner and looked upon the village green.
Ipid did not make it off of his horse before his stomach sent what little contents it held spewing to the side of his mount.  When his stomach was empty, he sat in his saddle heaving and crying.  He closed his eyes, squeezed them shut, held his arms over them, but that was not enough to dispel the piled bodies of the villagers who had been herded together and slaughtered from his vision.
Ipid cursed himself as the cause.  If not for him, the invaders would not have needed to proceed with such haste, would not have committed this atrocity.  Yet, even as he cursed himself, he knew that the Darthur would have done this without him.  If he had not told Arin about Holstead, one of the village boys would have.  And how many of them would have been killed before they did?  Even then, the Darthur would not have needed more than twenty men to guard the villagers.  These people had been no more than an inconvenience, but Arin did not consider the lives of three hundred men, women, and children to be worth an inconvenience.  
That realization shook Ipid to the core.  He had known that the Darthur were brutal, that the villagers meant nothing to them, but such disregard for life was inconceivable.  It smacked of a want for destruction, of disdain for the Order, of chaos, unbridled and riding free.  
Ipid looked up to where Arin’s horse stood at his side, looked for signs of the glee that he must feel at such devastation.  It was not there.  For a flash, Ipid thought he saw regret in the young man’s eyes, but it was gone just as fast, replaced with steel, hard, unforgiving.  There was no sign of pleasure, no joy in him or among his men.  Ipid’s eyes bounced from soldier to soldier, but each face showed the same grim indifference that was, if anything, more frightening than smiles would have been.  
In the end, Arin did not say or do anything.  He leapt from his horse and strode to the door of the inn that bordered the green.  Before he disappeared inside, he yelled over his shoulder in Darthur, “Clean that up!”



Chapter 20


Dasen recovered slowly from the shock of what he had just seen.  At the shelter, he had not believed or understood what Teth was saying.  It was too much to comprehend: an army from the west where there were only impassible mountains, monsters from a children’s stories, someone searching for him.  He could not hope to explain, but the sight of the creature in the sky ended his need for explanation.  It was real.  That was enough for now. 
Enough that was, except for his concern for his father and Rynn.  He could not keep his thoughts from them.  Teth had said that the man at the stream wanted him, but the only reason anyone would have any interest in him was something to do with his father.  If the men in the village were not bandits looking for ransom, if they were associated with the men at the stream – or the creature from that morning – then his father was very much in danger.  The thought sent a tremor through him.
“Hurry up!” pulled him from the darkness of his imagination.  “I want to be across the river before those things get anywhere close to us.”  The words had come from well ahead where Teth was scarcely visible through the darkening trees.  
Cursing, Dasen pushed his musing aside and concentrated on the hike.  He even made a competition of it.  He dreamed of catching Teth, planned what he would say, imagined her surprise, her admiration.  The sight of her drawing closer spurred him on, and soon the challenge was so strong that all he could see was her back through the trees.  Her stride was smooth and easy.  Her bounding steps were unaffected by the rough ground.  She flowed around obstructions like a ghost, but Dasen told himself that he could catch her.  
He was not disappointed.  After a long, strenuous effort, he drew within a few strides of her.  His breath was rattling in his lungs, his legs were aching, and a stitch was starting in his side, but he had caught her.  He was drawing the ragged breath to crow his triumph when she glanced over her shoulder.  “Good.  You finally caught up.  Now stay with me.  There’s a trail up here that should make the going easier.”  
The pace was even faster after that.  Dasen somehow kept it, but he was not sure how.  His legs trembled.  The cramp in his side was a dagger.  The expanding darkness made it impossible to find his footing.  And the pack seemed to get heavier with each step, the belt biting on his hips like pincers.  He was just thinking that he was finished when they arrived at Teth’s trail.  
Mercifully, she called a stop.  Dasen wanted to kiss her but consigned himself to leaning against a large stone to catch his breath.  While he panted, Teth paced or watched the sky.  If she was the slightest bit tired, it did not show and her feet would not believe it.  They never stopped moving as she circled like a cat in a cage. 
“Are you ready?”  She gave in to her impatience when his hands rose from his knees.
“How much farther is it to this bridge of yours?” Dasen finally had enough breath to ask.  “I don’t think I can keep this pace all night, at least not with this pack.  And won’t the . . .” he searched for an appropriate word “. . . things just follow us across the river?”
“From here, it’s about three miles to the bridge.  It is a rope bridge, so we can cut the ropes if we get there before your friends.  Once that bridge is down, they’ll have to go all the way to Randor’s Pass to cross.”  Dasen opened his mouth for another question, but Teth answered it before he could start.  “Believe me, not even a fish could cross the White River anywhere within a mile of that bridge.  
“As for the flying things, whatever they are . . . .”  Teth gave the sky a pensive look.  “The forest on the other side of the bridge is dense.  If we’re careful, they won’t be able to follow us.  Of course, all that depends on us making it to the bridge before they do.”
That ended the discussion.  Teth held up a hand, turned to the trail, and resumed her breakneck pace.  Dasen moaned as the weight of the pack came back onto his hips but followed as quickly as his wobbling legs could manage. 

#

Dasen put all of his thought and effort into walking after that.  He did not think about his father, Rynn, or the inexplicable things that had happened over the past three days.  He concentrated on putting one foot in front of the next, making sure that those strides came as quickly as possible, and that they did not falter.  The effort had brought the cramp back to his side, but it had also kept Teth within view.  He even thought that he might be gaining some ground when she inexplicably darted into the trees at the side of the trail.  
Dasen did not understand but followed her lead.  He stepped under a pine just in time to hear a whoosh of air from above.  The sound was incredible.  He could feel the air moving even through the trees but could not see its source.  Another gust sent needles raining down on them.  The trees rattled.  One more limb-shaking gust and the source of the disturbance appeared through the canopy above.  
The creature was smaller than Dasen had expected given the sound of its approach, but its humanoid body was well larger than a man, and its bat wings were each as long as its body.  Though its cone-shaped head resembled that of a man, it had huge eyes like an insect, a thick beak for a mouth, and large recessed ears.  Its body tapered from the head into slumped shoulders, under-developed arms with clawed hands, and a tail capped by a curved spike that glinted in the light of the rising moon.  It had no legs that Dasen could see.  The creature followed the trail away to the east then wheeled in the air and turned back to the north.  As it turned, it gave a screech like a hawk or falcon, but the sound was unnatural as if made by a horn designed to sound like a bird.  At the same time, its tail snapped in the air and struck a great pine.  The whack of metal on wood resonated through the forest and was punctuated by the crash of the tree’s top five feet toppling to the ground.
When the creature was out of sight, Dasen started breathing again.  He had not even realized that he was holding his breath but gasped to recover the lost air.  He looked up the path toward Teth.  She was watching the sky with an arrow already notched.  Her eyes turned to him.  The fear there added to his own.  "We need to be at that bridge right now.  Can you run?"  
Dasen's heart was already thundering.  He could only imagine what running would do to it, but he nodded and adjusted the pack.  
Teth took one more look at the sky.  “I'm going to run ahead, so I can keep an eye on the skies.  You just keep running, but remember, give everything you’ve got.  We don’t have much time.”  Then she bolted down the trail before he could even nod.  
Dasen watched her go, took a deep breath, and loped behind.  He thought about what she had said, give everything you have.  He felt his legs strain under the weight of the pack, the stitch in his side flare to life, the air rattle in his lungs and wondered if his everything would be anywhere close to enough.

#

Dasen fell into a steady rhythm.  He ran until he was doubled over in pain, until he thought he would collapse, then he would clutch his side and gasp until he had recovered enough to start again.  He saw Teth only rarely, so he had only his thoughts – most of which centered around how much it hurt to run – to distract him.  When Teth did appear, she would dart toward him, offer a few words of encouragement, then fly off again.  She never seemed to tire and did not even appear to be winded.  
Still, Dasen wondered if she would be as spry carrying the pack rather than the satchel that she had saved for herself.  The pack had become the bane of his existence, catching branches and weighing on his overburdened legs.  He thought about leaving it but knew that Teth would probably send him back for it, so he kept plodding along, wishing that the thing would get lighter rather than heavier as it seemed to be doing. 
He had just started running again when he saw a familiar streak appear through the shadows of the trail in front of him.  Teth waved him to the side and ducked into the trees herself.  He was happy to comply.  He darted under a tall fir and immediately bent in half, panting.  
The patter of an insect’s wings reverberated over his head a second later.  He looked up to see the thing that was making his breath catch despite his panting need for air but caught no more than a glimpse of the creature.  Still, he could tell that it was not like any of the other things he had seen to this point, looking most like a huge dragonfly without a tail.  From what he could tell, none of the creatures was alike.  They varied from the size of a house to no larger than a dog in as my adaptations as he could ever imagine.  The only thing that unified them was how universally terrifying they were. 
“How are you doing?” and a hand on his arm nearly sent Dasen from his skin.  He gasped and held his racing heart.  Teth just looked at him, waiting for a reply.
It took him a long second to give it.  “I’m tired, but I can keep going.  Are we close to the bridge?”
“Not close enough.”  Teth’s tone held surprisingly little scorn.  She moved her hand to his face then down to his chest.  Her eyes scanned him.  “I know you want to abandon that pack, but we're going to need it, so keep it as long as you can, alright?”  
Dasen could only nod.  
“The things above are becoming more frequent,” Teth continued, “but they obviously can’t see through the trees, and they seem reluctant to leave the air.  That said, I climbed a hill over there and saw movement in the trees behind us.  They're still a ways off, but they’re gaining fast.  You really need to push, okay?”
Dasen nodded again.  Teth's words were making him anxious.  He was ready to go.  Adding to that, she was looking at him in a way that made his stomach flip.  It only doubled his desire to run.  
“Here, I got this from a plant up the trail.”  Teth handed him a small bundle of leaves.  “Chew on it.  It will give you energy, and it tastes pretty good too.”  Dasen took the bundle of leaves and rolled it between his fingers.  Before he could put to leaves in his mouth, Teth grabbed him behind the head, rose to her toes, and kissed him.  It was a small kiss but intense, and it left him gawking.  
“Encouragement,” she said with a sly smile as she stepped back to the trail.  
Dasen could not even hope to reply, but somehow he managed to put the leaves in his mouth and run after her.  His thoughts were so absorbed with the shock of that kiss that he did not even notice how much it hurt.

#

The cramp in his side finally drove Dasen to stop.  He bent over with his hand clenched on his ribs while he recovered his breath.  The distraction of Teth’s kiss and the leaves she had given him had kept him going longer than he had previously managed, but the debilitating cramp was eventually too much.  
He chomped the sweet leaves between breaths and felt their juice calming him.  The leaves tasted fresh and minty with just enough sourness to make his mouth water and expel his overpowering thirst.  His whole mouth tingled, and he felt as if everything were amplified, as if the leaves had unlocked strength he never knew he had.  The leaves made his mind jumpy as well, but mostly it landed on Teth.  Try as he might, he could not figure her.  One minute she acted like she hated him, the next she was kissing him.  He certainly did not mind the change, but it was utterly confounding.  
"Dasen, come on!” brought him from his crouch.  “You can’t stop now.  We're almost there, but they’re getting close!”  Teth was barely visible, but the urgency in her voice did not need to be seen.  Dasen signaled her to go, pulled himself up, and, with one more deep breath, resumed his trot.
He cursed himself for his timing.  This was the first time he had seen her since the kiss, and he had been running every second until then.  At least we’re close, he told himself, but it was little consolation as the first sounds of snapping branches, rustling leaves, and hammering feet echoed through the trees behind him.  Initially, he thought the sounds were his imagination, but they built until they reverberated through the forest, each sound a cold wave crashing through him.  Howls, screams, and murmuring voices soon added to that cacophony to create a maddening murmur of evil intent more dreadful than anything Dasen had ever imagined.
He was running for all he was worth, imagining the creatures inches behind, when Teth appeared.  She looked back.  He tried to yell a warning but could not find the breath required.  Teth nodded.  "I know.”  She was calm but unusually breathless.  “Trust me.  We can make it if you keep running, but don’t look back, and do exactly as I say.”  She did not wait for acknowledgement as she darted out of sight.
The sounds grew after that, like the roar of the ocean closing on him with the same inevitability of the tide.  Dasen's imagination played a thousand horrible images of what he would see behind him, and it took all the will he could muster to keep his eyes from confirming them.  He could only guess at the demonic shapes boiling out of the forest behind him, could only guess at how long it would be until they claimed him.
"Dasen, drop now!"
He did not even think as he flopped onto his belly in the middle of the path.  There was a whoosh above him.  The air snapped where his head had been a second before.  Something had just missed him, but he did not dwell on it.  As soon as the sound was past, he jumped to his feet.  
The creature was not so lucky.  It shook then, failing to rise, careened into one of the trees along the path nearly uprooting the spruce with the force of the impact.  Its body sprawled across the path, its spiked tail still thrashing.  Dasen was overawed by the creature’s violent death – it was the first one they had seen – but he did not allow it to slow him.  He did not even pause to avoid the expanse of its tail.  He hurdled the wriggling thing, glancing back just long enough to notice the shaft of an arrow planted to the fletching in its huge right eye.
He ran with all his might after that but did not know how much longer he would last.  His body was pumped with fear – the roar of the creatures had grown so close that he expected something to reach out and grab him – but it was not enough.  His legs felt like noodles that had been cooked too long, his breath was coming in pained gasps, and his hand was permanently clamped at his side to keep the stitch there from overpowering him.  He was sure that he would collapse at any second and not rise again.
That was until he heard the voices.  They started as the soft hiss of a single voice, but it rang in his ears over the deafening clamor behind him.  "We are almost there, little one.  A few more strides and my claws will reach your throat.  A few more strides and my teeth will taste your blood.  You cannot outrun us.  Only a few more strides.”  
That first voice was joined by others each describing the way that he would die when the chase was over.  “Pain . . . ripping your flesh . . . break your bones . . . misery . . . blood!  Death!  BLOOD!  DEATH!”  The threats grew in number until they all chanted together for his death in a unanimous roar.  
The taunts, Dasen knew, were meant to break him, but he allowed them to push him instead.  Words can only hurt you as much as you let them, his father had always said, and Dasen did not let these touch him.  He would not give these creatures the satisfaction of seeing him crumble, so he forgot his miseries and ran, ran for all he was worth.  
The voices were building to another hideous crescendo when the first arrow hummed past his face, over his shoulder and ended in a scream just behind – too close behind.  Other bolts followed in a steady progression as Teth covered him, but she was only delaying the inevitable.  His run was stumbling at best; it was only a matter of time before his legs gave out completely.  The creatures were on top of him.  It was only a matter of time before not even Teth could keep them at bay.
Then it happened.  The arrows stopped.  Dasen could hear the footsteps of the creature that would take him.  He could hear it whispering in his ear, could almost feel its breath on his neck, smell the rankness of it.  It was on top of him.  Nothing could save him.  
He did not bother to pray.  He mustered what little energy remained, gathered it from every corner of his body, and unleashed it in a cry of desperation.  It echoed through the forest, drowning out the pounding feet and whispered threats.  It pulsed through his legs, giving them just enough power for a final lunge.  He exploded through the last line of trees as the scream died and stumbled toward a chasm. 
Dasen could only stare at the line a few feet in front of him where the earth ended and plunged fifty feet into seething rocks and white-capped water.  That line drew in on him.  He begged his legs to stop.  They could not hope to respond, but it hardly mattered.  His body was hopelessly in front of his legs.  Even if they stopped, the rest of him would never manage it.  He was destined for the rocks.  
The earth spun around him.  He was no longer looking at the chasm.  He was turning away from it, back toward the forest.  Someone, something had a hold of his arm, was swinging him away from the drop.  He spun until he was parallel to the ledge and the hand released him like a rock from a sling.  He stumbled for two steps before his legs could no longer keep up with his momentum.  His hands came up just in time to keep his face from taking the brunt of the fall, and he slid for several feet across the soft ground on his palms and belly.
A scream pierced the night, falling in timbre as it faded down the gorge.  The thing that had been following him, Dasen thought.  The scream was followed by others but not enough.  Not all of the creatures would find their way to the chasm.  Eventually, they would stop.  Eventually, they would find him lying only a few feet away.
The pack on his back might as well have been a boulder, but Dasen somehow brought his knees under him – he had not come all this way to die on his belly.  From there, strong hands grasped the pack and pulled him up.  He helped them little, but they managed.  He was on his feet, but he was not sure for how long.  He wobbled precariously as Teth led him to a rope bridge two impossible steps away.  
The bridge was nothing more than four stout ropes.  Two of them were held off the ground at waist level by crude supports to act as handles while the other two were lined with weathered boards held in place by simple lashings.  Teth bounded across those boards like it was a forest path.  She barely touched the upper ropes and did not seem to notice the way the bridge swung as each step landed on its shaking surface.  
Dasen followed.  He was not sure how, but he followed.  He was past the point of fear, and that was the only thing that saved him.  He ran across the boards not knowing how his feet managed to land on the swinging walkway, expecting that each step would be the one that buckled his knees and sent him to the gorge.  A few more shapes were silhouetted as they plunged to the river.  They were distorted, unimaginable shapes that the kind moon transformed into things that were almost believable.  Screams and curses faded to oblivion as they disappeared and were lost to the rocks.  
A second later, the shaking of other feet hitting the bridge pulsed through Dasen’s legs.  His knee gave out as his foot reached the bridge before he had expected.  He pitched forward on the swinging walkway and saw only rocks before him.  His heart caught at the same moment his hand found a miraculous guideline and his other foot found the path.  They compensated for the lost step and allowed him to bring his eyes back to the swinging planks.  The other side was steps away, but the path would not stay still; there were too many feet affecting its swing.  His quivering legs would not recover from another miss, but he struggled on, one foot in front of the other, until he heard the material of his pack ripping under the assault of clawed hands.  It was all the encouragement he needed.  He leapt the final boards not caring if his feet hit them or not.  The claws swiped again at the place where his throat had been a moment before.  He dove away from them and felt his hands dig into welcome mud.
He wanted to pass out, but Teth's curse-laden battle cry kept him conscious.  He rolled out from under the weight of the pack and looked at the bridge.  Teth’s back dominated his vision.  She was standing at the end of the ropes fighting to keep a short lizard-like creature on the bridge.  She held a long knife in one hand, her bow in the other, and stood so that nothing could get off the bridge without going through her.  Her shirt and pants were already torn and marked with blood.  A glance to the sides revealed deep gouges in three of the ropes that held the bridge, but Teth had been waiting until he was across to finish them.  Those ropes strained under the weight of a solid row of creatures stretching across their expanse but held, waiting for those and countless of their brethren to cross. 
Dasen had to help, had to do something.  He unbuckled the belt that held him to the pack and squirmed from of the straps.  Released from the burden, he nearly jumped to his feet.  He did not know what he could do, but he grabbed the first thing he saw and turned to the bridge.  
The lizard creature was thrashing in the air as another fiend lifted it above its head and threw it over the side.  The act of betrayal earned the seven-foot creature, with a hairless but perfectly muscled body and three eyes, a dagger in the stomach.  Teth was about to slash the blade across its stomach when another hand inexplicably sprouted from the thing’s chest and grabbed her wrist in a powerful grip.  Teth gasped and released her knife.  The creature smiled as it reached to her throat with one of its original hands and toward the huge sword on its back with the other. 
The cast-iron pot smashed into the creature’s head, cracking its skull like an egg.  It had disregarded Dasen, and he had struck without thinking.  The hand holding Teth went limp.  She jerked it away, retrieving her dagger as she did, and spun to the side.  
The creature wavered with blood splattered across the side of its brutish face, but Dasen did not wait for it to recover.  He brought the pot around again, aiming at the same spot.  The weapon shattered what was left of the creature’s head, knocking it into its fellows.  The shear bulk of the thing snapped one of the guide ropes and sent a wave of creatures into the gap.
Dasen looked for Teth – they had bought some time but was it enough?  She was hard at work with her knife and almost through the first of the ropes that held the bridge, but the rope was strong, weathered hemp that did not cut easily.  He watched her progress for a second then brought his eyes back to the bridge where the creatures had already recovered their footing.  He glanced at Teth again and did a quick calculation.  She would never make it.  He was going to have to face another of the creatures.  Without the benefit of surprise, he did not like his odds. 
He held out the pot ready to strike and was captivated by what he saw.  A sleekly muscled woman was standing in the middle of the bridge with flame-red hair flying around her body as if she were walking against a gale.  She was magnificent, perfectly proportioned, fair-skinned, and barely dressed.  She swung her hips seductively as she sauntered across the bridge with no regard for the turbulence of the walkway.  
Dasen could not help but watch doe-eyed as she closed on him.  He knew that he should do something to stop her, but he was trapped in her dark eyes and could not make his arms move to swing the pot that hung by his side.  His heart thundered from longing, not fear.  The pot fell from his limp fingers – how could he ever think of striking something so beautiful?  The woman smiled at the sight of the pot falling and brought her hands out from where they were hidden behind her.  Dasen thought she was preparing to wrap her arms around him and give him everything that her walk promised.  He was ready to receive her.  He held his arms out.  
His heart stopped.  The seductress’ hands slid out from behind her as long, distorted fingers ending in razor points.  The skin on her face drew back tight until her nose was a bat-like point, her eyes were leering slits, and her mouth was a gaping sneer of ragged fangs.  The sudden change released Dasen from his mesmerism, and he recovered just in time to dodge to the side as the first pass of the creature’s claws slashed toward his chest.  The claws were followed by a diving strike from the snarling fangs that sent him stumbling to the ground just out of reach.  
His eyes clamped shut when he hit the ground and bounced open immediately, expecting to see the blow that would finish him.  Instead, they were burnt by a burst of flame that sent him scampering from the bridge with his arm over his face.  When he looked up again, the woman on the bridge was a thrashing ball of fire, and a creature was circling in the sky above with flames licking from its blackened lips.  
It had been aiming for him, Dasen realized, and would have had him if he had not been forced to the ground.  The monster on the bridge had been hit instead, and its flaming body now acted as the perfect barrier.  
He rolled along the ground away from the burning creature as Teth finished cutting the rope to collapse one side of the bridge.  Without the walkway for support, most of the black shapes tumbled to the rocks.  The few that held to one of the remaining ropes tried to move hand over hand toward whichever side was closest, but the already frayed ropes were too weak, and it was only a matter of seconds before they too collapsed under the strain.  
Dasen did not watch the creatures fall.  He remembered the thing flying above just in time to leap away from a fountain of fire that formed where he had been crouched.  The heat from the flames encompassed his body.  He smelled his hair crisp, but he rolled away with his arms over his head until the heat had died.  
The creature unleashed a scream of frustration and made a loop in the sky preparing for another pass.  This time it did not leave anything to chance.  It opened its alligator mouth to blow fire and prepared its four sets of stubby claws to finish whatever escaped the flames.  
Dasen tried to predict where the attack would focus, but the creature was not giving anything away.  He was about to jump to the right in an attempt to make the nearby trees when a sliver of light caught his eye.  It flashed through the darkness like a shooting star and ended in the joint of the creature’s bat wing.  The creature did not seem to notice, but when that wing came down to carry it the final distance to its prey, it buckled.  The creature lost control of its rapid descent, careened to the side, and unleashed a column of flame into the night until it was cut short by the chasm wall.
Dasen exhaled sharply, but there was no time to relax.  At least a dozen other creatures were circling above, waiting their turn.  He found Teth crouched near the bridge with the bow still clutched in her hand.  The quiver over her shoulder was empty; they could not fight any longer.  As one, they sprinted for the cover of the trees and staggered through the brush, their night just beginning.  



Chapter 21


The sensation of a man kicking him none too gently in the ribs jarred Rynn from a deep sleep.  He pulled his arms up to protect himself and yelled for the man to stop.  
Seeing that his subject was awake, the black-robed figure looked down and nearly spat his orders.  "Get up.  You have an audience with the Belab.  There is some water in the corner.  Use it to clean yourself then step out of the tent.  Be quick.  The Belab does not wait."
Rynn sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.  He had been sleeping hard, and it took him some time before he remembered where he was.  When he finally did, he wished that he could forget.  The memories of what he had seen rushed over him, and he shook as the horrible images replayed in his mind.  At the same time, he remembered what Ipid had told him, remembered who he was and what he had to do.  He had to be strong.  He could not let fear beat him.  He repeated Ipid’s mantras to himself, pushed the emotions deep into his guts, and kept them there like a small fire that could warm his courage when he thought it might fail.
He looked around the small tent and found a bowl of water in the corner.  His stomach growled with hunger, a sharp pain lancing through him.  He had not eaten in over a day now, and he wished that he had something, anything to fill the hole in his middle.  As it was, he drank deeply from the water then used what remained to wash his face and hands.  As he wiped the water away, he thought back trying to remember who he was being summoned to meet.  
Following that first night in the sheep’s pen, he had spent the next day huddled with the villagers, sparsely guarded and largely forgotten.  He remembered wondering why he had not been separated the others – his father would never pay a ransom, but he should have at least been worth the effort.  He remembered other strange things about the bandits as well but had been too busy worrying about his neck to piece them all together.  
Then, in the afternoon, a cadre had come and separated the young villagers from their families.  The villagers had clung to their children, men had tried to fight, but it was pointless.  The bastards showed no mercy or remorse.  They killed the parents and pulled the children away sobbing.  With no one to fight for him, Rynn had offered no resistance.  He had watched the slaughter from the side of the pen, unable to divert his eyes as men and women were cut down for the simple act of clinging to their children.  
When enough blood had been spilled to drown the nascent uprising, the village children, boys and girls alike, were herded away and lined up in front of a large tent.  One at a time they entered the tent and came out looking dazed but otherwise unhurt.  The girls and small children were then returned to their weeping families.  The boys were led to the opposite side of the village outside of Rynn’s view.  
Rynn had been one of the last to enter the tent.  He had been terrified, certain that, for better or worse, these men would realize who he was and make him part of their ransom requests.  He had repeated what Ipid had told him, told himself over and over that he was too valuable to hurt.  Inside the tent had been an old man in black robes sitting on a small stool with two similarly attired men standing on either side of him.  The standing men’s features were hidden inside voluminous hoods, but the seated man had his hood cast back.  Rynn’s eyes had come to rest on the old man.
His memories stopped there.  Try as he might, Rynn could not remember anything past that, could not even remember what the old man looked like or how he had come to lie in this tent.  He guessed that he had fainted during the questioning.  Had there had been torture?  He shuddered at the thought then assessed himself, realized there was no pain, and dismissed the idea – certainly he would remember something as traumatic as torture.  
Exiting the tent, he heard the man outside mutter something about his being slower than a frost slug in a snow bank.  Despite the man’s harsh tone, Rynn could not hold back his questions.  “A frost slug?  So you must be Morgs, though I have never heard of a frost slug and you don’t look nearly big enough.  I also thought Morgs never rode horses.  But I suppose if you are resorting to kidnapping and murder, minor cultural infractions are probably the least of your worries.  I can only imagine . . . .”
“Shut up!”  The black-robed man turned on Rynn and glared at him through his cowl.  In the darkness, Rynn could only see his sparkling black eyes and the tip of his long nose.  The play of shadows on his face suggested something gruesome – possibly some kind of childhood accident – but before he could look closer, the man turned and led him across what remained of the village.
“So I struck a nerve, did I?  My father always tells me that I talk too much.  Of course, he doesn’t think. . . .“
“Silence!” the man seethed.  “If you speak another word, I swear it will be your last.  I don’t care how important the Belab thinks you are.”  
That was enough for Rynn.  It was obvious that these criminals knew who he was, so it was unlikely that they would hurt him.  Still, they had proven to be brutally unpredictable, and he didn’t want to take any chances.  So, despite the incredible difficulty, he kept his mouth clamped shut for the remainder of the walk.  
Stuck with his own thoughts, Rynn’s mind went over what the dark man had said, and he suddenly realized that the man had not spoken in any language that he knew.  His words had been totally foreign, but he had somehow understood them.  The immensity of that discovery quickly overpowered his oath of silence.  He opened his mouth, but his escort seemed to know what he was thinking.  The man turned before he could get a word out and hit him with a stare that withered even his ability to speak. 
They walked on in silence, so Rynn turned his attention to the remnants of the village and found that it had become a huge camp.  That afternoon there had only been a few tents; now there were hundreds of long, low canvas or hide structures stacked in rows so close that they were almost touching.  Rynn could not hope to understand the meaning of the structures – even if every villager had their own tent, it would be too many.  
Before he could think on it, their journey ended.  They stood before the same large tent he had visited that afternoon.  His guide pulled the flap aside and motioned him to enter.  Rynn took a deep breath, stepped inside, and was blinded by a bright light.  Squinting and blinking, he searched for the source of the light, but it just seemed to exist in the tent without any variation in its intensity.  It was as if the very air glowed around him.  He searched the tent but found no lamps, candles, or explanations.  Beyond the light, the scene in the tent had not changed from the one he had witnessed that afternoon.  In the middle of the tent was the same old man, sitting on the same collapsible stool, with the same men flanking him in their still-wrinkled black robes.  
Rynn moved so that he was in front of the man on the stool – he was obviously the leader.  He stood with his chin high as his father had always told him to do, but his hands were shaking, his heart was beating out of his chest, and his eyes ached to study his shoes.  Normally, his mind would have been full of questions, but facing the strange old man, he could not seem to think of a single word, let along speak them.
"So you are still proud,” the old man said with distaste.  “I like pride, but only in those who know how to use it.  Your pride is because you were told to have it, not because you can earn it, not because you believe it.  You will be broken of it, and then someday, perhaps, you will earn it back.”  The man's voice was like the hiss of sandpaper across wood and the edge in it was so strong that Rynn did lower his chin.  His knees trembled under the pressure of a devious smile.
The old man laughed.  It was a terrible sound, the maniacal cackles of a madman.  The sound made Rynn’s mind spin and body shake.  It made him desperately afraid.  He could no longer think for the fear that gripped him.  It was a mad kind of fear that overpowered all sense of rationality until he thought that he might run from the tent in a hopeless dash for freedom or, in the same stroke, fall to the ground and weep like a child.  When that feeling had grown so powerful that he could no longer control it, the laughter stopped, and the fear was gone as if someone had turned a switch in his mind.  
"Fear, I like much better.”  The old man’s voice had become sweet, almost fatherly.  “For now, it is fear that will open your mind to Hilaal’s power.  When you are afraid, you are thinking only of yourself.  Order be damned.  You will do anything to survive.  You will rend the very laws of nature to overcome your fear.  That is power.  That is strength.” 
"Ah, but, you will learn all of that in time.”  The old man waved off the words as a meaningless philosophical digression – Rynn did not understand any of it, so it was just as well.  “I am being rude.  My name is Thay a’ Raginor, but my followers refer to me as the Belab."  The last was said with an extraordinary gravity as if he had just said he was the San Chier Emperor – his name actually denoted that he was an imperial bastard.  The other men in the tent bowed their heads in deference – the lone movement they had made since Rynn entered.
Before Rynn could respond with his own introduction, the man spoke his part.  "And you, my child, are Rynnier de Alettenhof lal Hurchstal, the third son of the Lord Baron of Hurchstal and current student of the Order and the Way at the University of Liandrin.  You are in training for a place as a counselor, if I am not mistaken.”  
Rynn could only nod at the accuracy of the assessment.  It seemed to give the old man great pleasure.  “I do so love irony,” he chuckled to himself, but Rynn failed to see the irony and focused on remaining calm.  
“You are commonly known as Rynn?  You do not mind if I call you Rynn, do you?"  The old man smiled and paused as if expecting an answer.  
For the first time in his life, it took Rynn a long time to find his voice, and even then it was weak.  "N . . . No!"
There was another laugh from the Belab.  "You seem less talkative now, my child.  Did you sleep well?”
“I . . . I slept fine,” he managed.  Rynn did not remember having ever talked to this man.
“That is an understatement.  You have been asleep for a day and a half.  I finally had to send someone to rouse you, but you should feel better now.  You were hysterical the last time we spoke.”  
The image of himself lying on the ground begging, wracked with pain flashed through Rynn’s mind.  The image shook him to the core, but he could not explore it further before his attention was drawn to the old man.  
“Do you know why you were singled out from the others?"
When he did not answer, the old man prodded him with a light, "Hmmm," to which Rynn finally replied, "No . . .  no, sir, I . . . I don’t, but I assume it has to do with my father.  You should know that he will not pay a high ransom.  We never have gotten along, and he would probably be just as happy if you keep me. . . ."
"I am not concerned with your father.”  The old man growled before he composed himself and turned sweet.  “He has nothing to do with why you are here.  Yesterday, you were tested, Rynn, and you passed.  You have within you a spark that no other in this village possesses.  Have you ever heard of Hilaal's gift?"
Rynn only shook his head when he found that he could not seem to speak no matter how he tried.  Belab continued without concern for whether there had been a shake or not.  "You will know Rynn of Hurchstal, and you will count yourself fortunate.  Hilaal has granted you powers beyond your wildest dreams, the ability to change the order of the world, and all you must do in return is serve Hilaal, Hilaal and me."
Rynn still did not have the slightest idea what the old man was talking about – Hilaal was he evil brother of Hileil from the old legends in The Book of Valatarian – but it was clear that he was utterly mad.  Serve him?  What kind of bandit was this?  The thought nearly made him laugh, but the next turn in the conversation ended any sense of mirth.  
"Unfortunately, before we can begin that phase of your life, you have another purpose to fulfill.”  The old man watched him for a moment with apparent regret.  Finally, he sighed and began again.  “Now, my child, I understand that you know something of a young man named Dasen Ronigan."  The man was smiling and speaking as if they were the best of friends, but Rynn saw through this farce.
"I don't know anyone of that name,” Rynn lied nervously.  “You must be mis . . . ."  
He did not have the chance to finish his sentence as every nerve in his body erupted in pain.  It was like nothing he had ever experienced, like a thousand needles stabbing him at once.  The pain was everywhere, and all he could do was convulse, unable even to scream.  
The pain extended for an eternity before it suddenly ceased.  Rynn fell to the ground panting.  His heart hammered, and his eyes rolled in their sockets.  When he had recovered enough to raise his head from the ground, the Belab began again in the same sweet voice as if nothing had happened.  "Now, I believe we were discussing your friend, Dasen . . . ."

#

Rynn was subjected to the pain twice more while he spoke with the Belab.  By the end of the third session, he was sprawled on the ground thrashing uncontrollably.  That last session had lasted until the pain seemed normal, until Rynn could no longer remember what it felt like to not be in pain.  When the agony finally ended, he continued to convulse and heave as his body revolted against the treatment.
"As you no doubt recall,” the Belab continued before Rynn could even open his eyes, “I was wondering where your friend Dasen might seek refuge, what family he has, which people he trusts.  You had said that you did not know, but I suspect that you may want to change that answer."
Shaking uncontrollably, Rynn fought to speak through the spasms that shook him.  His words came out in a soft slur.  "I . . . I don’t know.  I’m not from here . . . and Dasen hasn’t been here in . . . in twelve years.  We only came for . . . for his joining ceremony.”  With that, he broke into tears.  “Please . . . please, don't hurt me anymore.  I. . . . I’ve told you everything . . . everything I know."  He was telling the truth.  He would do anything to keep the pain from returning.  
The Belab sat silently for a long time.  Overcome by fear, Rynn watched him, praying between pants that he would be satisfied.  The old man’s eyes were closed, and he was very still as if in deep meditation.  “So we will have to try another track,” he finally mumbled to himself.  
A moment later, the Belab was reaching down to help Rynn to his feet.  He pulled him up then traced a shape on his forehead with his finger.  When he spoke his voice was kind, full of affection.  "I am sorry, Rynn.  Truly.  Please, do not think that I did this because I wanted to.”  He sighed.  His face was full of sadness so that Rynn felt as if he should be comforting his torturer.  At the same time, he felt his pain and fear ebbing away.  “It has made me ill to hurt you.  You have been given Hilaal’s gift.  You are a son to him and thus to me.  We should be celebrating as a family reunited instead of fighting like strangers.”
The Belab put his arm around Rynn.  Rynn tried to pull away, but his anger was almost gone and the old man’s eyes were so deep that Rynn felt like he was falling into them.  All his resistance faded.  The pain he had felt a moment before seemed a lifetime gone.  Calm and assurance filled the void, a sense of belonging, oneness, and love.  
“It is the same as a father who beats his son,” the Belab was saying.  “He does it only to make him better, to teach him.  So it is with you.  I had to do this to protect you, to protect all of us from this young man who pretended to be your friend.  But I see now the terrible mistake I have made.”  The Belab rubbed his brow as if troubled and tired.  “You do not even know who you are.  You could not possibly know the stakes we face, could not see how Dasen has manipulated you.  You have only just met your new family, and this is how we treat you?  It is a disgrace, and I apologize.”
The Belab sighed.  Rynn looked into his eyes and again saw compassion, understanding, everything his own father had never given him.  How can I be angry with this man?  Why was he even apologizing?  Rynn could not seem to remember how he had ever been wronged by the Belab.  He smiled.  “You . . . you only do what you must, great one.” Rynn heard himself saying.  He wasn’t sure where those words had come from, but he suddenly believed them with all his soul.  
The Belab returned his smile with a grin that split his wild beard and added light to his dark eyes.  “Thank you, my son.  I am glad that you understand.  But I am sorry to say that Dasen is still a great danger to us, to your new family.  I know that he has hurt you, has manipulated you, kept you under his thumb.  I know how he has lorded over you, used his wealth, his intellect, his charisma to keep you in thrall.  But it was all a lie, my child.  Do you see now what he has done to you?”  The Belab paused as if expecting an answer, but Rynn was confused.  He didn’t remember Dasen that way.  Yet, as the Belab spoke, it all seemed true.  
“He has always been better,” the Belab continued, “one ahead of you in your classes, with your friends.  And he taunted you about that, didn't he?  Taunted you and threw it in your face that you would never be joined.  That he would have a wife and you would have nothing.  He had everything to give but could not spare a single ounce from his overflowing cup.  Did he offer you a position in his company?  Did he arrange an apprenticeship with his father?  Did he turn the girls he scorned to you?”
Rynn found himself shaking his head.  “No,” the Belab answered his own questions.  “You were nothing more than his clown.  Not even worthy of his scraps, less than a dog at his table.  And now that he has a wife, do you think he will even have time for his clown?”
The Belab shook his head in dismay.  Rynn could feel his anger building.  How had he not seen it before?  How had he allowed himself to be used that way? 
“I am sorry, my son,” the Belab consoled.  He held Rynn in his arms, embraced him as his own father never had.  “I am sorry to be the one to tell you these truths, but you must free yourself of those chains if you are to reach your potential, if you are to become one of us.  We want you as part of our family, your true family.  You are no one’s clown any longer, Rynn.  You are a child of Hilaal, a great and powerful man whose potential has just now been discovered.”  
Rynn looked up and saw the old man smiling.  He smiled as well.  The Belab spoke to him affectionately.  “I am sorry, for all the pain you have suffered at the hands of your supposed friend.  It hurts me more than you know.  I would love nothing more than to punish him, but revenge is not our way. . . .”
Rynn felt his hatred seething at the mention of Dasen.  Images of Dasen laughing behind his back, enjoying all the women who had scorned him, ridiculing him to his father, the two of them joking at the idea of Rynn working with them crowded his mind.  The Belab patted his shoulder with a look of understanding.  “No, my child.  Revenge is for those like Dasen who revel in the pain it causes.  We must strive to give him understanding, just as you have come to understand.  We will redeem him and bring him to the service of Hilaal.”  
Rynn was rueful.  He wanted revenge, wanted to see Dasen suffer, but he was also confident that the Belab knew best – the Belab always knew.  He nodded his agreement.
Seeing the concession, the Belab turned to the other men and said, "He is ready."
With those words, a hole opened in front of Rynn.  It was a spinning disc of black that expanded until it was the height of a man.  Rynn watched the thing, afraid of whatever it was, but he was steeled by the presence of the Belab, his father, his savior, so he did not draw back from the dreadful shape.  
The Belab gestured to the disk and patted Rynn on the back.  "Go now, my child.  This gate will lead you to a place where you will learn to use your gifts, where you can learn to reach our full potential.  Learn quickly, for you will need all the knowledge they can give you to find your former friend and bring him to us."  
Rynn looked back one more time at the old man, and they embraced.  From somewhere, the memory returned of Dasen his friend, but he pushed it aside and replaced it with an image of the Belab.  He knew his friend now, and he knew his enemy.  He would do as the Belab suggested.  He would bring Dasen to him, but he would ensure that he suffered first, suffered for all the things he had done and all the things he hadn’t.  
The Belab released him and turned him to face the black disk.  The old man smiled broadly and motioned him forward.  Rynn held the image of the Belab in his mind as he stepped through the black corridor toward his future.

#

As the portal shrank to oblivion behind the Belab’s latest progeny, a ruffling sounded outside the tent.  The interruption annoyed the Belab, but he motioned to the man on his left.  That man made a gesture, and the tent flap flew open.  
On the other side was a short creature with translucent wings, a spike-riddled exoskeleton, and a face dominated by a vicious double set of mandibles.  The creature seemed impatient to enter, so Belab motioned it in.  It walked on two sets of double-jointed legs that ended in opposable toes.  Halfway up the multi-segmented body were two similar sets of limps that acted as its arms.  Past its mouth were two huge black eyes that did not dispel its similarity to an insect. 
When the creature was in the room, it made an awkward bow.  “Great Belab, we have failed to take the boy.  You were correct in your assessment of his position, but Hileil has given him powerful protections.  He escaped across the river, and we were unable to find him through the trees.”  The creature paused to gather itself and speak the last.  “The losses, I am afraid, were . . . .”
The creature fell to the ground before it could finish.  Belab’s face never seemed to change as he mumbled the words that dissolved the creature.  After a few moments, its thrashing had turned into a slow gurgle as its body liquefied and soaked into the ground beneath the tent.  
“I did not expect you to succeed, my friend, but I still cannot tolerate failure.”  Belab spoke calmly, almost with remorse for what he had just done.  “This boy is dangerous.  I could sense it as soon as we crossed the Devil’s Teeth.  I should not have been so careless.  He needs to be controlled, to be crafted.  Otherwise, he could be ruin everything.”  
He thought for a moment then continued as if speaking to himself.  “Sending the tal’ ladorim was foolish.  I should have known that he would be protected by forces that they could not overcome.  Likewise, I cannot confront him.  Not now, not as an enemy.  We cannot risk opening him to the full extent of his powers.”
The words ended there as the old man pondered.  None of the other figures in the room moved.  A long time passed as the Belab thought.  “Yes!” he concluded to himself.  “This new path will have to do.  He will have to be handled delicately, handled by those he trusts.  We have his friend.  His father is within reach.  If we are patient, he will fall into our hands.  He will make the mistake that will turn even his own against him.  Once that is done, he will come begging for my help.  Help that I will be only too glad to give.”



Chapter 22


The clash of steel on steel echoed across the courtyard like a thousand discordant cymbals played by an army of children.  Avoiding one of those clashes, Jaret Rammeriz slid easily beneath a whistling blade.  The wind rush past his steel cap as he stepped in and slammed his left hand into his opponent’s mail-covered ribs.  His foot followed, snaking easily behind the man’s thick legs.  Unprepared for the simple rejoinder, the legionnaire grunted, reeled back, lost his footing, and crashed to the ground in a tangle of limbs, blades, and armor.  
“What in the name of the great and holy Order was that?” Jaret admonished as he whirled around to stand above his opponent.  
The big man just sat, looking stunned by how quickly he had been upended.  Jaret was equally stunned.  How had this fool earned the blade of a legionnaire fighting like that?  He shouldn’t have made it past the first day in the Camp.  He looked back down at the man, trying to hide is considerable contempt.  He wore the uniform of a legionnaire: loose black pants, red shirt, black leather vest with a red sun embroidered on the chest.  A jerkin of light steel rings had been draped over the vest, acting as he man’s only armor beyond the steel cap on his head.  In that regard, he looked exactly like all the other hundred or more men who were skittering back and forth across the huge walled courtyard just north of the Great Chamber in Sal Danar.  The difference was that this one was sitting on his ass rubbing his ribs where the blunted weapon in Jaret’s left hand had hit them.  He was not seriously hurt.  The weapon was nothing more than a handle with a simple guard and a half-circle of steel, but Jaret found that it was the best way to illustrate the pain of being stabbed without actually killing his men.  
Jaret looked down at the padded training sword in his other hand.  He had had not even needed it in the recently completed bout – his opponent had swung so wildly that he did not even feel the need to block his blows.  All around them, men floated across the courtyard in elaborate dances of mock violence that would hone their already formidable skills.  They had just started their exercises, but already their uniforms showed the signs of their exertion.  It was very early, the sun was just beginning to peak above the horizon, but it promised to be a hot, sticky day in the huge city on the sea.  Already the air was thick and heavy with humidity, and no breeze stirred to shift the stifling air.  Jaret wished that it would rain, not only to wash some of the humidity and stink from the city but also to revitalize the countryside, which had been suffering from what seemed like years of drought.  As it was, the only clouds in the morning sky were high and wispy.  They would burn off by the time the sun was above the white spires just east of them where the Palace of the Dawn scarred the horizon.
“What is our name legionnaire?” Jaret growled, returning his attention to the man who was just now finding his way to his feet.  “And how the hell did you earn your blade fighting like that?”  The display of swordsmanship that he had just witnessed had been an embarrassment, and Jaret would have an explanation.  The Legion of the Rising Sun was meant to represent the best that the Empire had to offer.  He might have expected such foolhardy zeal from a new recruit, but there was no excuse for it from a man who had received one of the specially marked blades that denoted membership in the Legion.
“My name, Lord Commander, is Yatier.”  His voice was conciliatory, but his mouth was quirked in a half-smile, his expression cocksure.  By the Order, who could have recruited this clown? Jaret wondered and spared a glance at the center of the courtyard where a small cluster of officers directed the training from a tall platform that provided an unobstructed view of every contest.  “I am sorry, Lord Commander.  When I saw that you would be my sparring partner.  Well, I supposed I became over excited.  If you will give me another chance, I will try harder to meet your expectations.” 
Jaret inspected the legionnaire from top to bottom.  Who the hell talks like that?  He towered a full head above Jaret and was half again his weight, but that had as much to do with Jaret’s diminutive stature as the legionnaire’s size.  His blockish features were framed by a close-trimmed brown beard.  His nose was long and regal, his cheekbones were high and proud, and his lips were large and red.  Brown braids hung out of the back of his helmet down the back of his vest.  The features surprised Jaret.  They were noble.  The man’s skin was fine, without a scar or pock.  It stood in contrast to the rough, weather-beaten faces like Jaret’s that defined the other men in the courtyard.  In contrast to Jaret’s square jaw, blunt nose, sullen brow, and leathery olive skin, this man was the form of male perfection.  
Jaret’s first reaction was that he must be a noble, but the first rule of the Legion was that it included no one of imperial blood.  Could this be some unaccounted bastard?  He dismissed the idea as soon as it occurred.  The nobles kept as close a watch on their bastards as they did their legitimate children.  An unanswerable question, he decided, and one that did not matter much in any case.  This man was a legionnaire now.  His background was inconsequential.
The hair was another issue altogether.  He made a quick inspection of the courtyard and found not a lock peeking out from a helmet.  He had been away from Sal Danar for several weeks now on a dreadful review of the countryside and had feared that the whole world had come undone in his absence, but the man in front of him was, thankfully, the exception, not the rule.  Discipline must have fallen precipitously in the Camp, the facility in the remote northern forests where the legionnaires were trained.  Jaret had not seen this man before, so he must have received his blade very recently, a new graduate.  By the Order, even the Camp is falling apart, Jaret cursed and made a mental note of one more thing needing his attention.  
“You’re used to fighting in armor, heavy plate, is that correct?” Jaret finally asked.  The legionnaire was taken aback by the question but eventually nodded. 
By this time, Commander Traeger Hanar had noticed that two of the men in the courtyard were not sparing and had made his way to the doldrums.  “What in the Order's holy name are you two doing?” he yelled as he approached.  “This isn’t some hen party.  We’re not here to talk stitching or swap recipes.  I had better hear steel on steel by the time I get to you, or you’re going to cross blades with me.”
Jaret stepped out from behind Yatier and signaled to Commander Hanar.  “It’s alright, Traeger.  We’re just discussing his man’s technique and will be back at it in a minute.”
At the sight of Jaret, Traeger pulled up and put his hand to his chest in salute.  “My apologies, Warlord.  I didn’t realize you were with us today.”  He said it with a wry smile that Jaret knew all too well. 
“As I had intended,” he called back.  Traeger was the commander of the Legion and one of Jaret’s closest friends, but he could hardly tolerate the man’s insubordination sometimes.  “And if you call me warlord one more time, I’ll send you back to the Camp as a recruit and make you go through training again.  Now get your lazy ass back on your little platform before you get hurt.”
“As you command, Warlord,” Commander Hanar smiled, saluted again, and bowed slightly.  
So much for remaining inconspicuous, Jaret thought and cursed Traeger as he strode back to his place in the center of the courtyard.  Jaret had hoped to shed his mantle as the Empire’s most senior military commander and be just another legionnaire for this short period of exercise, but he should have known that anonymity was a luxury too much.
The success in battle that had propelled him to his position had also made Jaret a well-known figure throughout the Empire, and even if the average man did not know his face, the legionnaires certain did.  He had founded the Legion, selected his first members, and grown it into not only an elite fighting unit but also an information and control mechanism that was woven into every aspect of the Empire’s military forces.  
The Legion was critical to everything Jaret did, so he spent an inordinate amount of his time with its members.  He trained with them, spoke to each new man personally, and shared their tables more often than not.  As a result, most felt comfortable enough to joke with him, tell him bawdy stories, and give him a good bruise if he didn’t keep his guard up.  Yet he could never truly be one of them, could never allow it.  It was important that the legionnaires respected him, but it was far more important that they follow him, follow him without question or thought.  And that kind of loyalty required something more than respect.  It required reverence.  It required him to be something more than just another soldier no matter how much he longed to forget that he was Imperial Warlord Jaret Rammeriz.  
“Shift!” Traeger yelled as he strode to the platform.  
It was the signal for the men to change partners, and it brought the sparing to a sudden halt.  The men, who had been beating on each other a minute before, stepped back to form two circles, bowed to each other, and then rotated one position in opposite directions.
Yatier gave a sigh of relief and began to bow.  “Not you,” Jaret growled.  “You are staying right here.”  He turned to the legionnaire that was shifting to face him.  “Go around,” he ordered.
The legionnaire, a veteran that Jaret knew well – his name was Sorgé Paulitine, but the men called him Pauli – gave a dry smile and stepped to the side.  He knew what it meant to have a special session with Jaret.  A new man might think it an honor.  And it was, but a painful one.  Yatier seemed to come to that same conclusion.  His half-smile was replaced by fright that quickly transformed to resolve.
“Begin!  History!”  With those two simple words from Commander Hanar, the courtyard erupted with the ringing clatter of steel on steel and the scattered conversations of legionnaires, who were now discussing history between blows and puffs of breath.
“Well, Yatier, I hope your knowledge of history is better than your swordplay.”  Jaret scowled as he brought his sword up.
Yatier took a deep breath and followed suit.  He took a probing swing.  Jaret easily blocked it but did not press the attack.  He planned to let Yatier relax and gain some confidence before humiliating him again.  The first blow was followed by a clever parry and thrust that Jaret almost admired, but only because the man’s other attempts to this point had been so far from admirable.  
The sparring continued for a few more strokes.  “Well, are you a mute?” Jaret scolded as he slashed Yatier’s blade to the side and tapped him in the ribs with his dome-shaped dagger.  He only hit the man hard enough to bruise but saw his lips purse.  “If you aren’t going to use those lungs for anything else, they might as well test my dirk.”
“Yes, sir,” Yatier responded between gasps.  “What . . . would you have me tell you?”
“History, damn you!  You heard Commander Hanar.”  Jaret flicked his wrist, sending his sword zipping under Yatier’s attempt to parry, and into his thigh.
“Yes, sir.  May I ask . . . a ques . . . ?”  The dagger hit Yatier in the stomach.  He was ready for it and clenched his muscles so that he did not lose his wind, but it would be another painful bruise tomorrow.
“Did Commander Hanar say, ‘Questions’?” Jaret barked and casually swept the legionnaire’s blade away.
“No, sir.”
“Then tell me some history.”
“Yes, sir.  How about . . . the . . . the Second War . . . of . . . of Pindarian Succession?”
“I won’t have you trying to flatter me, legionnaire.  I was there.  I already know what happened.  Tell me about the Liandrin Revolts.”  
The legionnaire looked surprised.  “But Lord Commander . . . you wrote the . . . the definitive history of the revolts.”  He flinched when the dagger struck him in the center of his back.  Jaret had spun all the way around him when he had made an ill-advised overhand swing.
“You have died for the fourth time now in the last five minutes.”  Jaret called a pause to the session and rounded on the legionnaire.  “I think that is some kind of a record.  Two thing.  First, you are not wearing heavy plate and are not fighting some mob of unarmored peasants who are holding spears for the first time.  You have nothing more than your helmet, that vest of rings, and your sword to protect you.  You cannot swing like some lumbering brute.  You can get away with wild swings when you are in armor because it will protect you against an untrained counter.  But without that armor, a wild swing will kill you and, more importantly, endanger me if I am standing next to you.  Even if you slash your opponent clean in two, his friend will put his spear right through you.  Remember, dead is dead.  You can’t kill a man any more than once no matter how hard you hit him.
“Speed is your weapon now.  Skill, patience, control.  With those you can defeat anyone.  You can face ten men at once.  No one will stand against you.  Understand?”
“Yes, Lord Commander,” the legionnaire answered formally, the smile returning to his lips.
Jaret watched him.  Something isn’t right here.  He could still not believe that he had made it through a year of training at the Camp.  It was the most rigorous, most difficult training that any man could face, and that came only after they had been hand-picked as the absolute best in their original units.
“The second thing,” Jaret continued when he had decided that the first point was sufficiently made.  “Do you have any idea why Commander Hanar calls out a topic for each session of sparing?”
“No, sir.”  The answer earned Yatier a cuffing.
“What in the hell is Corwin doing at the Camp?” Jaret asked under his breath.  He did not expect an answer, though he would seek one from Sub-commander Corwin Thalim, the master of the Camp, soon enough.  
“For a true legionnaire,” Jaret said the word in such a way to denote that this man was not yet one of that number, “swordplay is a reaction.  It requires no thought.  Your body should be its own entity.  Now that is not to say that sparring does not require intelligence.  Just the opposite.  It requires so much intelligence and that intelligence must be drawn so quickly that it cannot be stored in the mind.  It must be stored in your muscles.”  He tapped Yatier on the arms for emphasis.  “If you wait for your mind to tell you what to do, you are already dead.  That is why we give the mind something else to do.  So it doesn't get in the way of what your muscles should be able to do without it.  Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now, I believe you were about to tell me about the Liandrin Revolts.” 
As the swords clashed together in a more impressive display, Yatier began to speak.  “I believe, Warlord, that the . . . . Ugh!”  Another blow glanced off his ribs.
“Keep that blade under control, damn you!” Jaret warned.
“Yes, sir!”  The swords slashed together in a series of parries as Yatier continued speaking.  “The Liandrin Revolts . . . is the single most important event in the history . . . of the . . . of the Empire, Lord Commander.  Agh!”  Jaret’s flicked his sword around to catch Yatier’s forearm.
“If you call me Lord Commander again, I’ll break that arm.”
“Yes, sir.  The revolts started . . . two hundred and thirty-one years ago . . . when . . . when Emperor Tzirion . . . named his cousin to be overseer of Liandrin.”  Yatier was panting through the recitation, but his sparring had improved.  Jaret was actually getting close to breaking a sweat.
“That is a pretty simplistic interpretation of events, legionnaire,” Jaret cautioned.  “I don’t like simplicity.”
“I suppose that was the proverbial . . . straw, sir.  By your own admission . . . it was centuries of corr . . . corruption that was symbolized by the . . . the appointment.”
“Correct.”  Jaret brushed aside a thrust but was pleased to see Yatier deftly dodge his counterstroke.  He was also pleased that the young man knew his history.  Jaret had studied the Liandrin Revolts for many years and had written a sizeable text on them and the events that led to them.  As a deeply religious man, he strongly believed that history was the clearest way to see the will of the Order and was adamant that his men learn its lessons and work to protect its traditions.  In that regard, at least, Yatier had not failed in his training.  
“It really started with the assassination of the Xi’ Valati by Emperor Canisious four hundred years prior to that,” Jaret continued.  “Remember, in that time, the Church controlled every aspect of every person’s life.  They practically told people when they could shit, let alone who they would marry, when they could have children, what color they could paint their flaming houses.  And if you didn’t follow along, the Emperor’s officials killed you.  No questions, only death.”
“But. . .”  Yatier paused as he narrowly escaped a stroke aimed at his knee.  The dodge left him off balance, and he fell back several steps.
“But what?” Jaret yelled as he pressed the attack.
“But . . . the Church, sir.  Xionious . . . Valatarian started . . . those controls . . . to ensure that people followed the . . . the Holy Order.  The Church . . . the Church set the laws based on their interpretation . . . of the Order . . . and the Emperors just enforced those laws.”
“True enough,” Jaret agreed, “and it might have worked if Valatarian had lived forever, but when he died the whole thing unraveled.  The Emperors’ powers grew until they controlled everything, both the creation and enforcement of the laws.  The assassination of Xi Valati Tollaru removed the final barrier.  From that point on, the Emperors controlled the Church and ruled unopposed.”
“Corruption grew,” Yatier picked up the story.  His smile returned between words and pants.  If Jaret did not know better, he would have guessed he was enjoying this.  “Every resource in the world . . . was soon dedicated . . . dedicated to the enrichment of . . . the Emperor and his family.  The people . . . tolerated it until . . . until Emperor Tzirion replaced . . . replaced the popular overseer of Liandrin.”
“His name?” Jaret asked as he danced back from an attack that ended with the Yatier receiving another bruise.
“Elden Risbourg de Nardees,” he answered between pants.  They had stopped for a moment while he caught his breath.  He seemed to be having trouble deciding which bruise to rub first.
“You know your history, Yatier,” Jaret commended.  “At least that's something.  What happened when de Nardees was replaced?”  He brought his sword around hard.  The sudden stroke caught the legionnaire by surprise.  He caught Jaret’s blade but could not keep the dagger from finding his stomach.
“The people revolted.   They . . . they hung the Emperor’s cousin . . . out the window of the palace by . . . by his own silk sheets.”
“And left him there for the crows,” Jaret growled.  “They named de Nardees the King of Liandrin and declared independence from the Empire.”
Yatier smiled at the repartee, but it disappeared when a stroke just missed putting a sizable dent in his helm.  “Most of the cities . . . to the west of the Olieati River . . . joined Liandrin, and . . . and the revolts began.”
They had fallen back to another rest, so Jaret finished the story.  “The Morgs abandoned the Empire and sold themselves lodge by lodge to the highest bidder.  The Empire was hopelessly outnumbered, but countless freakish disasters struck the rebels, and the war lasted twenty-six years.  But not even divine intervention – as some called it – could not save us.  The rebels bought the full support of the Morgs, captured Olieati, crossed the river, and routed the imperial forces in the Battle of Lorna Da.
“That ended it.  Liandria formed from the coalition of cities that had fought the Empire.  The sparsely populated lands to the west of the Alta River, which had remained neutral, broke into eighteen warring kingdoms.  The Morgs, who had always been outside of direct Imperial control, established formal borders.  And the Church of the Holy Order, under threat from a Liandrin plan to create their own hierarchy, recognized the new nations and gave up its role as the creator of laws, the Reinterpretation.”
“Stop!”  Traeger’s voice carried over the clash of steel around them.  The legionnaires in the courtyard, most of them sweat soaked and panting, stepped back into their two circles.  Jaret and Yatier followed suit.  Jaret was ready to move on to his next opponent – he wanted some real exercise this morning, needed the release from the burdens he carried – but Traeger had other plans.  “Same opponents,” he announced, “Questions!”
Jaret looked at his friend on the platform.  He could swear that he was suppressing a chuckle.  He was not allowed to assess the expression further.  He blocked a feinted jab then spun away from the thrust that followed.  “Better,” he complimented as he twisted away from another stroke then caught the counter with the guard of his dagger.
“Thank you, sir.  So, I guess . . . it’s my turn to ask . . . to ask you questions?”
“Those are the rules,” Jaret admitted with a scowl.  The questions sessions allowed the lower ranked or less tenured legionnaires to ask any question they desired of their superiors.  Jaret had a strong suspicion that Traeger only called for those sessions when he knew that Jaret was among the men.
“In that case . . .” Yatier pressed his momentary advantage with a series of quick blows that sent Jaret back a step.  “How did you reach your current position?  How did a peasant by birth become the de facto leader of the San Chier Empire?”
“Wouldn’t you rather like to know how I managed to keep myself from gagging when I visited your ugly whore of a mother last night?”  Jaret saw the man’s eyes grow wide and his teeth clench.  He rewarded the legionnaire with an especially hard poke in the center of his chest.  
“Don’t ever let your emotions get in the way when you’re fighting,” Jaret counseled.  “Being angry at your opponent is the surest way to let him kill you.”  The legionnaire fell back and rubbed the new bruise, but his anger was gone.  Jaret did not give him time to recover.  He pressed the attack as he spoke – if he was going to have to tell this story again, he was at least going to make the man pay for it.  
“As you apparently know, I was born a peasant, nothing more than a vine boy in a small vineyard south of Caliea.  But I was lucky enough to be recruited for the First War of Pindarian Succession.  By recruited, of course, I mean that the vine master put my name in a book and the sergeant led me and most of my friends away at the point of a sword.  I was thirteen.  The vine master got a purse.  I got a spear and about five minutes of training.”  The memory made Jaret forget the advice he had just given Yatier, except it was the legionnaire that had to pay for Jaret’s rise in emotions.  A harder than planned blow to his helmet dented the vessel and left the legionnaire reeling.  
Jaret gave him a moment to recover.  “I was the only boy from the vineyard that survived the war.  My unit was all peasants, so we got to lead the charge into the Order-cursed Brak Wall every time.”  Yatier eventually brought his blade back up.  Sweat dripped from under his helmet.  He puffed for breath.  “Somehow, they kept finding more boys to fill our ranks, and somehow, I kept coming back alive.  It wasn’t because of any heroism, mind you.  I could barely tell you which side of my spear was the pointy one, but I somehow kept staying alive.”  A sharp exchange of blows cut off the words and sent Jaret dancing back.  His opponent looked like he was about to collapse, but he kept coming.  “Soon enough, I was a sergeant.  All the real sergeants had been killed, you see, and they needed to get new ones from somewhere. . . .”
“Control!  Control!”  Jaret yelled at Yatier, whose swings had become wild as he tired.  He danced in and tapped the man on the leg just hard enough to remind him what happened to those who were overzealous.
“Then, one fateful day,” he continued when Yatier had recovered his balance.  “The Pindarian mercenaries landed behind the siege we had laid on the wall.  We were routed to shit.  By luck alone, I happened to be standing next to Imperial Warlord Rastabi as he led the charge that sprung us from the trap.”
“Take a minute to rest.”  Jaret eased back from the legionnaire, who had become unbearably sloppy as his exhaustion mounted.  Yatier immediately put his hands on his knees and panted uncontrollably.  Jaret surveyed the other men around him.  They exchanged blows in a violent flurry.  The men chattered like squirrels as they worked.  Most of them dripped liberally, but none of them was as bad off as the man in front of him.  Again he thought about the letter he would be sending Commander Thalim.
Jaret brought his blade to his side and took a deep breath.  He was barely winded, and that pissed him off.   He was here to work out his frustrations, to forget what he faced, to revel in a challenge that he could actually control.  
“As I was saying,” he continued with a sigh of frustration.  “I was at the side of Lord Commander Rastabi when he made his famous charge.  He was a bastard, a real hard ass, but he was fair, and he could fight – not like a most of the nobles that find their way into our ranks.  In any case, he went through the mercenaries like a red-hot poker.  He saved my life about twenty times while I ran beside him, but the one time I saved his was the only one he remembered.  When we broke the trap and regrouped without about a third of our original number he made me a lieutenant and his glorified whipping boy.
“That was the battle that essentially ended the war.  The Empire and Liandria surrendered, and Pindar was born.  Rastabi kept me around.  Taught me to fight, taught me to command, taught me to fear him when he was drunk.  By the time, the old bastard died, I was a twenty-three year old sub-commander.”
“Come on then,” Jaret motioned to Yatier with his sword.  “If you want to hear the rest of this, you have to earn it.  We are almost done in any case.”
The legionnaire took a deep breath and pulled himself back up.  “Thank you, Lord Commander.  I think I know the rest.”
“Well, why don’t you tell me then?”  Jaret drove his sword hard into the legionnaire’s and saw his arm shake under the power of the blow.  He turned the man’s blade with the flick of his wrist and brought his own down onto his shoulder.  “You better start talking, or I will begin to wonder why you need all those pretty teeth.”
“Yes, Lord Commander.  You . . . .  Ugh!”  A blow caught the back of his knee.  “You were in command . . . of the garrison at Sal Cattali during the Second . . . Second War of Pind . . . arian Succession . . . .  The commanders did not think a peasant could lead an army into battle, so they left you with the garrisons.”  The fact was well known, but the legionnaire’s audacity in pointing it out earned him another bruise.  “You proved . . . proved them wrong, sir. . . .  When the Pindarians . . . defeated the imperial fleet . . . and landed their . . . their army at Ca’ Einir . . . you were . . . were the only thing between them and Sal Danar.  You led a mob of scraps into battle . . . outnumbered three to one.”
Jaret swung around the legionnaire, cut at the back of his knees and took him to the ground.  He landed hard on his back.  Jaret spun on him and leveled the sword to his throat.  “Don’t ever speak of your fellow soldiers that way again.  If I hear it, you will be cleaning the chamber pots of those ‘scraps.’  They die just like you and usually with a lot more guts.”  Jaret’s eyes blazed with the first real fury of the day.
“Yes, Lord Commander,” the legionnaire swallowed.  Jaret helped him to his feet.
“In any case,” Yatier continued, “you won.  You divided the mercenaries and sent them back to the sea.  That victory allowed the Empire to sign the treaty that ended the war.  Word spread, and five years later you were Imperial Warlord.  You were only thirty-eight.  You have held the post for sixteen years, and if rumors are to be believed, you are the true ruler of the Empire.”
Jaret laughed.  “Is that what they say?  Now that I have not heard.”  Traeger walking off of the platform toward them.  “I barely bloodied my sword in that battle, so I certainly did not defeat the mercenaries.  I only positioned my men so that they could carry the day.  And as we all know, the Emperor and the Imperial Council rule this nation.  I sit on the Imperial Council, but I am not even the Lord Steward and the Emperor barely knows I exist – a nation that spans a continent and has no enemies can’t very well have a warlord, can it?”  
That was a lie, but one that Jaret worked very hard to maintain.  The Emperor did not rule anything outside of his palace.  Due to an elaborate – and expensive – set of lies that had been maintained since the revolts, the Emperor still believed that the Empire stretched to the Clouded Range.  It was a lie that allowed the real leaders of the Empire to keep their heads, but one that cost the nation dearly.  The Emperor still expected tributes that were commensurate with his position and still appointed his friends and relatives to countless governmental and military posts without any regard for their abilities.  The result was a nation literally crumbling under the weight of taxes, corruption, and incompetence.  Sometimes, Jaret felt like he was the only person holding those pieces together, but as his tour had shown, he was rapidly running out of hands and time.  Unless the drought broke soon and bunker crops followed, the Empire might not last out the year.  
By that time, Traeger had reached them.  Jaret turned his attention to the commander and saw a broad, knowing smile.  Jaret would be sure to remember it when he was kicking the man’s ribs in the drunken brawl they would surely have that night – Traeger could not hold his liquor and liked to fight when he drank; it was the only time Jaret could beat him.  
“So, Commander as’ Pmalatir, did you enjoy your workout?” Traeger asked with a smirk and grasped Yatier’s hand.
Jaret looked at his friend in shock then at the legionnaire before him.  “What in the name of the Blessed Order are you trying to pull, Traeger?  This is Commander Yatier as’ Pmalatir?”
“At your service, Lord Commander.”  Yatier put his hand to his chest in salute and bowed.
“So you’re not a legionnaire?”
“I could only wish.  Especially now.”  Yatier smiled then winced and brought his hand to his tender ribs.  “I had heard about the Legion.  I dreamed of joining when I was a boy, but I know that you don’t accept anyone of . . . of imperial linage, so I asked Commander Hanar to let me participate in a training sessions.  I was not expecting to find you as my sparring partner, Lord Commander.”
“I would expect not,” Jaret tried to maintain his cool around a growing sense of honest concern.  “Well, it is nice to meet you, Commander.  I must admit that I expected something very different when your father made you Commander of the Knights Imperial.”  
Jaret offered his hand and took Yatier’s in a firm grasp.  He cursed himself for not recognizing the name sooner.  Yatier was the thirteenth son of the Emperor, well out of line for the throne but assured a high military or administrative post.  He had been made the Commander of the Knights Imperial just a few months ago, but Jaret had expected him to be like the rest of the pampered royalty that ebbed from the palace to pollute the ranks of the military.  Part of the reason Jaret had started the Legion was to train men to fill posts around the corrupt and incompetent imperial appointees who held far too many positions in the command structure of the Empire.  He had never seen an imperial brat who wanted to be part of the Legion or could take a thrashing without running to tell his father.
“I am glad to hear that I have disappointed your expectations, Lord Commander,” Yatier returned with a sly smile.  “It was a great honor to learn from a man of your reputation, though I must admit that the price was high.”  Yatier rubbed his bruises to emphasize the words.
“I’m sorry I was so rough on you.”  Jaret was not really sorry.  The man was not as bad as most imperial brats, but that just made him the shiniest turd in the pile.  Still, Jaret had to be careful.  The Emperor barely knew that Jaret existed, and he liked it that way.  The Emperor could still be dangerous if his ire was raised, and the bruises that Yatier carried could spell Jaret’s end.  “I did not realize that you had not been trained as a legionnaire,” Jaret continued.  “I should have guessed after the first exchange.  Hopefully, those bruises will save your life one day.”
Yatier nodded stiffly – Jaret did not like his tight smile.  “I am sure they will, Lord Commander.”
“I assume I will see you at the briefing today?”  Jaret was sick of the exchange now – no manner of nice talk was going to save him if this man ran to his father.
“It will be my first, Lord Commander.”  Yatier was suddenly wide-eyed with anticipation.  “I hope you will be pleased with the progress my men have made since my appointment.”  
“I’m sure you will not disappoint me,” Jaret hated the semi-annual briefings and, given the state of the Empire, would be very surprised if any of his commanders did not disappoint him.  “Now, I would like to have a word with Commander Hanar.  Please, excuse us.”
“Of course, Lord Commander.”  Yatier saluted again, bowed, then turned and strode confidently, but haltingly, from the yard.  In the meantime, the legionnaires had broken into groups that were practicing various skills from archery to strategies for confronting pikesmen, but Yatier seemed satisfied with the bruises he had already received. 
“What the hell was that, Traeger?”  Jaret scowled violently at his friend, who was chuckling to himself.  “Are you trying to get me killed?  You know if he tells his father he got thrashed by some peasant’s son, I’m dead.”
Traeger laughed.  “You worry too much, Lord Commander.  He’s a good kid.  I met him last night, and all he could talk about was you – a trait I find to be terribly annoying – so I arranged a meeting.”  He laughed again.  Traeger was a wiry man with sharp features and a long scar running across his nose and cheeks.  He looked severe, but those features belied a constant good humor.
“That mischievous streak of yours is going to get me in trouble one of these days,” Jaret scolded.  “And when it does, I’m coming after you.”  He shook his head and suppressed a laugh.  “I better cleanup for this briefing.  Will you be there?”
“You know I never come to that administrative crap.  I have work to do.”  Traeger laughed and marched to one of the clusters of men.  They were divided into two groups.  One group carried shields and long blunted spears while the others practiced breeching their defenses.  
Jaret let him go and walked toward the door that would lead him back into the Great Chamber.  His thoughts were already on the dreadful briefing that was scheduled to start in less than an hour.  He sighed as a legionnaire pulled the door open.  Damned imperial brats, he thought as he strode into the dark interior.

#

Two hours later, Jaret was kneeling in the Temple of Order before a statue of Xionious Valatarian.  Made of delicately carved granite, the twelve foot statue showed their savior with his hands outstretched, face clear, bald head pointed toward the sky.  His robes hung in perfect lines from his arms, shrouding his powerful figure.  Sandaled feet poked out from under the robes where they rose ever so slightly from the ground.  The sun shone through the stained glass window to the side, washing the Savior with greens, blues, and yellows as if anointing him with the divine light of the Order from the heavens above.  
The window showed the sun rising above the ocean, circled by gulls, casting out the dark night.  It was the symbol upon which the Empire had been founded, order rising out of the chaos of night to bind the world with its embrace.  For a thousand years, the Empire that Valatarian had founded had protected that order, had stood as a bulwark against chaos.  But now, Jaret wondered if the time had come for the sun to set on Valatarian’s mighty empire, if the world had moved beyond it, if the chaos had darkened it beyond any sunrise’s ability to save.
Still he prayed to Valatarian, asked their savior for some way to save the Empire he loved, to bind it together, to preserve it and the Order that it represented.  As with every day, the statue provided no answers.  But he came nonetheless, and somehow his problems always seemed less after he had shared them, after he had cast them to the Order and listened patiently, if unrequitedly, for an answer.
“If only I could convince the counselors to pray as you do,” a voice broke into Jaret’s dark contemplations.  An old man sat next to him on the bench at his back and placed a hand on his shoulder.  “If the Order did not need you as a soldier, I would find you a top place in the Hall of Understanding.  I think a life of study and prayer would suit you.”  The old man took a deep breath.  “Sit with me a minute.  I have not seen you in weeks.  Tell me of your trip.”
Jaret looked back over his shoulder into the eyes of Xi Valati Maciam.  He was an old man, with short white hair framing the bald pate of his head.  His nose was long, cheeks high and sunken.  Big ears stood out from his narrow head and great shaggy brows shielded his kind, brown eyes.  He wore a brown robe of finely woven wool.  It was embroidered with patterns that symbolized order at the cuffs, neck, and hem but was otherwise plain.  The wooden pendant – a magnificently carved and polished representation of the rising sun – that marked his position glistened like gold in the light of the lamps that illuminated the statue before them.
“Your Grace,” Jaret bowed, placing his head almost in the Xi Valati’s lap.  “I was secretly hoping that I might see you today.”
“Enough with the prostration.”  The Xi Valati lifted Jaret’s shoulders and guided him to the bench next to him.  He found Jaret’s hand and held it in his large, thin fingers.  “One could argue that it is I that should be kneeling to you.”  The old man laughed at Jaret’s look of shock and disgust.  “You take all this far too seriously, Jaret.  The best part of the Reinterpretation is that it allowed us to find the humor in the Order.  I am convinced that Hileil thought himself a comedian.  His jokes are woven into every crease of the Order.”
“As you say, your Grace.”  Jaret was never sure what to do with the Xi Valati’s informality.  Though the old man had become more of a father than Jaret had ever known, he would never be able to address the Order’s most senior interpreter with anything other than the utmost reverence.
The Xi Valati sighed long and deep.  He gestured to the acolytes that accompanied him, and they took several steps back, giving them some privacy.  “I always find it interesting how some men stand on their power like a mountain from which they can lord over their subjects while others carry that mountain on their shoulders to keep it from crushing the people below.  In the Empire, we have both such men simultaneously.  What do you think would happen if you simply set your burden down?”
Jaret did not answer immediately.  He had never thought of it that way, but lately, he certainly felt like there was a mountain on his shoulders.  “The mountain might sag a bit lower, but others would certainly take up the burden and may even lift it higher.”
“They would collapse,” the Xi Valati exclaimed, slapping his hands together.  “The whole thing would come crashing down.”
Jaret grunted.  The sentiment did not encourage him in the slightest.  If anything he felt his burden grow heavier.
“So what is troubling you today?  And don’t give me any of your stoic, ‘nothing important enough to worry the Order’ nonsense.  The only men who pray that hard are those with no other hope.  Was your tour that bad?”
Worse, Jaret thought.  It had been a disaster.  The people were starving, the nobles were indifferent, the army was a shambles, the crops were withered, the rivers were dry, and the anger was building.  He expected any day to learn that the scattered uprising that plagued the countryside had consolidated into full-scale revolt, that nobles were being hung, and a rebel army was marching on Sal Danar.  The Empire was teetering on the edge of collapse, and he couldn’t think of a single thing to do about it . . . save pray.  Hopeless indeed!
And for some reason, he told it all the Xi Valati.  Over the course of thirty precious minutes, he blurted out his problems like a child, like some half-brained girl.  He described the skeletons working the dusty fields, the hate in their eyes as their children starved.  He raged against the bloated nobles feasting in their silks and jewels, unwilling even to throw the scraps to the people they buried with their taxes.  He whined about the state of his army, half-starved, poorly equipped, ill-trained, lacking the discipline of a band of outlaws – and likely to become outlaws soon enough.  The Xi Valati listened to him blubber, nodded quietly, held his hand, patted his back, and made encouraging sounds.
When he finally ran out of complaints to heap upon the Order’s foremost representative, he felt wrung out, like he had poured every bit of himself out onto the old man’s lap.  “Do you feel better?” the Xi Valati asked.  
Jaret was surprised by the question.  He had done everything but cry like a baby.  He had expected a lecture about keeping his resolve, about not letting his troubles overcome him, about bucking up and acting like a man.  But the Xi Valati had never given him that lecture before; he was not sure why he expected it now.  Because that is what I would tell myself.  Jaret straightened, feeling suddenly ashamed for having laid his problems at the feet of another man.  He wanted to be scolded for his weakness, wanted to be told to stop crying, but Xi Valati Maciam would not let him off that easy.  If he had come with miseries, he wanted to help him with miseries.  
“It is of no concern,” Jaret said, turning away.  “The babbling of a child who realizes that mama can’t actually keep the monsters away.  Nothing more.”
“Jaret, look at me,” the Xi Valati commanded, his tone snapping as Jaret had never heard.  His head spun as if out of his control, and his eyes were held by the Xi Valati’s suddenly fiery stare.  “You see.  You have seen all our troubles, our miseries, all the ways we have failed.  And I would never dismiss those, but it is all part of the Order, all necessary for what will come.  We are entering a time of turmoil.  A storm is coming that will make these troubles seem as petty as your child’s fears.”  
The Xi Valati paused, held Jaret with his eyes, then moved his hands to his arms.  “You must weather that storm.  It will tear you apart, push you under the waves until you are certain you have drown, punish you as you have never been punished, but you must persevere.  You are a part of the Order’s great plan, a vital strand in the great tapestry, and you cannot allow the storm to disrupt that.
“Do you understand?”  The old man looked long and deep into his eyes, strength turning slowly to desperation.  “Things are not always as they seem.  The Order is stronger than you know.  The events of our lives are not as random as they seem, but we still must play our parts.  You must play your part.”  The Xi Valati loosened his hands slowly from where they were pressed into Jaret’s flesh.  His face relaxed, head sagged, shoulders drooped.  “That is as much as I can say, and it is already too much.”  He looked up and smiled.  “Thank you for coming here today.  It has been my great pleasure to know you, Jaret Rammeriz.  May the Order guide and protect you.”
And with that, the Xi Valati stood.  He turned and walked away without another word, without a look back, without any acknowledgment of the man he had left agog on the bench behind.  His acolytes fell in behind him and he simply walked from their secluded nave and disappeared into one of the many doors that led from the main hall, leaving Jaret to ponder what any of it had meant.



Chapter 23


“. . . .  When our men are gathered in Olieati, we strike Valden.  We will crush the rebellious dogs, divide their forces, and march unhindered on Liandrin.  Of course it is not that simple. . . .”  
Jaret stopped listening to the small man at the other side of the long table.  Nabim an’ Pmalatir, Commander of the Western Peace, had been speaking for what seemed like hours, droning through every detail of his elaborate plan to invade Liandria.  The idea was utter hogwash, and Jaret listened to just enough of it to be certain that he could properly denounce it when the commander’s time was through.  
A glance at the hourglass in the center of the table showed that it would still be some time before that fortuitous event occurred, so Jaret turned to the agenda in front of him.  He already knew what he would find there, but like a jilted lover, he kept returning in hopes that the unyielding list had finally changed its mind.  And like that lover, he kept finding the same heartbreak.  They were over halfway through the briefing, but he had grouped the imperial appointees at the end, and there was still time allotted for four of them after Commander Nabim.  The thought made him groan in dismay.
The half-hour allotted to each commander was meant for updates on the status of their forces.  Jaret wanted to know about the equipment, training, and morale of the various components of his army, but Commander Nabim had started what was sure to be an agonizing trend away from such useful information by choosing instead to present a plan that would surely result in all of their deaths.  Undoubtedly, Nabim considered it the best way to conceal the fact that he had stolen his men’s equipment, failed to train them, and, as a result, lowered their morale considerably.  Jaret sighed and reminded himself that it did not matter.  He already knew enough about Commander Nabim’s men from the legionnaires posted throughout his forces.  The frustrating thing was that he could do so little about it.
Nabim an’ Pmalatir had been the Commander of the Western Peace for over two years now.  Over that time, he never ceased to amaze with the extent of his corruption and incompetence, but he had been appointed by the Emperor, so Jaret could do nothing about it.  The regional command duties were not supposed to be open for imperial appointment – in other words, the Emperor was not supposed to know that they existed – but Nabim had told his cousin, the Emperor, that there had been an uprising in the West.  It had created a storm that had nearly cost the supposed overseer of the region – a man who didn’t actually exist – his head.  In the end, Nabim was appointed to command the Imperial Armies of the West, and Jaret had been forced to deal with him ever since.  He assigned legionnaires to subordinate positions and funneled most of the money and supplies through them while giving Commander Nabim pointless administrative jobs to keep him busy.  
The thought made Jaret’s temperature rise.  How could a nation function like this?  Realizing that he was about to explode, Jaret detached himself further from Commander Nabim’s elaboration and glanced out the high windows along the far wall of the room.  A few high clouds still drifted through the purest blue of the summer sky carried by a slight breeze that shifted the air just enough to keep the furnace-like heat from becoming overpowering.  The steady hum of carts on cobblestones, hawkers selling their wares, and jumbled conversations accompanied the breeze to remind him that he was surrounded by one of the largest cities in the world.  He could jump out the window right now and, following an eighty foot fall, land in the sprawling Eastern Market.  If not for the fall, the idea would be tempting.
The Imperial War Room was on the top floor of the Great Chamber, the huge administrative building that completely surrounded the Palace of the Dawn in the eastern most part of Sal Danar.  The Great Chamber was the largest single building in the known world, standing like a massive wall around the palace, and this room was one of its largest.  It had a high ceiling and tall glass windows that looked out over the city all the way past the Temple of Order and Hall of Understanding to the main wall in the distance.  Around the room was sparse utilitarian furniture: a massive oak table dominated the center of the room, small desks for aides lined the walls, and a huge cabinet full of maps was at the back.  The walls were decorated with still more maps that depicted the remainder of the once mighty San Chier Empire and its sparse military forces, but the map in front of Jaret was by far the most impressive.  The entire surface of the ancient table at which he sat was delicately carved to show the precise topography of the continent and inlaid to depict even the smallest roads and streams.  It was the most extraordinary map in the world and one of Jaret’s favorite tools.
Admiring that map, Jaret studied the area where the Olieati and Asmae Rivers met at Olieati.  The track from there to Valden was rich farmland.  Jaret knew from experience that it was a latticework of fences and fields with small, winding roads that were ill-suited for the movement of anything more than oxcarts.  The only reasonable way to move an army from Olieati to Valden, as Commander Nabim was suggesting, was to go up the Asmae River, but it was overshadowed by a series of gorges that were ideal for ambushes.  
Jaret shifted his view north.  If he were going to attack Liandria, that is where he would start.  He would mass his troops in the forests south of Souris where he might be able to maintain some semblance of surprise.  From there, he would race down the old imperial highway into Liandria.  He might even manage to capture Valden, though he would never hold it for more than a fortnight and would certainly not capture anything else before the much larger and better equipped Liandrin army sent him running.  That, of course, was why he had no intention of invading Liandria.  Still, he wished that if Commander Nabim was going to suggest such idiocy that it at least be well-constructed idiocy.  
With that thought, Jaret realized that Nabim’s time was, thankfully, complete.  The commander was just summarizing his ineptitude as the final grains ran from the glass.  Jaret allowed him to complete his rant about the power and glory of the Empire only because it would be mildly traitorous to disrupt such a sentiment, and he didn’t need any more political liabilities.  
“I am sorry, Commander Rammeriz, that I have gone over my allotted time, but I am certain you found it to be worthwhile.”  Nabim concluded with a sweeping bow.  His robes ruffled loudly at the excess of motion, and he spent several minutes adjusting them so that he could sit.  The over-puffed fool was wearing layer after layer of extravagant silk even on this hot day and was not aided by fingers that were encrusted in gold and gems so that he could hardly move them.  Finally, several servants, who had been taking up space at the back of the room with no purpose that Jaret could ascertain, scurried over and helped their master find his seat.  
The spectacle was so disgusting that Jaret did not know whether to laugh at or strike the ridiculous little man.  Undoubtedly, many of the extravagances that so burdened Commander Nabim had been purchased with the money that was supposed to buy food and equipment for the men under his command.  The very thought of it made Jaret ill, and from the look on Nabim’s face, he did a poor job of hiding his contempt.  
The puffed up little noble returned to his seat with his great beak of a nose held as high as he could manage and his layers of silk ruffling in a chorus of self-approval.  He scanned the room from his seat, accepting the silent congratulations of his fellow appointees.  They all looked much like Commander Nabim – though none was as outrageously ostentatious – and they were the only ones congratulating him.
Jaret scanned his own friends and advisors.  Unlike Nabim’s cronies, his men were dressed in simple military uniforms consisting of black pants, light-grey shirts with banded collars, and dark-grey jackets that buttoned almost to the collar.  The breast of each jacket was embroidered with a golden rising sun beneath which bars were arrayed to show the owner’s rank as either a commander or sub-commander.  Those jackets were unbearably hot on a day such as this and almost all the men had unbuttoned or removed them to show the sweaty cotton shirts that hid beneath.  All of those men had weathered faces and cold eyes.  None of them was smiling – though some were close to laughing.  
With one more look around the table, Jaret rose to his feet and shook his head in contemplation.  He decided to be gentle with Nabim, mostly because he did not feel like expending the energy on this hot day that would be required to rebuff him properly.  “As much as I believe in ‘reclaiming the glory and honor of the Empire’ and 'crushing the rebellious dogs' who ‘dare to bow to some master other than the Most Blessed Lord of the Morning Sun and Protector of the Holy Order Kristor az’ Pmalatir,’" Jaret used the Emperor’s full title with surprisingly little contempt.  "I do not think that now is the appropriate time to move on this plan.  I think that we would be better served by concentrating on the numerous problems here at home before we create new ones with our neighbors.  Perhaps we can reconsider this suggestion at some other, more appropriate time."  Hopefully never, he thought as he looked down at his agenda ready to proceed to the next fool in line.
"That is the splendor of this plan, Warlord Rammeriz,” Commander Nabim said as if Jaret were not capable of seeing the full depth of his genius.  “Once the people see that we are restoring the glory of the Empire, they will rally to us.  The troubles that now plague us will dissolve.  The Empire will be united, the people will cease their fool riots, and law will be returned to the fallen lands."
A groan escaped Jaret.  He scanned the table.  Nabim’s followers were nearly frothing at the mouth.  He would have to crush this plan before the others got it stuck in their heads and decide to do something without his approval.  Preparing his response, Jaret sauntered to the side of the table that depicted the border with Liandria.  When he reached his destination, he turned on Nabim with fire in his eyes.  His long sword slid from its scabbard and slapped onto the table in one smooth motion that left the blade at the throat of the Commander of the Imperial Guards – an imperial appointee.  The man almost fainted when the blade flashed before him.  
"Do you have any idea what is waiting for you on the other side of this line, Commander Nabim?"  Jaret ran his blade along the border between Liandria and the Empire but did not wait for an answer.  "There are forty thousand Liandrin soldiers along that border according to my sources and another sixty thousand behind those.  Now, despite your years of military experience and tens of successful campaigns,” many of Jaret’s men did laugh this time – Commander Nabim had never seen a battle in his life – “I don’t think that your ten thousand are going to defeat that force.”
Jaret walked over to another section of the map and slapped his sword down near the throat of another imperial stooge.  “There is also an entire nation of Morgs, in case you have forgotten, who have not seen a proper fight in almost twenty years.  Now, I know that the Empire can’t afford to hire them, so unless you plan on opening your coffers, I think they too will be fighting for Liandria.  And once they take the pass at Pada Por, we might as well cut our own heads off because with two hostile armies camped outside the gates of Sal Danar, it is going to be very hard to convince the Emperor that his power still reaches to the Clouded Range." 
Despite the drumming Jaret had just given him, Nabim remained calm and confident as if he knew something that no one else could comprehend.  He must not have read the scouting reports that Jaret had sent him.  They were false reports designed to keep the man scared – Liandria did not have nearly that many men, having scaled back their military – but the reports were meant to be read nonetheless.  Still, the fact that he was smiling through Jaret’s insults was alarming.  The man was obviously a grander fool than Jaret had guessed possible.  He pinned the commander with another piercing stare and concluded in his most sarcastic tone.  "That being said, this is a free council, and I will accept a vote on this proposal.  If my commanders believe it worthy, I will consider it.  So . . . all who wish to invite Liandria to burn our cities, pillage our lands, and separate us from our heads, please raise your hands to be counted." 
Jaret's hard eyes scanned the room inviting men to vote.  Many of his generals put hands over their mouths to hold back laughter while Nabim’s followers lowered their heads in shame for having listened to the idea in the first place.  No one, not even its originator, voted for the strategy, but the smile never left Nabim’s face.

#

Several hours later, Jaret was finally away from the briefing and walking through the long halls of the Great Chamber toward his rooms in the northern wing.  He had a pounding headache and was thanking the Holy Order that those dreadful meetings only took place twice a year.  There were so many more important things that he needed to do than listen to that bunch of buffoons and their increasingly foolhardy plans for reclaiming imperial glory, as if each were trying to outdo his fellows in absurdity.  
Even after he had put down Commander Nabim, other appointees had found the courage to offer only slightly less preposterous plans of their own.  The best of those, for comedic value, had been made by the Admiral of the Imperial Fleet, a squadron of a dozen ships meant for ceremonial events and to impress the Emperor when he looked out of the palace windows toward the naval yards.  The admiral, Koray an' Pmalatir, a brother of the Emperor but not a well-liked one, had suggested that the fleet be sent to raid the coasts of Kiz, which were covetously guarded by the mighty Pindarian Fleet.  
Jaret had actually considered letting him go.  He would not have gotten within fifty leagues of Kiz before the Pindarians found him.  Once that happened, it would be all over except for a few crashes and a loud gurgling sound as his ships sank to the bottom of the sea.  The plan would have been a good way to get rid of the expensive Imperial Fleet and its ludicrous commander, but it was not worth the risk of the Emperor missing his favorite ships and wondering about the change.
Laughing sullenly to himself, Jaret marched down the empty corridors of the Great Chamber.  Not even a rug ran beneath his feet to mute the clack of his boots on the stones.  The massive building was a bleak warren of rooms that had been stripped of every extravagance over the past two hundred years with everything of even marginal value making its way to the palace in the form of “tributes”.  The halls were especially quiet today, he realized, as he walked.  He was in the military wing of the building and most of the men who lived here were probably at the evening drills, but he was still surprised to see not another living person down the long corridor.
Thinking of the evening drills made Jaret anxious to get back to his rooms, and he increased his pace.  If he hurried, he could change in time to get the exercise he had missed that morning.  There were also a large number of legionnaires and officers in Sal Danar today for the briefing, and he was looking forward to seeing his friends.  After the drills, they were planning to spend the remainder of the evening carousing around the city like the soldiers they used to be rather than the bureaucrats they had become – such camaraderie was the only thing that made the seasonal briefings tolerable.  
Though he was not married and did not have any children – at least none he knew of – Jaret often felt like he had wed the San Chier Empire and lived a fairly chaste life as a result.  More due to lack of time than choice, he grumbled.  Still the idea of being married to the Empire made him laugh.  If that’s the case, he chuckled to himself, then why am I the only one not screwing my wife?
He was still chuckling at the dark joke when he strode around the final corner into the northern wing.  Around that corner along the inside of the hall stood a huge set of double doors that reached ten feet to the ceiling above.  The doors were there to block one of the many passages that connected the Great Chamber to the palace, but Jaret had to look twice as he passed because the doors actually blocked the passage.  He walked by those doors several times on the average day, but he could not remember ever seeing them closed.  
They’re probably cleaning them, he guessed and continued on without concern.  He did, however, take the opportunity to admire the beautiful gold and silver inlays on the huge doors – a rare treat given that the guards who usually blocked them were nowhere to be seen.  He had become a great lover of imperial antiquities over the last twenty years, so he slowed his walk and studied the magnificent doors in their undisturbed grandeur.  They were set to depict the sun rising above the ocean with the water done in silver and the huge sun a burst of gold.  It was a magnificent sight, and he suddenly wished that he had one of his notebooks with him so that he could add this to his collection of sketches.  If he were not already late, he would have run back to his apartment and done just that, but as it was, he needed to hurry.  
His eyes scanned the doors one last time from top to bottom.  
His sword flew from the scabbard at his hip.  His body coiled like a spring as his eyes and ears scanned the halls for some indication of a threat.  He glanced at the bottom of the door again to confirm what he had seen.  He shook his head in disbelief, but there was no way to deny the pool of crimson creeping from under the crack.  
Holding his blade out defensively, Jaret concentrated on protecting himself from attackers who might still be in the halls, but to his simultaneous relief and chagrin, there was not the slightest movement along the hall.  The obvious lack of an immediate threat eased his fear as it stoked his concern.  There should be someone around, he told himself.  This hall is never this empty.
Jaret’s heart hammered.  If someone had killed the guards that stood by that door, it did not suggest kindly as to their motives for visiting the palace.  He was the Emperor’s sworn protector, had pledged his honor and soul to the task, and as much as he disliked the Emperor, he had to fulfill that obligation.  He raced through his options.  His first thought was to solicit help from the barracks of the chamber guards some distance down the winding halls, but by the time he gathered the guards, it might be too late.  The other option was to go through the door by himself and rally the patrols of imperial guards on his way to the throne room.  As soon as he thought it, he knew that was what he had to do.  
He turned to the door, grabbed the gold-encrusted handle, and gave it a mighty heave.  The door proved to be heavier and less well oiled than he had hoped.  Instead of swinging smoothly, it crept toward him and stopped.  Undaunted, he continued to tug and realized only slowly that he was leaving himself open to attack.  He scolded himself for his carelessness as he jumped behind the door half-expecting assassins to pour from the opening he had created.  When there was no attack, he glanced around the portal and saw a crumpled figure lying with his back against the door.
Beyond the bloodied guards, the hall was empty, so he pushed himself through the doors that would lead to the palace.  The hall was windowless, but a series of lamps hung from the ceiling to illuminate the smooth stone floor and yellow carpet that ran down its expanse.  The carpet was old and worn but fine.  Now it was ruined by the blood that had soaked through it from the two figures laid haphazardly upon it.  
The men were dressed in the ceremonial armor of the imperial guards with long spears still clutched in their hands, but their breastplates were covered in the same dark blood that was soaking through the carpet and running under the door.  A quick inspection showed that their throats had been neatly cut from ear to ear.  The assassins clearly knew their work, but they were rushing.  A set of bloody tracks marked a brown path down the yellow rug.    
Jaret followed them at a sprint.  From the blood soaking through the carpet, he estimated that it had been fifteen minutes since the attackers had passed; he did not have time to lose.
At the end of the hall, another set of doors – the twins to the first – waited.  These provided access to the palace and were obstructed only by the bodies of two more imperial guards, each with an arrow protruding from his throat.  The halls to either side of those doors were barren, so Jaret followed the tracks into the Palace of the Dawn.  
As he ran, Jaret started wondering what was happening.  This could only be an attack on the Emperor, an assassination attempt, but who could be behind it, and how did they expect to succeed?  The assassins had come through the heart of the Great Chamber to reach the palace.  The Chamber was patrolled by the well-trained chamber guards, and no one but those men, the legionnaires, and Jaret’s officers were allowed to carry weapons in the fortress.  The doors he had passed through were on the very middle floor of the Chamber, in the heavily guarded military wing.  He calculated.  The assassins would have to pass no less than six guard posts to reach those doors from the closest gate. 
He almost stopped his pursuit.  It was inconceivable that a large group of men could make it that deeply into the heart of the Chamber without sounding an alarm.  The only possible answer was that he was pursuing a small number of men, probably less than five.  But how could any small group expect to reach and kill the Emperor, one of the most heavily guarded men in the world, with the sun still up, the palace alive with activity, and blood on their boots?  It was a preposterous idea.  Too preposterous, he thought.  No one would be crazy enough to try it, especially anyone capable of getting this far.  
Then other bits of information began to filter through.  Among them was the fact that the halls of the palace were not alive with activity.  He had not seen another living person since he entered the building.  Somehow, the people who lived and worked here knew to hide.  A small number of men would not create that kind of fear.  The tracks he followed were also widely spaced.  The man with blood on his boots was running.  A small band of assassins would not run.  They could not afford such reckless abandon; stealth would be their only weapon.
Jaret came to the end of the first long hall, rounded the corner, and saw all the evidence he needed to end his mental debate.  A dozen bodies in the armor of imperial guards were strewn about the wide hall.  Most still held their spears.  All were dead.  A few of the guards had been hit by arrows – one each, perfectly tucked into the area exposed by the lack of a faceguard on their helms – but most seemed to have been cut down almost off-handedly, as if they were mere annoyance to their attackers.  Despite that, the kills were clean, surgical.  The assassins did not waste a single stroke in dispatching their enemies.  This was not the work of five men.  The imperial guards existed primarily for show, but it was still not easy to kill twelve heavily armored men in a tight space without getting bogged down.  He guessed that it would take twenty men, all extraordinarily well-trained, to have done this.  
Jaret hurdled over and around the crumpled shapes, trying to avoid the sticky blood that generously covered the delicate tiles as real fear built in him for the first time.  He followed another series of bloody prints around a corner and saw a final guard lying face down with a single arrow jutting from his back – the thirteenth man in the traditional palace patrol, the one who was sent to raise the alarm.  These men were very good indeed, Jaret thought as he admired the efficiency of their work.  There was no doubt now.  The Emperor was in real danger, probably the most real in a thousand years.

#

The halls down which Jaret ran were brightly lit by immaculate stained-glass windows, great crystal chandeliers, or intricate lanterns of silver and gold.  Any of those light sources could feed a family for a generation.  Some had existed for hundreds of years, and all were so extravagant that he found his attention continuously drifting to them despite the urgency of his trip.  In turn, the light they generated revealed walls covered with marvelous tapestries, extravagant paintings, and intricate sculptures.  They depicted the glory of the Empire, history, and mythology in miraculous detail that would best all but the finest craftsmen.  
Despite those wonders, the seemingly utilitarian floor was a marvel beyond.  It was made of tiny tiles the size of a ladybug that had been laid to form rune-like designs in reds and bright-blue.  The magnificence of the floor was not in its beauty or the craftsmanship with which the tiles had been laid, but rather with the tiles themselves.  Those same tiles had been in the palace since before the creation of the Empire, and despite their eons of age, they never wore, faded, or cracked no matter how many feet strode across them or how much abuse was dealt them.  Today, as every day, they shone as if with an inner light beyond what should have been possible with any amount of polish; it was a wondrous art of a forgotten age.  
From those mysterious tiles the last of the bloody prints had faded several strides before, forcing Jaret to rack his brain for the quickest route to the throne room.  Over the ages, the various emperors had made so many additions to the palace that it had become an enormous labyrinthine shrine to extravagance.  For someone like Jaret, the Palace of the Dawn was a spider’s web of dangers, the one place where the Emperor’s whims were still followed with deadly authority, and he avoided it as virulently as the wisest of flies.  When he did venture into the heart of the Empire, he made sure he was accompanied by those who knew their way not only through the halls but also the political webs that stretched across them.  As a result, he had paid far too little attention to where he was going on those trips.  Now, as he passed one fabulously ordained hall after another, he cursed himself for his lack of attention.
He turned onto an especially long, window-lined corridor heading south then came to a large intersection with another long hallway running back to the east.  The throne room was in the eastern-most part of the palace, so he veered down the wide hall.  A fine rug padded the pounding of his feet.  Chandeliers in the shapes of flying cranes lit the space from above while multi-colored glass lamps modeled after flowers were spaced along the walls between delicately carved wooden doors and oil paintings.  Jaret allowed himself to marvel at the magnificent decorations as he ran and wondered how he had not noticed the chandeliers before.  The answer, he knew was that there was nothing to distract him from the antiquities.  Normally, these halls were thick with maids, bustling with couriers, and clogged by nobles.  Today, there was not another living being. 
The realization gave him another jolt of anxious energy, and he sprinted down the halls around one turn and another until the passages all began to look alike.  He stumbled upon another pile of bodies where a second patrol had been ambushed and followed another set of bloody prints.  The freshness of the blood told him that he was getting close.  
Suddenly, he wondered what he would do against a force that butchered armored guards without losing a single man.  He did not have much of a chance, he admitted, but if he could just get to the throne room before the assassins, he could rally the Emperor’s bodyguards, could buy time for the Emperor to escape.  It was not much of a hope, but he had pledged his life to the task, and it was a promise he was prepared to keep.
Around another corner, Jaret saw his goal.  The huge doors leading to the Emperor’s rooms were marked by the bodies of the half-dozen men who guarded them.  Each man had an arrow protruding from his face or throat – Jaret made a mental note to be careful of those archers.  An examination of the guards showed that he was very close.  One of them was still breathing, and from the location of the arrow, he could not have been hit long ago.  
Passed the colossal golden doors, which thankfully stood open, the hall continued on straight for a hundred paces to another set of equally mammoth doors.  Those doors led to the throne room, to the very seat of imperial power, and they were tightly closed.  
Jaret’s heart sank.  He was too late.  The doors were closed for the first time in his memory, but more disturbing than that were the two men who stood outside them.  They wore black pants with red shirts.  Over the shirts were black leather vests with an embroidered red sun that just peeked out from the steel rings that covered it.  Their faces were obscured by the haze of black veils, but Jaret did not need to see them.  He knew those uniforms well.  His heart sank.  He nearly dropped to the floor.  What have I done?  I have brought this on myself.  This is all my fault.
With a deep breath, Jaret dismissed his agony and ran down the hall.  The guards saw him and ran to meet him.  They pulled bows as they came, brought arrows to the ready, and fired.  
Jaret grabbed a shield from one of the guards at his feet and brought it up just in time to catch the arrows.  He held it in front of his face, ducked behind it, and kept running.  An arrow rang off the bronze of the shield.  Another clipped his shin, sending a pang through him.  He ignored it.  The men were close now.  He threw the shield at the one to his right and followed it with his sword.
“Traitors!” he yelled as his sword split leather and chains driving through the assassin’s chest nearly to the hilt.  He abandoned the blade and rolled away from the swing of the other guard.  The tip of the blade found his shoulder, scoring his vest but failing to find his flesh.  He sprang to his feet and spun but had only his dirk left.  It would be enough.
He spun and unleashed his most potent weapon.  He stood so that the man could see his face.  The assassin froze.  His sword in mid-swing fell to his side.  “Lord. . . .” was as much of Jaret’s title as he could say before the dirk sank into his chest.  His eyes popped and he gurgled quietly as Jaret eased him to the ground.
“I am no longer your commander,” he whispered.  “I was sworn to defend the Emperor and so were all those I command.”  Retrieving his dirk, Jaret wiped the blood on his pants and grabbed the assassin’s sword.  
He did not need to but he looked at the blade as he ran toward the doors.  He still did not want to believe it, but the symbol etched there only confirmed what he already knew.  The two swords crossed over a rising sun perfectly matched the etching on his own blade.  It was the symbol that he had created and commissioned imprinted on the swords that he sparingly presented to the men that he personally selected to be the most sacred protectors of the Empire, the Legion of the Rising Sun.



Chapter 24


Ipid’s shovel bit deep into the hard sod of the Gurney Bluff village green.  With a grunt, he pushed the handle down and pried the sod from the ground.  His weary back shouted, but he did not hesitate before moving a foot to his left and repeating the process.  A boy following close behind pulled up the chunk of sod, and another lad used an inadequately short knife to cut away the roots so that the grass came up in a long strip.  
Other boys, about thirty in all, worked in similar teams to transform the Gurney Bluff village green into the mass grave that would house its residents.  Those residents – twisted, shattered, and buzzing with flies – stared from all angles, supervised the work with blank, lifeless eyes.  The boys and Ipid tried with all their might to avoid those dead eyes, keeping their own inexorably fixed on the ground, on the dirt they were fighting to reveal.  Still the boys shook.  Tears marked their cheeks in muddy streaks.  Their hands trembled, barely able to grasp their tools.  But it’s something, Ipid told himself.  They are still alive.  For a while longer, they will live.
A few minutes before, that outcome had been very much in doubt.  Warriors had surrounded the boys, weapons waving, screaming, screaming Arin’s orders, “Clean up this mess.”  The boys could not understand what was being asked, could only imagine that they would be added to the pile before them, and even the most hearty had fallen to the ground in defeat.  
After what they had been through that day, Ipid would not have blamed them in the least for giving up, for welcoming death.  They had marched nearly thirty miles without food or water, surrounded by alien invaders on massive horses, yelling orders they could not hope to understand.  Their friends and families had been indiscriminately slaughtered.  Creatures out of their nightmares flew above them.  If they faltered, they were cut down or trampled.  And then, to end it all, this city of the dead.
And Ipid had almost left them to die.  He had been so tired, so overwrought that he had crouched between his horse and the stinking remnants of his stomach and watched.  He had known what the warriors were yelling, had known that the boys did not, had known that he was their only hope.  And he had just crouched there and watched.  He had studied the villagers, examined their blood-soaked limbs lying askew from their bodies, the flies covering their faces, the crows hopping about them, and nearly given up.  What difference will a few more bodies make? he had wondered.  The Order has abandoned us, we are all better off dead.
Then he had thought of Dasen.  What if Dasen were here with these boys?  So young, so full of potential, life barely lived.  Could I sit here and let these men kill my son?  And did these boys deserve any less of a chance?  With a curse, he had answered his questions by somehow mustering the energy to rise.
He had run to the boys on shaking legs, had put himself between them and the warriors, and used his knowledge of their language to make apologies on their behalf.  When the warriors lost interest, he told the boys what was happening, spoke some encouraging words, and gave them tasks to take their minds off their misery.  
Soon, they were working, digging a grave large enough to house what remained of Gurney Bluff’s former residents.  They started the work with their hands, but the Darthur eventually scavenged some tools, and despite tears and shaking limbs, the boys gave what remained of their energy to the project.  Ipid joined them, encouraged them, repeated the same slogans like a mantra, “Don’t let these monsters beat you.  Show them what men on this side of the Clouded Range are made of.  Defy them by staying alive.”
His shovel again bit through the thick grass.  They had cleared almost all of the sod now, and some of the boys had started at the dirt beneath.  He stepped a foot to the side and prepared to strike again when he heard a yell, “Te-adeate Ipid!”  
Ipid groaned.  He thought about ignoring the summons but knew that his death would not buy these boys anything.  Still, he had to reassure them, had to keep them going.  He turned to them.  “Men of Randor’s Pass,” he spoke hurriedly.
“Te-adeate, NOW!” the warrior bellowed when he realized Ipid was not coming.
 Ipid continued speaking even as he heard the warrior approach.  “I have to go, but I will not be far and will be with you when I can.  Do what you are told, but more than anything, stay alive.  Wait for your chance.  And remember, your deaths buy nothing.  They. . .”
A blow to the side of his head, upended Ipid.  He landed several feet away in the newly exposed dirt on his hands and knees.  Stunned and disoriented, he struggled to regain his feet as the warrior closed the distance between them.  
“I come!  I come!” he yelled to the man.  The only response was a boot to his ribs.  The kick was enough to flip him onto his back, and he lay defenseless as the warrior drew a double-bladed axe and brought it around, aiming at his neck with the same casual disinterest he might express toward dispatching a worm he had found in his garden.  
Ipid had obviously miscalculated, had not followed his own advice.  Now, he could only hope that his words would be enough to keep the boys going, that they would live long enough to avenge him and all the others that had been senselessly slaughtered.  
The ax swung around in a blur and stopped less than a foot from Ipid’s throat.  He could almost feel it slicing through him and had to look twice to be certain that his head was still attached to his shoulders.  He stared at the warrior.  The man was holding the blade easily over its intended target while looking back over his shoulder.  The strength and control were amazing, but Ipid was convinced that he was showing off, that he had only stopped to show that he could or to show that a foot of swing would be enough to separate him from his head.  In either case, Ipid expected each heartbeat to be his last.  
A distant yell made one of those heartbeats skip.  It was Arin.  He was yelling for Ipid to be brought to him, and for the first time in their short relationship, Ipid was happy to be summoned. 
The huge warrior pulled his ax back with a look of dissatisfaction and lifted Ipid roughly from the ground.  When he was standing, the big man pushed him hard in the direction of the inn.  Ipid ran with his arms pinwheeling.  As soon as he recovered, the warrior pushed him again.  That continued all the way to the inn where the warrior finally threw him through the wide door onto the floor of the common room. 
Ipid sprawled on the straw-covered floor of The Fork in the Road.  He rubbed the already sizeable lump on the side of his head where the guard had struck him and held his bruised ribs as he examined the familiar surroundings.  Less than a week ago, he had stayed at this very inn.  He could not believe it has been such a short time or how dramatically his fortunes had changed in those slim days.  
Rising slowly to his feet, he looked around the room.  He had stayed at this inn many times but had never seen this room so empty.  Every inch of the benches running along the three rows of tables was vacant.  No meat spun on the spit above the fire, no pot bubbled with stew.  A few cups sat on the tables, but their owners were nowhere to be seen.  No clatter of pots or dishes echoed from the kitchens.  No drinks were being drawn from the narrow bar.  Across from that bar, the small stage showed no signs of the musicians, jugglers, or storytellers who performed there for a few coins and a hot meal.  
The quiet put a lump in Ipid’s throat, reminded him of the lives that had ended in the village green just that afternoon, reminded him of what had been lost in that slaughter.  Thus it was with a nearly overpowering mix of fear, anger, and sorrow that he walked to the open door at the back of the room and peeked in.  The room on the other side was like a dream.  The meals he had enjoyed there seemed like fantasies.  He remembered roast quail with mushrooms and wine with the relish of a child remembering the sweets of a harvest festival.  At the same time, he felt a stab at the memory of his son – even the fight that had consumed them that night seemed a welcome memory now.  
“Te-adeate Ipid,” Arin called, interrupting the nostalgia.  Ironically, Arin was at the very table where Ipid had sat on that recent night so long ago.  He was stooped over a huge piece of canvas that covered the entire table.  He looked at Ipid only long enough to motion him forward.  He wore an uncharacteristically giddy smile that awoke Ipid’s rage.  It was everything he could do to keep himself from lunging at the young man.  
If I take him by surprise . . . .  He indulged himself in the fantasy for a heartbeat then pushed it away, clenched his fists and ground his teeth until the anger was under control.  He had to remember what he had told the boys, his death would buy nothing.  Even if he killed Arin – a nearly impossible task – it would not stop the Darthur, would not stop this nightmare.  
With a long, slow exhale, Ipid forced himself to the table.  Arin watched him come, motioning him forward like a child who’d just written his first letters.  Ipid’s curiosity grew with each step.  What could solicit such glee in this monster?   
“You teach me this,” Arin looked up and motioned to the table.  His smile only grew as his hand swept across a huge map of the lands to the east of the Clouded Range.

#

The resonant blare of a ram’s horn brought Ipid suddenly and dramatically from a restless slumber.  He sat straight up in the small tent that was now his home.  His body shook from a combination of resident weariness, half-dispelled night-terror, and shock.  Catching his breath, he chastised himself for being so easily startled.  After five straight days of that horn marking the beginning of his days, he guessed that he would be used to it, but it still sounded like Thorold was blowing the damned thing right into his ear.
He wanted more than anything in the world to fall back into his shabby blanket and return to sleep.  He had managed the barest minimum of that commodity since the Darthur arrived, and his body was feeling the effects, but he knew what he was capable of and what he had to accomplish.  He had gone for long periods in the past without sleep – in the early days after the fire when his dreams were plagued by images of his Kira, and he buried himself in his work to keep them at bay.  His dreams were no more kind now, and the tasks he had to accomplish were far more desperate.  
“Plenty of time to sleep when you’re dead,” he told himself with a humorless chuckle as he pushed aside his thin blanket.  He had accepted that death could come at any moment, in any way, from anywhere, and almost welcomed it.  The only thing that kept him from accepting that release was the desperate need for revenge, the need to see Arin and his bloodthirsty band suffer the same fate as the people of Gurney Bluff.  And the best way to accomplish that goal was to stay alive, to become as close as possible to Arin, to win his trust and then use that trust to destroy him.  
In service of that goal, Ipid had invested countless hours advised Arin on every aspect of the East.  Day after day, night after night, they studied the map, learned each other’s languages, and played a one-sided game of misdirection.  At first, the sight of the map had been crushing.  It was exactly the tool Arin needed.  But as they discussed its features, the cities and geography, Ipid realized that the map helped him every bit as much as Arin.  To Arin, the map was like sight to a blind man, a sudden revelation, but just like that miraculous blind man, Arin did not know what he was seeing, could not put it into context.  The map only told so much, and Ipid was the only one who could complete the picture, the only one who could provide the details that no map could ever show.  It made it much easier for Ipid to craft his perceptions and guide his strategies without Arin ever knowing what was happening.  
Arin’s incredibly swift and strategic mind made that a dangerous game, and Ipid had quickly learned how to manipulate Arin without exposing himself to lies that could come back to haunt him.  He had adopted the persona of a well-connected merchant with extensive knowledge of the world and a desire to save himself and his fortune.  He had then purchased Arin’s trust with small nuggets of immediately useful information – locations with likely food stores, positions of garrisons, and significant local geography.  
None of that would change the course of the war, but they bought him the credibility to advise Arin on more significant, longer-range strategies, the decisions that would win or lose the war.  In these, he had given Arin just enough information to allow him to draw the wrong conclusions – the fact that the Morgs and Liandrins had not fought wars in twenty years did not mean that they were weak, but Arin’s worldview led him immediately to that conclusion, and Ipid did not correct him.  Finally, after three days of tireless work, Arin treated him almost as a confidant.  He never hit him, made certain that he had food, and never allowed him to be far from his side.  But most importantly, Ipid had carefully crafted Arin’s perceptions in a way that he hoped would lead to his ultimate, crushing defeat.  
Even without that betrayal, he was not sure how the Darthur expected to succeed.  Their army was large -- numbering toward a hundred thousand – but not nearly large enough to conquer or occupy a continent.  Most likely, they could capture the sparsely populated and peaceful Kingdoms, but then they would either have to face the mighty Liandrin army or the fiercely militaristic Morgs.  He might outnumber either of those forces individually, but Ipid had downplayed their capabilities and implied that Arin could split his forces and fight them simultaneously.  By the time he carved his way through the Kingdoms – dealing with sieges, resistance groups, over-extended supply lines, and a thousand other details that could bring any army to a standstill – Liandria and the Fells would be fully mobilized.  And with the Darthur divided, Ipid was confident they would crush the invaders and send them running back to their Order-cursed homes.
Ipid knew that it was not that easy, that his work had just begun.  Thousands of lives would still be lost, the devastation would be unimaginable, and it would be on him to minimize that destruction.  He would have to maintain a constant vigil, but he was, at least, encouraged that the Darthur would eventually be defeated, that they would pay for their crimes.  
He just had to overcome one more hurdle.  Arin was the Darthur Chief, but he did not rule absolutely.  In just a few hours, Arin would present his strategy to the Uhramar Ashüt, the eighteen leaders who had to approve his decisions.  Ipid did not yet understand all the complex customs that defined Darthur politics, but the cursory Ashüt meetings that had been held the previous two days in Gurney Bluff had shown that the Darthur were not perfectly unified behind their young leader.  In those meetings, a small, vocal band had opposed Arin on small issues or proposed actions that they knew Arin could not support – distressingly, those proposals often involved killing the village boys and Ipid.  This opposition had been deftly dismissed by Arin and voted down by the majority of the Ashüt, but even that slight opposition seemed to enrage Arin, suggesting the cracks reached farther than they appeared.  
And today would be different.  The meetings to this point had been brief and inconsequential, reports and logistics more than real strategizing.  Today real decisions would be made before the, now fully mustered, army marched from the forest.  Arin had been agonizing in his planning, drilling Ipid on responses should he have to speak and meticulously crafting his own words.  It all implied that the outcome was not guaranteed, that the Ashüt had real power, that they could undo everything that Ipid had put in place – for better or worse.
Stepping stiffly from his tent, Ipid splashed cool water on his face from a nearby bucket but barely felt it for the intensity of his thoughts.  He rubbed the water through his sleep-matted hair and looked around the dark camp.  Emerging from the tents on every side were the huge warriors who made up this section of the camp.  The horn signaled the morning exercises, which, from Ipid’s observations, would last until after the sun was down.  He had never seen warriors who trained as tirelessly as the Darthur, and the results were obvious.  He had no doubt that they were the greatest horsemen he had ever seen.  Even their youngest men would best the most elite units in the Liandrin Royal Cavalry, and they were every bit as capable with their weapons as any Morg he had ever seen.  It was easy to see how they had conquered a continent.  
Fortunately, the Darthur made up less than a quarter of the total force they commanded.  From the Ashüt meetings, Ipid had learned that the Darthur had conquered many other nations from their side of the mountains and forced those nations to provide troops for this campaign.  Like the Darthur, those men were veterans, well trained and well supplied, but they were otherwise like any other army in the world, normal men – not near giants – and mostly on foot.  Still, the Darthur had already conquered one continent.  It reinforced the importance of Ipid’s humble skullduggery – what if they could simultaneously defeat the Liandrins and Morgs?
Walking through the forest of bleached-leather tents, Ipid tried to keep his eyes diverted from the men preparing for their training.  Despite being Arin’s advisor, he was still a te-adeate, which meant that his life was barely tolerated by the Darthur.  Te-adeate was, as it turned out, the lowest of the social distinctions that the Darthur maintained for those they conquered.  Ipid had no idea how those distinctions were determined, but for him and the boys from the local villages being te-adeate meant that they were less than slaves.  They did most of the manual work around the camp, received only the food that was left when the Darthur were finished, and were subject to the strictest punishments without reason or explanation.
The thought brought him back to the boys he was about to visit.  Ipid worked several hours each morning with them while Arin trained with his men.  Most of that time was spent teaching them a few words of their masters’ language and how to manage the burden of their chores.  In his previous life, he had succeeded more because of his ability to organize workers than because of anything he invented.  He applied the same concepts to the boys, efficiently organizing their activities while giving them the encouragement to keep going.
His motives in that were not entirely altruistic.  The boys moved around the camp extensively as part of their chores, and Ipid had told them to pay close attention to everything they saw.  They served as his eyes and ears.  They collectively knew a tremendous amount about the composition of the invaders and were able to record details that Ipid could not get from his conversations with Arin.  
Still, each morning, he approached the pen that housed the boys with a knot in his stomach, half-expecting to see Dasen’s ragged face mixed in with the others.  Thus far there had been no sign or news of Dasen or Tethina, and he continued to believe that they were safe.  By all accounts they should be well ahead of the invaders, but the lack of definite news worried him.  What if they had tried to come back to the village to see Milne?  What if the invaders found the cottage on Lake Mithrel?  He hoped that they had learned of the invasion and taken the northern roads to Thoren, but some of the recently captured boys were from the villages to the north and should have seen their coach.  Ipid supposed that they might not have noticed, but such an enormous vehicle driving through such small villages should have been a memorable event.  
Saying a silent prayer that some good news would present itself this day, Ipid rounded the last of the tents that separated him from the boys.  Good news was not what he found.  
Some twenty Darthur were bearing down on the huddled mass of boys, brandishing their weapons and yelling threats.  Ipid examined the scene in disbelief until he found an especially foul warrior named Üluth at the front of the mob.  He was Arin’s cousin and a te-ashüte, but he was also Arin’s most vocal opponent.  In particular, he had criticized Arin for taking the villagers as te-adeate, preferring that their “weakness be erased from the world.”  Ipid’s presence as Arin’s advisor seemed even more offensive, and he had personally offered to kill Ipid on more than one occasion.  
“They were holding weapons,” Üluth screamed as he closed on the boys.  “Probably meant to cut our throats in our sleep, like the honorless cowards they are.  They are unworthy of the effort we have expended on their education.”  Despite the rough treatment, the Darthur believed that they were helping the te-adeate by teaching them the virtues of ‘true warriors.’  It was, however, strictly forbidden for te-adeate to touch weapons.  All of the boys knew this, and Ipid could not understand how they might have been caught in such an act.  He looked at the boys and saw many of them carrying short knives meant for kitchens rather than battle.  Since the boys did most of the cooking around the camp, Ipid was not sure how this could be seen as an offense.
Yet, the Darthur did not appear concerned with proof of guilt.  They were ready to dole out the only kind of punishment they understood, which left Ipid no choice.  He threw himself between Üluth and the boys, keeping his eyes appropriately downcast, and spoke in the most formal Darthur he could manage.  “Honorable teacher Üluth, please allow these boys to learn the wisdom and compassion of a true warrior through your actions.”  From what Ipid had seen, Darthur warriors were neither wise nor compassionate, but it was his only hope.  “Show your . . .”
A backhanded blow sent him sprawling into the boys.  He shook his head to remain conscious and heard Üluth laughing.  “A te-adeate worm tells me the virtues of a warrior.”  The warriors laughed together; Ipid was in trouble.  “It is an insult above that committed by the boys.  Though my cousin would accept advice from this toad, I will show him what it is to insult a warrior.”
Ipid regained his focus in time to see Üluth cover the few strides between them and bring his sword around.  “What a failure” was all that he could say as he watched the blade arc toward the top of his head.  
Steel clashed on steel followed by a thud that shook the ground.  “What is the meaning of this Üluth?” Arin asked a heartbeat later.  “The Ashüt agreed only yesterday that these people are te-adeate.  They have the potential to learn the honor of clansmen and shall be given that opportunity.”  Arin stepped forward so that he stood between Üluth and the boys.  “Do you propose to dishonor the Ashüt, to dishonor me by disobeying our decisions?”  Arin’s eyes locked with those of his significantly taller and broader cousin.  Sparks of hatred flew between them.  
“They had weapons,” Üluth screamed in frustration.  
“Where?”  Arin looked back at the boys most of which had conveniently dropped their knives.  “You mean those pathetic knives?”  Arin laughed.  “The great warrior Üluth is frightened by te-adeate boys with cooking knives.  Look out, Üluth, I think there is a grandmother with a stick behind you.  Did you need to kills this fat man,” he gestured to Ipid, “because he might have attacked you with his jowls?”  Arin shook his face at Üluth, taunting the big man.
Laughter erupted from the gathered warriors.  They delighted in the idea of Ipid, in particular, being a threat, and countless side jokes passed between them, increasing their jocularity.  Üluth seethed.  From what he had seen of Üluth, Ipid guessed that he was not a quick thinker.  He often made brusque assertions but seldom thought them through or had the ability to support them when they were challenged.  This was obviously the case now.  Ipid could almost see his mind struggling for a retort, and lacking that, his anger only grew until he shook with rage.
 “Now,” Arin held up a hand to silence the gathering crowd.  “Üluth, since you had no legitimate reason to threaten these te-adeate, I can only assume your actions were meant to dishonor me and the Ashüt.  If that is the case, then you should have the courage to formalize your challenge or you should prepare your apologies and hope no offense has been taken.”  
A small gasp rose from the gathered warriors, but they were otherwise silent.  Their faces were stone.  Üluth’s eyes took on the uncertainty of a caged animal.  Ipid was not sure why.  The Darthur valued their honor above all things, and questions of honor were typically resolved in duels.  Ipid had seen a few of these.  They were fierce but not deadly, and the mere act of participating seemed to prove both participants honor no matter the outcome.  As such, Ipid could not understand why Üluth hesitated to accept Arin’s obvious challenge.  He was half-again Arin’s size, and though Arin was surely a skilled fighter, his cousin looked like one of the fiercest warriors Ipid had ever seen.  If he won, it could only further his standing.  If he lost, he would lose little.  Yet the big man seemed terrified.
Finally, Üluth glanced at the warriors surrounding him.  “Apologize to you?” he spat under his breath with a growl.  Then he built himself up and bellowed, “Arin va Uhram Tavuh, your decisions have led us . . . ”
“Before you finish that challenge, Üluth, you might want to think about what you are doing.”  Another voice entered the fray.  It came from the fringe of the Darthur, but Ipid immediately recognized it as that of Arin’s uncle and closest advisor, Thorold.  “As Arin’s Shidé-ded-ator it is me that you will fight, not him.  And because you challenge the Uhram it will be a fight to the death.”
Üluth’s eyes turned to Thorold, who strode through the crowd to stand beside Arin.  A rumble rose from the gathered warriors at Thorold’s appearance.  Though he was probably twice Üluth’s age and no larger, even Ipid knew that Thorold was viewed with nearly godlike awe by the Darthur.  Ipid had seen him simultaneously defeat four men.  There was no doubt that he could best any warrior in the clans in one-on-one competition, and he was loyal without question to Arin.  
Ipid looked at Arin.  His confident smile was still there, but it was joined by a touch of what appeared to be disappointment.  Had he somehow planned this?  He looked around.  Were the boy’s knives longer than usual?  Were there a few axes among them?  Was it only coincidence that they had walked past Üluth with those weapons?  Had the boys been bait in an elaborate trap?  It all seemed too convenient to be true, but what Ipid could be sure of was that Üluth was being shamed before what was now a sizeable crowd of warriors.  It played directly, too directly, into Arin’s hand.  And the timing . . . .
To make things worse, Thorold reached out and slapped his nephew.  “Do not look at me with those eyes?” Thorold scolded.  “As your uncle, you will show me respect, or I will teach it to you.  I can still challenge you myself if you want me to show you what honor is.  Now, you will apologize to the Uhram, or you will complete that challenge.”
Üluth spat blood on the ground and kept his eyes focused there.  His body shook.  His hand clenched his sword until his knuckles were white.  Suddenly, Ipid was afraid that Arin had gone too far.  Üluth whispered under his breath and brought his sword around with a bellow.  His stroke was aimed at Arin’s neck, but the young man moved like a snake.  He dropped below the wild swing grabbed his cousin’s trunk-like legs, and hurled him to the ground.  
The big man went down hard, but Arin just backed away and made room for his uncle.  Thorold gnashed his teeth as he rounded on his nephew.  The crowd formed a large circle to give them room.  Thorold did not even bother to draw the sword angled across his back.  He kicked Üluth, sending him to his back.  His boot found Üluth’s hand next, and his sword spun to the end of the circle.  Finally, that same boot came down on the throat of his immobilized opponent.  “Not even worth dirtying my sword,” Thorold mumbled between clenched teeth as he crushed Üluth’s larynx.  
In rapture of the spectacle, Ipid did not see the dark shape that broke the circle and closed on Thorold.  The small black-robed man came to within inches of Thorold before he was noticed.  He placed a white hand on his chest, having to reach up high to do so, and calmly pushed the huge man back.  Thorold moved as if in a dream.  His foot came off of Üluth’s throat, and he took three mechanical stepped back.  With the pressure removed, Üluth coughed and sputtered, writhing on the ground.  
“Now, gentlemen,” a soft voice said from the cowl of the black robes, “must we fight each other.  Enough blood will be spilt in the battles to come.”  
Recovering from the shock of the spectacle, Ipid realized that this new entrant was the leader of the te-am’ eiruh, Belab.  He was also a te-ashüte, though he was certainly not a Darthur.  From what Ipid had seen, he was quiet, reclusive, and always hid his face beneath the deep cowl of his robes, which seemed the custom of all his people, who were universally treated with fear and reverence by the Darthur.
“Great Uhram, the Ashüt patiently awaits your presence?”  Belab’s voice was soft but clearly audible to everyone and held no malice.  He looked at the gathered warriors like a disappointed parent, and the warriors cringed back like children.  “The others sent me to find you.”  Another thing that was odd about Belab was the strange language he used.  It was not Darthur, it was not the Imperial tongue, yet Ipid could understand it as if he had used it his entire life.  And so could the Darthur.  It was a strange phenomenon that he could not explain, but it made him wonder why Arin needed him as a translator.
Arin looked to the east.  The sky was pink with the dawn.  Ipid had not realized how much time had passed and neither, obviously, had Arin, who looked back at Belab in surprise.  He looked at the lightening sky again then sighed.  “My apologies.  We will accompany you to the Ashüt at once.  Perhaps the representative from the Tavuh Clan will join us when he has caught his breath.”  Arin spoke the last as he stepped over the still sputtering body of his cousin.  The other warriors laughed and began to disperse, leaving Üluth on the ground, disgraced.
With Belab’s departure, Thorold recovered from his daze.  He looked down at his nephew with scorn as he fell in behind Arin.  Ipid was not so quick, and Arin was forced to turn before he came out of his paralysis.  “Come, te-adeate Ipid.  You are needed.”
Ipid made a wide circle around Üluth and said a silent prayer of thanks to the Holy Order.  Arin was a savvy strategist, but it was clear that he was not as well versed in politics.  Ipid knew that heavy-handed tactics like those used today only widened rifts and increased an opponent’s resolve.  It was just such rifts that Ipid had to foster.  Now was not the time, but eventually the time would come, and when it did, he would be ready.

#

Ipid ran to catch Arin and fell into his shadow as they made their way to the Fork in the Road.  Already word of Üluth’s humiliation was spreading through the camp.  Warriors in loose clumps discussed the incident with a mixture of laughs, disapproving frowns, and outrage.  Ipid furtively watched those reactions in hope of better understanding the political dynamic of the Darthur, but he could not be sure if the reactions marked one-off curiosities or a shift in broader perceptions. 
He did notice that the men fell universally silent when Üluth appeared, staggering well behind Arin and Thorold.  They diverted their eyes and mumbled to themselves or walked back to their tents.  No one dared draw the huge warrior’s attention or ire.  It did not bode well for Üluth, yet the other clansmen obviously still feared him enough to remain quite.  He had lost their respect, but not their admiration.  Ipid knew that as long as he had the one, the other was never completely gone.
The door of the Fork in the Road was already open when they arrived.  Two hulking guards flanked it.  They nodded in unison when Arin strode past them.  Thorold spoke a few words to the guards – something about not allowing any disturbances – and followed.  After what he had just seen, Ipid stayed as close as humanly possible to Arin. 
Inside the inn, the tables had been pushed back so that only one remained in the middle of the room.  The chairs from the merchants’ room had been arrayed around the table and were occupied by the members of the Ashüt.  Arin took an open seat at the center of the table facing the door with Thorold immediately to his right.  Surrounding him were the eleven Darthur representatives on the council – one from each clan with a seat remaining open for Üluth, the representative of Arin’s own Tavuh Clan.  The Darthur were all grizzled warriors in their middle years who, by Ipid’s estimation, had been selected more because of their prowess in battle than their deftness of mind.  Though Ipid could not tell any differences in their dress, Arin had told him that the cut of their vests clearly denoted their clans.  
Gathered at the other end of the table were the four non-Darthur members of the council.  They spoke together in a tight group that showed their wariness of the warriors surrounding them.  The final two seats at the table were taken by Belab, who sat at a corner of the table as far as possible from the other Ashüt members, and Üluth, who angrily pulled back a chair and sullenly sat halfway down the table.  
By that time, Ipid had already found his small stool behind Arin’s seat and had his notebook out and ready.  At that same moment, Thorold jostled past him with a long sheaf of parchment.  He spread the map out on the table in front of Arin and placed stones on each of the corners to keep it from curling.  There was a collective murmur from the te-ashüte at the appearance of the map, and many of them stood from their seats to get a better view.
“May our ancestors guide us to honor through their wisdom and example,” Arin intoned to start the meeting.  “May we mark their stories and use them to guide this council.”
“Uhhrr ruhhmp!”  A collective roar from the now standing te-ashüte answered Arin little prayer.  The te-ashüte nodded to each other and found their seats but most of their eyes remained on the map.
“To give you perspective,” Arin casually spoke to his fellows, “we are here.”  He stepped to the end of the table and planted his knife in the table through the end of the map where Gurney Bluff was depicted by a red dot that had been added by the former innkeeper. 
There was a collective “Ah!” from the men at the table as they crowded around the map with renewed interest.  
“If you will permit me, I will now explain what I have learned about this world and present my plan for conquering it.”  Arin swept his hand across the map for emphasis and then basked in the murmurs of approval that followed his bold words.



Chapter 25


Dasen screamed.  His eyes flew open and searched wildly for the creatures that had been on top of him a moment before.  His heart pounded.  His breaths were ragged pants.  
There was no creature.  
It was a dream, he repeated to himself then let out a sigh of relief and put his hand over his chest to calm his thundering heart.  
Teth’s hand over his mouth sent his heart racing as soon as it has slowed.  “What happened?” she whispered from above him.  She crouched next to him, her head a few inches from his and upside down.  She glanced at him then searched the branches hanging around them.  “Are you alright?  Did something happen?”  She seemed to realize only then that he could not answer while her hand was covering his mouth.
“It was just a dream,” Dasen explained when her hand came away.  “I dreamed that the creatures had caught me.  That they . . .”
“By the Order!” Teth whispered with the force of a scream.  “You realize we’re trying to hide, don’t you?  You realize that part of hiding is being quiet?”  She turned her baleful eyes from him to the branches around them.  Her face was streaked grey with mud, hair matted with pine needles and twigs, lips chapped, one cheek marked by a long scrape, clothes torn, stained, and caked with the remnant salt of her sweat.  She smelled, musk and tin.  Her laced shirt and canvas pants hid every scrap of femininity remaining in her wiry, hard form.  But her eyes were bright.  A few freckles peaked out from under the dirt.  And she was still alive.  It was not much, but for now, that was enough.  Dasen tried to suppress a smile as he accepted Teth’s barely audible rant.  “. . . if there are any around, it’ll only be a few minutes before your dreams come true.  You might as well track them down and introduce yourself.”
“I’m sorry, Teth,” Dasen tried to be sincere, but even the derision seemed welcome after last night.  “It was a dream.  I can’t control what I do in my sleep.”
“Well, perhaps you should try.”  Teth sighed and made an effort to calm herself.  “It doesn’t matter now.  If they were out there, they’d be on us by now.”  Another sigh.  “I think we lost them for now, but they could always pick up our trail, and we’ve already been stopped too long.”  She searched the branches again then reached down and helped him to sit.
Dasen suppressed a groan as he came up.  He felt like he had been run over by a team of draft horses.  Every corner of his body ached with a stiffness well beyond what he had felt after the first day.  His head throbbed.  His tongue was dry and swollen.  His stomach stabbed at him between rumbles.  Spikes of pain shot through his neck and back.  His eyelids drooped and yawns racked his body.  He almost wished the creatures had captured him.  Surely nothing they could have done would be worse than this.  
Last night had been the longest, most grueling experience of his life, far outpacing even the day of their joining.  Just getting to and crossing the bridge had been almost more than he could handle, and the night had not ended there.  They had continued running, hiding, crawling throughout the night, driven by the flying creatures that remained swooping overhead and the possibility that the others would somehow find a way across the gorge.  They had abandoned what remained of the pack, but that had been little consolation.  To avoid the creatures, they had left the trail, fighting their way instead through the thickest, most overgrown sections of forest that Teth could find.  At times they had literally squirmed like worms through the pitch-black branches of wild plum bushes.  They had crawled against a stream that would not have reached above their knees so that they could remain hidden beneath the undercut bank.  They had run up hills so steep they had to use their hands as much as their feet then slid on their bottoms down the other side.  When, finally, he had collapsed in exhaustion and even Teth had crumpled down beside him, panting, they had found this spruce, pulled themselves under it, and fallen instantly asleep.  
With another groan, Dasen leaned back against the trunk of the tree.  The first branches started a few inches above his head then reached out more than six feet to where they brushed the ground with their stubby needles.  He could not see even a shimmer of the outside world through the layers of greenish-grey; he could not imagine what Teth was searching for so intently.  Finally, with obvious effort, she lay on her belly and, with much grunting, crawled to the edge of the tree.  She lay there for a long time, head moving slowly back and forth, long knife clutched in her hand, until she rolled to her back and repeated the process.  Satisfied, she pulled herself cautiously from under the tree and stood, moaning all the way up.
“I think we’re safe for now,” she called in hushed tones a moment later.  “I can’t see any signs of pursuit, and the sky is clear, but we should keep moving.  If they still want us, it’s only a matter of time before they get across the river and pick up our trail.  I did what I could last night, but it was too dark and we were too desperate not to leave a pretty obvious set of signs.”
“Ugh” was the only response Dasen could manage.  His eyes had drifted shut, and he had to pull himself back out of sleep. 
“Come on, Dasen,” Teth seethed a moment later.  “I don’t feel any better than you, but we need to get moving.”
“Okay,” Dasen roused himself again, shook his head, and slowly, painfully bent onto his hands and knees.  Every corner of his body protested, but he forced himself to crawl out from under the protection of the branches.  When he was clear, he flopped onto his back and covered his eyes.  The sun felt impossibly bright after the gloom of the tree’s umbra, its rays like spikes being driven into his head.  “Am I remembering wrong?  Did we actually drink a barrel of bad wine last night before running through the forest?  On top of everything else, I feel hung over like you can’t believe.”
“It’s the plant you were chewing.  The loggers used to chew it to keep their strength up, but your father banned it on his crews because this is what happens when you stop.”
“Thanks for warning me.  By the Order, I think my head is going to burst.”
“We didn’t really have any choice.  If I hadn’t given you those leaves, you’d have never made it to the bridge, much less beyond it.  Come on, I’ll help you up.  Some water will help.  And maybe I can find a grove of higg trees as we walk.”  Teth held a hand out.  Dasen removed an arm from over his eyes and peeked up at the glowing outline of his wife.  With a moan, he accepted her hand and allowed her to pull him to his feet.  When he was there, his stomach revolted.  He bent and heaved onto the ground, but his stomach was too empty to produce anything beyond bile.  He spit onto the dirt and felt the acid eating at his bone-dry tongue.  
A hand clasped the side of his cheek and ran up through his hair to the back of his head.  Teth brought her own head to his so that their foreheads met.  She used her hand to hold his hard against hers.  For some reason, it eased the throbbing behind his eyes.  He opened his eyes and looked directly into hers only a few inches away.  He wondered if she was going to kiss him again, but she just pressed her forehead against his and stared into his eyes.  
“You did good last night,” she whispered.  “It would have been easy to give up, but you didn’t.  You kept going.  I know this is hard, and it’s not going to get any easier, but you showed last night that you can do it.”  With that she released his head and moved her hand down his face to his shoulder, arm, and finally chest.  But her head remained against his until its angle shifted, her eyes drifted closed, her lips drew to his, and she gently kissed him.  
Little more than a brushing of their lips, the kiss was enough to take Dasen’s breath away and send blood flowing to all the wrong places, but it also seemed to dampen his miseries.  When Teth used the hand on his chest to push herself slowly away, Dasen’s eyes drifted open and he released a trembling breath.  
“Are you ready?” Teth asked with a look back over her shoulder.  Dasen nodded and somehow fell in behind her.

#

 “So we agree that the men we saw are from across the mountains?”  Teth summarized the largely one-sided conversation that had absorbed the last thirty minutes of their hike.  
Dasen just grunted his agreement, drawing a look of concern from ahead.  He motioned Teth to keep going, which seemed to satisfy her.  He was feeling marginally better since they had found water – a small stream that they could step over – food – a strip of dried meat and some sour berries – and medicine – acrid higg bark that now seemed as much a part of his life as breathing – but he could still barely manage to walk much less maintain a conversation.  His stomach was still decidedly woozy, his head pounded, and his every muscle ached.  His clothes were either damp or stiff with dried sweat and mud, and they chaffed everywhere they touched him so that he was constantly trying to adjust them in one way or another.  And the sun, standing already near its zenith, was steadily pounding him with its heat and light.
Though he did not participate much in Teth’s musing, he appreciated it as a useful distraction.  Overall, he agreed that there was no other way to explain what they had seen over the past few days.  The only thing that still confused him was how the invaders would know who he was, much less why they would expend such effort to capture him.  It could only have to do with his father, which sent a spike of worry through him.  
The scamper of feet over the forest floor sounded somewhere in front of them.  Teth pulled to a sudden halt and pushed Dasen to the cover of a spiny bush that bordered the faint deer trail they followed.  Heart pounding, he watched the trees before them.  Teth kept one hand on his chest, holding him back like a mother protecting a child from stepping onto a busy street.  The other clutched her long knife.  Her legs were coiled, ready to spring on whatever emerged.  But nothing emerged.  After a few moments of watching silent trees, Teth relaxed.  She removed her restraining hand and returned the knife to the sheath at her hip.
With a last scan of the clear sky above, she stepped cautiously back onto the path.  Dasen’s heart slowly calmed.  In the hour they had been walking, they had seen no sign of pursuit by land or sky, but they both remained aware that the creatures could be anywhere.  As Teth had said the previous day, the best way to catch game is to get it moving and wait for it to come to you.  
Despite that, Teth had decided that they were better served by speed than stealth – “if they’re going to pick up our trail, might as well make it a long one,” she had said.  As a result, they had used trails when possible and avoided major obstacles.  This made the going easier but also meant that Teth expected him to maintain a faster pace.  In his current state, that had been about all Dasen was capable of.  He was barely following the conversation about the invaders and had no idea where they were going or what their plan was from here.
“So what about the creatures?” Teth finally asked.  She peeked back at Dasen.  Her bottom lip had crept back under her teeth.  “They must have come with the invaders, right?”  She walked in front of him with a noticeable hitch to her stride.  It was clear that she was not feeling much better than him, which gave Dasen a perverse sense of accomplishment.  
Dasen nodded then realized that she was no longer looking at him.  “That only stands to reason.  I mean, it’s too much coincidence to dismiss.”
“But those things weren’t normal.  I mean, they weren’t like animals.  Those were . . . I don’t know, monsters or something, like in The Book of Valatarian.  You know, the old stories about the Exiles and the war.  How is that possible?  Isn’t that all supposed to be myth?”
“I think the proper term is dark parables.”  Dasen sighed and brought his hand to his head.  “Legends designed to teach us the dangers of chaos, but yes, the Church has maintained since the Reinterpretation that those sections of the scripture are not true.”
“Yeah, it’s also maintained that women can’t do anything but cook meals and pump out babies, so let’s not assume they have any idea what’s true.”
Dasen nearly choked.  So much for Teth wanting to change.  “You might not want to . . . .”
“Might not want to what?” Teth snapped.  She turned on her heel and glowered.  Dasen nearly ran into her before he could arrest his momentum.  She stared at him, hand on her hip, clearly expecting an answer.
“I . . . I mean . . . when we get to the University.  I mean . . . you may not want to say things like that,” Dasen stammered.  He suddenly remembered that he did not want to be on Teth’s bad side right now.
“Humph!”  Teth turned and resumed her walk, but, to Dasen’s dismay, at a much faster pace – he had obviously upset her.  “So your counselors are interested in seeking the truth as long as it fits into what they already believe.  Is that it?  How convenient.  Why even bother?  I mean if all they’re going to teach me is that I shouldn’t know anything, why bother learning?”
Teth glanced back, but Dasen could not think of anything to say that would not get him into more trouble. 
“And you’re their top student?” she finally scoffed.  “Maybe I should be glad we’re being invaded.  It may spare me from becoming so enlightened.”
“About that, what is our plan?” Dasen blurted, desperate for a change of subject.
Teth looked back at him with a slight smile.  Was she playing me? Dasen asked himself with dismay.  No, he realized, her reactions were too genuine.  She is trying to soften it now, but at some level, she really believes what she said.  
Teth answered his question, before his overwrought mind could consider that further.  “I have to admit that after last night I don’t know exactly where we are.  I can guess, but I don’t know this part of the forest.”  She looked back sheepishly and chewed her bottom lip.  Dasen tried to hide his disappointment.  “We are walking north-east now.  There isn’t much out here, but eventually, we have to hit the road that runs from Randor’s Pass to Gurney Bluff.  Once we find that, we can make our way to a village.  Hopefully, we’re ahead of the invaders.  Then we try to stay that way as long as we can.  You have anything better in mind?”
Dasen shook his head.  Teth looked back, saw him, and nodded.  They walked in silence for a long time, but the conversation remained between them like a ghost.  Finally, Dasen had to break the stalemate.  “I’m sure the Chancellor will want to know what we’ve seen.  We can arrange transport from one of the villages to Wildern.  We’ll probably even have an escort.  Once we’re there, we’ll be safe.”  
He licked his dry lips and watched an especially rough patch of ground before picking up again.  “I mean, how far can these invaders expect to get?  How many men could they have possibly brought across those mountains?  The Kingdoms are not strong militarily, but they’re big, most of the cities are fortified, and Liandria will certainly come to our aid, maybe even the Morgs.”  Teth looked back at him with derision.  “Don’t get me wrong.  A lot of people are going to get hurt, a lot already have.  And I am just as worried as you are.  I mean my father and best friend were in Randor’s Pass.  But this is going to end.  The invaders are going to realize what they face and either leave or get driven back.  There’s no way they could have brought enough men across the mountains for there to be any other outcome.”
Teth stopped and turned.  Her eyes were soft, held no scorn.  She reached out and grabbed Dasen’s hand, held it in both of hers.  “I hope you’re right, Dasen.  I hope they are sent running back across the Clouded Range with their tails between their legs.  I hope that Ipid, your friend, and Milne all come out of this without a scratch.  But you were with me last night.  You saw the creatures.  You don’t want to talk about it, but I’m convinced these are the Exiles returned, that some part of those stories is true.  And if that is the case, do you think they would wait a thousand years only to return without enough power to get through the Kingdoms?”  Teth shook her head to answer her own question.
Nothing more was said.  Teth released his hand, and they walked silently through the trees, with one eye on the sky and every step seeming to echo in their ears.
 
#

The sun had fallen behind the distant mountains leaving shadows stretching across the forest when Teth decided that they should look for a place to stop.  They had been making their way north-eastward as best they could for several hours now with no sign of pursuit from land or sky, and she was almost beginning to feel safe.  Given Dasen’s condition and her own stiffness – she could not remember the last time she had been so sore – they had been moving slowly, following easy paths, and stopping frequently.  
Though she had done some things to cover their path – wading along streams, leaving false trails, and covering their most obvious tracks – neither of them had the energy or motivation for the kind of antics that had kept them alive the previous night.  Teth knew that if the invaders wanted to find them badly enough, they would.  There was nothing she could do to fend off a dedicated search as long as she had Dasen in tow.  She could only hope that the invaders had better things to occupy their attention and that she had done enough to confuse anyone (or thing) that was still searching.
With that thought in mind, she examined the trees around her.  The forest was now a mix of conifers and deciduous with great broad leaf trees filling the gaps between slender pines and firs.  The spreading branches of the deciduous trees left great expanses of empty ground between their mighty trunks.  It would be easier for riders here, she realized.  There were numerous fallen branches and some brush, but nothing a horse could not navigate over or around.  
That added to her worry – could the invaders be driving them into a trap, using the creatures to push them into the arms of the riders?  With a sigh, she dismissed the idea and turned her eyes to the darkening sky.  Why all that effort for Dasen?  They must already have Ipid.  Maybe they want to use Dasen to control him.  Maybe Ipid was killed in the raid, and Dasen is the only Ronigan left.  But why would the invaders care about Ipid’s fortune?  Try as she might, she could not come up with any solid reason why the invaders would expend so much effort to capture Dasen, certainly not enough for them to dedicate their entire army to it.
A look back, showed Dasen stumbling behind her like a drunk.  He looked terrible.  His ill-fitting clothes were torn and stained.  His face was grey with mud, shoulder length hair matted and damp from his sweat, days of stubble standing out around his chin and along his top lip in fuzzy clumps.  He walked as if his joints were rusted stiff.  Each step was punctuated by a small grunt.  A hand held his stomach while the other found whatever branch or tree trunk was available to steady his stride.  
He was lost, utterly overmatched, unprepared in every way for what they were facing, but he was still there, still going.  And for some reason it was that vulnerability, that dependence mixed with that persistence, that bravery that made her long to wrap him in her arms, to kiss him as she never had wanted to do with any boy.  
“It’s getting dark,” Dasen said to break her contemplation.  “How much longer are we going to keep going?”  He looked at the sky then the trees around them as if seeing the forest for the first time.
Teth could not hold back her small smile as she watched him.  Clearly he must see now.  He knows who I am, has seen what I can do.  He cannot take it away now, cannot think I can be like the other girls, cannot want a demure little housewife.  
“Why are you looking at me like that?”  Dasen examined himself then turned defensive.  “I think I’ve been doing pretty well considering.  I mean . . . .”
“You’ve been doing great,” Teth assured.  She put a hand on his arm.  “How are you feeling?  Your head and stomach should be better by now.”
“Yeah, they’re better, but the sickness has been replaced with cramps.  I know were saving the food, but can we have something soon?”  He held his stomach and doubled slightly as a spasm struck.  
Teth felt her own stomach rumbling and cramping.  She had not allowed them anything more than a single strip of meat and the few berries she had found along the way.  As it was, they only had a few more strips of meat, she was out of arrows, and they had lost their only pot at the bridge.  If they made a fire, she could dig some roots and roast them, but that would mean smoke.  Unless they found a village soon, they were going to get very hungry.  “We’ll eat the rest of the meat when we stop,” she conceded.  “It’s not doing us any good in my satchel.”
Dasen nodded his agreement.  
“Speaking of which,” Teth sighed, “I suppose we should start looking for somewhere to spend the night.  It is already starting to feel cool.  I think the weather’s changing.  We might have a cold night.”  Teth felt the cooling air drawing the heat from her sweat-soaked skin and clothes.  She shivered, as gooseflesh rose on her arms.  “You wait here.  I’m going to scout around.  I’ll find us another tree to sleep under and leave a false trail for anyone who’s following us.  Hopefully, that will buy us some time if they come while we’re sleeping.”
“Can I do anything while you’re gone?  I feel worthless waiting for you.  Is there anything around here we can use as food?  If you show me, I can gather it while you’re gone.  Or can I get some wood for a fire?”
Teth thought.  She wondered if Dasen realized the significance of what he had just done.  He had just asked to do a woman’s jobs while she performed the very manly task of scouting.  He gets it!  Teth felt her emotions rising, joy flooding her.  She could not help the smile that burst onto her face.  “It’s alright,” she said.  “Just rest.  It’s been a long day.  I’ll figure out something to eat.  There’s still plenty of time before it’s fully dark.”
“Okay.  I won’t argue with you, but you should let me help if I can.”  He smiled back at her as he eased himself to sit on the trunk of a fallen tree.  “We are joined after all.  We’re supposed to be a team.”  
Teth smiled again – a team of equals.  “I’ll be back in a few minutes.  If you see anything, knock on a tree like we discussed the other day.  Okay?”  Dasen nodded, brought his hands to his knees, and stretched his back.  With that, Teth bounded into the trees feeling as if she were floating despite the stiffness and fear that had weighed on her a few minutes before.
She had not gone far before she saw the first stump.  The remnants of an ancient oak, it spanned nearly three of her feet end to end, and it had been recently cut.  Tracking the line of its fall with her eyes, she saw the piles of sawdust where its branches had been removed, the gouges where it had been dragged away, and additional stumps scattered among the trees, leaving leering holes to the dark-blue sky above.  
A freehold, she realized immediately.  We’re outside of Ipid’s lumber rights.  Someone else has these rights and they’re taking the most valuable trees.  With the realization, she felt her pulse rise.  Somewhere around here there would be a compound where the owners lived.  It was exactly what they needed, food, shelter, and a cart to take them to a village.  
Teth ran back to where she had left Dasen.  He had moved to the ground and fallen asleep leaning against the fallen tree that had been his seat.  His head was cocked back at an uncomfortable angle, and he was snoring softly.  Teth smiled as she lightly shook his shoulder.  “Dasen, wake up.  I think there may be a freeholder compound nearby.  We can probably get food and shelter there, maybe even a cart or horses to carry us to a village.”
Dasen’s eyes slowly fluttered open.  He smacked his lips, rubbed his eyes, and stretched his neck.  Finally, he focused on Teth crouched a few feet in front of him.  His breath caught and he looked down at her hand resting on his bent knee.  “What?  I mean, what did you say?”
Teth repeated herself, but she was not sure if Dasen heard her.  He was looking at her in the strangest way, absorbing her features, watching her lips, considering yet hesitant, fearful, unsure.  She wondered if he was going to kiss her and found herself looking at him in the same way.  She licked her dry, cracked lips, brushed a strand of damp hair back from her face, and tilted her head slightly.  I’m right here, you fool.  
But Dasen did not rise to the bait.  He cleared his throat and looked away, “A freehold, you say.  What is that?”
The moment broken, Teth snapped herself back and stood.  She took a deep, shaking breath.  What is this stupid boy doing to me?  “You haven’t heard of freeholders?” 
“No.  It must be unique to this area.  Or a term they just use here.”
“I suppose.”  Teth paused.  She reached a hand down to help him up.  “A freeholder is a man who has purchased or been given the land he works and owns it outright rather than working for a landlord.  There are several of them in this part of the forest.  They are remote, and there’s no easy way to get the trees to market, so they usually cut down the most valuable trees on the property and sell them to woodworkers for furniture and such.”
Dasen yawned then looked around as if expecting to see someone walk out to greet them.  “They have something like that out east, but I don’t know that there is a common name for it.  Usually its servants or workers who have been especially loyal or useful who are given their own plots of land, but they still have to sell their crops back to the landlord, so it’s not that much different.  I’ve heard of something like that for mining too . . . .”
Teth stopped listening.  Dasen had barely said five words all day.  She had obviously hit on a topic of interest.  As he droned on about the commercial efficiencies of small-scale landholders, she made a mental note to not make the same mistake again.  
When they reached the stump she had seen earlier, she turned and motioned Dasen to be quiet.  He complied immediately and watched the trees nervously.  “It’s alright,” she assured.  “I haven’t seen any signs that people have been here recently.  But we should be careful.  It’s possible the invaders have found the compound too or that the owner isn’t very fond of strangers.”
Dasen nodded and looked suddenly nervous.  “Do you think the invaders could have made it this far already?  If so, should we be risking it?  Should we go around instead?”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if their scouts have gotten this far, but most of the freeholds are miles from the villages.  I don’t think they would have found it.”
“But it has a road leading to it, right?  They have to get the timber out somehow.  Wouldn’t the invaders just follow the road?”
Teth thought.  Dasen had a good point.  “Maybe, but we might as well see.  As long as we’re careful, we should be alright.  They can’t be expecting us.”  Dasen did not look any more confident.  “Do you want me to scout it, and you can stay here?” she offered.
He thought about that.  Teth could not decide if she liked or hated the fact that he would consider letting her go alone.  “No,” he finally decided.  “We should stick together.  You lead.  I’ll follow as quietly as I can.  Just signal if I need to stop.”
They moved slowly, cautiously, following the clear trail left by the trees that had been dragged from their homes.  Teth tried to keep them obscured as much as possible, and the soft ground muffled even Dasen’s steps.  Still it was over a mile before the tracks stopped and they peered out from behind one of the few trees that still surrounded a set of rough plank buildings.  
All told there were half-a-dozen buildings of various sizes and states of repair.  The largest was a two-story house that sprawled across one side of the great clearing with numerous additions that made it look like a miniature version of a Morg lodge.  Given that three or more generations of the family might live in that house, it was probably nowhere near big enough.  In front of the house, encompassing the entire center of the clearing, was a small field of vegetables with green stalks just beginning to bear their fruit.  Arrayed around the garden were a small barn with pens for animals – likely pigs, a few sheep, and a milk cow – radiating from it, a chicken coup, a large empty structure with no walls that likely housed the wagon, a stable, and two ramshackle sheds.  All the buildings were made of rough grey planks over stout wooden beams.  The roofs were mossy wooden shingles with the exception of the house, where a new set of shingles still stood out tan against the weathered gray of the building below them.
And all the buildings were empty.  No animals were in the pens.  No women worked the garden or sat on the house’s long porch.  No children ran between the buildings.  There was no wagon or men stacking it with logs.  The garden appeared to have been ransacked and trampled – plants were broken, uprooted, sprawling on the ground.   The door of every building stood open.  Tools, clothing, even furniture had been torn from them and scattered.
“The invaders have already been here,” Teth gave voice to what they already knew.
Immediately beside her, Dasen released a long breath that she could feel on her neck.  “So they’re ahead of us.  We’ll never get clear now.”  His voice held defeat.  She felt him deflating. 
“There’s still hope,” Teth replied.  “They are probably desperate for supplies after their trip across the mountains.  They are probably sending raiding parties out ahead of the army to steal food and supplies.  If they have an army large enough to conquer the continent, it will take days for all of them to get through the forests and across the river.  Then they have to regroup and plan their advance.  It may be days or weeks before they march in earnest.”
“I hope you’re right,” Dasen said with a sigh.  She noticed that his eyes had turned to the rapidly darkening sky, but there was nothing there to see.
“Well, let’s take a look,” Teth declared.  Dasen stared at her as if she were crazy.  “Don’t worry.  Whoever did this is long gone.  Haven’t you ever played hide-and-seek?  The best place to hide is somewhere that the seeker has already looked.”
“Isn’t that cheating?”
“Not if the seekers plan to ‘beat the wildcat out of you.’  Come on.”  Teth snickered at Dasen’s shock then rubbed his arm reassuringly.  “Well its better than fucking the wildcat out of me, right?”  Dasen looked like she had just slapped him.  She stood and walked cautiously to the back of the first building, a shed that looked like it might collapse with the slightest push.
Dasen joined her a few seconds later, and they snuck together around the building then crouched down and watched the yard for a few more minutes.  There was nothing.  Doors swung slightly in the gentle breeze.  Water dripped slowly from an overturned bucket teetering off the well.  A rabbit shot out from the garden, sprinting toward the cover of the trees, leaving Teth reaching reflexively toward her empty quiver.  Finally, she stood to her full height, and, with a final glance at the first stars above, walked confidently into the yard.  
Nothing happened.  There was no trap.  No hiding freeholders.  No creatures waiting.  They walked across the garden, found nothing worth taking, and cautiously entered the umbrous house.  Once their eyes adjusted to the dark, they found empty dishes with the remnants of porridge still sitting on the table.  The invaders had come at breakfast, near dawn, hours ago.  The kitchen was ransacked.  Shards of shattered crockery crunched under their feet.  Every scrap of food had been taken as had pots, pans, knives, anything useful.  Blankets had been stripped from beds.  The pantry and vegetable cellar were barren.  Even in their desperate state, Dasen and Teth could find almost nothing that would help them.  So with their stomachs rumbling, they ate the remnants of cold porridge from the wooden bowl that remained on the table.  Teth allowed them to supplement the barely edible goo with what remained of the dried meat.  It was not enough, but it waylaid momentarily the aching of their bellies. 
By the time they were done, the house was so dark that they could barely see each other across the narrow table, but Teth saw the jerking of Dasen’s shadow.  He was falling asleep as he ate.  She felt her own eyelids creeping down unbidden and knew that their day was done.  “We shouldn’t sleep here,” she said through a yawn.  “The freeholder or some of his family may come back and get the wrong idea.  Or your friends might find our trail.”  
Dasen yawned long and deep.  His head eased toward the table before he caught himself and jerked it back up.  “So back to the forest?  Under another tree?”
Teth thought.  She barely had the energy to stand let alone find a suitable tree.  “No.  The barn should do.  The yard is such a mess no one could track us across it.  They’ll search the house first, which will give us a chance to run.  And there should be some hay there for the . . . .”  Teth words drifted off and her head nearly hit the table before she snapped herself back up.  A look at Dasen showed he had already succumbed, his head resting on his hands.  She pulled herself up through a great force of will and roused Dasen.
They walked like the dead across the darkened yard, under a moonless sky.  As Teth had predicted, the barn had a small loft with a foot of hay spread across it.  They tumbled into it, lying as close as spoons in the cool evening, and were instantly asleep.   

#

Dasen woke with a start but could not remember what visions had roused him.  He searched the small, dim barn with bleary eyes and realized that there was a soft pressure on him.  Still half-asleep, he looked down and found Teth’s head resting on his chest, arm draped across his belly, leg sprawled over his.  
His first thought was to wrap his arms around her and go back to sleep, but her very presence, the sensation of her body, soft skin and firm muscle, touching his so intimately in so many places had sent his heart racing.  He was suddenly breathing in pants, smelling the musky sweetness of her hair with each one, and growing aroused in a way that would be unmistakable should Teth wake up and look down.  Nonetheless, he allowed his fantasies to take flight, imagined Teth waking, looking up at him, kissing him, moving fully on top of him, and everything that might follow.  When he finally broke the fantasy, he was almost shaking and very uncomfortable.  
If Teth wakes up now, sees me like this, she’ll either skin me, laugh at me, or give me exactly what I want.  He wasn’t sure he could handle any of those outcomes, so he slowly lifted her arm off of his chest and, with the greatest of care, rolled her off of him.  He held her head up off of his chest and gently placed it in the hay at his side so that she was lying on her back with the deep straw surrounding her.  She shifted slightly as she was repositioned but, after some incomprehensible mumbling, rolled onto her other side and returned to sleep.  
With a sigh, Dasen worked his way to the edge of the loft.  Only the dimmest beams of dusty light shone through the rough-hewn walls, suggesting that it was still early.  The morning was cool, and a light dew covered everything, giving the world a feeling of purity as if all the corruption had been scoured away and life was waking anew.  He took a deep breath of sweet, musty hay, reveled in the goodness of that smell, then climbed down the long ladder.
He paced around the inside the barn to eliminate some of the stiffness that remained in his legs and back.  He was still decidedly sore, but it almost seemed normal now, not debilitating.  As he walked, he inspected the barn, hoping for some scraps of food that the invaders might have missed.  Finding nothing, he cautiously opened the door.  After watching the dawn streaked yard and grey sky for several minutes, he exited and, following a much needed trip to the outhouse, searched the other buildings.  
The invaders had been very thorough in their sacking, but his search did not go unrewarded.  He started with the house, which provided a new shirt and pants.  The shirt still itched, the sleeves were too short, and it smelled of another man’s work, but it was better than the sweaty, mud-crusted rag he had been wearing.  The pants were hearty canvas, much better suited for trekking through the forest, and less likely to make him stand out.  Though they hung around his waist, his belt cinched them to his hips.  Before putting them on, he drew water from the well and used a rag to rub away most of the dirt and salt that encompassed his body.  He dampened his hair and tied it back into a greasy tail with a thong of leather, took a long drink, then donned the wide-brimmed leather hat he found on the ground nearby – it fit perfectly.
Finally he turned to the other buildings.  In the chicken coup, he found two eggs buried in the straw.  Hanging on a nail in the wagon shed was an old wooden bottle with a stout cork that he filled with water.  The stable provided a feedbag with a couple of handfuls of oat lingering in its bottom and a pitchfork with only a single remaining tine.  But most exciting of all was a short barrel half-full of arrows that had been forgotten in the back of a shed.
Having gathered his bounty, Dasen returned to the barn.  There was no sign yet that Teth was awake, so he laid everything out and began sorting the arrows – some of them were warped and almost all were rusty.  So intent was his inspection, that he didn’t hear the footsteps until they were on top of him. 
“Gotcha!” a voice announced.  Hands grabbed at his ribs as he spun around in surprise.  Heart leaping from his chest, he managed to grab an arrow before he lost his footing and ended on his seat.  Recovering, he held up the arrow only to find its point looking back at him.  He flipped it around, but the only thing there to protect himself against was an impish giggle.
"You need to be more observant of what is happening around you.”  Teth spared him a sly smile.  “I was quiet, but I wasn’t that quiet.”
Dasen let out his breath in a great rush and shook the arrow at her.  “Good morning to you too.”  He held out his hands to her, and she helped him to his feet.  “While you have been catching up on your beauty sleep – a commodity you have obviously been lacking – I have been gathering supplies."  
That earned him a shot to the arm that left him rubbing the muscle there.  Teth followed it by looking around him at the arrows.  Her face lit.  “You found arrows!  That’s better than a horse.  Where did you find them?”
Dasen told her of his search while she bent to inspect the treasure.  “These are all pretty old,” she admonished as she threw several of the warped shafts to the side.  “I can see why they were forgotten.”  She sifted through the pile with all the care of a jeweler inspecting pieces brought in for hock.  “Did you say you found oats?  Can you find a bowl and start them soaking in some water?  Just enough to cover them, okay?”
With a sigh, Dasen did as he was told.  
By the time he returned, she had sorted through nearly a hundred arrows and found only eight worthy of her quiver.  “You don’t want any more than that?” he asked feeling personally offended, as if they were his arrows that she had rejected.
“I’d love more than that, but the shafts are so warped that I couldn’t hit a bear at five paces with them.  Even these are questionable.  Better than nothing I suppose.”  She looked up at him and smiled, cracked lips splitting mud streaked cheeks.  “You cleaned up and got new clothes.  That doesn’t seem fair.”
“The well’s right out there.  Nobody is stopping you from doing the same.  Or do you like looking like a dirt farmer on a rainy day?”
Teth stuck her tongue out and pushed past him.  “Here’s the flint and my knife.  Can you start a fire without burning down the barn?”  Dasen barely caught the small rock and sheathed knife as Teth backed out the door.  “And no looking.”  She disappeared through the barn door a second later but left it open just enough for Dasen to have a view of the well – if he positioned himself in just the right place.
He worked on casting sparks into a bed of hay while Teth searched the house for clothes.  Then, terrified but unable to resist, he watched as she stripped.  Her back was to him, bottom half blocked by the well, so that he could not see anything beyond the expanse of her broad, muscular back, the barest outline of a small breast, the very top curve of her rear.  Then he felt his knee getting hot.  He looked down and found fire surging a foot from the ground, charring his knee, which was balanced above it.  Moving back quickly and patting the knee, he nearly kicked the burning hay across the barn.  When he had enough of his senses to realize what was happening, he cleared the area around the fire and started adding the rejected arrows to keep the nascent flame alive.
“So did you like the show?” Teth strode through the door, looking bright and fresh.  Her hair was plastered to her head, cheeks red from scrubbing, skin clean and pale.  She wore a clean shirt and pants almost identical to the one she’d had on before.  The sleeves of the shirt were rolled, the neck laced tight to conceal the cloth she had wrapped around her chest.
Dasen stammered at the accusation and felt the blood rise in his face. 
“You did watch, you bastard,” Teth admonished and kicked him in the side of the leg.
“I . . . I didn’t.  I mean . . . I didn’t see anything.  It was just . . . the door was open, and I . . . I mean.  I promise I didn’t see anything.”  Dasen rose to his feet and sputtered, hands out defensively as Teth closed on him.  Then he realized that she was smiling.  The freckles along her nose seemed to have multiplied with the disappearance of the dirt, running all the way to her cheeks where they met the tiny dimples that her mischievous smile exposed.  Dasen backed up until he hit one of the beams that supported the loft.  
Teth continued to close on him with that nymph’s grin.  “I asked you a question,” she said as she closed the distance.  “Did you like what you saw?”
Dasen stammered.  “I . . . well . . . you know I didn’t see . . . .”
That was as far as he got.  Teth grabbed his head, rose to her toes, and kissed him.  It was a longer kiss this time, harder, and they were certainly getting better at it.  Then she lingered, standing on her toes, nose touching his, until he thought his heart might burst from his chest.  “I wished you had stayed with me in the loft,” she whispered.  “I was disappointed when I saw you were already gone.”  Then she kissed him again.  
When she stepped away and walked to the fire as if nothing unusual had happened, Dasen cleared his throat, swallowed for air, and tried to gather his thoughts.  “What has gotten into you today?”  The question slipped out before he had a chance to stop himself.  He instantly wanted it back.  
Teth only smiled.  “I had good dreams.”



Chapter 26


Jaret’s mind spun.  My men!  These are my men.  I created these traitors.  This is my fault.  Now that he knew the truth, it was obvious, but he could still barely bring himself to believe it.  
Though he knew better than any other man how much the Emperor and his corruption weighed on the Empire, Jaret also knew the power of tradition.  Xionious Valatarian had created the position of Emperor, had elevated his most loyal general to the position and dictated that his family should rule for all time.  As with everything done by Valatarian, it was the will of the Holy Order.  The Emperor was the supreme enforcer of the Order, its ultimate guardian.  The Book of Valatarian said that as long as an anointed emperor occupied the Palace of the Dawn, Order would reign.  So extreme was that belief that the Emperor was never allowed to leave the palace, and when one Emperor died, the next was anointed the same day, within hours if possible.
And now his men had decided that they knew better than Valatarian, that they could destroy the order he had created, that they could defy the word of their savior.  Jaret would not allow it, would kill every one of them if he had to, would die trying if he had to.
He closed on the throne room and looked at the massive doors that blocked his path.  They were two of the largest and most magnificent in existence.  They spanned to the ceiling some twenty feet above and filled the entire hall, another thirty feet from end to end.  Across their surfaces, inlays of precious metals showed scenes from the height of the Empire.  Those scenes were so elaborate and well-conceived that they seemed to be alive.  The hall’s generous lamplight reflected off the metal from a thousand angles, making it shimmer and move.  Captivated, Jaret almost lost his purpose as he closed on the door and reached for the mighty ring that acted as a handle.  Solid gold, the handle was a hollow representation of the sun with spikes of flame rising out around his hand where he clasped it.  
He took a deep breath and tried to pull the door open.  His arm did not respond.  His heart was pounding beyond any physical exertion.  It hurt, ached in his chest.  His stomach churned.  He felt light-headed.   He knew what he had to do, but his every cell fought him.  He knew that his death waited on the other side of that door.  He would soon fight his own men, would kill them, and make them kill him.  This is where it would all end.  He took another deep breath, built his resolution, and pulled.  
This time, his mind won out over the objections of his body.  His hand tightened around the ring, and the door eased open on massive, well-oiled, but entirely invisible, hinges.  As soon as the opening was wide enough to allow his entry, he leapt into the room, blades ready.
He was too late.  Before him was the most magnificent single room in the world, but there was no beauty in it.  He scrolled through the bodies scattered around the room and could almost trace every blow that had been dealt in the recently completed battle.  The imperial bodyguards had clearly been the first to fall.  They had managed two lines, one at the door and another around the throne.  Their bodies formed short walls of tangled limbs and crumpled armor to show the position of their final stand.  Scattered among those bodies were a handful of black shapes – the legionnaires had not been spared.  Far more gruesome, however, were the bodies of the royal family.  Men, women, children even had been mercilessly slaughtered.  Their extravagantly clothed bodies scattered the room, arrows standing from their backs, heads removed, huddled in corners where no retreat or quarter had been available.  The assassins wanted no legacy to remain.  They had started here, but this slaughtered showed that they would not stop until the entire imperial family had been wiped away.  It was murder, cold-blooded and cruel.  It was not what Jaret had trained these men to do, and the sight of it made him sick.
Holding his guts, he forced his eyes from the bodies to the wondrous room that their deaths had spoiled.  The huge wall of perfectly clear glass that faced out over the crystal-blue waters of the Endless Sea was spattered with blood.  The intricate mosaic of mystical tiles that covered the floor was littered with broken bodies.  The magnificent blue-green marble columns carved into the forms of fanciful creatures stood somber and joyless.  Huge ancient tapestries and paintings that had hung unfading in the room since the days of the first emperors were torn, smashed, or stained beyond repair.  
But most horrible of all was the scene at the center of the room.  Jaret’s eyes were mercilessly drawn to the large dais that held the Emperor’s throne.  On each step of that dais, man’s ascension to understanding was depicted by tiles in patterns that moved from chaos through each step until they finally aligned into a steady pattern on the last step.  And above that sat the man whose presence elevated man from chaos to order.  His throne was a huge raised chair made from a single block of an unknown black ivory.  It had been polished until it shined even in sparse light and then highlighted with mother of pearl, gems, and precious metals.  The throne started with four animals – a deer, a dolphin, a falcon, and a man – that formed the legs.  From the legs, the chair flowed into a flawlessly ordered weaving of branches that symbolized the interconnectedness of nature above which only the Order reigned.  Two lines of oak trees grew from the seat with their collective canopies forming the arms of the chair.  The back was a solid wave rising over the head of the Emperor.  On top of the wave was the rising sun, the perfect symbol of order, depicted as a gold-encrusted open circle through which the actual sun shone each morning as it rose above the ocean in the background.  
Jaret considered the throne to be the most glorious thing ever made by human hands.  The first time he had seen it, he had been so stunned that he had barely been able to speak.  It had nearly cost him his head as the Emperor had become impatient with his seemingly mute commander.  Today, he could barely bring his eyes to the chair without reflexively diverting them.  For there, surrounded by the bodies of his guards was the Emperor, Kristor az’ Pmalatir.  He knelt before his throne.  His head was bowed.  Terror and disbelief defined his features.  And above him stood Jaret’s best friend, his most loyal commander, the man he trusted above all others.  Commander Traeger Hanar held his sword above the Emperor.  Arrayed around him, surrounding the dais, backs to Jaret were at least fifty legionnaires – the only other living men in the room.
“ . . . For crimes against the Empire and all its peoples, we condemn thee.”  Jaret finally recovered enough to realize that Traeger was yelling.  “For excesses and wastes that could have gone to save our home, we condemn thee.  For willful disregard of the wellbeing of the Empire you were born to rule, we condemn thee.  And for betraying the Holy Order you were anointed to serve and allowing us to fall to the storms of chaos, we condemn thee and damn thee to the Maelstrom.  May it tear apart your soul the way you have torn apart this nation we love."  The sword crashed down.  Jaret prayed that it was a trick of the eyes, but beyond praying, he was powerless.  He was frozen just inside the door too far away to do anything but watch as the steel whistled through the air to end the life of the last true Emperor of the San Chier Empire.  
Jaret closed his eyes, dropped to his knees, and screamed with all the power he could muster the only word that would come to mind, "No!"  
The sound echoed through the hall.  When his lungs gave out, his eyes opened, and he saw the Emperor sprawled across the top of the dais.  His blood ran down the five steps that led from order to where his head lay with terrible surprised look in the realm of chaos.  Legionnaires spun.  Their swords rattled as they brought them up.  Every eye focused on Jaret.  
And they began to cheer.  
They rushed over him, lifted his limp body, and under Traeger’s direction, carried him to the throne.  As they carried him, nearly tossing him in the air in their fervor, Traeger announced, "Commander Rammeriz, you alone have given us hope in these troubled times,” he used his command voice, projected it over the cheers of his men.  His words were reverent to the point of fanaticism.  “You alone have maintained order through the storms that have ravaged us.  But even you could not heal our broken land as long as it was ruled by chaos and corruption.  Thus it is that, we, your most loyal servants, have bloodied our hands, have committed these terrible crimes.  Not for you, Jaret Rammeriz.  For our families, our countrymen, and for the Holy Order.  The Emperor is dead.  All hail the new Emperor, Jaret az’ Rammeriz."
There was a tremendous roar from the men who held Jaret aloft.  They threw him in the air and chanted, "All hail Emperor Rammeriz!  All hail Emperor Rammeriz!  All hail Emperor Rammeriz!"  They carried him to the top of the dais and set him down next to Traeger, who quickly descended the steps and bowed.  As one, fifty legionnaires fell to a knee, heads bowed.  It was the first time anyone had ever knelt to Jaret Rammeriz, the vine boy who had grown far beyond his station.
Jaret was in shock.  He was unable to speak, unable to move.  He had known in the back of his mind that this would be the result of the day’s events, but he had never wanted it to be true.  Now, he could only look dumbfounded with tears streaming down his cheeks and his knees shaking so hard that he could barely stand above the crumpled body at his feet.  He diverted his eyes and concentrated on not being sick.  He had seen more death in his life than any man should, and he thought that he was hardened to it, but at that moment, he felt like he had as a boy after his first blood-soaked battle.  He thought he was going to lose his stomach on the tiled floor just as he had done on the green grass of the field that day so long ago.
His men did not seem to notice.  They chanted his name and bowed before him like some pagan god.  Kneeling before him, their faces were illuminated by the last rays of the sun as it reflected off the waves of the Endless Sea.  To Jaret that light seemed not to illuminate the faces as much as it highlighted the shadows, and as he looked down on the men before him, he thought that they more closely resembled a swarm of unholy demons come to destroy the world than a legion of revolutionaries who had acted to save an empire.
A crash at the back of the room jarred Jaret from his revulsion and self-admonishment.  He looked up and saw the doors of the throne room swung wide and filled to bursting with armored men, the imperial guards.  At the front of what must be every remaining guard stood a figure encased in the most excessively ornate armor Jaret had ever seen.  It was gold plated with a great eagle embossed on the chest, talons carved into the greaves, and feathers etched across the plates and over the massive shoulder guards.  Done as a great eagle’s head, the helm completed the theme with onyx eyes and an ivory beak.  The man in that laughable armor, shifted his worthless golden sword to his off-hand and pushed the face guard up to reveal a round face with pinched nose, beady eyes, weak chin, and thick red lips.  Jaret formed the rest of Commander Nabim’s flabby body, delicate hands, and long dark hair from memory.  
Behind the dull-witted stooge were nearly a hundred imperial guards.  They wore their usual armor with a bronze sunburst emblazoned on the breastplate and another sun rising over the front of their faceless helms.  They carried rectangular shields with yet another bronze sun in one hand and long spears with broad blades in the other.  At their sides swung short-bladed swords.  
Thus armed, the imperial guards looked like a formidable force, especially given the lightly armored men they were preparing to face, but Jaret knew better.  From what he had seen, the imperial guards were exceedingly lax in their training – being primarily the lazy bastards of the imperial family’s many concubines – and were only useful for standing at doors and mercilessly executing anyone who offended their masters.  He had never seen the guards face armed opponents that fought back and did not expect them or their dim-witted leader to stand long against the most-skilled, best-trained soldiers the Empire had to offer. 
At least Jaret hoped that would be the case.  He hoped that the guards would surrender as soon as they realized that their superior numbers could not buy them victory.  He had little doubt which side would win this fight, he simply wanted to limit the amount of additional blood that would be shed – the Order was already trembling at the carnage this room had seen.  
Jaret looked through the men in the doorway, found their eyes, and searched for fear and doubt.  He did not find any.  He had spent years reading the eyes of men in battle to determine where the next blow would land.  Over that time, he had learned to read a man’s thought just as he might a sword thrust.  Commander Rastabi had always said, "Seeing where a man's eyes point will tell you where the next blow will land, but seeing what his eyes say will tell you where all his blows will land."  It was a refrain that Jaret had never forgotten, but today he almost wished that he could not read the eyes of his enemies.  The eyes of the imperial guards were filled with a fervent, lust-filled hatred the likes of which he could not ever remember seeing, and every bit of it was directed at him.  The sight sent a shiver up his spine.  There had been many men who had hated him, but none had ever looked at him the way these men did.  Their eyes shot fury as if he had just murdered their children before their eyes.
Jaret’s confidence dissipated.  These men were raised from childhood to fill their positions.  The importance of the man they protected was drilled into them daily.  To these men, the Emperor was the very heart of the order that bound the world together and allowed the sun to rise each morning.  In their minds, Jaret had not killed their children, he had killed their god.  They would fight to the death and beyond to enact their revenge, would fight with the passion of those who had no hope, had no reason left to live.
"I knew that you would be behind this, Warlord Rammeriz.”  Commander Nabim broke the palpable silence.  Both sides eyed each other warily, but no one moved except Nabim, who took a step forward.  “You have always had your eye on what could never be yours, but this time your ambition has gone too far.  To think that you, a commoner, a peasant, could displace the man that the Holy Order itself has anointed is not only vanity, it is blasphemy.”  
Nabim pounded his sword on the tiles at his feet and the guards behind him grumbled their collective agreement.  The legionnaires fanned out around the door, preparing themselves to fight.  “We, the protectors of this most holy empire and the order it was meant to rule, will not stand for this travesty.  We will cast out you and your unholy minions and restore a member of the royal line to the throne.”  Commander Nabim puffed himself up, denoting that he was that member.  “You, Jaret Rammeriz, will regret the day that your ambition outgrew your place."  
The small man raised his hand to signal the men massed behind him.  After a short, dead-silent pause that allowed the tension to grow, he brought his hand down and shouted, "For the glory of the Empire!"  
Traeger echoed him.  “For Emperor Rammeriz,” he screamed as he led his men into battle. 
The imperial guards charged toward the ranks of legionnaires.  Weighted down by their armor, they made it look like a wave splitting around a rock in slow motion as they flowed around Nabim.  The charge was further slowed as the leading members of the wave fell with arrows neatly tucked into the gaps between their helmets and breastplates, but the legionnaires with bows, a handful by Jaret’s count, only managed one volley before the silver tide gained it stride and hit the wall of red and black defined by the legionnaires.  
The guards lowered their broad-bladed spears as they closed on the legionnaires.  The sight of those long spears driving toward his lightly armored men made Jaret cringe despite himself.  Under normal circumstances, the legionnaires would not have lasted past that charge, but his men knew how to adapt to their opponents, and they executed that training perfectly.  They waited until the last conceivable moment, the moment when the guards’ eyes grew wide for certainty that their spears would strike home.  Only when they saw that change did they dodge back and then roll forward beneath the spears.  The maneuvers brought them into their opponents and ended with their dirks stabbing through gaps at the bottoms of the guards’ breastplates.  
The first wave of guards fell, almost universally, to the same attack.  The legionnaires swung their swords up as they retrieved their dirks and drove them toward the next guard in line.  Many of those men fell just as quickly as they struggled to drop their now worthless spears and draw their swords.  
By coming in close to their opponents, the legionnaires had made the reach of the guards’ spears worthless and eliminated one of their key advantages.  That left the guards on their heels as the legionnaires pressed their advantage with quick swords and dirks that expertly exposed then exploited the gaps in the guards’ armor.    
Despite that initial success, the battle was far from won.  The legionnaires were still outnumbered, and they had already seen one hard fight this day.  Jaret could tell that their reflexes were not as sharp as they might be, and as the guards recovered from their initial shock, they began to push the legionnaires back.  Several of the men in black fell or dropped back wounded.  The problem, Jaret realized, was that the guards were doing exactly what a force of their type should do.  They were working as a single unit rather than a set of individuals, using the weight of their numbers to strengthen the advantages of their armor.  They had formed an anonymous wall, shields raised, sword slashing down over that barrier at whatever was in front of them.  And the legionnaires had no way of breeching that wall.  They could only block the blows raining from above and search for cracks that no longer existed.  Slowly, the legionnaires began to give room, and Jaret saw potential disaster.  The legionnaires were in danger of being split, of being forced back into the walls at their backs with nowhere to go and no way to use their advantages in speed and training.  
Jaret felt his heart tremor.  Then his mind cleared.  He was still Imperial Warlord, and he would not lose to Nabim an’ Pmalatir.  If he could not stop the unspeakable horrors he had witnessed, if he was going to be remembered for all time as the traitor who brought down a two thousand year reign, he might as well make the most of it, might as well use this tragedy to repair his broken land.  And the first step to doing that was to rid the world of men like Nabim.  
He examined the situation before him with clear eyes, thought through the required maneuvers in a heartbeat, and raised his hand in a fist above his head.  “Legionnaires,” he yelled.  His well-trained battle voice easily carried over the sounds of melee.  "Formation!  Squeeze and press, close quarters!"
Before he drew the breath to repeat the order, the legionnaires reacted.  Contrary to all apparent reason, they charged the guards, pressed shoulders to their shields, pushed them back.  They came in face-to-face with their opponents, doing exactly what unarmored men should never do against armor.  As Jaret expected, the change caught the guards by surprise, and they gave ground until they were crammed into a shoulder-to-shoulder cube.  From where Jaret stood on the dais, it looked like the snake’s eye of a die with the silver men all packed around one spot of gold.  
The legionnaires strained to hold that cube in check, pressed on despite trembling legs and mounting injuries.  Jaret knew that they could not hold the close quarters for long.  Soon the guards would recover from their shock, untangle themselves, and cut the legionnaires to pieces, but he waited nonetheless.  
His hand went to a half-fist.  "Legionnaires!  Archers disengage.  Position center!"  Another yell and eight men broke from different positions in the outline of the cube.  The archers, many of them bleeding from slashes across arms or legs, formed a single line in front of the throne with arrows notched.  
Jaret came down a step and spoke to his men in a voice for them alone.  "Fire upon release.  You will see the time.  As many volleys as you can."  He did not look to see if the men had heard but saw their bows rise to the ready.
Jaret let another long moment pass.  He waited to see the guards eyes narrow, waited to see their surprise turn into frustration and renewed determination.  He waited for it. . . .  
His voice echoed over the sounds of battle; his hand came open.  "Legionnaires!  Release and spread!  Run like hell!”  
The legionnaires flew back from the guards.  The release and spread command was an instantaneous retreat with no commitment.  The men were to turn tail and run, and that is exactly what they did.  The cube that had been straining to expand suddenly burst.  The guards gave into their instincts and followed whichever man had been in front of them.  Their discipline was lost, and they scattered to every corner of the room in disarray.  
When the legionnaires had drawn their opponents from the door, they reengaged.  This time they had room to maneuver, could get to the sides and backs of the guards, and they made the guards pay dearly for their zeal.
At that same second of release, the archers fired into the exposed core of the guards.  Thirty men waited in that core, shocked by the explosion of the human walls that had held them in check.  In the time that it took those men to deploy themselves, they were feathered with two volleys of arrows that dropped a third of their number.  When they finally did charge, it was into the archers and the throne, leaving a single golden shape behind to gawk as his plans unraveled.  
Jaret looked for Nabim’s eyes, expecting to see fear, but the fool was smiling, smiling as if the battle were all but won.  The expression was so preposterous that Jaret surveyed the room again.  The imperial guards were falling in droves.  They were scattered about the room with no chance of reforming their lines, and the legionnaires were pressing their advantage, using the space they had been given to attack the sides and backs of the slow-moving guards.  Still Commander Nabim wore an arrogant grin.  
Few things could disgust Jaret more than a commander who smiled at the deaths of his men, so he strode off of the dais, down the steps, and into the teeth of the battle.  He would wipe that grin off of Nabim’s face himself and ensure that it never returned.  
His sword appeared without thought in his right hand.  The dirk he held back-handed in his left.  He gripped them hard as he moved with deadly malice toward the golden figure twenty yards away.  A broad sword flashed at the corner of his vision.  He blocked it with his own, forced its owner’s arm up, and planted his dirk in the gap at the pit of his arm.  The guard screamed as he fell, just another lost in the roar of battle.  Jaret pushed the man away, abandoned his dirk, and continued his advance without ever lowering his eyes.  
He closed slowly on the Commander of the Western Peace and saw fear bloom in his eyes for the first time.  Seeing that fear, Jaret relished his advance all the more, relished watching Nabim’s confidence crumble.  
He dispatched another guard with a series of three easy strokes and bent in the same motion to pluck a second sword from the body of a fallen legionnaire.  He did not expect to need the second weapon, but he was equally good with each hand and did not want to leave anything to chance.  
Nabim seemed to shrink in his armor as Jaret closed the gap between them.  Even though his armor did everything possible to make its owner appear larger – with a vaulted helm, broadened shoulder guards, and platform boots – it just made the man inside seem smaller.  Jaret was not much taller than Nabim or significantly broader, but he had always thought of Nabim as much smaller than himself.  Perhaps it was because of his long nose, large ears, and weak chin, or maybe it was the delicate hands that trembled as they held the well-polished, but never-used, sword.  Most likely, Jaret realized, it was because the man had such a small mind, a mind that could not see past himself to the people he hurt with his petty need for power.  Now, that mind was learning a new emotion, one foreign to pampered royalty.  Commander Nabim was learning the meaning of fear.
Jaret cut down two more guards to remove Nabim’s final line of defense.  Nabim brought the golden sword up to defend himself.  It required all his strength just to raise it, and then it shook erratically.  The sight made Jaret want to laugh.  He considered how to kill the pathetic fool, wondered if he had the self-control to do it quickly.  Then the unbelievable happened.  
A swirling black disk appeared out of nowhere.  After a heartbeat of motion, a tiny man in a black robe stepped from the disk and positioned himself next to Nabim.  The disk and man were there so suddenly that Jaret took a step back and looked around, wanting someone to confirm what he had just seen.  No one else appeared to have seen the event, and when he turned back to his target, the hole in the air was gone, leaving only the small man at Nabim’s side.
The new arrival was truly a small man, standing a few inches below five feet.  His small size was accentuated by a curved spine and bent knees.  His hands, which were the only part of him outside the black robe, were white but not wrinkled with age as Jaret had expected.  They were young, delicate, and nimble, probably never having performed a day of work in their existence.  
Hoping to find the man’s eyes, Jaret looked deep into the shadows of his mighty cowl.  What he saw there was not like anything he had ever seen.  At first he mistook the man’s dark eyes for mad, but this man suffered from no madness.  His eyes held something far more frightening.  In his eyes was destruction, hatred, and an utter disdain for the order of the world.  If ever he were forced to define evil, Jaret now knew its eyes.
The entire appraisal took only a second, but Jaret felt like he was held by those eyes for an eternity.  When he was released, he took a step back and stumbled to the floor.  He felt as if he had been hit between the eyes, and he reeled for several seconds before he remembered his intent.  He grabbed his swords from the floor where he had dropped them and formed a new resolve.  More than any other task in the world, he had to kill that strange little man.  If it cost him his life, he would do it, and although it did not look to be a difficult task – the man did not even appear to be armed – he somehow knew that it would be very nearly impossible.
Jaret brought his eyes back up and found the hunched man looking away toward the far side of the room as if he did not exist.  Nabim smiled broadly, inviting him to advance.  It was an invitation that Jaret was all too happy to accept.  
He sprinted the remaining steps to his opponents with his swords ready to strike two different targets.  The final steps closed quickly, but neither of his opponents offered the slightest resistance to the blows they must see coming.  This fact unnerved him, but Jaret could not change his approach.  He drove his left hand forward, prepared to feel it sink to the hilt into the chest of the black-robed man as his right swept around to catch the gap at the side of Nabim’s breastplate.  Jaret’s eyes grew wide with anticipation.  His attack was destined to succeed.  There was nothing that either man could do to stop him.  
At that same moment, the little man acted.  His hand came up like a snake, and an unseen force smashed into Jaret, blocking his thrust and hurling him back onto the tiled floor.  He crashed hard, and the wind rushed from his lungs.  He reeled, gasping from the blow, but struggled to his feet nonetheless and prepared for another charge.  
As he came to his knees, pain hit him with unspeakable intensity.  It was like a bolt of lightning had struck him.  Every nerve in his body wailed.  The swords slipped from his hands, and he thrashed in agony.  When the pain ended, what seemed like hours later, he convulsed on the floor.  His body tingled as if it had fallen asleep from lack of blood.  His arms and legs would not move.  All he could do was watch Nabim and his henchman through hazy eyes as they walked the few steps to stand over his twitching form.  
The black-robed man looked down on him with his terrible eyes.  Through the cowl, Jaret could see his delicate, almost feminine, features as they stretched into a joyless smile.  
“Kill them,” Nabim ordered from the other side, his nasal whine making Jaret’s skin crawl.  
The little man seemed to sigh as he turned to the side of the room that Jaret faced.  “You agree to my masters’ terms?” the man asked with a soft, feminine voice.
“Yes, yes,” Nabim waved his hand in annoyance.  “I have already told you so.  If you live up to your end, I will gladly do as you wish.”
“Very well,” the man said.  “I am at your command.”  The man held out his hands.  They appeared to twitch beneath the long sleeves of his robe.  A wave of calm came over Jaret that he could not explain, and he watched the battle before him with sudden disregard.  
The legionnaires on that side of the room were finishing the last of the guards and concentrating on the effort.  They never saw the sheet of fire that sprang from the tiny hands of the black-robed man.  Jaret’s emotions returned, and he watched in horror as legionnaires and imperial guards alike were incinerated by the wall of flame until nothing but ash remained on that side of the room.  The flames struck the far wall, and a wave of heat leapt back all the way to where Jaret lay at the feet of its source.  Without any seeming regret, the man turned to the other side.  Paralyzed, Jaret did not have to witness the deaths, but the roar of the flames, the screams, the wave of reflected heat told him everything he needed to know.
“Now lift him.  I want to look in his peasant eyes.” Nabim ordered.  “Head over heels.  Just like that fool servant who tried to keep you from my estate last week.”
“As you wish.”  Jaret found himself lifted by some unseen force.  He was held upside-down a full five feet off the ground so that he was looking into Nabim’s eyes only a few feet away.  His arms hung limply by his head though he begged them to strangle the sneering weasel before him and his ghastly little henchman.
“So you see Warlord Rammeriz.  You were a fool to think that you could ever be Emperor.  The Order would never stand for it.  Yuelle came to me a week ago and told me of this plan.  He offered me the throne, offered me his power and all I have to do are a few simple things such as aid his masters when they invade Liandria.  I would have done that anyway, but now I will have his power to aid me.  With it, I will be unstoppable.  
“And I have you to thank,” he brought his face to within inches of Jaret’s and sneered.  “Thank you for killing the Emperor.  Who would have imagined that a peasant would be the one to help me fulfill my destiny?”  
Nabim turned around and marched toward the throne.  As he wove around the bodies to ascend the dais, he waved to his new servant.  “I am finished with him.  You know what to do.”
But the little man was not finished.  Jaret slowly spun so that he looked into the man’s horrible eyes.  He smiled sadly.  “It is as it must be,” he said.  “Nabim serves the interests of my masters.  I wish I could spare you this, but my power is now his to command.  And you will have no choice but to watch as everything you love is torn apart, as the very foundations of your world crumble.”  The little man sighed again, looked with dismay at his master then cast his hand out and away.
As the man had spoken, Jaret had realized that he was speaking a language that he had never heard, but he could understand it perfectly.  He was just pondering the impossibility of that, piling it on top of the towering mountains of impossibilities he had witnessed, when he began hurtled through the air.  He flew faster and faster until he struck the far wall.  The air was smashed from his lungs, his bones cracked, and his head split.  He fell to the floor in a heap but barely noticed as the world faded to black. 



Chapter 27


The town of Potter's Place was little more than a few rugged buildings huddled together in a large clearing where the trees had been pushed back by human expansion.  It was well smaller than Randor’s Pass and had the ramshackle look of a village under long siege by the trees that surrounded it.  But the trees were nothing more than the patient beneficiaries of the town’s hardship.  Poverty was its true enemy, an invisible wasting disease that could not be defeated by anything as simple as axes or fire.  Unlike some of its neighbors, Potter’s Place had nothing to distinguish it, nothing to sustain it.  It was not at a crossroads, did not have a river to turn a millwheel or transport lumber to market, had no special resources or commerce.  One could easily wonder why the town had ever been built, but they would be left to wonder.  It had stood for as long as anyone could remember, stoically resisting the irrelevance that threatened year-after-year to end it.
On this day just past the height of summer, Potter’s Place was facing its most difficult test.  The people remained huddled in their houses no matter the urgency of their need.  No shops were open, no children played in the green, no women talked on their porches or tended their gardens.  Smoke did not rise from the chimneys.  If not for the occasional head peeking furtively from behind drawn curtains or cracked shutters, Teth would have thought that the village truly was abandoned.  Abandoned that is except for the main road that connected it to the rest of civilization.  Along that road, stretching from one end of the village to where it disappeared again into the trees on the other, were thousands upon thousands of men marching steadily east.
Teth watched those men from the top of a small bluff overlooking the village.  Dasen lay beside her, hand clenched in hers, fingers intertwined, squeezing so that they hurt.  They had only just arrived at their perch, having had to pull themselves up the steep, damp hill with their hands as much as feet.  It has been exhausting, dirty work made harder by a cool mist that had accompanied them throughout the morning.  They were now every bit as dirty and desperate as they had been the previous night, and as the scene below showed, no help was imminent. 
We don’t need it.  No one is chasing us.  If they were, they’d have taken us.  We don’t need to run.  Let the invaders be.  It was a revelation sent by the Order itself.  Why run?  Why try to outpace an army?  We can stay in the forest, use my shelter, sneak in to see Milne.  
She spared a look at Dasen.  A few days ago, he would have laughed, but now . . . . 
Last night, when they had collapsed into the hay, he had held her, his body pressed against her, warm, gentle, reassuring.  And everything had felt right.  She had enjoyed that comfort for the barest moment before she fell into the deepest, most peaceful sleep she remembered having since she was a child.  Then she’d had that dream.  She could still almost feel the way he had touched her in those too real images.  It was probably a good thing he was not there when she woke.  She was not sure what she would have done if he’d have been holding her when she’d woken and wanted more than anything for the feelings from that dream to be real.
As it was, she had come down and acted like some spellbound girl.  She had bathed right in the middle of the yard, exposed herself to the risk that the freeholders or invaders return, had hoped that he was watching.  Then she had nearly attacked him in the barn, had barely been able to tear herself away, could still feel his hands on her, his tongue, lips, coarse facial hair.
She shook her head to dispel the memories.  She was still more than a little embarrassed.  Dasen had been shocked, but at least he hadn’t pushed her away.  In fact, following a breakfast of flavorless oat cakes and a rabbit she shot in the garden, they kissed quite a few more times on their way to this place.  Following the road from the trees, they had held hands and spent their breaks locked together.  In the beginning, Dasen had seemed shocked but willing, by the time they reached this final hill, he almost seemed to accept a girl who took what she wanted.
He gets it, she thought again.  He has seen who I am, and he doesn’t care.  He wants me anyway.  Sure she had initiated nearly every contact they’d had, but he accepted her, took what she offered, did not demand more.  And isn’t that indication enough that he isn’t locked into the traditional roles, that he accepts me as I am, aggressive, assertive, undaunted.  Certainly any other boy she knew would rather be joined to a goat than have a girl dictate their courtship.  No, she decided, Dasen is different.  He is nothing like those lugs in Randor’s Pass.  Milne was right all along.
She turned her head and stared at him.  He was nothing like the man she’d always thought would claim her.  She’d imagined a woodsman as strong and savvy as her, someone who loved the forest, knew the animals, lived from the land.  She’d imagined that he would hunt her like a prize buck, would eventually find her and take her away to live far from the judgmental eyes of others.  He would be strong and fast and sure.  Handsome, of course.  And in awe of a woman who was every bit as strong as him, the only match he had ever found.  They would hunt together, explore, sleep under the stars, spend their winters in bed.  Their children would ride on their backs until they could run at their sides.
Dasen was as far from that fantasy as a man could possibly get, but he was something far more important.  He was kind.  He cared for her.  She was more and more convinced that he understood her, was brave enough to accept a misfit for what she was.  And, most important, he was real.  Milne had said that she was living a lie, and she had been right.  Her fantasy had been just that.  Dasen was real, he was right here, and he was enough.
“Stay here with me,” Teth said before she realized the words were out of her mouth.  
Dasen tore his eyes from the village with some effort.  “What?” he whispered, but his wide eyes drifted back before she could answer.  “What are we supposed to do now?” he mumbled.  “By the Order, we’ll never get ahead of them.  We might as well surrender.”  He sounded defeated, clearly overcome by what they were seeing below.
Teth licked her lips and built up her courage.  She grabbed Dasen’s arm.  “Look at me, Dasen.”  He only glanced toward her, so she shook him.  “No, look at me.”  Finally, he pulled his attention fully from the village.  Teth took a deep breath.  “We can stay here,” she said, nearly begging.
Dasen looked confused.  “Here?  In Potter’s Place?”
“No, in the forest.  On the other side of the river if we can get there.  We’ll build a bigger shelter, maybe even a cabin, and wait this out.”  Dasen drew the breath to speak, but Teth continued over him.  “Just listen for a minute.  The invaders aren’t looking for us anymore.  I’m sure of that.  If they were, we’d have seen them.  And once they’re across the river, there’s no reason for them to stick around.  This will be the safest place to be.  I have arrows now.  We can hunt and forage our food.  We can even sneak in to visit my aunt.  Her house is outside the village, so no one will need to know we are around.  It will . . . .”
“Stop, Teth.  You know that will never work.”  Dasen did not leave any room for doubt.  “What happens when you run out of arrows again – you only have eight.  We don’t have a pot, blankets, clothes.  How will we build a cabin without tools?  I couldn’t build one even if we had them.  And what do we do when the winter comes?”  He paused and shook his head.  “I know you want to see your aunt, but what about my father and Rynn?  We have to get the information we have to the Chancellor.  It’s the only chance they have.  And even if we didn’t have to think about them, that life is over.  We’re joined.  You don’t have to keep living like this.  Once we get to the city, we’ll have everything we need.  We’ll have a real life.  We won’t have to worry about what happens when you catch a baby.  We wouldn’t be able to attend the university, but with all this, that might not be possible anyway.  I mean, what would we do if it happened out here?  We’re not raising a pack of wolves.”
Everything Dasen said made sense.  Teth knew that it was true.  Staying in the forest had been a fantasy every bit as far-fetched as her old musings, but to have it so thoroughly and cruelly dismissed took her breath away.  Catch a baby.  She had not even considered that might be the result of what she’d wanted to do that morning.  She stared at Dasen and stammered.  He reached out a hand and stroked her hair back, held her cheek, stared at her in the most patronizing way she could imagine, like she was a child that had just suggested they plant coins to grow a money tree.  She slapped his hand away, anger flaring.  “Who ever said we’d be raising anything?” she hissed.  
Dasen was set back, but that patronizing look remained.  “I just thought that was the way things were going.  It didn’t seem like you wanted to wait.  I mean, there are ways to keep from catching a baby, but I . . . .”
“You think that is what this has been about?” Teth seethed.
“What else would it be about?”
“Just forget it.”  Teth shook her head, ground her teeth, then turned and scrambled down the hill far faster than Dasen could ever hope to manage.
“Teth, I’m sorry,” Dasen called after a moment of shock.  “Where are you going?  What’s wrong?”
Teth spun.  “We’re not going to get to your precious city by sitting here feeling sorry for ourselves.  Our only hope is that we can get ahead of them.  Given the lead they already have, that means we’ll have to move a lot faster than we have been.  So let’s get going.”  With that, she turned and practically ran down the hill.  Stupid!  Stupid, foolish girl, she scolded herself with every step.

#

Dasen was still not sure where it had all gone wrong.  A few hours ago he had been holding Teth’s hand as he walked, kissing her every time they stopped, dreaming about what would happen when they found a real bed.  Di Valati Alsance’ warning had seemed like a lifetime gone.  He had been prepared to risk it all to be with Teth – who knew if they’d be alive tomorrow, let alone attending a university.  Now, he panted, gasped, and stumbled just to keep her in view, as if she now wanted to be rid of him, as if she hoped he would fall so far behind that she could forget he had ever been following.
Even when they stopped, a rare event since Potter’s Place, she kept moving, kept him away from her, did not turn and throw him against a tree as she had that morning, leaving him more breathless than he had been from the walk.  They did not talk.  Every time he tried, she answered with silence.  He had even tried to apologize.  He was not sure what for, but he had tried nonetheless.  Surely, he could have been more sympathetic at Potter’s Place, but what did she expect?  Did she really think they would live in some mud covered shelter like animals?  The very idea had been a joke.  He was glad he had kept himself from laughing.  And now he was supposed to feel sorry for stating the obvious, for saying that they couldn’t raise their children in a cave?  It was just more evidence of the hold that chaos had on her, of its attempts to pull her back into its embrace.  It reinforced Dasen’s belief that she needed a strong hand to bring her back to the Order.  Just as soon as they got out of this cursed forest . . . .
Teth had stopped.  Dasen did the same, standing ten paces behind her on the other side of a thicket she had just skirted.  She watched the ground, knelt, then studied the trees, low to high and back again.  Dasen bounded around the spindly bushes that separated them until he was at her side.  She barely acknowledged him, so he waited, breaths suddenly faster, hands sore from the grip he maintained on the one-tined pitchfork he had kept as a walking stick.
“We’re near another freehold,” Teth finally whispered.  “A tree has been taken from that hill over there, and there’s a snare here, recently set.  Maybe today.  I can see footprints as well.  They must be recent because they were made in the mud.”  She adjusted her damp shirt – adding to their misery, it had been raining off and on throughout the day – seemed to study it, looked up into the gray sky, then breathed deep.  “I think . . . .”
The whiz and thwack of an arrow hitting the tree in front of them cut off her words.  Teth dropped so fast that, for a second, Dasen thought she’d been hit.  But he could only stand, stunned, watching the arrow quiver in the tree a foot from his chest.
"What are you doing?” Teth hissed.  “Get down, you idiot!”
The words brought Dasen from his shock, and he fell to a crouch behind the birch, close enough to be touching Teth.  He held the pitchfork out like a pikesman receiving a cavalry charge, prepared himself to use it on whatever emerged from the forest before them.  
"I was wondering why you were carrying that thing.”  Teth rolled her eyes.  “Just try not to stab me while you're swinging it around, alright?"
Dasen opened his mouth to expound the usefulness of his weapon, but Teth shook her head, held a finger to her lips, and turned back to the trees.  She sighted along the quivering arrow to a pair of cedars growing from a common root.  Dasen could only see the barest outline of a man standing behind one of the trunks as he brought another arrow carefully to his bow.  Teth matched his movement, stringing her bow in a single fluid motion and selecting an arrow to grace its string.
"Who‘re ya?” a voice yelled from the cedars.  “If I’d wan’d ta, I coulda’ dropped ya befir ya knew I’s ‘ere, so jest lay down yir weapons, an’ we’ll talk."
Dasen looked at Teth.  She wore a thoughtful, if slightly dumbfounded, look as if running through their options without much success.  The voice had spoken in the Imperial tongue with a heavy western Kingdoms accent.  He was no invader.  The freeholder, Dasen realized, or even better a forest master.  In either case, exactly what they needed.  
Dasen stood up and threw his pitchfork to the side.  "Don’t shoot!” he yelled and realized only then that that was a real possibility.  His breath caught as he waited to see an arrow strike his chest.  When it didn’t come, he drew another and continued, “My name is Dasen Ronigan.”  He emphasized his last name, knowing the power it held.  “And this is my . . . my wife . . . Tethina."  It felt strange to refer to Teth as his wife.  He looked reflexively at her, but she just scowled, looking like she wanted nothing more than to shoot him with the arrow she held.  "We are on the run from the invaders.  We did not know we were on your land and have no desire for a fight.  If you can . . . .“
“Ronigan, ya say?” the voice interrupted Dasen.  Its owner stepped from behind the trees and lowered his bow.  “I heard ya was back fir yir joinin’ ceremony.  How’d ya end up out ‘ere?”
 “It’s a long story.  I think we’d both rather it was told while we’re sitting.”
“Right sensible that,” the man agreed.  He walked toward them through the brush.  He was a tall, sturdy man in his later years.  Wisps of white hair peeked from below the band of his broad-brimmed hat.  His growing smile showed more than a few gaps.  He had a sallow face with its beak of a nose and deep-set, cold-blue eyes.  And his face was impossibly weathered – tanned skin hung on his thin head like a damp leather sack.  But his eyes were those of a young man, sharp blue, alive, and welcoming.  “An’ ya joined Tethina Galbridge, that right?”
“That’s correct.”  Dasen looked for Teth, motioned her to stand.  He expected her to be relieved, but her look could have killed him.
“. . . . her father right well.  We’s in the forest master tagether long time back before either ya’s born.”  Dasen was so set back by Teth’s baleful expression that he had missed part of what the old may had said.  “My name’s Jer Muldon.  This is my land, but yir welcome.  It’s mighty nice ta meet ya.”  
Jer covered the final few steps between them with his hand outstretched.  Dasen accepted it with his own.  Jer’s rough paw encompassed his and smashed it effortlessly.  Dasen tried to keep the grimace from his face as he pumped the old man’s hand.  “Very nice to meet you, Mr. Muldon,” he said.  “We’re sorry to have trespassed.  As I said. . . .”
“Nonsense!”  Jer released Dasen’s hand and slapped him on the arm hard enough to nearly upend him.  “I’s jist glad ya made it ‘ere.”  He turned to Teth, who was slowly rising.  “An’ this mus’ be Tethina,” he nearly hollered.  He wrapped her in an embrace that brought her fully from her feet, but not before her thumb found Dasen’s ribs.  He yelped, but no one seemed to notice.
“I ain’ seen ya since ya’s this big,” Jer announce when he set Teth down.  “By the Order, ya look just like yir ma.”  He paused seeming to choke on his words, then caught himself.  “May she find peace in the Order and yir pa too.  He’s as good a man as they come, let me tell ya.  I wept like a bee-stung babe when I heard.  One of the worst day of my life that one.”  He shook his head so that Dasen thought the loose skin that encompassed it might come detached.  “But this is a great thing ‘ere.  Joined ta the Ronigan heir.  That’s somethin’ ain’ it?  But why’s ya dressed there like a boy?  And yir hair?  I thought that ya’s a couple a fellas, and ragged lookin’ ones at that.”
Teth opened her mouth to answer, but Dasen beat her to it.  “Do you know about the invasion?  Have you had any trouble with outsiders?”  He hoped that Jer’s jocularity meant he had been untouched, that they were ahead of the invaders.
But the old man’s expression darkened at the question.  His eyes glazed, head hung, smile fell.  Dasen’s hopes fell just as fast.  “That what’s goin’ on?”  Jer spit on the ground, seemed momentarily overcome.  “By the Order that ‘splains a lot, but who’s doin’ the invadin?  Liandria?  The Morgs?  Can’t say it makes much sense.”  
“From across the mountains,” Dasen interjected to keep Teth from interrupting.  She jabbed him again.  He yelped and swatted at her.  
“What’s matter?” Jer asked, looking around with concern.
“Mosquitos,” Dasen answered with a glare at Teth.  She met it with one of her own, only far more fearsome.  “The invaders came from across the mountains.  They’ve captured Randor’s Pass and Potter’ Place at least.  We’ve been on the run and thought it best that Tethina look like this in case they found us.”
“Right smart that is.”  Jer patted Dasen on the back then turned to Teth.  “Ya scared me fir a moment, Tethina.  We’s heard the worst rumors ‘bout ya.  Silly stuff ‘bout the district games an’ such.  I din’ believe a word of it.  I know ya’s had a tough ol’ life, but I knew yir pa’d raised ya ta stick close ta the Order.”  He held her arms in his big hands as if he’d found a long lost daughter.  Teth’s smile was painfully forced, but Jer seemed not to notice.
“Well, we don’t need ta talk ‘ere in the middle the forest like savages.  Ya kids‘re prob’ly wantin’ a wash an’ get some rest after yir ordeal.  An’ Tethina I’m sure we can find ya some proper clothes.  I’m sure them pants is killin’ ya.  Seri and the girls’ll take care of ya when we get back ta the house while Dasen and I figure out what’s been happenin’.  I even managed ta snare a couple of rabbits, so we’ll ‘ave some meat ta fill our mouths an’ keep us from talkin’ too fast.”
Jer walked back into the trees, retrieved a string with three rabbits hanging from it – furry head askew, blood staining their long buck teeth – and led them back through the woods.  They did not go far before stumps began to mark the landscape with regularity.  “The Chancler granted me this land when I retired from the forest masters,” Jer explained as they walked.  He kept Dasen at his side.  Teth walked a few steps behind, puffing angrily with each stride.  “Fir my years of service, an’ such.  We’s in the middle of nowhere.  Takes somethin’ ta haul the trees out, but we’s a good batch a hardwoods.  Not that soft stuff yir pa uses in his mills.  These’re ancients, tall an’ straight with beautiful grain.  Woodworkers’ll pay a price fir ‘em, so makes it worth our while.  Besides, ya never ‘ave ta worry ‘bout runnin’ out of wood fir the fire."  He laughed heartily.  
By the time it had faded, they were stepping into a huge clearing that looked remarkably like the one they had visited the previous night.  The buildings were newer, stood straighter, had not faded wholly to grey, but they were just as empty.  The few animal pens were deserted.  The doors of the barn and shed had been torn from their hinges.  The garden they surrounded was ravaged.  But unlike the previous compound, there were people here.  Three women in long dresses and bonnets looked up from the garden when Jer emerged from the trees.  A boy, not more than five ran from the shed to meet them.  A dog followed the boy then overtook him to bound onto Jer before extending a similar greeting to Dasen and Teth.
“All well, Danny?” Jer asked the boy when he pulled up a few feet from them.  The boy eyed Dasen and Teth suspiciously – a rabbit eying a fox – before Jer remembered himself.  “I almost firgot.  Danny, this ‘ere’s Dasen and Tethina.  I found ‘em in the forest.  They’s good people, lookin’ fir some help.”
“Nice to meet you, Danny,” Dasen held out his hand, but the boy just backed away.
“Sorry ‘bout that,” Jer apologized.  “The attack shook ‘im up somethin’ awful.  Prob’ly be some time ‘fore he’s good ‘round strangers, ya know.”
“I understand,” Dasen assured.  
Jer held the rabbits out to the boy.  “Take these ta yir ma, Danny.  Ask ‘er ta add ‘em ta the pot.”  With another sidelong glance at the new arrivals, he accepted the rabbits, and with some effort, carried them to one of the women who were now approaching.
The first to arrive was a short, plump woman in her middle years.  In appearance, she was as much the opposite of Jer as was possible, but her eyes had the same sparkle, and her round cheeks were split by the same smile.  “I see ya’ brought back more than rabbits,” she said as she approached.  “Who are these fellas then?”
“This ‘ere is Dasen Ronigan,” Jer said.  Seri looked at him twice then gasped slightly when she saw that it was not a joke.  “An’ his wife, Tethina.”
“By the Order,” Seri gasped then stared at Teth with wide eyes.  “I never would have guessed.  I’m sorry, dear.  Ya must have had a terrible trial.  By the Order, those clothes.  And yir hair.  Oh my, it makes me just want ta cry.”  She rushed to Teth, held her in her hands, and inspected her.
“What did you expect?” a younger woman said under her breath.  She was a few years older than Teth and plain.  Her round face was framed by the trim of lace on the bonnet that hid all but a few locks of brown hair.  She stood only slightly taller than Seri but was not nearly so stout.  One of her hands held the rabbits.  The other was wrapped around Danny’s small shoulders.  
“Hold yir tongue, Lu,” Seri snapped.  Her face turned fierce as she scolded the girl then softened for Teth.  “We don’t believe the rumors ‘ere.  Jer knew yir pa.  He assured us it’s all rubbish.  Louisa’s just upset on account of . . . .  Well, we don’t need ta talk about that now.”  Seri cleared her throat and turned to Dasen.  “It’s so nice ta meet ya Lord Ronigan.”  She did an awkward curtsy and signaled the other girls to do the same.  They complied, leaving Dasen feeling more than a little embarrassed.
“Please,” he said, “I am your guest.  If anyone should bow it’s me.”  He looked at each of the women in turn ending on a girl slightly younger than him.  She was small in height and build.  Her head was turned down concealing her features, and she stood several paces back from the others, but the swell of her belly still clear.  The baby was probably due any time.  
“The last one there’s Summer,” Jer said.  “Sorry, but she’s mighty shy.  She’s joined ta my second boy, Kal.  An’ ya met Louisa.  She’s joined ta my first boy, Wil.”
“And where are your sons?” Dasen asked then was horrified to see the cloud that formed over every face.  “I’m . . . I’m sorry,” he started.
“No,” Jer cleared his throat.  “There’s no way fir ya ta know.  Let’s jist not discuss it now, if that’s alright.”
“Of course, please it was not my intent to . . .”
“Seri, could ya take Tethina inta the house an’ find ‘er some clothes?  Maybe Lu has somethin’ she could wear.”  Jer cast Dasen a look that left no doubt about the change of subject.
With that prompting, Seri snapped out of a seeming trance and took charge.  “Of course, come along dear.  We’ll find ya somethin’.”  She herded Teth off toward the house, but not before she managed to jab Dasen’s kidney and hit him with a glare that promised far more abuse to come.  “Lu, get some water on fir our guests then clean those rabbits and get ‘em inta the pot.  Summer, you an’ Danny finish up in the garden.”
“I should check on the baby,” Lu said.  “She’s prob’ly wantin’ ta eat.”
“Well, there’s no reason you can’t do that while yir boilin’ water, is there?” Seri snapped.
“No, but the rabbits . . . .”
“Fine, give ‘em ta Summer.  I swear, the two of you . . . .”
Louisa smiled as she fell in behind Seri and Teth.  As she passed, she handed the rabbits to Summer.  The seemingly reserved girl might have killed her sister-in-law with her eyes, but she accepted the string.
“Women,” Jer said with dismay.  “They’ll fight over whether or not the sun’s comin’ up in the mornin’.  I don’t know how Seri puts up with ‘em.  An’ it won’t be too long befir Kevin’s lookin’ fir one.”  He shook his head but smiled.  “So now that we’s got the girls out of the way, why don’ ya tell me what ya know ‘bout this invasion an’ such.”  
Jer placed an arm around Dasen’s shoulder and led him toward the house.  As they walked, Dasen told their story in as much detail as he thought appropriate, ending with their goal of reaching Wildern so they could tell the Chancellor what they’d seen.  To protect Tethina, he left out her role in their escapes, downplayed the dangers they’d faced, and glossed over their time on the other side of the river.  Jer listened intently with no comment beyond the occasional grunt or nod.  The exception was his mention of the creatures.  At that, the old man squeezed his shoulder.
“I seen ‘em in the sky,” he whispered.  “But don’ say nothin’ ‘bout that ‘round the girls, if’n ya don’ mind.  They’s already seen enough, an’ I don’ want ‘em any more panicked than they’s already.”
“Of course,” Dasen promised.  “But what about you?  What happened here?”
They stood near the barn, fifty paces from the house where the women had disappeared, but Jer watched the structure nervously nonetheless.  He rubbed his weathered head and drew a breath but did not get a chance to speak.
“The water’s hot if ya want to clean up,” Louisa yelled from the porch.  She sat a steaming wooden bowl on a small table then returned with a towel and razor.
“Why don’t ya go ‘head an’ clean up?” Jer suggested.  “It’ll be some time ‘fore dinner.  Our story’ll wait till yir done.”
Dasen nodded, and they walked silently back to the house.  As they approached, he heard Teth’s voice rise from an open side window.  “I’m sorry, but it won’t fit.  My shoulders are just too broad.”
“Now, dear,” Seri responded with a sigh, “let’s try another.  I’m sure we can find something.  Maybe one of Summer’s dresses. . . .”
“She’s smaller than Louisa,” Teth growled.  “This isn’t going to work.”
“So,” Jer pulled Dasen’s attention away, “sounds like Tethina has her own mind, if ya don’ mind me sayin’.”
“You could say that,” Dasen conceded.
“Don’ worry ‘bout it.”  Jer slapped his arm and laughed.  “Seri’s the same way.  It’s good really.  She had those boys under ‘er thumb right from the first.  They couldn’t put a thing past ‘er.  You’ll learn ta appreciate that when ya have yir own kids.”  Dasen could only nod.
“Here ya are,” Jer said as they climbed the stairs to the porch.  “I’ll leave ya to it.”  
Dasen thanked him then pulled off his shirt, scrubbed himself down, shaved his nascent beard, then dried off, put on the clean shirt Seri brought him, and cautiously entered the house.
“Feelin’ better?” Jer asked.
With the sun setting, it was decidedly dark in the house, and it took Dasen a moment to find their host sitting at the end of a long table.  At the other end of the huge main room, Summer was stirring a large pot that hung over a low fire.  She had removed her bonnet, but Dasen could not see anything more than shadows through the strands of brown hair that had escaped the mammoth braid wound on her head.  She stoked her swollen belly and hummed to herself as she stirred.  On the other side of the room, Danny sat on a rug looking at one of the illustrations in a worn copy of The Book of Valatarian.  Squares of colored light – red, blue, green, yellow – stretched across him from the bright panes at the top of a west-facing window.  Finally, in the farthest corner, sitting on a stool, leaning against a wall almost behind a hutch that held painted ceramic plates and mugs, was Louisa.  She held a baby to her and watched it eat.  Dasen diverted his eyes, but not before he saw the white expanse of her bared breast.
“Louisa,” Jer scolded, “do ya have ta do that ‘ere?  Ya have yir own room.”
She looked up surprised, the slightest shade of vitriol crossing her expression, then stood and marched without a word to a room at the back.  
“Sorry ‘bout that,” Jer said.  “That one’s almost more trouble than she’s worth sometimes.”  He shook his head and looked toward Danny.  “Makes ‘er some good kids though and not a hitch with either one.  Summer, now, she’s a sweet girl but so small, an’ Kal’s the biggest of the boys.  I worry ‘bout ‘er when the baby comes.  Course, Seri knows what she’s doin’.”
Just then Teth walked in through a door in the back of the house carrying a wooden bowl.  Her face and hair were still damp, skin pink from scrubbing.  She still wore her men’s clothes, though the shirt was new, probably donated by Jer’s youngest son.  
She waited a second for her eyes to adjust then scowled at Dasen as she approached the table.  Dasen rose and met her before she reached the bench where she had surely intended to sit next to Jer.  “Tethina,” he greeted, “you look refreshed.  I am sorry that Seri was unable to find you a dress.”  Teth almost growled, but Dasen wasn’t taking it.  They weren’t in the forest any longer.  He was not going to let her ruin the Muldon’s hospitality.  “I am sure Summer could use a hand with dinner.  Or I believe there was work to be done in the garden.  I am speaking with Jer right now.  I will have time for you later.”
Teth looked at him as if she’d been slapped.  Her eyes went wide, mouth hung open, nostrils flared.  Her muscles tensed so that they were almost shaking.  But Dasen did not give in.  “Go along now.  Perhaps Summer can give you some advice on carrying a baby.”  He did not stay to see the expression that the final comment earned him, but he could almost feel her hatred like heat from a fire as he turned.  He took a deep breath and steeled himself.  He had always known this would be difficult, but it would only be made worse by waiting.
Jer just smiled as Dasen returned to his seat.  “Don’ be too tough with ‘er,” he suggested.  “She’s had a hard life, that one.  Never had no one but that aunt ta show ‘er what’s right.”
Dasen nodded but felt Teth’s eyes boring into him from where she sat with Summer by the fire.  The girl was prattling on about the baby she carried, asking Teth to feel it kick.  Teth barely seemed to notice for the venom she projected at her husband.  “So what happened here?” Dasen finally asked, wanting desperately to change the subject.
Jer took a deep breath and scanned the room.  Just then Seri entered and walked over to them.  “Do you need anything?  I’m sorry we don’t have tea.  Some water, maybe?”
“We’s alright, mother,” Jer told her.  “I’s just goin’ ta talk with Dasen fir a bit.  Let us know when the stew’s ready.”
In way of answer, Seri rubbed Jer’s shoulders then bent and kissed the top of his bald head.  He looked up at her with affection.  A tear escaped her eye and rolled down her round cheek.  
“None of that now, Mother,” Jer said gently.  “We’ll be alright.  Don’ ya worry.  Now run along an’ let me talk ta Dasen ‘ere.”  Seri nodded and brushed the tear away as she went to join Teth and Summer near the fire.  To Dasen’s relief, Teth had stopped trying to kill him with her eyes.  Her hand actually rested on Summer’s belly, a look of shock spread across her face.
“It’s just like ya said.”  Jer’s low voice pulled Dasen from the scene.  “They’s big men with big horses.  Big as Morgs I s’pose, though I ain’t seem many of them.  There’s about a dozen of ‘em.  They came ridin’ up our little road yesterday right about this time of day.  I’s jist comin’ back with the boys.  We’d been planning out the next tree we’s gonna take when all a sudden there’s men everywhere, yellin’ in some language I never heard.  I don’t even right know what happened.  One of ‘em hit me and everythin’ went black.”  He rubbed a purple lump on the side of his head for emphasis.  
“When I woke up, Seri’s holdin’ me, and the invaders, as you called ‘em, are driving out of ‘ere with everything we have an’ using my own wagon ta do it.”  Jer paused and took a deep shaking breath.  “Worst part is they done took my boys.  Tied ‘em up and led ‘em out behind the wagon jist like the sheep an’ pigs.”  Jer’s voice broke as he struggled with the memory.  “I wanted ta fight then, ta git my boys, but mother stopped me.  Prob’ly good too cause I think they’d killed me, and then there’d be no one left ta look after the girls.”  
Jer’s eyes remained fixed on the table a short way in front of him, but Dasen was certain that he did not see the worn planks.  Dasen did not think that a man who looked as hard as Jer should be capable of weeping.  It simply did not appear that his face would allow it, but he was close.  He finally wiped the emotions away with a cloth that he produced from his pocket.  “At least they didn’ hurt the girls none,” he forced a smile.  “Men like that, they could of done a lot worse, I thank the Order fir that anyway.”
“And you haven’t seen them again?” Dasen asked.
Jer shook his head.  “I kept an eye out all mornin’.  Had the girls ready ta hide in the cellar – the bastards never did find that – had my bow ready, but they never showed again.  Finally, I went ta check the snares.  That’s when I found y’all.”
“But you saw creatures?  In the sky?”  Dasen tried to lower his voice, but Jer still scanned the room to be sure no one had heard.
“This mornin’,” he whispered.  “They’s far off, but I’s always had good eyes, an’ I could see they wasn’t nothing normal.  Matches what you seen, I suppose.”
Dasen nodded and thought.  Are they still looking for us?  “But no creatures on foot?  Just the men on horses?”
“That’s right an’ lucky ‘nough from what ya said.”
There was a pause as both of them seemed to run out of things to say.  They stared at the table for a while then Dasen’s eyes drifted to Teth.  She was holding a bowl as Seri filled it with stew.  The two of them talked.  It looked almost as if she were enjoying herself.  Dasen felt his heart leap at the thought.  Is it working already?
“So,” Jer interrupted, “you think they’re from o’er the mountains?  Ya think they’re the Exiles er some such?”  He tried to make the last a joke, but the intensity of his eyes revealed the lie of it.
“I definitely think they’re from across the mountains,” Dasen said, voice cast low.  “As for Exiles . . ., I don’t know.  I . . . .”
“Time ta stop¸ you two,” Seri scolded.  “Dinners ready, an’ the way yir talkin’ I’m beginnin’ ta think yir plannin’ somethin’.”
Jer snapped his eyes from the table.  The sadness and stress of a moment before melted away, replaced by his warm smile.  “Right ya are, Mother.  We’s getting’ too serious.  We need somethin’ ta fill our mouths ‘fore they get us in trouble.  Ain’t that right, Dasen?”
“Surely.  May I help get the food on?”
Seri laughed.  “You’re a dear.  Thank ya fir the offer, but we can manage.”  With that she turned and asked Summer to get Louisa.  Finally, she nudged Jer.  “Did ya tell ‘im?”
Jer looked surprised then grabbed Dasen’s arm and spoke low while Seri filled cups with water.  “I can understand why yir goin’ ta Wildern, an’ that’s a brave thing yir doin’, but there’s no reason ta subject poor Tethina ta all this.  She’s more’n welcome ta stay with us.  We’ll look after ‘er fir ya, an’ when all this is over, ya can send fir ‘er.  I’m not tellin’ ya how ta keep yir wife, now, but women ain’t as tough as us men.  Yir obviously plenty cap’ble given what ya’ve done thus far, but it’s gonna be a dangerous trip, an’ ya might not be able ta look after ‘er like ya’d want.  That’s all I’m sayin’.”
Teth practically threw a bowl of stew at Dasen.  Her face twisted up like she’d just eaten a bad piece of fruit.  Obviously, she’d heard Jer.  Dasen could only hope that she would not decide to make a point of the lies inherent in what their host had just said.  He tried to make his face stern, but his eyes ended up pleading instead.  After what seemed a long time, she growled, low in her chest and went to get more bowls.  

#

Dasen spent the rest of the evening in a state of dreadful bewilderment.  It started with dinner, a delicious rabbit stew that eventually filled his impossibly empty stomach.  He sat with Jer at one end of the table.  Teth was surrounded by the women and children at the other.  Open seats separated them where Jer’s sons would have been.  Jer said a simple prayer, then they ate.  As was proper, there was little interaction between the men and women.  Dasen and Jer spoke about less weighty subjects: his studies, his father’s business, the basic economics of a freeholder.  Teth was similarly swamped with questions about her joining ceremony and time in the wilderness.  To Dasen’s bewilderment, she answered the questions enthusiastically and upheld his version of events, giving him, if anything, too much credit for what they had done.  To his dread, she did it with a knowing smirk, and when she looked at him it was with a dreamy-eyed affection that could only be meant as sarcastic.
The charade continued though the evening.  After their meal, Dasen and Jer retired to the porch while the women cleaned up.  Teth joined the cleaning without reservation, and when the men returned, she was sitting with the other women by the fire reading The Book of Valatarian out loud – a treat for the, likely illiterate, women.  Much to Danny’s delight and Dasen’s dread, she had chosen an early section describing the war on chaos that eventually saw the defeat and exile of the Lawbreakers.  Jer’s expression turned sour when he heard what they were reading, but he said nothing.
Rather, he suggested that Dasen help him secure the compound for the night.  They wandered through the starless darkness with only two small candles, latching doors and checking empty stalls as if they still held their residents.  When they returned, the women were combing out their braids in preparation for bed.  Louisa was feeding the baby again as Summer brushed her hair in long strokes that reached nearly to the floor where they sat.  Seri lamented vociferously over the loss of Teth’s hair as she combed it.  Teth said nothing.  
“I s’pose it’s that time,” Jer said with a yawn.  “Been a long day fir everyone, an’ sun’ll be up early tomorrow.  Seri, where’s these kids sleepin’?”  For some reason, the question sent a wave of dread through Dasen.  It was doubled by the way Teth batted her eyelashes at him in response.  She is planning something, and I’m pretty sure I’m not going to like it. 
“They’re up in Kal an’ Summer’s room,” Seri answered with a knowing edge.  She whispered in Teth’s ear.  They both looked at Dasen meaningfully.  Teth blushed, blood rising to her cheeks and up her long neck.  “Summer’ll sleep with Lu.”
“Very well,” Jer approved.  “I’m off then.  Ya’ll have a good sleep.  May the Order protect ya an’ bring ya good dreams.”  He yawned again then strode through a door across from the dinner table.  
Louisa and Summer shared conspiratorial looks and giggled back and forth while glancing up at Dasen.  He could not imagine what Teth had told them.  Seri saved him.  “Well, I can’t do anything more with this,” she declared and put down the brush.  “I’ll show ya where yir sleeping.  I’m sure yir desperate fir a real bed.”  The last was said too knowingly, and Dasen could not help but blush.  That morning Seri couldn’t have been more correct.  Now, he could only imagine what would happen when Teth had him alone.  
With that in mind, he prepared himself, mentally reinforced his conviction that Teth be brought back to the Order.  Teth grabbing his hand left those thoughts in a jumble.  She rubbed his back, put her head on his shoulder, then nearly pulled him along behind Seri as she climbed the stairs.  
At the top of the stairs, Seri led them to a small room at the back of the house.  Inside was a single, small, sturdy bed, a small table, a large wardrobe, and a crib.  All four items were crudely made but painstakingly sanded and lacquered so that they glowed in the light of the small candle Seri carried.  The smell of the cedar permeated the room to dispel any doubt about the furniture’s origin.  “Kal’s got a talent with wood,” Seri said.  “Made all this himself.  Gave the wardrobe ta Summer as a joinin’ present.”
“It’s lovely,” Dasen replied.  “Thank you so much for your hospitality.  It has really meant a lot to us, and I promise we will never forget it.”
Seri smiled brightly and patted him on the arm.  "It’s nothing.  We’re happy ta help nice kids like you."  She motioned Dasen into the room and pulled Teth down the hall.  She whispered intently in Teth’s ear for several long seconds.  As she spoke, red streaks crept up Teth’s neck to light her cheeks, forehead, and even nose.  Her bottom lip crept under her teeth, her nostrils flared, and her eyes darted.  Dasen could only stand in the doorway and wonder until Seri gave Teth a small hug and nearly pushed her toward the room.  When she was inside, Dasen waved goodnight and closed the door behind them.  
He took a deep breath.  He was not sure what Teth had planned for him, but he steeled himself for a fight.  He built his defenses, reminded himself of all the reasons he was right, of all the scripture he had read, of all the Order-defined laws he was upholding.  He balled his fists, crumpled his brow, locked his jaw, and turned.
Teth was topless.  She stood before the bed naked from the waist up.  Her breasts looked larger than he would have guessed, lying firm and round from her chest.  They were impossibly white, reflecting the light of the candle, beacons in the darkness of the room.  Round, red nipples stood from the white, pointing accusingly at his guilty eyes.  Below her breast, past the firm, flat stomach, she was just unfastening her pants.
Dasen’s jaw hung open, eyes about to pop from his skull, heart hammering, mind swooning.  “What . . . what . . . what are you . . . ?” he stammered, surprised that he was even capable of speech.  That morning he had been sure this was where things were going, but he was just as sure that the afternoon and evening had dashed any chance.  Now he was not sure what to think.  Lost, his eyes rose to Teth’s.  Her face showed none of the promise that her body suggested.  She looked at him with disappointment, sadness, heartbreak.  He had expected anger, vitriol, wrath, had prepared himself for that.  This was a thousand times worse.
It must have shown in his face, because Teth stopped just short of pulling down her pants.  “Isn’t this what you wanted?” she asked quietly.  “A proper wife to cook your meals and carry your babies?  A proper wife to please you in your bed, to do as you wish without regard for herself?  Well here I am.  If you’re such a man, come and take me.  My body is promised to you, is your property under the Order, so take what is yours.  Summer and Louisa told me not to expect much: a little pain, some grunting, and a swollen belly nine months later.  So come here and do it.  I will be exactly what you want me to be.  I will stay here with them, be a proper, humble little wife.  And you can be the great hero.  You can go to Wildern and save us all from the invaders.  But before you go, you should at least lay claim to your property.  So let’s have it!”  With that, she threw down her pants, revealing the expanse of her chiseled, white legs and everything that lay between.
Dasen was so shocked by the display, by the words, that he could only stare.  He had never seen a girl naked.  Certainly, Rynn had shared his surprising wealth of knowledge – whether he had wanted it or not – so there were no surprises.  But to actually see a woman naked and for that woman to be Teth, left him overwhelmed.  His mind had shut down entirely.  He could not move let alone think of anything to say or do.  
“So what will it be?” Teth hissed.  “Do you want me to lie down?  You do know how this works, don’t you?”  She tried to be harsh, but the words were barely coming for the breaks in her voice.  Her hand rose and wiped angrily at her cheek.  Her arms crossed reflexively in front of her, her legs pressed together.  She shook.  Her nose and eyes were bright red, tears coursed down her cheeks.
She wiped the tears away again.  “What?  Louisa told me she cried her first night with Wil.  I think it is quite common, but we’re just women.  The Order. . . .”  She could not finish.  Her face fell to her hands.  Her body closed even further, if that was possible.
“Stop,” Dasen begged.  “Please, Teth, put on your clothes.  I don’t . . . I don’t want you like this.  I . . . I could never. . . .”
“Could never what?” Teth spat.  Her face flew from her hands.  Her bloodshot eyes were piercing.
“Could never force you to do this.  I would never want to hurt you that way.”
“But you’d force me to cook your meals, to wear dresses, to sit by the fire, to stay away from the forest, to deny how I’ve saved your worthless life.  How is it any different?  This is just my body.  The other things are who I am.  In comparison to that, this is nothing.”
“Is that what this is about?” Dasen asked.  He was gaining his balance, finally saw what she was trying to do, and did not like it.  He felt his shock being replaced with anger.  Suddenly, he no longer saw the naked body before him.  He saw Teth, acting like a child.
“What else could it be about?” she responded, anger driving away her tears.
“That’s different.  That’s just the way things are.  That’s what women do.”
“And this is what women do to.  They lay down so their husbands can use their bodies.  How is this any different than all the other demeaning ways you treated me today?”
“It just is,” Dasen was exasperated.  Why couldn’t she see that he was just following the Order, was only doing what was right and proper?  What else could she possibly expect?  “You are being ridiculous.”
“Ridiculous?  I’ll tell you what’s ridiculous.  You telling Jer that you led us through the forest, that you protected us, hunted our meals, evaded the creatures.  Now that is ridiculous.  So if you can steal that from me, how is this any different?”
Dasen shook his head in frustration.  “Are you kidding?  I was trying to protect you.”
“Protect me?” Teth laughed, a cruel, near-mad cackle.  “Protect me from what?”
“From yourself!” Dasen barely kept himself from shouting.  “How do you think they would have treated you if they knew what you had done?  They’d have treated you like a freak, an outcast.  They might not have even let us stay.  You have to understand.  That is how the world works.  The rules exist for a reason.  They are defined by the Order.  When you oppose them, you create chaos.  You are going to have to accept that, or it will be like Randor’s Pass all over again.  Did you like having everyone hate you?  Did you like not having any friends?  Did you like tearing that village apart?  Because that’s what it will be like.  No matter where we go you will create chaos, division, pain, hatred just like you did in Randor’s Pass.  Now you may be alright with that, but I’m not.”  Dasen had his footing now, was sure that he was right, and refused to give in as his father and Milne had so many years before.  
The words hit Teth like blows.  She reeled like a fighter nearing his end, looked away, chest shaking, nearly overcome.  Dasen thought he had won, but there was no thrill of victory, he reached out his hands to comfort his defeated opponent.  
“You’re a fucking coward,” she spat.  Her head snapped up.  She looked him straight in the eye, her expression purest loathing.  It set Dasen back more than words could ever manage, but she did not stop there.  “I can’t believe I ever thought you could be different, that you might understand, that you might have the courage to accept me as I am, that you could love me, that I could love you.”  
She paused, looked away and snuffled.  “I’m sick of this.  You’re not even worth the fight.  I thought you were better than the boys in Randor’s Pass because you let me protect you, let me guide you, let me hunt for you.  But you are worse.  You are a weakling and a coward.  You’re not a man.  You are nothing.  I wouldn’t let you have me now even if you tried.  I’m putting my clothes back on and going to sleep.  But this lie is going to end.  You can’t have it both ways.  If you want a proper wife, that’s what you’ll get.  Just let me know when you decide to be a proper man.”  With that, she reached down and pulled up the cotton shorts she wore under her pants.  She replaced her shirt a moment later and climbed into the bed without so much as a glance toward him.
Dasen was in shock, could not understand what had just happened, could not grasp the depth of her anger, the fury of her word, the hatred she felt.  He stammered for a long time, but Teth just ignored him.  She covered herself and turned to the wall as if he no longer existed, fought to constrain the sobs that shook her.  And he could not think of a single thing to say that would change any of it.  
So with a great sigh, he did the only thing he could.  He sat on a stool in the corner of the room and pulled off his boots.  As the second one was sliding off, something soft hit him in the back of the head.  He turned to see a pillow falling to the floor.  One of the bed’s two blankets followed.  “You sleep on the floor,” Teth commanded though she barely managed the words.  Dasen was too overwhelmed to argue.  
He spread out the blanket, doubled it back over himself, and tried to find a comfortable position on the hard wooden planks.  But there were no comfortable positions.  He tried to understand what Teth had said, tried to understand where it had all gone wrong and what he could do to fix it.  Somehow, he knew that Teth was right, that he was a coward, but it was more than that.  He felt that he had failed, but he could not understand how or where.  He had done everything he was supposed to do, had acted according to the Order.  He should not be the one who felt guilty, but that did not stop the stabbing pain that each of the barely contained sobs from above sent through him.



Chapter 28


Dasen felt like he had only been asleep for a few seconds when a light rap on the door woke him.  He roused slowly to the first rays of the sun peeking into the room.  Aching for sleep, he considered ignoring the disturbance, but there was another knock, and his mind finally comprehended the significance of that sound.  
Dasen leapt to his feet – the Muldons could not discover that he had slept on the floor.  He threw his blanket to the side of the bed and placed his pillow next to Teth.  
There was another knock, this one more insistent.  He moved to answer it then realized that he was still fully dressed.  Still moving to the door, he pulled off his socks, adjusted his pants to make them appear as if he had just pulled them on, and undid the final button on his shirt as he cracked the door.  
Seri was waiting outside.  She was wearing a long nightdress with frills of lace at the neck and cuff – Dasen wondered how she could sleep through the summer’s heat in such a creation.  Her hair, dark brown marked with wisps of gray, was done in a long braid that hung down over her shoulder, and her soft-brown eyes were alive with the light of the morning.  Dasen tried to look as if he had just dragged himself out of bed.  He rubbed his eyes more for effect than to eliminate any remnant bleariness.  When he had removed his fists from his eyes, Seri looked past him at Teth still sleeping then smiled at him knowingly.  He returned the smile with as much enthusiasm as he could muster.  Seeing his smile, Seri's grew broader, knocking years off of her face and lighting it with a girlish whimsy. 
"I’ve gotten a bit tagether fir breakfast,” she said in little more than a whisper.  “I know it’s still early, but Jer’s decided ta head inta town an’ wanted ta talk ta ya before he goes.  If ya’d like, ya can leave Tethina ‘ere.  I suspect she didn’t get as much sleep as she might’ve liked."  Seri gave him another of the knowing smiles and a wink that set him back.  It was all he could do to keep from blushing.  
From the look in Seri's eyes, he had not even succeeded at that, but he responded as if the silent exchange had never taken place.  "That sounds fine.  The past few days have been hard, and I am sure that Tethina would appreciate the sleep.”  Seri just smiled again and started down the stairs toward the kitchen.  
Dasen reversed the dance he had just performed: buttoned his shirt, tucked it into his pants, recovered his socks, and followed them with his boots.  As he dressed, he struggled with the dilemma of whether or not to wake Teth.  He knew she’d be mad if he did, but the way she’d acted last night, he wasn’t sure he wanted her there when he talked with Jer.  There was no telling what she would do.  Besides, she had said that he was supposed to act more like a man.  
In the end, he decided he just wasn’t ready to face her accusations, so he left her to sleep.  With a long glance back at her motionless shape, he walked out the door and closed it as quietly as he could behind him. 

#

Teth shuffled down the stairs of the Muldon house in a half-daze.  The sound of boots on the stairs had disrupted her from the deepest sleep she remembered having in a long time, and she was still not quite awake.  She had almost rolled back over in search of further sleep, but the sound that had roused her could only have been Dasen, and, despite what she had said last night, she had no intention of letting him leave without her.  
Last night, she had strongly considered it, had thought about letting him go, had fantasized about finding him lost, hungry, and begging to make things right.  But the truth was she probably never would have seen him again.  He wouldn’t last a day in the forest without her, and as bad as he was, he had at least shown that he cared for her, that he would not take advantage of her.  
As she had thought on it in the long hours it took her to sleep, she had decided he was exactly what she had said, a coward.  He was afraid of what people thought, more concerned about that than he was about her.  But there were a lot worse things he could be.  He could be cruel, domineering, arrogant.  He could have hit her, raped her, left her for dead.  But he hadn’t.  He had been caring, kind, and he had been brave.  Certainly he was capable of courage, had shown it time and again since they were joined.  She just had to convince him that she was worth the fight, that saving her from being drowned by society was as important as saving her from drowning in a river.
So it was that she had made a plan.  Long after Dasen had fallen asleep, after her foolish tears had stopped, she had come up with a plan to show him that she was worth his bravery.  She would show him the forces that had shaped her, show him that they were not the passing interests of a child.  He would have to see why the person she was could not be undone, could not be reshaped to his whims, could not ever be the woman he expected.  And hardest of all, she would have to show him that she was worth loving, was worth fighting for.  It would be a long, hard march for both of them, but she could see no other way.
Another yawn racked her as she trudged down the stairs.  She did not hurry.  She knew that Dasen could not be far ahead and mostly wanted to make sure he was not actually stupid enough to leave without her – who knows how much trouble he would get into before I could sneak away and track him down.  
At the bottom of the stairs, she heard voices.  Dasen and Jer were speaking, but the table was on the far side of the room and their conversation was too faint to understand.  She stood for a long moment trying to decipher their words but could not make out a thing.  She prepared herself for what she needed to do, rehearsed the speech she had planned the night before, forced herself to lower her shoulders, to look smaller and weaker, demure and lost.  Finally, she turned the corner into the room.  
Dasen and Jer were sitting at the table while Seri crouched near the fire.  None of them saw her, and she caught a snippet of what Jer was saying.  “It’s no journey fir a woman.  If’n ya want, ya can leave now, an’ we’ll . . .”
“Jer, hush!” Seri whispered when she saw Teth.  To cover the conspiracy, she continued, “Tethina, it’s good ta see ya up.  Did ya sleep well?  Perhaps ya could help me.  I need some potatoes from the vegetable cellar over the hill behind the house.  Those men didn’t . . . .”
Teth did not respond, her face fell into her hand, and she started to sob.  “You can’t, Dasen.  Please . .  . by the Order, I can’t survive without you.  Please, don’t leave without me.”  Dasen’s look of terror turned to disbelief, his jaw nearly resting on the table.  
“I know that I’m a terrible burden on you,” Teth continued after a moment to contain her histrionics.  She went to the table, grabbed Dasen’s arm, and pleaded, “I know that it would be safer for both of us, if I stay here, but I can’t bear to let you go and live with the worry of never seeing you again.  Less than a week ago, I pledged that I would stand with you no matter how hard our lives are, and I intend to keep that promise.  I know I don’t do much, but at least I can dig roots at the end of the day and cook a meal.”  She paused and stared into his eyes.  “If you ask me to stay,” a loud snuffle, “I will live up to my vow and obey, but I tell you, it will break my heart.”  She clutched his hand as if she would have to be pried away.  
Dasen was too surprised to respond, though she saw realization beginning to bloom.  She looked timidly away to keep her eyes from giving her away.  A second later, Seri was at her side.  Teth buried her face in the small woman’s bountiful chest and wept loudly.  She could almost feel the matron’s eyes boring into Dasen from above. 
“That’s a mighty fine wife there,” Jer said.  “We’d be happy ta have ‘er ‘ere, but I think ya’d be missin’ ‘er.  Ya know, sometimes we’s need somethin’ ta protect ta keep our bravery up, ta keep us goin’ when the times is hard.  I’m not tellin’ ya what ta do, but Tethina ‘ere might give ya that strength when yir a needin’ it.”
Dasen sighed, long and deep.  “Of couse, you can come,” he said, voice dripping with mock sympathy.  “You know I could never do it without you.  Now please stop with this crying and have some breakfast.” 

#

They said goodbye to Jer where the road met a hunting trail that would take them north and east.  Despite their repeated warnings, he insisted on going into Potter’s Place to find out what happened to his boys.  He wished them the best, gave Teth a warm hug, shook hands with Dasen, and continued down the main road armed with nothing more than a thick stave that he used as a walking stick.  Teth said a silent prayer as he disappeared from view.  She held little hope that her prayer would be answered, but she asked, nonetheless, that he find his boys and bring them home.
Following through with his position as the man, Dasen led the way down the narrow path.  He carried a pack that Jer had given them crammed full of as many things as Teth could fit into it, including a new water bag, vegetables, a small pan that Seri had been able to spare, and a few other essentials.  He also carried the bow and the quiver of arrows – now full from a stock Jer maintained at a hunting shelter in the forest – along with the silly pitchfork walking stick that he refused to give up.  
Jer had also given them a hand-drawn map of the forests through which they tramped.  He had been a forest master for twenty years and claimed to know the forests well.  As such, he had suggested that they head toward Thoren rather than Wildern.  It was far closer, and they could approach it through the empty forests to the north with far less chance of meeting the invaders.  Dasen had agreed, assuming the invaders were less likely to attack the smaller city and that word could easily be sent down the Orm River.  As was proper, Teth had listened from the other side of the room where she prepared the pack for their trip.  Now Dasen held the map sideways, unable to make head or tails of Jer’s sketches.
“Can we stop this now?” he asked.
“Stop what?” Teth returned with innocence.
“We both know that I should not be leading or carrying this bow.”
“What do you mean?  You’re the man.  I’m just a woman.  I couldn’t possibly lead us through the forest or shoot a bow.  The Order has dictated that I am only capable of cooking, cleaning, caring for babies.  I wouldn’t want us to descend into chaos, after all.”
“Teth, you know that’s ridiculous.  I meant when we get to the city.  I mean. . . .”
“You mean it’s okay for me to be who I am as long as there aren’t people around.”  Her anger rose, burning through the humble façade she was trying to maintain.  “You mean it is alright for me to do all these things as long as no one else sees it, as long as I turn back into your proper little wife when there are people who might object.”
“It’s not that simple.  These are special circumstances.  You need to do those things so we can survive.  In the city, around other people, you don’t need to be that way.” 
“My whole life has been ‘special circumstances.’  ‘That way’ is the way I am.  It is the only way I know to be.  And you don’t get to have it both ways.  I’m not a candle that you can light when you need to see.  If you think it is so easy for me to be the woman you want, then it should be just as easy for you to be the man I want.  Isn’t that what your precious Order dictates?  So I will be a proper wife, and you can be a proper husband.  So lead on my valiant protector.  Lead on.”
Apparently that was enough for Dasen.  He turned on his heel and stomped down the path without a word.  Teth followed.  Surprisingly, she felt no satisfaction from the tirade.  I have to show him who I am and why that person is important, but he still has to like that person in the end, she reminded herself.  And even worse than that, she felt literally naked without her bow.



Chapter 29


On the other side of a continent, across rivers flowing inexhaustibly toward their destined meeting with the seas, beyond fields ripe with crops, over mountains jagged and snowcapped, and through moon-shaded cities momentarily giving their problems over to sleep lay Jaret Rammeriz.  He was broken, battered, and barely sane, but against all logic, hope, and mercy, he was alive.
When he had crashed into the wall of the imperial throne room, his last thought had been that he was going to die.  In that moment of pain and terror, he had welcomed that escape.  The ability to leave the troubled world and return to the purifying light of order had seemed a blessing, and he had embraced the pain that he knew would lead the way to death’s consolation.  
But death had not come.  Instead, he found himself locked in a stark cell drifting in and out of dreams and half-dreams so horrible that he wondered if he had been cast into the storms of chaos rather than welcomed into the serenity of order.  He lost track of how many times he had awaken, or if he ever had, given that the images from his dreams never really left.  He remembered seeing the blank walls of his cell, the light moving across the stone floor, the stout wooden door that constrained him, but those realities were marred by terrible spectral shapes that crept about the room, taunting him and poking at him with their talons.  To expel those horrors, he presses his eyes shut and fell back into dreams where the specters were not so easily dismissed.  
Finally, one morning – at least it felt like morning – he woke without the half-dream daze obscuring his vision, woke and actually felt awake.  Despite having control of his consciousness, all he managed to do was stare at the dreary cell walls and wonder how he could not be dead.  The memory of what he had seen haunted him more thoroughly than his dreams ever could, and when he realized that this was not another dream, that this was reality, he wept for the first time in more than twenty years.  He wept into the rough straw mattress beneath him until he returned to the nightmarish sleep that was now a solace.  
A loud clank of metal on metal followed by the scrape of wood on stone and another authoritative clank pulled Jaret from that troubled sleep.  Recognizing the sound that had summoned him, he scanned the room for visitors, but the room was empty, stark walls bare.  He thought the sound must have been someone entering the cell, but another look revealed only a crust of hard bread and a small cup of water at the bottom of the door.  
Jaret moaned as his body reminded him of the punishment it had received.  Every corner of it ached.  His arms and legs tingled with pins and needles.  His head pounded.  And his ribs erupted into searing pain with every breath.  He was as debilitated as he remembered his generously scarred body ever being until even his well-earned resistance to pain could barely withstand the collection of miseries.  
Despite those afflictions, it was the ache for water that shone the brightest.  Jaret felt like he had not had a drop of it in a year, and he continued staring at the small cup an impossible ten feet away until the need was so great that he would suffer anything to fulfill it.  Thus it was that without any idea how he would accomplish it, he started the impossible journey to that precious tin cup.  

#

After what felt like hours, Jaret was covetously enjoying the fruit of his labors.  He forced himself to sip the water so that it would last, then when his mouth was wetted, he tore off a chunk of the bread, dipped it in the water, and slowly chewed the moisture from it.  He finished the water and bread that way but took his time and relished each bite, knowing that they may be his last for some time.  
When the food was finished, he stared at the bleak walls around him and the flickering blur of light that made it through the tiny slit of a window in the door, wondering what to do next.  Over the course of his trip to the water, he had worked some life back into his arms and legs, but they were still weak and tingling as if half-asleep.  His ribs erupted with each ragged breath, and his head was pounding.  He braced his arms against his sides and took a deep breath.  Squinting against the pain, he ran his fingers along his ribs and found that five were cracked.  It was bad, but he’d had worse. 
He had been stripped of his jacket, shirt, and vest, had been left with only his undershirt.  He unlaced it and pulled it over his head.  The thick black and gray hair that covered his chest stood out over the well-defined form – it was cool in the cell, he realized and suppressed a shiver.  He pulled the lace out of his shirt and set it aside.  With much effort, he reached his feet and pulled off his long hard-leather boots.  The act left him panting, and it was several minute before he could again rise to sitting.  
He marveled that he still had his boots, that such luxuries had not been taken.  Then he reached into the right boot and was astonished to find the small knife still tucked into the sheath deep inside.  Holding the short, stout blade to the sparse light, watching it dance off its point, sent him into deliriums of joy.  So, he thought, the Order still has a part left for me to play.  There is a reason that I am not dead.  
Thanking that divine power, he propped himself against the near wall, pulled the boots to him, and went to work.

#

Some time later, Jaret was back on the straw mattress that covered his small wooden bed.  He was feeling much improved.  He had nearly recovered the full use of his arm and legs.  The pounding in his head had faded to a steady ache that was so regular that it was almost unnoticed.  And thanks to the boots, he could breathe without debilitating pain.  Using his small knife, he had cut the tops off of the tall boots, slit those tubes down the center, and used the lacing from his shirt to construct a crude brace.  That brace cut his breaths short, making him breathe at a near pant, but it also protected his broken ribs and made the injury bearable.  
Though he felt better, he tried to look as helpless as possible.  He was certain that Nabim would come to see him.  That petty man would not miss his chance to gloat, and when he arrived, Jaret would be waiting.  He clutched the knife at his side, hidden beneath the thin blanket that covered him.  The act would certainly end in his death, but his life was already forfeit.  His only possible remaining purpose was to save his beloved nation from the scourge of Emperor Nabim and, the Order willing, his black-robed henchman.
The thought of the strange man sent a painful shiver down Jaret’s spine.  To this point, he had tried to think about what had happened in the throne room as little as possible.  He was not certain that his sanity could take the battle that was required to explain the utterly inexplicable power he had witnessed.  He knew the old verses from The Book of Valatarian that counselors used to frighten children, the verses about the Lawbreakers and the horrible creatures that were cast out of the world by Valatarian.  Of everything he had heard and read, those legends came closest to describing what he had seen, but even the most stalwart counselors were quick to point out that such verses were metaphors, that no one could actually break the Order's omnipotent laws.  
“The world was created first by Order,” The Book of Valatarian said.  “It is the core, the basis for all.  Nothing can exist without a reason, without a place in the Order.”
Despite what those passages said – and Jaret could think of countless others – he could not dispute what he had seen, what he had felt.  The power of that small man had been no illusion or trick.  Nabim an’ Pmalatir – az’ Pmalatir by now, Jaret thought – had found a man who could circumvent the Holy Order, who could break its unbreakable laws.  The thought was unimaginable.  It shook the very core of everything that Jaret had been taught, of everything he believed.

#

Days passed.  Jaret remained in his bleak cell with nary a visitor.  The only indication that he had not been forgotten was the plate of bread and water that was shoved through the slot in the bottom of his door twice a day.  Nabim had not come to taunt him, no guards came to check on him, and none of his men had arrived to free him.  He was alone with his thoughts and the small grey mouse that shared his cell.  He had put countless hours into reconciling what he had seen in the throne room with what he had been told his entire life but was no closer to answering those questions than he was to securing his revenge – the Order was silent on both counts.
He could not know how long he waited, clutching his knife, desperate to absolve his unintended betrayal.  He spent the time recovering from his injuries and forcing himself through awkward exercises to maintain his strength – it would do no good for the Order to present him with an opportunity if he did not have the strength to act upon it.  Still, his arms and legs never recovered – they still tingled as if lacking blood – and his ribs wailed at even the slightest strain.  Those, however, were not annoyances that could stop him when his time came, so he did not concern himself with them – he had accepted his death long ago; pain was trivial.
Then one morning – at least it felt like morning – Jaret was roused by a new sound issuing from his door, the sound of a bolt being pushed back from its housing.  It was followed by the screech of rusty hinges as the door swung open.  He woke instantly but pretended to be asleep as he slipped his hand to the slit in the side of his mattress where his knife was hidden.  His muscles tensed in anticipation of what had to be done.
“Ee’s banged up purdy good.”  The voice was a slow rumble; the speaker sounded like his mouth was full of marbles.  “Lil’ rat shouldn’t give us much truble.”  
Jaret’s heart sank.  It was only guards.  Nabim was not with them – they would not talk like that if they had the Emperor in their midst.  His hand moved away from the knife, but he considered his options and decided that this opportunity might be as important as if Nabim had arrived alone.  The guards were already underestimating him.  If he could get past them, he might have a chance to escape.  
He waited.  The guards were taking their time.  He heard the rattle of chains.  They had not bothered to untangle them before they stepped into the cell.  It was all the distraction Jaret needed.  
He lunged from his bed, forcing himself to ignore the screaming from his ribs.  His blanket came up with him, spinning through the air into the faces of the guards.  Jaret followed.  He aimed his shoulder at the nearest guard hoping to knock him into his companion and immobilize them both.  
His shoulder struck the stomach of the guard, but the big man did not even quiver.  It was as if he had hit a tree.  Jaret’s ribs were not nearly so strong.  They wailed.  Spots danced before his eyes.  The big man just grunted, wrapped his hands around Jaret’s torso, and brought his thick knee into his stomach and chest.  The blow ravaged Jaret’s tender ribs, and he went limp.  The guard held him while he brought his knee up time and time again.  Finally, when Jaret stopped moving, the guard tossed him casually across the room.  
Jaret was already only half-conscious when his head crashed into the side of the bed and darkness overtook him.

#

Several hours later, Jaret was thrown back into his cell.  He lay where he landed, gasping as the door and bolt were slammed into place.  The iron manacles clamped around his wrists and ankles kept him from doing anything more than pressing his arms to his sides in a futile attempt to ease the raging in his chest.   
When the pain had subsided enough that he could open his tear-soaked eyes, he almost wept again.  His cell had been stripped of its furnishings.  The bed and mattress were gone.  Along with them had gone his knife and any hope he had of securing his revenge.
Propping himself against the cool wall at his back, Jaret brought his hands up to feel his bare scalp.  He had received a bath and a shave from the sadistic guards.  They had forcibly shaved every whisker of hair from his head and face, scrubbed him until he was raw, and dressed him in the rough woolen robe that hung from him.  After the beating he’d received in the cell, he had barely been aware of what was happening and was just now realizing the significance of the event.  
Nabim was preparing him for trial.  His next stop would be the Hall of Judgment where the Xi’ Valati would oversee his trial and eventual execution.  
Jaret could only shake his head at the abject failure his life had become, at the prospect of being remembered for all time as the traitorous monster he was.  Worst of all was the thought of Xi Valati Maciam sitting in judgment of his crimes.  The idea of the man who had been there so many times for him, who had advised him, comforted him, been more of a father than he had ever known listening to his crimes, passing judgment on him, seeing and acknowledging his betrayal was too much to bare.  He would gladly admit to his crimes, drop the axe on his own neck, whip the horses that would quarter him if he could only avoid seeing the disappointment in the Xi Valati’s eyes.
And still, there was no sign of Nabim, no word of what had happened in the world outside.  That always left some hope, Jaret told himself.  Perhaps the army was rallying to his defense.  Perhaps the city was besieged.  Or perhaps Nabim and his henchman were dead and a new Emperor was preparing to dispatch the other would-be usurper.  All these were hopes that Jaret could hold to replace his desire for revenge, could hold until they too were stripped away.
A scrape at the door brought his head up just as the stout wooden planks swung open to reveal the same mountainous guard that had beaten him in his ill-fated attempt at escape.  The guard was encased in filthy leather, covered with scars, and completely bald.  He filled the entire doorway, rising to the stones at the top and just as wide.  He probably weighed twice as much as Jaret, and though he looked flabby, Jaret could testify that he was strong as an ox.  
“Gonna try anyting, dis time, ya rat?”  The huge man flexed his massive arms as he stepped into the room.  Jaret had no plans to challenge him and shook his head to show that he was harmless.  “I did’n thin’ so!”  The brute stepped across the cell and kicked him hard enough to lift him from the stones and send him crashing into the wall.  Jaret almost blacked out from the pain and loss of air.
“Emprer’s, comin’ t’ see ya,” the guard said as his fellow dragged Jaret by the chain that constrained his hands.  The man pulled out a metal lock and secured the chains to a ring that hung from the wall.  “He’s em’nince, do’n wan’ slime like you bein’ able t’ touch ‘im.  Can’s say’s I blame ‘im.”  The brute struck him across the face splitting his lip and loosening several teeth.  
Jaret spit blood.  He tried to hit the man’s grubby shoes, but he was already walking away.
The way he was stretched against the wall strained Jaret’s ribs so that he could barely see for squinting against the pain.  His shoulder felt like they were being dislocated, and his hands were getting cold from lack of blood.  Lost in misery, he did not even see the Emperor step into his cell.
“I always knew that you smelled, Jaret,” Nabim’s high, nasal voice announced his arrival, “but this is terrible.”  The little man had a scarf held to his nose as he entered.  Jaret could smell the sickly sweet perfume from where he sat ten feet away.  
Jaret kept his eyes diverted as Nabim sauntered into the room, focusing instead on the Emperor’s voluminous gowns followed closely by the hem of a black robe.  
“Jaret,” Nabim spoke with mock disappointment, “have you forgotten your manners?  Will you not even say hello when old friends stop to visit?”  
Nabim covered the few steps between them, grabbed Jaret’s face, and pulled it around to look him in the eye.  “Look at me, you sack of . . . .” 
Jaret spit the blood from his broken teeth into the Emperor’s eye, cutting off his words.  Nabim pulled back reflexively, letting Jaret’s head fall.  He retreated to the succor of his henchman and wiped the blood from his eye into a red streak that marred the rouge on his cheek.  
Jaret tried to kick him with his chained feet, but they were capable of little more than flailing.  The monstrous guard ended his rebellion a second later.  The big man planted his foot in Jaret's stomach and cracked his head against the wall sending him into delirium.  Another blow landed across his face leaving his eye swelling shut.  
“Stop that!  I need him alive, you idiot.”  Nabim scolded the guard like a child, and the huge man shrank back until he almost looked the part.  
“They told me you still had some fight left.”  Nabim was visibly agitated but kept his tone conversational.  “I have to say, I was secretly hoping that you were not broken.  That will make it so much more enjoyable when you are, and trust me, you will be broken.  One way or another, I will see to that.”  The sniveling little man tried to sound ominous then broke into a twittering laugh.
Jaret looked up at the Emperor.  He was keeping his distance now – a large stain of red scarred the length of this cheek.  He spent some time adjusting his robes as he sat on an ornate chair that three servants carried in and placed behind him. 
“So Warlord Rammeriz.”  Nabim clapped his hand over his mouth in mock surprise.  “I’m sorry.  It must be an old habit.  I can’t very well call the man who assassinated the Emperor by the title of his most senior defender, now can I?”  He chuckled.  “I guess I will have to call you Traitor Rammeriz, or Rammeriz the Assassin.  Those seem far more fitting.”  
"I should have let Yuelle kill you in the throne room,” Nabim sneered.  “He wanted to be rid of you and your sniveling cowardice then and there, but I am convinced that you can still be useful, that the traitor, the assassin can still help.  It is very nice of you.  First you remove my brother from the throne, kill his entire family – and trust me, they are all dead now – and pave my way to the throne.  Then you take the blame for every one of the Empire’s problems, leaving me as the savior.  You truly are a very useful fellow.” 
Jaret tried to adjust himself so that he could look defiantly into the Emperor’s eyes.  The wall and his myriad injuries made it into a pathetic display that earned nothing more than a chuckle from Nabim.  
“But how can I be of service to my Emperor, you ask?” Nabim said as if they were discuss the plan over tea.  “Well, I am sure you have guessed by now that you are to stand trial.  You will be found guilty of treason, of course.  You will take the blame for every problem the Empire faces.  I may even find a way to blame you for the drought.  By the end, even your friend the Xi Valati will call for your execution.  But my infinite mercy will prevail.  Despite the fact that you killed my poor brother, whom I so deeply loved, I will spare your life.  I will spare you so that you can live out your days caged in the center of Sal Danar like the lower-class animal you are.  Women and children will spit on you as they pass.  Men will throw stones through the bars of your cage.  They will hate you like no other, and while they are busy hating you, they will love me.  You, Traitor Rammeriz, will kindly take the blame for all of the Empire’s failures and serve as a public display of what happens to those who betray the Order, to those who rise too far, who don’t know their place."  Nabim let out a hearty laugh of triumph.  
Jaret could not seem to get his eyes away from the stone floor of the cell even as the image of that floor began to blur.  He fought to restrain his emotions, but it was no use.  Nabim had just described a punishment far worse than death could ever be.  Not only would he be slurred forever in the chronicles of history, not only would his pain continue for years, but it would be magnified by the horror of seeing the people hate him, of seeing the lies become truth.  He would not be able to hide from the manacles of history in the darkness of death; he would have to live with their cold embrace.  It was a punishment that no man should ever have to face.
Seeing the tears run down Jaret’s cheeks sent Nabim into a frenzy.  He clasped Jaret’s chin and yanked it up so their eyes locked.  "Tears from you, Traitor Rammeriz?  I thought you prided yourself on being too strong for emotion?  Well, you can save the tears for your trial.  Save them for those who might feel sympathy for a monster like you.  You will receive none here!”  Nabim was foaming at the mouth by the end and finished by slamming Jaret’s head back onto the wall of the cell.
The blow stunned Jaret, and his head hung limp.  Nabim paused and made contemplative sounds before he grabbed Jaret’s chin again.  “A few tears will not be enough, to convince me that you are broken, if that is your thought?  It will not save you from the torture I have planned, will not save you from my new guards."  Nabim’s face twisted in dreadful glee at the mention of Jaret’s torture.  “Yuelle brought the guards with him.  They are quite marvelous creatures.  I am sure that you will find them just as fascinating as I do.  The only problem,” Nabim hissed through clenched teeth as he dug his fingers into Jaret’s ribs, “is that they will take care of this as well.”  
The probing fingers sent spikes of pain through Jaret.  His eyes pressed shut, but he suppressed the wails that threatened to break through his locked jaw – he would not give this little man the satisfaction of hearing him scream.
When Jaret thought he might faint from the pain, Nabim took his fingers from his ribs and stepped back toward his chair.  “It is all for the best,” he said nonchalantly.  “It can’t appear that you have been tortured when you stand trial.  There can be no doubt about your guilt, no possible claims of tampering.  It will have to be inscrutable.”  Nabim paused in thought then turned to the black robe at his side.  No part of the man wearing that robe showed.  It might as well have been a garment held up by wires for all the evidence that a person actually occupied it.  “Are you sure your creatures can do what is needed?”
The little man cleared his throat somewhere in the voluminous hood and raised his head so that the lamp light reflecting off the wall showed in his dark eyes.  “Though I regret exposing them to this, the Curava Deilei Tuhar’za are ideally suited for this task, my lord.  The general will appear to be in perfect health when his trial begins.  That much I can guarantee.”  Yuelle’s words were soft and sweet, high-pitched and effeminate just as Jaret remembered from the throne room.  And the words were spoken with the same strange language that Jaret did not know but could understand.  Over the past several days, he had convinced himself that it had been an illusion of his shattered mind.  To hear it again was almost more than he could handle.  What is he?  Where did Nabim find him?  And what is he planning?
Jaret expected Nabim to laugh at the prospect of his torture, but he just looked down at his silk-shrouded arm and shuttered.  “I can only imagine,” he whispered and turned somewhat pale.  Finally, he pulled himself out of his shock and cast a final wicked glance at Jaret.  “Very well, Yuelle.  I give him to your creatures.  They have ten days to break him.  Come.  We have much to do and have already wasted too much time on this worthless traitor.”  With that, the Emperor rose from his chair and marched from the room with his servants scrambling to retrieve the heavy chair and follow.
Yuelle stood for a moment longer, watching Jaret silently.  He tilted his head one way then the other, but Jaret could see no expression through the shadows of the hood and could not imagine what the little man was thinking.  Finally, he waved off whatever he was considering and turned.  As he walked from the room, he mumbled to himself.  
When he was out of the door, the guards followed but did not bother to close or lock the door.  They simply left it standing open, like a taunting reminder of his captivity.  Chained to the wall, there was not a thing Jaret could do but stare longingly at the opening.  
That taunting ended a few minutes later as a sauntering form that could only be one of the Emperor’s new “guards” appeared in the doorway.  Jaret’s head snapped up at the sight of the interloper, but he could not believe the vision before him.  He shook his head, thinking that he had drifted into nightmare or become delusional, but the delusion did not disappear or fade.  It simply leaned against the frame of the door, enjoying the way its victim lolled.
When Nabim had talked about creatures, Jaret had thought he meant men so cruel-hearted as to no longer deserve the moniker of humanity, but the thing standing in his door was no man.  It was like nothing that Jaret had ever seen.  He had seen men disfigured by war, disease, and defects of birth, but even with those possibilities, he could not call this thing human.  It was about the size of a man.  It had arms and legs like a man.  A head came up from its shoulders.  It even wore a man's clothes, but covering its body where the clothes did not reach and across its exposed chest was a thick layer of short, bristling, shiny-black fur denser than the hair of any man could be.  The fur covered the creature from head to foot so that no patch of skin was exposed, but it was the thing’s face not its fur that kept it from being human.  
Its face was not broken by a nose or ears.  The entire surface was left to beady eyes and a gaping maw.  The solid black eyes were no larger than small buttons and almost indistinguishable from the fur except that they sparkled in the light of the lamp it carried.  Defining the thing’s only other feature, thin lips split into a maniacal grin that stretched well past where its ears should be and revealed rows of small needles that glistened in the shimmering light.  
When Jaret had spent several long minutes studying the thing in disbelief, it ambled toward him with a grace that reminded him of a dancer then squatted in front of him, studying him with its expressionless eyes.  The sight of himself in those eyes sent a shiver through Jaret that he could not restrain.  Seeing it, the creature’s smile widened to a toothy grin that wrapped around its head.  "I am glad to see that you are frightened, human.”  It used the same strange language as Nabim’s henchman, but it spoke with a hissing lisp, and its voice was as oily as its fur.  “I so enjoy fear and have not seen nearly enough of it these long ages.”  The thing reached out one of its hands and caressed Jaret’s cheek.  The coarse fur had a rank smell that made him pull away in revulsion.  
It laughed in a spidery sort of way, but its voice was surprisingly airy, smooth, and seductive like that of a lover whispering passionately to the object of his affection.  "I already know your name, Jaret Rammeriz.  You have been much the subject of discussion with the Emperor, but I do not think that you know me.  I am called Thagas'kiula of the Curava Deilei Tuhar’za.  I think that we will get to know one another well, but I have always thought that introductions are important.  That way you will know whom to beg for mercy."  The creature’s voice slipped from sweetness to a grating hiss slurred by the enormity of the crevice that uttered the sounds.  
The radical change startled Jaret, and the creature responded with an evil grin that showed its teeth.  "You are a strong one.  I am glad that they have not broken you.  It is so much more fun for me that way."  
The thing’s face drew closer to Jaret, and it breathed heavily on him.  Its breath smelled like honeyed milk that had gone sour, a combination of foul pestilence and sickly sweetness.  Jaret could not help but to turn away from the black eyes and horrifying rows of teeth until his cheek was pressed against the cold wall.  
Thagas'kiula threw backs his head and let out a laugh that echoed off the walls like the maniacal cackle of the devil himself.   When the ghastly laughter finally ended, it turned on Jaret with such intensity that he wished the laughter would continue.  "Let your treatments begin."  
The creature’s mouth opened to an impossible angle and flashed down.  Jaret could do nothing to defend himself and felt the teeth sink into the flesh of his bicep.  The gnashing pain of the bite was followed by the most intense pain that Jaret had ever experienced, far more than any wound of that type should have been capable of producing.  The pain spread across his entire body, making his other injuries a memory.  It felt like his blood was on fire, and for a long time he convulsed, unaware of how the shaking made the manacles bite into his wrists and pulled his shoulders out of socket.
Just as the unspeakable pain was beginning to subside, he felt the teeth digging into his thigh, and the pain returned, worse than before.  
Again and again, Thagas'kiula bit him with the same unbearable result.  Finally, the pain stopped long enough for Jaret’s eyes to focus and his mind to clear.  The creature’s face formed in front of his.  The thing smiled in pure ecstasy, showed its red teeth and dripping chin.  It leered at him with an expression of fanatical desire as if it received unimaginable pleasure from his pain.  It stared at him that way for a long moment – a lover caught in the moment of rapture – then returned to its loathsome work, leaving that image as the last Jaret would remember through the unimaginable suffering that followed.



Chapter 30


Dasen had had better weeks than the one the followed the Muldons.  Every day was the same monotonous grind of walking from sunrise to sunset, sleeping under trees, bathing in streams, and eating whatever tasteless things they could forage or kill.  He spent most of it feeling wet, tired, sore, and inadequate.  Teth saw to the last with seemingly continuous lessons on all the “manly” skills he had never learned.  To this point, she had attempted to teach him to shoot, hunt, track, navigate the forest, forage, walk quietly, “read” his surroundings, start fires, find shelter, climb trees, and cover his trail.  None of them seemed to have taken, much to her apparent satisfaction.  Dasen could only imagine that she was trying to prove his deficiencies as a man as if that would somehow displace hers as a woman.  He was not sure how that would change anything once they reached the city, but if it was her goal, she had certainly succeeded.
At the same time, his sheer incompetence had foiled her attempts to maintain their proper roles.  He had lost his right to lead an hour after they left that initial trail.  Hunting had lasted until the second night without meat.  And luckily, they had not tested his ability to defend them from an attack.  The tasks he was still forced to perform were menial but demanding: gathering wood, carrying the pack, breaking trails through heavy brush.  As a result, he had at least become stronger over the last week.  He could now maintain even Teth’s most strenuous pace.  His feet had grown accustom to the rough terrain so that he could watch the forest around him without tripping.  He was so used to the weight of the pack that he felt disconcertingly light without it.  And his muscles were only slightly stiff even after especially hard days.
Through it all, there was Teth.  They spent every moment together, often very close together, but the affection from a week ago was gone.  She did not kiss him, did not hold his hand, did not allow him near her while she slept, barely spoke to him outside the lessons.  Yet he could not get those things from his mind, could not forget how she smelled, tasted, felt.  And he could not forget her eyes that night at the Muldon’s, her words, her tears.  He still believed he had been right but wondered why the price had to be so high and often considered how next time could be any different.  To this point, he had not come up with any answers.
A few feet ahead of him, Teth came to a stop.  They were walking along a narrow deer trail through an area of widely spaced deciduous trees.  The thick branches above blocked all but the occasional streamer of light, kept the summer sun from being overpowering, and limited the undergrowth to a few scraggly bushes, vines, and moss.  The forest had been getting less dense and more deciduous for days, and Dasen had to believe they were finally nearing its end.  
The sun was well past its height now, and Teth had strung her bow a few minutes before.  The stop now could only mean that she had found their supper.  He wondered what it would be this time.  The forest had a bounty of small game – and larger, though Teth refused to kill anything that they could not eat in a day or two.  To this point they had eaten rabbits, squirrels, grouse, a woodchuck, fish.  Some were better than others, but without salt or seasoning, they all tasted basically the same, and Dasen had lost any enthusiasm for food beyond its ability to keep his stomach from rumbling.
Confirming his suspicion, Teth pulled an arrow from the quiver across her back.  So what will it be today, Dasen wondered, a chipmunk, crow, snake, what else will she make me eat.  If she had seen it, it was as good as roasting over their fire.  Teth was an undisputed genius with a bow.  She almost never missed no matter the size, speed, or distance of her target; and her ability to draw, aim, and fire in one breathtaking heartbeat was almost as impressive as her accuracy.  
Dasen watched her eyes, searched for the source of her attention, and eventually identified the covey of grouse under a nearby bush.  A week ago, he never would have seen them – the bush where they hid was dense, and their brown speckled bodies matched it perfectly – but Teth had shown him how to look for slight anomalies in the undergrowth and identify them as animals.  He watched the birds, thankful that they would be eating something normal that night, until Teth turned to him with the bow.
“Here,” she whispered, “do you see the birds under that bush?”  
Dasen moaned.  She hit him with the bow, and he accepted it without complaint.  He took a deep breath.  The grouse were small and almost twenty paces away.  He had improved with the bow, but there was almost no chance that he would hit one of the birds.  He glanced at Teth, hoping she would spare him the embarrassment, but there was no reprieve.  He lifted the bow, drew the taught string, and sighted along the length of the shaft.  He took a deep breath, held it, and released.  
The arrow flew into the bush close enough to rouse the birds, but not anywhere near hitting them.  They took flight, rising slowly from the ground, wings beating madly.  Dasen could only watch, so Teth ripped the bow from his hands.  She had an arrow drawn a heartbeat later and fired without even seeming to aim.  The bolt flew faster than Dasen’s eye could track until it met the breast of the last bird.  It tumbled to the ground in the center of the trail they were following.  It flopped, but the arrow had gone clean through, and in only a few seconds its struggles ceased.  
Despite having seen countless shots like that, Dasen was amazed.  And Teth acted as if it were the most normal thing in the world.  She deftly unstrung her bow, placed the string in her pocket, and tapped him on the chest with the shaft.  “You think too much.  It is good to prepare yourself, but sometimes you have to stop thinking and give yourself up to the task.”
“But you told me to pause and take a breath before I shoot.”
“That’s because you were not properly bracing.  Now you’re waiting too long.  When you hold too long, the bow wobbles.  You can’t hit anything when that happens.  You have to create a solid foundation.  Too fast or too slow and it won’t work.”
“So how did you learn to shoot?” Dasen asked with a mix of frustration and awe.  He didn’t think he would ever be able to do what Teth did effortlessly almost every day.  How was it possible for an orphan girl from a remote village to do that, to do any of this?  Obviously, her aunt had taught her a lot on their trips to gather herbs in the forest, but Dasen doubted that Milne had ever hunted, slept under pine trees, or hidden trails.  
Teth gave him a cautious, sidelong look.  “Why do you think I should tell you?  Trying to find the root of my decent in to chaos, are you?”  She smiled mischievously, obviously pleased with the turn in conversation.  
Dasen forced a laugh.  “If you want to put it that way, sure.  How was it you became a chaos-worshipping demon in the first place?”
Teth spun and growled at him, hands extended as claws.  “I’ll drag you into the Maelstrom, little boy.”
Dasen was so surprised that he actually jumped, which only made Teth laugh harder.  “Seriously, I’ll tell you, but first I have a question for you.  If everything that happens is part of the Order, then why does my ability to shoot a bow have to be outside that Order?  Maybe the Order made me this way for a reason.  Did you ever think of that?”
“If you were a deer or a bear, I’d agree, but you’re not.  You’re a person.  You have freewill.  You define yourself through your decisions.”
“Thank you, counselor.  Are you going to get that arrow?”  Dasen took a few strides off the trail to the bush they were just now passing.  Teth continued on, bending only slightly to pick up the arrow with a bird skewered across it.  “If we didn’t need the arrows, we could roast the bird just like this.”  Dasen slid the arrow he had retrieved back into Teth’s, now half-full, quiver.  She handed the bird to him, and he secured it to his pack using the arrow.
“So you were going to tell me about your decent into chaos,” he reminded when he had the pack on his back again.  
“Don’t push it, counselor boy, or you’ll remain just as celibate as one of them.”  Teth laughed again at Dasen’s shock.  She was obviously in a rare good mood.  “I’ve been wondering when you’d finally start to understand.  I could just as well ask when you decided to stop learning how to provide for yourself and hide away in a library.  It’s not that much different, you know.”
Dasen wanted to protest – learning, understanding the Order, was a very honorable role for a man – but Teth did not let him.  As he drew the breath, she turned and scowled.   “Do you want to hear the story or not?”  Dasen nodded, so she continued, “I started shooting soon after the fire.  When they were clearing out our house and selling off my parent’s things, I latched onto my father’s bow, and for some reason, I had to have it.  I still can’t explain it.  It’s not like he ever even used it.  I suppose it just felt right, made me feel safe, made me feel as if a part of him was still there to protect me.”  Her voice betrayed her emotions with the slightest crack.  “In any case, I eventually decided that if I was going to carry the thing around I should learn to shoot it.  So I snuck into the woods behind my aunt’s house and fired at stumps for hours.  At first, I could barely draw the string, but eventually, I could hit my targets center with every shot.  Hunting came naturally after that.  
“The new shop owner wouldn’t sell me arrows, so I used the money Ipid sent to buy them from the caravans.  I told them they were for my father, which I pretended was true.  I think Milne knew it was wrong, but after the fire, she basically let me do anything that made me happy, and she never complained about having meat for the pot."
Teth stopped and looked back.  Dasen was silently amazed.  She made the story sound as casual as if describing how she had learned to bake bread, but he could only imagine how much additional ridicule, resentment, and abuse she had brought upon herself.  It became clearer and clearer that this was not a passing fancy, was not some childish attempt to rebel.  He stopped and watched her walk, gliding effortlessly through the trees, and realized that her skills had been a lifetime in the making.  This had started with a distraught little girl and become an identity.  And he began to understand what his father had said in the coach that day a lifetime past.
Considering that, he jogged a few strides to make up the distance he had lost, and was just about to ask another question when Teth abruptly turned from the trail.  She wrapped her hand around his mouth and pulled him behind a nearby tree.  The move was so sudden and unexpected that Dasen lost his balance, and Teth allowed him to crumple to the ground behind the broad trunk of a beech tree.  She crouched beside him, studying the forest.  Moving to his knees, he joined her, peering around the other side of the trunk.  He held the one-tined pitchfork tightly – somewhat surprised that he had not impaled himself on the thing as he went down.  Teth had her bow out, but she had not strung it.  
"There’s a clearing up ahead,” Teth whispered, breath tickling across his ear.  “I think I saw a line of horses along the outer trees."
Dasen’s heart jumped at the mention of horses, and he frantically searched the trees in front of them.  In the back of his mind, he knew that they had been traveling undisturbed for too long and had become complacent as a result.  They had not seen any signs of other humans in days, let alone invaders.  Not since they had crossed the main road – an operation done in the dead of the night with great caution – had they seen anything that would indicate an invasion was taking place.  There had been no freeholds, no creatures in the sky, no horsemen, nothing but trees and animals.  Dasen had begun to believe that either Teth was right about them stopping to regroup, he was right about them concentrating on Wildern to the south, or both.  In either case, he had hoped they would have an easy trip to Thoren once they finally emerged from the trees and found a village.  Now he saw that was just another convenient fantasy.  If not for Teth's sharp eyes, they would have walked right into the invader’s camp.  Now, they would have to find some way around the camp and hope that a sentry had not seen them.
They watched the forest for several minutes with racing hearts, but there was no reaction from the clearing.  When they were certain that no alarm had been raised, Teth stood, strung her bow, and notched an arrow.  Dasen knelt beside her with his crude spear held out in front of him.  Its point wavered disturbingly in his trembling hands.  
Teth did not look at him as she leaned in close.  "I think we should take a look at the clearing.  We may learn something important about the invaders.  Do you think you can move quietly through this underbrush?"
Dasen looked at her as if she had suggested they jump off a hundred foot cliff, but she just stared at him, expecting a response.  She had obviously made up her mind.  He could refuse and allow her to do her spying alone, but he was supposed to be the man.  How would it look to send his wife to scout the invaders while he cowered behind a tree?  "I’ll try, but let's be careful,” he agreed with a sigh.
Teth nodded and took the first steps toward the clearing.  Dasen studied the ground in search of the best places to step so that he would make as little noise as possible.  Teth had tried to teach him all this, but actually doing it required a lot more than a few terse lessons.  He stepped slowly, leading with his toes and rolling back to the balls of his feet as he hunted for the next footfall.  He reached out with his ears as he walked, searching for any sound that might suggest that they had been discovered, and scanned the trees for clues from the clearing.  A few paces into the trip, he caught a flash of movement.  It looked like a man striding across the clearing.  He could not be sure through the green before him, but there was certainly activity ahead, and he thought that he had seen the glint of steel as the man went by.  Heart pounding, he glanced toward Teth and found her twenty paces in front of him, kneeling in some heavy brush at the side of the clearing.  She looked back and motioned him forward.  He grumbled about that being easy for her but tried to follow.  
He took his next step and, with a small yelp, stopped in his tracks.  The point of a spear had appeared at his throat.  He followed the shaft into the lowest branch of the oak tree he had been using to conceal his advance and found a slender man in a green tunic and brown pants.  The man was staring at him with cold eyes that held a silent warning against movement or sound.  
Dasen looked toward where Teth was studying the clearing.  She must not have heard the yelp.  He wondered how he might warn her without getting himself skewered.  Nothing came to mind.
“Drop that spear,” the man in the tree ordered.  His voice was hushed so as not to warn Teth.  His eyes bounced back and forth between them.  Dasen complied.  He threw the one-tined pitchfork to the side and held up his hands, blood pounding in his ears so that he could barely hear.  The spear point shifted from his throat, and the man leapt smoothly to the ground behind him.  "Okay, laddy, I don' wan’ no trouble, so jist move ‘long toward yir friend.  If he’s smart, I won' ‘ave ta run ya through."  
Dasen turned before he thought.  The man did not seem happy about the abruptness of the move, and the spear dug into his back, but the glance was well worth it.  He had just realized that the man was speaking the Imperial tongue with the now familiar dialect of the Western Kingdoms.  That and the glance back had confirmed that this was no invader.  On his left breast was a large patch showing a brown field with green dots, the crest of Uhia District.  They had found the forest masters.  
Dasen eyes were aglow when he turned back toward the clearing.  He had been dreaming about finding the forest masters since Randor’s Pass, and the sight of that patch made him so happy that he wanted to turn around and embrace his captor.  The only thing that kept him from doing just that was the fear that he would end up embracing the spear instead.  He looked for Teth, ready to deliver the good news if she had not already discovered it, but she was no longer there.  
Only seconds before she had been crouched behind that bush; now, she was nowhere to be seen.  Dasen scanned the surrounding area, searched the bushes and tall grass around the clearing, but there was nothing.  He was flabbergasted.  He knew that she could move fast, but he could not believe how abruptly she had disappeared.  
The ranger behind him was just as stunned.  He prodded Dasen with his spear.  "Where’d he go then?  Tell ‘im ta come out.  I’ll no ‘urt ya’ lessin’ ya’ meant us ‘arm, an’ I don' think that’s yir plan."
Dasen knew the man was right.  Finding the forest masters was the best thing that had happened to them since the joining ceremony.  "Teth!  Come out!  These are the district forest masters.  They’re on our side.  You can come out."  
Silence answered him.  He yelled again, but there was no response.  He began to worry that something might have happened.  He continued to scan the trees with building desperation, but Teth was gone.  She had disappeared as thoroughly as if she had never existed.



Chapter 31


"Sergeant, look what I found sneakin’ ‘round camp.  Tryin' ta get a better look at us he was, but forgot ta look up, he did."  The guard led Dasen into the clearing.  The young man still had his spear poised at the small of his back, but Dasen did not give the man any reason for concern.  He had no intention of running.  All he had to do was convince these men who he was, and he and Teth would have horses and guards for their trip to Thoren. 
In the clearing at least twenty men were working on tasks ranging from preparing tents to cleaning wild turkeys that would serve as the evening meal, but all activity stopped when the guard led Dasen into the camp.  At the first indication of a disturbance, the men reached to the short swords at their hips or moved toward the stacks of spears arranged around the camp with their points in the air like steel-tipped pyramids.  When they saw that the captive did not pose a threat, they returned to their tasks but continued to eye him with curiosity.  
The forest masters all wore the same green tunics and loose brown breaches tucked into soft leather boots that appeared to be equally appropriate for riding and creeping through the forests on foot.  Looking deeper, Dasen saw that the men looked harried and tired.  Their uniforms were worn, stained, and marked with makeshift bandages that were themselves lined with red  
"Scout, did you search this boy for weapons?"  A deep voice interrupted Dasen’s inspection.  The man who had spoken was short and stocky with thick black hair in a poorly kept mop and an equally thick mustache that hung over his lip.  Both hair and mustache were marked with wisps of white, but the man’s face showed only subtle signs of age.  He looked hard and weathered with a strong-set jaw, square chin, and deep-set dark eyes.  He was much shorter than Dasen, but he had broad shoulders and a bulky upper body that made up for the deficiency in height.  He wore the same uniform as the other men around the camp, but Dasen immediately identified the two brown stripes beneath the crest that marked him as a sergeant.
"I found this on him,” the scout responded and held out Dasen’s spear.  “But I didn’ do a search.  I didn’ want ta move that close ta him while I’s unaided."
The older man weighed Dasen with his eyes – probably wondering why his captive had such a stupid, giddy smile.  "Very good scout.  Anything else to report?"
"Yes, sir!  There’s another’n, a younger lad.  He was ‘head of this’n, so I let ‘im pass ‘til they’s both my primeter.  While I’s securing this one, the other’n disappeared."  The scout's voice was tight, but it wavered toward the end, and Dasen saw a cloud pass over the sergeant’s face.
"What do you mean, he disappeared?”  The sergeant’s voice was suppressed rage.  The guard looked frightened, and Dasen could imagine that the sergeant had a reputation for being strict.  “How could anyone lose you in these woods, let alone some scamp?  You must’ve overlooked him.  Take two men and find him.  And don't come back here till you do!"
Before the sergeant was finished, two men were striding across the camp to where he stood.  The men carried unstrung bows and quivers, but the bows were soon strung and quivers were tied across their backs.  The sergeant did not say another word as the men turned toward the forest. 
“It is a girl,” Dasen mumbled.  
“What was that, son?”  The sergeant motioned for the scouts to stop.
“I . . . ah . . . said that . . . um . . . it's a girl, my wife, in fact, that got away.” 
“I thought that was what you said.”  The sergeant’s face turned dark, and he glowered at the young man who had captured Dasen.  The scout groaned.  
Dasen stifled one of his own.  "Please, don't hurt her,” he pleaded.  “She didn’t realize who you are and wouldn’t have run if she had."  
The sergeant scoffed and motioned to his subordinates, who ran silently into the trees.  
When the scouts were out of view, the sergeant turned back to Dasen.  "We’re not in the practice of shootin’ down women, son.  If what you said is true, there should be no need to harm her ‘cause she’ll surrender as soon as my men identify themselves.  If, however, you’re lyin’ and she has a reason to run or resist, I can’t guarantee her safety."  
Dasen did not find that very assuring.  Teth had never hidden her disdain for the forest masters.  She was just as likely to fill the men with arrows as surrender, and that was considering they found her in the first place. 
"Come on now.”  The sergeant’s stern, but almost fatherly, tone interrupted Dasen’s thoughts.  “Drop your pack and whatever other weapons you’re carryin’, and we’ll figure what to do with you."
Dasen did not hesitate to follow the orders.  He removed his pack – something he had been dying to do all day – threw down the short knife in his belt, and held out his hands to show that was all.  Another younger man who had snuck up behind him gathered his things and piled them with the other weapons while a shorter fellow patted down his legs and waist.  Failing to find anything, he told Dasen to place his hands behind his back.  To Dasen’s surprise, he tied them with a leather cord."Can't be too careful these days," the sergeant responded simply to Dasen’s questioning glance.  He held his long sword lightly at his side and studied his captive.
“Do you know who I am?” Dasen asked, incredulous.  
“Not yet,” the sergeant responded.  It was clear that he didn’t care if Dasen was the Chancellor.  “We’ll figure that out in good time.”  
With that, Dasen was led to a thin, smooth-barked tree that was growing by itself on one side of the clearing.  He was ordered to sit, and the guard tied him to the tree.  The man then took a sentry position a few feet away.  For a few minutes, Dasen tried pleading with the man, explaining their situation, imploring him to let him up, but the man ignored him so thoroughly that he began to wonder if the words were actually making their way from his mouth.  Finally, he settled down and accepted his fate.  Clearly they’ve seen some action, he told himself.  They’re just wary.  Can’t blame them for that.  But the thought only increased his worry.  If these men had fought the invaders, it meant that they had gone north, that they may be near.  He thought on that as he tested his bonds, though he had no actual desire to escape.
Meanwhile, the sergeant returned to a small fire at the far end of the clearing where he joined two other men.  They both looked older, so Dasen guessed they were the other officers for this unit.  The men spoke briefly while watching Dasen then the surrounding trees before the sergeant saluted and went to inspect the preparations of the camp.  The other two men continued to speak, but Dasen seemed to be far from their minds.  Consigned to his fate, he tried to make himself comfortable against the tree and wondered where Teth could be.

#

Time passed slowly in the camp, but the shadows eventually grew to encompass it.  The scouts built the main fire larger and larger until they had a substantial pit of coals over which they placed the turkeys.  As they finished their various tasks, they gathered around the fire and sharpened their swords in small circles of quiet conversation.  The officers continued their conversations as well.  No one made any move toward questioning or releasing Dasen.
Sitting by the tree, bored and alone, his mind wandered to the thoughts he had been having prior to their discovery of the camp.  He thought about Teth hiding from the forest masters, the fact that they had not found her yet, that they likely never would.  These men had been specifically trained to guard the Great Western Forest.  Most of them had lived their entire lives in the villages it encompassed.  They spent their every day patrolling it, tracking bandits through it, yet they had no chance of finding Teth.
Dasen thought about their time together since the joining ceremony, thought about all the things she had done, tried to put them into the context of the men that now surrounded him, and was astounded.  She seemed to know every plant, every animal, every tree, mushroom, root, leaf, and branch in the forest.  She could run, shoot, track, climb better than any man he had ever seen.  She was perfectly at home among the trees, sleeping on pine needles, cooking over fires, bathing in streams.  He wondered at the time, the dedication that must have gone into building those skills, that familiarity, especially as he had failed time and again to perform activities that she did effortlessly.
And slowly, very slowly, he began to understand what had gone into the creature he had joined.  This was her entire life.  It was the only thing she knew, the only thing she loved.  He understood why she acted like she did.  It was not a lust for chaos.  It was not even a choice.  It was the way the Order had made her.  Just as it made me to study, he realized, connecting his thoughts to what Teth had said.  And taking him away from the life the Order had crafted for him had been debilitating, overwhelming, terrifying.  And I had someone to help me, to guide me, protect me, show me how.  What he had done to Teth was the same as if she had abandoned him in the forest to fend for himself.  That was what she had been trying to show him for the past week, but even there, she had not been too kind to drive the lesson home.  
Dasen felt his stomach sink.  He remembered what his father had said, “. . . the Order is more complex than we accept it to be. . . .  Not everyone’s path is the same. . . .  The differences may be good, a part of the plan.”  He saw now that his father’s blasphemy had been right all along.  For whatever reason, the Order had made Teth this way.  She was perfectly designed for the life she led and had taken to it like a bird to the sky.  And he wanted to rip it all away in the name of that same Order.  
He brought he head forward then smacked it back into the tree several times, cursing himself for the idiot he was, for making this all so much more difficult than it needed to be.  Surely, Teth would need to adapt when they got to the city, just as he had to adapt to the forest, but just as he would never be comfortable here, the city would never be Teth’s home.  Her life there would be every bit as hard as his was here.  And the only one who could help her with that, who could protect her was him.  Just as she has helped and protected me.  
With the thought, Dasen suddenly felt the overwhelming need to see Teth again.  He wanted more than anything in the world to apologize, to let her know that he would not do it again, that he would be there for her the same way she had been here for him.  But now, after two weeks in each other’s constant company, she was gone.  An hour ago, he would have been grateful for that reprieve, now he felt it like a hole in his gut.
He found himself watching the trees more and more urgently as dark thoughts swirled through his mind.  Is she hurt?  Did the scouts kill her?  Has she finally decided to abandon me and live in the forest as she always wanted?  The idea cut him to the bone, and he caught himself watching the trees trying to picture her bounding into the camp.
As if his imagination had created reality, he suddenly saw someone moving through the trees toward the clearing.  He could not make out the figure at first, but as it came into view, his heart sank.  What he had thought was one person proved to be three.  The scouts who had gone in search of Teth were returning to the camp empty-handed.  Teth was gone.  
Dasen was crestfallen.  He told himself that it was for the best.  He would have an escort to the city, and she could stay in her forest.  It was probably what she wanted all along.  He tried to cheer himself with the fact he would not have to put up with her insults and abuse, that they were probably both better off, but he could not make himself believe it.
When the scouts were in view, the sergeant left the fire to meet them.  A heated conference ensued at the side of the clearing.  Dasen could not hear the words, but if the faces of the scouts were any indication, it was decidedly one-sided and unpleasant.  After a few minutes of what appeared to be a thorough reaming, the scouts were dismissed and hurried to join their fellows by the fires.  The sergeant returned to the other officers red-faced and puffed up so that it looked like he might explode.  Seeing his anger, one of the men consoled him with a pat on the shoulder then broke from the fire and ambled toward Dasen with the sergeant in tow.
The new man had a friendly face with a broad smile and sparkling green eyes.  He was taller than most of the men in camp, and his build was moderate but solid.  Solid that was in everything but his face, which was decidedly soft, with full cheeks, generous dimples, and an easy smile.  That face stood in stark contrast to the granite block that served as the sergeant’s head to the point that Dasen could not imagine it on a soldier.  The soft features and warm smile were so out of place that he found it difficult to think of the long sword the man wore as a real weapon.
The taller officer – Dasen saw three lines beneath his crest, a lieutenant – stopped a few feet from where Dasen’s feet were sprawled out in front of him.  He looked like a giant from his perspective, and he felt a kink in his neck from the strain of looking at him.  "Hello.  My name is Andies Valgood,” the lieutenant said as he knelt to Dasen’s level.  His voice was every bit as inviting as his smile, and Dasen could not help but like him.  “My official title is lieutenant, but the men just call me Andi.  My sour-faced friend here is Sergeant Winnton Rathman.  I’m sorry that we left you tied up, but we wanted to find your wife before we talked with you."  
The sergeant grunted from behind.  The sound distracted his superior for a moment.  Andi looked back at the sergeant with a slight frown – the first time the smile had left his face.  
“Unfortunately, our men could not find her, and that has us a bit worried.  The biggest problem,” Andi’s voice turned serious, “is that it casts some doubts on what to do with you.  I don't think you were trying to do any harm, but the fact that your wife ran does not speak well of you.  It is also strange that a woman could so thoroughly evade our scouts.  It’s a feat that very few men could manage."
"Your men don't know Teth.”  Dasen was so drawn into the lieutenant’s easy style that he did not realize that he was speaking his thoughts. 
Andi's eyes perked.  He turned to the sergeant.  “You see.  There is a simple explanation for everything."  Returning his stare to Dasen he asked, “Your wife is Tethina Galbridge?”
"Yes, sir.  You know her?" 
Andi laughed, long and hard.  “You could say that.  Our unit doesn’t often make it as far west as Randor’s Pass, but your wife is a bit of a legend among the forest masters.  She’s had quite a few run-ins with the unit in charge of the area around Randor.  A few of our fellas even competed against her in the games a while back.”  He lowered his voice and grinned.  “Let’s just say, after that, it may be best they didn’t find her.”  
Dasen had not thought about that aspect of Teth’s relationship with the forest masters.  He now remembered her specific instructions about not telling them who she was, of not even telling them that she was a girl.  Then he remembered Pete Magee.  He could only imagine the forest masters hated her every bit as much as the boys from Randor’s Pass, and he suddenly understood why she had not been interested in their help.
“And if you are married to Tethina Galbridge, that must make you the famous Dasen Ronigan,” Andi continued.  He thought about that for a moment.  “Is that the case?” he asked when Dasen did not offer anything.
“Yes, sir.  I am Dasen Ronigan.  Tethina and I were joined in Randor’s Pass two weeks ago now.”
Andi stared at him again for a long moment.  Eventually, he turned to the sergeant.  “What do you think, Winnton?  Do we believe him?  He doesn’t look much like the heir to the Kingdoms’ greatest fortune.”
The sergeant harrumphed.  “Well, the girl’s gotta be that Galbridge bitch.  She’s the only one who’d lose our scouts like that.”  It was only when he saw Andi’s hard stare that the sergeant seemed to realize what he had just said, and to whom.  “My apologies, sir, my tongue got away from me.  I didn’t mean any insult against your wife.  It’s no excuse, but I used to be stationed around Randor, and she did give us more trouble than most.”
“I understand,” Dasen managed, though he wanted to hit the man – maybe Teth was a bitch, but she was his bitch. 
“Thank you,” Andi smiled, “I assure you that Sergeant Rathman will be disciplined for his disrespect.”  He spared the blockish man another stern look.  “I, for one, believe your story.  We were told to be to on the watch for strange activity associated with your joining ceremony, and everything else seems to fit.  And even if you aren’t Dasen Ronigan, I don’t think you’re a threat.  But we can’t be too cautious these days, so before I let you go, I want to hear your story.  Be brief for now, but we may ask you to tell it again in greater detail, so be sure you speak the truth."
Desperate to get away from the tree, Dasen told his story in as quick and concise a form as he could.  He did not hide anything excepting the parts that included the creatures – he doubted the wisdom of revealing that while tied to a tree under suspicion.  His interrogators ask a few questions as he spoke, but the tale seemed to hold few surprises.  When he was finished, the conversation died, and there was a tense moment.  
The lieutenant ended the stalemate with a motion to the guard who was standing off to the side.  The stubby man pulled a short knife from his belt and covered the few steps that separated him from the tree.  Andi stood to his full height and backed away.  The sight of the knife made Dasen’s heart leap, and Andi's movement away did nothing to assuage his fears, but the guard just crouched behind him and sliced the leather straps that held his hands.  
Dasen rubbed his wrists and started to stand, but his legs were stiff, and it took him some time to convince them to function.  When he was upright, Andi held out a hand.  "It is nice to meet you, Lord Ronigan.  I am sorry to have detained you.”  His voice was strangely formal.  “Would you please come with me so we can introduce you to our captain?"
The captain of this unit of forest masters was older than the others by many years.  He wore his silver hair long, held in a great tail by a series of bands that ran down his back.  His beard contained more silver than black, and he wore it in a well-trimmed square around his mouth.  He was not a very large man – slightly taller than the sergeant but less broad.  His face resembled the sergeant’s more than Andi’s, but it was narrower and better proportioned with less severe features and a triangular chin.  Slight wrinkles appeared to have been chiseled around his striking cool-blue eyes, which looked like they could erupt at any moment in a shower of freezing stares.  
One of those stares caught Dasen and held him as if measuring him by his ability to hold it.  He was trapped in that glare for what felt like a long time before the eyes turned to the remainder of him, scanning down his body then coming back up to meet his eyes again.  When the inspection was complete, the captain turned to Andi, who whispered a few words in his ear.  The captain's eyebrow went up, and he again examined his captive from top to bottom.  He quirked his mouth in thought and stared at Dasen as if trying to bore a hole through him with his eyes.  The other two officers stared just as intently, mimicking the actions of their leader, but neither of them had the glare of that old man.  
"Welcome, Lord Ronigan.”  The captain broke the examination by extending his hand and crushing Dasen’s in a powerful grip.  “I have heard good things of your father, and you are welcome in our camp."
"Thank you, Captain."  Dasen tried to keep from wincing.
"I am sorry about your ordeal today.”  The captain released him and smiled.  It appeared genuine and made his face seem slightly less stern.  “It was not my intent to discomfort or frighten you, but we too have had some problems with the invaders as, I hear, you have also decided they must be."  
There was a short pause.  Dasen nodded, and the captain gave him another reassuring smile.  "I have not introduced myself.  I am Derrik Hobbleswood, Captain of the Uhia District Forest Masters.  I believe you’ve met my remaining officers."  He motioned toward Andi and Winnton, and each nodded in acknowledgement.  "I will want to hear every detail of your journey, but that can wait until you have had a chance to recover."  
A guard already stood behind Dasen with a small bowl of cold water, a hand towel, and a razor.  He led him away to another side of the clearing where he washed his face and shaved off as thick a beard as he’d ever had.  Another man presented him with a fresh shirt, but it was too small, so he stayed with the, now tattered, one he’d found at the first freehold.  
He was eventually escorted back to the small fire where the officers continued their discussions.  As he approached, the captain flicked an eyebrow, and the other two fell silent.  The circle parted to allow Dasen’s entry in a spot opposite the captain.  
Dasen diverted his eyes to the small fire while the captain spoke to the guard who had brought him.  "Scout, if the food is ready, I think that we could eat.  Bring us each a plate of whatever is over there.  Following that, you may join the others.  I’m sure we won’t need your help with this one."
"Yes, sir!" the scout saluted.
The captain caught the young man before he could escape and added, "Scout, make sure there are guards on duty at all times, even while they’re eating and all through the night.  There is no room for complacency."
Another "Yes, sir!" and the guard was away.  He returned a minute later with four plates brimming with slightly undercooked turkey and a few charred onions.  
The officers and Dasen ate in silence.  All of them finished their food, but none requested more.  When they were finished, Sergeant Rathman fetched folding stools and another guard followed him with fuel for the fire.  
Captain Hobbleswood pulled a pipe from his green officer’s jacket, stuffed it with tobacco, and used a stick from the fire to get it going.  When he was puffing intently, he fixed Dasen with a steely gaze that was intensified by the flickering shadows from the fire.  Two puffs on the pipe and the captain began to speak in what was supposed to be a friendly tone, but his dominating presence and rich voice made it sound more commanding than conversational.  "I’ll want you to tell me your story in detail, but I think it is important that you hear ours first.  It may help you think of some aspects of your own tale that you have forgotten or would not consider important now."
The captain took a long puff from the pipe but never moved his eyes from where they held Dasen's.  When his words returned, they sounded far away as if traveling through time itself.  "We first ran into the invaders six days ago.  Our unit was coming into Rycroft, when the forward scouts reported that the village was under attack.  We had trouble believing them, but when we arrived on the hill above the town, it was just as they’d said.  
“We got there just in time to see the attackers, huge mounted men, finish the garrison and any of the villagers that had stood against them.  There must have been two hundred invaders and our unit was only forty, so the only thing we could have done was die alongside the others.  The men, they wanted to charge, but I ordered them to hold."  This was an important point to Captain Hobbleswood.  He paused to make sure that it was understood.  
Dasen nodded, and the captain continued, "We watched the attack from the cover of the trees until the invaders spotted us and charged the hill.  I am not proud to say that we ran.  As I said, we wouldn’t have lasted ten minutes against that lot, and I thought we’d be a lot more useful alive than under the ground, so we ran.  Still, the invaders were some of the best horsemen I’ve ever seen.  Their mounts couldn’t have been fresh, but they chased us down effortlessly.  We made just enough of a stand so that most of us could escape into the deep woods where they couldn’t follow.  Still, we lost a dozen men that day, and I’m not sure if we killed a single one of those bastards.
“We’ve been trying to get to Thoren ever since, but the invaders keep pushing us north.  I swear every road and trail east of here is swarming with them.  I don’t know how, but they seem to know where we are, because every time we try to break east they meet us and drive us back.  All told, I’ve lost over half my men.  Half of those remaining are hurt in some way.  So now, we’re trying to get north of the main road, hoping we can break out of the forest there and make a run for Thoren.”
The captain paused to take a long drink from a water bag that the sergeant had produced.  The drink was followed by another barrage of puffs from the short-stemmed pipe.  When he had the smoke boiling from his mouth and nose, he turned to Dasen.  "From what Andies and Winnton tell me, you have also concluded that these men are from across the Clouded Range.  Personally, I can think of no other explanation.  I have to believe it is a full-scale invasion.  Do either of you have anything to add to that?"  The officers both shook their heads.
The men allowed a long moment to pass between them in which everyone’s eyes turned to the dancing glow of the fire.  Eventually, Sergeant Rathman used a stout log to stir the fire then placed it on the shimmering coals.  Dasen felt somewhat uncomfortable as the silence stretched, broken only by the muted conversation from the scouts on the other side of the clearing.  He wondered if he should say something but could not think what it would be, so he allowed the silence to build until it was almost palpable.  
Captain Hobbleswood finally brought his eyes from the fire and looked toward him.  His eyes were sharp and stern, but Dasen could see a sudden flicker of fatigue in them as if he were carrying a tremendous load and was just barely hiding the strain.  He cleared his throat to break the silence and drew the undivided attention of his subordinates.  “Well, Dasen,” he sat back on his stool, “I suppose the burden falls on you now.  Tell us ev . . . .”  
The captain’s words trailed into a sickening gurgle.  His eyes bulged, and his face filled with shock.  He convulsed then let out a terrible cry that was cut off by a thin-fingered hand that wrapped around his mouth and pulled his head back to expose his throat.  Following the hand, a small head like that of a lizard peaked out over the captain’s shoulder.  The lizard looked at Dasen with hourglass eyes before opening its broad mouth and sinking small triangular teeth into the captain’s throat.  
The captain, as if only then realizing what was happening, tried furiously to pull the small creature away.  He stood and flailed, pulling at the thing’s small legs, but it was clamped in place.  It seemed a long time that he fought while Dasen and the other officers watched, too overcome to move, but too soon his hands went limp, he fell to his knees, then tottered onto his back, legs twitching, arms convulsing.  
It was only then that Dasen snapped out of his daze.  He stood, heart pounding, hands shaking and searched the night around him.  The sergeant and lieutenant made more dramatic if not faster recoveries.  Their swords appeared in a flash.  Sergeant Rathman accompanied his weapon’s appearance with the foulest string of obscenities Dasen had ever heard, while Andi, his face white as the cloud-obscured moon above, removed the creature from the captain’s body with one clean stroke. 
But that creature was just the beginning.  Countless more small shapes bubbled from the shadows to take the first one’s place.  They swarmed over the captain’s body, fighting among themselves for a place to feast of the dying flesh.  Andi slashed at them with his sword, but there were too many, and they soon covered the body and turned to new victims.  
“Rathman, to my side,” Andi ordered.  “Dasen, run, get out of here.  We’ll cover you.  Go!”
The sergeant joined Andi to face the creatures pouring from the trees, blocking Dasen from their advance.  They swung their swords with abandon, slashing down several of the small things with each blow, but for every one killed, two more came.  Dasen did not have any intention of fighting.  He turned to follow Andi’s orders but did not know where to go.  
  All around the clearing, the scouts were fighting and dying.  Shapes moved around the glowing fires in a wild dance.  Rangers thrashed and stabbed at the darkness around them with swords, spears, and knives.  Hordes of little lizard men fell but still more came, a seemingly endless supply.  Several of the scout’s had already been overrun, and their bodies writhed with creatures.  With no other breaks apparent in the carnage, Dasen eased himself toward one of those piles, hoping the creatures would be so absorbed that he might run past.  He was just about to make his break, when the mass of two-foot-tall creatures began to change.  Transfixed, he watched the creatures growing, merging, altering until a new creature rose from the tattered corpse and flexed its long, lean body.   
This creature was entirely different from the ones that had combined to create it.  Whereas the initial things had reached to Dasen’s knee with thin arms and legs and oversized heads.  The new creature had the size and build of a tall, lean man with powerful shoulders and perfectly proportioned arms, legs, and chest all of which sparkled in the firelight like polished armor.  It extended its arms revealing three-fingered hands that ended in flat blades.  And behind it, two shimmering metallic tails thrashed.  
Something warm and wet splattered across Dasen’s face, bringing his attention back to his immediate surroundings.  He turned and looked into the distorted face of Sergeant Rathman a few short feet away.  His eyes were popped, and his mouth was frozen in a curse.  A featureless face peeked around him.  Long fingers wrapped around his shoulders as a spiked tail pushed the rest of the way through his chest.  The sergeant released a gurgling scream as he died, but Dasen could not wrest his eyes from the creature.  There was no expression on its face, but its eyes glowed with an unnatural light that seemed to revel in the sergeant’s death.  
The glint of the creature's other tail whipping toward his head brought Dasen from his shock in just enough time to react.  He dove from the tail, rolled to the side, and clutched Sergeant Rathman's sword in a single motion.  The claws of a smaller creature ripped his shirt as he rolled, so he swung at where he had been moments before and was pleased to see the creature’s head pop from its shoulders as the blade met its neck.  
He rolled a few more times before jumping to his feet and held the sword out.  He found himself surprisingly calm and ready.  It was almost as if the battle was happening somewhere far away from him and he was only watching it.  At the same time, he felt like it was powering him, giving him focus, allowing him to do things that he would never otherwise manage.  Still, he knew that he could not fight the things in the camp.  A quick inspection showed only a few scouts still standing.  Both Andi and Sergeant Rathman were now dead.  And several of the larger creatures were rising from the remnants of the fallen.  
Dasen had no choice but to run, but where?  Then the creature was on him.  Having finished with the sergeant, it charged toward him, launching one of its spiked tails at his chest as it came.
Reacting without thought, Dasen brought the sword around to meet the tail in a crash of steel on steel that nearly shook the weapon from his hands.  But that was just the beginning.  The creature swept by him, spun, and slashed bladed fingers across his exposed back.  Dasen shot up, clutching at the unreachable gashes.  Then, with a pirouette that would have shamed a dancer from a royal troupe, the creature whipped its other tail into the back of his knees, sending him crashing to the ground.  
The creature whirled with startling grace to face its fallen foe but did not move to finish him.  Dasen expected that each heartbeat would be his last, but the creature just stood above him with its tails flailing behind it, eyes glowing in the dark night like small moons.  Searching for an explanation, Dasen turned his head and saw the shadows of small bodies.  The larger creature had set him up for its smaller brethren.  He was to be eaten alive, and all he could do was lay there and wait for it to happen. 
The sounds of screams echoed from the distance, the last of the forest masters falling.  They were the sounds of hope lost.  There was no one left to help and no chance to escape.  All Dasen could do was watch the creatures close and pray that his suffering would be short.  Heart pounding, shaking limbs paralyzed with fear, he forced his eyes closed and thought about Teth, prayed that she was safe.
The clang of metal striking metal brought his eyes open as soon as they had closed.  He turned his head in time to see an arrow fall harmlessly to the ground where it had bounded off of the creature’s metallic exoskeleton.  He felt a surge at Teth’s unseen presence but silently wished that she would run and avoid his ghastly fate.  Another sound echoed from in front of him.  This time it was the thud of a melon being hit by a hammer.  It was followed by the clatter of metal on metal as the creature fell.  
Before the body was down – an arrow quivering above its left eye – Dasen was on his feet.  Seeing their meal’s potential escape, the small creatures turned their methodic approach into a charge.  Dasen ran right at them and hurdled their outstretched arms.  He ran in the direction the arrow had come from until he identified a spectral shape in the shadow-shrouded trees.  It was waving wildly – Teth.  He sprinted toward her. 
Dasen was in the trees in seconds.  Teth emerged from the brush beside him, but he did not slow.  He could not be distracted by anything but escape.  Surely the creatures would follow.  He had to focus his energy, all this thoughts, on getting away from the camp, and that is what he did.  
He concentrated on running, on the forest, on himself – his legs, arms, lungs, and heart – and felt for the first time in his life as if he were in complete control, as if it could do no wrong.  Obstacles jumped out at him and were easily overcome.  Branches grabbed at him, and he brushed them aside.  Roots and rocks were impotent against his sure strides.  He was running faster than he ever had, and nothing seemed capable of stopping him.  
Not even fatigue could hold him in check.  His body should have been screaming for him to stop, but he could not feel it.  He registered a searing pain from what was probably his back, but he could not be sure.  The pain, like the fatigue, seemed miles away, as if his mind were no longer connected to his body, as if it were controlling the vessel from some far-off sanctuary. 
Lost in that refuge, Dasen realized that he was not only running as he never had, he was sensing the world around him in a different way as well.  He could not hope to explain it, but he could understand.  He could see the forest as a whole, not one tree, branch, bush, or rock at a time, but the whole thing.  He no longer saw the roots below his feet; he saw the place of those roots in the order of the forest, knew why they were there, how they connected to the nature around them, and what they would look like five years from now.  The forest was an open book, held no more mystery to him.  He knew its every secret, was seeing the Holy Order, looking at every stitch of its intricate tapestry.   
With that understanding, branches moved from his path, rocks and stones melted away to form a steady terrain, and bushes parted to allow his passage.  Nature itself bent to his will because it could no longer hide, could no longer hold sway over his fate.  Knowing where every whisper of wind would blow, he turned so that it always blew at his back.  Knowing where every cloud would appear in the darkening sky, he ran so that he was in constant shadow while his path was brightly lit.  Knowing how the ground beneath him had been composed, he stepped so that it sprang back and launch him forward.  Everything was revealed, and he used every scrap of knowledge to propel himself from the dreadful clearing.  
Dasen did not know what he was doing or how, but at that moment, he felt as one with the world, as one with the Order.  Not one with the Order, he realized, one above that order.  He still had freewill.  The Order did not guide him, did not force him to a path.  He could still act as he wanted, could use his freewill to manipulate the Order to his ends.  
I am the Order.  There is nothing I cannot do, no outcome that I cannot create.  With that realization, he began to trace the strands around him.  He saw the links that wove together the invading army, the creatures, the forest, and himself.  And seeing those links, he knew what he had to do to stop it.  It was so easy, a few gestures, the moving of air, the snapping of a twig, the crumpling of a leaf would start the chain reaction that would bring an end to this war.  He slowed.  It was so easy.  All he had to do was reach out his hand and . . .
Something struck him full in the back and sent him flying forward.  He hit the ground hard, smashed under the weight on his back.  The air rushed from of his lungs.  He sputtered.  
The knowledge began to fade.  He reached for it.  It was so close.  
He gasped for air, but his lungs would not fill.  Blackness was threatening to overtake him.  
So close, and it would be all over.  
His body screamed, but his lungs had no answer.  
The understanding began to shatter, pulled apart by desperation.  He struggled to hold it, to remember what he had seen, but he could not maintain it.  
Another gasp.  Air came in, but enlightenment was gone, lost like a dream. 
At that same moment, the Order wrenched back control of his body, and he knew what it was like to die.  He had recovered his ability to breathe, but his body was beyond desperation.  Every corner begged for air, ached to be replenished, rebelled against the abuse it had received.  He writhed, gasping and coughing in sputtering intervals.  It felt as if his entire body might erupt.  His stomach was heaving.  His heart felt like it would beat out of his chest.  His head was pounding.  His ears rang.  His back burned, felt torn and wet beyond the sweat that covered him.  He gnashed his teeth between coughs that bent him in half.  He would have cried out if he could have managed it through the wheezing and twitching.  
It seemed like an eternity that he lay there unable to do anything but serve the whims of his mutinous body, but the pain and coughing eventually subsided enough that he regained a modicum of control.  The thought came to him then, as if through fog, that something had knocked him to the ground.  That thought connected with the memory of the creatures. . . . 
His head shot up.  He first noticed that it was very much darker than he remembered it being.  The stars were hidden by clouds, which were spouting widely dispersed but heavy drops.  His eyes adjusted slowly to the darkness, but he did not see anything that looked like a threat, no lizardmen, no spike-tailed monsters.  He felt at his burning back, felt the torn flesh oozing red, knew he should do something about that, but his head only wanted to return to the soft ground.  His arms trembled as they held his torso suspended off the ground.  The rain fell harder, building to a downpour.   His entire body trembled with the slightest exertion, begging, insisting on rest.  
Something hit me.  Something knocked me down.  I’m bleeding.  I’m not safe.  And where is Teth?  The thoughts echoed through his mind, until the last, a question, provided the answer.  Finally, he noticed the pressure on his legs, the gasping breaths rising over the patter of the rain.  He ran his hand down and felt Teth’s wet hair, her soft cheek, and with a sigh, the blackness took him.



Chapter 32


Dasen was cold.  He shivered, reached for a blanket, hugged himself reflexively, began rolling to his side.  Pain encompassed him.  His back was on fire.  His legs cramped.  His head throbbed.  Every part of him seemed to have a complaint, and they registered them in a collective roar.  
Frozen for fear of encouraging his miseries, he gnashed his teeth and stared up at the broad leaves a few inches from his face.  Risking the movement of his head – which ignited a stabbing kink in his neck – he looked to the side.  He was surrounded by the stubby branches of an unidentified bush, its leaves stacked in layers to block any view of the sky.  He was cold and wet.  Big drops of water pounded his bare chest and ran down his stomach to the rough ground where he had slept.  But it was not rough ground that held his screaming back.  He felt like he was lying on a woolen lump that cast his head back at a horrible, kink-inducing angle.  It must be protecting the cuts, he realized.  Teth saved me again, patched me up, and pulled me under this bush out of the rain.  And all I did was sleep.  
Kicking himself, he listened for his wife.  He heard birds, the scuttle of squirrels in the trees, the dripping of water from leaves, but no Teth.  Probably hunting, getting water, foraging.  Taking care of me.  With a sigh, he cast aside his miseries, slowly rolled onto his stomach, and, in grunting shuffles, crawled from his sanctuary.
Once outside, he sat for a long moment with his blanket-cushioned back resting against a tree and watched the grey sky through the canopy of leaves high above.  He looked down at the two strips of cloth that were tied across his chest to hold the folded blanket.  The cuts that the makeshift bandage protected burned from shoulder to shoulder as if they had just been made.  
With the thought, he scanned the trees.  Maybe Teth put me under that bush for a reason.  Maybe I was supposed to stay there.  Maybe the forest isn’t safe.  Heart rate rising, he watched the trees, studied each shadow, every hint of movement for metal-clad creatures.  But there was nothing but widely spaced trees with broad trunks and great, broad canopies.
Then he heard humming.  It was coming from behind him, soft and steady, an after-thought of the hummer.  The tune was familiar, but Dasen could not place it until a few mumbled words drifting through the trees, 

So, we sang and danced and ran
Through the trees and the glen
On the day of sky and sun

Then we rested like the rest
Slept beneath the stars and
Woke to a world of mist

Dasen groaned.  How could she like that song?  "The Season of Sun and Cloud," as he knew it, was one of the sappiest, most manipulative, and most commonly performed songs in the history of traveling minstrels.  All screeching high notes and long, dramatic pauses, it told the story of two lovers who ran away when they were not allowed to be joined.  They intended to build a life in the city, but the Order punished them with an array of tragedies, and they died in the glen of a forest where two trees eventually grew twinned together.  It was meant to be sad but had become such a cliché that it was more of a joke than a tragedy.  And that was what Teth was humming?  Every time he had tried to hum a song, she had scolded him for not being quiet.  But here she was singing (very poorly) the worst song imaginable.
Building to the climax with intermittent hums and words – all of which were out of key – Teth emerged from the trees, saw Dasen, and immediately fell silent.  She blushed, red rising to banish the freckles that stretched from her nose.  “You’re awake?” she asked in surprise.  “I was just getting something for your back.”  She held up a handful of blue moss.
“The Season of Sun and Cloud?”  Dasen did not feel any more words were required.
“Shut up!  I’ll hum whatever I want.  We don’t get minstrels in Randor’s Pass very often.  We don’t have orchestras, or operas.  That’s the song I know, and I like it, so there!”
Dasen smiled.  Even through his miseries, he was happy to see Teth, and, for once, she was the one on the defensive.  “Well, that’s one thing we’ll fix when we get to a city.”
“Or maybe I’ll hire someone to sing it all day.  Over and over until you beg to be back in the forest.”  Teth stuck her tongue out, smiling around the childish gesture.  “Now come over here so I can take a look at your back.  I am mad at you, you know.”  She seemed to remember herself.  She forced the smile from her face, turning it into a frown, but she could not dispel it from her eyes.
Dasen watched her.  Her mud-streaked face was pale.  Hair was plastered across her forehead and along one cheek.  It stood in the back, longing to be tamed by the hat she had apparently lost.  Her clothes were damp and muddy, clinging to her where they were not stiff, and generously stained with blood.  Mine, Dasen realized.  Nonetheless, she was a welcome sight.  Even beyond the fact that she had saved his life yet again, he was suddenly overjoyed that she had not left him, that he would have another chance to make things right.     
Teth’s eyes caught his.  Her forced frown faded to indecision.  Her bottom lip crept under her teeth.  She looked down at herself.  “Why are you looking at me like that?” 
“I’m happy to see you,” Dasen said honestly.  “I thought you’d left me with the forest masters.”
Teth laughed.  “You can’t get rid of me that easily.  Besides, without me around who would keep saving your sorry life?  Now get over here.  I’m mad at you, so don’t push your luck.”  She tried to make her voice stern but she had neither the will nor energy for the effort.  She sighed instead, revealing the crushing fatigue that she was just barely holding at bay.  She suddenly looked like she had not slept in days.  Her eyes glazed, and she looked like she might fall asleep where she stood.  Then she snapped back, shook her head, and yawned.  Finally, she motioned to Dasen, so he slowly, painfully pulled himself up and walked haltingly to her.
“Serves you right,” she said as he approached.  "First you get yourself captured by the forest masters.  Then you tell them who I am, tell them I’m a girl.”  At this, her anger returned in earnest.  “After I specifically told you not to.  And as a result, I have to spend the whole afternoon dodging those idiots.  No food, no fire, no sitting by a tree for me.”
“So why didn’t you just come out?  So they knew you were a girl, they’re on our side.  You could have trusted them.”  The statement sent a pang through Dasen as he remembered the slaughter in the camp.  The distorted, dying faces of the officers flashed before his eyes, and he felt his knees wobble, his stomach churn.
“You alright?” Teth asked, pulling him from the horror of his memories.
“I was just thinking about what happened in the camp.  Those things . . . those . . . creatures killed them all.  Right before my eyes.  And I would have been next.  By the Order, it was . . . .”
“Stop it,” Teth commanded.  “If you keep dwelling on it, you’ll be stuck there forever.  Let it go.  They’re gone.  We’re alive, and if we want to stay that way, we can’t let the dead pull us down.”  She paused and sighed, looked like she was suddenly feeling the same remorse she had told him to ignore.  “Milne always said, ‘ghosts can either teach us or chase us, and you get to pick which.’”  She stopped again, closed her eyes, and mumbled to herself.  “In any case, they’re gone,” then under her breath, “and just as well.”
Dasen was appalled by the last.  “How could you say that?  They served the Kingdom’s loyally, had fought the invaders.  They didn’t deserve to die like that.”
Teth laughed.  “Are you always this naïve?” she sneered.  “Somehow you think all men are like you, that they are all kind and honorable, that they wouldn’t ever hurt an innocent girl they find in the forest.  Well, we’ve clearly had different experiences.”
“What did you think was going to happen?  They’re the forest masters.  They exist to protect people.”
Teth just laughed again, but it held no humor.  “Whatever you say, my husband.  I’m just a humble woman who’s lived with the bastards my entire life.  Clearly I don’t know what I’m talking about.”  With that she untied the straps that held the blanket to his back.  Unleashed, most of it fell to the ground, streaming down from where it was stuck to his back like a cape.  The pain that tugging ignited in his back cut off his attempt to ask what had happened to produce such loathing for the men who were sworn to protect her.  Clearly they didn’t like her either, but she seemed to honestly hate – and fear – them.  
“Turn around,” Teth ordered.  “Let me take a look at it.”  As soon as he did, Teth started pulling painfully where the blanket clung to his back, cutting off any attempts he made at speech.  
“This is a fine mess,” she mumbled.  “I save you yet again, and do you thank me?  No, you run through the forest like a mad man.  Did you even think that I might be trying to keep up with you, that you might get lost, might sprint off a cliff, might run yourself to death?”  She stopped and looked around him, stern eyes pounding.  “I didn’t think so.  I had to tackle you because I couldn’t keep up any longer.  Then what did you do?  You, by the cursed Order, fell asleep!  You went to sleep and left me to clean up the mess in the pouring rain.”  
She paused.  Dasen opened his mouth, but she tugged on the blanket, transforming his words to a gasp, and spoke over him.  “There was blood everywhere.  I didn't think I was ever going to get those cuts to stop bleeding, and the rain wasn't much help.  I finally just tied a blanket to your back and rolled you over.  I could barely stay awake, but I had to drag you out of the rain, tend your wounds, and make sure you didn’t bleed to death.  You’re lucky I didn’t leave you lying where you landed.”  Teth was now decidedly upset.  The joking affection from a few minutes before was forgotten in the listing of his transgressions.
Dasen remembered running from the camp.  He remembered feeling in control of his body like never before, but to have outrun Teth left him stunned.  He did not know what to say.  Despite her tirade, he was smiling.  He was so happy to see her, so happy they were both still alive that even a scolding was welcome.  
“What are you smiling about?”  Teth looked at him.  “Do you think it was funny?  Well, see how funny this is.”  
Ripping pain flashed through Dasen.  He staggered to his toes, arching his back in an attempt to escape his own body.  The pain was so sudden and absolute that he couldn’t even scream.  He gasped, clenched his teeth, and felt tears welling in his eyes.  “By the holy loving Order . . . why did you . . . Shit!  That . . . that really . . . why did you . . . ?”  Dasen was so overwhelmed that he could not even form a sentence as he staggered about the clearing with his back on fire.  
“It had to be done,” Teth said without remorse.  “I had to have the blanket off to clean it and put on the medicine.  Trust me, if those get infected, it will be a lot, lot worse.  Now sit down so I can tend those cuts.  They’re bleeding again.”
Dasen could feel that.  His entire back felt sticky and damp.  The pain had subsided, but it still burned to no end, and despite himself, tears were streaming down his cheeks.  He glowered at Teth, but she showed not the slightest remorse.  “You could . . . by the Order . . . you could have at least warned me.  Hilaal’s balls that hurt!”
“Just sit down, you baby,” Teth reprimanded.  “If you hadn’t run away so fast, if you’d have stopped before you collapsed, if you’d have stayed awake for ten minutes, I probably could have found some blue-lace moss and dressed it properly, but as it is, this is what you got.  Don’t blame me.  You brought that on yourself.  So stop whining and sit down.”
Dasen scowled at her but made his shaking way to a nearby log and sat.  
“This will kill the infection,” Teth explained as she dabbed the blue moss painfully along his back.  “It should even ease the pain.”  She worked on the cuts for a while longer, picking and dabbing at them until his teeth felt like they might crack.  Any thought he had of missing Teth or apologizing was forgotten.  “These aren’t as bad as I thought,” she eventually concluded.  “They’re such clean cuts that they should heal quickly.  You know, they’re in almost the same place as your first set.  Maybe, you should stop showing the things your back.  People are going to think you’re a coward.”  She laughed, but Dasen failed to see the humor.  He was starting to remember why he had spent the last week barely talking to his wife.  
Teth paused again, and Dasen could hear the tearing of cloth.  As she had promised, the moss had eased the pain to a dull roar, and he was beginning to recover his senses.  He wiped the tears from his cheeks, blew his nose on the ground, and took a deep, shaking breath.  When he looked back, he saw Teth ripping the small blanket apart.  
“You’re lucky I had this in my satchel,” she said.  “Otherwise, we’d probably have to use your pants, and you’re already showing more than I want to see.”
Dasen did not respond, did not feel like participating in her repartee.
She spread moss over each of the cuts, covered them with a strip of blanket, then covered the whole thing with a large square.  Finally, she created three longer strips that she draped around him.  “Here hold these,” she said as the strips fell across his chest.  Dasen held them together with his hands until Teth came around to his front.  “Now stand up, so I can tie them.”  Again he complied.  Teth came in close, head just under his chin to tie the strips.  Her bottom lip had crept under her teeth again, and she seemed uncertain.
Dasen was tempted by the proximity but was too upset at the way she had pulled the blanket off and even more at what she had said after to do anything about it.  When she had tied the knots almost painfully tight, she stood with her hand on his chest, her face mere inches from his.  It would have been the ideal time, Dasen realized, to say the things he’d planned while he was tied to the tree in the forest master’s camp.  It would have been the ideal time to kiss her, to tell her that he understood and would try harder.  But he didn’t do any of those things.  He kept his head high and thought about the easing throb of his back.
“Well, that should take care of that.”  Teth cleared her throat and stepped back into the clearing.  “Now, just leave it alone.”  She slapped his elbow to keep his hand away.
“Thanks.  I think.”  Dasen finally managed.  “I’m . . . I’m sorry I ran like that last night.  I don’t know what happened.  I . . . I wasn’t myself.  I had some kind of a . . . revelation, I guess.  I don’t really remember now, but I just felt like I could run forever.  Then you tackled me and it all came apart.  I’m also sorry about the forest masters.  I should have thought.”
Teth looked at him with a strange longing, like she wanted him to continue, like she knew that he had more to say, but he couldn’t bring himself to say anything more.  He turned his eyes to the trees.  “Do we have any water?  I am absolutely dying of thirst.”
“Ah, no,” Teth looked away.  Her voice was husky and soft.  “Almost everything we had was in your pack.  I still have my bow, a knife, and a few other things, but it’s going to be a long trip to Thoren without that pack.”  She sounded deflated but not because of the pack. 
“You know, you’re right,” Dasen began, trying to recapture some of their lost good humor.  “I should go back and get it.  I’m sure it won’t be a problem.  I’ll just walk into the camp and say, ‘excuse me blood-thirsty, chaos-worshiping demon, but you seem to be standing on my pack.’”
The joke earned a forced smile.  “Well, if we weren’t five miles away, I might consider that.  As it is . . . .”
Dasen did not hear what Teth said after that.  He was overwhelmed.  I ran five miles last night.  It felt like a mile at the most.   How fast was I going?  What happened to me? 
“So, are you coming?” Teth asked from in front of him.  Dasen snapped out of his thoughts and followed, trying to recapture what she’d just said.
“Can I have my shirt back?” he thought to ask as a chill struck him.  It was a cool, breezy morning, and the low clouds threatened more rain.
“It’s over there, if you want it.”  Teth pointed to a muddy heap at one side of the clearing.  Through the mud, Dasen could see a brown crust that he knew was blood.  The thought of wearing it was repulsive.
“I guess I’ll pass.”
“Here, you can carry the satchel.  Maybe that will keep you warm.”  Teth pulled the bag off and threw it toward him.  It felt empty, but Dasen threw it over his shoulder, keeping the bag at his front to protect his back.  
“Come on.  We’ll find some water soon enough and maybe some berries.  All I got to eat last night was dried woodchuck.  Not very appetizing or filling.”  She paused then continued almost to herself.  “We may even find the end of the forest today.  The trees have really changed, and I have to believe we’re getting close.”  
“That will be a welcome change.  We shouldn’t have any problem finding a farm.  And even if they don’t believe who we are or what we’ve seen, they’ll at least give us something to eat.”
“That’s if the invaders haven’t already taken everything they have to eat.  Or worse.”
Dasen gulped.  He suddenly remembered what Captain Hobbleswood had told him.  “The invaders were in Rycroft six, now seven, days ago,” he blurted.  “The forest masters told me.  They fought them there.”
Ahead of him, Teth took a deep breath.  “So they are going north.”  She paused as if absorbing that then shook it off.  But to Dasen, it looked like another stone added to the mountain already sitting on her back.  “There’s nothing to do about it now.  We knew that was a possibility.  In any case, I think we keep walking and see what we can see.  You agree?”
“Yeah,” Dasen sighed.  “Let’s go.”

#

Teth was dead tired.  That was all there was to it.  She could not remember the last time she had been so exhausted.  Her body was tired, muscles stiff and sore.  Her mind was tired, thoughts hazy and distant.  And her spirit was tired, downhearted and snappish.  The first two she could blame on the Dasen, but the last was her own fault entirely, and that only made it worse. 
A misty rain fell, adding to her miseries.  It had been cool and cloudy all day with the rain coming and going, but never growing above a mist.  It was just enough to keep them damp, but not enough to force them to find shelter, so they trudged on, cold and miserable.  
They walked slowly despite the relative ease of the terrain.  The forest had become entirely deciduous with big widely spaced trunks surrounded by tall grass.  There were no trails and no animals to be seen, but they had little need for either.  Though they were hungry, Teth did not bother to string her bow – she did not want to risk the shaft or string in the damp weather – so they made due with berries, wild onions, and a few plums that Dasen, of all people, had found.
Ironically, given the rain, water was still a problem.  They had found a stream hours ago, but they had nothing to carry the water, and there had been no other obvious sources since.  Teth opened her mouth hoping to catch enough tiny droplets to quench her thirst, but the mist did little more than wet her tongue.  She looked toward the leaves all around them and the tiny pools of water that had collected in them.  The only thing that kept her from drinking those pools was Dasen’s likely reaction.  She was not sure why she cared, but she didn’t have the will or energy to put up with his shock and derision.  Even if he didn’t say anything, even if he copied her, she knew what he would be thinking, that he was joined to a freak.  
He’ll always think that, Teth thought in her gloom and spared a look back at him.  His thin arms crossed his long chest, hugging himself for warmth.  Water glistened in tiny drops on the patchy hair of his chest and arms.  His long hair dripped larger beads that ran down to soak into his bandages.  He watched the trees to the side but did not seem to see them.  
Teth had snapped at him enough times over the course of the day that he was probably afraid to even look at her.  He probably missed the forest masters more than ever now that he was back in the clutches of his peevish wife.  It was those thoughts that had dominated Teth’s mood throughout the day.  But she knew it didn’t have to be that way.  That morning, he had said he was happy to see her.  He had looked at her with real fondness, had seemed on the verge of accepting her.  Until her stupid temper had ruined it all.  Milne had always said that it would be the end of her, and it had certainly been the end of any hope she had of bringing Dasen to her side.
She had been legitimately mad at him but mostly because he had made her so worried about losing him.  First, she thought she’d lose him to the bastard forest masters, then to the creatures, and finally to death.  She had barely slept for honest worry that he was dying.  It appeared those fears had been foolish, but in the dark, she had not been able to tell how bad his injuries were, and the way he had acted after the camp, she had thought that the creature’s claws might have contained another strange poison.  He had run faster and longer than she could ever remember seeing from any man.  He had run as if he would never grow tired, as if he were running on a flat road, as if he were the district champion.  And at the pace he was running, he would have been the district champion – she knew because she was the district champion.
She had only been able to catch him because he slowed, but once he had stopped, his body had revolted against the way he had treated it.  Even after he had lost consciousness, he had continued to cough and retch.  His heart had been pounding so that she could barely tell one beat from the next, and his legs had twitched for a full hour after he had stopped.  That, coupled with the gashes along his back and what appeared to be blood everywhere, had left her in a panic. 
He said something about a revelation, but she really didn’t want to know.  They had seen so many strange things that she did not want to grapple with any more unanswerable questions.  She did not want to think about the creatures, the invaders, or how Dasen could suddenly sprint five miles through the forest.  She just wanted to get away from the madness, to find something, anything normal.  
Then he woke up and was fine.  Not only fine, smiling.  And he said he was happy to see her.  In that moment, she had thought that everything would be alright, that they could pick-up where they left off.  Then he brought up the Order-cursed forest masters.  Before they showed up, she had been sure that he was on the verge of understanding, of seeing who she was and why she couldn’t be the wife his books said she should be.  On the verge, but not close enough to survive the forest masters.  With them around, she would go back to being a problem to fix rather than a person to love.  It would be the Muldon’s all over again.  So she had refused to be taken by them, refused to put herself back into that situation where her gender rather than her abilities would define what she could and could not do.  She had avoided capture easily enough, but indecision had gnawed at her – should she rescue Dasen, should she leave, should she join him?
Until the creatures came and gave her another chance.  She saw now that it had been an opportunity, that she should have taken it.  But indecision had made her cautious.  Then Dasen had started defending the bastard forest masters, and her temper had snapped.  She had ripped the blanket from his back in the most cruel possible way, had derided him, and insulted him.  And all because of something a couple of rouge scouts did almost five years ago.  Because of something, Dasen did not even know about.  Yet it had reared its ugly head, and she had taken it out on him, had ruined everything.  
Now she was so mad at herself, so tired of everything, so frustrated that she could only drive him farther away.  She had ruined it, and now it was too late.  That just left her to decide what to do when they reached the end of the forest.
 “So how much longer are we going today?” Dasen asked.  “I haven’t seen any sign of creatures.  I think we’re probably safe, and I’d love to get out of this rain.”  He tried to be casual, friendly even, but the very sound of his voice put Teth on edge.
“What, do you see a house around here somewhere?  Because barring that, we’re going to be wet either way.”  Teth’s response was short, biting.
Dasen sighed.  “Do you have any idea where we are?”  Obviously, he didn’t get the hint.
"Of course I know where we are,” Teth nearly yelled.  “Do you think I've been leading us in circles or something?"  In truth she had no idea where they were.  She hadn’t in days.  She also knew that wasn’t what he had meant, but she was too tired to control her dark mood, could only spew vitriol because that was somehow easier.  
Dasen let out a huff.  “I just meant generally.  By the Order, what’s wrong with you today?  Every time I say something, you take my head off.  Maybe you should have just left me with the forest masters.  Even those creatures seem welcome compared to this.”
“Well, next time, I will.  In fact, I can leave right now if you’re so anxious to be rid of me.”  Teth had turned, was facing him, yelling though he was only a few short feet away.  Even as she said the words they cut through her.  Wrong, all wrong, she thought but could not stop herself, could not contain her temper once it was engaged.  
Her words seemed to catch Dasen unprepared.  His head snapped, and he stammered.  “That’s . . . that’s not what I meant.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean . . . .”
“You better be sorry.  Your precious forest masters are gone.  I’m all you’ve got.  You’ve already shown that you can’t do this on your own, so you better learn to appreciate what you’ve got.”
“By the Order, Teth, why do you have to be like this?  Why does it always have to be so hard with you?  I don’t want the forest masters.  I want you.”  Dasen stopped and tried to look at her but couldn’t hold up to her hard stare.  His eyes fell to the ground, and he continued, uncertain.  “I want things back to the way they were before the Muldon’s.  I was stupid, okay.  I was wrong.  I realize that now.  Sitting in the forest master’s camp, the only thing I could think about was you.  All I could do was worry that you had left me, and it was terrible.”  He took a deep breath but did not bring his eyes from the ground, did not see her cold façade melting.  “I also realized what you’ve been trying to tell me all along.  I understand that this is who you are.  I see that you can no more become a typical wife than I can become a woodsman.  And for me to expect otherwise was cruel.  You deserve better.  I know that, but I hope you can forgive me, that you will give me another chance.  I can’t promise that it will always go smoothly, but I promise I’ll try.”  
“You stupid boy,” Teth sighed.  She closed the short distance between them, cupped Dasen’s chin in her hand, brought his eyes to hers, and kissed him.  When their mouths parted she held his face in her hands, pressed her head to his then knocked their foreheads together, “Stupid, stupid, stupid, boy,” she whispered as their heads met.  “That’s all I want.  That’s all it’s ever been about.  Why couldn’t you just say it sooner?”
Dasen drew a long breath, brought his arms around her and pulled her close.  He was cold.  She could feel the chill even through her shirt.  “I’m just slow, I guess.”
“That’s an understatement,” Teth laughed.  “Maybe next time I’ll write it down in a book.”
Dasen laughed, held her close.  “I think a book is what got me all confused in the first place.  I think I need fewer books and more time in the real world.”
“Hmmm.  Sounds good to me.  Besides books can’t do this.”  Teth kissed him again.  They stood there for a long time, alone in the middle of the forest, rain dripping from their freezing bodies, warming each other, getting more familiar with each other, more aggressive.  Until, breathless, Teth pulled herself away.  “We should find some shelter,” she suggested.  “Can you walk?”
“Um . . . yeah,” Dasen said, dazed.  “I suppose.”  He cleared his throat and stepped away, but Teth kept hold of his hand.
“I mean do you need a minute?”  Teth looked down to make her point.
Dasen blushed, red spreading from his face all the way to his shoulder and down his naked chest.  “I think I’ll manage.  It’s your fault, you know.”
“I know,” Teth smiled mischievously.  “I’ll consider it a compliment.”
 “So, am I forgiven?”
Teth’s smile grew.  She started walking again, dragging him along by his hand, fingers intertwined.  “For now, but I’m sure you’ll foul it up soon enough.” 
“Speaking of which, when we get back to the city, we need to talk about your clothes.”  
She cast him a mock scowl.  “Come on.  We have to get to your precious city before you can worry about that.”

#

They walked for a few minutes like love-struck teens.  Teth knew that she was supposed to be looking for shelter, but she couldn’t get her head into the real world.  Dasen had finally said exactly what she’d been wanting to hear since she got that terrible letter.  She was so relieved, so happy that she just wanted to grab him and squeeze him.  She contained the outpouring of her emotion to his poor hand, which she squeezed with abandon as they walked.  Somewhere, she reminded herself to wait.  It was one thing for him to say all those things here in the forest and another for him to do them when surrounded by the accusing eyes of strangers.  But, for now, she was willing to take words and promises.  She’d deal with actions when they happened.
She was so absorbed in her thoughts that she nearly walked off the cliff.  She stuttered to a stop and pulled on Dasen’s hand to arrest his momentum.  Even so, he had to pinwheel his arms to keep from tumbling down the steep hill in front of them.  She grabbed the back of his pants to steady him then brought him in close.  He did not say anything, just wrapped an arm around her shoulder and stared out at the site before them.  Teth could only gasp.
Before them was a hundred foot drop, a ridge that stretched to the sides like a torn page.  On their side of that page was a forest, trees as far as the eye could see.  On the other were rolling hills of green, green grass that spanned to the horizon.  Teth could see a few trees dotting the landscape, like small green-sailed ships on an equally green sea.  In other places, the green was dotted by the brown of a house or barn.  Near those buildings, the green had been tamed into fields, but the fields were only differentiated by the square fences that surrounded them and the precise rows of the crops. 
They had made it to the end of the forest.  Dasen had said that it would just be a few days from there to Thoren.  Teth’s stomach turned at the thought.  Would there even be a city for them to arrive at?  And if they made it there, what would happen then?  She said a silent prayer to the Order for help in either case.  
They watched the fields for a long time before Dasen broke the silence.  “Soon enough we will be sleeping in a soft bed, eating from real plates at a real table with as much as we could want.  Warm baths, clean clothes . . . .”  He relished the luxury of it, and despite her trepidation, Teth had to admit that all those things sounded wonderful.  
That was until her eyes drifted south.  She stared for a long time to be sure of what was before her, but there was no mistaking it now.  There, weaving its way across the sea of green as far as the eye could see, was a road, an endless brown snake slithering across the fields.  And the snake was alive.  It moved and shimmered in the hazy late afternoon sun that made it through the clouds above.  A constant stream of men marched along that road, as small as ants from their perch but just as numerous.  
“We are almost home, Teth,” Dasen said, but she was not listening.  She broke away from him and pointed toward the road.  The words died on his lips as he followed her finger.
“I hope we will both have homes to return to” was all she could say as they watched the army march.  The invaders were ahead of them; they would never get to Thoren before them.  
Dasen found her hand and squeezed it.  She squeezed back before they silently broke away and headed into the trees to prepare their camp.  They would have one more night in the forest, then the final run to Thoren.  Teth just hoped she would have the chance to test Dasen’s new commitment.



Chapter 33


“Still with us, are you, Jack?” Ipid morbidly joked as he emerged from the rows of bleached leather tents into the open area that housed the boys taken by the Darthur.  Though he was not sure how much it helped, Ipid encouraged the village boys to confront their misery head-on, to joke about it, to accept it and become hardened to it rather than allow it to grind them down. 
“So far, I am.”  A tall, slim young man rose from where he was crouched by a huge pit of coals and jogged toward Ipid.  His dark hair was pulled back into a matted, greasy ponytail so that his hollow cheeks and sunken eyes stood out, casting dark shadows across his face where the firelight played off of them.  His clothes were ragged, torn, blood-stained, burned, and sweat soaked.  Though he hurried to Ipid, there was a hitch in his stride where one of his shoes was coming apart.  Ipid could only imagine the blisters on his feet from the days of marching in those failing shoes.
“How about the others?”  Ipid turned his eyes to scan the other boys gathered around the cooking fires.  Their frames had shriveled over the past week.  They hunched over the fire looking warily at the tents surrounding them.  Many of them already slept despite the relatively early hour.  Their bodies were arrayed in clumps near bushes or trees, in the shadows of tents, anywhere that might afford them a few seconds to wake before they were noticed.  Those still awake stared blankly at the fire, asleep even as they sat, or spoke in furtive whispers, eyes darting constantly.   
“Everyone’s back from their chores,” Jack whispered when he reached Ipid.  His eyes scanned the tents around them.  He remained on the balls of his feet, ready for anything.  “A couple a fellas got a cuffin’, but nothin’ bad.”  Another look showed a long bruise on the side of Jack’s face – he must have been one of the boys who was hit.  Ipid’s ire rose at the sight, but he knew that anger was not the remedy.  Anger would only get them killed, so he stuffed it down and held it for a time when it might be needed.
“Any new boys?”
“Just six today.  Seems folks are moving out ‘head o’ the army.  Not many stickin’ ‘round ta get captured.  Can’t say’s I blame ‘em.”
“No, Jack, neither do I.”  Six more, Ipid thought, and no deaths.  That brought the total number of boys with this prong of the army to four hundred and fifty-three.  Too many but at least the number wasn’t shrinking.  Over the course of the past ten days, the boys had learned how to survive – if you could call it that.  Ipid had taught them enough Darthur words so that they could respond to simple commands, and they had learned what the Darthur expected of them and how to remain unnoticed as they performed those chores.  As a result, no boys had been killed for three days now.  It wasn't much, but it was a start.
As Ipid had hoped, Arin had proposed that the Darthur split their forces at Gurney Bluff into two prongs, one heading north toward Thoren, the other south toward Wildern on Orm.  As with every other proposal put to them that long and fateful day a week prior, the plan had been unanimously approved, and the army had moved out in two directions that very same afternoon.  Arin, Ipid, and many of the village boys had gone south with about two-thirds of the invaders.  In the time since, they had marched steadily toward the end of the Great Western Forest.  Riders moving ahead of the main force had brought back a steady supply of food and boys, starting with nearly two hundred head of livestock from Holstead that were promptly slaughtered and eaten by the hungry army.  
Other than the boys, food, and a few other mundane items, the Darthur showed no interest in the usual plunder – gold, silver, jewelry seemed to hold no value to them.  They killed any villagers that happened to be in their way, stole every scrap of food they could find, and took the boys as slaves, but – barring Gurney Bluff – they did not seem to seek out slaughter and, remarkable for an army this size, did not touch the women.  
Arin had once said something about warriors conserving their power for battle.  From that and other comments, it appeared that the Darthur thought that sex diminished their strength and thus remained celebrate while on campaign.  Further protecting the women, te-adeate were viewed as so far beneath the warriors that raping one would be viewed with the same disdain as a man who rapes a sheep.  And it appeared that these rules extended to the non-Darthur who accompanied the army.  In fact, Ipid knew of only one incident of a man raping a village girl.  The offender had been stripped of his weapons and thrown to the villagers to join them as a te-adeate.  The next morning, his body had been swinging from a tree.
“I brought some food.”  Ipid held out a bundle of the doughy cakes the Darthur favored as bread and the remnants of a mutton joint.  It appeared that the army was now looting enough to keep itself fed, which meant that more trickled down to the boys, but they were still starving, and Ipid brought them anything he could scavenge from Arin’s table.  This little bit would not sustain them, but it might keep a few of them going for a few more days.
“Thanks,” Jack whispered.  He motioned to one of the boys sitting by the fire.  They ranged from smooth-faced boys of ten to young men with scraggly beards and joining pendants.  They were thin and ragged except the notable few who had been captured very recently.  Those still looked plump by comparison even if they had only been peasants’ sons scratching out a subsistence while they waited for the coming harvest – even that hard life now seemed princely in comparison to life with the Darthur.  
A boy of no more than twelve darted to Ipid and relieved him of his bundles then sprinted them back to the fire.  He and the other boys who remained awake tore at the food and shoveled it into their mouths as if it might be snatched away at any moment.  But Ipid’s mind was still on the wide, desperate eyes of the boy.  No child should ever have eyes like that, and he knew that they would haunt what little sleep he managed that night.  
“. . . should prob’ly keep some fir yirself.”  Ipid realized that Jack was still talking and turned his attention back to him.  “We got a good stack from the black-robed fellas taday, and ya look like ya could use it.”  Jack caught himself and added, “No offense, sir, it’s just you’ve lost a lot o’ weight.”  
Ipid had lost most of his once sizeable paunch, and it felt as if his skin was hanging from his face, but it was more from exhaustion than lack of sustenance.  In any case, Jack’s apology was not needed because Ipid had not heard a word after the mention of the black-robed te-am' eiruh.  “The te-am’ eiruh brought you food?”  Wonder filled Ipid’s voice.  He still did not know much about the sect other than what he saw of their leader, Belab.  They were reclusive, hiding their faces and rarely speaking.  The other members of the army, including the Darthur, seemed to fear them, giving them a wide berth whenever they happened to walk through the camp.  And Belab had a strong influence on the Ashüt.  When he chose to speak, the others fell immediately silent no matter the passion they had expressed moments before, and his proposals, which typically represented the most measured and reasonable solution, were always adopted without further discussion or dispute.  
“They . . . I mean, they didn’t bring it personally,” Jack stammered.  “When the new guys came back from their testin’, they each ‘ad a bundle o’ food ta share.  They said the te-am . . . whatever gave it to ‘em.  That’s usually the case.  No offense, Lord Ron . . . I mean, Ipid.  Sorry sir, but if not for them, we’d ’ve starved a long time ago.”  Ipid flinched at the mention of his title and searched the darkened camp for anyone who might have heard – not that any of the Darthur beyond Arin would have known the word.  Jack must have noticed his reaction.  “Sorry, sir, about yir name, sir.  Sometimes. . . .”
“Don’t worry about it, Jack.  None of the Darthur would understand anyway.”  Ipid put his hand on the boy’s shoulder and started leading him back toward the fire.  “I’m more concerned about the te-am’ eiruh.  Why haven’t you told me about this?”  Ipid sounded upset, but he was more curious than angry.  He knew that all of the village boys were tested by the strange sect, but none of them could ever remember what the test entailed.  What was known was that some of the young men never returned.  No one knew what happened to them, but everyone feared the worst.  The thought sent a pang of guilt through Ipid – Rynn was one of the boys that had not returned.
“I don’t know.”  Jack was defensive.  “It didn’t seem important.  I just figured it was like the rest o’ the food we get, scraps off their table.”
“It’s alright, Jack.”  Ipid patted his shoulder.  He thought of Jack almost like another son now, and the boy seemed to respond to the attention.  Jack was the son of the shopkeeper in Potter’s Place, and under Ipid’s tutelage he had assumed leadership of the village boys that had accompanied this arm of the Darthur.  He was a clever boy, well-liked by the others, and mature beyond his years.  He was able to lead the other boys without seeming like he was better or a taskmaster.  He responded well to Ipid’s suggestions but was confident enough to make his own decisions when necessary.  In all, Ipid liked him very much and tried to convince himself that it had nothing to do with his similarities to Dasen.  “You are right to take anything you can get.  Just be sure to think about the strings that are attached.”
“Right now we’d practically take it if it’s connected to an ‘angman’s noose.”
“Fair enough.”  Ipid gave a hearty laugh that made the gathered boys jump.  Their eyes searched the tents to see if the sound had drawn the attention of their masters.  Such a cruel world, Ipid thought, where boys must be afraid of laughter.
 “Did anybody see anything useful today?  Did the new boys bring any tidings from the outside world?” Ipid changed the subject.  And silently hoped that his son would not be part of the news.  Thus far there had been no sign or word of Dasen.  Ipid continued to believe that he was safe, but he worried every night that he would arrive at the fire and see Dasen staring back at him with those same haunted eyes.  
“Te-adeate Ipid!”  A booming voice echoed over the camp before Jack could answer Ipid’s question.  With the sound, every boy in the area, including those that had been asleep a second before, bounded to his feet and started working on something.  The Darthur did not believe the boys should ever rest and would punish them if they saw them sleeping or sitting.    
Ipid spun to find the intruder but kept his eyes down to avoid the warrior’s gaze.  “I am here but to serve and learn,” he called back as soon as he identified the large man walking toward him.  It was Turgot, one of Arin’s regular guards.  He was an extraordinarily stupid man, but he was not cruel without purpose, and Ipid was used to his summons.
“Come.”  
Ipid wondered if it was the only word Turgot knew but fell in behind the warrior without looking back at the boys.  They expected nothing less.

#

Ipid followed Turgot through the rows of tents surrounding what had once been the village of Greenspot.  It was a sizable town situated just to the east of the forest and seemed well named given the lush fields of wheat, corn, and beans it was tucked between.  The army had emerged from the forest the day before, after an extra day spent in Holstead while outriders secured the villages ahead and dispatched the garrison in Elmvale to the south.  
At their current pace, it would be another week before they reached Wildern on Orm, the capitol of the Kingdoms, but to this point the army had faced no resistance and none seemed likely until they reached the Kingdoms’ largest city.  The advanced units that secured the roads ahead of the main force had reported only abandoned farms and villages for the past few days.  Even Elmvale had been empty when the riders came, the garrison there having pulled out days before – as fast as those riders moved, word of the invasion moved faster.  
Of greater concern to Ipid was the northern arm of the Darthur.  According to the daily briefings Arin somehow received from the army that was several days hard ride away, they were supposed to arrive outside Thoren today.  
Ipid could only imagine that those updates were carried by the flying creatures.  The thought sent a shiver down his spine.  Over the course of the past week, he had seen dozens of the things in the skies over the army.  He had also seen hordes of similar non-flying creatures, but those stayed well away from the main army, mostly slinking through the forest parallel to the roads, and no one ever approached them.  He could understand why the soldiers were wary.  The creatures he had seen looked like cruel aberrations that were singularly designed for destruction.  The te-am’ eiruh were the only ones who would go near the things, and the common soldiers seemed to fear the strange sect of men even more than the creatures.  
One of those creatures must have arrived with news from the north, Ipid thought.  That explained the summons.  Ever since they had split the army, Ipid’s every spare thought – of which there were few – had been on Thoren.  It would be the site of the first true battle in the war.  And though, the city would never hold against the Darthur, it was not defenseless.  Most important, it would take time to capture.  And that time was critical.  It could allow the Kingdoms to move people and supplies out of the invaders’ path, for the Morgs and Liandrians to muster, for word to spread and the world to prepare.  To that end, Ipid had tried to build up Thoren’s reputation in Arin’s mind, lauded its defences, and exaggerated the size of its pathetic garrison in a hope that the young leader would opt for caution, a protracted siege, maybe even negotiations.  Yet Arin had asked him almost nothing about the city to this point, and when Ipid offered, he seemed entirely disinterested.  Maybe that would change now that the army had arrived, so Ipid ordered his thoughts, prepared the subtle deceptions that would buy his world the time it needed.  
Walking up the slight hill that housed Greenspot, his eyes drifted over the sea of flickering fires stretching as far as he could see into the nearby fields like the night sky reflected in a dark pool.  Despite the fact that it had already split once, the army filled every field and farm within sight.  A few hours before, it had looked like a great patchwork quilt spread across the countryside.  Each of the dozen vassal armies that accompanied the Darthur appeared to have their own customs that dictated not only their tents but also their uniforms, weapons, leadership, and marching formations.  It gave the army a makeshift appearance, but Ipid knew that it was only that.  The leaders of those units reported daily to Arin and the Ashüt – four of them were te-ashüte – and from what Ipid had seen, Arin knew everything about those forces.  He was also always respectful of their leaders, and they appeared to return the respect with loyalty.  Still, Ipid was waiting to see what would happen to the patchwork army over the course of a long campaign.  The vassals made up the great majority of the invading army, and if he could turn them against the Darthur or sow dissention between them, it might be enough to tear the entire army apart.
A moment later, they arrived at a huge stone inn standing in the center of the town.  Turgot signaled Ipid to stop then stepped into the common room and announced him with an unnecessary bellow.  Ipid followed as soon as he heard Arin’s approval and spared a downcast look around the room.  It had been cleared except for a single long table.  Around it were enough chairs for every te-ashüte but only four were occupied.  He was shocked to see the black robe and cowl that defined Belab in one of them.  The te-am eiruh leader was influential, but Arin did not like him and never invited him to his late night strategy sessions – Ipid sometimes wondered if Arin ever slept.
Ipid was still trying to understand the implications when Arin looked up from the map before him.  His eyes were cold, and he looked tired.  "Te-adeate Ipid, I have an important task for you.”  Arin spoke in Darthur with a hint of frustration.  It was unusual from the stern man, who prided himself of being in absolute control of every situation.  “Your success may decide the fate of all the people in this country you call your home."  
At Arin’s side, Thorold’s braided hair swung almost imperceptibly, betraying his disapproval.  Arin caught the movement out of the corner of his eye and glowered at his uncle.  Thorold’s head snapped to an immediate stop.  The exchange put Ipid on guard.  He had never seen Thorold disagree with Arin.  Something important was happening, and Ipid’s mind stretched to capture every scrap of information that floated around the room.
He was so intent on deciphering those messages that it took a small grunt from Arin before he realized that he was expected to respond.  Quickly recovering, he bowed nearly to the floor.  "It is my duty to serve and learn so that one day my children's children will know the honor of being Darthur."  It was a well-practiced phrase.  The Darthur was perfect.
“Humph” was Arin’s only response, but a small smile formed on the lips of the fourth man, a giant even by Darthur standards named Kurion.  Ipid did a double take.  Kurion had been made the commander of the northern army, so he should have been at Thoren.  Ipid could only imagine the creature that had carried the seven-foot-tall, three hundred and fifty pound warrior on its back over a hundred miles.  
 “You remember talk of Eroth Amache, Battle of Testing?"  Ipid was taken back by the question not because of its content, but rather its mode.  Arin had spoken in the Imperial tongue, something he never did while other Darthur were present.
“I . . . I remember,” Ipid stammered in his native language.  As he said it, he racked his brain for the forgotten term.  
"North army has arrived Thoren,” Arin continued in Ipid’s language.  “The Ashüt voted for Eroth Amache at Thoren.”  Ipid’s mind was now moving.  He remembered the discussion and resulting unanimous vote, but it had been one of many unanimous votes during the long Ashüt meeting.  At the time, he had been lucky to make any sense of the complex proposals and failed to make the connection when Arin told him about the custom several days later.  Now the pieces were starting to fit together.  He felt his blood turn cold.  His stomach sank.
“Kurion sends messages to Thoren, but leaders drive away.  If they no hear messages, how will they know to be on honor field for test?  If they are not there to fight, there will be no test.  Your people, all people of Unified Kingdoms, will be te-nuator, those with no honor.  By Darthur law, they will be killed, all of them, man, woman, child, you, your boys, all.  Your cities will burn.  The stories will forget you.”
Arin’s eyes bored into Ipid, but he was frozen.  He could not believe what he was hearing.  He now remembered the conversation about the Battle of Testing.  It was held whenever the Darthur encountered a new nation or people to judge the honor of those people and determine their position in the Darthur social hierarchy.  It was held on an open field – the Darthur considered it dishonorable to fight from behind walls – and lasted exactly two hands of sun.  After that time, the two sides would withdraw and determine the status of their opponents.  That status, Ipid had thought, ranged from te-adeate all the way to full membership in the clans – that is why some of the non-Darthur peoples were represented in the Ashüt.  Once that status had been determined, either side could surrender and assume its position in the other’s ranks or continue fighting, but no matter the outcome of future battles, the people – all the people, no matter how many had participated in the original battle – would have the same status.  Arin had never mentioned what happened if a nation refused to participate in the battle, and Ipid had not even considered that genocide would be the answer.
The implication struck Ipid like a board between the eyes.  He could only stare dumbfounded at Arin in a manner that was certainly not appropriate to his standing.  There was no chance that the leaders of Thoren would leave the walls of their city to meet a vastly superior force on an open field.  Nothing Arin could say would convince them.  They would bring down the wrath of the Darthur.  The bodies would form piles that rivaled the mountains these monsters had crossed.    
“But . . . but I thought that our status was already . . .,” Ipid managed to stutter.
Arin’s hand slammed down on the table.  “Do not ever question me!” he whispered with the force of a scream in Darthur.  “The current judgment only holds until there is a real testing.  There was no battle in your pathetic village.  It is an insult to suggest that was a test of my people or yours.”  Arin’s harsh words and tone drove his frustration home.  Ever since Gurney Bluff, he had been far less stern.  He and Ipid often spoke candidly, and Ipid seldom had to follow the oppressive te-adeate customs of submissiveness and unquestioning obedience, but this was a situation altogether different.  
“I apologize for. . . .”  Ipid started in Darthur, but Arin cut him off with his hand pounding on the table.
“Silence!”  He did yell this time and rose from his chair.  “You will convince the people of Thoren to be on the field of honor at the third sunrise or none of you will see the fourth.”  
Arin sighed and fell back into his chair looking deflated.  “Belab will arrange for you to be in Thoren before the dawn.  Kurion will ensure that you have an escort to the city.  That is all.”
Ipid shook as he bowed.  He had never seen Arin rattled.  He was nearly mechanical in his lack of emotion, unbending confidence, and single-minded determination.  It was startling to see such a change.  He knew he should be happy to see the young leader show some weakness, but it had the opposite effect.  Over the past weeks, he had come to depend on Arin’s stability like a rock he leaned against.  Even if he detested that rock, finding it coming loose was a shock.
A quick glance at Kurion and Thorold further destabilized that support.  They sat frozen as statues, but their deep frowns showed that they did not approve of what had just happened.  It was the first time Ipid had seen either of them express even the slightest displeasure with Arin’s decisions.  Ipid had been around the Darthur long enough to know what that meant.  The Darthur were entirely dictated by the strictures of custom.  Arin must be acting outside those strictures and paying a political toll to do so.  
He doesn’t want this either, Ipid realized.  Not because of the lives that will be lost.  No, this conversation, my presence here, is because this slaughter would end any chance he has of conquering the East.  It would turn every man, woman, and child into a soldier against him and focus every nation on the singular goal of destroying his demonic tribe.  If the cost were not so high, Ipid would almost appreciate such an outcome. 
"We should go.”  Belab clasped Ipid’s arm and brought him up from his trembling bow.  Ipid stood and allowed himself to be led from the inn.  He was reeling, mind overcome by the implications of what he had just witnessed, but cool mist hitting his face brought him back.  “Do you mind if I hold your arm?”  Belab’s voice was a soft rasp but warm and friendly like a grandfather speaking to a favorite child.  Still, the words were spoken in the strange language that Belab and the te-am’ eiruh used, and it unnerved Ipid.  “While we are like this no one will hear our words.”  
Ipid nodded and glanced at the hand holding his arm.  It was wrinkled, white, and generously spotted with the blemishes of age.  Yet, it felt warm, and the grip was soft, almost reassuring.  
“How. . .” Ipid started then caught himself.  “Most honorable teacher, may I, your most unworthy student, ask a question?”  He spoke the familiar phrase in Darthur out of habit.
“There is no need for such protocol with me.”  Belab chuckled.  “I am part of this company, but I am not Darthur.  What is your question?”
Ipid searched the cowl for Belab’s eyes or some indication of his features, but in the dark, misty night there was no hope of that.  He realized that he didn’t have anything more than a shadow marred sketch of his face.  He had always assumed that he was old but not ancient given the seeming ease of his movements, but his hand suggested otherwise.  He had also guessed he would be harsh and derisive given how the other te-ashüte treated him, but he seemed genial and unassuming.  He had not spoken with Belab prior to this, but for some reason, he had never trusted him or his followers.  Perhaps it was because of their seclusion, perhaps because of their strange dress, perhaps because of the creatures they tended, but most likely it was because everyone else in the army seemed so wary of them.  Now that he was speaking with Belab, however, those things seemed inconsequential, and he found himself strangely drawn to the man.  
“I know it is a lot to take,” Belab began when Ipid did not manage to form a question.  “This custom has caused more suffering than you could imagine.  My own people refused to fight the Darthur when they came upon our city.  We were peaceful religious leaders similar to your counselors.”
Ipid stopped at the reference to counselors.  It seemed strange coming from Belab.
“Do not worry.”  Belab chuckled again and patted Ipid on the arm with his free hand.  “I know a great deal about your side of the Devil’s Teeth, or Clouded Range as you call them.  Our people have long studied the ancient world and kept histories dating back to the times before your great Valatarian.  Our studies allow us to use certain powers, but we swore an ancient oath to never again use those powers in war.  We also keep the stoche as the Darthur call the lost creatures, the tal’ ladorim in our language.  They were cast out of your world, but we took it upon ourselves to watch over and protected them, swearing to never again expose them to war.  
“Then the Darthur came, and everything changed.  They emerged from the wild lands of the far west and swept across our world.  The nations on our side of the mountains never banded together, so Arin was able to take them one at a time.  Most pledged their allegiance to him as soon as they had been tested, making the Darthur continuously stronger.  We did not claim to be a nation, but rather a part of all nations, and we had sworn a pledge of peace in ancient times.  But Arin would not bend, and neither could we.”
Belab stopped abruptly and turned to face Ipid.  They were almost to the side of the village that the te-am’ eiruh had claimed, but Ipid was so enthralled by the story that he did not notice that the tents had cleared, leaving a large open space between the army and the te-am’ eiruh.  When he had Ipid’s attention, Belab brought his thin hands to his hood, pulled it back over his head, and stepped so that the light of the village was on his face.  He was, in fact, a very old man with heavy wrinkles that stacked upon each other in an impossible multitude and wispy grey hair that stood out from his head and face in a wild array, but even through the wrinkles, Ipid could see the scars that cut across his face from either side in a great X.  He could not restrain a gasp at the gruesome sight.  
“Many of our order suffered such fates at the hands of the Darthur.”  Belab pulled the hood back over his head and started back toward the buildings that housed his people.  “Most of us were already dead when I succumbed to my anger and fought.  Those that remained joined me, and fight we did.  We were few and not mighty with weapons, but we have powers dating to the time of creation, and the stoche are truly fearsome when unleashed.  We inflicted great casualties on the Darthur, but there were too few of us by then, and we were eventually subdued.  
“Those that fought were spared the Darthur wrath in exchange for our oath to serve them.  The rest of our order was slaughtered.  Our holy city was burned.  Our libraries were destroyed.  We were forbidden to speak the names of those who had fallen.  We were made a people without a home, without a history.  It is the same fate that will befall your people if you do not succeed.”
Belab stopped at the door of a large house and turned to Ipid before stepping in.  “We wear black as a reminder of the betrayal to our oath and cover our faces to hide them from those who had the courage to die.”  He paused in what seemed a somber moment.  “I know that you are suspicious of us, and that is why I have told you this.  Know, however, that we are all slaves of the Darthur in one way or another.  Arin relishes nothing but conquest.  He does not care for gold or women or knowledge.  Only power drives him.  Your people mean nothing more to him than a means to an end.  He passes down the judgments based upon what is most convenient for his campaigns.  Here and now, he needs food and slaves.  A judgment of te-adeate allows him to take those.  Moving forward, he needs vassals that will provide him with men and supplies.  That is why he wants this battle.  You will have to give it to him, but know that it plays directly into his hand.”
Ipid was absorbing everything he could of what the old man said.  He would work through it later to see what of it he trusted, but for now, he just listened.  
Finally, Belab placed a hand on his shoulder.  “Do not worry.  Arin will not always succeed.  He is young and brash, and there is much maneuvering behind the scenes of those well-orchestrated meetings.  Arin does not know how tenuous his hold on power is, and without him, the Darthur army will quickly collapse.  One day soon, he will trip and we will all win our freedom.”  
Ipid could not help but to smile.  It was as if Belab was speaking to his heart.  He could not be sure, but it felt like the old man was smiling as well behind his cowl.  
“I will leave you now.  Another of our order will see to your transport.  Just remember, remain patient and wait for your opportunity.  I will be in touch when I can, but Arin suspects me always, so he will be suspicious if I am seen near you.”  
Belab turned, opened the door of the house, and started inside.  As he went through, he stopped.  “For the sake of your people, do not fail in your mission, Lord Ronigan.”
Ipid stood on the stoop not even noticing the misty rain that was soaking through his woolen shirt.  There was so much to think about that it took several seconds before he realized that Belab had used his title calling him ‘Lord Ronigan.’  How could the old man know his position?  For a second, that worried him.  Did Arin know?  No, he would have made use of such information by now, so why did Belab know, and why did he mention it now?  
Puzzles on top of puzzles, he thought as he pondered Belab’s words.  Ipid knew enough to never trust the motives of powerful men.  They were almost always hiding larger agendas, trying to exert their influence.  It was their nature.  To this point, Ipid had been so focused on military strategy that he had nearly forgotten politics.  Belab’s whole purpose was to remind him that there was more than one way to bring down the Darthur, to focus him on the political as well as the martial.  He chastised himself for not seeing that sooner.  
The opening of the door broke Ipid’s thoughts.  He jumped slightly, half-expecting something horrible to emerge from the house, but a small figure was there instead.  The figure was clothed just as Belab had been but was smaller and straighter than the old man with disheveled robes hanging off of a lanky frame.  Ipid bowed to the new arrival – a habit that had been literally beaten into him by the Darthur.  
The small figure released a laugh that could only be described as a giggle.  “No lord has ever bowed to me,” said a decidedly feminine voice.  “I will see to your transport, Lord Ronigan.”
Ipid was shocked.  He looked deep into the cowl – the voice was that of a young woman – but could not see anything through the hood.  The figure reached out a small hand and took hold of his.  The hand was soft, supple, and delicate but ice-cold – it seemed to draw the very life from him.  
“Does it surprise you that there are women among us, Lord Ronigan?”  The hood turned toward him, looking up into his eyes, but he could not see anything through the shadows.  “We do not discriminate in our order.  Though there are few women with the gift, we have our place.”  
The cowl remained locked on him, and he felt as if he were being carefully analyzed.  “Come.  We must depart.  The sun will be rising sooner than you think, and you have much to do.”  The small figure turned and led him through the last houses of the village toward a small stand to trees.  
“How will we get to Thoren?”  Ipid recovered enough of his senses to ask his most pressing question, though a thousand others were waiting on his lips.  Ever since Arin had suggested that he would be at Thoren before the dawn, Ipid had known the answer to that question.  The only way it was possible was for him to ride one of the creatures.  The thought terrified him.  Despite what Belab had said, the stoche were gruesome beasts, and he could not imagine the horror of flying through the night on the back of one of the terrible things.
“I will see to your transport,” the woman repeated.  “Do not worry.  The Belab has asked that you be treated with special care.  Come now and remain quiet.  We do not want to disturb the tal’ ladorim, stoche as you know them.  They can be temperamental at night.”
Ipid opened his mouth to ask another question, but the woman cut him off.  “Please,” she said with a small motion and squeezed his hand, which was still trapped in her icy grasp.  Her voice was so sweet and soft that Ipid could not help but visualize her as young and beautiful, and after two weeks of the company of men, he found her presence strangely alluring.  At the very least, he had no desire to upset her or draw the attention of the creatures, so he bit his tongue.  
The woman led him into the dark grove.  As she walked, she whispered strange words under her breath, which were coming decidedly faster.  Ipid shared her fear.  His heart was pounding so that she could probably feel it through his hand, and he could barely breathe.  Their pace was painfully slow.  Ipid wanted to run, to be done with this nightmare, but his guide led him at a methodic march.  His legs trembled, but the path they followed was smooth, and he did not stumble, though he wanted to collapse.   
All around them, dark shapes stirred in the murky shadows.  There was a rustle in the trees and the crackle of feet over dried leaves.  Hisses, grunts, and growls intermingled with the crunch of foliage, the patter of the rain, and the thump of feet.  Just enough light from the nearby buildings made it through the trees to glint off of teeth and talons.  The grove was alive.  Everywhere, the creatures moved and shifted around them.  They were inches away on every side.
There was a scamper of feet on the trail in front of them, a gasp from beside him.  The grip on his hand tightened.  Ipid’s eyes spun around at the same time a black shape reared up before them.  The te-am’ eiruh woman held her hand out to block the creature, which had four arms extending from a serpentine body.  The thing stood twice as high as Ipid.  An array of claws sparkled at the end of each of its arms.  A cavernous mouth opened toward them revealing more angular, glistening shapes.  Ipid’s breath caught.  His head spun and knees shook. 
“Do not move,” the voice at his shoulder warned.  “It will not hurt you as long as you are with me.”  His guide traced symbols with her free hand and whispered strange words.  Her hand clenched his tightly, but he barely noticed.  His heart felt like it would pound through his chest.  
“Go now!” the woman commanded in the strange language that Ipid could understand but not use.  
The creature hesitated and made a mocking lunge toward Ipid.  The feint almost sent him to his knees, but the grip on his hand gave him courage, and he stood his ground, straightened his posture, and raised his chin.  The creature hissed an indecipherable string of what might have been words, seemed to bow slightly, and scurried into the trees out of sight.  
Ipid released the breath that he had not realized he was holding and gasped to restore his supply of air.  That was as close as he had ever been to one of the stoche and as close as he ever wanted to be.  He could not imagine what it would be like to ride one.
“I am sorry for that.”  His guide gave his hand another squeeze.  “They are playful more than anything but can be dangerous if you do not know how to handle them.  They should not cause us any further trouble.  Come now.  We are almost there.”  Despite the assurance, Ipid could still see the things moving through the trees all around them, some of them just inches away.  One swipe of a claw could end his part on this world, and his watery legs barely carried him to the small clearing where they finally stopped.  
In the clearing, the woman let go of his hand, but Ipid did not.  “I need my hands now, Lord Ronigan.”
“Of course.”  Ipid released her but did not stray far from her side as she walked to the center of the clearing and began a slow chant.  
Ipid assumed that she was summoning the creature that would carry them to Thoren.  He searched the sky, anxiously watching for the thing, but the sky held only black clouds and misty rain.  A glance around the clearing showed that the trees were filled to bursting with unnatural shadows.  Eyes, claws, and teeth sparkled everywhere but nothing broke the sanctuary of the clearing.  Ipid concentrated on remaining calm.  He desperately hoped that the pleasant young woman would travel with him and was not sure that he would be able to make the journey without her no matter how many lives were at stake.  
He looked back toward his guide and realized that her chanting had stopped.  He scanned his surroundings for the creature she had summoned.  None appeared.  The woman took his hand in her ice-cold grip and pulled him forward.  He complied mechanically before looking at their destination.  
There, standing before them, was something more terrifying than any creature.  Ipid blinked his eyes to be certain it was not an illusion of the dark, misty night, but he could see signs of the forest jutting out around the disk of black to offset it from its surroundings.  Staring with disbelief, he realized that the disk did not actually have a set shape.  It churned and throbbed, in constant flux but without any pattern or rhythm.  Within the thing were a mélange of swirling images jumbled together like a tornado.  Black upon black the images were utter chaos, defined only by their disregard for order or logic.  
They were almost on top of the vortex when Ipid finally overcame his shock and planted his feet to stop his progress toward what could only be his doom.  He wanted to scream but could not draw the breath it required. 
The woman’s hand moved to his wrist, becoming a manacle.  He shook his arm but could not break the iron grip.  His mind raced with fear.  The only explanation was that she meant to kill him.  No living thing could pass through that manifestation of chaos incarnate and survive.  He tried again to break the grip, but it did not waver, and despite her slight build, the small woman pulled him nearer and nearer to the chaos before them.   
His guide stepped into the black shape.  Ipid tried to resist.  He dug his heels into the wet forest floor, but his legs had lost their power.  Crying with fear, he saw himself inching toward the thing; the woman was simply too strong.  His knees buckled, his strength failed, and he lost his footing.  The hand on his wrist responded with a yank, and he fell headlong into the swirling darkness.  
Bone-numbing cold greeted him, followed just as quickly by skin-charring heat.  He was torn apart bit by bit only to feel the bits come crashing back together in a raging explosion.  The disk closed around him to form a vortex of horrifying images.  That vortex tore him apart, stretched him, smashed him, made him a part of its frenzied dance until the images collapsed to a common source and fell upon him.  There was a terrible clap of power, and it all disappeared.
Ipid opened his eyes slowly and found himself lying on the ground in a spot that looked much like the one he had just left.  He wondered what that trial had been as he lifted himself to trembling knees.  It took several seconds for his eyes to focus, but when they did, everything was wrong.  Not a cloud obscured his view of the moonless sky, not a drop of rain fell.  In the distance was a sizeable town.  Tents surrounded the buildings by the thousands in innumerable sizes and configurations, but there were no trees.  Beside him was the same hooded figure that had pulled him through the vortex.  
He cringed back from that shadowed cowl and struggled to find his feet, but it was all too much for him to take.  He fell back to the ground and did not rise again.



Chapter 34


“Time to wake, Lord Ronigan.” 
A soft voice and a gentle pressure on his chest roused Ipid from the deepest, most relaxing sleep he could remember having had in the past two weeks.  His eyes opened slowly, and the pressure on his chest moved to his forehead where he felt a cold, but soft, hand pressed against his brow.  
“I hope you are feeling better,” a woman’s voice said from near his side.  “You do not appear to have any lingering effects, but the first time you experience the sie-eium taloru, it can be quite disorienting.  I am sorry that I was not better able to prepare you.”
The hand left his brow, allowing his eyes to open and focus on its owner.  Standing next to his bed – he was lying in a luxurious feather bed – was a small woman in a black robe.  The woman was bent so that her face was just above his, but she was not much higher than the tall bed and thin like a small bird.  The hood of her robe was thrown back to reveal delicate features.  She had ruddy, full cheeks that surrounded a pert nose and round, red lips.  Her face was framed by a wild mass of frizzy almost white-blond curls that complemented her snow-white, porcelain-smooth skin, but starkly contrasted with her large, liquid, deep-brown, almost black, eyes.  Small wrinkles radiated from the corners of her eyes, and there was a slight sag in the rounded cheeks that suggested that she was somewhat older than she initially appeared – perhaps nearing forty.  Yet, she showed all the slimness of youth with a long neck that led down to what appeared to be a slight frame off of which her robes literally hung.
Seeing that he was awake, the woman took a step back and returned to her full height, which, though proud, was not much over five feet.  Her hand, having abandoned Ipid's head, found his and took it in an ice-cold embrace.  That icy grip was enough to trigger Ipid’s memories, and they rushed back in a wave.  
Overcome by the horror of those memories, Ipid retracted.  He lunged away so hard that he did not have time to gather his bearings and did not realize how small his bed was.  Rather than retreating to the other side of the bed or against a protective wall, he found himself teetering on the edge of the mattress with momentum against him.  The cold hand held him suspended for a split second, but its tiny owner had no chance of supporting his more substantial weight.  Ipid tumbled to the wooden floor, narrowly missing a small nightstand with his head.  The floor was unforgiving, but his rump and shoulder caught most of the blow without serious damage, and it was only a second before he was on his feet with his hand out to defend himself from the small woman, who was rounding the bed and closing on him with her hands outstretched.
“Are you alright?” she asked with concern.  “I did not mean to startle you.”
“Stay back!”  Ipid pushed himself into a nearby corner without noticing that he was wearing nothing more than his underclothes.  
The woman stopped and took a step back but did not appear offended by his posture.  She smiled knowingly and looked him up and down.  “Am I so horrific a creature to cause such fright?  A powerful lord like you so easily frightened by someone so small as me.”
Ipid’s guard began to relax – if she had wanted to hurt him, it was doubtful that she would have gently roused him first.  He also realized how he must look, cowering nearly naked in a corner.  To solve one of those problems, he snatched the patterned quilt off of the bed and wrapped it around his shoulders.  The barrier was not enough to keep him from assuming a bright shade of scarlet.  
The woman’s smile grew at his embarrassment.  “Do not be so modest.  How do you think you got that way?”
Ipid added another layer of red at the connotation.  “I don’t care about that,” he lied and gave it away by pulling the quilt even tighter around his body.  “I want to know what you did last night to bring me here.  That . . . that . . . portal, or whatever it was, was out of a nightmare.  Why should I believe that you are not from that same nightmare?”
“Such accusations,” the woman mocked offense.  “Just because I am capable of doing things that you cannot explain does not make me or the things I do evil.  I have, after all, transported you to your destination.  I have given you a chance to save your people.  Should it not be the end rather than the means that you use to judge me?”
She turned her back and walked to a small chair at the opposite end of the room.  From there, she lifted a set of clothing and carried them to the bed.  “Here.”  She looked like she was trying to keep her eyes diverted, but Ipid saw her furtive glance dart toward him as she sat the clothing down.  “You can dress if you are so embarrassed.  Among my people we do not have such shame of our bodies, but if it makes you more comfortable, I will turn around.  I will also answer any questions you have while you are dressing and while you break your fast.”  She gestured toward a plate sitting on a small table at the other side of the bed.  It held two fried eggs several fat sausages and a large piece of toasted bread that had been generously slathered with butter.  Ipid almost dropped his blanket at seeing the feast.  “But when you are finished eating, our conversation must end.  You need to be on your way.  Already the morning is fading, and you have much to accomplish this day.”  The small woman smiled and looked him up and down one more time before turning and walking to the other side of the room where she stared out a small window.  
When he was certain that she could not see him, Ipid took the blanket from around his shoulders and grabbed the woolen pants and shirt that he had worn the night before.  As he pulled the pants on, he tried to decide where to start his questions.  “So where are we?  You said that you had taken me to Thoren.  Are we actually in the city?”
“We are in a town near the city known as Wilmont.  This is where the Darthur camp is located.  It is only a short ride to the city.”
“So we traveled two hundred miles in one instant last night?”
“Yes.”  
“How is that possible?”  Ipid was lacing the leather thong that held the top of his rough shirt closed.  “I was certain that we would be riding one of the stoche, but then you created that thing . . . that portal.”  The thought sent a shiver up his spine and restored his trepidation.
“I do not think you would have liked riding a tal’ ladorim.”  The woman giggled.  “I don’t know if anyone has ever tried that before, but I can’t imagine any of them being very receptive to the idea.  No, I created a ‘portal’ as you called it.  That is probably the best term for it.  It brought us to a field close to the city.  From there, some of my fellows carried you here.”
Ipid sat on the bed to pull on his socks.  “What was that portal?  How were you able to create it?”
“That is a question that I could never answer in the time we have.  Even if I explained it to you, it would only add to your confusion.  Suffice it to say that we, the te-am’ eiruh as the Darthur call us, have a great variety of powers that have long been forgotten in your world.  They are an ancient art, a gift to humans from one of our creators, Hilaal we call him.  Our people have long maintained the study of those powers, protecting them and Hilaal’s creatures from the persecution of those who could not understand.”
Persecution by the Church, Ipid thought.  Hilaal was the brother of Hileil, the creator of the Order.  Hileil was a god of order and understanding.  Hilaal was a god of destruction and chaos.  He was the devil.  It was Hilaal, in his jealousy over what his brother had created, that introduced chaos to the world and brought about the rise of the Lawbreakers that were exiled by Xionious Valatarian.  
Legendary scriptures said that Hilaal gave his followers the ability to break the laws of the Holy Order.  The result was a terrible time of war between those who followed the Order and those who could break it.  That war raged until Valatarian formed the Church and established the laws that aligned his followers to the Order.  He was thereby able to turn the Order against the Lawbreakers and cast them from the world.  Most people did not believe those scriptures any longer.  Hilaal and his followers were little more than boogiemen that were used to frighten children.  Even the Church had disavowed the scriptures as metaphor.  But after last night, Ipid was not so sure.  He wondered if the Darthur were somehow descendants of the evildoers from those stories, if those stories were real.  The thought nearly overran him until he could only stammer.
“I know what you are thinking.”  The woman’s voice brought him back from the brink.  She turned from the window.  Ipid gawked at her before he realized what he was doing and turned to his shoes.  “Yes, we are the ones that were cast out by your great hero, Xionious Valatarian.”  The name was said with obvious distaste.  “Yes, we worship Hilaal and what you would call the power of chaos.  Yes, we are the Lawbreakers, the Exiles of your legends.  Yes, wars were fought.”  Her voice sounded cold and bitter as if she had been wronged, as if it were Ipid’s fault.  
He was put back by the tone, but when the woman saw his expression, her face softened and so did her words.  “I should not be so brusque.  These are old wounds, which were long ago forgiven.  Our people forgave yours for their prejudices and learned to live in peace.  More than your church can say, I might add.”  
Ipid watched the woman warily as she approached and took a seat on the opposite side of the small table where the breakfast sat.  She motioned for him to sit, but he was frozen by her words.  All his life, the Church had taught him to fear the temptations of chaos that the Exiles embodied.  The thought of those temptations taking physical form was striking enough; the idea of sitting to breakfast with one of them was too much.
“Again, Lord Ronigan, I ask you to judge me by my actions not a thousand years of one-sided stories.  My people do study the powers of chaos as your church would call them, but that power, like any power, is not inherently evil.  It was a gift to this world just as your Order was.  We believe that Hilaal and Hileil were not in conflict when the created the world, they were in harmony.  They wanted order and chaos to exist in balance.  It is our belief that humans can only achieve their full potential by using those powers together.  The chaos is a part of what we are.  It is our freewill.  To deny it is to be enslaved.  That is not what our creators intended.  They were not building a clock.  They were creating a world with creatures that could make their own decisions.  That could surprise even them.”
With some trepidation, Ipid took his seat across from the small woman.  The conviction of her words somehow reassured him, but he still did not understand them and knew that he would have to ponder all of this before he came to a conclusion of his own.  In the meantime, he had to be infinitely cautious.  He had very literally just sat to tea with the devil.
“Cannot even your Order be corrupted?” the woman continued.  She sounded like she had given this lecture many times and was well practiced at it.  “Think of the oppressive, corrupt laws throughout your history, and even now, that keep men in chains without justification.  Is not that enslavement far more horrible than the expression of freewill that is inherent in my powers?”  
“Can we continue this conversation later?”  Ipid’s head was swimming.  He was not prepared for a philosophical debate the likes of which he had not pondered since his time at university, and he did need information, even if it came from the very mouth of evil.  “By your own admission, I only have until I am finished with my breakfast, and given the rumbling in my stomach, that will not be long.”
The woman laughed, a delicate sound that fit her slight stature, and nodded.  “How rude of me.  Of course you have more pressing concerns.  Please, forgive me.  I have become overly protective of my beliefs.  What else would you like to know?”
Ipid was caught by the small dimples in her cheeks, and it took him a moment to gather himself.  Could what she was saying be true?  She certainly did not look like a devil.  A thousand years was a long time.  Perhaps the Exiles had learned to live in peace, perhaps there was a balance.  It was a reasonable thought, but not one to be decided here and now.  He cleared his throat to gather himself.  “First off, what is your name?”
The woman blushed around a shy smile.  “I did not realize that I had not introduced myself.  My full name is Eialia Oie Alliera of the house Eieniette.  That is a mouthful for one not familiar with my native language, so you can call me Eia.”  She stood and leaned toward him with her lips pursed.  
Ipid stared at her in surprise.  
“It is the custom in my native land," she explained, "that people kiss after receiving each other’s names.  You are taking the name off of my lips into you.”
“Oh.”  Ipid was taken aback by the strange custom, but after a second to consider, he stood and gave Eia a guarded peck on the lips.  It was less of a kiss than his son would have given him, yet it gave him a slight flush.
“You are a strange people.”  Eia smiled but did not sit.  “Now you should introduce yourself.  Include your full name and titles.”
“Ah, yes.”  Ipid had been so protective of his titles to this point that he did not want to reveal them, and he hemmed nervously while he decided which persona to assume.
“We already know your titles, Lord Ronigan.  We simply asked the young people when they came for the testing.  You are quite well known, so it was not a secret for long.”
That did not reassure him, but he responded nonetheless.  “I am Lord Ipid Ronigan, Chairman and Director of Ronigan & Galbridge and First Advisor to the Chancellor for Trade and Commerce.  Those are the most significant titles, if I go through all of them, my breakfast will get quite cold, and I . . .”
Eia grabbed his shirt pulled him to her and kissed him hard.  It was a passionate kiss the likes of which he had not received since the death of his wife.  It continued for what seemed a long time before Ipid recovered enough of his senses to realize what was happening and break away.  Even then, it took some effort to escape Eia's grasp.  
Released, he looked at the small woman wide-eyed and accusing.  She laughed, “I told you, you have to kiss after giving your name, otherwise it will be lost and the introduction will never have occurred.”  She laughed again – a small birdlike twitter – and returned to her chair as if nothing unusual had happened.
Ipid glared at her accusingly but could not think of what to say.  Eia just looked at him innocently until his indignation sputtered and he allowed the incident to drop.  He could not decide what was upsetting him in any case – deep down he wanted nothing more than to kiss her again.
“You should eat your breakfast before it grows cold as you fear.  But do you have any other questions before you do?”
Ipid stuttered, still somewhat taken by what had just happened.  He cut a sizeable chunk off of one of the sausages, but realized that he should ask a question before stuffing his mouth.  “You mentioned the testing of the village boys.  What is that?  Why do some of them not return?”
Eia looked thoughtful but answered without concern.  “We test the boys and girls to see if they have the gift to learn our ways.  Everyone has the gift of Hilaal to some extent, but some are especially gifted and can learn to use the gift as you saw last night.  These young men and women are given the opportunity to join our order.  If they so choose, they are transported as you were to a place where they can learn.”
“What happens to those who refuse?” 
“You have seen our abilities first hand, Lord Ronigan.  When you were a boy, would you have refused such powers?”  She paused as if expecting an answer, but Ipid was busy with his eggs and could not have responded if he had wanted to.  “At the same time, we have to curb that enthusiasm because it is a powerful gift that must be carefully controlled.”
Eia paused while he washed his mouth with a long drink of milk.  “You want to know about one in particular,” she started before he could ask.  “He was selected and is learning now.  He is unhurt and much more comfortable than he would be if he was still under your care.”
Ipid felt a pang of mixed relief and anxiety.  At least Rynn was still alive, at least he had not completely failed the boy.  At the same time, he wanted even more desperately to know about Dasen and Tethina but dared not ask – Arin already had too much leverage over him.
He drew a deep breath and changed the subject.  “So you admit that you are the Exiles from our legends.”  Eia nodded.  “Are the Darthur Exiles too?  Is this whole invasion about recapturing the world you were cast from?”  He held his breath half-afraid of the answer, half-afraid of offending his host.
Eia laughed.  “You don’t listen very well.  Our people forgave yours and pledged ourselves to peace.  We became religious leaders on our side of the Devil’s Teeth much like your counselors.  It was our wish to never return to this world that holds so many mistakes and hard memories, but the Darthur forced us to break our oaths.  I believe the Belab has already told you this story, so I will not waste your time with a retelling.”
Ipid remembered what Belab had told him but appreciated the confirmation.  He looked down at his plate.  It was dangerously close to being empty.  He forced himself to eat slowly.  “We had always thought that there was nothing on the other side of the Clouded Range.  Why didn’t any of our expeditions ever return?  Why are we just now learning of the Darthur and your people?”
“That is a good question, but a simple one.  Your church in ancient times had great powers of its own.  They used those powers to cast us out of your world and ensure that we would never return.  Our side of the mountains is guarded by a desert called the Great Waste.  It is the home of a merciless people who kill anyone who sets a foot in their lands.  It was only an army the likes of the Darthur that could carve a way through their lands.  An expedition would not last a mile.”
Ipid wondered how the Church could have created a desert and populated it with merciless guardians but was pulled from his thoughts by the realization that he had just finished chewing the last bite of his sausages.  He had time for one more question.  “So, what can you do with your powers other than transport people hundreds of miles in an instant?”  He tried to sound nonchalant.
Eia giggled at his tone then grew serious and leaned across the table toward him.  “We can tear the walls of your cities to the ground, rend your towers, and decimate your armies.  Ours is the power to circumvent the order of the world, to break natural laws.  It is the expression of freewill over order.  We can do almost anything we want.  We can do things that you could not even dream of.”
Ipid gulped.  
“Yes, Lord Ronigan, you should be afraid.  Your people should be afraid.  With our power backing them, the Darthur are unstoppable.  Your nation will soon serve him and we will sweep across your world.  We swore a great oath to serve and are bound to it.  Now, our numbers are growing and our powers are increasing.  We do not relish this power.  In fact, we are horrified by it.  We are horrified by our cowardice, the cowardice that allowed this power to fall into the hands of these monsters, the Darthur.  They are your example of order turned evil – structured, disciplined, but maniacal – and we are their unquestioning servants.”
Ipid looked down at the scraps remaining on his plate, but his appetite was gone.  He imagined the powers that Eia had just described in the hands of a man like Arin.  All his well-crafted plans, all his manipulations of strategy would mean nothing if what she said was true.
Seeing that the meal was done, Eia stood from the table.  “I must take you to Kurion now.  You have much to do this day.”  
Ipid moved to stand as well, but before he could, Eia put a hand on his forehead and whispered strange words.  “It is an old blessing of my people,” she explained when she was finished.  “I wish you strength and courage in the battles you are preparing to face and hope that my spirit will carry with you to provide you solace.  In the land of my people, it is the blessing that wives put upon their husbands before they go to war.”  
She paused and looked at him for a long moment.  “Come now, but be silent.  We will have other opportunities to talk.”

#

For all that he thought he had gotten better on a horse, Ipid realized that he still had a lot to learn as he clutched the reins of his tall horse and prayed that he would not fall.  Below him, the cobbles of the road rushed by in a blur.  If he hit them now, his mission would be over before it started, so he squeezed the saddle with all the strength his legs could muster and pleaded to any god that would listen.  In his time with Arin, he had become accustom to the walk, or even occasional trot, that they maintained on their march, but the yulata, or steady gallop, at which he now rode, was entirely different.  Arin had taught him that riding was not about sitting, it was like walking you had to use your legs to stay in rhythm with the horse, rising and falling with it.  That worked well enough when the horse was walking, but Ipid could not keep up with a gallop.  He had fallen completely out of sync with his horse so that every time he came down, the horse rose up to meet him with bone-jarring results.  
Ahead of him, his lone escort, a brusque warrior named Härl, was a steady blur that looked like he was floating above the ground.  He leaned over his mount, face inches from its ear, and moved in perfect harmony with the animal.  It was the extraordinary symmetry of a man and beast that had been together their entire lives. 
Beyond them, the city of Thoren dominated the horizon, a great semicircle of ever-taller boxes clinging to the banks of a wide river.  At their current pace, they would arrive at the first buildings in a matter of minutes.  To this point, he had seen no sign of movement from those buildings, and given their position outside the walls, he could only imagine they had been abandoned long before the invaders arrived.  Still, Ipid could not believe that the outer ring was entirely unguarded, and he prayed that the men who were likely hiding in those buildings would heed the makeshift yellow flag that Härl carried – yellow being the color of the rising sun and thus the Church, it had become a symbol of peace.  If not, this was going to be a very short mission indeed.  
It was almost noon according to the position of the sun, and Ipid felt overwhelmed by all that he had to do in the next thirty-six hours.  Following his breakfast, Eia had planned to take him to the Wilmont Inn and Pubery where Kurion was waiting, but he had talked her into allowing a quick visit to the village boys in the camp.  Finding that they were as well as could be expected with no sign of Dasen or Tethina, he followed her to the inn.  On the walk, he had reviewed the Battle of Testing with Eia.  He vaguely remembered the conversation he’d had about it with Arin but wanted to make sure he had all the details before he tried to convince the people of Thoren to participate.  
Eia had assured him that if they chose to fight the worst outcome would be for the people of the Kingdoms to remain te-adeate.  If they fought bravely, however, they could become k’amach-tur, literally those who battle with honor.  These were non-clansmen who are allowed to govern themselves as long as they pledge men, supplies, and loyalty to the Darthur.  Finally, if the people of Thoren showed themselves as equals to the Darthur, they could become du-räsch Darthur, not of the blood Darthur.  These were non-Darthur clan members who have the rights of clansmen including representation on the Ashüt.  Ipid had remembered Belab’s words from the night before.  Slaves by any other name . . . .
When they arrived at the inn, Kurion had simply pointed him toward his escort, a big warrior named Härl from Kurion’s Cäthum Clan.  Ipid had explained the need for a yellow flag and had been given just enough time to find some fabric and a pole.  Thus equipped, they had been on their way.  
When the first buildings were a few hundred paces away, Härl reined his horse back and Ipid almost overshot him before he had his own mount under control.  They came to a stop and eyed the city.  Härl’s eyes probed the buildings, locking on each for a long time then moving to the next until he had studied each.  Finally, he pulled a bow from a pouch in his saddle and notched one of the distinctive black-shafted arrows the Darthur used.  Ipid wanted to tell him to put the damned thing away, but he knew that the warrior would just as likely shoot him as put the bow down, so he held his tongue and hoped for the best. 
The fourth ring, as this part of the city was called, was really nothing more than a large expanse of shanty buildings surrounding the city’s third wall.  It was not protected by any fortifications, and Ipid could see no movement in the rundown buildings as they approached, but then he did not expect to see the crossbow bolt that would end his part in this world.  If the Order wants me to succeed, it will have to let me at least reach my goal.  Otherwise, there is nothing I can do.  He had long ago learned the futility of worrying about things he could not change, so he put the fear out of his mind and focused on the arguments he would make to the city directors.   
They continued into the shadow of the first buildings, but the lack of movement in the normally vibrant sector was unnerving, and Ipid could only watch the gaping black windows like the eyes of predators preparing to lunge.  Prior to unification, Thoren had been the seat if the Grand Duke of Greater Oscante and one of the most powerful cities in the northern Kingdoms.  In the distance, the stout wall that had been the source of much of that early power could be seen peeking through the surrounding buildings.  That original wall had stood since the time of the Empire and had served as a rallying point for those that would eventually form the Kingdom of Greater Oscante from the chaos that followed the collapse of the Empire.  
But now only a fraction of the city was still inside that fortification.  As the city had grown during the stretches of peace between the kingdoms’ ongoing wars, new residents had built homes and shops outside the original wall.  When war again threatened the city, the residents had built another, far less daunting wall to protect their homes.  That wall was never tested.  Under similar circumstances, a third wall was built generations later, but even this failed to constrain the city’s growth.  That final spurt of growth, which had occurred in the eighty years since the original kingdoms had united, gave the city the four rings for which it was now known.  The three walls acted as more of a social than a physical divider now.  The numerous gates in each wall were closed at night to keep the undesirables of the outer rings from making their way into the inner rings, and it was commonly accepted that the farther one was from the center of the city, the poorer their status.  
That fact was obvious to Ipid as he rode along the main road through the fourth ring.  The road was steady cobblestones and appeared to be well maintained.  The shops and houses along the road were nice enough and most looked to be reputable, even if the largest proportion were taverns.  Nice enough that was until his eye drifted down the streets that radiated from the road.  Those streets were filth-covered mud with garbage piled along desolate shanty buildings, many of which were barely standing.  The stench of rotting garbage and urine permeated everything, but even over that, Ipid could detect the acrid smell of pitch.  They are going to burn it, he realized.  When the invaders were inside the city, they would light the entire ring, would sacrifice a quarter of their city to hurt the invaders.  He was stunned that they were willing to go so far.  It made it clear that they intended to fight, that they planned to hold the invaders as long as possible.  The day before, it would have been everything he wished for, now it made his job nearly impossible.  They want a siege.  How will I ever get them to abandon their defenses and face the invaders on an open field?  
Before he could hope to answer, they arrived at the first gate.  It was little more than a large set of wooden double-doors that would not stand more than a couple of hits from a simple ram.  The wall that held the doors was no more impressive – it did not stand more than ten feet and the mortar that held the random jumble of stones was crumbling from age and lack of care – but the buildings closest to that wall had been demolished and formed into a pile of rubble ten feet from the walls.  The rubble stood almost as tall as the wall in a jagged, uneven jumble of sharp rocks, glass and broken boards.  Crossing it would be a nightmare, but given what he had seen the night before, the Darthur would never have to cross it.  Their wizards, their creatures would tear the city apart without breeching a single wall.  
Ipid and Härl passed through an opening that had been left in the rubble, led their horses through a corridor of jumbled stones that would no doubt fill that gap, and stopped at the doors.  A young man appeared above the gate wearing an oversized helmet and a blue tunic with a green-striped patch to mark him as part of the city garrison.  White flags with three angled green stripes, the banners of Oscante District, snapped in the breeze on either side of him.  He carried a long spear with a scrap of yellow cloth skewered on its tip, and his eyes bounced anxiously from Ipid to Härl then back again.  Ipid watched Härl nervously, unsure what he would do.  
“Who goes there, and what be your business in the city?”  The man on the wall – in truth he was little more than a boy – tried to make his voice sound strong, but the tension was obvious, and his high voice cracked several times.  
Ipid looked to Härl.  The warrior nodded, and Ipid responded in a steady voice, hoping to give some of his own repose to the boy.  “My name is Ipid Ronigan, First Advisor to Chancellor Kavich and Member of the Thoren Directorate.  This man is Härl of the Cäthum Clan of the Darthur.  The invaders have sent me to speak with the city directors on their behalf.  We come in peace and ask that you honor the banner of the Church by allowing us to pass.”  
“I’ve been told to admit you to the city,” the boy yelled.  None of the high-pitched nervous energy had left his voice, and he scanned the buildings nervously.  “You must leave your weapons at this gate and proceed with me blindfolded so you will not see our preparations for the siege.”
Ipid let out a small moan.  He could not conceive of Härl giving up his weapons or wearing a blindfold.  He considered protesting but knew that this boy was not making the decisions.  He would have to seek approval from his superiors, and Ipid did not have the time to spend on protracted negotiations over petty issues.  “We will do whatever is required,” he replied.  As soon as he said the words, one of the doors swung open to reveal a dozen men with long spears at the ready.  
Ipid said a quick prayer to the Holy Order as he turned to explain the situation to Härl.  “Most honorable teacher, they take your weapons, bind your hands, and . . .” he paused to think of the word for blindfold before realizing that he did not have to use the exact translation, “. . . cover your eyes.  If you fight, our mission will fail.”
Härl grunted his apparent approval, and they rode through the gates without anther word.  The spears split and surrounded them as they entered.  The boys holding the weapons looked terrified and ready to strike at the slightest provocation.  Ipid desperately hoped that Härl would not be the one to provide it.  
Fearing the worst, he watched his companion.  He deliberately placed the arrow he had notched back in its quiver then fluidly removed the string from his bow and slid it into a leather pouch at the side of his horse.  Ipid gawked.  He could not conceive of a Darthur warrior who would drop his weapons while in sight of an enemy.  He would have been less surprised if Härl had charged into the guards and killed every one of them.
There was a collective exhale from the guards, and the spears drew back to give them just enough space to dismount.  Ipid was so concerned with looking harmless that he almost fell from the horse.  Härl, on the other hand, leapt from his mount and landed on the cobblestones with a resounding thump.  The aggressive dismount sent the guards clattering back.  Taunting them further, he made a mocking move toward them and growled ominously.  The gesture sent the guards back another step with their spears rattling.  The warrior laughed heartily at his joke, a deep rumble that sounded like the beginning of an earthquake.  From the reaction of the guards, Ipid was not sure which scared them more, the sudden move or the laugh it evoked.  
As he laughed, Härl pulled a spike-headed hammer from his belt and dropped it on the ground with a clatter.  It was followed by two long knives and a smaller one for throwing.  Those trinkets were accompanied by a huge axe that he hoisted from a sheath at the side of his horse.  The axe was half the height of a man with a long, efficient head only a foot in length.  It did not look like much, but Ipid was sure that wielded by Härl from horseback it would cut clean through the strongest plate mail.  Härl plucked it from the horse with one hand, held it lightly as if considering something, then dropped it with a crash that cracked one of the cobblestones.
Having surrendered his weapons, Härl turned and placed his hands behind him.  The guards did not hesitate to make good on his offer.  Two of them circled the warrior with strips of leather and quickly bound his huge hands – the fact that the tallest of the guards only came to Härl shoulder made the spectacle look like children binding a willing adult as part of a game of rangers and bandits.  Another guard secured Ipid in a similar fashion.  The bindings were followed by black bags, which were pulled over their heads to conceal their march through the city.  

#

Ipid squinted while his eyes adjusted to the sudden absence of the bag.  Immediately to his left stood Härl, looking every bit his part: thickly muscled chest and arms bulging from his rune-painted leather vest, blond hair chopped into clumps, long mustache braided with black, and face generously scarred.  The guards that surrounded them seemed to agree because their attention and spears were focused solely on the invader.  
As his vision cleared, Ipid realized that they were in the courtyard of the Thoren Directorate Hall – a thoroughly uninspiring name for the substantial keep that had once been the Grand Duke’s seat of power.  Ipid had been in this courtyard countless times, but he had never realized how large it was, spanning a good fifty paces from the outer walls to the fortress-like building they protected and continuing for the entire length of the long wall.  Countless disorganized bands occupied the courtyard, lunging back and forth across the cobblestones with spears clasped in their hands.  A uniformed sergeant worked with each group, but those veterans looked like they were trying to spin straw into gold, and Ipid suspected they had a better chance of doing that than turning their students – peasants, merchants, craftsmen, grandparents, children – into soldiers.  
Ipid wanted to yell to the recruits to run – the only thing that their efforts would add was to the length of the death toll.  At the same time, he knew that every hand would be needed to prove the Kingdoms’ honor, and he was guiltily pleased to see these few added to the effort.
Looking past the walls of the keep, he scanned the array of towers rising above the city in their vanity and opulence.  The inner-most ring of the city had become more and more extravagant since the kingdoms had united, and the huge towers were the current trend in architecture.  Though the towers varied in size and shape, they all ended in large conical roofs so that the inner ring resembled a colossal mushroom garden and reminded Ipid why he kept an estate on the other side of the river.
His attention was brought back to the courtyard by the appearance of a man in an extravagant uniform at the portico that marked the entrance to the main keep.  Captain Alister Defours, the commander of the city garrison, had a markedly one-sided discussion with the recruit who had brought them.  The captain cast looks of intermittent fear and curiosity at the captives as he spoke, but once he saw that he had drawn Ipid’s attention, he cut off the lecture, strode to face Ipid, and ordered the guards to cut his bindings.  
Captain Defours gave a slight bow that Ipid barely noticed through his effort to restore some blood to his hands.  “I humbly apologize, Lord Director, for the actions of my men in detaining you.  I explicitly told them to treat you with the utmost respect.  If there were not such desperate need, these would spend the remainder of their days guarding the pots in the company mess.”  Ipid thought the captain’s apology sounded half-sincere, and he confirmed it as he rose.  “I am sure you understand given the circumstances.”
Ipid could not have cared less.  “Of course, of course,” he brushed off the apology.  “It is for the best, I am sure.  I would appreciate it, however, if you would also remove the bindings from my companion.”
Defours’ eyes popped.  He glanced at the giant then stared back at Ipid as if he wanted both of his captives bound again.  
“Captain, this is an official envoy of the invaders,” Ipid scolded – he did not have time for Defours’ intractability.  “Just because he is from across the Clouded Range does not mean that he does not deserve the respect we would show the ambassadors of any other nation.”  
Defours’ gaze continued to bounce from Härl to Ipid then back again in disbelief, and it took a withering glare from Ipid before he snapped his jaw back in place and signaled one of his men.  “As you say.”
The men around them tensed as the guard moved to free Härl.  Their spears came down, and their hands tightened on their weapons.  Even Defours’ hand moved to the pommel of the sword at his hip, and he noticeably loosened it in the scabbard.   When Härl's bonds had been cut, the guard jumped back and held his knife out as if he had freed a man-eating lion.  The other guards tensed as well.  Their armor and spears rattled expectantly, and Defours’ sword flew halfway from its scabbard before he was able to stop it.  
Härl slowly raised his hands and rubbed his wrists as he assessed the situation.  He stared warily at the men around him.  His concern appeared to be more with the guards’ inexperience than with their skill, as if assessing which guard was most likely to trip over his own feet and lung toward him as a result.  When the situation did not devolve beyond that, Defours returned his sword to its scabbard and the guards relaxed.  
“Captain Defours.”  Ipid had not waited for the excitement over Härl’s release to die.  “Captain Defours!”  He nearly yelled to get the captain’s attention.  “We need to address the Directorate.  I assume that they are already in sessions given what is happening outside the gates, but I will need some time to prepare myself.  I think two hours should be sufficient.  Please inform them that we will meet them at that time with an imperative edict from the invaders.”
“I am certain that the directors will get to you as soon as they can, Lord Ronigan.”  Defours spoke with half of his attention on Härl.  “They are understandably very busy, however, and I cannot guarantee that they will have time today.  I am sure that they will appreciate your bringing in one of the invaders.  We will have him taken to a cell immediately, but you can trust me, he will never know what is happening.”
“Captain Defours!”  Ipid snapped.  His finger rose and jutted toward Defours’ chest.  “This man is the representative of an invading army that is sitting outside the gates of this city, a vastly superior army might I add.  I do not think that it is the best interests of anyone for us to treat him as a prisoner.  I can also assure you as a member of the Chancellor’s Bureau that such would not be the policy of the Unified Kingdoms.  Further, I will address the Directorate at any time I choose.  I am a member of that directorate and have the authority to speak for the Chancellor in matters of commerce.  As such, you will ensure that they are prepared to hear me in two hours, or I will see that you are stripped of every rank and title you have ever possessed.  Do we have an understanding, captain?” 
By the time he was done, Defours was back on his heels and nodding vigorously.  “Yes, Lord Ronigan, sir, I do.”
“Good.”  Ipid tried not to show his relief that his bluff had worked.  Though everything he said would have been true weeks before, the invasion would have thrown all that very much into doubt.  And that was if he hadn’t been captured by the invaders.  “Now, where was I?  Oh yes, I will address the Directorate in two hours.  In the meantime, I'll need a room where I can gather myself, and I think a bath would be in order.  I will also need new clothes and a courier to carry a message to my estate.”  Defours nodded to each request as if marking items on a mental list.  “Give Härl a room near my own, bring us both some food, and have me summoned when the directors are ready.”
Defours took a second to process the long list of commands then motioned to a man standing behind him.  The man ran to his side, and the captain whispered orders into his ear without taking his eyes off of Ipid.  “Lieutenant Nuffield will see to your needs, Lord Ronigan.”  He motioned to the handsome young man at his side.  “Please let him know if there is anything further you will need.  As you can see, I have many things to attend to.  If you will excuse me?”
Ipid nodded.  Defours turned and put as much distance between himself and his former captives as possible.  The captain had always been an ambitious, political animal.  Clearly, he saw this as a no-win situation and wanted as little involvement with it as possible.  That was fine with Ipid as long as he did what was asked.  
Ipid turned, explained the situation to Härl, then looked to Lieutenant Nuffield.  The young man just stared at him slack-jawed.  “Don’t worry, lieutenant,” Ipid assured.  “Theirs is a language like any other.  I am certain that you too could learn it in time . . . and very well may.  Now, can you please show us to our quarters?”



Chapter 35


An authoritative knock on the door of Captain Defours lavish apartment almost sent Ipid from his skin.  He was pacing across the thick wool rug that covered the tile floor silently rehearsing his statement to the city directors and had to place his hand over his chest to calm his suddenly thumping heart.  A glance at the ornate clock on the wall showed that his two hours were up.  He drew a deep breath, scanned Defours’ rooms to be sure he was not forgetting anything, and marched to the door.  
Despite his nerves, Ipid felt reborn.  He was amazed at the good a hot bath and new clothes could do.  He felt like he had his dignity back.  He was dressed in his normal attire – a starched cotton shirt, black woolen suit, and scarf of blue silk.  The suit did not quite fit him and was too gaudy for his usual taste, but it was adequate.  He donned the conical hat sitting on the table by the door, took another deep breath, and pulled the latch.
Waiting outside the door was a boy of not more than ten.  He was dressed in the deep-green suit of a director’s pages though the clothes looked as if they had been recently, roughly altered to fit his small frame.  With a falling heart, Ipid realized that the older boys who normally filled the post had enrolled to defend the city, leaving lads such as this in their places.  What a horrible, heartbreaking waste.  “The Thoren City Directorate will hear you now.”  The boy bowed deeply, holding a conical hat to the side.  “Please, follow me.”  It sounded as if he had been practicing those simple words for hours, and he said them without a quaver.  
Ipid smiled at the boy.  “Thank you.  But first we need to get my companion.  He is just across the hall.”  
The boy looked like he might protest, but Ipid did not give him the opportunity.  He strode out of the room and stuttered to a stop when he saw the lowered spears waiting for him.  He counted six guards in the livery and armor of the Thoren Directorate.  When they saw that Ipid posed no threat, they raised their spears.  Two of them took positions as if to escort Ipid.  The others arrayed themselves around the room where Härl was housed.  
Ipid ignored them.  He strode between them to the door and knocked.  The guards stepped back and brought their spears to the ready as the door swung open.  Still wearing his leather vest and tight-fitting hide pants, Härl looked like a giant from a children’s tale.  He examined the guards without any seeming concern.  He raised an eyebrow at Ipid’s clothes then glanced back at the simple but comfortable room.  “How do you expect to know honor living like this?  No wonder you are te-adeate.”
Ipid bowed.  “Great teacher, I am sorry that we are not all strong enough to be Darthur.  That is why we need you to guide us through your example.  Only by seeing your great honor will we understand how weak our beds, walls, and clothes have made us.”  He tried to keep the sarcasm from his words though he intended every bit of it.  One of Ipid’s lone joys was in finding ways to seemingly honor his masters while actually striving to confuse and insult them.  He had to admit that he had become quite good at it.  
Härl did not seem to notice.  He grunted then looked at him with the same indifference he’d give a dog.  
“I believe we are ready,” Ipid said to the page.  “Please, lead the way.”
The boy gawked at Härl but, with some prodding, remembered his job.  He led them down the hall puffed up like he was escorting the Emperor.  Ipid suppressed a laugh as he fell in behind the boy’s short-strided, but quick, walk and ran through his statement one last time.  The guards, spears at the ready, followed.  
The fact that Ipid was on the Directorate and knew its members was a great help, but the truth was that he was rarely in Thoren these days.  His business and work with the Chancellor kept him away for long stretches, such that his seat was most often filled by a proxy.  Via correspondence he tried to keep up with the politics of the city, but he had to admit that he barely knew some of the new directors and had done a poor job of maintaining his relationships with the veterans.  Given his wealth and standing with the Chancellor, he did not normally have to bother with political subtlety, but these were not normal times, and his wealth and connections meant nothing with an invading army outside the city.  He wished that he could consult with Roger, his proxy, but there was no time.  His best hope was that he was with the Directorate.  But even then, there would be little that Roger could do.  Ipid was on his own with little ability to predict how the directors would react.  
The boy led them from the upper floors, down a series of staircases, then through a side passage to the heart of the city’s administration.  They walked through a large hall that was typically buzzing with couriers, pages, bureaucrats, and long lines of those seeking their services.  To Ipid’s surprise, the room was as busy as ever.  Men huddled around tables, pages ran back and forth between them, couriers delivered documents and waited impatiently for replies.  The difference was that the bureaucrats had been replaced by soldiers.  The room was awash with green and white such that Ipid and Härl looked like a rock outcropping at the edge of a prairie.  
And their entrance brought all the activity to a sudden halt.  Every eye rose.  Hands fell instinctively to weapons.  Maps and charts were covered.  Junior officers formed barriers around their superiors.  Conversations conducted in shouts a minute before fell to whispers.  Seeing the sudden change, the page froze such that Ipid had to take his shoulder and guide him through the room.  
As he went, Ipid spoke words of encouragement to the officers, “They are men like you and me.  We can beat them.  You are not alone.  The whole world will soon rise up to fight by your side.  Keep going.  Keep fighting.”  He knew that these phrases meant nothing, that these men already knew the truth about their situation, but he also knew the power of hope and how easily it could be fed or snuffed.  
What surprised him, however, was how the men responded to his attention.  They retracted, pulling back as if he were diseased.  They shrugged off his touch, refused his handshakes, turned their backs to his sentiments.  He could not understand.  Surely he had not paid the city the attention he once had, but it was still his home.  He was still its richest man, one of its most important benefactors and employers.  He had always been respected.  So what had changed?
Before he could decipher it, they arrived before the huge double doors that led to the Hall of the People where the Directorate held its sessions.  The ornately carved and inlaid oak doors already stood open, showing the huge chamber on the other side, and Ipid felt his pulse skip as he looked through the door at the directors in the distance.  
He pulled the page back before he made the error of proceeding them into the room and bent to his level.  He began handing him some papers – the courier he had requested had never arrived – when he realized he knew the lad.  “You are Lord Thickery’s boy, aren’t you?  You have grown so much since I last saw you that I didn’t even recognize you.”
“Yes, sir.  George, sir.”  The boy smiled wide at the attention.
“Where’s your brother, George?”  Marcus was a couple of years younger than Dasen and a usual directorate page.
“He joined up with the defenses.”  George beamed.  “Dad didn’t want ‘im to, but he said he’s old enough to make his own decisions.  They had a ruckus of a fight.  I wish I could . . . “
“Don’t wish that, George,” Ipid interrupted.  “You don’t want to be anywhere near this fight.  Now, I need to go talk to the directors.  Could you see that these messages are delivered to my estate?  In fact, take them there yourself, and then go see your mother.  I am sure she misses you.”  The Thickery’s owned the estate next to Ipid’s.  He hoped that the boy would stay there, on the other side of the river, far away from what was about to happen.  He was already mourning for Marcus, a vivacious boy who should be preparing to finish his schooling and take a place alongside his father.
Ipid sighed as he motioned George away then spent a long moment watching him run back through the soldiers, who were slowing regaining their fervor.  Finally, he turned to the room before him.  He took a second to gather himself then strode confidently through the doors with his head held high and his chest puffed out like the lord he had been rather than the slave he had become.  
As he entered, a man beside the door in a dark-green suit with a lacy shirt looked at him and declared, “First Advisor to the Chancellor and Director of the City of Thoren, the honorable lord, Ipid Ronigan.”  
The fellow’s eyes popped when he saw Härl, but Ipid whispered in his ear, and with just a bit of tremble in his booming baritone, he announced, “Official Envoy of the Darters and Chief of the Cäthum Clan, Härl Cäthum.”  Härl was not even close to being the chief of the Cäthum Clan – the Darthur did not use surnames, but often noted their clan membership with their names – but he would not have the slightest idea what title he had been given, and it would seem more impressive to the directors if they thought the representative was an important member of the invading army.
Ipid took another deep breath and continued his bold progress into what had once been the throne room of the Grand Duke.  Stark stone walls encased the circular room with only a few bleak tapestries and high slit windows breaking their expanse.  The small windows did not allow much light into the room, so a huge iron-rot chandelier made up the difference with hundreds of candles spread across its utilitarian simplicity.  The floor was no more impressive, made of worn tiles in a simple pattern of green, white, and black.  
That left the semi-circular dais with a long table of nearly black, polished walnut as the showpiece of the room.  Behind the dais, two white and green flags of Oscante District hung on either side of and slightly below a larger flag of eighteen blue stripes that were woven across a black background, the banner of the Unified Kingdoms.  Facing the table were an empty row of stout, cushioned chairs and several equally empty sets of backless wooden benches.  The chairs were reserved for the landowners and other wealthy citizens who were allowed to vote in the semi-annual elections to select council members.  All others were consigned to the benches until called upon to present their petitions.  Running down the wide aisle between the seats was a well-trampled green and black rug that led to a short podium where speakers stood to address the directors. 
Along the walls, spaced ten feet apart, were the guards.  They wore knee-length green and white tunics over their heavy chain mail.  Their features were obscured by the faceplates of their conical helmets with only their eyes peering out of the metal encasement.  As they entered, Ipid saw those eyes grow wide then narrow in anticipation.  Bodies beneath the armor went rigid and the tips of their long spears swayed above their heads as the men tightened their grips.  In all, there were a dozen guards, two by the doors, eight along the walls, and one on each side of the table.  Though they saw little action beyond subduing the occasional outburst, Ipid had no doubt they could handle a single unarmed Darthur warrior, no matter how skilled he may be.  
To one side of the table, a small desk sat with a pot of ink built into its surface and a substantial ledger open across it.  The directorate scribe was already scribbling at the top of a page, noting the speaker and the nature of his petition.  When he was finished, he adjusted his glasses with ink-smudged fingers and watched Ipid approach with what could only be curiosity.  Mr. Smalters – Ipid realized he did not even know his first name – was a wiry middle-aged fellow with even less hair than Ipid.  He took very seriously his role as a non-entity in the room – Ipid was not sure he had ever heard him talk beyond reciting back records – so any reaction from him was a surprise.  Obviously, the directors already knows why I’m here.  Even Smalters is curious.
Finally, behind the table sat the directors.  There were ten of them present with only Ipid’s own seat two down from the center on the right remaining conspicuously empty.  Where by the Order is Roger?  I pay him to be here representing my interests not to run off at the first sign of trouble?  Ipid considered the implications of it for only a moment before turning his eyes to the other directors.  Their similarities far outweighed their differences.  Every one of them wore a dark suit, white shirt, embroidered vest, and silk scarf.  They wore conical black hats of only slightly varying heights.  Their fingers sparkled with gold and jewels where they universally gripped the equally resplendent representations of their crests that were used to vote or signal a desire to speak.  They ranged from their middle years to ancient, and their faces were all dour, ranging from wariness to malevolence to, oddly enough, disappointment as they watched Ipid approach.  
Ipid was so busy trying to interpret those expressions and understand their meaning – is not a single one of them happy to see me alive – that he was almost to the podium before he remembered Härl.  He turned to the giant behind him and motioned to one of the chairs.  He lowered his eyes as he spoke.  “Most honorable teacher, I, your most undeserving student, would dare to suggest that you sit here.  Though it is not fitting of your great honor, our mission would be aided by your most generous understanding that I, your undeserving student, may not be able to translate all the words of this council for your honorable inspection.”  It was the most humble way Ipid could think to say sit down and shut up.  He had written it out and memorized it, and he desperately hoped that the huge warrior would comply.
Härl looked confused by the complex succession of words and spent a pregnant moment unraveling them.  When he finally did, he looked with distaste at the embroidered cushion on the suggested chair.  He grunted, nodded his agreement, then sat on the bench behind the chair as stiff as the boards that formed the seats.  Ipid could only assume that he had been freed from his need to translate and let out a great sigh.  He turned back to the directors, but a rich tenor broke the silence before he could even reach the podium.  
“Do we need any more proof?” the voice demanded.  Ipid found the speaker soon enough.  He sat a seat away from the end on the left side, but Ipid would have known Geoffrey Ahern’s snide derision anywhere.  He was one of the council’s youngest members and had only been elected a few years before, but he had quickly formed a coalition whose unifying purpose appeared to be their opposition to Ipid and everything he represented.  Lord Ahern and his cronies, mostly young, landed nobles, longed for a time before mills, universities, and trade when power was inherited, not earned.  They saw Ipid’s rise and the wealth he had created along the way as a threat to their very way of life and vociferated their opposition to such social ascendancy at every opportunity.  Of particular concern over the past two years were Ipid’s investments in Liandria, which they saw as borderline treason despite the fact that the Kingdoms and Liandria had never fought a war and were about as likely to as the Morgs and Sylians.  “I have warned you!” Lord Ahern continued.  “I told you he was a traitor!”
The room erupted into shouts, most of which seemed, remarkably, to support Lord Ahern.  Ipid could not imagine what it meant.  Traitor?  It is not the first time Geoffrey Ahern has called me that, but why now?  Why would it matter now that I have purchased land in Liandria, have accepted a title there, have opened mills?  What does it matter with an army camped outside the city gates?
A hammering from the center of the table returned order.  “Lord Ahern, you are out of order!”  The huge man at the middle of the table gestured at the first speaker with his gavel as he bellowed.  “The petitioner has not even been able to identify himself let alone state his case.  If you wish to speak, you will raise your crest and wait to be recognized.  Do you understand that?  I can still have you removed if you insist on ignoring the principles that govern these meetings.”  
The man with the gavel glowered at Lord Ahern then turned to Ipid with a great sigh.  Oban Markovim, the Governor of Oscante District and Chairman of the Thoren Directorate, was a huge mass of a man with several chins that folded in waves down to a tent of a shirt that stretched over his mammoth gut.  His arms were like huge hams, and they barely reached around his body to the table where his chubby little fingers were normally woven together like links of sausages in a butcher’s window.  Great beads of sweat ran from under his hat and coursed down his face where he dabbed them away with a white cloth, a futile effort as proven by the great stretch of material across his chest where his sweat had turned the white cotton a damp grey.  
Despite his sloppy appearance, Oban Markovim was by far the most powerful man in Thoren.  His boisterous personality, invigorating speeches, and extraordinary generosity made him a legend among the people while behind-the-scenes his tenacity, ruthlessness, political savvy, and nose for the truth allowed him to rule the Directorate with an iron fist that did not betray any of the generosity and kindness he showed the outside world.  He had served on the Directorate for over twenty years and had been Chairman for eight.  But he had never been a rich man until he became one of the first investors in Ronigan & Galbridge – even then, Ipid had known which horses to back.  Ipid had made him wealthy beyond his dreams, and he had returned the favor a hundred times.  He just hoped that today would be another of those times.  
“I am glad you are well, Ipid,” Oban’s deep, gravelly voice pulled Ipid from his thoughts.  “We feared the worst when word of the invaders arrived and there was no sign of you.  We have heard the rumors, of course, but I never believed it until now.”  Oban gave a great sigh and looked down the long table in both directions.  He looked tired and deeply disappointed.  He sighed again and shook his round head.  “I think this saddens me more than word of your death would have.  But I suppose you have made your choice.  So why have you returned?  Do you wish to demand our surrender?  Will you offer us the same deal that the invaders gave you?   Do you wish us to join you as traitors?”  Oban looked like he aged twenty years just by speaking those unimaginable words.  
Traitors?  Then it hit him.  The looks he had received in the outer chamber, the hatred in the eyes of the directors, the gasps when he spoke with Härl.  They think I’m a traitor.  That I am in league with the invaders.  It was all that Ipid could do to keep his jaw from hanging open in surprise.  After all he had been through, he could not imagine that someone could see him as complicit with the Darthur, but all the evidence was there.  I speak their language.  I arrived on a fine horse with one of their chiefs.  I appear to give that chief an order and he sits on the benches behind me without a word.  How could I be so stupid?  Even I would think that I was a traitor.  Ipid’s heart sank.  He saw all his well-prepared arguments crumbling before his eyes.  They were worthless now.  He would be lucky if he wasn’t driven back to the Darthur in tar and feathers.  
“By the Order,” he whispered.  Then stronger, “This is not as it appears.  I am no traitor.  I do not serve the Darthur.”  
“Come now, Ipid,” Oban replied.  “I don’t know what game you are playing, but don’t insult our intelligence.  Did you not think word of your standing with the invaders would reach us?  Your friends have not killed and captured everyone, you know.  Many refugees have made it to the city.  They have told us how you ride at the front of the invading army with their king, how you are included in his councils, how you translate for him.  And now, you arrive here with one of their chiefs?  You give him orders like your servant?”  Oban shook his great head in disgust.  “We may not have the might to face your friends, but we are not stupid, so don’t treat us as if we are.  Tell us what you have come to say and then be gone.  As you may have noticed, we are under siege.  We have much to do.”
Applause echoed through the Hall of the People.  Oban sat as far forward as his gut would allow and glowered.  Lord Ahern, far to his side, beamed.  Ipid’s mind was shattered.  His eyes could not rise above his feet.  His shoulders slouched, hands balled, knees trembled.  He did not even know where to begin.
“So not even you can face the depth of your deceit,” Lord Ahern crowed over the fading applause.  “How long have you been in league with the invaders?  Is that the real source of your wealth?  Has all of your work simply been an elaborate plan to undermine the power of the Kingdoms, to pave the way for your benefactors?  Who else is involved?  Do you have agents in other cities?  Have you infiltrated our allies in Liandria?  I call for a trial so that we can find the full depth of this deception, root it out, and punish all those involved, starting with its originator.”  The room erupted, this time into shouts.  Nearly every voice called for Ipid to answer the questions, to admit his crimes and pay the consequences.  The guards started to move from the walls.  Things were getting out of control.
Oban pounded the other directors down, beating the table until it nearly collapsed.  “Wait!” he yelled.  “As Ipid himself told Captain Defours, he has come as an envoy of the invaders.  And as he suggested to the esteemed captain, we have not fallen so far that we would arrest an ambassador who arrives under the symbol of the Order.  We will hear his proposal then he will return to his masters where his punishment will be to live with the guilt of his betrayal until such time as we defeat these . . . Darters and throw them back across Clouded Range.”
The room exploded.  Directors cheered.  Guards pounded their spears on the tiles and beat their gauntlets against their chests.  The sound pulsed through Ipid like waves, nearly sending him to his knees.  By the Order, he wanted more than anything to cheer with them.
“So what is it you want, Ipid?  Speak, so that we may cast you out and return to our preparations?” Oban yelled over the cheers, no longer bothering with order or protocol.  He was in his political element, unifying his constituents against a common enemy.  It just happened that the enemy was Ipid.
“I want exactly what you want!” Ipid found himself yelling.  “I want these bastards destroyed.  I want to see them crushed.  I want them to know no peace, no mercy, no rest until they all are cast from this world into the storms of chaos where they belong.  That is what I want!”
The room fell silent at the fervor of Ipid’s words.  The very emotion of them seemed to suck the air from the room leaving it ghostly quiet  . . . except for Härl’s grunt of approval.  A look behind showed him sitting, arms crossed, with a look of satisfaction on his face.  The bastard is enjoying this.  
“I am not in league with the invaders!”  Ipid continued.  “I want to see them defeated more than any of you could ever know.  After what they have done, after what I have seen, I have pledged my life to that goal alone.  Despite what you have heard, what you have seen, I come to you today as a prisoner, a slave.  I was captured when the Darthur took Randor’s Pass.  I was forced to learn their language and beaten when I did not do so fast enough.  I have starved.  I have suffered.  I have witnessed atrocities that you would not even imagine possible.  I hate the Darthur with every fiber of my being.  I would give everything I have to see them defeated.  You have to believe me when I tell you that my hate for them is the only thing that allows me to rise each morning and the only thing that I dream of when I sleep at night.”
The silence in the room stretched for a long moment.  The directors sat as if stunned.  Then a slow, mocking clap snapped the silence, shook the gathering from its mesmerism.  “Bravo!” Lord Ahern applauded with dripping sarcasm.  “Lord Ronigan, I never knew that acting was one of your many skills, but that was a truly masterful performance.  Could you perhaps recite de Nardees speech to Liandria from The Fall of Order?  It has always been one of my favorites.”
The other directors laughed, but it was half-hearted, uncomfortable.  Ipid had struck a nerve.  Now he had to drive it home.  He ignored Lord Ahern, focusing his attention on the center of the table where Oban and his allies sat.  It was there that this battle would be won or lost.  “Though I was not born in this city, though I have holdings outside of this district, even outside this nation, the Kingdoms have always been my home.  I have given my entire life to making them better, stronger, richer.  I have turned these Kingdoms from a forgotten backwater to a nation respected across the world.  How would that have helped the invaders?  What have I ever done to weaken this nation?  Oban, you have known me for twelve years.  You have been my partner and friend for all of that time.  You know the love I have for this country, for this city.  Do not tell me that you could now, in your heart, believe me a traitor.”  He stared at Oban to be sure the implications of his words had settled – part of his goal had been to remind the chairman how closely they were linked.  
The room fell silent.  The directors watched each other warily.  Oban looked stunned.  It was clear that he now realized the dangers of the road he was taking.  He and Ipid were too intertwined.  Any investigation into Ipid’s activities prior to the invasion was destined to ensnare him as well.  It was also clear that several directors were thinking back, searching for evidence that supported their accusations or remembering all the ways they too were tied to Ipid Ronigan.  For most of them, there were many of the later and none of the earlier.  Ipid had made fortunes for many of the men at this table, but he had also served the Kingdoms honorably, had built schools, had expanded trade, had been a favorite of the Chancellor himself.  
“I do not want to believe it,” Oban nearly mumbled.  “Truly no one here could say you have not served the Kingdoms well.  And I cannot believe that you had allied yourself to the Darters before you were captured, but it does not take a lifetime to be a traitor.  How can we know what has happened since the Darters arrived?  If you were beaten, where are the bruises?  If you are a slave, how could you order their chief to sit while you speak?  You are not even translating our words for him.  It is you that speaks for them, not their chief.  It is as if he is nothing but your guard.  I want to believe you, but the facts don’t fit your claims.”
Ipid’s mind stopped.  This was all his fault.  He had been so focused on his goal, on the arguments he would make, that he had not even thought about the appearance he was giving.  And now it was too late.  But even if he was known as a traitor, he could not let that keep him from his goal.  He had to get them to that field.  If they drew and quartered him, it wouldn’t matter as long as they went to the testing when they were done.  
“I do not know what I can do to convince you,” he began slowly, hoping to find inspiration.  “Bruises heal, and so mine have.  I can speak the invaders’ language.  One of them sat at my request.  All these things are true.  But it is also true that I arrived here wearing little more than rags.  You can see that I am skin and bones compared to how you used to know me.  I am speaking for them only because you turned their other messengers away.  Yet I will not call on those things to prove myself.  My loyalty, my dedication have been demonstrated time and again.  If you will believe me a traitor then that breaks my heart.  It is an almost unbearable burden, but it is light in comparison to what I have seen these men do, in comparison to the pain, the horror I must now carry with me, and in comparison to horror we will all witness if I do not succeed here today.”
“So, you have come to ask for our surrender?” Director Ahern yelled.  “You wish to spare us from the ravages of your new masters.”  The room again burst into shouts and confusion.  Oban beat them down with his gavel.  
By the Order, wrong again! Ipid cursed himself.  I am making this too easy for them.  Curse my slow mind.  He took a deep breath.  “I have come to do exactly the opposite,” he yelled.  “I have come to ask you to fight, to fight with everything you have for everything you have.”
The hall erupted.  Every director yelled at once, and Oban beat the table nearly to collapse to bring the meeting to order.  Several directors raised their crests to be recognized.  Oban ignored them all.  “That is what we plan to do, Lord Ronigan.  So if that is all you have to say, you can return to your camp.  Our numbers are not great, but the walls of Thoren are still strong, the armory is well stocked, we can be resupplied from the river, and you will never get your siege engines through the streets of the outer rings to bring them against the main wall.  We will hold for a long time here, and while we hold, the nations will band together to meet you and your allies.”  
There was no outburst this time, just a mumbled agreement and collective shaking of heads.  Ipid pounded his fist on the podium in frustration trying to think of a way to convince them, but it was Oban who broke the stalemate.  “I think we have heard enough, Ipid.  Return to your allies and tell them that we are not interested in surrender.  Tell them that we are prepared to fight and will continue fighting until every brick of our walls has been leveled.  Go now.  We have much to discuss.”
Oban motioned to the guards to escort them from the room, but Ipid could not let it end here.  “Wait!”  He yelled and held his hands out to fend off the guards.  “You are wrong about my motives.  Believe what you will about my allegiances, but at least hear my message.”  
Guards had a hold of his arms and were preparing to drag him from the room.  They had surrounded Härl with lowered spears.  The large man had stood.  He eyed them warily.  He looked to Ipid for some indication of what was happening, but Ipid had no time to explain.
“Hold!” Oban yelled at the guards.  “Ipid is right.  We have not yet heard the message from his new masters.”  He looked down the sides of the long table and chuckled.  “Perhaps the Darters plan to surrender to us.”  The other directors laughed at the suggestion.
The guards released Ipid and moved back from Härl.  Ipid took a few seconds to straighten his clothes after the rough treatment.  Finally, he faced the directors.  His eyes were fixed on Oban.  “What I am going to tell you is going to sound absurd, but you must believe it is true.”
“Let us hear it, and we will determine whether or not to believe it.” 
“The Darthur, that is what they are called, have a custom that they call the Eroth Amache.  It means Battle of Testing.  It is their belief that they must test the people of each nation they conquer, must test their honor in particular.”  A quick glance along the table showed that only about half the directors were listening, but Ipid did not care.  Oban was his lone objective.  “The Darthur have decided that the Battle of Testing for the Unified Kingdoms will take place here, at Thoren.”  
He paused to gather himself.  Another director sitting near Ahern drew the breath to speak, but Oban cast him a withering glare before he made a sound.  “What does that matter to us?” he interjected in the director’s stead.
“It means that you and all the men you can muster must meet the Darthur on the common lands the morning after tomorrow to fight for the lives of every man, woman, and child in the Unified Kingdoms.”  Ipid braced himself for the expected explosion.
It came, but Director Ahern’s voice rose above it.  “So that is your angle, is it Ipid?  You will lure us out of our walls so we can be crushed by your allies?”
“That’s enough, Geoffrey,” Oban cut in.  “I warned you about. . . .”
“It is not my angle.”  Ipid interrupted Oban this time.  “It is a fact.  If you believe that I am in league with the invaders then believe that I speak for them.  If you do not meet them, the people of the Unified Kingdoms will be judged to have no honor.  Those without honor are considered a scourge by the Darthur, a scourge that must be eradicated.  They will kill everyone.  They will burn every city.  We will all die, you, me, the boys they have captured, your wives, children, every person in the Kingdoms.  They will kill us all.”  Ipid trailed off as his emotions got the best of him so that the last was little more than a whisper.
“But you must see, Ipid,” a soft voice spoke this time.  It came from the Directorate’s oldest and, in many ways, most esteemed member, the Grand Duke Meretz Oscante, the man who would have been their ruler if his grandfather had not signed the treaty that had unified the Kingdoms.  He was the longest tenured member of the Directorate, had vast holdings, and was considered a grandfather to the city, so his opinion carried great weight, even with Oban.  “You must see that this all sounds very self-serving, at least for the invaders.  We are drawn from the city.  They take it without a single building burning and use it as a fortress and supply center.  It is all just too convenient.”
The other directors muttered their assent.  
“I have to agree, Ipid,” another voice spoke.  This was from a small, balding man, Malom Thickery, Ipid’s neighbor and the father of the page that had escorted them.  He rarely spoke in meetings and always voted with Oban, so his voice drew the attention of the entire room.  “As terrible as such a fate sounds, we have no reason to believe such threats.  We have heard stories of the brutality of the invaders, but I cannot even conceive of such disregard for life as you speak.  The Order would never allow it.”
“You have not seen what I have seen.”  Ipid spoke under his breath.  His head was turned down with growing frustration.
“Perhaps you should tell us then.”  Director Ahern laughed, meaning to make a joke of Ipid’s position.
Ipid latched on to the opportunity.  “I saw an entire village slaughtered because they were inconvenient.”  He locked eyes with Duke Oscante.  “The Darthur did not want to spare the twenty men from their army of thousands that it would take to subdue the village, so they killed every living person.  They gathered the people of Gurney Bluff into the green and butchered them.  Men, women, children, all of them, dead.  I dug the grave that now holds them, dug it with these hands.”  His voice began to crack.  Tears rolled down his cheeks.  The faces of the people of Gurney Bluff played before his eyes.  “If you had been there, you would never doubt my conviction to see these monsters destroyed.  You would never doubt my allegiance.  But you have not seen.  You have not felt their cruelty, have not heard the cries of the boys they worked, starved, and tortured to the edge of sanity and death, have not nursed them back to health.  You have not dug graves to house the innocent.  You have not seen anything.
“But I have seen, and all I can do is beg you to believe me, beg you to trust my tears.”  Ipid collapsed to his knees.  He could not see for the tears that blurred his vision.  His body was wracked with sobs.  “I cannot dig any more graves.  I cannot bury any more children.  If you do not believe me, then arrest me, try me, execute me.  I will go without struggle.  I would welcome that before I see another massacre like Gurney Bluff.”  He doubled over prostrate before the directors and wept openly.  Stunned silence answered his tears.
“Bravo!  Bravo!”  Director Ahern mockery broke that silence.  Again, he slowly clapped.  “You are truly amazing . . . .”
“Shut up, Geoffrey.”  Oban’s words were ice.  
His chair sighed as his extraordinary weight rose from it, and he strode around the table to where Ipid was kneeling.  He bent over through much effort and put his hands on the back of his friend.  “Rise, my friend.  What by the Holy Order has befallen us?  What horrors you must have witnessed.  Of course, I believe you.  Your scars do not show on your skin, but to any man with eyes they are as clear as day.”  Oban helped Ipid to his feet while patting his back reassuringly.  He ignored the directors, who were whispering feverishly at the display.  
When they were standing, he yelled to the doorman, “Get me a page!”  The man jumped then ran through the door.  He returned a moment later with a boy slightly older than the one who had escorted Ipid.
Almost before he was through the door, Oban shouted, “Boy, fetch the valati.  Tell him that he is needed urgently.”  The boy jumped at the summons and ran from the room without so much as a peep.  The huge director found the doorman again.  “Is Defours still out there playing with his maps?”  The doorman nodded.  “Then get him in here too.  And send someone to the docks.  Have them find and seize the fastest boat there.  It will carry word of our decision to the Chancellor in Wildern.  Hurry now!  We have no time to lose.”  
Ipid was too stunned and disoriented by his outlay of emotions to realize what was happening.  “I heard about Gurney Bluff,” Oban whispered in his ear.  “Not everyone was killed.  A survivor carried word directly to me, but I have kept it quiet for fear of starting a panic.  I knew that you could not have been part of that, knew deep down that you would never ally yourself to anyone capable of that, but now I know for sure.”  He sighed deeply.  “If you believe we must fight, then fight we will.”

#

While they waited for the valati, Oban told the other directors what he knew about Gurney Bluff.  Ipid sat on one of the benches away from Härl and watched.  He was so drained that he could barely move and was at least somewhat embarrassed by his display.  Many of the directors still watched him with mixed emotions, but he was confident that he had at least one believer.
When Valati Lorenzo finally arrived, Oban called the session, which had gone into recess for a light dinner, back to order.  The Chairman asked Ipid to tell his story in as much detail as possible and ordered the other directors to hold their tongues.  Ipid did not disappoint.  Over an hour of undisturbed speech, he told the directors everything he knew about the invaders and their leader; gave his account of what had happened in Randor’s Pass, Gurney Bluff, and the other western villages; and disclosed his influence over the invaders’ strategies.  The directors sat in thrall of his words until he began to describe the stoche and the magic that had brought him to Thoren the night before.  Oban almost screamed himself hoarse to restore order over the cries of disbelief and accusations of blasphemy that erupted from the directors, but not even Oban could silence his fellows when Ipid recounted his conversation with Eia that morning and her claim that the te-am’ eiruh were the Lawbreakers of legend.
Through all the yelling, Ipid could tell that the consensus of the directors had changed from believing him treasonous to believing he was either insane or extremely gullible.  He had anticipated this as part of his original strategy and waited patiently for the shock to run its course.  Likewise, Oban had given up on trying to control the meeting in an apparent hope that the directors would scream themselves out of voices.  He sat back in his chair and huffed as men shouted and pointed around him.
Much to their surprise, it was Valati Lorenzo who somehow subdued the directors.  “Excuse me.  If I may,” he said in a soft voice that the directors should not have even been able to hear.  Somehow, they all grew silent.  Valati Lorenzo had been made the voice of the Holy Order in Thoren just a few months ago in what was still considered a very controversial decision by the Church.  He was sent from the Hall of Understanding in Sal Danar by the Xi’ Valati himself after the death of the previous valati, a local man who had served for over thirty years.  It was an extraordinary snub to many important counselors and had created quite an uproar in the city.  The fact that the new valati was a foreigner – and from the Empire at that – only exacerbated the situation and meant that most of the directors did not trust him.  Through his own sources, Ipid had heard that Lorenzo was highly regarded in the Hall of Understanding as a scholar, but that just made his appointment to a largely administrative post in the distant Kingdoms even less explicable.  
Now, every eye in the room was on the small, stout man.  It was the first time Ipid could remember him speaking to the Directorate since his appointment, and he did not look any more comfortable now than he had on that fateful day.  He was an ugly, little man with yellow buck teeth, huge ears, sunken eyes, a pock-marked face, and bald head.  He had blanched a sickly white that offset his dark hair and brown eyes.  Valati Lorenzo gulped and fidgeted with the wooden medallion that marked his position.  Ipid hoped that he would not faint.
“Well, what is it then?  With all respect Valati Lorenzo, we do not have all night.”  Oban bellowed at the man, but it just blanched him a paler shade of white.
“I am sorry to interrupt.”  The valati started to speak then seemed to think better of it.  “Oh . . .  my . . . .  Ahh.  I . . . ahh . . . don’t know if I should.  Ahh . . . .”
“Either you can tell us or you cannot,” Oban roared, “but if you say ‘ahh’ one more time, I am going to pack you back to Sal Danar.  His Excellence the Xi’ Valati be damned!”  Oban seemed to just then realize what he had said.  “May the Order protect and guide him,” he interjected and looked somewhat nervously toward the secretary.  “That does not need to go into the record,” he instructed.  
The secretary nodded.  He had been at his job long enough to know how to keep it.
“Now, while our fine instructor from the Church is deciding what he will say, I can confirm at least part of what Ipid has said.”  Oban looked down the table then turned to Captain Defours, who was standing at the other end of the room.  “Captain Defours, can you tell us what you know of the creatures?”
“Certainly, my lord.”  Captain Defours approached the podium, swept his lavish green cape behind him, and bowed to the directors.  “My scouts report having seen a variety of unexplainable creatures in the skies above the invading army.  They have not approached the city, so we know little of their number or capabilities, but they are said to be huge and fearsome in appearance.  We have consulted the relevant experts at the university but have not been able to explain the creatures or their existence.  We have also had unsubstantiated reports of non-flying creatures.  These have been little more than wild tales from farmers and refugees, but they are generally consistent with what Lord Ronigan just described.”
Defours bowed again but it was lost in the explosion of voices.  Most of the directors demanded to know why they had not heard of his threat prior to now.  The faces were red with rage and the spittle flew liberally to punctuate their outrage.
“Silence!”  Oban forgot his mallet, hammered his huge hand down on to the table, and stood.  His voice rose over the collective yells.  “I didn’t tell you for this very reason.  I didn’t want to start a panic, and I still don’t.  Do you all understand that?”
The yelling ceased, but the hum of murmured voices continued to pervade the room.  Oban spoke over them.  “As Captain Defours suggested, we have recruited the most learned men in the city to look into these creatures, but we still know far less than what Ipid just told us, so all I can do is confirm part of what our colleague has said.”  
Oban paused, drew a deep breath, and glowered at the valati.  “Now, Valati Lorenzo, have you decided that you have something to tell us, or is the guidance of the Church too much to ask in this troubled hour?”  Oban grumbled to himself and looked at the secretary again.  The man was already nodding his understanding.
The valati seemed to have recovered some of his color and composure, though he still fondled his medallion nervously.  “Yes, Lord Markovim, I am ready to speak, and I am sorry for causing your frustration.  I am certain that the Order will forgive your blaspheming, though it trembles at your temper.”
Oban growled at the valati and clutched his mallet.  The little man gulped and let the transgression drop.  “What I am about to tell you is known by the barest few within the Church.”  He paused again to let the weight of that sink in.  “I am sworn to keep it with my life, but I have to believe that this is the very reason that the His Excellence sent me – of all people – to fill this post.”  The valati smiled at the self-deprecation and added under his breath, “Though I can only imagine how he knew.”  
Ipid looked around to see if anyone else had heard the comment, but he was by far the closest to the valati.  No one else made a point of the comment, and Ipid did not have a chance to note it before the man continued.
“The Exiles are real,” the valati announced.  All his trepidation had gone, and the conviction of his tone left the directors stunned.  “The great teacher did not believe in metaphor or allegory.  Every word in The Book of Valatarian is true.  There are those, such as the honorable Lord Ronigan has suggested, that can muster the powers of chaos and use them to break the laws of the Holy Order.”
The room exploded.  Every director stood and yelled at the same time.  Oban finally did break his hammer trying to bring them to order and was just calling for the guards when a powerful voice cut through the confusion.  “I will be heard!”  It was the valati.  His eyes were sharp and his words echoed through the room even after it had fallen to silence.  Every eye was upon the little man, but not a sound disrupted the sudden silence.
“I have studied those scriptures and the time before the Exile most of my life, but I have to admit that, from what he has said, Lord Ronigan already knows more about the Lawbreakers and their abilities than I.  The only thing I can tell you is that they existed and, before our great savior Xionious Valatarian, their powers were vast.  I cannot confirm anything about their time in exile or their espoused change of heart.  I can tell you that their reign was a time of terrible suffering.  They worshipped turmoil.  Hatred and pain were their only goals, and order was their most dire enemy.  But my knowledge is entirely of the past, of a time almost a thousand years gone.  As we all know, much can change in that time."  The valati dropped his head and went silent. 
Still, Ipid wondered.  If what the valati had said under his breath was true, then someone knew more.  Someone knew to expect the Exiles’ return, and they had known it for some time.  He watched the valati carefully as the directors rumbled.  The little man looked nervous.  His eyes roved the room like a caged animal.  He was hiding something.  Ipid could not say what, but he was certain of it.
“My fellow directors,” Oban ended the mumbled conversations and Ipid’s contemplation of the valati.  His voice was somber but powerful and commanding.  “I thank you, Valati Lorenzo, for sharing this information.  I wish we had more time to discuss the significance of your words and why the Church has deemed to keep them secret, but that is a luxury for another time.”  Ipid had to look twice to confirm the sincerity of Oban’s conciliatory tone.  Another look at the valati showed a small smile that did not mask his desperation.
“Given these revelations,” Oban continued, “I have to say that I believe every word that our colleague, Lord Ronigan, has told us.  I also believe that Ipid was a prisoner of the invaders, that he was forced to learn their language and aid their leaders.”  He paused but did not allow interjection.  “Now, we could say that he should have died rather than aid these bloodthirsty criminal, but I also agree that his death would have bought nothing, that it is valuable to have someone working inside the enemy, someone who is learning their ways and influencing their movements.  Already, Ipid’s insight into their numbers and plans is more than every scout in the Kingdoms could have hoped to learn.  And his knowledge of the Exiles eclipses even that of the Church.”  
He looked hard at each of those gathered around him.  “Still, I am but one voice in a directorate of eleven elected voices.  As the chairman, I call a vote.  How say you, bearing in mind not only what Ipid has told us but also what you have seen and what you know about him as a man?  Those who believe that Lord Ronigan is a willing traitor and accomplice to the enemies of our people, please, raise your crests to be counted.”
Ipid looked expectantly down the table one way then the other and back again.  He was stunned by the sudden call of a vote and realized that he had no idea which way it would go.  He wished that Oban had allowed more debate, so he would at least have an idea of his fate.  As it was, several of the directors clutched their crests, watched one another, waited to see what the others would do.  Geoffrey Ahern’s fingers were white from the death grip he had on his medallion, but it did not rise off of the table.  It was as if a magical force was holding it down, making the circle of gold too heavy for him to lift.  
Still, if one of those men gained the courage to vote, others would follow.  The struggle was obvious.  Their minds fought their hearts.  Their minds told them that they should vote – all the evidence pointed to guilt – yet their hearts told them that it could not be, that it did not fit.  If they had the support of others, their minds might have the justification to defeat the conviction of their hearts, but without it, they did not have the courage to go against what their hearts told them was true.  Thus it was that each man in turn released the grip on his crest, and they fell to the table with a ringing clatter until even Geoffrey Ahern could no longer maintain his hold, and his crest rattled to the planks.
Oban let out a great sigh, and Ipid suppressed a laugh of joy.  “We are only half way there, my friend,” Oban mouthed so that only Ipid could see then looked back to the directors seated around him.  
“I am pleased to see that you all had the courage to trust your hearts.  I ask you to do so once more, for we still have not decided on the proposal brought to us by Lord Ronigan that the people of Thoren should participate in this ‘Battle of Testing’ at the request of our enemies, that we should meet them in a battle that would most certainly be our destruction in order to save the lives of countless others.”
The big man paused to allow the gravity of his words to resonate.  The table was silent.  “Again, I will give you my view on this issue.  We have already said that our trusted colleague is not in willing league with the enemy.  Thus we must believe that Ipid believes that he is speaking the truth.  That, however, does not mean that he is speaking the truth.”  Ipid’s heart sank at the words.  Was he destined to win the battle for his name only to lose the one for his home?  “It is possible that our colleague has been deluded by the invaders, that he has been tricked into bringing this proposal to us on false pretenses.  In fact, I think that is likely the case.  The alternative does not ring true to me, does not sound logical, does not make sense.”
It was over.  Ipid felt the wind go out of him as if he had been kicked in the stomach.  His shoulders slouched.  He wanted to collapse onto the ground and die.  
“However,” Oban’s voice rose to a roar; hope was reborn.  “I am not sure that we can risk making that assumption.  What if Lord Ronigan does speak true?  What if we don’t heed him and countless thousands are murdered as a result?  Is that risk worth the gain of holding the city?  There will be other cities to stand against the invaders, and if they are lying now, we will not fall for their tricks again.  But if they are telling the truth, we will not have the option to try again.  We have already heard what these depraved men are capable of doing, of their disregard for life.  We have confirmation from Valati Lorenzo that the invaders are in league with the Lawbreakers.  Who is to say that they would not do as Ipid suggests?  And if they do, if women and children are slaughtered because we stayed hidden behind these stout walls, do you think that the Holy Order will welcome us when we too have met our end?  I for one, think that this is a small sacrifice to make given the risks we run.  One city, one garrison weighted against the lives of every person in the Kingdoms.  In my mind, it is not a difficult measure.”
They had a chance, Ipid thought as Oban finished.  He looked at the faces gathered around the table but could not read them, could not tell which way a vote would swing.  Oban opened his mouth to call for that vote, but a crest rose into the air before he could.  
“I will have my say, Lord Markovim.”  It was Geoffrey Ahern.  He was not defeated after all.  “You cannot withhold debate on such an important topic.  I will be heard.”
Oban sighed.  “You are quite correct, Lord Ahern.  Please, proceed.”
Having won the right to speak appeared to surprise Lord Ahern, and he spent a long moment searching for his voice.  When he managed to gather himself, however, his words were smooth and confident.  “I, along with the rest of you, agreed that Lord Ronigan is no willing traitor.  I too was moved by his words, by his story, and I stand by my vote in that matter, but I see his motives in a different light.  He is no willing accomplice, but rather a broken man who will do anything to please his masters.  You heard him talk about his torture, his fear, his desire to improve his standing with the invaders.  He claims that this willingness to aid them is fueled by a desire to influence and defeat them from within, but what if it is really done to save his skin?  What if Lord Ronigan has been so abused that he no longer knows the difference?  What if his real desire is to gain some slight security from his new masters by delivering to them the jewel that is Thoren intact and undefended?”
The sallow-faced director stared down the table with his dark-brown eyes to drive his point home.  “I say to you, my fellow directors, far from being the devil for not sacrificing ourselves, we will be the goats of history if we are so easily duped.  Who is to say that these Darthur will not kill us all no matter what we do?  I, for one, say that we should use these strong walls and buy time for our allies.  We are the bulwark that must hold if the Kingdoms, yea the world, are to have a chance in this war, and I will not see that bulwark crumble so easily.”  He pounded his fist down to end and glared down the table.  The looks in many of the eyes there showed that his word had resonated.  The situation was desperate.
“Your bulwark will not last a day,” Ipid mumbled.
“What is that, Lord Ronigan?” Grand Duke Oscante asked, his hand behind his ear for emphasis.
“I am sorry, my lord.  I said that the city will not last a day against the power I have seen from the invaders.  Valati Lorenzo has confirmed the power of the Exiles.  They will tear down these ‘strong walls’ without every coming into range of your defenses.  From what I have seen, you have a better chance on an open field than you do from within these walls.”
Several heads nodded at Ipid’s words including the valati – though the distance in his eyes suggested that he was nodding at something very different.  The man did not say anything further, but others saw him, and Ipid hoped that they would be influenced by his apparent assent.
“We have heard several valid arguments.”  Oban brought everyone back to the task at hand.  “If no one else has anything to add, then it is time that we decide.  This, my friends, may be the most significant decision you ever make.  Personally, I can see both sides and give great credence to what Director Ahern has said.  So I leave it to you to decide what you believe.  Because of the importance of this vote, I call for a blind tally.  Captain Defours, Valati Lorenzo, and Secretary Smalters will witness the vote.  Ipid, as you have been cleared of any wrongdoing and are still a member of this directorate.  Please, take your seat.”
Ipid was stunned.  He had not imagined that he would be allowed to vote, but because the Directorate was ten without him, he would be the tiebreaker if things went that way.  He had to keep himself from running around the table to his seat, two down from Oban on the left.  Geoffrey Ahern glared at him the entire time, but Ipid did not care.  He found his things on the table exactly as they should be and gripped his crest tightly, prepared for the vote.  
A blind tally meant that all the directors would close their eyes while the votes were being cast.  The three witnesses would tally the votes and the secretary would relate the result back to the chairman.  No one but the three witnesses and the guards would ever know how the individual directors voted, and they were sworn to secrecy upon penalty of expulsion from the city.  Likewise a director who was caught peeking during the vote would be stripped of office, lands, and titles and cast out of the city.  Because of these complexities, blind tallies were extremely rare and only used for the most controversial of circumstance.  
Ipid’s hands were already trembling as he closed his eyes and waited for Oban to call for the vote.  “On the matter of the Battle of Testing,” he announced in a booming voice.  “All those that will have the men of Thoren, as many as can be mustered, stand against the invaders upon the common lands two mornings thus as described by Lord Ronigan, please raise your crests and be counted.”
There was a swirling of cloth around him, but Ipid could not tell how many arms had risen.  At least it wasn’t silence, he thought.  A suggestive cough from in front of him interrupted his contemplation with the realization that he had forgotten to raise his crest.  Thanking the Order for the secretary, his hand shot up.  He held it there for what seemed a long time, cursing himself the entire time and barely avoiding his desperate desire to peek.
Secretary Smalters broke the tension with another cough.  “We are ready for the dissenters.”
Oban chimed again, “All who say that the men of Thoren shall stay within the good walls of this city and bide time for our allies while risking the destruction of our nation and all who populate it, please raise your crest and be counted.”
There was another swish of material on material.  But was it louder than the last one?  Ipid could not be sure.  He kept his hand locked to the table before him, unwilling to breathe for fear that he might be misrepresented.  The need to look was even greater now.  He barely suppressed it.
When he could take it no longer, the secretary cleared his throat.  “The vote has been tallied and certified by three witnesses, of which I am one.”  His voice was high-pitched but formal.  “It is my duty to inform you, Lord Chairman, that the ‘yea’s’ have carried the vote: seven votes to four.  The Directorate has spoken, and so its bidding shall be done.”
Ipid’s eyes shot open, and he nearly bounded from his seat before a glance at Oban stanched his revere.  There was no joy in the big man’s eyes, no sign of victory, and his cold expression restored Ipid’s perspective.  His victory was these men’s death sentence.  They had bravely voted away their lives in the service of their countrymen, had voted away their lives on Ipid’s word, on their trust in him.  There was no reason to celebrate, Ipid realized, and he suddenly wished that he had not voted at all.



Chapter 36


The procession of men across the valley seemed as if it would never end, column after column appeared at the crest of the hill to the west, marched through the valley, and disappeared over the next rise in the east as if on a loop.  From the position of the sun, Dasen had been watching the invaders pass for nearly an hour, every unit the same, five thousand men with no variation in their dress, formations, or weapons.  If not for the strangeness of the dress, formations, and weapons, he would have been lulled to sleep by now.
“How many you think there will be?” he whispered to Teth at his side.  He looked at her through the few stalks of grass that separated their faces.  It surrounded them where they lay at the crest of the hill, tall and thick, shielded them from the view of the men below, and bent to form an arched roof over them.
She thought a moment then licked her lips.  “I think they’re almost done.  See, there are wagons cresting the hill.  I think that will be their supply train.  Usually, it’s that, a rear guard, and that’s it.  I’m guessing six thousand all told.”
“That’s one of the biggest units we’ve seen.”
“And the strangest.  Look at their hair.  It’s pure white.”
“Not as strange as the guys who sang and danced rather than marching.  The ones with all the drums.”
“Yeah, but I liked them.  These are just spooky.  The way they march, all tall strides and perfect cadence, it’s just not right, like an army of ghosts or something.”
Dasen considered that.  The men below did resemble ghost.  They wore ash-gray pants and shirts that accented their snow-white skin and flowing, nearly translucent, hair.  But the similarity ended there.  They wore planks of polished wood as armor and carried large packs.  Most of them carried tall spears with narrow points that caught the sun six feet above their heads. The exceptions were the men in every third row, who carried tall shields of bronze-coated wood on their backs and small crossbows at their belts.  As Teth had said, they marched with high strides that were perfectly matched to the cadence supplied by drummers at the front of each company.  Flanking each drummer were flag bearers who carried square banners depicting a stork flying over a golden sun.  
“They are spooky,” Dasen finally agreed, “but more because of the discipline.  I mean who marches like that through the middle of a nowhere?  Who do they think they’re impressing?”  
“You mean the Kingdoms’ soldiers don’t march in perfect unison?  I’m shocked.  But they’re so well trained and disciplined.”
Dasen rolled his eyes at the sarcasm.  Ever since they unified, the Kingdoms had been aggressively peaceful.  Ironically, the Kingdoms’ unifier and first Chancellor, Alden Kavich, had fought and won the wars to unify the kingdoms because his oldest son had been killed in a skirmish with a rival kingdom.  In his sorrow, he had pledged to bring peace to the kingdoms so no more sons would be lost to war.  Once he had allied with or defeated all the dukes, he abolished the original kingdoms, divided the land into the current districts, established a system by which land owners elected their leaders, and dismantled most of the military forces.  Ever since, the army of the Kingdoms had remained small, used primarily to patrol the roads, keep the Sylians from raiding the border, and generally keep the peace. 
“The soldiers might not be much of a threat,” Dasen replied, “but I don’t begrudge any army trying to capture Thoren.  Unless you have boats to attack from the river, you’d be fighting house to house through the outer rings just to get to the main wall.”
“Thank you General Ronigan.  Do you have any orders for your grasshopper army before you prepare the city’s defenses?”  Teth made a mock salute where she lay.  Dasen stuck his tongue out at her.  “I dare you to come over here and do that,” Teth chided in response.  Dasen was only too happy to oblige.
When they managed to pull themselves apart, they recovered the distance they had slid down from the crest of the hill just in time to see the last of the “phantom legion,” as Teth decided to call them, disappear to the east.  After a few more minutes without further signs of activity, they retreated a short way down the back of the hill and lay out of the sun under a small ridge.  Though it was still early, the day was going to be hot, and they were both thankful for the shade.  They drank the last remnants of water from a topless bottle they had found lying beside a roadside well the previous night.  With Thoren still a night’s walk away, they were going to get very thirsty, and that was assuming they found a way to sneak into the likely besieged city.  They had finished the last of their food the night before, so with stomachs rumbling, they lay close together in the shade and fell asleep.

#

“Dasen, wake up!”  Teth’s urgent whisper stirred Dasen from a deep sleep.  Somewhere, he heard the rhythm of horses’ hooves.  Teth shook him again.  “Now, Dasen!  There are riders on our side of the hill.”
Dasen’s eyes shot open.  He shook his head and tried to focus.  He maneuvered around Teth in their tiny sanctuary and followed her eyes to a dozen riders who were just entering the broad valley below.  The grass on this side of the hill was scrub.  It provided almost no protection, left them horribly exposed, but the invaders were not supposed to be on this side.  They had assumed that the army would stick to the road, that as long as they were out of view from the thoroughfare they were safe.  What are the bastards doing over here?  
“We have to try to make the ridge,” Teth said, her words laced with fear.  “When they go behind that stand of trees, their view will be blocked.  We’ll go then.”  They both held their breaths waiting for the riders to disappear behind a half-dozen scraggly trees that stood alone at the bottom corner of their hill.  
“Go!”  Teth announced and broke for the top of the hill.  Dasen was right behind her.  Staying low was pointless since the grass only came to their knees, so they sprinted all out, praying that the trees would shield them from below, that more men were not waiting above.  The hill was steep, and their feet slipped as the dug for purchase, but it was only a short distance.  After a few strides, they threw themselves over the ridge and dove into the thick grass on the lush southern face of the hill.  Their heads immediately shot up, scanning the road below for the next threat.  They exhaled.  It was gloriously empty.  
Relief lasted just long enough for smiles to form on their faces.  The sound of hooves galloping around the hill erased them.  “Run!” Teth ordered.  Dasen did as she suggested, sprinting for all his was worth along the ridge of the hill.  Behind them six riders appeared on the road and angled up their side of the hill.  On the other side, another six riders were paralleling the steep northern face waiting for their quarry.  They were trapped, but Teth was never one to give up.  The ridge ended, and she dashed down the eastern slope.  There was nowhere there to hide, no chance of outrunning the horses, but Dasen followed anyway.  Angling across the face of the hill, the riders were on them before they were halfway down.  Dasen heard the horses behind him then something whistling.  A second later, his feet fell out from beneath him.  He landed on his hands and felt the air rush from him as his body followed.
By the time he recovered his air, he was surrounded.  A spear was held absently at his chest, so he remained on his back and brought up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.  The riders, eight all told, laughed as if his surrender were a tremendous joke.  They spoke boisterously among themselves in a foreign language without any seeming concern for their captive.  Dasen looked at his feet and saw that they were tangled in a short rope with heavy balls on each end.  That explained what had tripped him.  He searched next for Teth.  Not finding her, his hope rose that she had escaped.
That hope was lost as quickly as it had formed.  Four more riders pushed through the tall grass to his right with Teth prodded along before them.  Her hands were tied behind her back, and she stumbled as she walked over the rough ground without her arms for balance.  
The man who held the spear at Dasen’s chest yelled something to the men who had captured Teth.  One of them yelled back, holding up Teth’s long knife for emphasis, and the men in the clearing burst into laughter.  Teth did not look nearly so amused.  She did not appear to be hurt, but she wore a scowl that was almost a snarl, and he would have sworn that he heard her growl as she plopped down beside him in the matted grass.  
Trying to avoid Teth’s rancor, Dasen turned to examine their captors.  They were of average size though a bit slight of build – certainly not the same men who had attacked Randor’s Pass.  They had delicate features like porcelain dolls, with slight noses, small ears, and thin faces that led to tapered jaws.  Their skin was dark but not unusually so, and their jet-black hair was cut in a small circle that ended just above the ears.  They wore plain clothes like those of the forest masters – simple shirts of dark olive-green and light-brown pants made from the hide of some indistinguishable animal.  The horses they rode were tall and sleek but not strange in their size or beauty.
The riders spoke among themselves for several minutes seemingly oblivious to their captives before one of them leapt from his mount and came around behind Dasen.  The man grabbed his arm, flipped him like a child onto his stomach, and forced his face to the ground.  A knee to the back held him in place as the man tied his hands with a tight leather cord.  
Bindings in place, the rider lifted Dasen then Teth to their feet.  He led them the rest of the way down the hill to the road then, with a friendly pat on the back, leapt onto his horse in a single motion.  The men spoke to each other for another minute then, without apparent thought for their captives, turned and rode back around the hill.  
Dasen was just wondering if they intended to leave them bound in the middle of the road when he heard the hooves pounding the road behind him.  With a sudden flash of fear, he started to run.  By the Order, they’re going to impale us or trample us into the road.  Beside him, Teth caught his eye and looked at him with fear, regret, and sorrow.  The horses were on top of them, shaking the very ground beneath their feet.  Dasen expected to feel a spear pushing through him at any moment, to feel a hoof smash him to the ground.  He drew the breath to say goodbye to Teth, when a hand grabbed hold of his arm and launch him into the air.  
He landed on his stomach across the front of the horse.  He retched as the saddle dug into his guts and struggled to keep his head from bouncing from his shoulders.  The motion was rewarded with a swat to his rump.  He squirmed again to escape the abuse, and the rider hit him even harder, spanking him like a child.  Every time he moved, the man swatted his rump hard enough to make him squeal.  Until finally, he learned his lesson and settled in as best he could for the long, miserable ride.

#

By the time the rider pulled him off of the saddle and dropped him on a barren patch of ground, Dasen was delirious.  He fell to his side and retched, but he’d lost his stomach’s paltry contents long ago.  Moaning and writhing in the dirt like a worm, he squinted up at the rider framed by the sun on the other side of a rail fence.  The man was smiling.  He reached down with the butt of his spear, patted Dasen on the back, and said some words that sounded as if they were meant to be encouraging.  Then he wheeled his mount around and rode away, chatting amiably with the rider who had carried Teth.
Ordeal finally over, Dasen took a number of deep breaths and tried to recover.  Hands numb and still bound behind his back, there was little he could do for his myriad miseries.  He closed his eyes against the pounding of his head, but that only seemed to start the world bouncing all over again.  He dared not sit for the burning of his rear where he had been spanked.  And his guts ached with every breath.  In all, he was not sure the riders had been merciful in not trampling him into the road.
Recognizing a groaning on his other side, he turned his head and saw Teth a few feet away.  She was doubled up, knees pressed to her chest, looking every bit as bad as he felt.  She caught his eye.  Her face turned firm, fear clear in her eyes.  “I’m a boy,” she whispered.  “Your male cousin, do you understand?”
Dasen nodded, then stopped as the motion nearly made him retch.  “Any idea where we are?” he asked.
“In a pen.  Probably in the invaders’ camp.  We were riding for a long time, going east, I think.  We may even be outside Thoren.  Can you get your hands free?”  Teth squirmed, obviously testing her own bonds. 
“I can’t even feel my hands, let alone move them.”
“Well we’ll never get out of here like this.”  Teth grunted as she pulled on the bindings.
“Don’t bother, you’ll just hurt yourself,” a new voice said.  It was casual, almost friendly, and spoke in the Imperial tongue.  A shadow followed the words, landing over both of their eyes as a tall figure positioned himself above them.  “Hold still a minute, and I’ll cut you loose.”  The figure, a sun-smeared shadow from their perspective, bent.  The blade of a short knife shimmered as he pulled it from his belt and brought it around.  Dasen’s heart leapt as the knife disappeared behind him.  But after a bit of painful tugging, his hands were free.  
He brought them to his chest and tried to rub some feeling back into them.  His teeth clenched as the blood returned, bringing pins and needles with it.  
“Who are you?” Teth snapped behind him.  He heard her scuttle away from the figure.  Dasen had no such ambitions.  He slowly brought himself up to sitting, trying to find a comfortably way to sit on his tender rump.
“Ral Pasdner,” the figure answered Teth immediately with no indication of taking offense at her tone.  “You could say I’m the top layer of dirt around here.  Even if I’m on top, I get stepped on just the same.  You, my new friends, are, for better or worse, several layers farther down.”
“Where are we?”  Teth’s tone had not modulated to match Ral’s friendly banter.
“You are in a sheep pen.  Rolling in the dirt like a pig.”  Ral knelt to their level, exiting the sun so that they could finally see him.  He was a young man, maybe a year or two older than Dasen and Teth.  He was ragged, dirt smeared, and shaggy as if he had not bathed, shaved, or combed his hair in weeks.  A closer look revealed that his tattered shirt and worn pants had once been fine.  Those clothes hung off of him like a scarecrow, but Dasen could only imagine that such fine clothes had also been properly tailored – Ral had lost a great deal of weight.  “And that’s about as high as you’re going to get,” Ral continued.  “The Darthur at least think before they kill pigs.  With you . . . .”  He paused and looked quickly to the side, like a rabbit having heard a snapping twig.  
Dasen followed his eyes but didn’t make it to the source of his anxiety.  The pen that housed them was situated on a slight rise, allowing him to see past the split rails through a number of two-story structures beyond an expanse of green pasture to the towers, the three walls, the countless building, the wide grey river.  “We’re in Wilmont,” he said softly.  
Ral’s eyes popped back to Dasen.  “Right you are.  Not that it matters one whit.  We might as well be on the moon, and the sooner you get your heads around that, the better.  Now, I’ve introduced myself, so what are your names, or did the Darthur jar the manners out of you?”
Before Dasen could hope to answer, Teth spoke.  “My name is Kevin Muldon, and this is my slow, but older, brother Wil.”
Ral looked at Teth then started to laugh.  It was a low, cautious laugh, and he watched the surrounding buildings furtively with each guffaw, but he seemed unable to contain it.  When his laughter had been reduced to chuckles, he shook his finger in her face.  “That is truly bad luck.  Of all the names to choose.  I just saw Wil Muldon a few minutes ago.  He was chopping wood, and you don’t even look like him.  As for Kevin, he died a week ago.”  He had one more laugh, wiped a tear from his eye, and turned back to them.  “If you want to lie, you should just make up a name.  Otherwise, there’s always someone who can reveal the truth.”  
Dasen barely noticed a word Ral said after the mention of Wil, and especially Kevin.  His thoughts went instantly to Mr. Muldon looking for his sons.  Obviously, he’d never found them, and now at least one of them was gone for good.  The sadness of it doubled the ache in his already throbbing guts.  
“We are all in the same mess here,” Ral said.  “The Darthur don’t like any of us any more than another.  They don’t care what you did before you were caught.  Even if they did, no one but Ipid speaks their language, so I couldn’t tell on you even if I wanted to or they cared to know.  Take me.  My father ran thirty different caravans through the forests.  He was one of the wealthiest men in the Kingdoms, and these brutes treat me like any commoner.  On the same note, they treat any commoner like the son of one of the Kingdoms’ wealthiest men.”  
Ral paused and thought about what he had said, checking the accuracy of the scrambled logic.  Dasen had been dying to interrupt and didn’t miss his chance.  “Did you say, Ipid?  As in Lord Ipid Ronigan?”
“Shhhhh!” Ral nearly grabbed Dasen’s mouth as he searched their surroundings.  “Never use his title.  He’s very firm about that.”
“But he’s my father,” Dasen blurted only to hear Teth exhale sharply beside him.
“What?” Ral asked.  “What are you trying to say, that you’re Dasen Ronigan?”  He seemed to consider this claim only slightly more credible than the first.  He looked Dasen over from head to toe, frowning the entire time.  “I guess you fit the description, but where’s your wife?  Ipid said you’d just left your joining ceremony.”
Dasen could practically feel Teth’s heart racing, her eyes boring into him from the side.  “Ironically enough,” he said, “we left her with the Muldon’s.  We stayed with them right after their sons were taken.  This,” he motioned to Teth, “is my valet . . . Peter Harbisher.  We’ve been running from the invaders since just outside Randor’s Pass.  We were trying to make it to Thoren, but a patrol caught us earlier today.”  He ended by extending his hand to Ral.
Ral looked at his hand suspiciously then shrugged and shook it warily.  “Well, I guess we’ll find out the truth soon enough.  Ipid was here yesterday and asked about you.  He didn’t say anything about a valet, but he can clear it up when he gets back from the city.  In the meantime, the Darthur don’t care who you are.  Get that through your head.  They don’t care that you’re rich.  They don’t care that your father is their leader’s favorite.  They’ll kill you as soon as look at you, so your best defense is to not have any of them look at you.  Got it?”
Dasen nodded solemnly.  The last two weeks had already rid him of any sense of grandeur he might have harbored, and he certainly had no intention of making himself known to the invaders, or Darthur as they must be called.  But he was desperate to know more about his father.  A translator?  A favorite of the invaders’ leader?  Getting back from the city?  The questions piled up in his mind, fighting to be the first out.
“So what exactly is going on here?” Teth asked before Dasen could manage to order his thoughts.  
“Well, that seems kind of obvious,” Ral returned with sudden distaste.  “You have been captured by the Darthur – invaders from across the Clouded Range if you’re that far behind.  This is where they keep boys about your age.  We look after the camp, cook the meals, gather wood, and any other task they want us to do.”
Ral's mood seemed to deteriorate further after that.  He shot them each a distasteful look.  “Speaking of which, there's still a lot of work to be done before we sleep tonight, and I've already spent too much time with you two.  Ipid left me in charge, so you two do whatever I say, got it?  If there’s any complaining, lazing, or whining, you don’t eat.  And don’t think you get any special privileges because of your father.  Remember what I said.  The Darthur don’t care who you are, and neither do I.”  
He hit Dasen with an odious look that set him back.  He wanted to assure Ral that he had no aspirations to his post, but Ral spoke over him as he drew the breath.  “I’ll show you around the camp and get you started, but before we leave this pen there are a few things you need to know:  Do not speak if any of the Darthur are around no matter what they do.  Do not ever look them in the eye.  Do not let them see you lazing about.  Even if there is nothing to do, find something to make yourself look busy, even if you’re sleeping, even if you’re pissing, make yourself look busy.  Do not ever, ever, ever, for any reason, touch their weapons or horses.  And do not even think about running off.  At the least, any of those will earn you a beating.  At the worst, they’ll land your head on the ground several feet from the remainder of your body.  Understand?”  
Dasen and Teth both nodded.  
“Good, then follow me, and keep your yaps shut.”



Chapter 37


The ax raced down and sank into the top of the log almost exactly where Dasen had aimed the blow.  He smiled and silently congratulated himself; he had come a long way.  
The self-satisfied look on Ral’s face should have been enough to tell him that he was getting a bad assignment, but Wil Muldon had made it look so easy that Dasen did not think much about it.  He had looked at the remnants of the carefully maintained grove of apple trees that had been established at one end of the Wilmont green.  Only a few of the trees remained standing, their emerging fruit rotting on the ground.  The only obvious source of fuel for miles, the trees and their potential crop had been sacrificed to the invaders’ cook fires.  At some point, the trees had been cut down and sawed into logs.  Wil Muldon had been splitting those logs into quick-burning fractions and piling them on a two-wheeled cart.  A big shouldered, broad chested barrel of a man, Wil drove his ax effortlessly through log after log, dissecting them with single, decisive blows.  
Ral had provided no instruction or direction beyond pointing toward an ax – he had assigned Teth to hauling water with the same aplomb.  Wil had acknowledged his companion with a nod but offered nothing more.  So with a shrug, Dasen had placed a log on a stump and lifted the heavy ax.  His first swing had missed the log entirely, the ax head ending its downward arc a terrifying few inches from his big toe.  Though more cautious, the next blow was not much better.  He had hit the log just hard enough to upend it and send it spinning painfully into his shin.  
Finally, with a gruff chuckle, Wil had provided some much needed instruction.  Now, though it took him several blows, he could at least split the hard logs without serious injury.  As Wil had shown him, he lifted the ax, bringing the log with it and brought it back down onto the stump.  He smiled as the ax bit deeper into the log forcing the wood apart.  A few more blows and the log splintered into two nearly equal halves.  He returned one of the halves to the stump and prepared his next blow.  
“You know, I saw your family,” Dasen said as he aimed, thinking to strike a conversation.  “Louisa, Danny, and the baby . . . .”
“Not now,” Wil warned.  “No talking.”
Dasen clamped his jaw shut and watched Wil.  Was it just his imagination that Wil’s arms were shaking slightly as he lifted the ax, that the following blow was not as powerful or accurate, that he had a sudden distance in his eyes?  Hard memories, Dasen realized.  He doesn’t want to think about them now.  I was an ass to even mention them.  
He was just preparing to apologize when he saw Wil’s eyes pop.  He was blanched with fear and almost tripping over himself to get a new log on his stump.  His hands shook as he scrambled for the log, and he looked at Dasen with desperation, nearly begging him with his eyes. 
Dasen soon found the source of Wil’s distress.  Emerging from the tents that covered every inch of the town green were three enormous warriors.  They took seats on stumps on the other side of the former grove and started to pick at the food on the wooden plates they carried.  They spoke loudly among themselves in their foreign language without seeming to notice the work being done a few paces away.  That lack of attention did not matter to Wil.  His fear was obvious in his every movement, and he was suddenly working at a blistering pace.  
Dasen tried to match him, but there was no chance of that.  In only a few minutes, his arms were trembling, his breath came in gasps, there was a painful cramp in his side, and he could feel the blisters forming on his hands.  As the minutes passed and his miseries grew, log after log, swing after swing.  He began watching the warriors with real hatred.  He watched them talking between bites, relishing their meals, arguing over some trivial matter, and prayed that they would just finish their meal and leave.  He cursed them under his breath and imagined their heads on his stump as he brought the ax down, feeling the pain it caused in his arms, back, and hands.  
A new log followed the last, but before Dasen could lift the ax, a string of strange words shook the clearing.  He looked up and narrowly caught himself before his eyes met those of the man who had spoken.  The warrior bellowed again, “Kälargh duthür’ra tu churtü-thie, te-adeate!”  
Dasen did not understand a word, but Wil helped him again.  He dropped his ax and ran eagerly to the warriors, head bowed, shoulders slumped, knees bent, hands out, a beggar receiving alms from a king.  Dasen followed, trying his best to match what appeared to be a well-practiced posture of belittlement.  The warriors handed their plates to the boys without even looking toward them and walked off without another word.  
As soon as they were out of sight, Wil attacked the scraps remaining on the two plates he had taken, voraciously lapping them up with his fingers and shoveling it into his mouth as if he had not eaten in weeks.  Dasen looked at the plate he had been given.  It held a few pieces of boiled potato, a bone with a few traces of meat, and a corner of doughy flatbread.  Revolted, Dasen almost refused the scraps, but a painful rumble from his stomach reminded him that he had not eaten in more than a day.  With a great breath, he swallowed his pride and tried to keep from thinking about the man who had been chewing on these scraps a moment before.  
When he finished, Wil grabbed his plate, licked it clean, and gnawed on the bone until not even a dog would be interested in what was left.  He looked at the setting sun, the smoke rising from the camp in endless streamers, then at Dasen.  He licked his lips, a hungry look in his eye that set Dasen back, and said, “I’ll deliver the wood.  You keep chopping till Ral dismisses ya.”
A moment later, he had added the empty plates to the top of the cart and was pulling it down a narrow road defined only by the larger gap between the rows of tents.  Dasen sighed, feeling the pit in his stomach more acutely now that it had been reminded of its purpose.  He looked back at the pile of logs, at his ax, then at his raw hands.  The very thought of hefting the ax was torture.  
He was just wondering what would happen if he stopped, when Teth slipped through the nearby tents and walked quickly toward him.  She held two wooden buckets suspended from each end of a sturdy pole that was spread across her shoulders.  The buckets were noticeably empty and swung effortlessly back and forth as she maneuvered around the last of the tents.  She nervously inspected the stumps around them.  “Dasen, quick, follow me.  We’re getting out of here,” she whispered as she passed.  
Dasen tried to question her, but she shot him an icy glare, so he snapped his mouth shut and fell in silently behind her.  

#

“You were right,” Teth said in hushed tones over her shoulder as they walked.  “There is no system at all for controlling our movements.  The warriors don’t even notice us as long as they think we’re doing work.  While I was fetching water, I walked all over the camp and the village without anyone sparing me a glance.”
Dasen had spoken that thought out loud as Ral was giving them a very cursory tour of the camp, but he had had no intentions of actually testing the theory.  Ral’s warnings about what happened to those who drew the Darthurs’ notice had been enough for him.  He should have known that Teth would not possess any such sense of caution
“That may allow us to move around the camp, but how are we going to get out of the camp?” he whispered back – she was going to get him killed.  “I think the invaders might get curious if they see a couple of people walking across an empty field with buckets.”
Teth looked back and grinned as if she expected the question.  “It’s going to be a dark night.  The moon is almost new, and it won’t be up for a long time.”  
Dasen looked up.  The last rays of the sun were just falling below the horizon, and the moon was nowhere to be seen, but that did not reassure him.  His expression betrayed his skepticism.  
Teth was not deterred.  “I figure we can use these buckets to get to the very farthest end of the camp. . . .”  Teth fell silent as one of the warriors came into view.  She dropped her eyes to the ground and quickened her pace as they passed each other in opposite directions between the tents.  Despite almost touching them, the huge man did not spare them a glance.  Dasen suspected that if there had been any less room, he would have stepped on them without ever looking down to see what was under his foot.  
A few seconds after the warrior passed, they turned a corner between the tents and saw the small well that serviced their part of the camp.  To one side of the area was a huge bed of coals with pots, pans, and collapsible stoves scattered across it.  Several boys surrounded those coals, dragging the cooking implements from the fire, cleaning them out, and meticulously washing them.  Any remaining scraps of food were piled on a tarp where Ral sat with Wil and several of the older captives.  They ate greedily from the scraps as the younger boys looked on longingly.
Teth cursed.  “They’re done serving the food.  If there were invaders around, we could sneak in and get you some buckets without anyone raising an eye.  Now we’ll have to deal with Ral.”  She took a deep breath.  “Follow my lead, and try to do a better job of lying.”  She lowered her shoulders and strode toward the well as if nothing unusual was happening.
Ral saw them approach, rose to his feet, and pointed a skeletal finger at Teth.  “Where have you been?  You’ve been gone all evening.  How hard is it to deliver water?”  When he noticed Dasen trailing behind, his admonishment turned to fury.  “Did I tell you to stop chopping wood?  Do you two think this is some kind of game?”  His voice was cast low so as not to draw attention, but his anger was clear, and the other boys began moving away from him.  “Well, it’s not!  This is serious!  And I won’t let you spoiled brats get the rest of us killed.”  Ral dropped his voice to sound ominous.  “We have our own brand of punishment for the likes of you.”
Faced with that barrage, Dasen expected Teth to wrestle Ral to the ground, break his fingers, and assume control of the captives, but she lowered her head, looking more chastened than he thought possible.  “I’m really sorry it took me so long,” she whispered meekly.  “I was on my way back here when one of the Darthur made me follow him all over the camp with his saddle.  When he let me go, I didn’t know where I was.  I wandered around until I found Dasen, and he offered to lead me back here.”
Ral looked at them both suspiciously, shifting his gaze from one to the other as if weighing them.  His judgment was passed as if he were being merciful to a fault.  “Okay.  Because you’re new, I’ll let it go, but pay closer attention to where you are.  And don’t ever leave your work without my permission.”  He paused and thought.  “I was saving a portion of this for you, but I think a night of hunger would do you two some good.  Now, both of you, can spend the rest of the night filling the water barrels around the camp.  And I better see you back here often.  Got it.”  With a motion of his hand, he dismissed them and returned to his scraps.
Teth ran to the well with Dasen on her heels.  They drew the water, filled four buckets to the brim, lifted poles onto their shoulders, and headed back into the tents.  As soon as they were out of sight, Teth turned south toward the town.  
“As I was saying,” Teth continued when they were clear of the well, “if we can get to the edge of the camp, it’s a clear run from there to the city.  There don’t appear to be any patrols, and I doubt anyone will miss us.”  She smiled over her shoulder, obviously pleased with herself.  She gestured toward the western sky with her buckets.  “I think those might help as well.”
In the sky to the north and west, a mountain of dark clouds bubbled across the horizon.  They were darker than the already dark night.  Lightning flashed between them punctuated by the distant roll of thunder that was evident now that Dasen knew to listen for it.  The storm was clearly heading toward them, and Dasen had to agree that it would make it very difficult for anyone to see them once they were out of the camp.  He also agreed that this was probably the best chance they would have to escape the invaders, and given his limited experience with Ral and the invaders, he had no desire to stay, but there was another consideration.  Ral had said that his father would be back tonight.  He could not miss the opportunity to see him, had to let him know that he was alright and find out what had happened to Rynn.  He could not leave now.
He was drawing the breath to tell Teth when another warrior passed.  The words hung frozen on his lips, dying to escape, but the warriors grew more numerous as they wove through the tents, so he followed Teth in begrudging silence until they made it out of the tents and into the town.  They were able to move quickly between the buildings, but the streets were crowded, so they kept their heads down and remained silent.  To Dasen’s relief, none of the invaders paid them the slightest attention, and Teth led the way through the maze as if she had lived in the town her entire life.  
By the time they made it to the huge inn at the town’s center, Dasen could wait no longer.  As they passed the alley that separated the inn from the next shop, he pulled her aside.  He made a quick inspection to ensure that no one had noticed the diversion then lowered his buckets and turned to Teth.  “I think your plan is a good one, Teth, but I can’t do it.  Not right now.”  Teth looked at him as if he was crazy, but he held up his hand and continued, “You heard what Ral said about my father.  He’ll be here tonight, tomorrow at the latest.  I have to see him.  I have to know that he’s alright and let him know that we’re alright.”
“But this could be our only chance, and you know he'd want you to escape,” Teth begged.
“I know, but I just can’t do it.  I have to see him.”  Dasen stopped and looked long into her eyes.  He could not read her expression.  “I understand if you want to go.  If you get to the city, make your way to the other side of the river.  My father has an estate there.  Anyone can tell you where it is.  Once you’re there, tell the servants who you are.  Ask for my father’s secretary, Paul.  He’ll know you, I’m sure.  After that . . . .”
Teth cut him off with a hand over his mouth.  She was visibly torn.  She chewed her lip and started to speak several times but never managed more than a syllable.  Finally, she looked at him in that strange way he had learned to anticipate.  She put her hand on his chest.
A gruff voice yelled down the alleyway, sending them leaping apart and ending Dasen’s struggles to interpret the strange gesture.  Shaken, they both stared at a large man who was standing in the side doorway of the inn.  He was looking at them and gesturing them forward.  In the darkness, they could not see his expression, but Ral’s dreadful warnings ran through Dasen’s mind.  He considered running, but the warrior bellowed again.  He motioned them to pick up their buckets then disappeared back through the door.  
With a glance at each other, they complied.  Inside the doorway, the man was waiting.  He gave them each a hard cuffing to the back of the head then led them to the inn’s common room.  The large room was crowded with Darthur – and a few normal sized men as well – packed around a large table heatedly arguing some derisive issue.  Dasen could make no sense of it and only had a moment to consider.  Their employer-of-the-moment pointed to an empty barrel and then to their buckets of water.  The implication was clear.  Teth then Dasen poured their buckets into the barrel.  When they were done, the man led them back through the kitchens to a small courtyard with a stone well at its center.  He pointed to the well and said a few incomprehensible words, but the task was obvious, so Dasen used the crank to bring up the water, and Teth shuttled it into the inn.  
Countless buckets later, Dasen thought his arms were going to fall off from the exertion of bringing up the water, but Teth kept coming back for more.  When she finally motioned him to stop, the first drops of rain were starting to fall.  The flashes of lighting were as numerous as fireflies and the roar of thunder was constant.  They retreated to the empty kitchen and devoured several pieces of flat bread that Teth had been given.  They did not speak for fear of the warrior who lingered just outside the room.  
As they were swallowing the last bites and preparing to exit through the same side door, their employer returned.  He gestured harshly for them to put down their buckets and follow.  They complied without a thought, and he led them back into the main room to the farthest end of a long table to a man in a black robe.  The man looked up at their approach, and enough light penetrated his cowl for Dasen to see a broad smile spread across his bearded face.  
“Thank you, Turgot,” the man said to the warrior.  “These will be fine.”  Though the voice was casual, friendly even, it chilled Dasen to the bone.  He understood the words, but they had not been spoken in any language he knew.  It was not a sensation he had experienced since his run to the rope bridge, and he had nearly attributed it to a delusion of his overstressed mind.  But there it was again, and this time there was no denying it.  Obviously, the warrior understood as well because he turned and walked abruptly away.
The old man watched the warrior go then turned to them.   “You, please come here.”  Dasen looked up, saw the finger pointed at Teth, and felt guilt-ridden relief rush over him.
Teth did as asked without trepidation.  Head bowed, she covered the few steps separating her from the old man.  Dasen remained back, wanting to run but not willing to abandon Teth.  He tried to blend in with the wall as he slowly edged toward the open door a few paces away.  Teth stood, rapid shaking breathes betraying her apparent calm, as the man finished stamping his seal onto an intricately folded piece of paper.  He handed the paper to Teth and whispered, but Dasen heard his words clearly over the loud alien conversations that pervaded the room.  “Take this message to the large house on the northern edge of town.  When you have delivered it, wait for a reply and bring it back to me.  Do you understand?”  Teth nodded nervously.  “If any of the night guards stop you, show them the seal, and they will let you pass.  Be quick and you will be rewarded.”  
Teth nodded again, took the message, and turned.  The old man grabbed her wrist before she could go and pulled her back to face him.  He examined her for a long time, looking into her downcast eyes and studying her features.  Dasen’s heart pounded, but he was too paralyzed to do anything other than silently pray for the Order to protect them.  “Have you been tested, boy?” the man finally asked, saying the last word in a way that exposed the lie of it.  
Teth looked confused by the question but recovered quickly.  “Yes, sir, in Rycroft where I’m from.”  
The old man shook his head.  His long fingers remained clamped around Teth’s thin wrist.  Then there was a flash in his eyes.  He pushed Teth away and focused on Dasen.  The gaze hit him like a hammer.  He gulped hard to keep himself from choking.  The old man’s eyes lit, and his scraggly beard was cut by a broad smile.  “Come here,” he demanded sweetly.
Dasen gulped again.  His mind yelled at him to run, but he knew that he would not make it two steps, so he compelled his feet forward until he was within the reach of the old man.  
The man clasped his chin with a bony hand and looked deep into his eyes.  It seemed the longest time that Dasen was trapped by his black, black eyes.  The old man’s smile grew and grew.  “Now, you,” he chuckled, “I know that you have not been tested.  How is that?”
Dasen took a shaky breath.  “I was just brought here today, and there was no mention of testing.”
“Sloppy, sloppy.”  The old man nearly giggled.  “We will have to rectify that oversight.”  He looked around the room and began to rise from his seat.  His hand clamped on Dasen’s shoulder, holding him firmly in place with the skeletal claw. 
As if on cue, a young man at the middle of the table yelled, “Belab, vol tröcht palörgh turah te-am’ eiruh?  Vacht sol da’ stoche wächse?”
The old man glowered across the table annoyed.  “The te-am’ eiruh are ready.  We stand as always at your command.”
The response did not seem to satisfy the young leader – a memory hit Dasen of that man sitting on a horse overseeing the slaughter in Randor’s Pass, and his hackles rose even as the old man held him in place – and he sharply addressed the old man again.  The old man looked anxiously at Dasen then back at the man at the other end of the table.  He growled low in his throat, and Dasen could almost feel his teeth grinding.  “My apologies,” he finally said to the man.  His voice held none of the anger from a moment before, was measured and servile.  “One moment, and I will provide a full accounting of our forces and give you my thoughts on how we can be of best use.”   With a small bow, he gestured toward the man and reached for another piece of paper.  
He scribbled a few runes on the paper, folded it, and handed it to Dasen.  “It is your lucky day, boy,” he whispered sweetly.  There was a yell from the other side of the table, but the old man just held out his hand.  “Go with your friend and deliver this message to the same place.  The people there will give you both a hot meal and a soft bed for the night.  Now run along, and be quick about it.”  The old man looked at Dasen one more time, the longing clear in his dark eyes, and waved them away.
Dasen did not need any further prompting.  He ran out the door with Teth on his heels.  Outside, the rain was falling in sheets, and they both ducked back under the eaves to avoid the torrents.  Teth tucked her note into her pants and pulled her shirt down over it.  
Dasen began to copy her but was interrupted by Teth hitting him hard in the upper arm.  “You idiot!” she yelled over the roar of thunder and pounding of rain.  “When are you going to learn that you don’t always have to tell the truth?”  She began to mock him.  “No, I just got here today and haven’t been tested yet.  Argh!  Do you realize we are trying to keep from drawing attention to ourselves?”
“It’s not like I had a choice.  He already knew the answer to the question.  There is no way I could have lied.  You’re lucky you weren’t caught.  You didn’t even know what you were lying about.”  Teth glared at him, but Dasen brushed it off.  “We should get out of here before he decides to come after us.  You heard how he talked and the way he looked at me.  I think he has something to do with the creatures, and I don’t think we’re going to get a warm meal and soft bed at that house, do you?”  
“No.  So what do we do?”
“We get out of here.  And we do it now.”
“So you’re coming with me?  We’re leaving?”  Teth nearly tackled him as she grabbed his arms.
“There’s no choice now.  Come on, we can talk about this later.  Who knows when he will come after us or have some more of his friends do it for him.”  With that, Dasen ran into the deserted streets.  Teth followed close behind.  
Outside of the shelter of the building, any part of Dasen that had been dry became not just wet but completely drenched.  The rain fell in sheets of big drops, the streets ran with water, the wind blew from all directions, swirling so that Dasen wondered if a tornado were looming in the darkness.  Through that morass, they ran up the empty street leading north until the inn was entirely lost in the fury of the storm.  When he was certain that no one could still be watching, Dasen turned down a side street heading west.  
“This is the wrong direction,” Teth sputtered through the rain.  “We need to go east.  We’re not actually delivering these messages, remember.”
Dasen led them around a corner and pulled to a stop.  He waited for a flash of lightning and checked the street behind them.  It was empty.  With that assurance, he pulled the note from his pants and tore it to shreds.  Teth tried to do the same, but he caught her hands.  “Put that away.  The old man said it would get us past the guards.  The way he said it, it sounds like the invaders guard the camp at night.  That’s probably why none of the boys escape.”  Dasen looked back around the corner, wiping streams of water from his face, but there was still nothing.  “Alright, you lead.  Let’s go straight east, get to the common lands as fast as we can.  Once we’re there no one will be able to find us in this.”
Teth smiled, looking most like a drowned cat.  “As long as we don’t get struck by lightning,” she laughed then sprinted down the rain-soaked streets toward the rows of tents in the distance. 

#

Between the darkness and the rain, Dasen could barely keep Teth in sight though his feet nearly clipped hers with each step.  They ran to the outskirts of the town, water streaming off their heads and splashing to their knees.  As they passed the last of the shanty buildings that defined the city’s end and prepared to pick their way through the rows of tents, Teth came to a sudden stop.  Dasen nearly ran her over, before he arrested his momentum and looked up at the huge shadowy figure holding her shoulder.  
“Vo larägh tu sei flarcht, te-adeate?” the figure screamed.
Heart suddenly pounding beyond that required for the exertion of the run, Dasen almost panicked.  He searched for an escape, but Teth kept her wits.  She stammered for a second then pulled the note from the front of her pants.  The guard snapped the parchment from her hand – somehow the rain seemed not to touch it, bouncing off of it as if hitting an unseen barrier.  The guard turned the paper over until he saw the black seal.  His face blanched.  He looked at his captive with wide eyes and motioned them to move on.  
Teth took a deep breath, tucked the note into her pants, and sped away.  Dasen followed, but the going was slow.  The tents were made of a tan hides and were easy enough to see, but the guidelines stretching across their path were all but invisible.  Two other guards stopped them as they went, but they lost interest as soon as they saw the seal Teth carried.  
When they reached the last row of tents, they stopped and waited for a lightning strike to illuminate the field before them.  The rain had slowed only slightly, and Dasen felt like he would never be dry again, but they were within steps of their escape.  Lightning danced across the sky in a brilliant display that lit the field for an eerie heartbeat.  There was nothing moving along the perimeter of the camp or in the fields below.  It was now or never.  They were at the point of no return.  If they ran across the field, no seal in the world would convince anyone that they were not attempting to escape.  They looked at each other.  Teth dropped the note and pulled a short knife out of the back of her pants.  Her other hand found his and clasped it hard.  They looked at each other for a long moment.  Finally, Dasen nodded.  Teth released his hand and leapt from behind the tent.  
She made it two steps.  A hand as big as her head darted out from the other side of the tent, wrapped around the back of her neck, and stopped her cold.  “Vo larägh tu, te-adeate?  Tu gurlüobt.”  A mountainous guard followed the hand, stepping from behind a small shelter.  He held Teth in a crushing grip and screamed his accusations.
Teth buried her knife in the big man’s arm just as Dasen hit him with a shoulder in the side.  Dasen bounced off the giant as if he had just hit a tree but Teth’s knife had the desired effect.  The guard screamed and loosened his grip just enough for Teth to escape.  Abandoning her knife in the man’s forearm, she wrenched her head away, grabbed his hand, and twisted his arm up over her head in one breathtaking motion.  The sentry let out another muffled cry of shock and fell to his knees as Teth pushed his fingers back with all her strength.  But it was not enough.  Surprise had been her only advantage over the guard who was twice her size and built like a mountain.  The shock on his face was soon replaced with determination.  There was a pop as one of his fingers broke, but it was Teth who grunted as he fought his way back to his feet.  If he made it up, Teth’s leverage would be gone, and they would be finished.  
Sitting in the mud where he had landed after his ill-advised attempt at unbalancing the guard, Dasen searched for a way to help.  He considered the knife still sticking from the man’s forearm but wasn’t sure what he’d do with it even if he was able to claim it.  There was another flash of lightning.  His eyes latched on to a flat stone the size of a platter sitting in the mud next to his elbow – the Order had shown him the way, no matter how harrowing it might be.  Using every ounce of fear induced strength he could muster, he lifted the heavy stone above his head, carried it the few steps to where the guard was pulling his hand away from Teth, and dropped it squarely onto the man’s down-turned head.  
A hair-raising crunch was the only sound that marked the warrior’s death.  His head plummeted into the mud-soaked ground with the rock jutting from his skull.  He twitched but did not otherwise move again.  
Teth released his hand and looked at Dasen.  He was frozen in horror, overcome with revulsion at what he had done.  He felt ill.  His arms were shaking so hard that he could not move them.  His knees trembled.  He was frozen, could only look at the rock rising from the man’s head and relive the horrible thing he had just done.  
Teth reached down, retrieved her knife, then came to his side and supported him with an arm around his waist.  “You saved me,” she assured as she forced him forward away from the corpse.  “He would have killed us.  That was our only chance.  You did what you had to.  You didn’t have any other choice.  The Order showed you the way, and you followed it.”  She continued talking, leading him slowly away from the scene toward the fields below. 
Dasen was in shock.  He knew Teth was right but couldn’t get the image from his mind, could not believe what he had done.  There was a yell, a powerful voice speaking a foreign tongue.  It was close.  Both their heads turned toward it.  Shadows moved through the tents behind them.  The guards cries had been heard, help was on its way.
“We have to get out of here,” Teth begged.  “Now.  Dasen, you have to run.  We have to go.”
There was another yell, closer this time.  Dasen looked back for the man he had killed but he was lost in the shadows.  He took a deep breath, shook his head, and looked to Teth.  He clasped her hand, squeezed it hard.  “Let’s go!” he declared and started running down the slight slope before them to the fields beyond.  
The wet ground ruined the moment.  On his second step, Dasen slipped and slid down the hill on his back.  He was jarred by the fall but unhurt until Teth crashed into him from behind.  Their bodies tangled together as they tumbled another few paces.  When they finally stopped, Teth was on him in a decidedly compromised position.  “Don’t get any ideas,” she joked as she lifted herself from him.  She reached down a second later and helped him to his feet.  They both looked back up from where they came.  A half-dozen shadows were illuminated by the sparse light of the camp.  They searched the darkness before them but seemed hesitant to journey into the field.
Not wanting to risk the warriors changing their minds, Dasen and Teth ran, hand-in-hand across the field toward the distant lights of the city.  
They had made it only a short distance before something caught Dasen’s eye.  In the sky to the north and west, a ball of fire bloomed.   Following the fire, pushing through its light was the slender body of a winged creature.  It dipped beneath its fire to the field, skimming the ground, then rose to the sky and unleashing another ball of flame.  Dasen stopped and stared.  It’s searching, he realized, searching for us.  
His grip on Teth hand broke when he stopped.  She looked back at him with concern.  Dasen gestured to the sky.  She turned just in time to see another fireball bloom.  It was followed by others as more creatures joined the hunt, spreading out across the fields.  Teth’s eyes bulged.  “How far is it to the city?” she demanded.
“I don’t know,” he responded.  “Three . . . maybe five miles across the common lands to the outskirts of the city.  They’re just pastures.  There will be nowhere to hide.  What should we do?”
A bolt of lightning was followed by another array of fireballs.  The rain was slowing, the storm moving on to the east.  The night was still decidedly dark, but the visibility was only going to improve.  But they certainly couldn’t go back.  The answer was obvious, and Teth voiced it with a yell, “Run!”

#

Dasen and Teth ran as hard as they could over the slick ground with rain blurring their vision and wind buffeting them from four directions at once.  The rain slowed but remained a downpour.  The ground beneath their feet was slicks of mud and puddles of water.  It grabbed at their shoes and slid beneath their steps.  Running across it, they looked like deer caught on a frozen pond, slipping falling, rising, sliding, and falling again.  
No pursuit came from the invaders’ camp, and though they continued to see bursts of flame in the sky, they were concentrated to the north.  Yet their progress was slow, and it was only a matter of time before the creatures found them.  
Lightning flashed behind them.  Dasen used it to judge the distance to Thoren.  They were halfway at best.  He looked for the creatures and did a quick calculation.  They would never make it.  They had another half-mile, at the most, before the creatures were on them.  His foot slipped on a patch of mud.  He splayed to the ground, sliding face first through the muck.
Teth’s hand slipped from his, and she reached back for him, nearly falling herself as she came to a stop.  She looked desperately tired.  Her chest heaved, her arms shook, and her head hung in exhaustion.  She held out a quivering hand.  Dasen tried to stand, but there was no power left in his legs.  Teth's footing was no better.  Her feet slid away.  She landed in the puddle next to him and slapped the ground in frustration.  
“We have keep going,” she panted as she came to her knees.  “We have to get to the city before those things find us.  We have to keep running.”  
Dasen shook his head, speaking through gasps.  “It doesn’t matter, Teth.  The only way we'll make it to the city is with wings.  We're both exhausted, and even you can barely run over this.”  He considered for a second.  “Our only chance is to hide.”
Teth looked at him as if he were crazy.  “Where do you suggest we hide?  It is perfectly flat.  There is no cover anywhere.”
“But I don’t think the creatures can see much better than we can.  That’s why they keep releasing those fireballs.”  Dasen stopped and looked down at his hand.  It had disappeared under a rip in the sod, had slid right under the grass.  “We can cover ourselves with grass,” he exclaimed.  “Look it comes up in clumps.”  He pulled out a great tuft to emphasize his point.  “Those things will never see through it, not in all this rain.”
Teth eyed him skeptically, looked up at bursts of fire, then nodded.  “It’s worth a try.  Let’s get started.” 
They found a thick clump of tall prairie grass and hunched down beside it to give themselves some cover.  Dasen was correct about the grass coming up in chunks, and where it resisted, Teth used her knife to cut through it.  In only a few minutes, they created a hole large enough for both of them.  They lay in the hole, covered their feet with the wet sod they had piled to the sides, and patted it in place to ensure that nothing was exposed.  When they were covered to their chests, they tucked their arms to their sides, and Dasen used his free hand to cover Teth’s face.  He folded the sod back to leave space for his own head, lay back in the hole, and pulled the grass over his face before wriggling his arm in beside him. 
The dirt covered him.  It cut off access to light, sound, and, to Dasen’s surprise, air.  He had cut a hole for his mouth and nose, but he could not find it.  Panic stuck him.  
He squirmed until he found the hole, but mud poured into his mouth where air should have been.  He sputtered and coughed.  Teth grabbed his hand and squeezed hard.  He spit to clear his mouth, but water just filled the gap.  He coughed again.  He could not do it.  He was suffocating.  Teth crushed his hand.  He could not hold back any longer.  He was going to sit up and ruin it all, but he had to breathe.
Air came.  It was wet.  He could taste the soil in his mouth, the minerals and grit, but it was air.  The next breath came easier.  With it, he settled in.  His breathing slowed.  Panic fled.  He tried to stay calm, to keep his needs to a minimum because the air did not come easy.  He felt Teth lying beside him, felt her chest rising and falling.  He concentrated on matching her until his breathing came into line, and he began to feel comfortable in his bed of earth.  
A flash of light appeared above them, filtering through the gaps in the sod, bright enough to play orange before their closed eyes.  He felt the heat of it warming him even through the sod.  He could imagine the gaps in the sod, the places where the rain had washed it away, exposing shoes, pants, hands, chests.  He could imagine the creature looking down at those anomalies, could almost see it putting the pieces together, assembling them into its goal.  He waited for the thing to dive down and claim them from the earth, to feel it teeth ripping through his flesh.  His breath caught at the thought, and he held it.  Teth squeezed his hand – it felt like she was going to break it.  The heat dissipated.  Teth whispered a familiar prayer, but he could not draw the breath to join her.  He strained his senses for some indication of the creature.  Nothing.  Pounding hearts.  Burning lungs.  Clenched hands.
Another burst of light flashed through the sod.  This one was fainter.  The air warmed again, but it was less and concentrated to the left.  The creature had passed.  
Dasen’s diaphragm loosened.  He brought in a long breath.  Beside him, Teth’s prayer ended, but she did not release his hand.  He squeezed hers in return and felt the mud squishing between their fingers.  He laid there for some time holding her hand, feeling her breathing.  Eventually, his own breaths became measured and regular.  He felt the rain coming in lighter drops, farther apart, and allowed them to wash him off to sleep.



Chapter 38


Jaret lay huddled in the corner of his cell contemplating ways to kill himself though he lacked the energy to perform the act even if he could think of a way to do it.  
Another convulsion hit his quivering body, and he shook for a long moment.  Spasms raced through him from Thagas'kiula’s most recent visit.  He could not be certain how long the session had lasted, but it had felt like hours.  Even with the creature now gone, the pain was still with him and would be until the next visit.  The pain was always with him.
Thagas'kiula had been visiting him at least three times a day for what felt like weeks.  It delighted in nothing more than torturing him and seemed to do so only for the sick pleasure it derived from the act.  Most torture masters that Jaret had known did not relish their jobs.  The best wanted their victim’s pain to end almost as badly as the victim and would, thereby, work quickly to break their subjects.  That was not the case with Thagas'kiula.  Jaret was long past the place where he would tell the thing anything it wanted to know, but it did not ask, and begging only intensified the torture, so he did not plead, he simply cowered against the wall and screamed.  He could not help but scream.
Occasionally, Thagas'kiula brought various devices to complement the torment of its bite, but that was the exception.  It reveled in using its terrible teeth and the poison they held.  That poison set Jaret’s blood on fire and made him think of pain in a whole new way, but it also seemed to heal any physical damage the creature did.  It was that paradoxical gift that made the thing so brutally perfect at what it did.  It could torture him continuously in the most terrifying ways without any fear of its victim’s death.  It had no need for subtlety or skill, was perfectly adapted to its favorite activity.  
Which was its own irony.  Despite days of continuous torture, Jaret was as healthy as an ox.  His ribs were healed, his legs and arms worked as well or better than before, and even the aches he had experienced as a part of growing old had faded.  It made the torture all the worse knowing that when it ended he would be even farther from the only thing he still wanted, his own death.  Locked in a cell, shaking in pain, he would have welcomed injuries, would have welcomed illness.  At least then he would have some hope that death might follow, might have some hope for escape.
Jaret was finally drifting off to the shattered landscape of dreams when the door to his cell swung open with a crash.  Thinking it was Thagas'kiula returned, Jaret cowered into the corner with his hand up and his legs tucked to his chest.  He could not believe that the thing had returned so soon.  If he had any voice left, he would have started screaming in anticipation of what was to come.  As it was, he could only await the inevitable, unable to move his hand or open his eyes to see it coming.
The terrible bite did not come.  A rough hand grabbed the chain that connected his hands and pulled it to the familiar ring.  He did not struggle as he was locked in place, but he did not assist his jailer either.  He hung like a corpse, unconcerned with the pain it caused his shoulders and wrists.  
A high-pitched twitter a few minutes later identified the arrival of Emperor Nabim.  Hearing the nasal laugh, Jaret opened his bleary eyes and stared at the little man in his silks and jewels and the black shrouded monster that stood behind him.  
“Your creature has done well,” the Emperor complimented.  “I do not think I have ever seen a man so thoroughly shattered.  Given that it is the grand Jaret Rammeriz, it is absolutely remarkable.  Two weeks ago, I would not have thought it possible, but you have done it.  He is a shell.”
Somewhere beneath the deep cowl, an effeminate voice responded.  “Thank you, my lord.  The Curava Deilei Tuhar’za have not been allowed to use their skills in generations, but they have obviously not forgotten their purpose.”  Jaret stared at the black cave of a hood but saw no evidence of the man that occupied it. 
“So Traitor Rammeriz, do you now see what happens to those who tamper with the Order?”  Nabim asked, bringing Jaret from his contemplation.  He strode across the cell and lowered his face to glower at his captive.  “Did you really think that the Holy Order would not punish you for your baseless ambition?  Now you know what torture awaits those who outstretch their bounds, those who do not listen to their betters, those who do not know their place.  Soon everyone will know.  They will learn from your example, and they will obey.  For fear of being punished the way that you have been punished, Jaret Rammeriz, they will obey.”  Nabim clasped Jaret’s chin and smashed it in his fingers as he ranted, voice rising in volume and pitch with each word until he was screaming.   The fluttering of his robes and clank of his jewelry formed a chorus to accompany the spittle that rained on Jaret's bald head and face.
When his tirade had run its course, Nabim slammed Jaret’s head into the wall then stood, straightened his clothes, and cleared his throat to show that he was calm.  “So Jaret, as you have probably guessed, we have come to rehearse for your trial.  Tomorrow you will appear in the Hall of Judgment before the Xi Valati, the Imperial Council, and all the lords of the Empire.  I will present your case personally.”  Nabim puffed himself up as he spoke, obviously proud of having orchestrated such a spectacle.  
“Now, the worst possible outcome is that in your prideful insolence you will somehow ruin my preparation by saying something you should not.  Which, my dear friend, is why we must ensure that the few words you say are the correct ones.”
Nabim sat smoothly in a huge chair that had been carried into the room, folding his robes around him as he came to rest.  His henchman stood behind him, though his slight height meant that his head just did show above Nabim’s shoulder.  His head was tilted toward his shoes.  His robe could have been held up by a pole for all that Jaret could see of the man beneath.  Relishing the silence, Nabim adjusted his robes as if Jaret did not exist.  When he finally brought his head up, he seemed surprised to see Jaret staring wide-eyed back at him.
“As I was saying.”  Nabim flashed a belittling smile, obviously amused by the spectacle.  “You can tell me anything right now and do something different tomorrow, but we have to be certain that won’t happen.  That is why I have had that . . . that creature visit you.  Now, if you do as you are told, I will find someone else to keep Yuelle’s pet entertained.  If you do not, however, do as you are told, I can give you to that thing and is brethren to play with for the remainder of your pathetic little life, and I am told that they can make that life go on for quite some time.”  To emphasize his words, Thagas'kiula stepped out of the hall and took a position on Nabim’s other side.  
The sight of the monster sent Jaret back into the wall with his eyes squeezed shut.  He squirmed in his bonds unable to control the infantile fear that the very sight of the thing created in him.  He was powerless against that fear, broken more thoroughly than any man had ever been.  
Nabim and Thagas'kiula laughed, Nabim’s nasal twitter mingling with the creature’s hissing cackle in a hideous chorus of derision.  Curled into the wall as tightly as he could manage with his hands chained above him, oblivious to the way he was twisting his elbows and pulling his shoulders, Jaret began to cry.  The laugh was always followed by the bite.  He waited for it, waited for the terrible pain, crying softly and mumbling prayers to any god that might be merciful enough to listen.
“Are you crying?” Nabim screamed.  He held up his hand to stop the laughter and closed on Jaret.  “Open your eyes!” he screamed again.  “What is this groveling?  He can’t even stop.  And he has wet himself.  He is no better than a beaten dog.  I cannot take this to the people.  They will not believe that this is the great Jaret Rammeriz.  They will not believe that this is the monster that has destroyed the Empire.”  Nabim turned and paced around the cell, yelling.  “This will never do.  Yuelle, you and this mindless beast have ruined everything.  I have worked so hard to make it perfect, and you have ruined it.”
Nabim ran out of words, but his huffing made it clear that his anger was far from extinguished.  “My lord, do not concern yourself,” the wizard said.  He moved to comfort Nabim, placing his skeletal hands on the Emperor’s shoulders.  “Perhaps we underestimated Thagas'kiula’s enthusiasm.  I warned you that it has been generations since his kind had been used for this purpose.  But this is not an obstacle that we cannot overcome.  If you will calm yourself, I will see what I can do to restore our fine general.”
Nabim flopped onto the chair in a great flutter of robes, and Jaret heard the shuffling steps of the wizard.  The man closed within inches of him before placing an ice-cold hand on his face.  The wizard brought his face around to stare into his black cowl.  Jaret could just find the outline of sharp features, the movement of thin lips, and the sparkle of black eyes as the wizard mumbled strange words below his breath.  When he stopped, a bolt of power arched through Jaret’s body.  He convulsed then fell limp in his chains.  
As the power departed, he felt his pain leaving, his fear retreating, and his shattered nerves rebuilding.  It was like a wall had been erected in his mind to separate him from the pain and fear that had been overwhelming him moments before.  Those emotions were still there, but he was separated from them, protected from their crippling effects.  Yet it was more than that.  He tried to find his anger but it was out of his reach, hidden behind that same wall.  He searched for other emotions – joy, anticipation, sorrow, doubt, frustration – called up memories that he knew would insight them, but he felt nothing.  No matter what he did, no matter what he thought, where he looked, he felt only indifference.  Even the inability to find his emotions was a curiosity.  He shook his head but bemusement was the strongest emotion he could manage for the fact that he had just lost his ability to feel.  With that calm, he looked up with clear eyes just in time to see Thagas'kiula’s back as it strode from the room.   
“What did you do to him?” Nabim gawked, sounding like a child who had seen a juggler perform a clever trick.  “He looks like the stick-up-his-ass Jaret I have always hated.”
“I blocked Hilaal’s gift from him.”  The wizard was matter-of-fact.  “Emotions are a one of Hilaal’s gifts, and I am able to suppress them just as I am able to use the power they create.  There are risks and such is best left to the Caliele, but it should not matter now.”
Jaret did not understand much of what the wizard had said, but neither did Nabim from his bewildered expression.  He looked like he wanted to ask a question but shook it off.  “But is he still broken?” he asked pointedly.  “Will he still do as he is told?”
The wizard sighed like a parent mustering his patience when dealing with a difficult child.  “Why don’t you try him and see?  I think you will be quite satisfied.”
Nabim huffed.  “We shall see.  As long as you do not fail me again.  Next time, I may not be so forgiving.”  The wizard lifted his head at the hollow threat just enough for Jaret to see his smirk.  That smirk left no doubt as to who was the puppet and who the master.  
Nabim turned on Jaret with a frown.  He brought a perfumed scarf to his nose.  “By the Order, he smells of urine now.  You will have him cleaned before the trial, won’t you?”
“Aye, my Empr’er, we’ll git ‘im all nice an’ clean fir ya,” the big guard answered.
The Emperor nodded without ever acknowledging the guard.  “Well, let’s be quick about this then.  The smell is dreadful.  Where was I?  Oh, yes.  As I was saying, Jaret, if you do not do as I require, all the fear and pain you were just relieved of will come back on you tenfold, and that thing will suck on your flesh morning, noon, and night.  Do you understand me?”
With the allusion to Thagas'kiula, a flash of fear escaped the veil.  Jaret quivered as an image of the creature passed before his mind’s eye, but the veil strengthened and blocked the emotion as quickly as it had come.  He could feel his fear pushing at that barrier, but it just became stronger and stronger until the fear was barely perceptible in the locked off corners of his mind.   “Yes,” he finally croaked.  He had screamed himself out of voice an hour before, but the pathetic attempt made Nabim giddy with pleasure.
“This is perfect!” he giggled.  “I will not have to worry about this headstrong fool boggling my plans.  He won’t be able to defend himself even if he tries.”
“My lord, we do have other business this evening.”  The wizard broke Nabim’s humor with a tight, but honey-sweet, voice.  “We should finish this and move on.  We have already spent more time than we had intended.” 
“You are quite right, Yuelle.  It just amazes me how the Order has aligned the world to meet my needs.  Truly, I am destined to be the greatest emperor in history.”
“I am certain that is true, my lord, but can we please be done with this?”  
“Yes, yes.”  Nabim fluttered a hand at his advisor.  The wizard’s frown was visible even through the cowl.  “Now, Jaret, tomorrow I will ask you only one question.  I expect you to have saved up all night to give a clear, strong answer.  It is really a very simple question with a very simple answer, but it is vitally important that you get it right.  Do you understand?”
Jaret could only nod in response.  He knew that his voice would be strong the next day – it always was when Thagas'kiula made his morning visit.  
The nod seemed sufficient for Nabim.  “The question is this: Jaret Rammeriz, you have been accused of high treason against the Empire, gross mismanagement of the people resources, squandering the Empire’s wealth for your own gain, and most gravely of all, of worshiping chaos and seeking to sow its seeds throughout the world.  How do you answer these charges?”  Nabim looked Jaret in the eye.  “Now, traitor Rammeriz, how will you answer that question?”
Guilty, guilty, guilty, Jaret’s mind screamed.  He knew that was what Nabim wanted to hear and did not have any reservations about saying it.  Despite the calm he had been given, he was still every bit as broken as he had been five minutes before, and he wanted more than anything to satisfy Nabim.  He tried to say the word.  Concentrated on forming it. . . .  “Not guilty,” he mouthed unable to repress the unseen will that moved his lips.
Jaret expected to see Nabim erupt, but the Emperor threw his hands in the air in celebration.  “I always knew that you were strong, Jaret, but I never knew you were that strong and that smart.  That is exactly what you will say.  You will say ‘not guilty.’  You will say it in as loud and proud a voice as you can muster.  Then you will continue to look proud as dozens of witnesses are called, days and days of witnesses, to prove that you are more guilty than could ever be expressed by you or I.  Finally, when all the witnesses have given their testimony, when you have seen your closest friends and confidants turn against you, when the entire world has come to see the side of you that only I can portray, only then will I lay down your punishment.  
“It will seem merciful to a fault.  The crowds outside the hall will be screaming for your death, but I will tell them that I still see a way for you to find redemption.  You will look like a proud monster, unwilling to admit your undeniable guilt even when it is so obviously laid out before you.  I will appear to be a benevolent master who only wishes to lead his subjects to enlightenment.  It will be a grand spectacle that will deliver the Empire truly and fully into my hands alone.  And all you have to do is say two loud, clear words: not guilty.”
Relishing his plan, Nabim rose from his chair and leered.  Jaret could see the madness clearly in his eyes.  If he were still capable of such emotion, he would have been more afraid of the Emperor than he was of Thagas'kiula.  Fear not for himself, but for the people this man would rule.  Yet, as much as he sympathized for what those people would suffer under Nabim’s twisted sovereignty, his fear, his sympathy was locked away.  And even if he had it, he now knew that he could only feel his own pain.  He knew how intense that pain could be.  All the empathy in the world could not elevate the pain of others to match what he had suffered, and he knew that come tomorrow he would do exactly as Nabim had instructed.
Nabim packed up his entourage and started to leave.  As he left, he patted Jaret on the head like a dog.  “Until tomorrow, my friend.”  
Jaret barely noticed the attention.  He was glad that he had somehow chosen the correct response but was troubled as well.  He did not have the slightest idea what power had forced him to say those words despite his every mental capacity pushing for the lie.  In that moment, and even now, he was not certain that he was physically capable of lying.  

#

With his pain and fear locked away, Jaret slept soundly for the first time in as long as he could remember.  His sleep was dreamless, deep, and fulfilling.  The nightmares were far off, held at bay by the same barrier that restrained his emotions.  They fought against that barrier, but for this night, it held.  
He woke suddenly from that sleep to the sound of a hushed voice calling him and the sensation of being roughly shaken.  His first thought was that Thagas'kiula had returned.  He knew that the prospect should fill him with terror, but that fear was insubstantial, so he opened his eyes and looked blearily at the shadow-shrouded intruder.  He found a ruggedly handsome face some years younger than his own that he eventually matched to one from the catalogue of images from his life so long ago.  He closed his eyes then opened them again to be certain, but the image did not change.  Gallian Jimmenov, sub-commander of the Legion of the Rising Sun, was crouched over him, shaking him awake.
Gal, as he was commonly known, was not watching his subject as he shook, and Jaret had to put a hand on his chest to show that he was awake.  With that touch, Gal’s face shot back to Jaret’s.  Their eyes locked.  “Commander, we have come for you, but we must hurry.”  The words were little more than whispered pants.
He certainly is excited, Jaret thought with utter indifference.  He assumed that he was dreaming.  He had experienced this dream countless times in the days since his capture.  This had to be a new version of the same torturous delusion, but he still knew how it would end, with his men dead and him cowering before a small man in a black robe.  He tried to dismiss the dream before it could start, but Gal just kept looking at him in confusion – probably wondering if his commander was worth saving.  
“Sir,” Gal whispered sharply, “it’s me.  We have come for you, but we really do have to hurry.  The guards will discover our handiwork any minute now.”
Jaret could not remember anyone talking in the previous versions of this dream.  He also did not remember ever having a choice, so with the detachment of one who can no longer feel fear, he allowed Gal to pull him from the hard stone floor.
Gal was visibly surprised by Jaret’s apathy, but he soon recovered and handed his superior a bundle of dark clothes similar to the ones he was wearing.  Gal had already unlocked the shackles that had bound Jaret’s wrists and ankles, so he pulled on the loose-fitting pants, long-sleeved shirt, and soft boots as Gal anxiously watched the hall.  
Much to Gal’s apparent chagrin, Jaret did not hurry with his changing.  He was not certain if he was capable of feeling urgency.  He felt perfectly calm and settled as if he were waking in his summer cottage on Lake Balair rather than preparing to escape from the dungeons of a massive fortress against all possible hope.  The black pants and shirt were followed by a stiff leather vest and a dirk that he slipped into his belt.  He looked up just in time to catch the length of a dark scabbard that Gal threw to him.  He checked the blade then slung it over his shoulder as he stepped to the door.
Jaret strode outside the room behind Gal and found two more men hidden in the shadows.  Those men led him at a run down the long hall of doors that ended in his cell.  With each door they passed, more black figures joined their ranks until their number was near twenty.  They sprinted past the crumpled forms of four men in the garb of chamber guards.  Jaret found himself wholly indifferent to the deaths and felt no satisfaction to see that one of them was the mammoth brute who had taken so much pleasure in beating him.  
The end of the hall brought them to another group of black clothed figures and another neat pile of bodies.  This time, there were eight of the first and a dozen of the second.  One of the bodies was clad in black, but Jaret did not mourn the loss as he turned down another long hall.  From what he could tell, the rescue was going well.  His muscles, joints, and bones felt as good as he remembered them feeling in the past twenty years, and despite weeks of inactivity, he was unfazed by the exertion of the run.  
Though his body felt remarkable, the pain of Thagas'kiula’s poison still burned his blood.  The barrier in his mind had dulled the pain, but it was certainly there.  It was the same with his other emotions.  They were there but unreachable, insubstantial.  Where he should have felt fear, anticipation, exultation, there was nothing, only a detached indifference as if he were watching himself from far away.  It was an eerie sense of calm and purpose almost as if he were being guided by a force other than his own freewill.
The black troop rounded another corner and started up a wide set of stairs.  At that point, Jaret realized that he did not have the slightest idea where they were.  The Great Chamber was a colossal building, and he had never been much of an explorer, so he did not know most of it.  Logic dictated that the dungeons would be in the lowest, inner-most part of the building, and given what he knew about the fortress-like building, their hopes of escape were miniscule.  Certainly, Nabim would have increased the number of guards in the Chamber in anticipation of an escape and to ease his likely sense of paranoia.  Even if he had not, they would have to pass countless guard posts to reach the outer wall and then make it out of one of the gates, which were always closed at night.  Still, Gal had made it into the Chamber, perhaps he had an equally good plan for getting out.  
The muffled clatter of a man falling backward down the stairs stanched even that slight hope.  Jaret noticed the dark arrow quivering in the legionnaire’s chest as he hurdled the writhing form, yet from the time he was struck until the moment he died, the man did not make a single sound that might serve as an alarm.  The discipline was extraordinary, but Jaret did not mark it.  He brought his eyes to the top of the stairs and saw a cadre of sleek, black, not quite human shapes blocking the passageway, the Curava Deilei Tuhar’za. 
The site of the creatures created an eruption of fear that pounded against Jaret’s barrier, but he refused to give in to that fear and mentally reinforced the barrier.  The appearance of the blade in his hand strengthened his resolve further, and the barrier was soon a steel wall.  It blocked even the emotions that should have been racing through him in anticipation of battle.  He dodged an arrow without a tremor in his pulse or catch in his breath and pounded up the stairs looking for Thagas'kiula in the crowd of dark shapes.
Ten legionnaires had hit the figures at the top of the stairs and were fighting for their lives when Jaret reached the fray and looked for a place to insert himself.  The creatures carried terrible weapons that were better suited for torture than actual fighting, but they were skilled in their use and supplemented them with their horrible bite.  The teeth of one of the creatures found the shoulder of a legionnaire in front of Jaret.  He winced in recognition of the pain that bite would cause but did not hesitate in skewering the creature as the injured guard recoiled from the attack.  
The sound of the man’s unbridled screams echoed down the halls, sending a tremor through the legionnaires and a shaky looking cadre of chamber guards who stood behind the creatures, but the man was back on his feet better than new a minute later.  He returned, still muttering in disbelief, just in time to block a set of barbed hooks that were aimed at Jaret’s leg.  The legionnaire parried the hooks and drove his blade into the chest of the creature that held them.  Jaret returned the favor by deflecting a curved knife from the man’s stomach before burying his dirk in the side of its owner.  The creature fell but was replaced by another that could have been its twin.  
 Jaret dodged the thrust of its serrated sword, deflecting the thick blade with his own.  He jerked his dirk from the thing’s cousin, dropped to a knee, and brought the knife up just in time to catch the mouth of the creature as it plunged toward him.  “And keep it shut,” he growled as he punched the dagger up into the creature’s head then brought his sword around into its chest.  
He discarded the body into a growing pile of unmoving forms behind him and turned to face his next opponent, but there was no slashing sword to deflect or darting teeth to dodge.  Somehow a seam had opened before him, and he stared at it, waiting for it to fill.  The legionnaires had fought their way through most of the creatures, Jaret realized as he stared at the opening, but the chamber guards who formed the next rank were afraid of their allies and were keeping a lot of space between themselves and the dwindling number of creatures.  
Unfortunately, the numbers of the legionnaires had likewise dwindled to about a dozen while there were at least fifty chamber guards stretching as far as Jaret could see down both sides of the hall.  Even if they made it through the creatures, they had no hope of escape.  With their long spears and tight formation, the guards would push the legionnaires back into the dungeons, trap them in a corner, and cut them to ribbons without the legionnaires ever getting close enough to strike.  Jaret searched the eyes of the chamber guards.  He found no desperation, bloodlust, or rage that could be exploited, only calm certainty.  These men were trained professionals.  They would not make the same mistakes as the imperial guards.  The situation was desperate.  
A bellow drew Jaret’s eyes attention to the far end of the staircase.  He turned in time to see a hulking legionnaire lift a creature and throw it back into the crowd of guards he was preparing to face.  As the guards recoiled from the body of the creature, Jaret saw their chance.  The stairs they were on continued around the corner from where they fought and appeared to be free of guards.  If they could make it around the corner to those stairs, they might be able to outrun the heavily laden guards and escape, if only for enough time to regroup.
Knowing what he had to do, Jaret broke from his place in the middle of the line and bounded to the far side of the stairs.  He inserted himself at the end of the line just in time to deflect a spear to the wall.  He tossed his dirk to distract the guard then pulled the spear toward him.  The off-balance guard plunged forward into the blade of Jaret’s sword and convulsed as he twisted it.  Rather than discard the guard’s body down the stairs as he would have done a minute before, Jaret held it in front of him and turned to the legionnaire at his side.  “You, man,” he yelled.  “Bring one in close and hang on to him.”  Jaret felt spears slashing by him, but the guard proved an effective shield as his compatriots refused to stab through the body of their friend. 
The legionnaire nodded his understanding without ever looking away from the three guards he was facing.  Those guards thrust their spears at him simultaneously.  He didn’t have a chance.  He caught the first, deflected the second, but had no answer for the third.  It found its mark and pounded through him.  
Jaret flinched, but the veil in his mind blocked further response.  He just watched as the valiant legionnaire continued on despite the spear jutting from his guts, brought his opponent in close and stuck a dagger in his side so that they would die together.  The heroic display created enough forward momentum to knock the guards around the pair off-balance, and that was all the opening Jaret needed.   
 “Legionnaires, circle ‘round.  Follow me!” he screamed and lowered his shoulder into the guard he held.  He pushed into the body with all the force his legs could muster and felt it rise off the floor as he pressed it into the men before him.  The already unbalanced guards fell back into the packed masses of their fellows until an opening appeared at Jaret’s back.  
Men patted him as they passed, and he heard their boots thumping up the stairs behind him.  He counted eight pats, but he had lost his momentum.  He held for another second, straining for all he was worth.  There was another tap, then, “That’s all, get the hell out of there,” released him from his duty.  
Jaret lifted the body with the last of his strength and threw it into the guards.  They did not budge, but he used it to push himself away from the mass.  His foot found the first step a heartbeat later, and he ran up the stone stairs as quickly as his tired legs would take him.  
Several seconds passed before he heard the sound of footsteps behind him, but it was not enough of a lead.  He scanned the men in front of him and saw that only two of them had bows.  It would have to be enough.  As he rounded the first landing in the stairs, he yelled, “Archers form up!”  
He dashed past the midpoint of the flight as the two men came to a stop on either side of him, swung around, and gracefully pulled their bows.  He stopped just behind them.  “Hit any bastard who sticks his head around that door.  Aim for their faces and make it ugly.”  
Two heartbeats passed – it seemed like an eternity – before the first of the guards made it onto the landing.  The archers were less than twenty feet away, and the arrows that flew from the taught military bows hit with enough force to send the bodies of those first two guards flying back into their fellows.  Two more arrows rose to and left the bows and two more guards were thrown back.  One more volley left a final guard with two arrows standing from his eye and cheek, but there were no more targets.  They had succeeded in their goal.  The stairway was as quiet as a tomb.  Only the mumbled indecision of the guards disturbed the silence.  
“Fire once more at the wall,” Jaret instructed in a panted whisper, “then get up these stairs as quietly as you can.  At the top, one more volley into the wall, then follow me.”
The men did as they were told, but Jaret was already running up the stairs and did not see the arrows bound harmlessly off the wall.  The collective gasp from the guards was all he needed.  A second later, he heard the shuffling of feet behind him.  It would be some time before those guards had the courage to poke his head around the corner.  It would not be enough time to escape, but it would buy them a few precious minutes.
Jaret sprinted to the top of the third set of stairs and turned down the hall that issued from either side.  A flash of steel brought him up short.  By instinct alone, he deflected that flash away from his throat but caught the sword with his own in such a way as to redirect it down into the top of his leg.  He watched as if in slow motion as the sword slid down his own and into his thigh, slicing all the way through the thick muscle to the bone beneath.  He looked into the eyes of a half-clothed noble, who had thought himself a hero a few seconds before but now realized that he had crossed the thin line between hero and fool, just as one of the trailing legionnaires slashed open his throat.  
As the body fell away, the sword dislodged, and Jaret clenched his hands over the wound to quell the flow of blood.  He cursed himself but did not feel any of the fear or anger that should have accompanied the wound.  The pain was equally far away, trapped by the barrier in his mind, so he just watched without concern as his hands were soaked with red.
A legionnaire grabbed Jaret's arm and slung it over his shoulder.  The thin man practically lifted him from the ground and half-carried him.  Jaret’s eyes rose and watched six more legionnaires pound furiously on a polished wooden door, but they were at the farthest end of a hall that seemed to stretch forever.  Behind him, boots slapped against stones, spears rattled, armor jangled.  The guards were ascending the stairs, would be upon them in moments.  
Jaret focused on the door, put all his effort into reaching it, but his leg was worthless, and even with help, the run was a staggering, grunting procession of futility.  When the legionnaires – working now with a marble bust of the former Emperor – broke through the door, he was only halfway there and losing momentum.  At that same moment, a yell rose from behind him, and the sounds there changed.  The guards were off the steps.  They were in the hallway and closing fast.  They would never make it.
He was turning to face the guards – better to face death than feel a spear drive through your back – when another set of hands grabbed him from the other side.  Between them, the legionnaires lifted him from the ground and carried him at full stride to the momentary sanctuary.  At that same moment, three streaks of black raced past them, charging toward the approaching guards.  A suicide mission, but Jaret could not make himself feel remorse for the men who would soon die to save his life.  
The clash of steel on steel and the screams of men meeting their ends issued Jaret through the threshold of the door.  The men who carried him threw him into the room then followed as the door slammed behind them.  Two other men pushed a huge wardrobe the final few feet to cover the entrance.  
Jaret landed on the floor of the lavish room next to the crumpled figure of a woman dressed in seductive silk nightclothes.  Next to the body was a knife; its edge glistened with a sheen of blood.  The woman’s chest was rising and falling.  She was not dead, but Jaret doubted he would have felt differently about her either way.  
Two legionnaires lifted him from the floor and carried him to the canopied bed in the middle of the room.  The men looked at him with concern as they forced his hands away from what should have been a gaping wound.  It was everything but.  
Jaret stared in disbelief.  He had felt the sword strike his bone, had felt it slice through his flesh, had felt the blood pulsing over his fingers.  A blow like that should be nearly fatal from the bleeding and leave him with a lifelong limp at the least, but as he and the legionnaires watched, the blood cleared, muscles reformed, pulled together, and stitched tight.  The skin followed until a scab formed across the wound and slowly faded to leave only a vicious scar.  The men who had been assigned to tend the wound were left holding makeshift bandages as they watched the spectacle in wide-eyed awe.  
“What kind of sorcery is this?” one of the men screamed.  “Lord Commander, what have they done to you?”  He leapt away and struggled to wrest his sword from its scabbard.  He shook as if Jaret were one of the monsters they had just fought.  
“Put the sword down, man,” Jaret scolded.  “There is no time for that now.  That door’s not going to hold forever.”  He stared at his leg again.  He suspected he had Thagas'kiula to thank for his rapid recovery but didn’t spare it any more thought than that.  
The legionnaire did not seem convinced.  He looked from Gal to Jaret in indecision.  His fellow backed away, holding his bandages in trembling hands like a shield.  Jaret was growing impatient, but Gal’s voice cut through the bewilderment.  “Soldier, you just received an order from Imperial Warlord Jaret Rammeriz.  You had better follow it before I cut you down myself.”  The legionnaire with the sword, looked at his commander, remembered himself, sheathed his sword, and saluted.  His fellow turned to Gal and began wrapping the bandages around a long gash on his arm.
“Bitch surprised me,” Gal chuckled.  “Can you believe it?  I fight a hundred chamber guards and their hell-spawn minions without a scratch only to get sliced by some overpriced whore.  I wish I could pull off your trick.  That was something, but I don’t think I want to . . . .”  
A pounding at the door ended the conversation.  Two men pressed their backs to the wardrobe, but it shook with each blow and crept ever so slightly from the jam.  They had a few minutes but nowhere to go.  
Jaret turned to Gal, happy to change the subject.  “Mind telling me what you had planned for the finale?”
Gal did not answer.  He grabbed the only lamp in the room and placed a black cloth over it.  He carried it to the room's one large window where he methodically lifted and replaced the cover.  
Jaret joined him, scanning the darkened landscape outside.  They were on the third floor of the Great Chamber in what must be the southern wing because the canal that ran by the building defined the entire scene below.  The broad canal had been built long ago to link the city’s huge port to the Vasuki River several miles before the mud-clogged delta that formed to the south of the city.  The lights of countless boats moved up and down the canal even at this late hour – during the daylight hours, the canal would be crammed almost to the point of immobility.  Jaret scanned those boats and found Gal’s finale.  The light on one of the boats was flashing in a cadence that matched the lamp in Gal’s hands.  
“That’s our ride.”  Gal smiled.  “Do you feel like a swim?”  
Gal put the lamp back on the nightstand and returned to the men at the door.  There were three of them now, with two others pushing furnishing across the room to obstruct the entrance.  The men were fighting a losing battle.  The wardrobe was slowly jarred away from the doorway with each blow from outside.  “When the Lord Commander and I are clear, you will hold that door as long as you can,” Gal ordered, calm and steady.  The eyes of his men showed the same resolve.  “Then you will follow us out that window.  You will swim to the docks, not the boat.  Make your way to a safe house.  They will have new orders for you there.  Pauli, you will be first, followed by . . . . ”
The door, wardrobe, and legionnaires were engulfed in a fiery ball then erupted in a rain of flaming splinters.  Jaret pulled his hand up just in time to catch the shrapnel before it slashed into his face.  Gal was not so lucky.  He was riddled with shards of wood then burst into flame where he stood several paces closer to the door.  The fire shriveled Jaret's hair and charring his skin, but the pain was far away along with the fear and shock he should have felt.  He looked with clear eyes at the exposed hall and saw the black-robed figure he had expected standing there with an outstretched hand.  Guards and more of the creatures stood behind the wizard as if they were necessary.  
Jaret knew that they were not.  The little man stretched his hand out again.  His lips worked through the shadows of his cowl.  The gift that very man had given him was the only thing that saved Jaret.  In the split second that normally would have been lost to shock, fear, and indecision, his body acted.  
Flames engulfed him as he leapt from the window and exploded from their embrace.  He could feel his skin crisping as he fell in a fiery shroud, but the burning was only there for a moment before it was replaced by the cooling comfort of water as he knifed beneath the surface of the canal. 
A superior swimmer, Jaret soon found his bearings and paddled toward the place where he had seen the flashing a moment before.  He reached the side of a shallow-sided boat quickly and several sets of hands silently pulled him from the murky depth and laid him on the hard deck.  A soft voice whispered commands somewhere behind him, and his saviors scattered.  
Jaret thought he recognized the voice but could not place it.  He did not try for long.  He just lay on the deck of the small boat watching fire and smoke boil from the window where he had made his escape.  Soon, a dark figure was silhouetted against the light of that window despite the fire dancing about him, but it was too late.  There was no way to differentiate Jaret’s ship from the hundreds of others that crept up and down the canal.  



Chapter 39


Rain pattered along the outside of Ipid’s tent in a rhythm that overstated its misty intensity.  He searched anxiously through the percussion of tiny drops for the sounds of battle in the distance.  Any moment now, Thorold’s horn would mark the beginning of the Battle of Testing, and all he could do was sit, wait, and listen.
Yawn after yawn racked him, but he fought the sleep that weighed on him like a stone blanket, dragging down his eyelids, slumping his shoulders, and pressing his head time and again toward the ground.  He had not slept in two nights, and the deprivation was starting to show.  After two days and a night preparing the city for the testing, he had ridden through the worst downpour he remembered so that he could sit in an interminable Ashüt meeting.  It had ended hours ago, and he had been fighting sleep ever since.  He knew that if he slept, he would not wake, and he could not allow himself to miss the battle, even if he could only listen to it from the confines of his tent.  
He had hoped that he would, at least, be allowed to be with the village boys during the testing, but Arin had told him that they were being punished because some of their number had murdered a clansman in an attempt to flee the camp.  It was a crime that had been heavily debated by the Ashüt with Arin barely holding off the faction that would see the te-adeate killed for the crime.  In the end, it was the Battle of Testing that saved them – te-adeate could be collectively punished for the crimes of their fellows but other classes could not – and that made what would happen in a few minutes all the more important.  If the people of the Kingdoms remained te-adeate, it was likely all the village boys would be killed for the crimes of a foolish few.
Another jaw-popping yawn racked Ipid’s body.  His eyes drifted relentlessly shut.  He caught himself just as his head was dropping to the ground and pulled his eyes open.  To keep himself awake, he thought about what he would see if he were watching the battlefield rather than the flap of a tent.  The city had gotten word of the invaders almost a week before their arrival, and that had allowed them to gather and arm over ten thousand men, but only a fraction of those had any training beyond a week of siege preparation.  The others were craftsmen, farmers, merchants, the too old, and the too young.  They were poorly equipped and barely trained.  Ipid had spoken with every unit, had told them why the battle was important, had told them everything he had seen, but they had enlisted to shuttle supplies, repair defenses, push back ladders, defend walls.  As harrowing as that would be, it was a long cry from standing on an open field against the demon stoche, giant Darthur, and an army that outnumbered them many times over.   
A ruffling sort of knock at the flap of his tent roused Ipid from his thoughts.  He looked up in time to see a black hood duck inside.  “May I join you?” a familiar voice said.  
Before Ipid could respond, Eia stepped through the flap and deposited herself on the ground facing him with her knees almost touching his in the small space.  “I promise not to kiss you, if that is your concern.”  She pulled the hood back from her face.  The sparse light of the tent radiated from her pale skin and wild curls of luminescent hair.  Despite the rain falling outside, it did not look like a drop had touched her robes.
“You’re not supposed to be here,” Ipid managed to whisper.  Arin had made it clear that he was supposed to wait in his tent alone.
“Do not worry.”  Eia placed a hand on his knee – he could feel the chill of her fingers even through the wool of his pants.  “The camp is as empty as the Great Waste.  No one has seen me, and if I so desired, they would not see me even if they stuck their heads through this flap.”  She closed her eyes and mumbled a few strange words.  When she stopped, she faded from view until she was gone.  
Ipid searched for her with his hand and found her heavy robes and the slender arm beneath.  He held her arm in disbelief as he reached down to where her knee pressed against his.  His groping hand came down on her slim thigh.  Eia giggled and slowly reappeared.  
“You have broken my spell.”  She smiled around a giggle and a glance at his hand resting far too high on her thigh.  “Touch me with two hands and I cannot maintain the deception.  It is not a very good use of the gift.  It does not work in full daylight or if several people look at me at the same time.”
Ipid snapped his hand back, but it was the least of his concerns.  His mind swam.  Things like that were not supposed to be possible, and if that was not a very good use of her power. . . .  He wondered what else his new friend could do, and what her real motivations might be – he still remembered what Valati Lorenzo had said about the Exiles.
“Why are you here?” he asked more accusatory than he meant.
“Are you not happy to see me?”  Eia made a false pout.  “I told you I would not kiss you, you great prude.”
“I don’t have time for games,” Ipid snapped.  
“I am sorry.”  Eia found his hand and put hers on top of it – it was made of ice.  “The Belab has asked me to keep you company this day.  He has asked me to help you, and I gladly agreed.”
“I don’t want company.  The people fighting out there are my friends, my servants, my workers, my countrymen.  Please try to understand how that makes me feel.”
“You don’t think I understand?”  Eia’s eyes blazed.  “I was there when our order was slaughtered.  I have the scars to prove it.  If I had not chosen to stand with the Belab, I would have been butchered like the rest of those who held their oaths.  It is a shame and a memory that I live with every day.  Do not tell me that I do not understand.  More than anyone, I understand, we understand.”
Ipid was set back as Eia’s flirtations turned cold.  She did not raise her voice, but she did not have to.  He did not know what to say.  How could he have been so insensitive and selfish, especially after what Belab had told him?  He stammered to apologize.
“You need not apologize.”  Eia's face softened, malevolence gone as fast as it had come.  “It is I that should apologize.  I do understand what you are feeling.  If I were you, I would not want me here either.”  She paused, and Ipid thought that she might actually leave.  Suddenly, he wanted nothing less.  “But,” she raising her eyes to his, “I have something that may change your mind.”
Ipid opened his mouth to tell her that was not necessary.  Her finger covered his lips to silence him.  She began chanting in the strange language that seemed to be part of her magic.  She put her hands over his eyes and held them there.  A second later, a charge arched through his body in a single spasm.  When it was gone, he was no longer looking at Eia or the tent.  He was looking down on the Thoren common lands from a nearby hill.  Horsemen surrounded him on all sides.  The city folk were arrayed in the field in the distance, stacked in a series of long rows.  At their sides were the few mounted men the city could muster.  It was just as they had drawn it the day before.
Immediately in front of him was a mass of black that could only be the stoche.  Their numbers were far more than Ipid would have guessed.  There must have been thousands of the creatures stretching the entire length of the invaders’ line as far as the eye could see in each direction.  The creatures churned in a frenzy that did not allow his eyes to fix on any one of the things.  It made them look like a single entity with cruel blades, teeth, and claws each catching the sparse light in turn.  It reminded him of something he had seen before, but he could not remember what or where.  A mass of black with shining teeth, claws, and wicked eyes. . . .
He felt cold hands on his ears.  Another spasm of power hit him just in time to hear the deafening peal of Thorold great horn.  It was echoed by the sound of others from further along the line and then the roar of thousands of men all yelling together.  
Looking behind him, Ipid saw the Darthur in row after row leading down the hill.  Behind them were the non-Darthur warriors in every array and configuration.  All told it was more armed men than he had ever seen assembled in one place or ever cared to see.  All of those men were well-armed, able-bodied, and seasoned.  The city folk did not stand a chance.
Turning his eyes forward, he saw the wave of stoche flying down the hill and across the field.  "Do you think there will be any of them left by the time we get to them?”  Suddenly terrified, Ipid turned to the familiar voice and looked into Arin’s clear blue eyes.  What has Eia done?  He tried to run.  He rose to his feet, tripped backward, and nearly collapsed his tent as he fell into the back wall with a thud.  When he hit the ground, the image was gone.  He was looking at Eia.  She was disoriented and rubbing her eyes.
“What . . . what happened?”  He checked himself and his surroundings.  He was still in the tent.  Arin was nowhere to be found, and he was thoroughly confused.
“I used my power.”  Eia sounded distant and tired.  “I was allowing you to see the battle.  When you pulled away, you broke the spell and created an influx in the power I was drawing upon.”  She reached out and grabbed his hand in her soft, but ice-cold, grasp.  “Please, calm down.  It will help me recover.”
“How could you do that?”  Ipid concentrated on slowing his panting breaths and pounding heart.  “Did he see me?”  The thought sent another wave of panic through him.  Eia groaned in response.
“Please, be still,” she insisted.  “I am very sensitive to the power right now, and you are creating it with your hysteria.  Arin did not see you.  You never left this tent.”
Ipid sighed in relief.  “So what can’t you do with these powers of yours?”
Eia smiled, looking better.  “My gift is nothing next to that of the Belab and the Belan Hilaal.  These tricks are mere parlor games in comparison.  I am Caliele Hilaal.  My gift is to draw on the ebbs and flows of the power of Hilaal.  I am not as strong as many of my fellows, but my gift is more subtle and I do not need as much power to use it.  
“The Belan Hilaal, in comparison, draw on the full magnitude of Hilaal’s gift.  They use vast amounts of energy but can only do so in short bursts.  Their powers are far more profound than mine, but they need a much larger source to draw upon and tend to struggle with the more subtle aspects of our craft.  In a battle such as the one taking place outside your city, their abilities are almost unlimited, but in a quiet forest grove or a sleeping village, they would be helpless.”
Eia looked at Ipid.  He was not sure that he had understood a word of what she had said – what was this power anyway?  But he suddenly remembered the battle raging so close by, and his questions seemed frivolous.  
“It is all far more complicated than that, but you could probably care less.”  Eia laughed.  “I am sorry that I have bored you.  Again, there are more pressing concerns than my philosophizing.”
“No.  I actually have countless questions.  I am sorry if I did not seem interested.”  Ipid did have a thousand questions waiting on his tongue, but Eia was correct about more pressing concerns.
“Please.  You do not need to apologize.  I am feeling better now.  If you would like to see the battle, I can use my gift again.  This time, I will warn you.  Please, stay calm, and keep hold of my hands.  If you want to ask me questions, we can talk as normal.  Remember, you are not there.  You are only seeing and hearing what is there.  No matter what happens, you are still here with me in this tent.”
“I understand.”  Ipid nodded and moved closer so that they could comfortably hold hands.  “Thank you for doing this.  I am sorry I was short before.”
“Apology accepted.”  Eia smiled then began mumbling.  Ipid felt the power rush through him and was back on top of the hill, watching the battle.  It was purest anarchy.

#

Dasen dreamed that he was sleeping in a soft bed covered with a thick feather comforter between sheets of sumptuous silk.  Huge pillows were piled about his head.  Soft music drifted through the room from a quartet of musicians.  A warm fire burned in the hearth.  Firm glass and thick velvet curtains covered the windows to shield him from the cold, wind, and rain.  A breakfast of sweet breads, soft-boiled eggs, milk, tea, and sausages waited on a table near his bed.  And he knew that no matter when he rose, that breakfast would still be hot.  
A baleful note sounded.  The dream shook.  A brightly colored man with a horn appeared.  He blew into the horn and unleashed a string of harsh notes as he danced around the room knocking over the breakfast, throwing open the windows, ripping off the sheets, tearing it all apart with his horrible little horn.  Dasen covered his ears with his hands, but it was too late.  The beautiful dream was coming apart.  The lovely room, the bed, the breakfast all faded until the only thing remaining was the sound of horns in what now seemed the distance.
Dasen sat up abruptly from what was left of the sod bunker.  He rubbed at his eyes and shook from the cold.  The day was grey.  A misty rain fell.  He was covered in mud, grit permeated his every pore, gummed his eyes, filled his ears, and clung to his hair.  He spit in a futile attempt to clear the soil from his mouth.  Through all that, his body ached in a way that had become sickeningly familiar.  His stomach rumbled.  And his head throbbed.  He yawned and looked toward the sound of the distant horns.
Miseries were forgotten.  He reached for Teth, began shaking her blindly, unable to pull his eyes from the nightmare that his dream had become.  Even as he studied the dark shapes surging toward them, his mind struggled to believe what it was seeing.  Hundreds of creatures were charging at them, sprinting toward where he sat in the middle of an open field.  
Dasen sprang from the ground.  He grabbed Teth at the same time her head rose from the hole.  She looked at him groggily.  Her clothes were black with mud.  They were soaked clean through and clung to her.  Huge clumps of grass stood in her hair as if they had grown there.  
“Goodmorn . . .” she began.
“Run!” Dasen yelled.  “Don’t say another word.  Just run!”  The momentum of his first few steps pulled her from the ground, almost toppled her forward.  She looked over her shoulder as she stumbled, gasped, cursed, and ran.  
The fatigue that lingered in his legs forgotten, Dasen hit his full stride and looked up.  He very nearly turned back around.  Fifty paces in front of him was a row of spears pointed out toward him like a steel-tipped fence.  Teth pulled up beside him, and they stared in confusion.  This can’t all be for me, he thought.  By the Order, the entire army is out here. 
“What now?” Teth panted at his side.  Her head bounced between the two forces, but they both knew there was no escape this time. 
Dasen was just about to run to the men with hand up in surrender – better to be captured by men than monsters – when someone yelled, “Hey, you two!  Get behind the lines!  Those things’re going to be ‘ere any second!”
That was all the invitation they needed – the soldier had spoken in the Imperial tongue.  They sprinted toward the ragged lines without trying to explain the idiocy that could have brought the Thoren garrison from the perfectly good walls of the city to stand on an unfortified plain just outside.  
The muted thunder of the creatures closing on the defenders pushed them on.  The things had to be close given the incredible roar of their approach, and as they closed on the spears, the area behind that line erupted with arrows.  Dasen did not bother to look back to see where the arrows landed.  The creatures were within bow’s range, literally on his heels.  
He hurdled toward the spears and was happy to see shafts lift from their defensive posture.  They passed through a phalanx four men deep, holding spears in a stack from high to low.  The first line held tall wooden shields and the others braced them, creating a low wall permeated with steel points.  Dasen and Teth sprinted through that line, oblivious of the men that allowed them to pass.  Beyond the wall was an empty space twenty paces long then another shield wall.  Standing before that wall, were two rows of archers.  They tore through the space, and ducked as the archers released another volley.  Teth broke through the archers without a thought.  Dasen followed.  
They were so consumed with fear that they did not notice the faces of the men around them begin to waver.  Their panic was a disease, and they were on the verge of infecting the entire army.  Men who could only imagine what was coming, who had only stories and their imaginations to inform them, began to fear the worst, began to draw on the terror of two mud-soaked youths and spread it to their fellows.  The line began to waver.  Dasen and Teth were on the verge of panicking the entire force.  
They were eyeing the gap to the next line, threatening to spread their fear further, when a man grabbed Teth by the shoulders and another blocked Dasen, held him in his burly arms.  Dasen struggled to break away, but the man was too strong.  “There’ll be no runnin’ lessin’ yir told ta run!” the man holding Teth yelled.  “Do ya understand?  It’s the lives of our families we’re fightin’ fir ‘ere.  You’ll stand yir ground, or I’ll cut ya down!”  Dasen looked at the man in shock, but the gruff old soldier just continued berating them.  “Where are yir weapons?  We can’t afford ta lose any.  I should make ya go back an’ git ‘em.”  Finally, he released Teth, looked at her, and shook his head.  “So young,” he murmured to himself, “by the Holy Order, so young.”
The sound of the creatures crashing into the first line of defenders cut the comment short.  It was most terrible sound Dasen had ever heard.  The howls, curses, and threats of the creatures were overlaid with the screams of the men who were dying at their hands.  The archers in front of them released a volley of arrows with a collective twang.  That was followed by the hiss of hundreds of arrows sailing toward their chosen targets.  The arrows struck home with a collective thud, which only increased the timbre of the creatures’ howls.  
The sight of the creatures ripping through the defenders blanched the man holding Dasen.  His fellow cursed under his breath.  “Go,” the first man said absently as he watched the horror unfold.  “Join the next line, an’ be ready ta grab a spear off’n one of yir countrymen.”  That was all the prompting Dasen needed.  He did not look back to see the creatures shredding the wall of defenders.  He ran the twenty paces that separated him from the next line with Teth at his side.  
When they came to that line, an old man with steel-silver hair and a crumpled face that looked like it had been baked in the sun for years grabbed him and pulled him in at his side.  Another only slightly younger man did the same to Teth.  The old man reached to the side of his belt, pulled out a long knife that looked like it should have been in a kitchen, and handed it to Dasen.  He studied Dasen as he took the knife.  “I know ya be ‘fraid, son.  The Order only knows I’m a quiverin’ where I stand, but this thing ‘ere’s biggerin’ both of us, so ya jist stand yir ground right ‘ere by me.  I’ll watch out fir ya.”  The old man spit on the ground and tightened his grip on the rusty spear he held – the line here was only two men deep, and they did not carry shields.  “I did some time in the army in me youth, an’ I still ‘member how ta use this thing.  Just ‘member, ‘old yir ground long as ya can then fall back two lines.  Ya’ll do fine.  I can tell the Order’s lookin’ out fir ya.”  The man fell silent and turned his eyes to the line in front of them.  
Dasen studied the man and his fellows, trying to grasp this insanity.  The old man wore a cooking pot on his head and had a wooden cutting board strapped to his chest.  He should have been at home living out his dotage, but here he was inexplicably standing on this field, holding the line against insurmountable odds.  Dasen was emboldened by the display.  He clenching the long knife and turned to face the pending onslaught.  At his side, Teth gripped a weapon similar to his own.  She looked up at him with fear and determination battling for control of her features.  He tried to give her an encouraging smile, but it was interrupted by the site of men racing toward him.  The archers from the second rank came to a stop in front of them and took up a position with arrows notched.  
The man in front of Dasen was not overly tall, so he had a clear view of the wave of creatures that slammed into the row of spearmen they had just left.  The men in that line accepted the creatures with super-human courage, and Dasen could not help but wince as several of the creatures ran headlong into the spears and were impaled on the sturdy shafts.  But those spears did not slow the creatures for long.  Many of the things dealt deathblows to their assailants even with spears jutting from their chests.  Others trailing behind used any of a thousand hideous adaptations to slash their way through the defenders.  Men fell to razor-sharp claws, spiked tails, barbed hooks, serrated blades, crushing jaws.  The deaths were so varied and horrific that Dasen could not accept them as real.  He felt detached from what was happening, dazed by the brutality of it, like a terrible dream that would not end.  
At the same time, the archers in front of him fired volley after volley into the creatures.  They looked for openings in the lines and feathered anything that might break through or simply fired into the sky, knowing that their arrows would fall somewhere among the legions of invaders.   But even with that success, the monsters kept coming.  It would only be a matter of time before they finished that line and charged toward the next, charged toward where Dasen and Teth waited with nothing more than knives to fend off an army of chaos-sent demons.   
Dasen scanned the length of the lines around him, searching for an escape.  Everywhere along those lines men were engaged with the creatures.  In some places, the first line still held; in others, the creatures had penetrated farther.  The rows were not that long, stretching maybe three hundred men shoulder to shoulder, but continued behind them all the way to the river.  On the sides, horsemen fought a frantic battle to keep the monsters from flanking the formation as they encircled the defenders.
A gurgling scream rose over the timbre of battle and brought Dasen back to the battle before him.  He turned and saw the archers who had been standing in front of them fall to the ground, their bodies riddled with steel darts.  The source of those darts, a creature the size of a small house, loomed before them.  The thing had the head of a hawk but no wings.  Its body was built like a bull with powerful hooves that tore at the rain-soaked ground and a long tail that ended in a ball of glistening spikes.  The creature swung its tail and spikes flew from it, riddling the defenders.  Ten or more arrows stabbed into the creature’s body, but the thing just responded with a blood-curdling scream that made Dasen want to crumble to the ground.
He was roused from his horror by the sensation of the old man shaking his arm.  “Son, pick up that bow an’ git out of ‘ere.  Leave fightin’ that thing ta those of us ain’t got nothin’ ta live fir.”  
At the man’s prodding, Dasen grabbed the bow from the still warm grasp of the archer in front of him.  As he pulled the quiver over the boy’s head, a spike hummed by his head.  The man at his side gasped and clutched his chest where the spike had punched through his cutting board breastplate.  Dasen felt a pang but did not pause to mourn the old man’s passing.  He ran to the next line in the echo of the creature’s terrible cry as it tore into the line he had just abandoned.  
Teth was waiting for him.  He pulled up beside her as she released an arrow from the bow she had acquired from another of the fallen archers.  The arrow struck home in one of the creature’s tiny eyes.  It rose to its hind legs with an ear-splitting scream.  When it came back down, the ground rumbled beneath them, but it did not slow its assault.  
The beast already had countless arrows and several spears protruding from its body, but none of them seemed to affect it.  Its tail came around again, but rather than releasing the spikes, it used them to slash through ten men and at least as many of the creatures that fought beside it.  In the same motion, it snatched two men in its beak and snapped them in half as the maw slammed shut. 
Dasen realized that he was just watching, so he pulled an arrow from the quiver that hung over his shoulder, notched it, and prepared to fire.  He took aim at the creature then saw several other man-sized things breaking through the gap the larger creature had created in its wake.  He changed his mark and fired at the first of the creatures.  To his surprise, the arrow hit the insect-like thing squarely in the chest, pierced its exoskeleton, and dropped it to the ground.  He pulled another arrow from his quiver.  That arrow ended in the throat of a thing with six muscular arms and a snake-like body with which it slithered over the ground at an incredible speed.
Another arrow was flying to his bow, when he felt a tugging at his arm.  Teth was yelling at him.  “Fall back, you idiot!  They’re almost here.  All the other archers are gone.”  
Dasen did not argue.  He bolted through the opening that had appeared between the spearmen behind him.  The sound of a spiked tail ripping through the men he had just left propelled him to the next line.  
When they arrived, they turned to face the creatures, but only the one thing remained.  At other places along the line there were still hundreds of the monsters engaging the defenders, but the creature before them had probably killed as many of its own kind as it had defenders, and the other creatures seemed to be avoiding it.  Dasen could not blame them as he watched the thing shred another line of spearmen as if they were made of paper.  Countless arrows bit into it, making its entire body resemble the tail it swung so freely, but they did not slow it in the slightest.
Unwilling to give up, Dasen pulled an arrow back and sent it into the creature’s side where innumerable others already protruded.  The creature did not even flinch.  
The futility of the effort sent a wave of desperation through him.  It was echoed by the men around him.  They were all thinking the same thing.  Eventually, they would be out of places to run.  Eventually, they would have to kill this thing.  But that was looking more and more like an impossible task.  
Dasen surveyed the battlefield for answers and found bedlam on every side of him.  Men fought the creatures and killed them only to die at the hands of that same creature or the next.  Bodies were torn apart by cruel weapons.  Screams so defined the field that he could not tell one from the next.  Fear raced through everything.  Doubt, anguish, hatred, pain.  Dasen could almost feel those emotions emanating from the battle like heat from a fire, could feel their energy like the power of a maelstrom raging around him.  
“It’s real,” Dasen heard himself saying.  He was not imagining that power.  It was there, it was real.  With that stunning revelation, he forgot about the battle before him and accepted that power.  It filled him, coursed through him like a drug, twisted around his mind so that he had to concentrate to remember who he was and why he stood on that field.  Still, he took in more, until he thought he would burst, until it felt like he had a tornado caged in his mind.  His thoughts spun around that tornado and were scattered by it.  The only things he could concentrate on were fear, hate, pain, sorrow, doubt, a thousand all-consuming emotions.  
He looked at the creature now looming before him, saw its tail crashing toward him.  He felt Teth somewhere far away pulling at his sleeve and yelling in his ear.  She was filled with fear.  He drew in that fear, used it to power himself further.  Finally, he felt his own fear, his own hatred, his own pain.  He used those emotions to focus the energy that had built inside him and wished, no demanded, that the creature causing them be destroyed.  
Ruins flash before his eyes.  He did not know them, but he knew what they did.  He surrendered to them, and they surged through him.  When the last of the symbols faded from his mind like an ember as it is enclosed in ash, there was a blinding flash.  It was followed by a massive ball of fire that raced from his outstretched hands and slammed into the creature.  The fire struck the creature with such force that it was lifted from the ground, engulfed in flame, and deposited several paces away.  It did not move again as it was transformed into a towering conflagration that reached to the sky.

#

“What was that?” Ipid asked in sudden excitement.  He heard Eia gasp, calmed himself, and slowly repeated, “Did you see that flash of fire?  What was that?”  
“I saw it.” Eia replied patiently.  “I felt it to.  It was a Belan using the gift of Hilaal.”
“But, Arin said. . . .”
“Be still.”  Eia did not raise her voice, but her cold hands pressed his.
“Arin said that the te-am’ eiruh would not participate in the battle.”
“It was not one of our order.”  There was concern in Eia's voice.  “It came from someone on the field, from one of your people.”
“That’s not possible.”  Ipid kept his emotions bound, remained calm.  “No one in our lands knows how to use your powers.”
“That was my impression as well.  Unless . . . but surely not here.”
“What is it?” 
“The Belab mentioned that he had sensed the presence of another belab on this continent.  I know that is confusing, but belab is not a name, it is a title.  That is why we call him ‘the Belab.’  It is a title that denotes one who does not need to learn to use our powers, one who can naturally draw upon Hilaal’s gift and use the power with his mere thoughts.  It is an incredibly rare gift, one that occurs only every hundred or more generations.  The Belab is the only known man with such power.  If there is another on this continent, that would explain why the Belab has been so troubled.”
“Why would he be trouble?”  Ipid felt his hope rising.  “Because this one is on our side, because we might stand a chance in this fight.”
“No!”  Eia left no doubt.  “An untrained belab is extremely dangerous to both himself and those around him.  The power generated by the battle below would be enough to turn your city to ash in the hands of a belab.  Without training, your young hero will not know how to control his powers and could easily do horrible damage with little more than an errant thought.”
“Oh,” Ipid gulped.  “What will Belab do about it?”
“This person, if he is what I suspect, must be handled with great care.”  Eia was reverent in her appraisal.  “I am certain that the Belab is looking for a way to restrain him, to show him the need to be trained.  The problem is that if he confronts the boy now – and surely he is a boy or his powers would have been revealed long ago – in the middle of a battle such as this, with so much power at his disposal, there is no way to predict what he will do.  Countless lives could be lost; the very balance of the world could be jeopardized. . . .”
Ipid did not understand, but the certainty in Eia’s words left him too stunned to ask anything further.  
They fell silent after that, but the battle continued for what seemed like hours.  Ipid looked to the cloud-obscured blur of sun often but did not have a hand to measure its progress.  He looked back at the field where the city folk fought.  The strategy they had devised had worked better than he had hoped.  The stoche had given way to the Darthur and other units of the invaders, and a fair number of men were still standing.  Their lines gave gradually, retreated under cover of the archers then reformed.  The narrow stack of men meant that only a fraction of the invaders could strike the city folk at any one time.  But they were running out of room.  Already the distance to the river had shrunk to almost nothing, and the Darthur still brought units around from their huge flanks to strike at the middle of the formation.  It was only a matter of time before those strikes divided the defenders into isolated pockets that would be readily absorbed by the numbers of the invaders.
Despite what Eia had said, Ipid was encouraged to see occasional burst of magical fire on the field below.  Those burst appeared to be one of the few advantages afforded to the defenders, and they had saved the city folk from several near disasters.  Yet every time a burst appeared, Eia flinched as if she had been slapped and tightened her grip with obvious worry.
Ipid was looking to the sun again when he caught something happening on the field below.  Several of the Darthur broke from the battle and charged up the hill where he watched.  They came into view, and he recognized Arin followed by the Darthur te-ashüte.  When they reached the top of the hill, they turned to the field, surveying their handiwork.  Arin looked at the other members of the Ashüt with a huge smile that mirrored those around him, held his hand to the sun, measured off three hands, and nodded toward Thorold.  He pulled the horn from the side of his horse and blew it for all he was worth.  
It sounded to Ipid as if the horn had been blown into his ear.  His head rang and his ears ached, but he was more relieved than he had ever been.  That sound meant that the battle was over.  The horn was followed by others, and the invaders fell back.  The city folk let out a cry of victory as if they had just routed their enemy.  Ipid wanted to scream with them, but he remembered his promise to Eia and held his emotions in check.  
His heart thumped nonetheless as he looked back toward Arin.  The young leader was talking in a tight group with the te-ashüte.  “We are agreed then,” he concluded the conversation.  The other men nodded and turned to the field.  In that field, the invaders were pulling back.  The defenders were cheering and moving toward the protection of the city.  Surely, this is the end, Ipid thought.  He glanced at Arin.  There was a grim smile on his face.  Something isn’t right.  
There was another blast from Thorold’s great horn.  Again it was echoed by a cacophony of others, and in a wave, the invaders charged back into the battle.  A cry of anguish rose from the city folk in such decibels that it was audible from the distant hill.  Ipid looked back at Arin in disbelief.  He could feel Eia clasping his hands, nearly crushing them in her own; he was losing control of his emotions. 
The te-am’ eiruh suddenly appeared on the hill next to Arin.  The young leader nodded toward Ipid – he must be watching through Belab's eyes.  The view turned to the te-am' eiruh, a few hundred in all, as they began chanting.  At that same moment, the horizon behind the hill exploded with the black shapes of winged creatures.  The things, hundreds of them in every size and shape, rose in a black sheet and swooped toward the city.
That was all that Ipid or Eia could take.  She released his hands and clasped her head, gasping for breath.
“He swore to me!” Ipid yelled.  “He swore.  By the Order.  By the cursed bloody Order, he swore.  That bastard.  That order-cursed bastard.”  Ipid raged at Arin then turned on himself.  “And I believed him.  Like a child, I believed him.  Stupid!  Stupid!  Stupid!  I am a fool . . . a fool for the ages.  An order-cursed idiot.”  His head was spinning with fury the likes of which he had not known since Counselor Torpy had told him the terrible news twelve years gone.  
“And you!”  He turned on Eia.  “You and Belab!  You had me convinced that this test was for real, that it mattered.  And it was all a trick.  By the Holy Order, it was a trick!”
“Please, calm yourself,” Eia gasped.  “Trust me.  We had nothing to do with this.  I have never seen its like.  Would I have allowed you to see this if I had known, if I wanted to deceive you?”
Ipid took a deep breath but his fury would not subside.  He pounded his fist into the ground until it hurt then used his head until he finally left it there.  “That bastard!” he repeated through his sobs.  Never again, he promised himself.  From now on, he knew better than to trust that monster.  From now on, he told himself, this was war.



Chapter 40


Dasen pulled back the string of his bow and released.  A heartbeat later, the arrow slammed into the shoulder of the stout swordsman who was sprinting toward him.  The man fell to the ground with the impact but soon rose and continued his charge.  
Unfortunately, Dasen had not hit his sword arm, and the warrior still held the broad cleaver of a weapon in his thick-fingered grip.  He was well shorter than the average man but broad with heavy-set shoulders and chest.  He did not wear a shirt, and his body rippled with taught muscles.  The only protection he carried was a thick wooden shield almost as tall as himself and a steel helmet that covered his face in a veil of rings.  
Dasen reached to the quiver of arrows above his shoulder for another shaft.  Panic washed over him.  His hand patted the quiver, unwilling to believe that there was nothing there.  Realizing that more arrows were not going to magically appear, he ran.  He knew that he wouldn’t last a second against the charging invader or the dozens of others behind him, so he ran.  He ran until he was behind a stoic line of city folk who were preparing to receive the charge of the shirtless invaders.  
The short men hit the defenders just as Dasen snatched a new quiver from the body of a fallen invader.  The city folk were hopelessly outnumbered, and the invaders made quick work of them, hacking through them like a pack of butchers moving through a flock of chickens.  Dasen pulled the bow, took a deep breath, and fired an arrow into the melee before him.  The arrow found its mark, sinking nearly to the fletching in the chest of a shirtless man.  
Dasen smiled, pleased and surprised with his sudden ability.  Throughout the day, he had shot as never before.  He rarely missed and the arrows flew with a power that he knew he should never have been capable of generating.  But he also knew that it was not him that was doing it.  It was the power.  After that first use of the magical power, he had been more in tune with the energy around him, and it continued to fill him.  It scattered his thoughts and made it hard to concentrate, but it also gave him an incredible sense of calm and purpose.  It blocked his emotions, his pain, and fatigue; it made him feel invincible, superhuman.  Several times over the course of the battle, he had also used that power in a more profound way.  He had no idea how he did it, but it always happened when the battle was most desperate, when there was no other hope.  The power would fill him, and he would unleash a ball of fire that would swing the tide in the defenders favor, if only for a moment.  
After he destroyed that first creature, Teth and the other defenders had looked at him like they might turn their spears on him, but the appearance of the huge mounted warriors following the creatures had silenced any questions.  And now, hours later, he was almost renowned for his abilities.  
The one thing he knew for certain about his new ability was that it was generated by the battle around him.  Fear, pain, hatred were its source.  The more pitched the battle, the more desperate the defenders, the more bloodthirsty the invaders, the more of the power he felt flowing through him.  
It was the power of the Lawbreakers from The Book of Valatarian.  It was evil, and deep down, he knew it.  He knew that he should deny it, but if he had, he, Teth, and many of those around him would be dead.  The power was the defenders’ only hope, their only weapon.  Put in that context, any weapon was evil, was a travesty against order.  His power was no different than the arrow he had just launched or the swords that the short man it hit was carrying.  The elements of evil in a battle such as this were beyond comprehension.  His power was one small drop in an ocean of devastation. 
The shirtless invaders cut down the last of the defenders and looked for their next set of victims.  Dasen launched one more arrow, hit a shield, and ran.  He wove through the scattered lines of the defenders, leaving the short men to fall upon another group of ragged men and boys.  As he snaked through the thickening clumps, he looked back for Teth and found her running behind him.  Despite anarchy all around them, they were a constant.  They had never been more than a few feet apart, no matter what they faced, or where they ran.  
Dasen looked out over what was left of the defenders and saw that the men were forming into a tighter and tighter stack along the river.  After the horns had blown a few minutes before – it seemed like days ago – the defenders lines had shattered.  When the invaders reengaged, the battle had turned to chaos.  Now clumps of defenders struggled to reform their lines as they fell back to the city, but they were almost out of room.  
They ran until they were twenty paces behind the reforming line, but the river was only ten paces behind them, and it was not much more inviting an escape.  The Orm River was wide and fast flowing.  Dasen thought that he could probably swim it if he were well rested, but in his current state – even powered by the energy of the battle – he knew he would not make it halfway across, and that was if Teth could swim a stroke.
As the men crowded around them, Dasen noticed that he was being pushed steadily toward the south.  Standing on his toes, he saw that the defenders had created an outlet to the city, and a steady stream of men was pushing through the bottleneck into the temporary haven.  The first buildings of Thoren were still in the distance, but he was not certain he wanted to be there in any case.  Dozens of creatures swarmed above the buildings, knocking the tops off of towers, spitting balls of fire, or snapping defenders off of the walls.  On the ground, there were explosions of fire, lightning, and stone as powers similar to the ones he had tapped tore the metropolis apart.  Fires burned unchecked through almost every quarter.  The city was a deathtrap every bit as real as the one they were seeking to escape.  
Ripping his eyes from the horrific spectacle, Dasen looked in the opposite direction and found the last of the defenders little more than fifty paces behind them.  At the rate the line was closing on them, they did not need to worry about what was happening in the city.  The battle would consume them long before they reached the first of the ramshackle buildings.
A tug at his sleeve interrupted Dasen’s inspection.  He looked down and found Teth standing at his shoulder.  She looked like she would collapse at any moment.  Her clothes were black with mud.  Blood, some of it her own, stained her shirt and pants even through the mud, and the material was marked by several long slashes some of which were held together by rough bandages that were likewise marred with red.  Dasen knew that he looked at least as bad.  Although he could not feel his pain through the energy that infused him, he knew that his body was covered with cuts, scrapes, and bruises, and if not for the mystic energy, he would probably fall to the ground in exhaustion.  He thought that must be how Teth, unable to reach that energy, must feel, and his heart, as much as possible, went out to her.  
She was asking him a question, Dasen realized.  He fought the vortex in his mind to claim the words.  “How does it look out there?” she had asked.
“Not good,” was the only response he could manage.
Teth nodded thoughtfully.  “Well, you got us into this mess.  How do you plan to get us out?”  
He smiled and was preparing his own barb about her ability to swim when the thunder of charging horses drew his attention to the south.  His eyes rose just in time to see a blur of silver and brown smash into the line of defenders.  Sporting plate mail from their head to their horses, the knights had somehow built the momentum for a charge.  The defenders split before them like silk touched to a razor.  Their spears bounced harmlessly off of armored plates as steel-shod hooves and swinging blades thrashed them to the ground.  They were helpless against the onslaught, and it was only the river that finally arrested the charge. 
There as a collective roar of agony from the defenders.  They surged back from the knights in a crunch that threw Teth into Dasen.  He grabbed her arms to support her as they fought to keep their feet.  Teth soon reestablished her balance as the crowd redistributed itself, but he continued to hold her protectively against him.  
“What the hell just happened?”  Teth pulled away from him and rose to her toes in an attempt to see above the men packed around them.
“A unit of heavy cavalry just cut us off from the main group.  We're blocked from the city.”  It was said with as much emotion as Dasen could muster, which was little.  The rush of panic in the defenders had created a swell in the energy he drew from the battle.  He felt it surge through him, scattering his thoughts and wiping away his emotions as it went.  He knew that very soon he would be dead, but he could not feel anything about that.  
“Any ideas?”  The question wove its way through the stream of power.  He barely managed to piece it together.  
Dasen rose to his toes.  The knights were pushing steady toward them from the front.  They used long swords, axes, and spiked clubs to mow down the defenders.  The city folk had no defense against them.  Their weapons were worthless against the heavy armor, and the invaders pushed through them like threshers through a field.  Along the main line to the west, the bare-chested men had been replaced by the white-haired apparitions from the road.  Those men held tight formations with their tall shields stacked into an impenetrable wall.  Jutting through the holes in the shields were long spears.  Those spears wove back and forth, in and out in a disciplined pattern that steadily pushed the defenders back or claimed them on their steel points.  Finally, he looked behind them and saw the most horrifying vision of all.  A mass of creatures had found its way to the front and was chewing up men as quickly as it could draw them in.  North, south, east, west, all sides were blocked.  They were trapped in a great meat grinder.  The men on the south and west pushed the defenders into the creatures, which gobbled them up and spit out only pieces.  
Dasen summarized his findings to Teth.  He tried to blunt the hopelessness of the situation, but she just nodded.  Her eyes were bleak.  The sorrow of her expression penetrated even through the torrent of power.  When she buried her head in his chest, the power almost failed.  His knees wobbled, and he wrapped his arms around her, but he wasn’t sure whose legs were supporting them.  So this is the end, he thought as he held Teth, smelled her metallic sweat for what may be the last time.  He sighed.  At least we’ll die together.
A man ran past.  Another brushed Teth.  A third nearly climbed over them in his rush.  Dasen found himself fighting his allies just to maintain his feet and keep Teth with him.  Men were flowing around them, rushing to the south and west, but there was nowhere to go.  Dasen watched them rush into the knights and spears, held Teth protectively to keep her safe and watched the inexplicable.  The city folk threw themselves onto the spears to the west to tie up the weapons so their fellows could move between them and strike the wall of shields beyond.  Crazed defenders to the south pulled riders out of their saddles as they died from the blows those riders delivered.  They died in droves, and some madman on a horse cheered them on.
Oban, Dasen realized.  He was sitting on the only horse remaining among the defenders, literally flowing over the animal as if he were melting – Dasen wondered how the tall, sleek animal could support governor’s tremendous bulk.  In his hand, Oban held a broad sword.  He swung the weapon over his head and yelled, powerful voice rising over the roar of battle.  “Push men!  Do not allow the creatures of chaos to take you!  Prove to these men that you have more honor than any they have ever seen.  Push!  Damn you!  Push!”  The men around Governor Markovim responded to his calls.  They rushed to meet their deaths, threw themselves headlong into oblivion and were welcomed gladly.
Enthralled by the spectacle, Dasen was slow to notice Teth yelling at his side.  He turned just in time to track the arrow as she released it.  It flew only a few paces into the very image of the Maelstrom writhing up behind them.  Creatures were flowing through the lagging defenders like a wave sweeping across the beach.  And they were next.
Teth released another arrow.  Dasen fired his own, cutting down one of the black-furred creatures he had fought in the forest.  It fell back dead, but that did not save the man it had been prepared to bite.  Ten creatures descended upon him in a blur.  Dasen diverted his eyes and fired another pointless arrow into the black storm.  
“Nice shot!” Teth exclaimed.  “Why didn’t you shoot like that when we were in the forest?”  Teth feathered a creature of her own, felling a large creature with a long neck and huge snapping jaws like a crocodile.  
“It’s this power.  I don’t know . . . .”  Dasen broke off when he realized that Teth did not want an answer.
“You know every arrow on this field won’t stop them.”  Teth seemed calmer, more confident, as if staring death in the eye was what she needed all along.  “Do you think you can manage another of those fireballs?”
Dasen looked at the horde before them.  The largest fireball he had managed all day would not make a dent in it.  He said as much to Teth.  She nodded and launched another arrow.  
In a few short seconds, the end was upon them.  Teeth, swords, hooks, and claws were all that Dasen could see.  Everywhere he looked, they were arcing toward him.  His ears were filled with a thousand curses, threats, and promises, echoing from the wave in a maddening ramble that made his insides shake.  Beside him, Teth dropped her bow and pulled the knife from her belt.  Her other hand found his and squeezed.  “Goodbye, Dasen,” she whispered.  
“No!” was all he managed as a reply.  
The mysterious power had built to a staggering climax, and Dasen opened himself to it completely.  The creatures he faced pulsed with the power as if their very existence generated it.  Like chaos incarnate, they spawned disorder with their very being, crushed natural law with their every act, and each of those acts added to the power.  Another surge issued from the defenders behind him as they died in their suicidal charge.  The city, under the assault of magic and flying creatures, pulsed with power as it burned.  Chaos dominated every corner of the battlefield, created an influx of power the likes of which had not been seen in generations, and with the recklessness of one who does not know any better, Dasen drew in every ounce of it.  
The power flooded him, surged through him until he thought his sanity would collapse under the force of its thought-annihilating anarchy.  He held that power, a hurricane in his mind, for a heartbeat; it felt like years.  In that heartbeat, he could see every detail of the creatures that were preparing to claim him.  He could see the blackness inside them, the cruel intent, the desire to destroy, cause pain, and create fear.  He hated them, he realized, hated the creatures above all else, wanted nothing more than for them to be destroyed, for their scourge to be erased from the world.  He forged that wish born of fear, pain, and hate, crafted it with his rage until it was the perfect lens for the maelstrom flowing through him.  
The heartbeat passed, and in the next, he released his terrible wish upon the world.  Runes flashed through his mind.  They were different than the ones he had seen before, but he could not say how.  Rather than fade from his mind’s eye, they burned their place there permanently, building one on top of another, each brighter than the first, to create a meaningless jumble.  When the last of those runes formed and burned above the others, the power surge from him in a single convulsive spasm.  The earth shook with the release of that power, groaned at the destruction that had been unleashed upon it, but the act was irrevocable.  
The power formed an invisible wall stretching twenty paces to either side of its originator.  That wall stood for an unbearable instant then raced through the creatures.  Its power was to break the law that held matter together in solid form, and everything it touched shattered into particles too small to be called dust.  Grass, earth, bodies, weapons, armor, anything contained in that swath was instantly, irretrievably annihilated.  
Dasen watched in horror as the thing he had created did exactly what he had designed it to do.  At his bidding, living creatures burst into non-existence, and devastation became a physical force.  He had created something more terrible than anything those creatures could envision in their most horrible dreams.  He was the monster now, the priest of chaos, the devil incarnate brought to life to destroy the Order.  He wanted to die.
When the wall reached the end of the creatures, some fifty paces from its origin, it stopped.  Dasen could feel it shake, wavering for lack of purpose.  It had completed its task but still held vast amounts of energy, and that energy had to be released.  Without an outlet for its destruction it wobbled, lost its form, and collapsed upon itself.  The result was a tremendous concussive explosion that sent Dasen flying backward even from that distance.  The soundless blast deposited him on the sand around the banks of the river, knocked him senseless, and left him searching for the direction up.

#

Dasen spent several seconds recovering his breath and his equilibrium.  His mind was shattered.  He felt like his head was full of wool.  He could not seem to hold his thoughts or link together the few that did remain.  He could no longer feel his arms and legs, but he was distantly aware that they were bringing him to his feet.  He tried to scan the area around him, but his eyes would not focus and his mind could not hold the distorted information they did manage to gather.  He began pulling himself up.  
Something hit him hard in the mouth, and he crumpled to the ground.  
He spit blood into the sand that was pressed between his fingers and felt his mind and body return to him.  He wished that they had not.  The power that had been sustaining him was gone, and the fatigue that it had held at bay fell on him as a single crushing weight.  He fought that weight to bring himself to his knees.  Pain ebbed from every corner of his body.  He did not know if he could stand, so he did not try.  He flopped back onto his seat and looked toward the source of the blow expecting to see his death.  
He did not have the energy to fight any longer.  He wiped the blood from his split lip and wondered why he was still alive.  His eyes finally focused on his attacker, but rather of the warrior or creatures he expected, he saw Teth.  She stood over him with fists clenched.  Fear, pain, and what could only be revulsion marred her features.  It looked like she was going to strike him again.  He did not move to protect himself.  
“You bastard!” she screamed.  “By the Order, what did you do?  Being dead would be better than watching that.  If you ever do anything like that again, I will kill you!  I swear it!”  Her screams collapsed to sobs.  She stood over him shaking.  
“I’m sorry.”  A whisper was as much as he could manage.  He could not stand to see Teth’s disappointment, so he turned his eyes to the sand.  “I didn’t mean to do it.  I didn’t know what I was doing.”  He looked back, found her eyes, and pleaded.  “I just wanted you to be safe.  I couldn’t lose you like that.  You have to believe me.  I didn’t want that.”  
Teth stopped crying, but her eyes were marked by huge, salty tears.  The sight of those tears hurt him more than the blow.  She wiped the tears away, and a small smile appeared on her chapped, blood-stained lips.  She held out a hand.  Dasen accepted it, and with her help, he rose.  
Teth threw her arms around him nearly knocking him back down as his shaking legs strained to support even his own weight.  She pulled him close and squeezed the very air from his lungs.  “I don’t care, damn you.”  She spoke into his chest.  “I don’t care.  Just don’t become one of them; don’t allow your hatred to make you into what you hate.  Not for me, not for anyone.”  She squeezed him again and let him go.  
Teth's eyes turned to the battlefield around them.  “All that just to buy us five minutes?  You couldn’t have come up with anything that actually got us away from here?”  The cutting tone showed that she had forgiven him.
Dasen followed Teth’s eyes across the field.  All around the bloodied pasture, men stood as if stunned.  Many of them had dropped their weapons, and no one appeared to be fighting any longer.  Most of the men had blank expressions as if they were wondering what they were doing on the field in the first place.  They all looked as dazed as Dasen felt.  He turned to Teth, but she just mirrored his expression of disbelief.  
The strange lull was mercilessly short.  As they watched, the men remembered their purpose.  Those who had dropped their weapons hurried to retrieve them before throwing themselves back at their opponents.  In seconds, the scene was much as it had been a minute before.  Desperate defenders charged into the invaders and were cut down in droves, even without the creatures or governor to drive them on – Oban’s horse wandered aimlessly near the unmoving body of its master.  Where the creatures had been, horses stood without purpose as riders like those who had captured them recovered from the silent explosion that had thrown them from their saddles.  Moving between those horses was a new group of men who were primarily distinguished by the crossbows they carried.  Though both crossbowmen and cavalry were still far off, it would not be long before the bolts began to fall and the riders resumed their charge. 
Dasen looked for Teth.  She was already sprinting up the beach to where she had dropped her bow.  She picked up the weapon and a quiver, but they both knew it was pointless.  The rows of invaders continued as far as the eye could see, but it would only take two bolts to finish them.  The situation was every bit as desperate as it had been before his horrible spell.  Teth was right.  He had sold his soul for five minutes.  
Still, Dasen searched for the answer, sure that it was there.  If weapons cannot save us, he thought, and my strange powers are gone. . . .  
Then the Order is our only refuge.  The revelation almost made him laugh.  He had just created a sacrilege against the Order, now he would call upon its laws to save them.  The irony was perfect.  Surely, he told himself, the Order does not mean for this to be the end.  We have come too far, have survived too much.  The Order has left an escape.  I know it.  All he had to do was embrace that order, trust its laws, and use them to find the way. 
He scanned the water and saw a large vessel making its way down the river, but it was far off and no more reachable than the distant bank to which it clung.  He thought about the boat. . . .
“Cover me!” he yelled, though he knew that Teth had no actual chance of covering him from the crossbows.  He stumbled more than sprinted toward the invaders as fast as his exhausted legs would carry him and, in a few seconds, reached the piles of bodies that defined where the battle had taken place before his spell.  
He scanned the bodies as he ran, trying not to retch at the excruciating sight.  It struck him just how much the power had shielded him from the realities of war.  The smell of death was overpowering.  Mutilated bodies were everywhere.  Blood covered everything.  Sightless eyes stared at the heavens, stared at him.  Only the urgency of his errand kept him going, allowed him to continue searching the carnage.  After what felt like hours, he saw what he was looking for.  He hurdled the bodies of two boys well younger than himself, tried to avoid seeing their faces as he lifted a thick wooden shield from the body of a shirtless invader.  
He pulled up the shield and turned toward Teth as the first quarrel flew past his face.  It was followed by others whizzing like bees around him.  He pulled the shield over his shoulder in time to catch two bolts that were destined for his back.  The bolts hit the shield with enough force to knock him from his feet but failed to penetrate the thick wood.  He rose slowly, stumbling as his legs fought his commands, and ran on.  Soon bolts were falling around him like rain.  He heard them beat on the shield like hail.  He ran for all he was worth, praying that the shield would be enough to keep the deadly rain at bay.  His legs wobbled under the strain of his sprint.  Each bolt that hit the shield threatened to send him to his knees, but his feet somehow found the ground and pushed him on.  
Bolts were whizzing around Teth when he reached her.  She had given ground until she was standing in water to her thighs.  She watched the sky trying to dodge the projectiles, her bow long forgotten.  Dasen yelled at her to run, but she did not look away from the sky.  
“Where am I supposed to run?  Have you already forgotten that I can’t swim?”  Dodging a bolt by a fraction of an inch, she spared a glance at him and saw the shield he carried.  “That’s great, but that shield is only going to protect us for so long.”  She flinched as a bolt nicked her arm, leaving a long gash that welled with blood.  
Dasen did not try to explain.  He grabbed her hand as he ran by and pulled her into the river.  The water exploded around them as it rose up their legs, but they did not stop.  The rain of arrows gave way to the sound of hooves churning the water.  The water rose, and their momentum slowed.  The horse sounded like they were on top of them.  It was now or never.  Dasen threw the shield out in front of them, clenched Teth’s wrist, and dove into the water.
Plunging beneath the current, he held onto Teth and kicked until his lungs were burning and Teth was struggling to pull her hand from his grip.  His head rose from the water but was blocked by something hard, so he altered his course to come up just to the side of the shield.  He grabbed the great plank of wood and searched for Teth.  She was already there, clinging to the shafts of two bolts, panting for breath.  A desperate scan of their surroundings showed that they were alone.  The invaders were concentrating on the few defenders that remained, had lost all interest in them.
Dasen laid back in the water and felt relief rush over him.  They had done it.  They had done the impossible and done it without the help of his hell sent powers.  
He brought his feet under him to push them farther into the river, but they continued to fall with no sign of the bottom.  Panic hit him at the loss of that security.  He grabbed the shield for support and felt it plunge beneath the surface.  Teth gasped as the shield fell, but its decent soon stopped, and her gasp became a sigh of relief.  
Dasen pulled his feet back up, taking his weight from the shield, and started to kick.  He had not expected them to be out so far, but it appeared that the current was pulling them away from the bank as it carried them toward the city.  The last remnants of the battle still raged on that bank, however, and it was still far too close for Dasen’s comfort.  He wanted to be as far as possible from the fighting and the burning shell of the city that would soon be upon them.  
A quick scan revealed the flat-bottomed barge hugging the far bank.  “I think we should try for that barge.”  Dasen's words were soft, little more than a whisper, but Teth retracted from them in shock.  Her knuckles were white for the grip that she maintained on the short bolts that jutted from the top of the shield.  “They may take us all the way to Wildern if we can make it to them, and we need to get farther into the river in any case.”  He put a hand on Teth's back.  “Do you think you can help me kick?” 
Teth let out a long, shaking sigh and nodded.  Dasen brought his hand from her back and pushed two strands of wet hair over her ear.  Her lips trembled, but he did not think it was from the cold.  He searched for something more to say but could only manage to stare into her stormy eyes.  
“I don’t have much left.”  When Teth’s words finally came, they trembled and slurred as if she could barely form them.  “I’ll try.”
“Just hang on,” he assured.  “I'll turn us around.  Do what you can.”  
Teth nodded her approval – or was she nodding off to sleep.  Dasen slowly turned the shield so that she was facing the opposite bank.  He gladly left the battle behind and positioned himself next to Teth so that their hips were touching.  He kept as much of his weight off of the shield as possible, and it actually rose as they kicked.  Soon, they had reached the middle of the river and could barely hear the sounds of battle over the rush of water around them, but they did not catch the barge.  It used a small sail and oars to pull itself past the city until it was lost from sight  
With the barge gone, Dasen told Teth to stopped kicking.  They focused on keeping themselves low as the city slid by.  Thoren was still clouded by flying creatures, and destructive magic still rained down on the buildings that the unchecked fires had not consumed.  At the city docks, creatures used claws, teeth, tails, and fire to destroy the wooden structures along with the hopes of those seeking an escape.  The unholy beasts waited until a group had almost reached a ship before they dove out of the air and smashed it.  They trapped another band on a shattered dock and left them to burn.  They capsized a fully loaded ship just as it pushed off.  Their only goal was despair, Dasen realized.  The creatures only destroyed the docks to make the people on them suffer.  It was too unimaginable to watch.  
He turned to Teth.  Her face was an agonizing mix of revulsion and exhaustion.  He slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her close to him in the water, felt her warmth through their damp clothes.  “Don’t watch,” he whispered.  “We’ve seen enough.”
For once in her life, she listened.  Teth turned her eyes from the city, and they both watched the far side of the river where they were ironically passing the Ronigan estate.  That side of the river was a vision of tranquility.  The river seemed to be a boundary to the creatures.  They did not venture past the docks.  Anything in the river was safe, and the few small boats that got away were ignored.  
Dasen thought about trying for the far bank, but the current seemed to want them in the middle of the river, and this time, he was willing to trust that the Order knew what was best for them.  Occasionally, they kicked to avoid the larger pieces of debris that might draw attention to them, but for the most part, they just floated, hanging on to the shield and each other for all the support they needed.  Teth slept.  Dasen wished he could, but his memories would not allow it, so he held her, kept her safe, and tried to forget.



Chapter 41


“Get out!” Ipid whispered around the misery that kept his head pressed to the dirt at the bottom of his tent.  “Get out!  I don’t want to see you or hear your lies again.  You and your Belab can go to chaos.  I don’t need or want your help.”  His head came up, eyes red, cheeks wet, face twisted.  “I said, get out!” he screamed at Eia.
It had been several minutes since Ipid had witnessed Arin’s betrayal.  In that time he had gone from blaming Arin to himself to Belab to every one of the above.  He had cried, raged, plotted, and finally given up.  He was powerless to help, was nothing more than a leaf being blown by a tornado, was no more powerful than that leaf to stop what was happening.  But that didn’t mean he had to be happy about it, had to sit with his betrayer and pretend it was alright.
Since the moment his view had been broken, Eia had traded off comforting him and begging him to calm down.  It was clear that his distress caused her pain, but he didn’t care.  He almost wanted to hurt her, to make her feel some fraction of what he felt.  He didn’t care what she had said, what Belab had said.  He didn’t care if they knew what would happen.  He was far too angry to care if his wrath was justified.
I am a traitor, he repeated to himself.  Even if it wasn’t true, it might as well be.  I will be remembered for all time as the man who delivered Thoren to the invaders.  Director Ahern was correct, it was all a plot to lure the defenders from the city, and it had worked to perfection.  I delivered Thoren without a siege, without a single tower crumbling.  I delivered the perfect stronghold and supply center into the hands of my sworn enemy, and I was happy to do it.  I will never be trusted, will be tied throughout history to the invaders, will be lumped in as every bit as bloodthirsty and devious as these men that I want more than anything to destroy.  It was all too much.  It was not a misery to be shared.  Even if he trusted Eia, he did not want her here.  He wanted to suffer alone.
“I am sorry that you feel that way,” Eia said calmly.  She seemed entirely unfazed by his outburst, did not even react to the rise in emotion as she had in the past.  She rubbed his arm and pointedly ignored his demands.  “If it means anything, the Eroth Amache is real.  This battle had to happen, and it had to happen in this way.  The fact that Arin did not stop the battle when he promised has nothing to do with what you told the people of your city.  You were betrayed every bit as much as they were.”
Ipid was too stunned to speak.  He had just screamed at her to leave and she acted like he was a child having a tantrum.  And like that child, her calm deflection only increased his anger.  “I don’t give a shit if it is real and neither do the men dying on that field.  You . . . you and that monster Arin, all of you, lied.  You trapped me, made me into a traitor to my own people.  You will slaughter them, but their blood will be on my hands.  Do you understand that?  On my hands!”  He held up his palms, almost expecting them to be so marked.  
Eia just sighed.  She drew a deep breath, put a, somehow warm, hand on his face, and stared calmly into his eyes.  “I know you are upset, but . . . .”
Her words fell off to a slur.  Eia’s eyes turned blank, her face went slack, her hand fell away, and she crumpled to the floor.  At the same time, Ipid felt an incredible wave of calm rush over him, felt his anger sucked away, felt perfect contentment.  He could not even remember what he had been angry about, and he watched Eia collapse without the slightest concern.    
“Eia,” Ipid called to her out of curiosity, wondering why she was suddenly lying down.  She’s probably hurt or sick, he thought but there was no fear, no worry, no empathy attached to the thought.  He stared at her crumpled shape, wondering how long she would lie there or if she would ever rise again.  He didn’t care either way.  Then he wondered why he was sitting in the tent.  He remembered Arin telling him to but couldn’t imagine why he followed that order.  He was also tired.  He wanted to sleep, did not know what was keeping him awake.  He wanted to sleep, and there was no reason not to.  He started to lay down.  Sleep would be good, he thought.
A stab of worry flashed through the blanket of calm.  His pulse accelerated, his head came back up, and he searched the tent.  Something is wrong.  Eia might be sick.  She might be hurt.  “Eia!”  Ipid's emotions flooded back, stronger than before.  His heart pounded, his hands shook, his mind spun as all his emotions rose up simultaneously.  For a moment, he was paralyzed as those emotions fought for control – run, fight, cry, beg, surrender – until, finally, panic won.  He grabbed Eia's limp form and searched the tent for the cause of her collapse.  
Nothing in the tent had changed.  It was still empty.  The flap was still closed.  There were no holes in the walls.  Did my anger become too much for her?  Dud she do something to soothe me and collapsed as a result?  He felt her robes and the slender form beneath.  There was no sign of injury.  But her pale skin looked sallow.  The pink was gone from her cheeks.  She was still breathing, but shallowly.  Her heart still beat, but faintly.  
Ipid moved toward the tent flap.  He had to get help, but if he was caught outside, the punishment would be severe.  Beyond that, how would he explain one of the te-am’ eiruh in his tent?  Arin would be enraged.  He did not know why he cared what Arin thought, but for some reason, he could not move.  
“Eia!” he begged and shook her.  “Please, wake up.  By the Holy Order, what’s wrong?”  He searched the tent for something, anything that could help, but other than the thin blanket that made his bed, it was empty.  Outside there were no sounds.  The camp was every bit as deserted as it had been all day, but in the distance the sound of the battle had also stopped.  Will the army soon return?  Will Arin arrive at my tent?  Will he find Eia lying there and punish us both?
Again he shook Eia’s limp form, but there were no signs of life – she was barely breathing.  
There was only one thing to do.  Ipid took a deep breath and rose.  He had to get help.  He was not sure what he would find, but he had to do something.  He pulled aside the flap of the tent.  
A hand grabbed his wrist and held him in place.  Ipid looked down and saw Eia lift her head.  Her, now icy, hand was clamped around his wrist like a manacle.  
“Are you alright?”  He sank down beside her.  “What happened?”
“Please.”  Eia's voice was a rasp, scarcely audible.  “Please, be still.”
Ipid tried to do just that, but he was pumped full of anxious energy and could barely control himself.  He expectantly watched as Eia rose, closed her eyes, and rubbed her head.  She looked much older than she had a moment ago, tired and frail as if the life had been sucked out of her.  Her breathing was shallow and slow.  
“Is there anything I can do?”  Ipid was unable to tolerate his inaction.
“Yes,” Eia snapped back without any of her normal patience, “you can calm yourself.”
Feeling like a small child who had annoyed his mother to the point of breaking, Ipid literally sat on his hands and focused all of his energy on being calm.  Eventually, his heart returned to an only slightly accelerated cadence, his breathing slowed, and his posture relaxed.  Everything is fine, he told himself again and again as he watched Eia, who was still clasping her head and looking older by the second.
“Thank you,” she finally managed to groan.  “It is coming back now.  I will be fine in a few seconds.”
Ipid had no idea what she meant, so he concentrated on staying calm, on thinking about something other than what he had just witnessed.  He listened for some sounds from the camp or the battle that might distract him, but there was nothing.  Even after he had broken the magical link with Eia, he had been able to hear the battle as a low rumble in the distance, but now, even that was gone.  It was as if he were the last person remaining within a hundred miles.  Even if the battle was over, he should hear the sound of horns and the cheers of men returning to camp, but there was only silence as deep and eerie as a winter’s night.
Then, in one cacophonic rush, the roar of battle returned.  The sound rose as a single wave and washed over him with an almost welcome din, but rather than reassure him that the world still existed, the sound of battle increased his anxiety, brought his anger back, and made his teeth clench.  It was not the idea of the battle that caused this reaction, it was the mere fact that the battle existed.  If he had been a casual observer with no interest at all, he would have felt the same rise in his emotions, as if the battle generated those feelings through its very existence.  
The sight of Eia looking at him with her wide eyes pulled him from those thoughts.  “Are you feeling better?”  His words were tentative.  He hoped that she would not snap at him again.  She looked much improved, though a closer examination showed that her features masked devastating fatigue.  
“Yes, I am.”  The distance in her voice belied her words.  “I am sorry that I was short, but I have never experienced anything like that, and I do not think it bodes well.”
“What . . . what happened?”
“The power that I and my kind draw upon was suddenly gone, all of it.  It was as if Hilaal’s gift no longer existed.  As one that is constantly in touch with that power, I have grown somewhat dependent upon it to sustain me.  To lose it was a . . . tremendous blow.”
Eia sighed.  “I should go.  I think that your young hero has done something unimaginable with his newfound powers.  Given the surely desperate battle that raged around him, he must have drawn a tremendous amount of power to create the void I just felt.”  She paused and shook her head as if pondering something inconceivable.  “With such power, he could have killed every living creature on that field or created a schism in the very fabric of the world.”  Ipid gulped.  “Do you understand now why such a person is so dangerous?  I can only wonder at the effect this had on the Belan.  I need to give them my aid.  I hope that the damage was not too great.”
Eia rose the short distance to her feet.  “Stay here.”  She turned to go then seemed to think better of it.  She looked into his eyes, said a few strange words, and placed her hand on his head.  She kissed his forehead lightly.  “In a moment you will grow very sleepy.  You should sleep for as long as you are able.  I will see you again when I can.  Remember, you did not see the battle.  Arin cannot know that I aided you, or we never be able to see each other again.  Take care, my friend.  Sleep well and be calmed.”  She strode from the tent with her black robes ruffling behind her.  
Ipid was asleep before the tent flap fell back in place.

#

“Ipid!  Ipid, damn you!  Wake up!”  
The Darthur words grew in insistence and began to penetrate Ipid’s narcoleptic fortifications, but it was not easy to overcome the deep, dreamless sleep that Eia had given him.  “Wake up, you lazy fool!” the voice rose to a yell.  Rough hands began shaking him, jerking his head back and forth like a rag doll.  “The battle is over.  The judgment is ready.  You are needed.”  
Ipid woke but he had no idea where he was, what time it was, or why he was being summoned.  Lost still in half-slumber, he did not even know what the intruder meant by battle or judgment.  Finally, he brought his eyes fully open and placed a hand on his attacker to end the assault, but it still took several seconds to regain his bearings.  He looked at his surroundings and saw the same bleak tent walls that had been there when he had fallen asleep.  He rubbed the bleariness from his eyes and looked up.  A handsome young man was squatting in front him, waiting for some sense of recognition, but Ipid had to stare for far too long to remember Arin’s all too familiar face.
The sight of the Darthur leader brought Ipid’s memories back: the battle of testing, the horns, the betrayal. . . .  
Fury dispelled his drowsiness and grew at the sight of Arin’s grin.  The bastard looked like he was waking him for some wondrous celebration.  His fists involuntarily clenched at his sides before he remembered what Eia had said.  I did not see the battle.  I do not know about the betrayal.  I cannot say anything without giving Eia and myself away.  I do not know anything.  He repeated that to himself until he had pushed down his anger, unclenched his fists, and managed looked as voraciously curious as Arin would expect him to be.
“How could you sleep through such an important day?”  Arin’s cheer was obvious, and the scent of alcohol was strong on his breath – Ipid could not remember ever seeing Arin drink.  He also wondered what Arin was doing at his tent – he had never visited it before.
“I. . . I. . . .”  Ipid did not know what to say, did not know what his reaction should be.  He reminded himself over and over that he had not seen the battle.  “I apologize, most honorable teacher.  Please forgive my weakness.”
“Well, it is over now.”  Arin sounded disappointed, but Ipid was not sure if it was with him or with the end of the fighting.  
Ipid looked at Arin.  The mud and blood that had stained his shirt and face on the hill were gone.  He was clean, fresh, eyes beaming in the light of the lamp he held.  It had been some time since the battle had ended.  “Honorable teacher, may I ask the time?” 
Arin laughed.  “It is well into the night.  The battle ended many hours ago, and the Ashüt has made its judgment.  Come.  You will be the first of your people to hear it.”  
Ipid felt a pang at Arin’s words.  Like a man on trial when the counselor returns with his judgment, he could suddenly not wait to find out what fate the people of Thoren had purchased with their sacrifice.  Even if the judgment was bad, even if it meant his death, he wanted the wait, the anxiety to be over.  He wanted to know.  Right then and there, he wanted to know.  But Arin just stood and left the tent without another word.
Ipid had no choice but to follow.  He rose, straightened his clothes, reminded himself again that he had not seen the battle, did not know about the betrayal, and stepped from the tent.  The rain had gone, and the sky above was clear with countless stars shining in the moonless heavens.  The camp was raucous, and Ipid wondered how he had slept through it.  Everywhere around him, huge warriors were singing while drinking large tankards of what must be ale.  Some of the men wore bright-red bandages, and those seemed to be the center of attention.
“Tonight we celebrate,” Arin yelled over the hollers of men who were calling for him.  He waved at them, and they cheered boisterously.  “Tonight the songs are written.  The wounded are our heroes.  Tomorrow, the verses will be added for the dead.”
“Sing!” the men yelled.  “We want your song!”
“I have had no time to prepare it,” Arin responded.  “Sing me yours.”
The men, a group of eight, immediately began singing – chanting might be more accurate.  Their deep voices pounded out the melody like hammers on anvils.  They are all singing different words, Ipid soon realized as he struggled to understand the song.  The tune is the same, but each man has written different lyrics to fit it.  It took several bars for Ipid to wade through the cacophony, but when he finally managed to isolate a single voice and decipher the words, he wished that he could make it stop.  The men were singing an account of their parts in the battle, describing in graphic detail the men they had fought, how they had bested them, and how they had died.  Each account of hopeless defense, of biting blades, of mutilated bodies, of death made Ipid want to scream.  Those are my people, he wanted to yell, but he bit his tongue and watched the ground until the men ran out of horrors and ground to a halt.
Arin listened intently to the song, smiling and nodding at the hideous portrayals as if they were describing revelers at a planting festival.  When it finally came to an end, the men each falling out as their stories or writing abilities failed, he patted them on their arms and lauded their accomplishments, commenting on some specific aspect of each song.  The men beamed with pride, quickly added a common stanza glorifying their leader, then moved on, searching, it seemed, for others to join them in song and celebration.
Ipid wanted to be sick.
Arin walked on toward the town, and Ipid fell in automatically behind him.  Before they had gone far, another group recognized their leader.  Thorold met these and kept them back.  Arin waved at them and listened to their song as he walked past but did not wait for them to finish.  “This is our tradition,” he explained over his shoulder.  “Each man sings his part in the battle.  When we come together, it creates a history of this battle.  This will be just one song in each man’s Ilvarna.”  Ipid did not know the last word but assumed it was the Darthur version on an epic poem.  Arin suddenly grabbed Thorold by the arm.  The big man turned.  “When Thorold sings his Ilvarna, it takes the entire day.  I feel sorry for his woman, having to learn and remember it all so that she can teach it to his sons.  She must have the memory of sky, eh Thorold?”  
The big man grunted in way of a laugh.  Ipid barely noticed.  He was stuck on the mention of Thorold’s ‘woman’.  He suddenly realized that Arin had never mentioned the Darthur women, and he had somehow not even thought about them existing.  Of course, the Darthur must have women, but it seemed such a strange idea that it left Ipid befuddled as he tried to imagine what a Darthur woman must be like.  He had to suppress a laugh as his mind roamed. 
After a few more stops of varying lengths, they cleared the crowds and made their way to the Wilmont Pubery and Lodgings.  The celebration inside the inn was much as it had been outside.  Men were drinking and singing gruesome accounts of their roles in the battle.  Even the non-Darthur te-ashüte, clustered together in one corner of the room, appeared to be enjoying themselves.  The only one who did not appear to be pleased was Belab.  He sat sullenly in a corner with his face cast down so that it was entirely obscured by his hood.  He could have been asleep except for the fiddling motion he made with his thumbs.
The men turned their attention to Arin when he entered the room, and the singing slowly died.  A somber tone fell over the room that intensified when their attention fell on Ipid – as if the butt of the joke had just walked in on the middle of its telling.  It doesn’t bode well, he thought as the room fell silent.  
When all the men were in their seats, Arin took a place at their center.  Ipid made to follow – he usually sat on a stool behind Arin during Ashüte meetings – but Arin stopped him.  “You are receiving the judgment for your people,” he explained.  “You should stand before us and show the honor you hope to have earned: head up, shoulders back, eyes proud.”
Still somewhat lost, Ipid took his place and struggled to hold his head high – despite what Arin had said, he cringed every time his eyes met those of a te-ashüte.  Arin took his seat and looked down the lines of men arrayed around him.  They were all silent but looked expectant.  Belab returned to the table and raised his head.  His dark eyes caught the generous lamplight in the room and reflected it back, the only feature that could be seen through the hood.  
Finally, Arin brought his hand down hard on the table and turned serious.  His attention was focused entirely on Ipid.  “Ipid Ronigan?” he yelled in seeming anger.  Then he stopped.
Confused, Ipid looked at him.  His face was severe, but he was clearly trying not to smile.  The corners of his mouth fought against his scowl; his eyes laughed.  What could this monster be about?  Was this all a great joke to him?  Was he going to make a joke about having massacred ten thousand barely trained men and boys?  Oh what great fun, we tricked you and killed all your countrymen.  Aren’t we clever?  Ipid struggled to keep his contempt from showing through his stoic façade. 
“Ipid Ronigan?” Arin asked again.  His smile broke through this time and grew to a chuckle.  He looked down the table at the other men, who seemed to share his joke.  Ipid did not understand what could be so funny about his name.
Then he realized.  Arin had not called him te-adeate.
As soon as that realization bloomed on his face, Arin slapped his hand on the table.  “So you see, Ipid Ronigan, you are no longer te-adeate.  Your people fought bravely today.  Though they lack the skill of clansmen, their bravery and perseverance showed their honor.  At the start of the battle, I did not think they would last through the stoche, but they not only weathered the creatures, they held their ground well and never ran during the course of the testing.
“For these reasons,” Arin continued after a short pause, “I, Arin va Uhram Tavuh, with the support of the most honorable Uhramar Ashüt, have changed the initial judgment of your people.  You will now be known as k’amach-tur.  Though you will not be noted as members of the clans, you will be recognized as men of proven honor who are welcome in our ranks.”
Despite himself, Ipid relaxed.  He let out a deep breath, lowered his eyes, and tried to chart his course.  At least they died for something, he told himself.  At least their sacrifices bought us our freedom.  But. . . .  “What now?” he asked through clenched teeth.  He had not intended the question but could not help himself. 
Arin looked at him.  Was that disappointment?  He had expected me to be excited.  “A fair question,” he finally conceded.  He brought himself forward, elbows resting on the table.  “To start, you and your village boys will not be punished for the crime committed last night.  Further, you will no longer be te-adeate.  You will be expected to stay with the army as we need your services, but you will be treated well and honored.  You will have the rights and protections of any man with proven honor.”
“What about those that survived the battle?  What about the city?  Will you besiege it?”  Ipid fought to keep his questions honest, to pretend that he did not already know the answers. 
Arin wrung his hands and looked down the table.  The questions made him uncomfortable.  So, he can feel guilt.  “Let us deal with those questions tomorrow,” he declared with a smile.  “Tonight we celebrate the discovery of our honorable brothers.”  He raised his mug, calling with his eyes for his fellows to follow.  They did and, with varying degrees of enthusiasm, saluted him.  
Ipid was not impressed.  “I am afraid I will not be able to sleep until I know what fate my city will face.  I would like to spare it any further bloodshed.  Perhaps, I can negotiate its surrender.”  He had no intention of doing any such thing, even if there were still an army to defend it, but knew that would both hide his awareness and make him seem the humble servant.
Arin cleared his throat almost nervously.  He looked down the table again but received no clear guidance from the men there.  Through the shadows of his cowl, Belab’s mouth curled into a smile.  “There will be no need for that,” Arin said.  He sighed.  “I was hoping to spare you this.  I want you to be able celebrate your honor.  But if you must know . . . .”
“Know what?” Ipid asked innocently.
Arin sighed again and ran his fingers through his shoulder-length, blond hair.  “A decision was made for the betterment of all your people.  The Uhramar Ashüt gave clear guidance, and I agree that it was in the best interest of our people and yours.”  The te-ashüte rumbled their approval.  “We needed to show this world the extent of our powers.  They need to see what we can do.  They need to see why they cannot fight us.”  Arin paused and watched Ipid carefully.  He dropped into the Imperial language to finish.  “It is important you understand this.  You will have important part in explaining it to your leaders.  That is why I tell you this.  Do you understand?”
“I don’t understand,” Ipid said in Darthur.  “What happened?”
That seemed to be the extent of Arin’s diplomatic abilities.  He shrugged his shoulders and bluntly said, “The te-am eiruh and winged stoche destroyed your city.  It is rubble.  No buildings stand.  Your army was crushed.  Very few survived.  Only those moving along the river were allowed to escape so they can carry word of our power to your leaders.”
Ipid was overwhelmed.  He could not process what he had just heard, and as it began to filter through, he slowly felt himself doubling over as if he had received a slow-motion body blow.  Destroyed?  The entire city destroyed?  Why?  But it was empty.  They could have taken it with ease, could have used it.  He had given it to them.  Why?  Destroyed?  His mind ran in circles trying to make sense of the senseless act.
Arin tried to fill in the gaps.  “The city was empty,” he said in Ipid’s language.  “It was the perfect opportunity to show our power.  Trust me, this was a mercy for your people.  It could have been far worse.”
 “Gone,” Ipid whispered.  He fell to the floor and retched.  “Everything . . . gone?”
Arin sighed, but there was no regret in his voice.  “Trust me.  This is best.  Many lives will be saved.”
“You don’t care about lives!”  Ipid was yelling.  He was not speaking in Darthur, but the reaction of the men around him suggested that he did not need to be.  “You only care about power, about conquest, and about the number of slaves – under whatever name you choose – that have been bent to your will.”
“Silence yourself, K’amach-tur Ronigan!” Arin raged in Darthur.  “I will not be spoken to in that way by any man, regardless of his standing or honor.  One more word and I will kill you.”  A long sword appeared in Arin’s hand, and he stepped over the table to approach his former slave. 
Ipid was too overcome to care.  He looked up at the young man with pure malevolence and prepared to lunge.  Arin stepped forward, and. . . .  
Ipid sprung from the floor.  He watched, too late, as Arin’s sword raced toward him.  He had not surprised the young man in the slightest.  He would be slashed down before he even touched his former master.  What a foolish way to die, he thought as the blade raced toward his guts. 
A crash like thunder filled the room.  Ipid was hurdled off his course by a concussive blow that seemed to hit his entire body at once.  He rolled to the other side of the room unhurt except for being dazed by the blow.  A quick look showed that Belab was standing, hands outstretched.  Arin was bringing his sword back under control and circling.
“Stop it, both of you!” Belab growled from inside his hood.  “You are acting like children.”  He turned to Ipid.  “K’amach-tur Ronigan would you prefer that we destroy Wildern while it is full of women and children?  Because that is the alternative.  Surely you know how valuable Thoren would have been to this army, but we destroyed it.  We did it to save lives, to keep from having to do it again.  If you cannot see that, if you cannot convince your leaders of the same, then I am sorry to say that this will not be the last city to meet this fate.  You are a smart man.  Use your head!”  His eyes bored into Ipid, and he felt every bit the insolent child he had been called.
“As for you, Arin,” Belab turned to the Darthur leader, deference entered his voice but did not cover the stern tone.  “We of the Uhramar Ashüt agreed with you.  We recommended this action, but we did not send Ipid to his city on false premises.  I was there when you told Ipid what would happen here.  You deceived him.  When he was a te-adeate that was of little concern – does one feel guilty when they trick a cow into accepting the knife?  But when the battle finished, Ipid became k’amach-tur.  Then your deception was to one of proven honor, as he had always been.  We all understand why you acted as you did, but the truth remains that you have not acted honorably toward this man.”
Arin listened to the diatribe like a lord hearing an unwelcome judgment from a just counselor.  He did not like it, but he knew that it was right and that he would only hurt himself by fighting further.  He nodded to Belab, returned his sword to its sheath, and motioned to Ipid.  “Get up, Ipid.  Belab is correct.  I have treated you dishonorably, and I will apologize.”  The words were spoken formally and in Darthur, but Ipid was still too stunned to understand them.  The very idea of Arin apologizing was beyond comprehension.  “Though the Eroth Amache was real, I misled you regarding what would happen after.  In so doing, I hurt your honor.  As this stands as a gap of honor between us, how will you seek to fill it?”
Ipid did not know what to say.  He was stunned by the significance of an apology from Arin, but was not so easily overawed as to think that it made up for what he had done.  Around the table the te-ashüte muttered among themselves.  It seemed that this was more than a simple apology like so many uttered and immediately forgotten.  At the same time, Arin stared at Ipid stone-faced as if expecting some kind of response.  Ipid could not image what was expected.  Was he supposed to say that it was alright?
Ipid’s attention was drawn suddenly to a hand on his elbow.  He turned and looked into Belab’s cowl.  “An apology to the Darthur is a very significant thing,” he said.  From the reactions of the men around them, Ipid could tell that they could not hear the words.  “Because Arin admits to taking your honor, you have several options to replace it.  You can challenge him to a duel, bearing in mind that you will actually fight Thorold and it will be to the death.”  Belab paused, smiling at the absurdity.  Ipid nearly laughed despite himself.  “You could have your wives negotiate a number of horses and cattle that would settle the debt, but that would be difficult as you have no wife and Arin’s is a thousand miles away across mountains and deserts.”  Arin has a wife?  Ipid was so stunned he barely heard the words that followed.  He could not even imagine it.  “Finally,” Belab concluded, “and most relevant here, you can hold the debt as open.  This is complicated, but it basically means that you can ask Arin for a favor at some later time to fill the gap.  If you haven’t already guessed, I would suggest this course.”
Ipid took a moment to digest what he had been told.  In the end, the choice was obvious.  “So what do I do?”
“Tell him that you do not wish to challenge his honor but do not have a need for his livestock thus the debt must remain open until an opportunity arises to fill it.”
Simple enough, Ipid thought.  He nodded to Belab, who released him and returned to his seat.  He spent a moment thinking through what he had to say, finding the most appropriate Darthur words then echoed Belab almost verbatim.  
When he was done, Arin placed his hand on his chest and bowed.  Ipid returned the gesture.  There was another murmur from the gathered clansmen.  “Thank you, Ipid Ronigan, for giving me the opportunity to repay you,” Arin formalized the pledge.  “Until I do, may we live as if the service has been done and the debt is no more.  Speak not of it unless you plan to call for payment, as any man of honor would do.”  The two locked eyes and nodded.  Ipid did not feel any better – and knew that the sight of his city is ruin would restore every bit of his ire – but at least he had gained something, had gained one card to play.
“There is one more thing to attend to before we return to the festivities.”  Arin returned to his normal administrative tone as if nothing unusual had passed between them.  “Belab has told us that there was an untrained te-am’ eiruh in the midst of your people during the battle.  This person inflicted many casualties upon our armies.  In particular he nearly annihilated the stoche that accompanied us.  Belab has warned us that this person poses a great danger to both this army and your people.  We ask you to help us find him.”
Ipid paused in thought.  He remembered what Eia had said, but Arin’s words invigorated him at the same time.  Annihilated the stoche.  It was almost too good to be true.  “I don’t know how I can help,” he said cautiously.  “I had never heard of a te-am eiruh before the Darthur came.  I do not know of any in our world and would not know how to find one.” 
“We know this,” Arin replied.  “Belab tells me this is a special case, but he has seen this person.  He was in our camp just last night, in this very room.  He is one of the village boys that murdered a clansman in his escape.  Thankfully, Belab saw the boy for what he was and made a picture of his face.  We hope you can give us a name to accompany the face.  Though he will have to answer for the man he killed, it is not our goal to hurt him.  If he surrenders or is brought peacefully to us and then submits to be trained by the te-am’ eiruh, he will not be punished.  In all other cases, he must be destroyed.”  
Ipid found himself terribly torn.  He remembered what had happened that morning, remembered Eia’s reaction, remembered the fear in her eyes.  But he could not imagine helping Arin again, could not imagine turning over the one weapon his people seemed to possess.  But if Eia was correct and that weapon was unleashed unwittingly on innocent people, if they rather than the stoche were killed, how would he live with himself? 
Numbly, he walked to Belab.  The old man pulled a sheaf of paper from his robe, carefully unfolded it, and handed it across the table.  Ipid held it so that he could see it without the aid of his long-abandoned glasses.  The image on the page was faint but drawn by a skilled hand.  He took in the lines of the drawing, but he did not need to study them to know the face that they depicted.  He clutched the paper in horror.  He begged himself to remain calm, to not give away what he saw because staring back from that sheaf of parchment was the image of his son, a perfect picture of Dasen.

#

“May I speak with you, Lord Ronigan?”  Belab’s voice pulled Ipid from his daze, and he turned in time to see the old man’s shrouded form just before his hand latched on his elbow.  The old man’s grip was skeletal and strong, but at least it was not as icy as Eia’s.  
Ipid did not want to speak to anyone and was dismayed that Belab had caught him.  Somehow, he had managed to make it out of the inn without revealing that his son was the boy in the picture, but he did not know how.  It had taken every ounce of willpower he possessed to keep the recognition from showing on his face.  His anger over Arin’s betrayal was gone.  He was not thinking about his home or the people that had died this day defending it.  All he could think about was what Eia had told him that morning and what that meant for Dasen.
“I know it is your son,” Belab said without emotion as they walked from the inn.
Ipid stopped in his tracks and looked nervously around to see if anyone else might have heard.  The other te-ashüte had dispersed and were lost to the festivities in the camp.  He was alone with Belab, an island of solitude in a sea of celebration.  Ipid turned his attention to Belab and focused on the task at hand.  “How . . . what . . . what do you mean?”  He tried to look surprised, but it was far too late.
“You cannot hide it.  I have known for some time.  I felt his presence as soon as we arrived on this side of the Devil’s Teeth.  It was easy to learn his name from the villagers.  The connection to you was just as obvious.  I had only hoped that we could find the boy and train him before this happened, that we could spare you this, but the Twins had other plans.”
“What . . . what are you going to do?”  Ipid was so upset and confused that he could barely talk.
“Exactly what Arin said.  We are of one mind on this.  Now that he has discovered his powers, we have no other choice.  He is too dangerous.  Either he must be trained or he must be destroyed.  I know that is hard for you to hear, but I must think of the thousands who may suffer if I allow him to continue as he is.”
“You can . . . you cannot kill him,” Ipid begged.  He clutched at Belab, pleading.  He could not lose Dasen.  After everything that had happened, he could not.
“I desperately hope that we will not have to.”  Belab sounded sincere.  “But now that he has shown that he can use his powers, we must use any and every possible means to counteract him.”
Ipid tried to interject, but Belab cut him off.  “Despite what you think, I do not do this to aid the Darthur.  Though I am bound to them, I do not share their ambitions.  I do this to protect your people and mine.  Your son is dangerous.  He has the power to kill thousands without even knowing what he is doing.  If it had been men rather than stoche on the field today, I do not think even I could save him.  All my people would be at risk of retribution.  I cannot allow that to happen, not again.
“So, Lord Ronigan.”  Belab gathered himself and looked deep into Ipid’s eyes – his own mere shimmers of light from within his hood.  “Please, carefully consider your position on this.  Dasen’s only hope is that he come to us peacefully.  If you can help us with that, it will save him and potentially countless lives.  You should also know that Arin will find out your association soon enough.  You gain no favors by keeping this secret.”
Ipid had nothing to say, so he just stood dumbfounded, unable to think, unable to speak.  The silence grew, but Belab did not release him.  Ipid did not know what the old man wanted.  He did not know what he would say even if he had decided to help. 
“I will leave you to consider,” Belab finally conceded.  “You have been through much this day.  You cannot be expected to make rational decisions right now.”  The old man looked up so that the light of the nearby camp revealed the outline of a sympathetic smile.
“Eialia told me that you saw the battle,” Belab continued after another long pause.  They had stopped walking and were standing in the middle of the empty main street of Wilmont, halfway to the te-am’ eiruh section of the village.  The mention of the battle was enough to make Ipid’s blood rise even through his greater concern – he had not forgotten the role of the te-am’ eiruh and their creatures.
“Calm yourself.”  Belab stroked Ipid’s arm.  “I know that you are upset, but you handled it as well as you could.  What I said in the inn was true.  This betrayal was necessary.  It will save lives, but you have further turned it into currency.  The apology you extracted from Arin is a rare and powerful thing.  If you use it wisely, it may make the loss of an abandoned city seem petty.”
Ipid opened his mouth to protest – how could any apology be worth the loss of ten thousand (or more) lives and the devastation of an entire city? – but Belab spoke first.  “You know better than to let your anger dominate you.  You are needed.  Your people need you, and they need your head to be clear.  You are an important player in this game whether you know it or not.  You may not believe it, but Arin trusts you and likes you.  That is an advantage that few are afforded.  You need to stay focused on the big picture.  This will be a long and bloody war.  Thousands upon thousands will die.  Your part will not be defined by one battle, by one city.  Your part will be defined by a hundred little things, which taken together turn the tide, but only if you see them and seize them.  Keep your eyes always open, Ipid Ronigan.  Chart your course carefully, and you may be the hero who saves your world.” 
Belab moved his hand from Ipid’s arm to his chest and placed his palm there while he mumbled a few words.  Ipid felt a warming inside as his concerns faded.  It was similar to the sensation he had felt that morning when Eia collapsed, as if his fear and anger had been sucked away.  “You should not worry on these things tonight,” Belab advised as he stepped away.  “Go now and spend the evening with your people.  Try to follow the Darthur tradition.  It is one of their better ones.  Celebrate your freedom tonight.  Tomorrow, there will be time to mourn.”



Epilogue


Cary did not bother to yell his approach as he galloped, full rein, down Liandrin’s wide main boulevard.  The city was asleep at this predawn hour, and even so, his voice had no chance to rise over or outdistance the ringing of his horse’s hooves.  He was fortunate to have arrived when he did.  Even a few hours earlier, and the drunks would have been weaving across the streets.  More than a few wouldn’t have reacted in time, would have been trampled beneath his horse’s steel-shod hooves.  Cary was glad it had not come to that, but he would have done it, would do anything, kill anyone to deliver the red pouch tucked against his back.  
In his six years as a royal courier, Cary had never carried a red pouch, had never even heard of a red pouch.  But he did not need to be told what it meant.  When he’d received it in Ostholm from the hand of a man whose lathered horse was collapsing beneath him, he had stared at it, eyes bulging, until his commander slapped his horse’s flank and sent him on his way.  He was on his eighth horse now, and this one was near its end, labored breaths rising even over the thunder of its hoof beats, lather dripping from its sides and spraying from its mane.  Cary was equally exhausted.  He had ridden at a full gallop for twelve hours.  Had not eaten, had not stopped even to piss.  From horse to horse, aching legs driving spiked spurs, making the poor beasts run until they were on the verge of death.  All for the glory of delivering a red pouch into the hands of his most Exalted Majesty, Elpert Risbourg de Nardees, King of Liandria. 
Horse dangerously close to stumbling, Cary bolted from between the last of the great manors and started up the hill to his destination.  Before him, poised upon the great city’s lone hill, was Liandrin Palace, a five story circle, marked with six equal towers, surrounded by acres of gardens and a thirty-foot wall.  A phalanx of guards waited at the gates, stood in place of the great bronze doors, long spears pointing to the heavens.  Cary charged toward them, and four of the men broke ranks, stepped behind their fellows, opening the way for him alone.  Obviously, the main gate had sent the signal.  The King would know that he was coming, would be ready to receive him.  
His heart skipped at the chance he had been given.  He had grown up in this palace.  His parents had spent their lives in service to the King, Cary had practically lived in His stables, yet he had never been closer than a hundred feet from the King.  In a few minutes, he would be standing before him.  
He raced between the guards and on through the lavish gardens – the perfume of flowers nearly strong enough to overcome the musk of his dripping horse.  He looked up.  The palace loomed above him, a veritable mountain of grey stone.  Then he heard it, horses hooves out of rhythm with his own.  He turned just in time to see the rider closing behind him, passing him.
Impossible!  Cary kicked his horse in the flanks, dug his spurs into its already bloody haunches and felt it leap beneath him.  He carried a red pouch.  No other messenger could be allowed to overtake him.  The shame of it would mark him forever.  
He caught the other rider, saw the palace steps through the last line of hedges, pulled back on his reins, and leapt to the ground.  The horse fell away beneath him.  He landed hard, felt the cobblestones all the way to the base of his skull, but did not pause.  His hand clutched the red pouches by the leather strip that connected them.  He swung the empty end toward his rival.  Another red pouch arched toward him.  The pouches struck one another.  The riders stared at each other, at two sets of crimson satchels shining like blood in the light of the rising moon.
They recovered simultaneously and sprinted like mirror images up the white marble steps.  Cary’s knees nearly buckled as his exhausted legs adjusted from riding to running.  He stumbled.  A servant – Cary barely noticed him beyond the black suit – moved to catch him, but he brushed the man aside and focused on his rival now two steps ahead.  Gritting his teeth, he forced himself to run, to ignore his aching legs and burning lungs.  By the time they reached the engraved doors, Cary was on the other man’s heels.  He caught him by the first turn – a servant in a black suit and tall hat pointed the way – and caught an elbow in the gut as he pushed to pass.  He lost a step, cursed, and followed.  The other messenger was not as fast, but he had twenty pounds on the slight Cary.  And his elbows were damned sharp.
Luckily, Cary had grown up in this palace, knew all its secrets.  He held back until they arrived at the next intersection.  The servant there pointed to the right.  Cary’s rival followed his directions.  Cary continued straight, hit the latch on the nearly invisible door and was through it without losing a stride.  Somewhere behind him, a butler’s voice yelled admonishments.
“Clear the way!” Cary screamed as he sprinted down the corridor of the servant’s quarters.  Maids, butlers, couriers, cooks threw themselves against the walls, dispersing their gossiping clusters.  Cary flew by the closely spaced wooden doors of the high servants, cut through a dormitory that housed the lowly, and burst into the kitchen, the epicenter of any estate.  Dodging bakers, leaping racks of dough, and spinning around the head cook, who was too fat to move, he threw open the server’s door, angled around the long table of the King’s private dining room, and dashed into the King’s private audience room.  He came through the side door at the same moment his rival stepped through the main entrance.  
This room was small relative to those surrounding it.  It was windowless and dark with only the two oil lamps framing the King having been lit.  The wood paneled walls, sanded and stained to show every intricacy of the grain, absorbed what little light radiated from the lamps, leaving most of the room in shadow.  But Cary could see the king clearly.  Lamplight sparkled from the gold circlet on his brow.  White hair flowed from it, down his back – undone, barely combed – to an extravagantly embroidered robe of shimmering gold and cobalt blue.  His short, square beard looked frazzled.  His brow was crumpled in concern, his mouth a stern line, but his clear, blue eyes sparkled, as alive as ever.  
Flanking him were his sons, the general and the exchequer.  Each fit his template – one hard as a statue, the other soft as the dough being formed in the kitchens.  The final man in the room – beyond the half-dozen guards – stood at the base of the dais, hands folded before him, face indifferent.  The chamberlain was a young man for his position, a contemporary of the princes, but he had been raised to his position, and he lived it with every fiber of his being.  He wore the robe and pendant of his office – married to it every bit as much as a counselor is married to the Order – and looked washed and ready as if it were the middle of the day.  The lamplight shown off his bald head as he nodded toward the men sprinting into the room.
The couriers slid to his shiny black shoes on their knees, arms stretched above their heads, red pouches extended.  Sweat dripped from their brows, running off noses and chins to brighten the tiny tiles beneath them.  Cary kept his eyes down, suppressed his adulation as the Chamberlain lifted the pouches first from his extended hand and took them to the King.
“Please, rise,” the King ordered as the Chamberlain dialed letters into the cryptic that protected the pouch’s contents from prying eyes.  One letter wrong and the vials hidden within would break, their contents would mix, and fire would engulf the bag.  Cary rose but remained at attention, eyes fixed, seeing nothing, awaiting orders.  He glanced to the side at the same moment as his rival.  They caught each other’s eyes and nodded imperceptibly.  
The Chamberlain handed Cary’s letter to the King.  It was a single page.  From the light reflecting through, it was only a few lines long.  As he read, the King’s eyes grew narrow and dark.  His expression became stern.  He handed the letter to his oldest son, the general, as the Chamberlain opened the second satchel.  The second letter was longer than Cary’s, several pages of tight script, and he felt slighted by the inequity.  If that were not enough, this letter had more effect on the King.  He ground his teeth and mumbled, “That idiot fool.  Of all the people to claim that throne, and at a time like this.”  Reading some more, his mouth quirked.  “Rammeriz alive.  That, at least, is something.”
He finished and handed it on – the first letter had long ago made its way back to the Chamberlain.  The Prince was not so restrained as his father.  “They wouldn’t dare!” he yelled.  “They won’t last a month.”
“They don’t have to,” the King replied.  “It can only mean that the new Emperor has allied himself with the invaders.  They know we can’t face them both.  They will make us chose, or splay us down the middle and pick our bones.”  Cary tried not to hear the conversation.  It was not his place.  He should not even be in this room.  Yet he could not help but feel his pulse quicken at the confirmation of the rumors that had been sweeping through Ostholm.  So there was an invading army.  It was true.  And they were allied with the Empire?
“So what do we do?” the Prince asked.  “From Thoren, the invaders could be at Lethbridge in four, maybe even three, weeks, and there’s the other army advancing on Wildern.  If it falls as quickly, the invaders could be at Lianne on Alta at almost the same time.  And we must meet the Empire.  We cannot allow those vultures to run unchecked behind us.”
“Calm yourself!” the king growled, gesturing to the messengers still standing before them.  “Gather your generals.  We will decide on the specifics in council.  But we will deploy.  Within the week, we ride with all our forces to meet the invaders.”  Then, with a sigh, he turned to his other son.  “And you, prepare to open your vaults.  I want these men to carry our offers to the Fells by tomorrow’s dawn.”    

#

Nyel ut Torswauk was teaching her granddaughters to read.  Fourteen girls aged five to fifteen sat on cushions around her.  The fifteenth and youngest was on her lap, nestled close, a book spread across her lap.  The room’s log shutters were open, but it was never really hot in the Fells, and the breeze this day seemed to hold none of the summer’s warmth.  The girl in her lap shivered.  A black fly landed on her bare arm.  She slapped it away with a squeal – the biting flies of summer were almost worse than the biting winds of winter.  The other girls looked at the windows, at the flies buzzing around them, then at their grandmother, but Nyel did not relent.  The air smelled fresh, of wildflowers and grass.  Goose bumps and bites were a small price to smell something other than wood smoke, fur, and leather. 
Despite that diversion, despite the sweet child in her lap, Nyel could not escape her dark thoughts, could not stop worrying about the days to come.  There was a new Emperor on the Throne of Dawn, one who was not blind to the world, one with ambitions and a great store a wealth.  Already he had sent emissaries to the lodge at Pada Por and the two in Okotok, had offered their men the gold that had been sitting stagnant in his palace for centuries.  Soon emissaries from Liandria or Pindar would respond.  Eventually, one would arrive here.  
And the men would not hesitate to take their gold.  After a generation of peace, of raising animals and crafting metals, the men were aching for war.  Lodges would sell themselves gladly to the outsiders.  Morg would fight Morg, and twenty years of peace would be shattered.  Her sons would die, her daughters would be widowed, and no amount of gold would bring them back or quench their tears.  And, for all her power, Nyel could do nothing about it.  War was the purview of men.  If every man in the Fells suddenly marched off to fight the Maelstrom itself, she could do nothing but pray for their return.  It was the curse of a mercenary people, that their women must forever watch their men march away and wonder when they will fail to return.Nyel drew a deep breath to ease her spiraling emotions.  Something wasn’t right.  She smelled a man, and a ripe one at that.  She glanced at the windows, but they were in the carved-out top of the great hill, in the highest room of the lodge.  Outside was a fifty foot drop to the roof below.  The smell had to be coming from within the lodge.  But no man would dare bring his scent into her quarters.  Then, in the next room, one of her sons announced the arrival of a runner.  With the release of a bolt, her daughter opened the top of the door, and a strange man spoke.  With an accent.  He subjugated himself, begged forgiveness for entering their lodge.  From a different lodge!  
That was as much as Nyel needed to know.  She lifted the child from her lap and crawled to the small, circular hole that separated the common area from the women’s quarters.  The passage was designed to keep men out, and it almost had the same effect on the aging Nyel.  She tucked her shoulders and climbed down the ladder to the meeting room.  The runner’s smell grew stronger as she entered.  She fought the desire to cover her nose against the unaccustomed invasion as she eyed the sweat-soaked uhrm.  Only his head and shoulders shown through the top third of the door – the bottom remained barred – framed by the faces of four of her sons.  His head was cast down as was appropriate in the presence of a mother.  Sweat streamed from his damp hair, ran down his face and soaked into his thick, black beard.  The dark hair and accent suggested that he was from the west, but Nyel only confirmed it when she found the tattoo on his neck.  The mountain with a ring around its top marked him as a son of Stermspek Lodge, the farthest west of all Morg lodges.  He must have run for weeks through wild terrain to deliver his message.  And then to come here himself, still sweating and winded. . . .
Nyel drew a breath to calm her pounding heart.  Her long, grey hair hung down her back in a great braid.  Her simple tan dress was unadorned, tied at her sturdy hips by a leather cord.  Only a diamond-encrusted pendant in the shape of the great bear revealed her position.  She rose to her full height and threw back her shoulders, left no doubt as to her importance, to the power she held over these men.  The Mother of Torswauk lodge, Nyel was, without doubt, the most powerful woman in the Fells.  Within this lodge, her word was law.  And Torswauk was the oldest, largest, richest, and most powerful of the Morg lodges.  It alone held fully a quarter of all Morg daughters in a single, sprawling building that stretched over acres of land in the center of Morgvel – a word outsiders put on their maps to fulfill their need to fit Morg customs into their own definitions.  
No Morg would think of Morgvel as a single place.  Four Morg lodges were located in the surrounding hills, but each lodge was its own, independent, self-contained city.  Built into the hills and extending through heavy wooden structures, a lodge included everything its residents needed: storage rooms, animal stalls, smithies, shops, common kitchens and dining areas.  A woman could live her entire life without ever leaving the halls of her lodge.  And women ruled the lodge.  Men had their own bunk rooms, dining areas, entertainments, and even corridors.  They entered the women’s areas only by invitation, and the Mother could expel them into the cold for the smallest infractions. 
“Great Mother,” the uhrm said when Nyel approached.  “I have run for half a moon cycle from Stermspek with a message from my Mother for you alone.”
“What is it child?”  Nyel tried to keep her voice strong though she was nearly breathless. 
“My Mother says, ‘The lost sons have returned.  They lead an army and have allied themselves as before to chaos.’”
Nyel choked on her own breath, nearly collapsed as her legs turned weak.  A daughter came to help, caught her arm, and held her as she coughed.  Her sons grumbled around the messenger.  The lost sons returned and with them the chaos that led them away.  Thus the times go from dim to darkest black.  “Thank you, gar Stermspek,” she croaked when she had recovered enough breath to speak.  “Your message is received.  My sons will see that you are fed and given the chance to recover from your journey.”  The uhrm responded with a nod and allowed two of the men to lead him away.  Two others remained before the door, Nyel’s two oldest sons, the husbands of her first and second daughters.
She found the eyes of her oldest son.  “Riju, send runners to the other lodges.  The Thull will meet as soon as a quorum can be assembled.”
“Yes, Mother,” the big man replied.  “And Father?”
Nyel drew a breath but did not get the chance to use it.
“I’m here!” Ithar ral Torswauk bellowed.  His face appeared a heartbeat later, one remaining eye leering through the top of the door.  The slash that had taken his eye was remembered by a scar that ran from the line of his silver hair across his deformed nose and split lip to his jaw.  Nyel hated him for that scar, for selling himself and her sons to the foolish outsider’s war that had taken his face and far too many of them.  She had not allowed him to her bed since.  She sneered at his presence now.  “This is not your business, Wife.  Your Thull has no say.  And do not think to interfere.  The Callik will decide how to meet the lost sons.”  He turned to look at his sons.  “Why are you standing around the women’s room like boys in heat?  War is coming.  We must prepare for a return to glory, for the only life a man need know.”
“This is my lodge!” Nyel yelled.  “Do not think to tell me my place or to order my sons.”  She closed on the door, eyes on fire.  Her sons were smart enough to back away.  Her husband was not.  “The lost sons have not crossed into our lands.  They have not threatened a lodge or sent emissaries to negotiate our hire.  Until one of those things occur, it is you that has no say.  The Thull will meet, and we will determine how to approach the lost sons.  And until such time as they bring war upon themselves, you and your Callik will stay out of it, or you will sleep with the trees.  Do you understand?”
Ithar’s face screwed up in frustration.  His fists balled, but he bit back his anger.  He turned and stomped down the hall, muttering to himself about his wife’s cold bed and dried up femininity.  Nyel felt sorry for whomever of her widowed nieces was likely to take him into her bed this night.
When her husband was gone, she looked back to her first son.  He had backed away from the door and watched Ithar’s back warily.  “You heard me, Riju,” she commanded.  “Send runners.  Assemble the Thull.  And tell me if your father tries again to outstep his bounds.”
Riju bowed the looked to his brother.  Nyel had just placed him between Ithar’s fire and her cold command.  It was as welcome a location as a lump of iron caught between the forge and the hammer.  “Yes, Mother,” he eventually replied then accompanied his brother down the hall.
Nyel turned back to find three of her daughters standing around her.  They looked frightened.  “Can it be true, Mother?” the youngest asked.  “The lost sons are just a legend.”
“There are no legends daughter, just forgotten truths.”  Nyel sighed, thought about herself at that age, the way she had felt as her husband marched to war for a chest of gold.  “You should hold your husbands close this night.  Cherish them while you can.  Ask them to give you another daughter.  It may be the last chance you have.”

#

Teros Maciam struggled to maintain his meditation, to keep his emotions suppressed, his mind open to the Order.  He was an administrator, not a weaver, but he had enough of the talent to know how the pattern was shaping around him, to see the events that would soon engulf him.  And despite generations of preparation, he did not feel ready to face what would soon arrive.
The tentative knock at his chamber door gave him the needed excuse to break his pointless meditation.  “Enter,” he said, voice little more than a breath.
The door to his chambers swung slowly open.  “I am sorry to interrupt your meditation, your Grace, but you asked me to bring any news of Warlord Rammeriz.”  An old man in a brown robe stepped through the door, head down, hands buried in his sleeves.
“The news?”
“Our brothers report that he escaped last night.  The new Emperor,” the acolyte stopped at the rise of the Xi Valati’s eyebrow.  “I apologize, the brother of the former Emperor, Nabim az’ Pmalatir . . . .”
“Has not been anointed?”
“No, your. . . .”
“Then he is not the Emperor, and we will not pretend that he is.”
“Yes, your Grace.  Again, my apologies, Nabim an’ Pmalatir has made no statement other than to postpone the trial, but our brothers assure me Rammeriz has escaped, is even now leaving the city and heading north.”
“Calm yourself, brother,” the Xi Valati sighed.  “The tapestry is very delicate and must not be disturbed.  Is all as it should be in the Hall of Understanding?”
“It is as you ordered.  Silence, study, meditation.  Oneness with the Order.”
The Xi Valati sighed long and slow, brought his eyes to those of the man who had been his secretary from the time the Order had chosen him to lead Its church.  “The last sign has come, Marcum.  The end is upon us.  Outsiders will soon enter our sanctuary.  No guard, no acolyte, no counselor will do anything to impede them.  You and all who follow the Order must maintain your meditation even in the face of death.  We are now disciples of Valatarian in the truest possible sense.”  Marcum gulped noticeably.  Sweat ran down his bald head, formed a bead on the end of his nose, dripped to the floor.  Teros drew a shaking breath.  “I will await them under the dome.  Have The Book brought there immediately.  And the boy I told you about as well.”
Marcum nodded, licked his lips.  Teros could feel the emotion radiating from him, rippling through the tapestry, distorting the pattern that had been so carefully woven.  “Calm yourself, my friend.  The pattern has been set.  We must simply play out our strands, make them bold and bright so that they can mark the way for those who will take our places, those who will carry the pattern when our strands have ended.”  
The Xi Valati rose from his mat and walked to the door.  In the distance, thunder rumbled.  The storm has arrived, he thought.  Thus far the pattern has held, but greater tests remain.  And I can only do my small part and hope that others will do the same, that the tapestry we have woven will not come undone at any of a thousand possible points.  It all seemed too much to hope, but Teros sighed and went to perform his final weavings, to pull the weft one final time.  


The End Book 1


#

To learn more about H. Nathan Wilcox, visit me at hnathanwilcox.com.
Thank you for reading.
