Dark Ranger
Book One of the Many Kingdoms Series

By Dawn Napier
Edited, Produced, and Published by Writer’s Edge Publishing 2013
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
© 2013 by Dawn Napier.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.

All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Other Books by Dawn Napier
Dark Ranger
A Fire of Thorns
Dragon Tamer
Storyland

Prologue
The fairies combed the bushes and trees of the Coldfire Forest, their thoughts sparkling like sand on a hot beach. Back and forth they flew, flowing like water, invisible to mortal eyes but shining like gems to each other. Behind them, in the gateway world of Lokisheim, they felt their master gently guiding the ebb and flow of their thoughts. The fairies looked human when they chose, but in truth they were more like bees, working together and sharing a single purpose. Their goal today was to seek out and control a possible imbalance that their instincts told them would come to pass very soon.
One fairy slowed and lagged behind, purposely ignored by the others. Fairies were sexless, but this one thought of herself as female, so when she entered the mortal world she shaped her essence into the form of a tiny winged woman, dressed in black with red hair. Black was the color of eternity, and red was the color of life. Mortal life. The other fairies regarded this affectation with calm distaste.
She drifted behind the others, ignoring the sharp feeling of need that flowed through the rest of them. Instead, she admired the blue of the sky, the green of the trees and other plant life around them. The air was fresh and smelled of many things. The fairy world was bright with magic and color, but none of it was real, not the way physical things were real. This fairy was attracted to physical reality the way a moth was attracted to the brightness of a candle. She didn’t know why she was like this, nor did she care.
Further and further away she drifted from the others. She felt their distaste and disapproval intensify, but she could get away from it simply by flying slower and thinking of other things.
The fairy paused in midair. Below her, half-hidden in the bushes, two mortal humans were coupling. The male rode the female with ruthless passion, and clearly the female loved it. Her eyes were closed and there was a breathless smile on her lips. The fairy felt waves of power flowing off their bodies like the heat from desert sand. She watched them as they coupled and climaxed, and she was filled with a terrible longing. There was power down there, power that no fairy or God could touch. She wanted some of that power for herself.
The fairy looked about. It seemed as though the other fairies had forgotten her, wrapped up in their search for whatever was about to happen. The mortals had dressed and were creeping away, still smelling strongly of sex and magic. The male was a ranger; she could feel his deep connection to the land and mortal animals around them. The female had no special magic about her, nothing that set her apart from other females --nothing but the passion of this ranger, one of the most powerful mortals to walk in the fleshly plane.
The mortals disappeared into the brush. The fairy, for the moment, was on her own. She hovered where she was, thinking.
She had just enough personal magic—or kah, as the mortals called it—to make her wish turn real. She was frightened by the thought of leaving Lokisheim and the other fairies forever, but she could still smell sex on the air and the lingering traces of power. That power was what the mortals called Love, and it was intensely attractive.
She felt a stirring in the back of her mind. The Wise One, master of all the fairies and second in command to Loki Himself, was watching her closely. There was no time to lose if she truly wanted to do this.
She cleared her mind and summoned all her power in a cleansing burst. It hurt, oh gods and goddesses it hurt, like fire and ice and birth and death all powering through her body at once. She had no real body, but she could feel the pain pouring into her through her “feet," and pulsing its way up the length of her form. She could not scream, she had no power, she could not breathe nor move. Something hard was stabbing all through her, something soft was suffocating her. If she cried out to the Wise One, he would bring her back to her fairy self and take her home. But even through the pain she felt the desire that had powered her spell, the desire to be mortal and hold that magic called Love in her hands.
Seconds later she dropped to the ground. Her body ached. Her mouth felt dry.
The fairy looked around. She blinked her eyes. She had eyes. She had a flesh body. It had worked. She was mortal! She looked down at herself. Real breasts for feeding a flesh baby. Real legs for walking on. She looked at her shoulders. Her wings were still there, but they felt heavy and useless. She looked back down at her legs. Mortal women walked on legs; they didn’t fly. She needed to learn how to walk.
The fairies sensed her loss and scattered. They were joined in mind and kah, and when she disappeared from awareness it shook them all to the core. The Wise One called them back. They needed to regroup, and the Wise One knew that the imbalance that threatened would not happen today or tomorrow. They had time to get back what they had lost.
Soon the fairy would realize her mistake, and hunger and cold would eventually kill her. Her kah would return to them, and all would be as it should be. There was no hurry, not yet.
Chapter One
The Rangers of the Light were a breed apart, so the tales said. Masters, teachers, protectors of nature, followers of the gods. They were not like other men. They did not fight over women as two dogs fight over a bone, or as two stags run at each other to test their strength. They did not gorge themselves on food and drink, wasting their lives on an everlasting quest for pleasure. They were a shining example of what men could be, if they only tried.
Would-be apprentices trained for years under a master ranger, studying the ways of the wild and the ways of the gods. They learned the language of the forests and deserts, and they spoke to the gods in the same language. They were gentle and philosophical, though they could be as fierce as a wild storm when defending their lands. They had few if any ties to “normal” folk, keeping to their forests and their animal friends. They accepted death as a part of life, perhaps the most important part. They never referred to death as an end, but only as another curve in the Circle. The darkest curve.
This and more was common knowledge to the people of the Many Kingdoms. The Rangers of the Light came and went among them openly, and they had few secrets. But they never stayed in one place for long; common folk saw these rangers only fleetingly, so they were free to make up all sorts of legends and myths about them. One of those myths was that Rangers of the Light were immune to the baser instincts of man, such as rage, jealousy, and the desire for vengeance.
* * * * *
Garrett asked himself for the hundredth time what he was thinking. And once again he had no answer. No answer worthy of one of his station, anyway. The simplest rationale for the madness he was about to undertake was that the Beast was such a creature of pure evil that Garrett was obliged to go to any lengths to rid the world of it, even take sides with one of the enemy. That was the easy explanation, and the one that a common man would have come up with and been satisfied with. Garrett, however, was not a common man.
Garrett was a Ranger of the Light, a guardian of the balance. His main concern should be keeping the balance of nature, protecting the natural world, and encouraging other humans to do the same. A Ranger of the Light should not be traveling through the dark on a mission of petty revenge.
When he allowed himself room to think freely, Garrett did not find his feelings petty at all. Kaylie had been a young woman of nineteen. Her life had been open, her future bright. The image of her battered body still haunted Garrett’s dreams. He had loved her, even considered marrying her, though he would have had to give up his calling to be a proper husband and father. Now that dilemma had been taken out of his hands.
The trees around Garrett muttered their discomfort. They sensed the presence of a blood-wizard, and in their slow, deliberate way they were asking Garrett for help. The power of the blood-wizard affected the creatures of the forest deeply, and it was Garrett’s job to roust the wicked things out of their hiding places and dispose of them.
Do not worry, my friends, he sent at the trees. He will not trouble you for long. I have a plan for him.
The trees’ muttering diminished, but did not disappear altogether. They knew nothing about plans. They knew only about now: now was the time of full bloom and warmth, now was the time of feeding and breeding, now was not the time to harbor an evil man who would taint the blossoms and wither the young. They did not understand why Garrett was not drawing his sword or his sturdy crossbow to be done with the creature, but they were reassured that he had no trace of fear. If Garrett said that a thing was all right, then it probably was.
A rabbit bolted across his path. It was no coincidence; the furred people of the forest also were aware of the wizard’s presence, and they wanted to know what Garrett was going to do about it. Many a rabbit and fox had bled out its life as a sacrifice to a blood-wizard’s greed, and none of the survivors forgot. Once again Garrett reassured his charges, and he told them that the wizard was not hunting for blood this night. The forest drew back and took a watchful silence.
He came to a clearing where the blood-wizard waited for him. He looked young and fresh, not much more than a boy. Garrett’s othersense told him that this was an illusion; the wizard was almost a century old. The kah of his victims kept him young. His robes were of dark colors, burgundy and navy blue. Not black; only a blood-wizard who was just starting out and didn’t know any better advertised his station by wearing black robes. The wizard cleared his throat and said calmly, “Your forest friends are very protective of you.”
“Why do you say that?” Garrett asked.
“A large boar charged at me several times, and I was forced to kill it. Once that menace was done for, I was attacked by a deer of all things. I thought deer were mild-mannered cowards.”
Garrett shook his head, mourning the death of the boar, which he knew was his fault. He should not have asked the wizard to meet him here. But it was the darkest part of the forest he patrolled, and it was well away from prying human eyes. The other rangers would find out from the animals what had transpired here, but by then Garrett hoped to be well away. “Deer are cunning creatures, and the bucks can be very aggressive,” he said. “Did you kill it as well?” Did he have another death to atone for?
The wizard shook his head, smiling slightly. “No, I cut off its horns and it ran away. So tell me, Ranger of the Light, why have you summoned me? I would think that you lured me here to kill me, but an arrow in the back would not be your style.”
“I wish to make a bargain with you.”
The wizard’s eyebrows rose. His handsome, boyish face crinkled, showing a trace of his true age. “I’ve lived far too long,” he said. “Now I have heard everything under the sky there is to hear. A guardian of the light is making a bargain with a dark wizard, his sworn enemy?”
All the same, he did not look surprised. He must have suspected something like this when he was approached by a messenger-boy with a sealed scroll, asking him to meet in this dark part of the Coldfire Forest, alone. One would have to be a fool not to see something like this coming.
Garrett swallowed and summoned up the image of Kaylie’s broken body, battered and bruised and bleeding from places a woman should not bleed but once a month. She had not died immediately; there had been time enough to hold her and whisper farewell. Somehow, that seemed to make Garrett’s pain worse.
“I want to hunt down and destroy the wizard known as the Beast,” he said. “He’s tall, muscular, brutish in face and form. I’m told you know something of this man.”
“Indeed I do,” the wizard said. He was still smiling, enjoying the exchange. “But I don’t know his true-name, and that of course is what you need to destroy him. No wizard of the dark lets others learn his true-name except by pain of torture.”
“But you have the power to learn it, to scry it out.”
Suddenly all trace of levity was gone. “How do you know that?” the blood-wizard asked, drawing closer. Garrett felt cold, and he warned himself to tread carefully. He felt no fear from the man, but he needed his cooperation.
“The birds and beasts tell me a great deal,” he said. “They can sense power about you, and they can sense what you do with it. You have a gift with scrying spells, and you can find out anything you need to know. Or wish to know.”
It was the right answer. The wizard relaxed. “Of course, your little spy network. I should have guessed. You rangers always believe in knowing the business of others, don’t you?”
“Especially when it is of a benefit to us,” Garrett agreed without offense. “Now here is my bargain: you help me track down and destroy the Beast, and in return I’ll grant you permanent amnesty in my part of the forest. I do not promise to protect you from the others, but I will not attack you or allow my creatures to attack you while you are in this part of the Coldfire Forest. You will have my word for as long as I live.”
The wizard considered. “So I would always have a sanctuary if someone were to try to kill me. Such a thing would be very valuable for someone of my station.”
“Provided that you do nothing to harm my creatures here,” Garrett added.
“Of course, of course.” The blood-wizard sounded distracted. “Do you know where the Beast resides right now?”
“No.” Garrett waited.
“He lives in the rocky scar just south of the Coldfire Mountains. The dragons reside not far north of there, and the entire area is barren and dead. It will be no easy task to track him to his lair.”
“Tracking is one of my Gifts,” Garrett reminded him.
The blood-wizard paced slowly around the parameter of the clearing. The moon cleared overhead, making his sharp, boyish features more prominent. “You and I will have to travel together for many days to find the Beast,” he said. “It will be a heavy investment of both time and power.”
“What I offer is well worth the price,” Garrett said.
“Do not be so sure of that,” the wizard said. “I have managed quite nicely for ninety years without your protection.”
“Yes, but wouldn’t it be worth it to have a place to go to where you would not be pursued? To just relax and rest instead of constantly watching your back? All your power and all your greed cannot give you what I can: sanctuary.”
The wizard stopped walking and sighed, and for the first time Garrett thought he was talking to the man behind the wizard’s robes. “Very well. I accept your proposal. I will help you track down and destroy the Beast, and in return you will open your lands to me. It is done.”
Garrett nodded acceptance. “What do we do?” he asked.
“You and I will travel by foot to the Beast’s lair in the mountains. I don’t trust horses; they listen too much. I have shield-magic that should protect us from detection long enough to be well under way. I can cast the same shield on you, and your meddling ranger friends will know nothing of what we do until we are too far for them to try and stop us.”
“If I’m to be under your power, I need assurance that you won’t try to enchant me against my will,” Garrett objected.
The wizard shrugged. “What would satisfy you?”
“Your true-name.”
“You’re mad!” the wizard exploded. “I would never give my true-name to anyone, least of all one such as you!”
“You know I am trustworthy, as you are not. I need you to help me against the Beast. Besides,” Garrett grinned in the dark, “you said yourself that assassination in secret is not my style. If I were to try to kill you, I would call you out in an honorable fashion.”
“A foolish fashion, you mean,” the wizard said, but he was mollified. “Very well, my true-name is Scythe.”
“That is your use-name,” Garrett said. “Do you take me for a fool?”
Scythe gritted his teeth, and his eyes darkened. “My true-name is Yahator.”
As he spoke his name, a shiver ran through the trees. Garrett looked around, casting out with his othersense, and he felt the kah of the earth around him react to the name. It was the blood-wizard’s true-name, the name by which his power could be harnessed and confined. Garrett felt a weight lift from him. He now had the wizard under his control.
“Let us meet here at first dawn tomorrow,” Garrett said. “We will leave at the earliest possible moment.”
“That was my thought as well,” Scythe said. “I think that it would be advantageous for us to leave quickly, before any of your friends decide that a mission of revenge is beneath your station and try to stop you.”
“Exactly,” Garrett said. Then he asked, “How did you know I wanted revenge?”
“Nothing else would push a Ranger of the Light to such extremes,” Scythe said, walking away into the darkness. “Only vengeance for a loved one could drive you to make a bargain with a blood-wizard in the dead of night.”
Garrett felt a pang at the way Scythe had phrased it. This could very well turn out to be the worst mistake of his life. “First light tomorrow,” he repeated, then he turned and went on his way.
Scythe smiled to himself as he left the clearing, deliberately stepping on a delicate flower on his way out. The quicker they left in the morning, the less likely it was that one of Garrett’s ranger friends would intercept him. The bargain with the blood-wizard would show up as a taint on Garrett’s kah like a beacon in the darkness.
Scythe had never stolen the kah of a Ranger of the Light. This would be an exciting new experience. Of course, stealing kah was a hobby that never got old. Scythe remembered every soul he had corrupted, every woman he had raped, every man he had murdered slowly. It added a spice to his everyday living to think of such things.
Plants that were unfortunate enough to grow in his path withered and died quickly. If Garrett noticed the abuse of his pretty little kingdom, he said nothing. A good sign, that; if Garrett was so wrapped up in his thoughts of that little slut Kaylie that he didn’t even notice what he had been called on by the gods to notice, then a trifling thing like a Word of Power planted in the center of his mind would go unnoticed as well. Scythe grinned in the dark.
He still remembered the first time he’d ever stolen the kah of another. It had been an accident, as first times usually were. Blood-wizards did not take or train apprentices; it would be foolish to deliberately create another potential enemy. But oh, Scythe still hardened at the memory. It had been a delicious experience.
In those days, Scythe had known almost nothing of magic. He’d known that he was different from the others, in powers as well as mental make-up, but there was no one skilled enough to identify him as a potential wizard. He’d started his career in the world as an assassin, and he’d quickly gained a reputation as a killer who didn’t care who or what he killed. Many hired blades had stipulations about killing women or children, but not Scythe. He had actually taken the use-name before he was even a wizard.
One of Scythe’s first kills had been a child. The little girl’s mother had taken the child and left her husband, and the man wanted the bitch punished. The child had been three years old, pretty and blue-eyed, and her neck had snapped like the wishbone of a chicken. Scythe had heard the snap, and he later heard the screams of the mother when she found her child’s body. Neither those sounds nor the sight of his erstwhile employer dying under the fists of the child’s uncle (who had cleverly ignored the father’s alibi) meant more to Scythe then the wind in his ears.
But Scythe’s life changed when he was offered a handsome sum to murder a young woman named Jana. Her boyfriend wanted her dead, and he also wanted her disgraced, so he asked Scythe to rape her when he killed her. Scythe had agreed readily, charging just a little extra for the extra service. When he saw Jana for the first time, as he climbed through her bedroom window with the knife in his teeth, he almost regretted the extra charge. She was full-bodied and hot-blooded, as juicy to the eye as a thick raw steak. Her auburn hair was like a curtain over her soft body, and her green eyes opened so very wide. She was delicious.
But she bled like any other woman, and Scythe had an easy time breaking her and using her. She fought and screamed, running her fingernails over his face, and Scythe moaned with pleasure. As Scythe’s orgasm approached, he wrapped both hands around her neck and squeezed. She tried to fight, but she had been beaten so badly that she was likely dying already and there was no strength in her small, womanish fists.
As his culmination gathered, Scythe felt something else inside, a sort of sucking sensation, as if he were drinking from the woman. Then something white-hot and energizing poured into him like water through a sieve, and Scythe felt himself convulse helplessly before the flow. His orgasm went almost unnoticed in the wild abandon of the girl’s death-throes.
Scythe had lain helpless in the bed for several minutes, shivering with pleasure. He’d been lucky to not be discovered, helpless as he was. The woman’s body was warm beneath him, and his cock twitched at the contact, spent as it was.
Later, when Scythe was able to gather his wits and leave Jana’s corpse in her bed, he had time to mull over what had happened. He felt strong and alive, as if he could pick up a mountain and hurl it like a pebble. Somehow, he knew, he had stolen Jana’s life-energy as she died, and her kah was now his. He had to learn more about this. The possibilities were endless.
Almost a hundred years later, Scythe was still exploring those same possibilities. He’d had to torture a number of wizards in order to obtain the books he needed to study, but that was all right. Wizards were tough to kill, because in their apprenticeships they all learned a spell called Final Strike that exploded the wizard’s kah and killed everyone around him. Final Strike was reserved for the last minutes of one’s life, when there was no hope left. But as long as Scythe made them understand that they would not die if they gave him what he wanted, they would not cast Final Strike. The wonderful thing about that approach was that all light-wizards were obliged to report observed activity of a blood-wizard, but none of them would report him because they were ashamed of having given in to him. Scythe grinned.
Once Garrett was his, the ranger’s kah would give him power that would last another hundred years. And the pleasure, he reminded himself, was in the seduction.
Chapter Two
Nolan was very worried. He and Wren had an agreement to keep a quiet eye on Garrett in his time of mourning, and what they had observed was not encouraging. According to Wren, Garrett rarely slept at night, never seemed to eat, and he had been seen wandering about the forest by himself, muttering. Not that it was unusual for a ranger to wander, far from it; if Garrett were spending time communing with his land, that would be encouraging, but Wren said that Garrett was completely self-absorbed, pacing the ground restlessly and ignoring everything around him. Garrett had, it seemed, withdrawn from all living company. Not even the chirping of the birds could rouse his attention, and Garrett had always been amused and cheered by their gossip before.
Nolan could have accepted all that as normal for a man in the deepest part of the grieving process. When a loved one died suddenly, the survivors often did not want to be cheered up or reminded of happier times; they did not want to do anything but wallow in their grief. They usually did so for a few weeks and then came out of it slowly, like a swimmer from deep water. Nolan’s friend Wren had once nursed his sister through widowhood, and he had observed the process. Clara had wanted to die for the first month, and Wren and his mother had watched her closely. Then later, she had wanted to join the nunnery and spend the rest of her life cloistered and alone. She was still a very pious person; apparently belief in the gods and the hereafter had soothed her somewhat. But with time she had regained her will to survive, and perhaps one day she might marry again. Nolan had had faith that Garrett would do the same, given time.
But then the news came from Constable Senter that Garrett had not been seen in Hermitage for several days. There was trouble in Garrett’s forest, and the ranger was nowhere to be found.
It was a candlemark before dawn, but Nolan’s heart was hammering hard and he felt no yearning for his bed. He was walking silently over the dew-damp grass of the Potter family’s back yard, searching for something that Garrett should have dealt with a week ago. The crisp morning air quickened in his lungs, and he cast about for the trail of the sickened dog. Traces of the dog were everywhere; he was a family pet after all, but Nolan was looking for recent traces, the sickly trail of a dying animal. It didn’t take long to find what he was looking for.
And if Nolan found Garrett again, he would throttle the man for being so neglectful of his duties!
Garrett’s patrol area was the part of the Coldfire Forest immediately north of Hermitage. It was a huge section of the forest, and it would take a grown man several days to walk its length. The Coldfire was home to many interesting creatures, among them wolves, harpies, and the occasional gryphon pride. Part of Garrett’s job was making sure that the forest inhabitants and the village inhabitants left one another alone. He lived in a small cottage on the northern edge of Hermitage, and he patrolled the forest constantly. Sometimes he stayed out in the forest for several days, camping under the trees and communing with his fellow creatures and his gods.
But now there was trouble. The Potters’ dog had become infected with slaverbite. Such things happened often; dogs were always fighting with rats and other vermin that carried the dread disease. It had been sick for several days, but the family had put off killing their pet in hopes that it was some minor infection. And then, late last night, the dog had slipped its leash and was now loose. It was wandering about either in the village or the nearby forest, and either direction meant danger. If it were in the village, it might bite someone, and if it were in the forest, it might spread the disease to healthy animals and cause an epidemic.
It should have been up to Garrett to track the beast and put it out of its misery; in fact, he should have sensed slaverbite in the village and found it before it got loose. But the people of the village all said that he was not in his cottage, and the birds in the forest could not find him either. And if the birds could not find a huge, noisy (compared to a bird) human being, that meant that he was not there.
Nolan soon found the traces he was looking for; they were the only ones that led out of the yard. His othersense showed the tracks as a dull, sickly green sprinkled with infected urine and saliva. The dog was deathly ill by now, but still lively enough to be dangerous. Nolan steeled himself and started off in the direction they led, toward the forest. He felt no fear for himself, but he felt badly about what he had to do. The Potters children, two boys and a girl, were already deep in mourning for their good dog. The father had asked Nolan to bring the body back to them, heavily wrapped of course, so that they could bury the dog and have a memorial for it.
Nolan’s spirits rose somewhat as he left the village behind and entered the forest that ought to be Garrett’s domain. Nolan remembered very little about his childhood, growing up in Deep Lake. Certain episodes stood out in his mind: getting smacked by Pa for telling a crude joke about the gods and fornication, staying up all night in hopes of glimpsing the spirits and witches his school-mate Jon swore rode the winds every night, his first ride on a neighbor’s pony. But his day-to-day existence was a blur. He barely remembered the names of his instructors, the lessons he learned, or who he played with when Wren was with Master Raven. The only constant was the cool green of the forest that started behind his house and grew thick and dense for days in all directions. Nolan had loved tramping through those woods, climbing trees, studying plants, and capturing the occasional lizard or toad. He never kept them long, just a day or two to play with and show to Wren. But those daily rambles through the forest were his refuge, his escape from the everyday clamor that other boys seemed to thrive on. It should have come as no surprise that Nolan would choose rambling through the forest as his vocation. Although, he often argued, it was a vocation that had chosen him.
Nolan tried to summon that feeling again, the cool freedom he always felt when he stepped out of the world of man into that of Thena, the goddess of animals. Hard-packed dirt gave way to soft leaves and the smells of smoke and cooking gave way to the smells of rain and growth. Nolan breathed deeply and tried to clear his mind of all tension.
It worked, but only a little. Nolan felt as tense and edgy as he had when he first heard from Constable Senter. He and Wren patrolled areas east and west of Garrett, and they had made a point to stop in Hermitage frequently to check on the grieving ranger. It was on one of those stops that Senter had intercepted Nolan and asked for his help with the runaway dog. Nolan did not know if it was the unpleasant task in front of him or something else, but he could not make his hands stop twitching. He hoped it was the task.
Why had Garrett’s othersense not alerted him to the problem as soon as it occurred? Slaverbite was a dread disease, and it was a ranger’s duty to keep such infections in check. The Potters had alerted Constable Senter as soon as the dog had escaped, and Senter had tried to find Garrett and ask him for help. But Garrett had been nowhere to be found. Messengers Senter sent into the forest to find him came back shrugging their shoulders. Either Garrett was avoiding all human contact as well as his duties, or he had left the area without telling anyone. Neither was normal or acceptable for a Ranger of the Light.
Nolan drew his crossbow. The dog was just up ahead; Nolan could almost smell the hot sickness coming off the poor beast in waves. Nolan’s heart swelled with pity. It was not the dog’s fault that it had gotten sick; it had no doubt attacked the infected animal out of protective instinct. Nolan intended to kill the dog quickly. It was all he could do, and a bolt to the heart was much kinder than the drawn-out suffering the dog would otherwise endure.
Where was Garrett? What was he doing now? The more Nolan thought about it, the more uneasy he became. Garrett had been a quiet, friendly type, the sort of person one automatically trusted. Quick with a joke, slow to anger, he had been a good man to know. When he started visiting Kaylie in her home in Hermitage, Nolan and Wren had grinned behind their hands and planned their wedding gifts. Then Kaylie died, and Garrett changed.
Died. Nolan chided himself. If Kaylie had merely died, Garrett probably would have mourned for a time and then gone on with his life. A ranger dealt with death every day, be it the poaching of deer or the horror of slaverbite. Death was a part of life, and it was part of the Circle.
No, Kaylie had been murdered, a thing unheard of in the forest world. Brutally raped and slashed and left to bleed out her life on the rocks behind her family’s cottage. Nolan had seen her body over and over again in Garrett’s eyes.
Rumor had it that she had been taken by a blood-wizard, one of those horrible vampiric folk who used the death and pain of others to feed their own powers. Nolan did not know for certain if the rumors were true, but he did know that the ambient kah around Hermitage had been dim and cold for several days after the murder, as if something or someone had sucked the very warmth out of the air. That was symptomatic of a visit from a blood-wizard. Nolan’s grip on his crossbow tightened. He wished that it were Kaylie's killer that he was preparing to shoot, not an innocent animal.
A low growl brought him back to the present. The grey light of dawn was brightening to golden, and Nolan could clearly see the sick dog a dozen paces ahead of him. It was brown and white, just as Mr. Potters had described, and one ear was a bit ragged from where it had tangled with the rat or raccoon or whatever it had been. The dog hobbled toward him, drooling and growling. Its eyes were red with pain and fury, and Nolan could almost feel the disease in his head, a dull pounding that would not go away.
“Don’t worry, little friend,” he said. “This will soon be over.” He brought his crossbow up and took aim. “May you have better luck in your next life.”
He sighted along the crossbow shaft and squeezed the trigger. Just as the bolt discharged, he saw Garrett’s face in front of him, white as milk with fear.
Nolan dropped his crossbow, but it was too late. The shaft planted itself in Garrett’s left eye, sending dark blood spraying out into the cold morning air. Garrett crumpled to his knees, then to the ground, still wearing the same look of fear and puzzlement.
Nolan ran over to the body, his mind gibbering with shock. What had he done? How had he made such a terrible mistake? It was no longer dark, and Nolan had plainly seen the dog, brown and white, with the ragged ear.
Nolan knelt beside the body, and he blinked several times. Garrett’s body was gone, and in its place was the slaverbitten dog, now dead. Nolan’s crossbow shaft protruded from its left eye. The sickly green glow of slaverbite was fading; the infection was dying as the dog’s body cooled.
Nolan sat back on his haunches and pondered. Had he hallucinated? Perhaps his worry for Garrett had allowed his imagination to wander away with his wits for a moment.
Or perhaps it had been an omen. The gods sometimes sent messages in the form of visions to their mortal charges, warning them of troubles to come. How much trouble was Garrett in right now, and what would it take to get him out?
Nolan pushed the thought away for the present. Later he could go over the details of the vision with Wren and a hot breakfast, but right now he had a chore to complete. He pulled the burlap sack off his shoulder and put it over the body of the dog. He then turned the sack inside out around the body so that he could pick it up without touching it. Then he wrapped the bundle in a large sheet that had been made of many animal stomachs stitched together. Nolan carried the bundle back to Hermitage over his shoulder.
He deposited the body on the front doorstep of the Potters’ house and knocked gently on the door. A handsome older woman, heavy-set and even-featured, opened the door a crack. Her green eyes were watery and red.
Nolan pointed down at the bundle, and the woman nodded. “Thank you,” she said hoarsely. “You’ve saved Wag a lot of suffering.”
Nolan bowed his head and put both hands over his heart. He might have done them a service, but he did not feel that it was something he ought to be thanked for. Without a word, he turned and headed south, toward the center of town and the local inn. Wren would be there waiting for him, as well as a pretty serving girl and a hot breakfast.
* * * * *
The Raven’s Eye was a good little inn, well-kept and well run. It had been in the same family for several generations, and they had always provided exceptional service. Nolan knew nothing about the generations gone before, but he knew that of all the places he had ever eaten, the Raven’s Eye was second only to the kitchen of Wren’s mother. It was clean, smoke-free, and the serving girls were lovely to the eye. Nolan pushed the heavy wooden door open with a small smile of anticipation. With luck he would be able to ignore the nagging problem of Garrett until after breakfast.
Wren jumped to his feet with a look of relief when Nolan entered the inn. “Nolan,” he said. “I have news of Garrett.” He reached out and clasped hands with Nolan, and for a moment the two rangers regarded one another in comfortable silence.
The two companions, who were more like brothers, complimented each other in appearance. Nolan was tall, broad-shouldered and fair, while Wren was thin and dark. Their clothing was similar; they both wore knee-high summer moccasins, trousers of a new, light weave that kept off the sun while letting heat escape, and close-fitting shirts of the same light-weave material. But Nolan was dressed all in shades of brown, while Wren wore solid black from head to toe. Together with his black hair and deep brown eyes, Wren cut an intimidating figure. Nolan sometimes teased him that he looked more like a blood-wizard than a real blood-wizard ever would.
They may not have been blood brothers, but between them ran a bond thicker than any mere friendship. Wren’s mother had saved Nolan’s life. Nolan’s mother had died in childbirth of swelling and bleeding, and the infant Nolan had almost died as well. The midwife, a tough old bird who had seen two wars and tended their wounded, saved the baby by cutting his mother’s body and removing him while it was still warm. Infant Nolan might still have died, but elsewhere in the village lived a woman who had given birth only a week before, and her milk had just come. She had become Nolan’s wet-nurse, and she bonded with him as she had her own infant. Wren and Nolan had grown up together, gone to school together, and helped each other through the worst of their growing pains. Just sharing his worry for Garrett with Wren soothed Nolan’s spirit.
Nolan joined Wren at the little wooden table that he had chosen. They sat in the farthest corner of the inn, well away from both the entrance and the bar. The place was almost empty, and the three serving girls gossiped idly at a table near the entrance. One of them took note of their presence and nodded to the others. The other two smiled and one made a go-to-it gesture with her hand. All of the wenches here were fair-haired and full-hipped, not because they had been hired for their assets but because they were all sisters. Their mother, the innkeeper and head cook, had given birth to a mind-boggling four babies at one time. They were not identical in appearance, as such babies sometimes were, but they were similar enough that their relationship was unmistakable.
The girl held one hand to her generous hip and made the most of her walk over to the table. Nolan averted his eyes, but Wren watched with obvious enjoyment. “How may I serve you?” she asked. She cocked her head at Nolan.
“Eggs and new potatoes for me,” Nolan said to his hands. “And a mug of java, please.”
“Ham and toasted bread with cheese,” Wren added to the girl’s bosom, “and java for myself as well. And quickly please, we’re hungry.”
The girl smiled and said, “Whatever you like.” With one last long look at Nolan, she swaggered off. Nolan sighed.
“It gets harder and harder not to notice when she does that,” he said.
“Why don’t you go with her?” Wren asked. “She fancies you, I can tell.”
“Why don’t you?” Nolan retorted. “I saw her looking at you.”
“Maybe so, but she was looking at you longer. Nolan, you really need a woman. This chaste priest-of-Diana routine is good for your image but bad for your life.”
“Find a woman, find a woman,” Nolan snorted. “The world is full of women; I have no trouble finding them.”
“Right, but you seem to have trouble being with them,” Wren said.
Nolan gritted his teeth; Wren had struck a nerve. His milk-brother saw it immediately and apologized. “I’m sorry Nolan; that went too far. But really, why don’t you go with Fern? She fancies you, and she lives right in the village. I don’t see a problem.”
“She wouldn’t stay with me,” Nolan said quietly. “She’d get tired of waiting for me to come back all the time and she’d find someone else.”
Wren shook his head. “You can’t know that.”
“I do. She’s too pretty, too well-liked by the village men. She’d never stay with me.”
Wren rolled his eyes and looked away. Nolan’s self-image was the most frustrating side of him. Finally he changed the subject slightly. “Fern’s the one who lives here and looks after Lily, right?”
“Right.” Lily was just as pleasant to look at as her sisters, but she had been born last, smallest, and she had not started breathing right away. It had taken the midwife several minutes of frantic blowing and massaging to get the tiny infant to live, and the girl was still not quite right. She had the mental faculty of a small child.
Sometimes men tried to take advantage of her beauty, thinking her easy prey, but they never made the mistake a second time. Lily’s sisters, Rose, Fern, and Violet, were all fiercely protective of their “little” sister. A drunk at the inn had tried to molest Lily once, and Nolan heard that he later had to be treated by the local physician for cuts, cracked ribs, and a nasty scalding burn that looked to have been caused by hot soup. Fern acted as empty-headed as any light-skirts around handsome men, but she raged like a she-wolf if anyone threatened her sister.
“So what is your news of Garrett?” Nolan asked, finally returning to the topic at hand. “Have you heard from him?”
“Nothing from Garrett directly,” Wren said. “But I’ve been exploring his region of the Coldfire Forest ever since you left to take care of the dog, and what I’ve found troubles me.”
Nolan felt a chill. “Tell me,” he said.
“Garrett was last seen two nights ago, in a clearing deep in the forest. The insects, as you know, are excellent time-keepers, so I have it down to the minute.”
Nolan nodded, and Wren went on. “I do not know exactly what happened that night in the clearing, because my witnesses do not understand the spoken language of men. But several different creatures remember seeing Garrett in the presence of an evil human. From the smell I picked up from their memories, I believe that it was a blood-wizard.”
Nolan swallowed. A blood-wizard, like the monster that had taken Kaylie. Fern brought their food, but Nolan could not even look at it. “Tell me the rest,” he said. “Was Garrett taken prisoner?”
“I almost wish it were so,” Wren said quietly. He glanced around to make sure Fern out of hearing range. She was; Fern was too well-trained to eavesdrop unless she was sure they were discussing her.
“The wizard was allowed in the forest by Garrett’s will. And the two of them together had a flock-herd-pack connection. There can be no mistake; I received the same impressions from several different creatures of different species. And—and several animals were killed by the blood-wizard, and Garrett did not avenge them.”
Nolan went cold. His heart was like a lump of ice in his chest, still and dead. Trees did not lie or make up stories. And they knew Garrett, knew his kah. There could be no mistake. Garrett had conspired with a blood-wizard, and now he had disappeared, abandoned his station.
“Garrett has turned, my brother,” Wren said softly. His dark eyes were bright with unshed tears. “Kaylie’s death has driven him mad.”
“No!” The word came out like a stone from a sling. “It’s not possible. Garrett is a good man.”
Wren leaned over and squeezed Nolan’s arm. “You know that it is always possible. Our master taught all three of us the same lesson. Even the best can be blinded by fear, or hatred.”
Nolan put his head in his hands. Fern saw the gesture and started toward them, perhaps thinking to comfort the handsome ranger. A look from Wren kept her in her place. Nolan was confused and angry and likely to lash out at the nearest target. Better to keep any civilians out of harm’s way.
“What do you think happened?” Nolan said through his hands. “Did the wizard kill him and take his power, or is Garrett working for him now?”
“I think that Garrett has allied himself with the wizard in order to get revenge for Kaylie,” Wren said. “He may have reasoned that the only thing that could defeat a blood-wizard was another blood-wizard. I believe that they are right now working together, tracking the Beast in order to kill him.”
“Then perhaps he can be saved!” Nolan looked up quickly. “He has not become truly evil if all he wants is justice for Kaylie. If we can get him away from the blood-wizard before he can enchant him—“
“Nolan, be sensible,” Wren said sharply. “There can be no justice for Kaylie. She is dead. What was taken from her cannot be returned. This is not justice; it is revenge. And Garrett has allied himself with the enemy, rather than turn to one of us for help.”
“He probably thought that we wouldn’t help him, that we’d just tell him that a Ranger of the Light is above petty revenge.”
“I would have said that,” Wren said, looking away. “And then I would have helped him anyway. There will never be justice for Kaylie, but killing the Beast would remove a dangerous evil from the Circle.”
“There is still hope for Garrett,” Nolan insisted. “If we go after him, help him on his mission, we can separate him from the blood-wizard and bring him back to his senses. If we catch him in time, we may be able to salvage his soul.”
“His soul is his alone, not ours to salvage or condemn,” Wren said. “You are determined to throw your life away, aren’t you?”
“My father asked me that the day I left home to answer the call of the gods,” Nolan said. “I’ll tell you the same thing I told him: if I die trying to improve the world, then I have died well.”
Wren nodded. “You do know what we will have to do if we find that Garrett has truly turned away from the Light.”
Nolan swallowed. In his mind’s eye, he saw himself sighting down the crossbow shaft and seeing Garrett’s white, frightened face. He saw the blood spurting from his left eye, his body crumpling to the ground.
“I know,” he said. “Diana sent me a vision.”
“Then eat up and let’s go.”
* * * * *
Iron-Hoof stomped through the trees, kicking at fallen leaves, low bushes, and anything else foolish enough to get in his way. His tail swished back and forth madly, though there were no flies to speak of. He hated traveling near humans, and this whole area stank of the beasts.
He didn’t have a choice, though. The centaur herd had decided unanimously that Iron-Hoof needed time alone to ponder the error of his ways. The error of his ways! Iron-Hoof snorted heavily and stomped on a hapless wildflower. Golden-Coat was promised to him, and Deer-Step had tried to mate her. And then Deer-Step had lied, saying that Golden-Coat had approached him. As if Iron-Hoof’s beloved would do such a thing. Deer-Step was in the wrong, and he had deserved to get kicked in the head.
Iron-Hoof did feel badly about killing the other centaur; he had intended for it to be a warning strike, but the fool had ducked the wrong way. Deer-Step’s death was an accident, and Iron-Hoof had apologized both to Deer-Step’s dam and to Golden-Coat, who had witnessed the fight. There was nothing else he could do, and he was not about to beat himself to pieces with guilt about the matter.
Nevertheless, the entire herd had convened and passed down this horribly unfair judgment. Iron-Hoof had to spend a fortnight alone in the wilds with only his club to protect him. And furthermore, he had to stay in this gods-forsaken part of the wilds, many days away from the herd’s lands. They had some sort of magical tracker on him that would alert the entire herd if he tried to come back before his time was up. A fortnight here in one tiny section of land, not able to rove wherever he liked, leashed like a human’s pet dog. He couldn’t even sneak back within sight of the herd so that he could catch a glimpse of Golden-Coat and find out if she’d chosen another mate. The matter had been left ambiguous at the herd-council; she had turned away and refused to look at or speak to him. So he did not know.
Iron-Hoof swung his club and obliterated a low-hanging tree branch with a satisfying smash. At least there was plenty to do here, though there was no one to talk to.
Then he stopped. There was a new smell coming from nearby, human scent and something else. Blood, perhaps. A human had just finished hunting. Iron-Hoof hesitated. Humans were dangerous, no question, but they weren’t all evil. And Iron-Hoof liked the taste of cooked meat.
“Hello out there,” a man’s voice called. “If you’re a friendly sort, come and share my camp.”
Iron-Hoof stepped forward. Just past the tree he had attacked was a small clearing where someone was building a fire. A human someone, dressed in brown robes. A human wizard? Iron-Hoof started to back away, but there was something behind him, some force pushing him forward. The wizard was working magic on him, drawing him toward the fire. Iron-Hoof stomped his feet, but to no avail. The wizard-man smiled.
“Come here, sir,” he said. “My companion is out hunting somewhere, and no doubt praying to some god or other for guidance. I am in dire need of company, aren’t you? So what brings you so far from your herd?”
Something cold and hard clamped down on Iron-Hoof’s chest and tongue. Some other-force seemed to take control and spilled every detail of Iron-Hoof’s life into the open air. Iron-Hoof struggled and fumed, but his voice kept on in a careful monotone, telling the stranger everything that had led to his exile.
When his voice finally ceased and became his own again, Iron-Hoof was trembling with shame and anger. He wanted to take his anger out on something, maybe that skinny little human sitting in front of him, but instinct told him that the stranger was more than his club could handle. That blood-smell was coming directly from him, though there was no killed game in sight.
“Of course it was not your fault,” the stranger said. “Deer-Step was a fool to challenge you by trying to take your mate. And furthermore, I have reason to believe that Deer-Step’s death was caused by magic. Human magic.”
“How do you mean?” Iron-Hoof asked. His voice was gruff, but inside he was intrigued. Why would humans want to kill Deer-Step?
“Think on it. Your hooves are strong and swift, and your aim is perfect. You had intended to warn Deer-Step, not kill him. Only magic could have caused such a dreadful accident, and only a human could have cast such a spell. But why would a human wizard wish to see you outcast?”
Iron-Hoof was about to ask the same question, but as soon as the stranger spoke the words the answer came to him. “Because I am the strongest,” he said. “They want me out of the way so that they can attack my herd and take them prisoner. They wish to use my people the way they do those poor horses.”
“What a shameful thing to do to such noble beasts,” the stranger said. He did not smell like horse, Iron-Hoof noted with approval. This wizard, whatever he was, did not abuse equines.
Then Iron-Hoof felt very odd. Dizzy, as though he had suddenly been turned upside-down and then righted again. “What should I do?” he asked, putting his hand to his forehead as if to steady himself. “Should I go back home?”
“I know the enemy responsible,” the stranger said quietly. His voice was very deep for a human. “They live in that village the humans call Hermitage, and they are preparing to travel this way. Watch for them. There are two, and they reek of magic and animals. They can control your thoughts, so be on your guard. They are a very dangerous enemy.”
Iron-Hoof raised his club and shook it at the stranger. “They’re not more dangerous than me,” he said.
Chapter Three
That afternoon, Wren sat in the center of the clearing where Garrett had stood a few days ago. He sat cross-legged with his eyes closed, ignoring the damp grass and the chill in the air. Rain threatened overhead, but Wren tuned it out.
Nolan was in Garrett’s cottage, sifting for clues to Garrett’s whereabouts and well-being. Wren had a terrible feeling about this; he thought that nothing good could come of tracking down and confronting the renegade ranger. Nolan disagreed. In his opinion, they would find Garrett and learn that either Garrett was confused and could be brought back to reason by the support of two fellow rangers, or he had turned to the Dark and needed to be put down. Nolan hoped for the former, but even if the latter came to pass they would be doing a service to the Circle. Wren feared the power of blood-wizards, and he feared for the safety of the lands they were leaving behind on their fool’s quest. Wren had only agreed to accompany him in the faint hope that he might get a clear shot at the Beast. Kaylie had been loved by more than just Garrett.
Despite the coming rain, the clearing smelled dry and burnt to Wren’s othersense. His physical nose told of wetness, rain and renewal, but his sixth sense told of drought and death. The blood-wizard had been here, and there was no sign of a struggle. He had been here, in the middle of Garrett’s lands, and Garrett had allowed it. Wren shivered and felt a little sick.
He sent out tendrils of thought along the web of magical lines that ran beneath the earth. It was a little tricky, because Wren had not touched the lines in many years, but any apprentice wizard could do what Wren did with a little practice. Without opening his eyes, Wren drew his crossbow and laid it in his lap. Sometimes using the lines attracted unpleasantness, especially when one used the lines to trace the presence of a creature of the Dark.
At first Wren found nothing but fuzzy blankness. The blood-wizard had expended a great deal of energy covering his departure so that he could not be traced back to his hiding place. Garrett had returned to his cottage. But where was he now?
Wren cast his mind upward, into the collective consciousness of the birds and trees. Here he had a little more luck. Garrett and the wizard had gone their separate ways and then they had met again at the same location under cover of an invisibility spell. The wizard had blocked their presence from leaving an impression on the ley-lines, but he apparently did not know that most forest creatures did not operate by sight or smell alone. Birds were so sensitive to the world around them that they could sense a human presence just by the pressure of the air that the human displaced.
Garrett knew this, of course, but he apparently had not told the wizard. That was a good sign, that Garrett was not giving away all the secrets of ranger powers. Maybe there was hope.

Nolan rummaged through Garrett’s small cottage, keeping hopelessness at bay by busying his hands. The place smelled of old food and human sweat and dirt. Clearly the place had not been cleaned properly since Kaylie’s death. Kaylie’s mother would have offered to do it for him, Nolan knew, but Garrett must have turned her down. Nolan didn’t want to think too much about why he had done that.
There was a map of the Many Kingdoms pasted to the wall over Garrett’s writing desk. Nolan went over to the desk, thinking that the clues he looked for were likely in there. His eyes went back to the map, though, and his thoughts wandered.
Hermitage was in the northern “peninsula” of Gris, a finger of civilization surrounded on three sides by unexplored forest. Unexplored, that was, by most people. Nolan and the other rangers had spent more time in those woods than in Hermitage, and the trees were populated by all sorts of interesting creatures.
North of the “peninsula” was the deep green of the Coldfire Forest and then the Coldfire Mountains beyond that. That area was inhabited by even more interesting animals: manticores, centaurs, and several different varieties of wolf. The Coldfire Forest was huge, spanning the northern borders of at least four of the Twenty Kingdoms. Gris was the westernmost of the four; west of Gris lay unclaimed territory that Nolan had heard contained huge expanses of sand and dust, populated by lizards and giant insects. Nolan had once asked Wren if he wanted to explore that sandy place, but once Wren heard of the giant insects—most of them venomous and deadly—he had demurred.
South of Hermitage was the main body of Gris, much of it wide open space, but Nolan understood that there were a number of larger villages clustered around the capital city, Regnance. Wren had visited there when they first came to Gris, and he had come back to Hermitage saying that it wasn’t much. The women wore paint on their faces, and the air smelled funny, Wren said. This confirmed Nolan’s belief that any place where huge numbers of people gathered and drove out the animals was no place he wanted to be.
Nolan and Wren hailed from Daylin, a smaller country to the east of Gris. Their village was called Deep Lake, a tiny fishing community perched on the edge of a lake by the same name. Wren had grumbled about Deep Lake when they were boys, saying, “Couldn’t they had given it a more exciting name? Abyss Lake, or Maw of Death Lake, or something?” Nolan had told him he read too many fairy tales.
Nolan tried to remember now if the rangers’ training camp had been in Daylin or Gris. Somewhere on the border, he supposed, in neutral territory. Most of their fellow trainees had scattered for parts of the other Kingdoms, but Master Dover had recommended the far distant Hermitage of Gris for all three of them.
Three rangers in one village. Nolan had thought it odd at the time. And now, in light of what they had learned of Garrett, Nolan wondered what had moved Dover to make his odd recommendation. What had Dover seen in Garrett? Had he observed something in that young trainee that made him think that he could not handle the ranger’s life by himself?
When Nolan first met him, Garrett gave no indication of instability beyond the usual tics and twitches of a boy verging on manhood. He was peculiar, a bit too eager to please, and he had worshipped Master Dover. Anyone who grumbled about Dover’s hard training exercises or boring assignments in Garrett’s earshot risked a blow to the ears. Nolan understood that Garrett had grown up fatherless, which would explain his attitude toward Dover. But he had separated from the man easily when they left the training encampment, and he had taken to life in Hermitage like a fish to water. It was only since Kaylie’s death that Nolan had started to worry.
But was that true? Nolan hesitated, running his fingers over the smooth, varnished surface of Garrett’s desk. He remembered things now that he hadn’t wanted to think too much about before. Once, Garrett had fought bitterly with Kaylie, fought with her and stormed off into the woods to sulk for three days. When Nolan followed him and asked him what happened, Garrett had muttered a bunch of nonsense about Kaylie meeting another man. A little investigation on Wren’s part revealed that Kaylie had made friends with an acquaintance of her brothers’. They had all met as a group at the Raven’s Eye. The friend had asked Kaylie back to his room, and Kaylie had politely said no. That was all, and they had all enjoyed a friendly evening. But Garrett had reacted badly when Rose later joked to him that he’d better watch out, that Kaylie had an admirer.
Nolan shook his head at himself for not worrying about Garrett sooner. He should have seen something like this coming.
He continued sifting through Garrett’s writing desk, opening and closing drawers at random. It was a clever design, filled with special little doors and compartments for sorting and hiding different papers and oddments. Nolan opened a bottom drawer and pulled fistfuls of paper out. He knew that the clues he sought could be anywhere in Garrett’s cottage, but something about this desk spoke to him. He knew it was here, whatever it was.
His hand closed on a small book no longer than Nolan’s hand. He opened it clumsily, flipping through the empty pages. The paper was very thin, almost thin enough to see through, and the book was bound in leather. It must have cost a fortune. Perhaps it had been a gift from Kaylie.
Near the back was a list of names. Wizard use-names, Nolan thought; they were all descriptive. Storm-Wind, Flame, Dark Fire. And others. One of them was underlined.
* * * * *
By the time Nolan came jogging up to him, out of breath and agitated, Wren knew what direction Garrett had taken. “I know where he’s gone,” he said.
“Good, because there’s not a moment to waste,” Nolan panted. “I found a compartment in Garrett’s desk, and it had the information I was looking for.”
“The identity of the blood-wizard?” Wren asked, climbing to his feet. He slung his crossbow over his shoulder and brushed off his damp trousers.
“The identity of several blood-wizards,” Nolan said grimly. “Garrett has been planning this for some time, by the look of things. This was no spur-of-the-moment decision.”
“Should we go home and pack for the journey? We have a ways to go if we’re to catch up with them.”
“No. Time is very short, and we are needed immediately. We can hunt along the way, and sleep under the stars.”
“Then explain while we walk,” Wren said. He gestured toward the north-and-west, and Nolan followed his lead. He did not question Nolan’s hunches any more than Nolan questioned his sense of direction.
“There was a notebook, filled with notes on about half a dozen known blood-wizards: their use-names, their approximate locations, their power levels. The name Scythe was underlined.”
Wren started. “The one Senter called the blood-butcher?”
“The same.”
Overhead, a young hawk circled in search of prey. Its mind was clean and clear of all worries but hunger. Wren looked up at the hunter, wishing he were riding the winds alongside him. Down here there seemed to be nothing but confusion, which to Wren was worse than pain. The drizzle that had threatened all day began to fall.
“Scythe is one of the oldest blood-wizards known to us,” Wren said at last. The cool rain felt good on his head. “He has committed as many atrocities as the Beast, if not more. If Garrett has not turned to the Dark, then he must be mad.”
Nolan shook his head. His blonde hair was darkening as the rain fell lightly on him. “We need to find him, Wren. We need to catch up with him and show him the error of his ways. I still believe that there is time to reach him.”
They had no more time to discuss the matter, for at that moment they both heard and sensed the approach of something large. It was a heavy, thundering pace, like the hooves of a giant horse, and it shook both rangers to the nerves. Nolan thought that it felt like approaching thunder, but the sound and sensation was coming up from the ground rather than down from the sky. And the rain was not heavy enough yet to attract the attention of Thor, the Thunder-God.
Nolan drew his sword, and Wren loaded his crossbow. “Take to the trees and look for a finishing shot,” Nolan said.
Wren nodded and withdrew. He slipped away into the wet foliage so quickly and silently that he might be one of the pad-footed forest creatures he protected. Nolan turned to face the danger that was still on its way. If Nolan came to harm, Wren could be at his side in a flash, but the element of surprise always worked the best.
The creature stomped into view. It was a wild centaur, a monster with the head and torso of a brutish man, and the equine body and hooves of a warhorse. It carried a wooden club on one burly shoulder, and Nolan saw violence in its deep-set black eyes. Its black hair was long and lank and hung halfway down its back, much like the mane of a horse. There were burrs in its shaggy brown coat.
“The enemy!” The centaur roared and charged. It held the huge club high overhead as if it were a mere twig. Nolan would have admired the creature’s size and strength if it were not trying to kill him.
Nolan ducked away easily. “I am not your enemy,” he said, more for form’s sake than out of any real hope that he could end this without bloodshed. The centaur was either ensorcelled or had a deep, abiding hatred of humans. Nolan already knew that there would be no reasoning with it.
“Lies!” the creature bellowed. For such a heavy beast it was surprisingly agile, and it spun about readily and brought the club down at Nolan’s head. “You are the enemy!”
Nolan ducked out of the way of the descending weapon and brought his sword up. He cut a bloody line in the creature’s forearm, expecting the centaur to drop its club. Unarmed, the beast might be more reasonable.
It didn’t work. The centaur roared with rage and tightened its grip on the weapon. With its free hand it swung a meaty fist at Nolan’s face, and struck with the club at the same time.
Nolan dodged again and danced back a few paces. He tried to touch the centaur’s mind the way he could the birds and beasts of the forest, but to no avail. The horse-man’s mind was blocked to him. Centaurs were of near-human intelligence, and their minds could reason independent of the Circle. Their minds could also be twisted and deceived, forced to do the bidding of another. This was definitely the work of a wizard.
“I won’t hurt you if you leave me alone,” Nolan said, waving his sword back and forth. “I have no quarrel with you or your kind.”
“Lies,” the centaur grunted. It reared and pawed at the grassy earth, then charged again, swinging his club wildly. Nolan noted distractedly that the rain was beginning to fall harder. Droplets of rain stung his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Nolan said. He ducked under the swinging club and slashed the centaur through its left hind leg, hamstringing it. Blood gushed from its wounded leg. The centaur roared as it went down. Nolan thought that now the fight was over for sure, for the centaur was now effectively crippled. He was wrong. The centaur thrashed about madly, hooves scrambling for purchase against the slippery grass. He put both hands to the ground and heaved himself upward, pushing his equine bulk to his feet. As the centaur turned again for a hobbling charge, a black bolt suddenly appeared in its chest. Dark heart-blood spurted from the wound, and the centaur stumbled to his knees. Another bolt appeared in its lower human torso, and the centaur screamed like a child.
Nolan ran over to the centaur, keeping his sword ready in case he still had some fight left. But the creature was done for. He tumbled the rest of the way to the ground, laying his head on the wet grass. Nolan could sense its life energies dissolving and re-absorbing into the earth’s ambient life-force. The centaur was entering the darkest curve of the Circle. “I think—I think I was lied to,” the centaur murmured as its eyes slipped closed.
Nolan sat down on the wet ground, soaking his trousers through to his behind and caring not a whit. He took the centaur’s meaty hand in both of his and prayed that the centaur’s soul found the Other Havens, and that it had more fortune and peace in the next life.
Wren dropped out of the tree and came over to sit next to Nolan. They sat in silence together for several minutes, as the rain dripped into their hair and eyes. “You know there was nothing we could do,” Wren said at last. “Only a powerful wizard could have broken the spell on this creature.”
“I know,” Nolan said heavily. “It just seems like another omen, that’s all.”
Wren sighed. “This mission of ours seems cursed.”
“No,” Nolan said, standing up. “It means that we are honor-bound to see this thing through and find Garrett—and deal with him one way or another.”
They walked in silence for several candlemarks. The gentle aura of the trees around them soothed their spirits, and Nolan felt a trace of optimism returning. The rain lightened up as well, as if in response to his mood.
“The centaur was not sent to kill us,” he said to Wren.
“No,” the other agreed. “There was no way such a creature could kill two rangers, and the wizard knew it. It was a delay tactic.”
“Scythe seeks to keep us at bay until his control over Garrett is complete,” Nolan said.
“Which means that his control is not yet complete,” Wren agreed, seeing Nolan’s point.
“Which means that there is still hope,” Nolan said.
To which Wren said nothing.
They walked in silence for the rest of the afternoon and into the evening. The rain and clouds departed long enough for them to see the sun beginning to set. Nolan knew that they were getting close; he could feel the presence of the blood-wizard like heat from a gangrenous wound. He knew Wren felt the same; the other man kept rubbing his temples as if he had a terrible headache.
Finally Wren broke the uncomfortable silence. “When we catch up to Garrett,” he said, “we must say nothing to condemn his decision to approach Scythe.”
“Doing so would only anger him and drive him further away from us,” Nolan agreed.
“So what do we say? How do we explain leaving our lands and coming all this way to find him? We dare not say that we fear for his soul, after all.”
“We came to help him!” Nolan said in a burst of inspiration. “We came to help him track the Beast. We will say nothing of Scythe one way or the other. We can even pretend that we don’t know what Scythe is, although I’m sure that Garrett won’t be fooled.”
“No, nor will Scythe,” Wren said. “All the same, it’s a good plan. Our main focus must be to get Garrett to trust us and listen to us. That is the only way to help him avoid the wizard’s enchantments.
“It had better be a good plan,” he added. “We have no time to make another. Garrett and Scythe are resting over the next rise.”
When Scythe heard the interlopers approaching, he wanted to blast them both on the spot. He held himself in check, however, because he knew that rangers were innately resistive to magical attacks. Also, it would drive Garrett from his side, and he was too close to success now to lose him. Scythe gritted his teeth and vowed to do nothing, for now. The rangers would be easier to kill later anyway, after they had let their guard down.
Garrett sensed their approach at the same time as Scythe. His head had been aching something fierce, making it hard to concentrate, but his othersense still worked as well as ever. His initial impulse was to grab Scythe and flee, get as far ahead of them as possible so he would not have to face them. His next impulse was to run to them and hug them and beg for their forgiveness. When Nolan and Wren crested the small hill, looking as nonchalant as a couple of young princes crossing a dance floor, Garrett simply stood there, feeling foolish and indecisive. “Nolan, Wren,” he said at last. “What are you doing here?”
“We came for you,” Nolan said. “We found out that you had left to find the Beast, and we wanted to help. That is why you left, right?” For the briefest instant, his eyes flicked to Scythe and back again.
Garrett completely missed the look. At Nolan’s words, his relief and pleasure at seeing his friends again overtook and destroyed all doubt. “Yes, I did,” Garrett said. “But I never thought—I never imagined that you would want to help me. This sort of thing is outside a ranger’s regular duties. By the gods it’s good to see you again.” He clasped hands with each of his friends and almost smiled for the first time since Kaylie’s death.
Scythe gritted his teeth. If only he’d managed to move Garrett along faster, they would have been too far north for the interlopers to catch up in time. But Garrett had kept second-guessing himself: setting off, turning back, stopping to think it over, then setting off again. Scythe could of course have forced him on by magic, but it would have defeated Scythe’s purpose. Any fool could kill or control a man, but it took real skill to pervert the soul of a Guardian. Scythe intended to prove to the world that he had that skill.
The three rangers stood together, not speaking. Nolan and Wren were both relieved to find that Garrett’s mind was still his own, at least for the most part, and Garrett felt better than he had in weeks. He had been a fool to shun his friends so completely after Kaylie’s death, to close himself off from all human comfort. He hadn’t realized how much he missed them until they reappeared.
Wren studied Scythe out of the corner of his eye, careful to keep his thoughts shielded. Nolan also studied the blood-wizard, from curiosity as well as from hate and fear.
Scythe had the face and form of a young man, seemingly no more than twenty years old. His hair was light red in color, the same shade as a fox’s pelt. His eyes were pale grey, and there was a sprinkling of freckles across his nose. At a casual glance, the blood-wizard was a mere innocent boy.
But that perception changed upon closer inspection. His eyes and mouth were surrounded by age-lines almost too faint to see, lines that seemed to draw his face downward. His robes seemed out of place out here in the wilderness, but he wore them like a second skin. He held himself aloof—not with arrogance, but with indifference. He did not see himself as above other humans; Wren sensed that he did not really see other humans at all. When he spoke, it was with the friendly condescension of a man speaking to a puppy.
“So glad to finally meet you,” he said to the two rangers. “I rather expected you sooner. Were you held up by anything?”
As if he hadn’t expended the greater part of his power concealing their departure, Wren thought. He glanced at Garrett, hoping to see disbelief or scorn on his face, but Garrett seemed to take Scythe’s words at face value. A very, very bad sign.
Wren said, “It took a good bit just to find this renegade. Garrett, you really know how to lead a merry chase. It’s good to finally corner you at last, because now we can all work together.”
Wren was grinning as he said this, but there was a steely glint in his dark eye. Nolan crossed his arms and said nothing. If Wren was playing the chatty fool, then Nolan was the strong-but-silent muscle. This was a far easier role, for Nolan could not trust himself right now to speak civilly to the wizard.
“Well all right then,” Scythe said. “We’re all together now. With three rangers and a wizard against the Beast, we cannot lose.”
“We’ll take care of him,” Wren said. He took Garrett by the shoulder and squeezed. “We will have vengeance for Kaylie, my friend,” he said quietly. “You weren’t the only one who loved her.”
Garrett met Wren’s eyes, and the two men communed silently in their mutual grief. Wren reached out with his mind for a moment and touch Garrett with his kah, letting his comfort and concern be known to him. Then Wren withdrew quickly; he sensed traces of Scythe in Garrett’s mind, and he did not know if mental contact with Garrett would give the wizard access to himself.
“Shall I hunt?” Wren said at last, drawing his crossbow. Nolan’s eyes flicked from the crossbow to Scythe, but he still said nothing.
“I’ll go with you,” Scythe said. “I can use my magic to snare some tasty prey.”
“Rangers don’t hunt that way,” Wren said. He tried to speak respectfully, for Garrett’s sake, when what he wanted to do was to plant a bolt in the wizard’s stomach. “We use our wits. Will you join me, Garrett?”
Nolan sat down on a nearby boulder. “We’ll wait here, and we’ll get a fire started,” he said. “Good hunting.”
Wren nodded and headed off into the trees with Garrett in tow. Scythe watched them go with an unreadable expression.
“I know what you’re up to,” Nolan said softly.
“Do you?” The wizard sniffed. “I suppose you think that with the Light on your side, you and your wonderful, perfect ranger friend will wrest Garrett’s soul from the edge of the Abyss and win the day. Isn’t that how the tales usually end?”
“I’m not so naïve,” Nolan said. “But we are determined to keep Garrett out of your clutches, one way or another.”
Scythe looked Nolan in the eye. Nolan was chilled; the wizard had the face and form of a young man, and the eyes of an ancient dragon. “Fine,” he said. “Whatever causes the most pain and suffering is fine with me. But before you celebrate your victory over the powers of darkness”--he made a small gesture in the direction that Wren and Garrett had taken—“please remember the centaur. And remember that I have been destroying would-be heroes with delusions of grandeur since the time your great-grandfather’s balls dropped.”
* * * * *
Fern climbed the steps to Lily’s little room, her arms loaded with clean laundry. Fern, Rose, and Violet all had apartments of their own in town, but Lily had to keep close to Mum. Fern helped Mum out after her shift in the inn every night, making sure that Lily had clean linens and didn’t need anything extra, such as pads for her woman-blood. Lily could cook, clean, and do the washing, but she needed to be told to do so. If left to her own devices, Lily would sit in her room, sing to herself, and play with her waist-length hair. Lily loved to play with her hair, winding it around her fingers and sometimes putting the ends in her mouth. Once, in her early childhood, Mum had made the mistake of cutting Lily’s hair so short that she could not play with it and pull it full of tangles. The child’s ensuing screams had brought the neighbors, and Mum had eventually had to pay a ridiculous amount of silver for a wig of human hair to soothe her. As far as Fern knew, it had not been cut since, except for the very occasional trim.
Fern knocked on the door—more out of habit than any concern for her sister’s modesty—and pushed it open. The room was small, with a single cot and a small window to look out of. There was a closet for Lily’s clothes, and a large woven basket filled with rocks, children’s toys, and several other bright objects that had captured Lily’s attention. Every month or so Fern would go into the trunk and sort out the oldest objects, the ones that Lily would not miss. This took a delicate touch, because Lily got attached to unusual things. She would, for example, ignore the brightly painted child’s doll shortly after acquiring it, but the black, fist-sized rock would stay in her collection permanently. Sometimes she even slept with it.
Lily was sitting on her little bed, rocking slightly and staring out the window. Her eyes were filled with tears.
“Lily what is it?” Fern asked. She dropped her load of laundry on the floor and sat on the bed next to her sister. “Are you hurt?” This was unusual behavior. Lily herself was a perpetually happy child.
Lily shook her head; no, she wasn’t hurt. The tears overflowed and spilled down her cheeks. Fern was struck—not for the first time, nor the last—how truly helpless Lily was, and what a burden she was to Mum. Lily had almost no self-will, and all the needs of a very small child –a child that would never grow up, as adult as her body seemed to be. Fern’s hands clenched into fists when she remembered the drunk bastard who had tried to take advantage of her. Rose, who they had in childhood nicknamed Little Hawk, had spotted the lecher the moment they approached the stair to Lily’s room, and she had put an end to one man’s ugly ambitions. Fern hoped the scald-burns had left permanent scars.
Lily was a burden that Mum would bear for the rest of her life, and when Mum joined the dark part of the Circle, Lily would be passed to someone else, to be their burden. Probably me, Fern thought.
Finally, Lily spoke. “The bad dream is walking and talking,” she said.
“What bad dream?” Fern asked. Was Lily having nightmares? What a horror that would be: to suffer such a dream and never know that it wasn’t real.
“The bad dream stole Kaylie’s man-friend, and two other men are chasing it. They want to kill the bad dream, but how do you kill a dream? You can’t kill a dream, you just keep dreaming and dreaming!” Lily burst into harsh, childlike sobs. A normal woman learned to weep prettily, but Lily knew nothing of such arts.
Fern knew of Kaylie, of course. All the women in Hermitage thought of Kaylie every time their chores took them out-of-doors after sunset. Fern had thought Lily oblivious to the tragedy, but apparently she understood enough to have frightening dreams about her. There was nothing Fern could do for Lily now but put her arms around her and hold her, and whisper that bad dreams weren’t real, that Lily would be all right. The words were likely meaningless to Lily, but the tone might soothe her.
“I want to help them,” Lily said. “Can I help them?” Her blue eyes were red from crying, and her face was blotchy and pale.
“I don’t know.” Fern had no idea what her sister was talking about. “You can help if you want to, I guess. Helping people is good, right?”
“Good. Helping is good.” Lily smiled through the wetness on her cheeks. “Helping good people makes good dreams. I’m going to watch now, and I’m going to help the good dreams come. Good night.”
With that, Lily shrugged off Fern’s arms and lay down on the cot. Within moments she was asleep and breathing deeply.
Fern watched her for a moment, wondering what in the name of the Other Havens had just happened. Then she shrugged and picked up the laundry she’d dropped. Apparently Lily had decided to go back to sleep and fight the bad dream with good dreams. That was sophisticated thinking for Lily.
Chapter Four
“I’m sorry,” Garrett said.
They were among the trees again, and Wren breathed in the heady scent of pine and rain. The air was humid and fragrant, as it often was after a summer rain, and the brilliant sunset between the trees was beautiful. The sight always lifted Wren’s spirits, even at times like this.
“Don’t treat yourself too harshly,” Wren said at last. “Losing a loved one the way you did, that would make anyone…make choices they normally wouldn’t.”
“I know you’re disappointed in me, and I know you think I made a mistake, but Scythe is a useful ally. He knows blood-wizards, knows their ways. He can help us capture the Beast’s true-name. With his true-name we can destroy him.”
“If he can capture the Beast’s true-name, why has he not yet done so?” Wren asked.
Garrett sounded like a small child reciting a lesson as he said, “Scythe needs to get close enough to the Beast that he can feel his kah. He may need something that the Beast has touched.”
That made no sense to Wren, but he let it go. He thought that finding a true-name was more a scrying matter than a matter of the kah. At any rate, if this was one of the parts of Garrett’s mind that Scythe had tampered with—and Wren thought that it was—arguing the point with Garrett might alert Scythe to his probing. It was best to pretend that he noticed nothing wrong, at least until they knew more about what Scythe had done to him.
“Do you remember that old ranger that trained us?” Wren said after a moment, trying another tack.
Garrett nodded but did not reply. He scanned the trees overhead, pretending to look for game, though he knew as well as Wren that their prey would be on the ground or cowering in a low bush.
“What was his name? Plover? Stover? Garrett, do you remember?”
Still no answer, though there had been a time when Garrett would talk of nothing else. He had come to the training academy (such a pretentious name, Wren always thought, for a place that was really just a bunch of young men in a big house in the woods) fatherless and penniless, the only child of a half-mad woman who had made her money any way she could. Garrett had latched onto Dover with intensity, seeing him as a true father at last. In Garrett’s eyes, Dover could do no wrong, and all his instruction was brilliant, inspired by the gods.
And Dover had become very fond of Garrett in turn. When they had completed their training and started scouting for territories of their own to patrol, Dover had taken Wren aside and quietly suggested that he and Nolan join Garrett in the Hermitage sector. The village was isolated enough that all three of them could find plenty of work in the surrounding lands. Garrett patrolled north and east, in the thickest part of the Coldfire Forest, Nolan traveled the sparser lands to the east and south, and Wren patrolled the south and west. The three of them crossed paths many times of course, and sometimes they traveled together if there was an important traveler to escort or a threat to destroy.
They had worked together very well when that poacher had threatened the small herd of red-tailed deer that lived in Nolan’s territory. Taking one or two for food would have been no crime, but the man seemed bent on killing every deer in the herd and harvesting only their huge, tufted tails. Garrett had finally trapped him with a decoy—a mock deer that resembled a slow, pregnant female. The poacher had been sent on his way with one or two more scars and one or two fewer fingers than he’d had before the hunt. The scars had been an inevitable result of a sword-fight with Nolan; the missing fingers had been Garrett’s idea. “To remind him,” he had said.
Wren wondered for the first time if Dover had made his suggestion to Wren out of kindness, or because he had sensed some instability in the young ranger, some flaw in his character that he knew might bring him to this end.
“Uh-oh,” Garrett said. He reached for his sword. Wren smelled magic in the air, something dark and nasty. It smelled just like the centaur had. Wren’s grip on his crossbow tightened, and seconds later his apprehension took solid form. A manticore lurched into view.
It was small for its species, probably immature. Most manticores were at least a head taller than a man, and this one was slightly shorter than Wren. Its body was that of a thickly muscled lion, it had the head and face of a man, and vestigial bat wings sprouted from its shoulders. In time those wings would become large enough to fly, but now they were thin and useless, furled tightly against its sides. A thick golden mane surrounded the man’s face, and the rest of its pelt was tawny brown. Its rough, feral face was empty of thought or feeling, but its sharp teeth were bared and ready to fight. Talons thick as knives appeared and disappeared as the manticore flexed and then sheathed its claws. Most dangerous of all was its tail, which was that of a monstrous scorpion. Wren shivered as he studied the shiny black weapon that arched over the manticore’s body. A clear drop of deadly poison hung poised from its stinger.
“Where did that come from?” Garrett wondered aloud.
Wren had no answer. Manticores were scavengers of the mountains, living off the leavings of the dragons that dwelt in the caverns below. They were almost never seen by humans—at least until it was too late—and they were never seen in the lowlands. It was hilly in this area, and it would grow more so as they drew closer to the Coldfires, but this was still too low and too far south for a manticore to feel comfortable. This manticore was clearly not well; it walked stiffly and slowly, as if in pain, and its face was frozen in a soundless snarl.
“It’s not acting right,” Garrett said. “Is it sick?”
Wren touched its mind briefly and withdrew with a shudder. “Ensorcelled,” he said. “Shielded, too. Something sent this creature after us that did not want to be traced.”
“The Beast,” Garrett said. “He knows that we’re after him.”
Wren was less sure of that, but there was no time to argue. The manticore roared and charged, its feline claws extended and its wings spreading, the wicked sharp scorpion stinger bent low over its head, ready to stab and kill.
Wren charged forward and dodged to one side at the last second, rolling over the ground and barely missing the beast’s claws. The manticore could not stop in midair; it completed its pounce and spun about in search of its prey. Wren aimed his crossbow at the creature’s chest and fired, thinking that he was glad Nolan was not here. Nolan had taken the centaur’s death hard; he did not need to go through that again.
The crossbow shaft embedded itself in the manticore’s chest. Blood flowed freely, and the manticore roared with pain, but Wren had not hit the heart. The manticore was thick all over with muscle; it would take a sword to penetrate the beast’s natural armor. Wren felt a prickle of fear as he regarded that huge stinger once again. It flexed and coiled smoothly like an armored snake. One stab could impale a grown man through the torso, and the man would die screaming and swelling.
Wren hated bugs. He knew that it was un-ranger-like to feel that way—every living thing had been created for a reason and with a purpose—but he hated them just the same. Creeping, crawling, oozing, stinging—Wren felt a shiver twist up his spine. When he was out in the field, he never laid down to sleep without casting a small spell that would keep any and all insects at least three feet away from his body. Looking at that horrible smooth stinger made him think of creepy little scorpions with their little pincers and scuttling legs. It flexed over the manticore’s head as though it had a mind of its own. Perhaps it did.
“Garrett, draw your sword!” Wren called. “The crossbow won’t kill it; we need your steel.” Wren had a sword at home, a good one, but they had left in a hurry, stopping to get no supplies or additional weapons. It seemed foolish to Wren in retrospect, but Nolan’s instinct had told them that they needed to get to Garrett fast. Wren was used to accepting Nolan’s instincts as fact, since he was so seldom wrong.
“I’ve been trying,” Garrett said. “I can’t pull it out.”
The manticore stalked him slowly, tense and alert as a cat. It still had not spoken, though Wren had heard that they had the intelligence and speech of a human. Wren saw a faint tremble in its hindquarters; either it was fighting the compulsion that had driven it here to attack them, or it was preparing to strike again. This time, Wren thought, he would not be able to dodge so easily.
“You can’t pull it out?” Wren repeated, trying to make sense of Garrett’s words. That horrible tail never left Wren’s sight or his frightened imagination.
“It’s jammed somehow. I can’t draw it, and I can’t let go either.”
Garrett was ensorcelled, just like the manticore. A similar spell to the one that had forced the manticore here had frozen Garrett’s muscles, and he could not fight alongside Wren. Perhaps it was the Beast’s doing after all. Scythe surely did not want Garrett to die yet. Unless he was counting on Wren dying to protect him…
And how had the wizard found the power to enchant a ranger? They were normally resistant to magic of any sort. One could not cast even a beneficial spell on a Ranger of the Light without his express consent.
Wren shook the thoughts away. There was no time in the present moment for speculation. The manticore was shifting from one paw to the other and was preparing to pounce. It bared its teeth, and Wren saw long, sharp canines made for rending raw flesh.
Its hindquarters tensed, and Wren started backing away slowly, thinking that he might be able to dodge again once its body was in full motion. That stinger—dear gods, Wren did not want to die impaled on that poisonous spear.
Just as the manticore was about to strike, Garrett’s body slammed into it from the right side. The manticore roared as it fell over, and its wicked claws slashed at Garrett. Garrett was helpless, lying half-on and half-off the manticore, his right hand still stuck to his sword, and the other hand clawing at the manticore’s hide. Wren quickly loaded another crossbow bolt and fired into the manticore’s roaring mouth.
The bolt struck true, and blood gushed from the beast’s mouth. Wren grabbed Garrett and pulled him free from the manticore’s claws. Garrett’s skin was bloody and his clothes were torn, but he seemed otherwise unharmed. Wren loaded and fired another bolt, this time into its neck. The manticore staggered to its feet and pawed at the shaft, but it only succeeded in driving it further into its tender throat. Blood flowed heavily from three wounds, and the manticore was weakening. Wren and Garrett backed away from it, but it took no further notice of them. It collapsed onto one side, breathing hoarsely and still pawing weakly at the shafts in its mouth and neck. Wren took Garrett’s sword firmly and pulled it from its sheath with no trouble. Garrett was then able to let go of it, and he nodded slowly when he saw what Wren intended to do.
The manticore stopped struggling when it saw Wren approach. Wren touched its dying mind briefly, and the manticore nodded as well as it could. Wren placed the point of the sword against the creature’s heart, and with a small prayer to the gods, he drove the point home.
There was a moment of silence as both men silently prayed for the passage of the manticore’s soul. “We should go back and make sure Nolan and Scythe are all right,” Garrett said after a time.
Wren disagreed. “We still need to eat. And Scythe is a wizard; he is more than a match for any ensorcelled animal.” Besides, he added mentally, I can’t imagine why he would attack himself.

Nolan and Scythe were both surprised at the two rangers’ appearance. Both were bloody and disheveled, and Garrett’s clothes were rent in several places. Nolan was surprised to see them so injured, and Scythe was surprised to see them both come back alive. Wren had a duck in one hand and two quail in the other. “Fierce quail up here,” Wren managed to joke.
“What was it?” Nolan asked, not amused.
“A manticore of all things,” Wren said. “Garrett thinks that the Beast knows that we are hunting him, and he’s sending ensorcelled creatures after us.”
Nolan glanced at Scythe. “Is that what you think as well?” he asked.
Scythe shrugged. “It’s quite likely,” he said. “Only a wizard as powerful as the Beast could enchant a beast like a manticore and send it so far out of its territory. The Beast must be in fear for its life.”
Nolan had built a small fire in a circle of rocks, and he set about plucking and butchering the birds while Wren tended to Garrett’s wounds. As Nolan worked, he silently thanked the birds for their sacrifice, at the same time wishing that it were a certain blood-wizard he was gutting.
“Can’t you use your magic to heal Garrett here?” Wren asked Scythe as he cleaned the deep scratches with water from his flask.
“I have almost no knowledge of healing magic,” Scythe said. “My powers are more—aggressive in focus.”
“Now would be a good time to tell us where we’re going and what we’re doing,” Nolan said. “These birds are almost done.” The smell of roasting flesh filled the cool evening air.
Garrett’s scratches were now clean, and he pulled a fresh shirt out of his pack and put it on. He winced with pain as he said, “We’re going north and west, to a rocky land near the Coldfire Mountain range. The Beast makes his permanent home in a cave in those rocks. Scythe can use a blood-scrying spell to learn his true-name, and we will use the name to destroy him.”
“Blood-wizards who have been alive as long as the Beast have insulated themselves with the lives and kahs of their victims,” Scythe explained. “This is what makes them difficult to kill. With his true-name, we can strike the Beast at his very heart, and his protections will be useless.”
“Interesting,” Nolan said. The birds were done roasting, and he pulled them from the fire. He pulled a large hunting knife from his belt and divided the birds into four equal portions. As he handed Scythe his portion—thinking that the wizard did not deserve what the birds had given up—he asked, “What kind of challenges can we expect as we approach the Beast’s cave? He is surely not going to let us stroll into his home and kill him.”
“Most of the challenge is in reaching the cave,” Scythe said. “It is very rocky terrain, crawling with manticores and other brutes. The Beast uses the natural threats around him against his enemies; it’s very economical.”
“So it was the Beast who sent the manticore after us,” Garrett said.
“Most likely. We should rest and restore our energies and make an early start tomorrow. Are we all agreed?” Scythe glanced around at the rangers.
Wren and Nolan exchanged a glance, and Wren nodded. They would rest tonight, but they would sleep in shifts. Scythe was being nothing but reasonable and respectful, and that meant he was up to something.
* * * * *
“This is like something out of a tale,” Wren said quietly.
“You are supposed to be sleeping,” Nolan chided. “Your shift is coming up shortly.”
“You were supposed to be sleeping when I was on first watch,” Wren responded.
Nolan shrugged. “Well, it is hard to sleep when one of your oldest friends is in the clutches of that.” He tossed his head at the bundle of blankets that was Scythe.
“I know.” There was a moment of comfortable silence. The fire was down to glowing coals, which Nolan stirred occasionally. Finally, Wren said, “Doesn’t it seem a little odd to you?”
“What do you mean?” The whole situation was odd to Nolan.
“Brave adventurers on a quest for justice, but first we must pass the rocky crags, answer three riddles, and defeat the monsters. It’s too—predictable. It doesn’t seem real.”
Nolan nodded slowly. Then he held up his hands and made a small gesture. “Enough light?” he asked.
Wren nodded and sat up. When they were boys growing up together, Wren and Nolan had created their own language, one using nothing but hand gestures. It had come in handy when they were sneaking out of their houses at night to go adventuring, or when they were sitting together at a dinner table and did not want Wren’s sister to know what they were saying about her. Nolan hoped he remembered enough of the language to say what he wanted to.
We’re walking trap, Wren’s hands said.
We see. Garrett not see, Nolan agreed.
What he want with Garrett?
Not know. Nothing good. Kill bad-wizard? Nolan asked.
No. Spoke truth about names. Cannot kill. Swords will not touch, only magic. Leave Garrett? Run away?
No!
Shouldn’t, Wren agreed. We here. Garrett here. Deal with it.
Bad wizard with the other wizard. Friends. That wasn’t quite right, blood-wizards were never friends, but they did not have a phrase in their silent language for in cahoots.
Trap?
Think so. Nolan paused, thinking. Could get bad wizard’s true-name?
Don’t know. Afraid of bad wizard.
Me too.
No, more afraid. Can get other wizard’s name, could get mine?
There was a long silence and then Nolan finally signed, Lies. He tricks Garrett with lies.
Wren hoped that Nolan was right. His own true-name was a long-kept secret, one that he did not want to get out. Not even Garrett knew that he had not been born with the name Wren.
* * * * *
As Garrett slept, he fell under attack.
Dark fantasies swarmed over him, enfolded him like the arms of a lover. He saw Kaylie’s bloody face, smiling toothlessly at him. Kill him for me, she mouthed. Kill them all for me.
He looked around, but there was nothing to see but darkness. He didn’t seem to be standing on anything; the ground beneath him was invisible and seemed completely pliant. He looked at Kaylie again, and her face began to age before his eyes. Her blonde hair turned white and thinned, her blue eyes became watery and bloodshot, and her bloody mouth withered and sank. Kill him for me, she said again.
I will, Garrett responded. I promise. I’ll kill him in your name.
Kaylie threw back her head and shrieked a crone’s laugh. Garrett became frightened and tried to run away, but he could find no purchase on the invisible ground. He ran with his legs, but Kaylie’s face still hung before him, laughing her horrible, cold laugh. Kaylie in life had been warm, kind, and soft. Had death driven her mad?
Then Garrett saw the Beast. He was tall and ugly, as he had been described to Garrett, with a hooked nose and vaguely greenish skin. His wizard’s robes hung awkwardly on him, as if the Beast was not accustomed to being attired. The Beast reached forward and grabbed Kaylie in one hand. She’s mine! he roared. Even in death, her soul is mine! Kaylie screamed.
Garrett reached for his sword, but it was not there. He felt all over, but he had no sword, no knife, no bow with which to attack the Beast. He looked up at the monstrous wizard and said, I’ll tear you apart with my bare hands if I have to. Kaylie is mine!
The Beast grinned. Behind him stood Nolan and Wren. Wren held Garrett’s sword in one hand. Nolan’s arms were crossed, and he was frowning heavily.
Throw me my sword! Garrett called. Let me finish this!
No, it’s mine, Wren said. You weren’t the only one who loved her.
You made a mistake, Garrett, Nolan said. You should never have left home. I’m going to stop you.
You said you had come to help me! Garrett protested. He sounded like a petulant child.
We lied, Wren said. We’re going to stop you and send you back where you belong. The Beast is mine, and vengeance for Kaylie is mine.
Garrett was filled with horror. His two closest friends were turning against him, and the Beast was right in front of him, so close. His beloved screamed again, this time in despair. Her aged body cracked and broke in the Beast’s monstrous grip. Black blood dripped from his fingers.
Take this!
Garrett turned, and Scythe was there, throwing him something. It was a red sphere of some type. Garrett caught it, and it burned his fingers.
Use it! Scythe cried. Take your revenge!
Garrett looked at the sphere, which glowed and swirled like a scarlet crystal ball. Then he understood. This was what Scythe had promised, the weapon that would defeat the Beast. Garrett hurled it at the Beast with all his strength.
The Beast caught it easily in one hand, still holding Kaylie with the other. Then the hand holding the sphere began to twist and melt. The Beast screamed.
No! Wren and Nolan cried together.
Kaylie broke free of the Beast’s grip and drifted away in the darkness. The Beast continued to dissolve from his arm to his shoulder and then his torso. There was no blood that Garrett could see, just the Beast’s greenish skin melting away into oblivion. Then the Beast was gone.
You committed a crime against the Circle! Nolan shouted.
You stole away my vengeance! Wren roared.
Then they both raised their swords and came forward.
Mercifully, the nightmare ended, and Garrett sank back into deep, dreamless sleep. Likely he would not even remember the dream. That was all the better for Scythe, for a dream forgotten by the waking mind could not be scrutinized or explained away by logic. It would retain its power, though, night after night.
Scythe smiled in the dark. Everything was going along just fine.
Chapter Five
Scythe never dreamed. Some would argue that he did dream but simply didn’t remember them, but Scythe disagreed. No matter how early or how late he went to sleep, no matter how long he slept, even when he woke up in the middle of the night, he never awoke with a dream bright in his mind. Nothing lived in his head but his own thoughts.
This, Scythe felt, was his greatest strength. Dreams were the product of a weak mind that needed crutches and sedatives like hopes, dreams, and the gods. Scythe’s mind was strong and clear, in need of nothing.
Sometimes he tried to remember if he’d had dreams as a child. Surely he had; children were weak by nature. But he remembered none. His childhood had been over a century ago, and most of it was a vague blur. He remembered his mother, the way she’d caress him when she was drunk and smack him when she was hung-over. He remembered the times she’d beaten him for trying to steal extra food from the larder. The best food was denied to him, set aside for Mother’s “gentleman friends.” Sometimes a “friend” would give him a tidbit, as a man gives a dog a bone, but more often he was locked in his room until Mother’s “friend” had done his business and gone. He remembered lying in his tiny room and listening to the moans and thumps coming from Mother’s room. He remembered wanting to kill the man who was doing that to his mother, and wanting to kill her for needing money so badly for drink. He especially remembered finding stray cats and dogs in the alley behind Mother’s favorite tavern and strangling them. Sometimes he broke their necks, but strangling was better. It was slower, and it gave him a greater feeling of power. Back then, of course, he’d had no idea what power was all about.
Later, after he had discovered his true calling and was well on his way down the path of the blood-wizard, he had come across one of Mother’s erstwhile gentleman friends. Scythe still chortled at the memory, because the gentleman friend—a fat slob named Birke— had actually approached Scythe and offered him a contract on his grown son, his only heir. Apparently the boy wasn’t his, or so Birke believed. Scythe never found out either way. He killed the young man quickly and quietly in his bed, following the letter of the contract, then went back to Birke and told him it was done. On Birke, though, there had been no contract. He could kill that one as slowly as he liked. Scythe considered himself an artist in the ways of pain and death. There was a lot one could do to a man’s genitals before cutting them off.
Scythe stretched out on his back and stared at the stars. Someday, he would be like one of those stars: immobile, fixed, a permanent part of what the rangers called the Circle. Others would go round and round and eventually disappear. Scythe would stand at the very center of it all.
Not in his actual body, of course. Even Scythe was not that arrogant. Eventually the kahs he had stolen would fail to nourish him, and his body would die. Already he could feel it happening. When he’d stolen Kaylie away, he’d had to cut off all her fingers before her pain-kah started to flow fast enough to let him drink. Even then he’d still been hungry for more, so he’d raped her a few times, then turned her over to his servant to be raped until she died. Only then had he been sated. And already he could feel himself getting hungry again. No, he was not fool enough to believe that his body would live forever.
But his name—that was immortal. For centuries hence mothers would frighten their disobedient daughters with tales of Scythe the Blood-Butcher. Small children would whisper of him to each other in the dark of night. Every wizard after him who chose the blood-path would think of him and aspire to his heights. Scythe didn’t want mere power. He wanted immortality.
And this would-be Ranger of the Light was the biggest step in that direction. Scythe would subvert Garrett’s mind, twist it and toy with it until he was so confused and maddened that he betrayed and murdered his only friends. Then he would reveal to Garrett the truth of what he had done, and he would drink deeply of the ranger’s agony.
The Beast was coming in damn handy. He’d created the persona years ago, more out of what-if curiosity than with any plan in mind. But his instincts had guided him true. What would Garrett say when he found out that he had recruited Kaylie’s killer to avenge her? Better yet, what would he feel? Scythe fairly drooled at the thought. And he would forever be known as the blood-wizard who had perverted a Ranger of the Light, a good-hearted, gods-following, stomach-heaving Ranger of the Light.
Scythe slowly closed his eyes. Maybe this was why he didn’t dream. Maybe there was no room in his head for any dream but this.
* * * * *
Neither Nolan nor Wren slept at all that night. Nolan could not believe his own words, that Scythe had been bluffing and had no power to capture one’s true-name. Blood-scrying was a well-guarded secret, one that almost no wizards knew. But Scythe had been alive for at least a century; he certainly had had time to search for such a spell, if it existed. Wren did not believe it either. He sensed deep power about the blood-wizard, and he thought that Scythe did have the power to scry one’s true-name.
Wren had performed no magic around Scythe yet, not even to heal Garrett, so Scythe likely did not even know that Wren was a wizard. Nobody knew, except for Nolan. Nolan had been there when Wren started having nightmares that made him throw things in his sleep—throw them without touching them. He had been present at the very small and private ceremony when Wren had been accepted as an apprentice by Master Raven, a wizard-scribe who lived a few houses away from Nolan’s pa. It was at that ceremony that Wren had been given his use-name, and it was the only name by which he was known. As long as Nolan guarded his words, Wren’s secret was safe.
But Wren could not rest easy; his clothing chafed him all over and his head itched. He had not felt this uncomfortable since he had quit Master Raven’s apprenticeship. And it didn’t help that he dared not cast his bugs-be-gone spell; the itching in his head and clothes could well be crawling, biting insects. He jumped and twitched every time he felt a tickle in his hair or his body, and he could not relax enough to sleep.
Nolan couldn’t sleep either; he was too lost in memories. Garrett had seemed like such a good sort when they first met, honest and hard-working and eager to please. Was it some flaw in his character that had led them all to this end, or was it merely his bad luck to meet Scythe when he was so emotionally vulnerable? Nolan mulled the problem over and over in his mind and finally decided that there was no way of knowing, nor did it matter. Nolan tried instead to relax his mind and body by going back in time to their training days, to better times.
The cabin they all stayed in was huge, easily as large as any big-city inn or tavern. But there was no luxury to be found here. The top floor was filled with cots for sleeping, about a dozen in all, though they were almost never used all at once. Ranger trainees were encouraged to sleep out-of-doors, especially in inclement weather. Various side doors on the upstairs floor opened into storage closets, bathing rooms, and Master Dover’s personal quarters. To the best of anyone’s knowledge, he never slept there, but he sometimes entertained female guests and conducted personal business behind that door.
The bottom floor was the training arena when the weather outside was too harsh. Not that they didn’t train in bad weather—Master Dover pointed out to them more than once that greedy poachers and slaverbitten animals were not fair-weather friends—but sometimes the temperatures dropped to dangerous conditions in winter. There were sword dummies for practicing blade work, targets for shooting, and ropes and other paraphernalia for climbing and strength training exercises. The other trainees learned quickly not to take Wren’s wagers on who could climb ropes the fastest. His hands moved so quickly over the rope that they barely seemed to touch it. Nolan chided Wren after hours about deceiving his fellows and taking their pocket money, but Wren shrugged it off.
“If they’re too thick to use their othersenses to see that I’m using magic to climb, it’s their own fault,” he said.
“They’ll beat you senseless when they find out,” Nolan said.
“They’ll have to catch me first,” Wren said. He gave a little push against the floor with his hands and hopped onto the ceiling like a frog. Nolan had to laugh; Wren was irrepressible.
The most memorable event of Nolan’s training experience had nothing to do with rangers, magic, or training. Wren called it the night Nolan became a man. Nolan called it the night he made a complete ass of himself.
There were several young women mixed in with the other trainees, which had startled Nolan at first. He had assumed that female rangers would have their own separate training ground. But, Dover told them all, they were rangers first and foremost. All else—race, sex, eye color—came second. The women kept to themselves at first, venturing to socialize with the young men only when they knew that they would not be taunted or molested. There were a few remarks about climbing trees in a corset, but the jokes were not malicious.
One female trainee stood out in Nolan’s mind, a red-haired woman named Sari. She wasn’t more attractive than the others or more intelligent, but something in her looks and manner made Nolan’s heart skip a beat. It wasn’t until much later that Wren ventured to observe that Sari had reminded him a great deal of his sister Clara.
Nolan would never have acted on his feelings alone. After the way he had humiliated himself over Clara back in Deep Lake, wild dogs could not have tortured him into confessing his infatuation. But Sari had seen the way Nolan watched her and stammered hopelessly whenever she asked him a question. Either out of pity, curiosity, or genuine attraction, she took him into her bed.
“Bed” wasn’t the right word of course, Nolan thought. It had been a pile of leaves in the woods some distance away from the training camp. Sari led him out there under the pretext of looking at a strange species of bat she’d observed—to this day Nolan could not look into the night sky without thinking of her—then she attacked him. She was well aware of his shyness and took it upon herself to take control of the situation.
Before Nolan knew what was happening his trousers were off, and her legs were wrapped around his waist. After that, it all became a warm, sensuous blur. All he could remember of the act itself was the feeling of cold leaves stuck to his arms and legs, and Sari whispering in his ear to slow down baby, take it easy.
He must not have done what she wanted, because Sari never asked him to look at bats again, though he hoped daily that she would. Wren told him that it wasn’t his fault that she had just wanted a one-time fling, but Nolan thought that he had let her down. He had been with only two women since Sari, and both times he had been attentive to a fault. One had even snapped at him, “Heavens sake, Nolan, I can’t enjoy it if you’re obsessing over whether or not I’m enjoying it!”
Nolan remembered the ribbing Wren had given him in the Raven’s Eye over Fern. She was pretty, warm, and kind. She could take her pick of any man in Hermitage. She’d get sick of him before too long, and he’d be alone again. It wasn’t really worth it. That was what Nolan kept telling himself.
* * * * *
As dawn turned the sky from pink to gold, Garrett awoke. He remembered none of the dreams that he’d had, only that he must have slept restlessly, for his arms and legs were sore and stiff. Wren yawned and stretched, pretending that he was just waking up. Nolan was still sitting on the boulder next to Wren, and he made no pretense.
“I have travel rations in my bag,” Garrett offered. He bundled up the slim bedroll and tucked it back in his pack, and then pulled out a small packet.
“We’ll eat while we walk,” Nolan said. “Up, Scythe. We’re going.”
Scythe groaned and opened his eyes. “This is not comfortable,” he said. “I don’t understand how you rangers can sleep on the ground all the time.”
“Beds are too soft, they have no support,” Garrett said. “You’ll get used to it.”
“I don’t intend to.” Scythe climbed painfully out of his bundle of blankets and stretched slowly. He tried to roll the blankets up, but they were not well ordered and they flopped all over the place. Garrett quickly stepped forward to help.
“I hope you appreciate what I am going through for you,” Scythe said. He picked up his robe from the ground and put it back on. Strangely, it had picked up none of the morning dew that saturated the ground. He accepted the neat roll of blankets from Garrett and tucked them under his robe, where they disappeared.
Nolan and Wren exchanged a glance. Wren shook his head. The wizard was in no pain; it was an act for Garrett’s benefit. Garrett should be able to tell that for himself, and the fact that he hadn’t was not a good sign. Garrett treated the wizard like a respectable old grandfather, for all that he looked younger than Garrett himself.
They browsed on berries and edible leaves as they walked. Scythe declined what Garrett offered; saying that he ate only flesh. Nolan wondered at that; did Scythe think that they intended to poison him? But he decided that he didn’t care. If Scythe weakened for lack of food, that was to their benefit.
Scythe did not seem to be weakening, however. He walked ahead of them all, his burgundy robe brushing the tall grass and bushes as he walked. Nothing caught on his robe, not even the tiny prickle-burrs that attached themselves to Nolan’s pant legs as if they had a will. He did not know if that was because of Scythe’s magic, or because the plants wanted nothing to do with the wizard.
“We had a remembrance for Kaylie about a week after the burial,” Wren said. A partridge spooked and flew up at the sound of his voice.
“I went to the burial,” Garrett said.
“Yes, I saw you there. Her brothers asked me to bring you to the remembrance ceremony, but I couldn’t find you.”
“Remembrance ceremony,” Scythe said softly. Nolan could not see his face, but he was sure from his voice that the wizard was sneering.
“What’s a remembrance ceremony?” Nolan asked. “I must have been out in the field.”
“Everyone who knew the deceased gathers to remember good times,” Wren said. “It’s a way to recover from the pain of the loss and a way to replace bad memories of death with good ones of life.”
Garrett rolled his eyes. Wren caught the gesture, and he looked meaningfully at Nolan. “I take it you find the idea silly, Garrett,” Nolan said. “It sounds like a wonderful idea to me.”
“Some grief shouldn’t be gotten over,” Garrett said. His voice was dark and hard. “Some pain needs to be remembered, to be kept in the present. I know what you two are trying to do, and you can just shut up now. I’m not going to just get on with my life, and I’m not going to forget about Kaylie.”
Nolan and Wren both backed off. Nolan could argue, point out that they did not want him to forget Kaylie but to remember her with love and joy instead of hatred and grief, but there was not point. When Garrett took on that hard-edged tone it meant that he wasn’t open to further discussion. Nolan and Wren both dropped back a few paces to talk to each other.
“What did you do at the remembrance ceremony?” Nolan asked. Garrett picked up his pace until he was abreast with Scythe. Wren shook his head. This was hopeless. Wren would have to put a bolt through Garrett’s chest before the week was out.
He turned his mind to better things. “We took turns telling a happy memory about Kaylie, then we had a bonfire to symbolize her passing from this world. In the bonfire we burned most of her belongings, except for a few trinkets her eldest brother wanted to pass down to his daughter. And I think her mother might have cheated and taken a few things for herself.”
“So what were most of the stories about?”
“Kind things Kaylie had done to help her friends and family, funny mischief she’d gotten into as a child. It really did feel good to focus on her life for once, rather than her death. I felt better afterward, and I think her three brothers did too.” Wren smiled. “Her youngest brother Jak told us a story that she’d made up about a unicorn and the God Loki. Apparently she was quite the storyteller, especially during the winter when they couldn’t go outside to play.”
“Tell me the story,” Nolan said. “Do you remember how it goes?” Loki had always been one of Wren’s favorite gods. The embodiment of trickery and mischief had appealed to his imagination in a way the stately goddess never could. Surely Wren would remember the tale.
“I don’t remember exactly how it goes, but somehow a unicorn fell in love with a human woman, and he wished to become mortal. Loki granted his wish, after a fashion. He put the unicorn’s soul into the body of a coyote, his totem. The woman later adopted the coyote as a familiar.”
“That sounds like something Loki would do,” Nolan said. “Did the story explain why the woman would want to adopt a wild coyote?”
“Apparently she found the coyote wounded, near death somehow. I don’t remember that part of the story. When I was listening, all I could think about was Kaylie and the fascination she had with the gods and their doings in the mortal world.”
“I was the same way, when I was young,” Nolan said. He looked up at the sunny sky, as he had often looked as a boy and fancied that he could see the faces of the gods in the puffy white clouds. “It gives a child comfort to think that there are forces outside himself, forces that may intervene on his behalf.”
“An adult, too,” Wren said. Garrett took no notice of them; he seemed deep in conversation with Scythe.
Nolan felt a sudden chill, as if a storm cloud had dropped over the sun. “Something’s about to happen.”
Wren nodded. He reached over his shoulder and touched his crossbow. “I wonder how many of these I’ll use up before this is over.”

“Those friends of yours are hiding something,” Scythe murmured.
Garrett refrained from looking back over his shoulder. “What do you mean?”
“They huddle together at night and speak in a secret language. They shield their thoughts from me. They are keeping secrets.”
“Rangers always shield their thoughts,” Garrett objected. “It’s part of our training.”
“I don’t trust them.” Scythe was telling the truth, though of course not all of it. “If we are to travel together, we must not hide things from each other.”
He had a point, Garrett thought. He did not consciously remember the dream in which Wren and Nolan had betrayed and attacked him, but some trace of it must have threaded to the surface, for Garrett felt a measure of the wizard’s mistrust. Why would they speak together in a secret language, unless they were hiding something? Garrett knew about the hand language they had invented as boys, though he did not understand it himself. As far as he knew, they had not used the language in years, except for the occasional private joke at a public function.
“They don’t trust you either,” Garrett said at last. “They have reason not to.”
“But you know that you can trust me,” Scythe said, “because I gave you my true-name. Do they know that you have it?”
“No!” Garrett said. “If they knew, they would make me use it to destroy you.”
Scythe smiled. “I knew I could trust you. You are the only truly honorable soul I have ever met in all my years.”
Garrett said nothing in response, but he warmed at the compliment. Scythe studied the slender channels he had built in the ranger’s mind, and what he saw pleased him. Progress was slower than it would have been without the influence of the interlopers, but the channels were smooth and flawless, and they were widening steadily. Over the next few days, Scythe would work carefully on these channels, widening them further with hints and dreams. Soon Scythe would have unlimited access to Garrett’s kah.
The immortality of which Scythe dreamed was within his grasp. He could almost taste it, and it tasted like Garrett’s blood.
There was a rustle and a squeal in the bushes to the right. Garrett turned his head in that direction and said, “I think that was a striped wood-rat. If there’s a burrow, I should make a note of its location. They’re a rare species.”
Scythe stopped walking and said, “As you wish.” As soon as Garrett’s back was turned, he spun around and leveled a lightning blast of raw power at Wren. Wren ducked as soon as he saw the wizard turn, and the fiery projectile flashed silently over his head. The bright-white blast made the hairs on the back of Wren’s neck stand up, and Nolan could not breathe nor move as he watched it flash by barely two feet from him.
Garrett barely noticed the commotion behind him. His head was aching again, and he concentrated on tracking the squeal he’d heard to its source. His othersense felt blurred somehow; if it had been physical sight, he would be rubbing his eyes to clear them. All the same, he was able to sense the small life force that had squealed an alarm at the passage of three humans. It might be a striped wood-rat; they lived in small family groups, and one usually kept watch while the others foraged.
Scythe stalked over to the rangers, and Nolan drew his sword. Wren climbed to his feet with murder in his eyes. “What game are you playing at now, wizard?” he said through gritted teeth.
“I could ask you the same thing.” Scythe looked more boyish than ever, like a teenage child having a tantrum. “I’m on to your little secret, ‘Wren,’ and I’m warning you—don’t interfere with me. You can kill a wizard with his true-name, but you can also do things that would make him wish he were dead.”
Garrett came back from his search for the rat-burrow to see Scythe standing defiant with Nolan’s sword at his throat. “What’s going on?” he asked. His headache intensified, and he touched his forehead.
Nolan sheathed his sword. “We were—testing each other,” he said.
Garrett frowned at them, and he started off again without a word. Scythe silently followed. Wren and Nolan stared at each other for a long time.
What now? Wren’s hands asked.
Keep walking, Nolan responded. His intuition was telling him nothing now, which meant that they had to be on the right track.
They exchanged another long, silent stare, and within it Wren communicated to his milk-brother exactly how he felt about this whole adventure. Nolan stared silently back, expressionless. He didn’t like it either, but the alternative was to abandon Garrett, which was unthinkable.
Then Wren shook his head, like a spaniel dog clearing its ears of water, and he changed the subject completely. “Do you remember all our fishing trips, back in Deep Lake?”
Nolan rolled his eyes. Nolan and Wren had been avid fishers as boys; Wren had frequently blown off magic lessons with Master Raven to go out on Deep Lake with his milk-brother. What nobody else knew—especially Mother—was that on the other side of the lake lived a hermit woman who never felt the need to wear clothing in the summer. She ate, slept, danced, and tended her garden in the nude, weather permitting. The part of the lake that she lived on was sandy and bare, not good for catching big fish; Nolan assumed that was why none of the other men bothered rowing that far. Certainly he and Wren were not about to tell them that there was more to fishing out there than catching fish.
The woman had never seemed to mind their frequent trips past her little cabin. “Hello boys!” she’d call as they drifted past for the third time that day. “They biting today?”
“Yes ma’am,” Wren always responded. “We got a couple of big ones today!”
Sometimes Nolan would punch him for that; other times he would simply turn away and pretend to cast. Either way the woman just grinned and went about her business. She knew perfectly well what they were up to, and she didn’t give a damn.
“I wonder what she looks like now,” Wren said.
“I doubt it matches our memories,” Nolan replied.
“All the same, we should go back to Deep Lake to visit, just for old times’ sake. After we’re done with this—errand.” Wren glanced at their strange companions, walking stiffly a few paces ahead.
As they watched the wizard and their friend, their hands were working busily. He knows, Wren signed.
He thinks he knows, Nolan responded. You won’t die. No name.
If he gets my name—Wren hesitated—finish me. Please. Names are power. Don’t let him have my power.
Say no more, Nolan signed quickly. Good thoughts, strong thoughts. No thoughts of death.
Wren dropped his hands and walked away. Nolan reached out and took his shoulder, and when Wren looked back, he nodded once. Wren nodded back, and they started walking again.
Nolan felt sick. The air around them was warm and pleasant, and the wildflowers were blooming like mad. Animals were mating, bearing young, continuing the Circle. But all Nolan could see was death; all he could smell was the cold, metallic smell of sword on flesh. He was too young to be this close to the darkest part of the Circle.
As soon as the thought was in his head, though, Nolan had to correct himself. He was no younger than Kaylie, who had found that dark curve before she had grown old enough to find the Light.
The day carried on into afternoon, and nobody spoke much. Scythe stalked ahead like an affronted cat, with Garrett trailing behind and casting the occasional worried or angry look back. Nolan and Wren walked shoulder to shoulder without speaking.
“How much further do you think we have to go?” Nolan asked quietly. He did not use the hand language this time; what they needed to discuss was too complex for that.
“I don’t know where the Beast’s cave is—assuming that it exists—but I know that the Coldfire Mountains are about two days’ hike away. This cave we seek must be a bit closer than that.”
“Do you think we’ll make it?”
Wren slowed his pace until Scythe and Garrett were the size of paper dolls ahead of them. “I don’t know,” he murmured. “There is no cohesion to this quest of ours, no unity or balance. I should feel at one with Garrett; aren’t we on the same side, seeking the same end? He is our brother in spirit, and we did all this for him. But he doesn’t want us here, and my every instinct is telling me to turn around and go home while we can. I’m still not sure that it was a good thing to come this far. Maybe Garrett would have come to his senses quicker without our interference.”
“You know that’s not true,” Nolan said. “You’ve seen the changes in him.”
Wren nodded. Yes, he had. Garrett was different now, different from the cheerful jokester he’d been, different even from the moody, depressed man he had become after Kaylie’s murder. His face was bland, his actions and reflexes passive and dull. He seemed less there to Wren’s othersense, as if his very personality were being washed away.
“How is Scythe doing this to him?” Nolan asked. “Could he do it to us, too, without our knowledge?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Wren looked about as if for eavesdroppers, but their only onlooker was a black songbird with yellow wings that scolded them from a low bush. “Scythe was able to put a hook in Garrett’s mind, using Kaylie as bait. Scythe could not exploit us in the same manner.”
“But we both have weaknesses that Scythe could use against us, if he knew of them,” Nolan said.
“Which is why we will not speak of them now,” Wren said. “We focus on our strengths, and the greatest of these is our ability to see this thing through to the end, no matter the cost.”
Nolan put his right fist over his heart. Wren was doing this for him. He was terrified of the blood-wizard, a fear that he did an almost perfect job of concealing, and he thought that Garrett was a lost cause. But he had come out here for Nolan’s sake, risked his life and his future because Nolan wanted him to. Just as he had done before.
They walked side-by-side, shoulder-to-shoulder, and together they walked into the past.
Chapter Six—Ten Years Ago
Nolan was dreaming The Dream again, the one that made him want to cry when he woke up. Clara had come to school early, and she had somehow forgotten to wear panties under her knee-length skirt. She led Nolan into the girls’ water closet (where was the headmaster? Ah, the nice thing about dreams was that there need be no explanations…) and there were two more girls who had also forgotten key articles of clothing. Nolan felt about ten feet high and six feet long.
“Psst, Nolan! Hey Nolan, wake up!”
Nolan groaned, but the whispering voice would not go away. It was a boy’s voice, no dream-fodder, and Nolan knew even in his sleep whom it was. He got up and staggered out of bed. His pajamas were loose and baggy, which was good because he had a stiffer the size of a cucumber. But it was also bad in a way, because the fabric of his pajamas was rubbing against him in a very distracting way as he fumbled toward the window.
The full moon shone through his bedroom window like a beacon, but the moonlight was partially blocked by a gangly young boy clinging to his window like a fairy-child out of a tale. “Come on, Nolan! Invite me in before I fall off!”
Nolan dutifully opened the door and grunted a sleepy invitation. He was still barely awake, his head still swimming with images and sensations he had never experienced in real life and likely never would. Such dreams were happening more and more; Pa said they were one of the signs that he was becoming a man. If grown men had dreams like this all the time, no wonder they acted so crazy. But the cold air melted his stiffness, which was a relief.
The boy outside hauled his skinny body through the window and tumbled to the floor. “Whew! It was freezing out there, and I had trouble concentrating on the words. Thought I’d fall that time for sure.”
“You’ll never fall,” Nolan said. He sat down on the floor next to his friend. “The way you jump and cling to everything, you should change your use-name from Wren to Monkey.”
“Master Raven suggested Idiot Boy Who Doesn’t Listen,” Wren grinned. He rubbed the gooseflesh out of his bare arms. “Do you think he was trying to tell me something?”
“Maybe, but I hear you’re an idiot who doesn’t listen, so it won’t do any good.” Nolan smirked back.
This provoked some good-natured tussling; Nolan won easily, his large frame and heavy body giving him a natural advantage. Within minutes he had buried Wren’s face in his armpit until hearing the anticipated “Oh gods, poison gas! Mercy, mercy!” Nolan released his prisoner and granted him clemency.
“So aren’t you supposed to be studying toadstools or something?” Nolan asked, sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Wren flopped onto Nolan’s bed and looked down at him. His unruly black hair was wild and tousled from the night wind. “Toadstools are next week,” he said. “Right now I should be sleeping and restoring my ‘personal energies.’ I have too much personal energy to know what to do with; that’s why I keep getting in trouble. But I heard from my sister that you were the one to get in trouble today.” Wren’s tone turned suddenly serious.
Nolan looked down at the floor. It was just like Wren to switch topics in mid-sentence like that. “It’s nothing.”
“If you call punching Clara’s boyfriend in the guts nothing, I don’t want to know what you call something,” Wren said. His dark eyes were sharp with anger and fear for his friend. “Are you going mad? Rand’s family has more money than you or I could ever hope to see. They know the constable as a personal friend.”
“I only punched him the once,” Nolan mumbled. “And anyway, he called me a gender-switcher.”
“So call him one back. Tell everyone that the only reason he’s with Clara is so no one suspects the truth. I could help you spread it around. I’m training to be a wizard, so I’m supposed to know everything.”
“Just forget about it. The whole thing got blown out of proportion. It was really stupid, and I’m sorry I did it. I even told the bastard I was sorry. His family dropped the charges after I apologized. All’s even.”
“Hey.” Wren looked at Nolan closely, and Nolan saw earnest concern in his intense dark eyes. “You do know that you’re not her type, right?”
Nolan looked away. Of course he knew. It was idiotic to moon over a girl who thought of you as nothing more than a big, dumb friend. Nolan was an idiot.
“It’s not that,” Nolan half-lied. “It’s just that Rand doesn’t deserve a girl like Clara. You’ve heard how he talks to her. How can you put up with him coming around her?”
“I hate it too,” Wren said. His eyes darkened further. “I hate him, and I hate the way she looks at him, like he’s the God of Love because his family has a chest full of silver. But she has to be the one to break it off. We can’t do it for her.”
“If he ever hurts her, I’ll break it off all right,” Nolan said.
“And I’ll hold him down while you do it. But in the meantime, no punching him for stupid remarks and getting your fool self kicked out of school. Clara’s a smart girl. She’ll get sick of his attitude before it gets out of hand.”
“Are you sure?”
Wren shrugged. “As sure as I can be about a girl. Mom talks to her all the time about men and marriage, and they talk about stuff like what Rand does. I listened at her window once. But I better go to bed, before Master Raven finds I’ve gone and puts me on well duty for a month again. Good night.”
With that, Wren bounded off Nolan’s bed and disappeared out the window. He moved so lightly he didn’t even seem real, like a fairy or a ghost come to visit Nolan’s dreams. There was no impression on Nolan’s bed where he had sat.
Nolan ran to the window and looked outside, but Wren was nowhere in sight. Nolan still hadn’t figured out exactly how Wren did that. Wren could move lightly because he had a natural knack for Flight-spell, a gift that his Master Raven likely regretted. But how could he be gone so quickly that Nolan could never catch him flying away? Perhaps he had mastered invisibility too and wanted to keep it a secret.
Nolan went back to bed and lay down. There was a dead leaf on his pillow, probably carried in on Wren’s pajamas. Master Raven had threatened to drop Wren as an apprentice if he didn’t settle down and stop sneaking out. Self-discipline, he said, was half of a wizard’s power.
Wren, Nolan thought, would not make a good wizard in the long run. Nolan suspected that Wren had little or no interest in being one of those detached old men who weighed every move with precision and calculation before acting. Wren had to be involved in everything; he had a bit part in every drama the little town held. Just about every time he slipped out, it was to talk to someone he knew was in trouble. He was a good friend to everyone, not just Nolan.
Nolan fell asleep thinking dreamily of Clara’s brown eyes. And her knee-length skirt.
The next day, Nolan approached the wooden steps of the little schoolhouse with trepidation. The other dozen or so students were already inside and sitting at the sturdy little desks that Nolan’s own pa had built. Pa had been commissioned by the town to build them, but he had done the work for free in exchange for an education for his boy.
Nolan fancied that he could feel the students looking at him as he passed by to reach his own desk. When he squeezed himself into his chair, he could almost hear them thinking, Look at the big ape. He doesn’t even fit behind his desk. Half-civilized, stupid, that’s what happens when you grow up with no mother and no money. Poor Rand. Any one of us could have been a victim of that brute.
Clara and Rand were sitting together in the far back corner of the square room, whispering together and ignoring Nolan completely. A few days ago Nolan could have approached them and gotten a pretty smile and some conversation from Clara, but today he was afraid to go near them. Clara must be siding with Rand in this, or she would not be cuddling up with him in the corner. As Nolan looked at them, Rand gripped his stomach and grimaced as if in pain, and Nolan looked away. He might be playacting for Clara’s sympathy, or he might be in actual pain, but either way it turned Nolan’s stomach to remember what he had done.
The teacher, Madame Yra, walked in just then, and everyone snapped to attention. She was a large, heavyset woman with squinty eyes and a constant frown that made Nolan think of the goddess Atropos, the one who cut everyone’s life-thread. Atropos probably wore a frown like that as she wielded her silver shears: a frown that said, “This is unpleasant, but it’s my job and it’s got to be done. Everyone get out of my way.”
Nolan could barely concentrate on the lessons in front of him, and he missed two easy questions about the geography of the Many Kingdoms. Each time he fumbled, Madame Yra gave him a look that said, Well, what could we expect from the likes of you? When the morning lessons were over and it was time for their lunch break, Nolan gathered up his books and bolted for the door with his head down.
The other students rushed past him without looking at him. Nolan hung back on the steps until most of the class was gone, and he thought about his choices. He made up his mind to stay home for the rest of the day and hang the afternoon lessons. If he kept to himself for a few days and tried not to talk to people, especially not to Clara, maybe the whole thing would blow over. He’d keep his nose to the grindstone and concentrate on his studies and make his pa proud. He did not want his pa to have to face the shame of a big, stupid son who couldn’t stop beating up boys half his size. Nolan picked up his head, and he felt a little better.
All of Nolan’s good intentions were blown away like dead leaves when he saw Rand and Clara behind a tree outside the schoolhouse. At first he thought they were kissing, and he looked away quickly. Then he heard her muffled cry and looked back. Rand had her pinned against the tree, with his face pressed down on hers. His hands were gripping her shoulders hard enough to make his knuckles turn white. Her feet drummed against the trunk of the tree.
Nolan did not consciously remember feeling rage, or even feeling much of anything. He did remember charging Rand like a mad bull, slamming him into the ground, and kicking him in the face. From a thousand miles away, he heard Clara take in a ragged breath and scream for help.

“You could have killed that boy,” Pa said quietly. He stirred the fire moodily, not looking at his son.
“I’m sorry,” Nolan said again.
“I’m sure you are. And you would have been even sorrier if the boy had died and you got carted off in a wooden wagon with no windows. It was a close call for you as it was.”
“What do you mean?”
Pa sat back in his chair and fiddled with his pipe. It was gracefully carved to look like a whale. Pa loved everything about the sea, even talked about a childhood ambition to become a sailor. Nolan never found out why Pa had given that ambition up.
“Rand’s parents wanted you locked up for what you did, especially after what happened the other day. They said you were dangerous, emotionally unbalanced over that girl. It didn’t help that Clara told everyone you caught her and Rand kissing and were overtaken by jealousy. It looked pretty bad for you, until Wren stepped forward.”
“What did he do?” Nolan was shocked that Clara would protect her attacker and try to discredit the one who had defended her. He felt as though he were being plunged head first over a cliff. But Wren—what about Wren? Had he risked himself to defend Nolan?
“Wren ripped the sleeves off Clara’s blouse right in front of the constable and showed everyone the bruises on her arms. Then he used his magic to re-create a scene he’d witnessed of her and Rand together a few weeks ago, with Rand yelling at her and all. Rand’s parents got really quiet after that. Especially his father.” Pa chewed on his pipe and looked at nothing.
“They believed what Wren had shown them with his magic, even though he’s just an apprentice and my friend?”
“Wren’s Master Raven swore on his grimoire that it was a true casting. You owe that boy your life.”
Later, when Nolan tried to thank him, Wren shrugged the matter away. “It’s over,” he said. “Rand’s family is moving away, and hopefully the next rich boy she fixates on will be a nicer sort. Let’s get on with our lives now.”
“How?” Nolan said glumly. “I can’t go back to school, not ever. Clara hates me now. What life am I supposed to get on with?”
They walked together in silence for a time. “I’m not a lot better off,” Wren said at last. “Master Raven was really impressed with the casting I performed for the constable. Now he wants me to settle down and study harder than ever. If I settle down any further I’m going to be dead.”
“So we both have problems,” Nolan said. “Who can we go to for advice?”
“Let’s ask the gods!” Wren said in a burst of inspiration. “Come on, I know just the place.”
Wren led Nolan to a stand of pines behind his house. They grew in a perfect circle, all of them the same height, which was about twice the size of a man. In the center of the trees was a smaller circle of white mushrooms. They looked like little bald men sprouting out of the bright grass.
“The fairies come here to dance,” Wren said. His voice was hushed with religious awe. “Never cross this circle in the light of the full moon, or you may never come out the other side. The barrier between our world and the Other Havens is very thin here.”
They did not enter the fairy mushroom circle, but they sat down in the soft grass at its edge. A cool wind shivered through the pines. Nolan sat on the south edge of the circle and Wren on the north.
“Now what?” Nolan asked.
“Think about what you want to ask the gods,” Wren said. “Imagine them coming to you and answering your question.”
Nolan closed his eyes and thought as hard as he could, I want to ask the gods what I should do with my life, such as it is. I want to ask them what my true calling is. My behind is cold, and I feel like a fool. I want the gods to tell me what to do with myself. I want to feel my behind.
Something soft tickled Nolan’s nose, and he opened his eyes. Sitting in the mushroom circle in front of him was a nude woman with raven hair and moon-bright eyes. Her breasts jiggled prettily as she leaned forward to tickle his nose with her jet-black hair. She bore a passing resemblance to the hermit-woman he and Wren gawked at every summer.
“Uh, hello,” Nolan said stupidly.
The woman giggled. “Most querents either stammer hopelessly or try to jump me on the spot,” she said. “You have nice manners for a mortal.”
“I’m Nolan,” he said, remembering those manners. “What’s your name?”
“I’m Diana,” she said. “Goddess of the Moon, sister to Artemis of the Hunt and Athena of War and Wisdom. We want you in our army, Nolan. You and your friend here. His power is as great as yours; you complement each other.”
“What army?” Nolan glanced across at Wren, whose eyes were closed in deep concentration. He seemed to be hearing none of this; perhaps he was having his own vision.
“The Rangers of the Light are what they call themselves. Our servants, our messengers, our warriors, our keepers of the balance. You have heard of rangers, I assume?”
“Of course.” Nolan had read many tales of the woods-walkers and their familiars in the animal world.
“Rangers of the Light are the very same, only more so,” the goddess said in reply to Nolan’s thoughts. “All forest-workers worship the gods of nature, but Rangers of the Light are more open to our hints and suggestions. Like a sort of priest, you’d say.”
Nolan thought about this. “So I’d be at the beck and call of you goddesses?”
Diana laughed again. “Heavens no! We don’t have that kind of time on our hands that we can order you about like servants! No, it just means that your bond to the natural world will be stronger, and you will be more aware of the balance of power in the earth. Maybe more like a wizard than a priest. It’s hard to explain; you really have to experience it to understand it.”
Nolan was beginning to understand, nevertheless. “I don’t have to do this, do I?”
“Of course not. Devils coerce. Gods ask. Sometimes that’s the only difference between the two. What do you say?” Diana cocked her head and raised her eyebrows. Not only was she beautiful, she was cute, too.
Nolan considered. Really, there was not much to think about. He wanted a way out of the mess he’d made for himself, a way to regain his lost honor. This was surely the best way to go about it. And the thought of becoming a ranger appealed strongly to Nolan. He liked the idea of living off the land, protecting it from ignorant humans like Rand, and growing closer to the animal world, seeing for himself some of the things he had only read about it books.
“I accept,” he said.
Diana laughed and clapped her hands. “I knew you would! Listen closely; you want to go to Gris. There’s a very old ranger there named Dover, who patrols the border between Daylin and Gris. He’ll know why you’re there right away. He’s been training my apprentices since you were a babe in arms, and he knows the mark of my favor. Just find Dover and tell him who sent you, and he’ll take care of you. Good luck.” Diana vanished.
Nolan awoke to the deep purple of fading sunset. “Pa’s going to kill me,” he grunted, trying to get up. He’d somehow fallen asleep in the cross-legged position, and both his legs were still asleep.
“Did she speak to you?” Wren asked.
“Yes, and she said she wanted you to come with me. Aren’t you still an apprentice, though? You can’t leave Master Raven yet.”
Wren hauled himself to his feet and grabbed Nolan’s wrists. “I think the command of a goddess takes precedence over human custom,” he grunted, pulling Nolan up. “I’ve learned control over my mind powers, which was all I really wanted out of wizardry. I’m not getting anywhere with this self-discipline regime that he’s got me on, and I think he knows it.”
“Then you’re coming with me?” Nolan grinned.
“Are you mad? You aren’t having any grand adventures without me.” Wren made a fist and put it over his heart. Nolan did likewise, and they stood like that for a long moment.
* * * * *
Wren stood in the doorway like a bashful suitor, waiting for Master Raven to hurry up and say something. The older man was silent for a long time, drinking his tea and staring into the fireplace. There was no fire—it was the middle of summer—but Master Raven stared at the dead ash and cold log as though he expected it to burst into flame any minute. Wren wished that Nolan could be here to lend support, but he knew that this was an interview he had to have on his own. Nolan was right now breaking the news to Pa, who had likely hoped that Nolan would become the next master carpenter of Deep Lake.
“You’re sure about this,” Master Raven said at last.
Wren nodded and said, “I must go with Nolan. I feel that very strongly.”
“Young men feel everything very strongly,” Raven observed. “How does this strong feeling compare with last week’s strong feeling that the love of your life was that traveling minstrel—what was her name, Gwynne?”
“I don’t lust for Nolan,” Wren said immediately.
“That does make a difference,” Raven said without humor. “All the same, friendships come and go. How do you know—“
“Because Nolan isn’t a friend,” Wren interrupted. “He’s more—he’s my brother. You know how we came together, how his mother died and all. The gods brought us together, I know it. I have to go with him.”
Raven took a deep drink of his tea. “Nolan’s father has also said that he felt the hand of the gods on his boy,” he said. “I used to think he was being sentimental, but now I wonder. Life in Deep Lake has certainly been more—interesting—since he came to be.”
He turned and looked Wren squarely in the eye for the first time. “And you’re sure that what Nolan described was a true Vision?”
“It was,” Wren said. “Nolan doesn’t have the imagination to make up such a thing. And he wasn’t asleep; I was watching him the whole time.” He had closed his eyes every time Nolan had glanced his way, watching him the rest of the time through eyes half open. It had been a little spooky, watching his milk-brother carry on a conversation with someone that Wren could neither see nor hear.
“Why weren’t you in meditation as well?” Raven asked.
Wren looked down at his soft leather shoes. “I got bored,” he said to them.
Raven shook his head and said nothing for a long time. Wren could hear the ticking of the ancient clock that stood in the main hallway of the old wizard’s house. Finally, Master Raven said, “Clearly you aren’t happy here as my apprentice, and apprenticeship is hardly indentured servitude. If you feel you must leave, then I have no choice but to release you.”
Wren felt both relieved and guilty at the same time. “You’ve been a great teacher—“
“Not great enough, apparently,” Raven said dryly.
“You’ve taught me more in the last year than those know-nothings at the school Nolan goes—went to,” Wren said. “All I ever learned from them was how to shut up and look interested.”
Raven set his teacup down and stood up. “Some young people just aren’t cut out for structured learning,” he said. “Boys more than girls, it seems. Perhaps that sister of yours will make a better apprentice. But indulge me one last time, my son. Let’s make a future scry for you.”
Wren followed Raven back to his workshop, a dusty little closet of a room filled to the ceiling with glass bottles, boxes, and assorted gadgets that he had tinkered with and forgotten. In the middle of the room was a heavy wooden table with a pentagram and several smaller runes carved into its surface. Raven used the different runes for different spells, activating them with drops of water. The pentagram in the center was almost never used; Wren thought that it was made for summoning spirits, but he wasn’t sure. Raven never taught him about that one.
Master Raven poured a bowl of water from a nearby pitcher and set it in the center of a swirling rune. Without a by-your-leave he reached over and pulled a single dark hair from Wren’s head and dropped it into the bowl. “Inca futuro, simsor, dominik, Nolan,” he said quietly.
Wren leaned over the bowl, burning with curiosity. Future-scrying was both unreliable and dangerous; one risked changing the future for the worse by knowing too much. The clear water rippled faintly, and there were several washes of color across its surface. Green first, then blue, then purple. Then the whole bowl turned bright red and darkened to black. Then it lightened back to green, and all was still.
“Was that it?” Wren asked at last.
“Of course. And it was unusually eloquent. Usually all I get is a ripple or two and a trace of one color. That scry was almost a complete conversation.” Raven smiled at his former pupil. “If you were to stay, I could teach you how to interpret those colors yourself.”
“Or you could just tell me what the bowl said about me and Nolan,” Wren said.
Raven huffed, but not seriously. “Fine. Well, you’re right. You are needed to accompany Nolan to Gris. If you don’t, Nolan will meet a slow and certain death at the hands of one he trusts. He will die alone, and he will never be avenged.”
Wren opened his mouth, and Raven held up one hand. “But, if you do go with him, there is a good chance you will meet the same fate together. The future is never certain, even with magic.”
“But we won’t die alone,” Wren said. That was all he cared about.
“No.” Master Raven looked at him sadly. “You won’t die alone.”
Chapter Seven
Animals do not perform magic the way human wizards do, but they hardly need to. Their natural gifts are miraculous and powerful enough to rival the kah of any wizard. Birds, with their sensitivity and power for flight, cats with their glowing moon-eyes, bats with their quickness and sharp hearing—none of them could turn water into wine, but all of them are sensitive enough and clever enough to smell change in the wind, change and a hint of something darker.
No less so are the powers of the gryphons, the secretive bird-lions who roam the Coldfire Forest but are almost never seen by men. One pride ventured farther south than most, seeking clearer skies and dumber prey. This pride was led by Krek, a youngster who had only fledged a year ago. By the standards of most gryphon leaders, he was an infant, but his uncanny way of tracking prey, together with his speed and superior fighting skills, made him a natural leader. His first mate was named Sorca, and she was as clever and quick as her mate. She was an odd color, a deep charcoal grey rather than the more typical gold. She stood out among females the way Krek stood out among dominant males, and they were well-met, he felt.
There were six of them in all, a good number for a pride. Most prides consisted of only three or four gryphons, a male and several females. Krek thought himself lucky to have such a large pride, and all loyal to him. It was the size of his pride that had caused Sorca to choose him over another older gryphon, that and the way Krek had flown circles around the older male. Sorca’s unusual color made her a natural prize, and Krek couldn’t be happier with the way things had turned out.
They had neither eggs nor chicks yet, but Krek was not concerned. The warm season was still new, and Sorca’s feathers were beginning to darken here and brighten there, creating patterns in her coat that excited him deeply. With luck, she would be nesting within the moon. Then the pride would settle down in one nesting-place until the eggs hatched and the chicks were ready to travel. It was with this in mind that Krek had brought his pride south, where prey might be larger and easier to catch. That, at least, was what Krek told himself and his followers. It was easier to explain reasons to others than the instinctive whim that caused one to invent the reasons.
They gathered for the moment in the shade of a cluster of trees, surrounded by low brush and grass on all sides. The open spaces made the gryphons nervous; they feared no enemy but one, but that one was a terrible, implacable foe. Humans killed without mercy and without reason. All knew this.
There are humans about, Sorca said, her neck feathers rising like the hackles of a wolf.
Krek threw his head up and clicked his beak, tasting the air. Rangers, he said. They’re only rangers, and they smell of magic. They will do us no harm.
No human is harmless, Sorca said darkly. She ruffled her wings, and the others shifted nervously.
The humans are already passing us by, Krek said. They’ll leave this area soon, and they will never know we were here.
I don’t like it, Sorca said. Her tail swished back and forth, shedding a few small feathers. They smell of blood, and they’re chasing away the game.
This was hardly true; the humans were too far away to affect the wildlife in this area. The gryphons were more disturbing than the distant humans. But Krek understood the fear that his followers felt. Every chick just out of the egg was told of the horrors their kind had faced when confronted with humans. They had been hunted and killed for their pelts and even kept in cages to be prodded and gawked at. No gryphon in a cage lived for long, and the creature’s painful, terrified death was something they all remembered.
Krek had absorbed the tales just like any other, but for some reason he had not absorbed the fear his dam had tried to impart. He knew that humans were dangerous, but he did not feel the tail-twitching anxiety his fellows did. It was part of what made him pride leader at such a young age; he didn’t know his limitations, or even that he had any.
I’ll go and see what they are doing here, he said. Stay here and keep under cover. If anything approaches you, fly north. I’ll catch up. He turned and loped off into the clearing and launched himself into the air. Behind him he could feel the gryphons’ admiration for his bravery—all but Sorca, who seemed to think he was being foolish—and their feelings warmed him.
Despite his brave words, Krek felt a tremor of fear as he followed the faint scent of human sweat to the west. Sorca was right about one thing; they did smell of blood. Not the blood of fresh-killed game, but old blood. Like the scent of a wound that had never healed.
Krek landed neatly in the crook of a huge tree and peered about. Gryphons were not distance-flyers; already he was winded. But he was very close to the humans, and he was able to cover the rest of the distance with a few short tree-hops. Soon he was right where he needed to be: in a large tree overhanging the space the humans were passing through. They were not speaking, but to the kah-sensitive gryphon, their minds were as open as the blue sky.
Two of them were exactly what Krek had expected to find: rangers, smelling of magic and honest good-hearted living. They looked nothing alike, but they were brothers nonetheless. Krek could sense the bond plainly. They walked step-in-step, and their eyes met frequently in silent communion. Krek could safely dismiss those two as any threat to his pride. Even the birds twittering in the trees around him felt nothing but positive toward them.
But the other two, the ones walking in front, were something else entirely. One smelled like a ranger, but he also smelled like something darker. Like confusion, or fear. Maybe even hatred, a concept barely understood by an animal like Krek. All he knew of “hatred” was that it was what made humans keep gryphons in cages. That and fear. The human kept looking about and rubbing his eyes as though there were something wrong with them.
His companion was the one who smelled like blood, and there was no confusion or fear about him. He did not just smell of blood; he reeked of it, like a beast butchered and left to rot uneaten. His magic was not that of a ranger. His magic was what made him stink so.
The blood-scented human stopped and looked about, as if he knew he was being observed. Without a second thought Krek bolted from his perch and flew back to the safe copse that hid his pride. His smooth wings were silent in flight; the only sound was a rustle of leaves as he took off from the tree. Krek flew all the way back to the pride’s hiding place without stopping to rest. He could feel neither the ache in his breast muscles nor the heaviness of his tiring wings. All he felt was the pounding of his own heart and that horrible blood smell that would not leave his nostrils.
As he approached, he sensed the pride deep in discussion. No—it was Sorca who was speaking, and the rest listened. Listened with a mixture of feelings, among them apprehension and a trace of anger.
Krek landed and snapped at Sorca’s neck feathers, remind her of her place. What are you doing?
Sorca’s head whipped around, and she snapped back. Krek jerked back, astounded that she would defy him so. Expressing my concern for your sanity, she said. There was no trace of concern or remorse in her mental voice. You took off and left us to approach—to get closer to humans! What gryphon has ever done such a thing?
They did not see me, Krek said, concealing his private fear that this was not entirely true.
Why did you do it? You could have been killed, or they could have followed you back to us. We might have all died, or been left without a pride leader.
Not for long, Krek said, finally figuring out Sorca’s game. You would have taken on the responsibility for the good of the pride, would you not?
Sorca wilted. Her proud wings drooped, and her beak gaped like that of a new-hatched chick. No, my mate, she said. I would be heartbroken to lose you; you must know that. She sidled up to him and nibbled gently at his facial feathers.
Krek clicked his beak. He did not know what to believe about Sorca, but he made up his mind that he would not leave her alone with his pride again.
We follow you, Krek, one of his gryphons said, a golden female named Irsa. She cast Sorca a look of feline dislike. We follow only you.
Sorca lowered her head in seeming shame, but Krek caught a trace of fury that she quickly suppressed. No, he would not leave Sorca alone with any of his gryphons, especially not Irsa.
We should go back north, Krek announced. This area is too sparse for us. Game is no more plentiful than it was in the deep woods, and the open space is making us nervous and irrational.
The pride agreed with palpable relief. Krek took wing, followed by Sorca and the rest. He sensed Irsa directly behind Sorca, studying her carefully. Perhaps Sorca was not the only ambitious member of his pride. Perhaps Irsa felt it was time for Krek to have a new first female. Perhaps Irsa was right.
Krek kept track of that old-blood smell, which was imprinted in his brain. If anything were to happen among those humans, it would affect the entire Coldfire Forest from one end to the other. That situation bore watching.
That situation, and one or two others, he added to himself, thinking of Sorca and Irsa.
* * * * *
Garrett followed Scythe and tried not to think about his predicament. He’d known Nolan and Wren for a long time, since they had trained with Dover. They had learned about nature together, learned to use their othersenses and tap their kahs for the benefit of the animals and trees they protected. He had always thought of them as good friends, but now he did not know what to think of them. He had turned his back to investigate what sounded like a striped wood-rat, and when he turned back Nolan had his sword out and pointed at Scythe’s throat. Garrett did not bother asking either of them what had happened; either of them would lie. Scythe would lie because it was a blood-wizard’s nature to be deceitful, and Nolan would lie because he hated Scythe enough to go to any ends to be rid of him. Garrett could not trust any of his companions. His head still ached.
The morning sun slipped slowly toward the top of the sky. Garrett glanced at it, gauging that they were still headed due north, and then blinked. The sun was as bright as ever, but the sky seemed to be darkening prematurely. There was no cloud cover, not even a wisp of mist. All the same, Garrett’s vision was dimming, as if a black veil had dropped over his eyes. Garrett rubbed his face with both hands, trying to clear his vision.
Wren nudged Nolan, who nodded. Garrett and Scythe were still far ahead of them, but they could sense Garrett’s distress. Neither of them was trying to contact Garrett mentally; such communication was too easy for a canny wizard like Scythe to tap and use. But there was enough of a bond there for them to realize that Garrett’s othersense was suffering. Othersense tapped directly into the kah, and if there was something wrong with one, there was likely something wrong with the other.
Bad, very bad. Wren signed.
How? Nolan wanted to know. How had Scythe managed to tap into Garrett’s kah? Rangers of the Light were especially protected by their powers and by their faith. Had Garrett let the wizard into his mind willingly, or had Scythe found a way to sneak in? Nolan’s heart began to pound. How powerful was this wizard, and what sort of danger were they in?
Don’t know. If I find out, he finds me out. Wren’s face was pale, and his hands trembled slightly as he signed.
Nolan started to sign, but then he dropped his hands. Then he raised his hands again and signed, very slowly, Now…or later…he finds you.
Wren lowered his head and thought hard. He chewed his lip, and Nolan waited. Wren did not want Scythe to know he was a wizard. Wren was weak in magic; his strengths were in his ranger’s abilities and the innate mind-powers that went with it. He had an instinctive fear of wizards like Scythe, wizards who were far more powerful than he and would not hesitate to use that power against him.
But Nolan was right. Sooner or later he would have to use his magic against the blood-wizard, and the secret would be out.
When the time came to strike with magic, they would have to strike quickly, and they would have to make it count. Wren had to decide now if he was ready for such a strike.
Yes, Wren signed at last. Tonight, when Garrett sleeps.
Scythe looked away, slowly so as not to attract their attention. Their tense bodies and rapid-fire hand gestures could only mean that they were up to something. All right then. Finally, they would get this over with and Garrett would be his alone once more. Scythe could almost taste his rich, meaty kah. That was the ultimate prize: that well of power that all living things possessed and drew on at need. Pain and emotional anguish strengthened the kah and provided a rich burst of energy that a clever wizard could tap and use. When Garrett learned that his own arrogance had caused the deaths of his two closest friends, that burst of energy would be delicious. And then, when Scythe used Garrett’s arrogance to torture and kill him slowly…Scythe felt an erection twitching beneath his robes.
And that, Scythe reminded himself, was only the beginning. Word would spread far and wide that Garrett had been taken and seduced by a blood-wizard, none other than Scythe the Blood-Butcher. Scythe could use a messenger here and there to add to the tales, and Scythe’s quest for immortality would be almost complete.
Garrett was unaware that he was being watched on all sides like a mouse among warring cats. His head was beginning to ache, and his eyes hurt from squinting. His vision had not dimmed further, thank the gods, but it still seemed as though there was something over his eyes, and it was driving Garrett to distraction. He did not think to ask any of his companions for help; Scythe had already said that he knew almost nothing of healing, and he was finding it hard to ask either of the rangers for help. Garrett felt tired and snappish, and for some reason he had the idea that Nolan and Wren thought that it was his fault there was something wrong with his eyes. “Yes, there’s something wrong with them,” he could hear Wren saying. “You’ve been blind to the fact that you are traveling with a blood-wizard! You’re blind to the fact that I loved Kaylie more than you!” Garrett concentrated on walking and tried not to think.
As the sun crossed the sky and began to dip, Nolan announced, “Wren and I are going hunting. Have a fire ready to roast some plump squirrels when we return.” Even in his dazed state, Garrett heard something odd in Nolan’s tone. Without another word, he and Wren left for the cover of the nearby trees.
“He orders you about,” Scythe remarked as soon as they were out of sight.
“It’s just his way,” Garrett said. Of course it wasn’t; Nolan was one of the most mild-mannered men Garrett had ever known, but Garrett’s eyes were flicking here and there like hummingbirds. The sky seemed to be darkening again, and it was making him feel tired and hotheaded.
“What’s that?” Scythe said, tensing.
Garrett frowned. “I don’t hear anything.”
“Something comes this way. Draw your sword.”
Garrett looked all around and felt outward with his othersense, but he saw and heard nothing. He felt dizzy and tired, as if his head were stuffed with sacking. “I still don’t sense anything,” he said.
“Draw your sword!” Scythe cried, and then it was upon them.
Garrett remembered the enchantment he’d suffered when he and Wren had been attacked by the manticore, but when he saw what came charging out of the sky he went for his sword instinctively.
A dozen or more harpies were swooping down at them, screeching for fresh blood. Their hags’ faces were contorted with greed and hunger, and their claws were fully extended. Garrett tried feebly to reach them mentally, to drive them off, but the effort hurt so much that he desisted.
Scythe stumbled back and landed on his behind in the weeds. Ignoring the greenery that wilted around him, the wizard raised both hands and spoke a word that sounded like a command. The harpy flocked veered off at the last moment and climbed back into the sky. Then they circled overhead, screeching among themselves, and dove again. Their voices were like the sound of the banshee-ghosts that killed hapless victims by fear. There was murder in their bloodshot eyes.
“Why are they attacking a second time?” Garrett said. His sword was out, and he felt better with the steel blade in his hand. “Harpies only attack the helpless. They’re carrion birds.”
“They are being controlled,” Scythe said. “Some other wizard is forcing them at us, just like the manticore.”
Garrett readied his sword. The Beast again.

Wren’s crossbow speared a fat squirrel through the torso and pinned it, wriggling, to the tree trunk. Wren casually pulled the bolt free and ended the squirrel’s pain with a snap of the neck. “You can look now,” he said to Nolan. Nolan turned around, relieved.
“I hate it when they don’t die right away,” Nolan said, making no excuses for his squeamishness.
“You must be a better shot than I am, then,” Wren said. He pulled the bolt free and wiped it clean on the grass; he could probably rework the head and use it again. “Thank you,” he said to the goddess as he added the squirrel to the two he already had on his belt.
“Scythe was looking at us,” Nolan said, changing the subject.
“When we were signing? I know, I saw. What do we do?”
“What is the extent of your powers? Can you scry, can you fight with magic? What exactly can you do?”
Wren shook his head. “I haven’t even practiced since I became a full ranger. All I can really do with any reliability is a few attack-bolts--and this!” Wren leaped straight up and landed in the branches of an overhead oak tree, over twenty feet off the ground.
“Wren, come down, Scythe will sense you!” Nolan was in a panic.
“Catch!” Wren called, and Nolan automatically put out his hands and caught another squirrel, its neck already broken.
Wren chuckled down at Nolan. He bounced happily in the thin branches. “I never get tired of doing this,” he said.
“I can see that,” Nolan said. “Now come down please, before you fall and break your neck.”
Wren slipped through the branches and landed lightly on the ground next to Nolan. “You sound like my mother,” he said.
“I meant to. She’s the only person you ever listened to in your life. Do we have enough squirrels, or should we look for something bigger?”
Wren’s jaw dropped, and he gripped Nolan’s arm. “Something bigger just found us,” he whispered. Nolan cocked his head, and Wren squeezed his arm hard.
What is the meaning of magic in this wood?
Nolan swallowed and turned around slowly.
Nolan had studied drawings of gryphons as a ranger’s apprentice, and he was familiar with their basic physiology. The reality, though, went far and away beyond what had been described to him by dry texts and artists’ renditions. The drawings and text in Nolan’s book described a creature that was part bird and part cat, a queer combination of species. This beast was no combination of anything. Its head was smooth and aquiline, topped by a feathered crest that rose and fell like a wave. Its sturdy leonine shoulders sloped back into golden wings that twitched and shivered nervously. Its huge claws flexed and retracted in the soft earth, and its long feline tail switched back and forth constantly. The gryphon was plainly ill at ease, and for a long moment the rangers and the beast regarded each other with equal measures of curiosity and fear. As Nolan watched, small feathers in the gryphon’s neck rose like hackles.
The gryphon’s agitation was no surprise to Nolan. Gryphons lived and died by what they called the Law of Silence. They were, from the day they hatched, taught never to speak or interact with humans. Most folk thought gryphons to be dumb animals with no intelligence, because even the few gryphons that had been captured would not speak and gave every indication that they understood nothing of what went on around them. They rarely survived long enough for proper study; invariably they starved to death in captivity.
“What’s going on?” Nolan whispered. “Gryphons never speak to humans. They try to never even be seen by us.”
“It must be serious,” Wren whispered back. “I think I offended it somehow.”
Wren stepped forward and bowed his head, but Nolan observed that his hand still gripped his crossbow behind him. “I apologize, mighty hunter,” he said. “My companion and I were hunting, and I thought to catch a squirrel—“
Not that, ranger. There is magic being used on a flock of harpies by the dark ones you travel with. Why are they abusing those helpless birds? The gryphon’s golden crest rose and fell, rose and fell. Its beak opened slightly, then clicked closed with a snap.
Wren and Nolan looked at each other. “Scythe,” Nolan said.
Wren turned back to the gryphon. “What sort of magic is being used?” he asked. “Can you tell us?”
They are being pulled about as you two-legs do with your dogs. Yanked up, then yanked down, then up again. They are only harpies; they won’t survive such harsh treatment. The gryphon’s claws dug deeper in the earth beneath its feet. It was acting as though it wanted to attack something, but it knew not what. Nolan took a step back, in case the beast lost self-control.
“Scythe is controlling the harpies,” Wren said. “We need to get back.”
“Great one, we apologize for the abuse to your creatures,” Nolan said as they hurried away. “We will correct the wrong immediately.”
As Krek watched the two humans leave, Sorca joined her mate. You violated the Law of Silence, she observed.
They are not like other humans, Krek said. They listen, and they learn.
Still, it is good that you are pride leader, Sorca said. A lesser bird would be made Outcast.
And it is good that you have no ambition to be pride leader, Krek said ironically. He turned and nipped her on the neck. Return to the pride, female.
Sorca obediently turned and loped back into the trees. Law of Silence has been broken, she thought privately. This cannot be.
Chapter Eight
The harpies flapped about wearily. They were moving slow in the sky, stumbling about on wings that seemed barely able to hold them aloft. Every so often one of them would tumble down toward the ground, spinning head over tail feathers, only to catch herself at the last possible moment and fumble slowly back up to her sisters. They squawked and muttered among themselves, occasionally casting baleful glances at the wizard and ranger below.
“Maybe they’ll give up now,” Garrett said. His sword was red from the occasional swipe he’d had to take at the attacking harpies. It made his heart hurt to see them so abused. His own weariness and tricky vision were momentarily forgotten.
“They’re being controlled,” Scythe said. He sounded out of breath, as if repelling the harpies again and again had drained him. “They can’t stop attacking us, or they would have fled a long time ago. Harpies don’t battle like this; they only attack what can’t fight back.”
Garrett knew this, of course. In his training as a ranger he had spent a good six months studying different animals and their habits. He knew enough about harpies and their like to known that this was not normal behavior for a flock. A single warrior, asleep, would be likely prey for harpies, and even then they would only attack once. If they failed to kill him on the first try, they would flee in search of more helpless prey.
“What should we do?” he asked Scythe. “The flock won’t survive much more of this.”
“I can end their misery with a lightning bolt,” Scythe said, “if I can muster the energy.” He looked pale and tired.
If Garrett had been in his right mind, he would have wondered why a powerful blood-wizard was so tired after a few trifling repelling-spells. He also might have wondered why Scythe hadn’t blasted them with a lightning bolt in the first place and saved himself the effort of repelling them. His head and eyes itched, and it hurt to look up at the weary, flapping carrion birds.
“Scythe, stop!” a voice shouted.
Garrett turned and saw Wren and Nolan charging out of the trees. Nolan’s sword was drawn, and he was running straight at Scythe with naked rage in his blue eyes. “Scythe, stop this now,” he commanded. “Or I’ll strike you down where you stand.”
Scythe stiffened and stepped away from the ranger. His pale face was even paler with exhaustion and fear. Without thinking, Garrett stepped between them with his bloodied sword raised. “Nolan, no,” he said. “We need him.”
Nolan’s blade stopped in mid-swing, trembling. “No, you don’t,” he said. “You need us.”
“Garrett, he’s controlling the harpies,” Wren said. “He manufactured this attack, just like the manticore. He’s manipulating you.”
“And how do you know this?” Scythe asked quietly. Overhead, the harpies continued to circle wearily.
Wren knew, of course, by his othersense. All wizards, when they performed magic, left a signature on the spell that was recognizable to all other wizards. Scythe’s bloody signature was all over the harpies. But Wren could hardly say so.
“A gryphon in the forest told us,” he said instead. “He wants you to stop abusing his people.”
Scythe snorted. “A gryphon spoke to you?” he asked. “Gryphons do not speak to humans; they live and die by their precious Law. And why would a gryphon speak in defense of harpies? They are natural enemies. Garrett, these—rangers—are deceiving you. They seek to end your mission of justice.”
Harpies and gryphons were not precisely enemies, Garrett thought; gryphons were hunters, and harpies were scavengers that cleaned up their leavings. The two species mostly avoided each other, except for the occasional scuffle over a fresh kill. But Scythe was right about the Law of Silence; gryphons were highly intelligent, but few people knew it. Gryphons never spoke to humans and rarely allowed themselves to be seen. That a gryphon had approached and spoken to two human men in defense of harpies was like something out of a tale for children.
But why would Nolan and Wren make up such a tale? If they were going to lie, they should have come up with something plausible. Garrett’s head was pounding painfully, and he sheathed his sword and rubbed his temples.
“Let’s end this,” Wren said at last. “Scythe, release the harpies and let us move on, away from this territory. I have squirrels, and we can eat when we are a safe distance away. Then we can decide what to do next.”
“I can’t release them,” Scythe gritted. “I don’t control them. Garrett, do you hear what this friend of yours is spouting?”
Garrett couldn’t hear anything. His head was pounding so loudly that all he could hear was a dull, painful thump in his ears. His vision was blurring, and his knees were buckling. Nolan dropped his sword and caught Garrett just before he fell. “Garrett, listen to your kah,” he whispered. “Do you feel what Scythe is doing to you? He’s filling your head with nonsense, and he’s making you sick so you’ll believe it.”
“No,” Garrett moaned. His hot cheek felt good against the damp leather of Nolan’s jacket. “He can’t touch me. I know his true-name.”
Nolan almost dropped him. “You know his true-name? Then speak it and let’s be done with this!”
“No,” Garrett said again. Consciousness was slipping away. “I gave my word as a Ranger of the Light.”
Wren, meanwhile, was thinking furiously. If Garrett knew Scythe’s true-name, then this changed everything. He could scry it out of Garrett’s mind in an eye blink, and this battle would be as good as won. But such a scry would give Scythe momentary access to Wren’s mind, so Wren would have to be quick.
Wren made his decision. “Nolan, hold him steady,” he said, and he stepped forward and put both hands on either side of Garrett’s head. Then he nerved himself and dove in.
Garrett’s mind was a maelstrom of confusion and fear. Wren cast about desperately in the reddened darkness, hoping to find what he needed before Scythe found him and squashed him like an insect. Everything here was dark and confused; Scythe’s control over the ranger was immense and close to complete.
Wren darted down toward the center of Garrett’s mind. Images of Kaylie drifted by: Kaylie laughing, Kaylie dancing, Kaylie bleeding to death on the decorative stones behind her parents’ cottage. Kaylie’s mother still refused to replace those stones, though her brothers had offered to help her.
“That’s enough of that,” Scythe snarled, and in Garrett’s mind his voice boomed like the roar of a lion. Wren moved faster, sensing Scythe’s presence around him like a closing fist. If Scythe’s true-name were here, then Garrett would want to keep it close to him, as close as Kaylie’s memory.
Then Wren saw the name that Scythe had given, and his heart leaped with terror. He dashed up and out, hoping to get back to his body before the worst happened.
Wren awoke in a flash and pulled away from Garrett. His hands were red and swollen, as if they had been scalded. “Nolan, run!” he cried. “That’s not his true-name in there!” Without waiting for a reply, Wren grabbed Nolan by the arm and pulled him away with him, back into the forest. With the friendly trees on all sides, they might have a chance.
Scythe took his time. The traces of Garrett’s kah were still trailing after Wren like smoke from a fire; they would not get far. Scythe dismissed the harpies with a flip of his hand. Semiconscious, Garrett never noticed. More than a few of the unfortunate birds dropped to the ground, dead. Only the blood-wizard’s power had kept them in the air, and now Scythe had no further use for them. Wren’s kah glowed in his sight, and Scythe clenched his fists. This would be over very quickly.
Wren ran as fast as he could, half-dragging Nolan behind him. The trees were all around them now, but he could still sense Scythe behind them, gathering his strength to strike. The wizard’s power was like a developing thunderstorm, dark and full of potential violence. But where a thunderstorm is full of natural energy, created to clean the goddess’s realm, this storm was foul and ugly. It would not spend rain on them, but death. Wren’s heart pounded in his ears, and he fought to keep himself steady. Nolan needed him; he had to be strong for Nolan.
The gloves were off now. No more word games, no more sneaking and manipulation. Scythe was taking control of the situation.
“Nolan,” Wren said. “Hold on to me, and whatever happens, don’t let go.” He felt Nolan’s big hands grip and tighten on his shoulder, and he braced himself.
The blast of lightning-power nearly took them off their feet, and Nolan stumbled. His clothing smoldered, but he barely felt any pain. Wren paused to help him recover, and that was when Scythe cast his worst, what most wizards called the Destroyer.
The spell was a focused blast of mental energy that would separate both men from their kahs. The kah was the central source of all the body’s energy, and without it the body would wither, die, and disintegrate into dust within minutes. Only a wizard of equal or greater power could deflect the Destroyer, and Wren was no equal to Scythe.
Wren felt the blast coming, and he summoned all the power he had at his disposal. It wasn’t enough; he knew that it wasn’t enough, but it was their only chance. The gathering storm sharpened and deepened, and Wren summoned an answering blast. As the Destroyer swept over and into them, Wren prayed to the goddess for strength and threw his own paltry offense back at the spell. It felt like firing a crossbow bolt into a lightning storm. Nolan screamed.
The world around them turned white, then black, and Wren knew no more.
* * * * *
Krek and his pride flew as fast and as far as they could, sensing in their bones the coming attack. Sorca flew just behind Krek, keeping her thoughts dark and shielded. She disapproved of what Krek had done in speaking to the humans, that much was plain. What was less plain was what she intended to do next. She did not have the support of the pride—in fact, several of the younger females disliked her deeply—so she could not force Krek to be Outcast. That did not mean, though, that she was powerless.
Krek shivered as he felt the edges of what the human wizards called the Destroyer. It was not aimed at him and his pride, but as the spell passed he felt his kah wither slightly, and his wingbeats faltered. The others muttered and shivered among themselves, and he knew they felt it too.
Then Krek felt something else. It was another force, human but different. It wasn’t a blood-wizard. Female. A witch of some kind? Krek wasn’t sure what he was feeling. It made him think of newborn chicks and nesting mothers, but he could not say why. The female force touched the dry wind of the Destroyer spell. Then all was still.
When Krek and his pride landed, they fluffed their feathers and preened themselves nervously. Sorca’s wings flapped, and her hackles rose. See what happens when you speak to humans? she said nominally to Krek, but addressing the whole pride. Her golden eyes were like little burning suns.
No harm came to us, Krek said. And some of the harpies were saved.
You almost got us all killed by setting those humans against each other, she insisted.
Another gryphon snapped her beak. Be silent, Sorca, Irsa said. Those humans were already against each other.
He started them fighting right under our noses! Sorca said. They would have taken their battle elsewhere, and we would not have been threatened, had he not gotten involved.
Elsewhere, here, what difference does it make, yet another gryphon muttered. I just want to go back to the Coldfires and leave this and those wizards behind.
Finally, someone speaks sense, Sorca said, although the gryphon’s comment had not been an agreement. Are you ready to leave, Krek?
Krek hesitated. He really wasn’t. He was curious about the female force that had attempted to aid the humans, and he wanted to know if she had been successful. He was afraid of what the other wizard might do, but not afraid enough to run home to safety.
What was wrong with him? Sometimes he thought he wasn’t a proper gryphon at all. He was curious about these humans, more curious than afraid. He thought that there was something special going on here, something that he ought to be a part of. But it was all guesswork and feeling, not even proper instinct. Instinct was telling him to go home, hide in the ancient trees and hunt little-deer and forget this whole uncertain mess. Instinct had been against his bringing the pride this far south in the first place.
Sorca snapped her beak. Well?
Krek’s crest rose and fell uncertainly. I think we should stay, he said finally.
The other gryphons stared at him. Why? they asked in unison.
The human rangers I spoke to are not yet dead. They will be back, and they will fight the blood-wizard again. I think we should be nearby and aid them again if they need it.
Are you mad? Sorca cried. She hissed and clawed the ground in agitation. Speaking to humans is bad, but helping humans? What would your dam think?
The blood-wizard is a threat to us all, Krek said. I can smell him from here, and he smells of death. The men can fight him, and with our help they can kill him.
There was a long moment of silence as the pride absorbed his words. Sorca’s mind was made up; Krek could see that there was no convincing her. But the others were uncertain. Their instincts told them that they must go home, to the safety of the Coldfire Forest, but their instincts also told them to obey the pride leader implicitly and to trust his judgments. And they surely felt a trace of what Krek felt: that the blood-wizard was a very real threat, not only to them but to other creatures as well. There was a harpy nesting ground not far west of here; if the evil one took it into his head to destroy that, the flocks would be depleted. Harpies were unpleasant carrion-birds, but they were necessary. The Circle would suffer. Gryphons did not meditate on the balance of nature the way humans did, but only because they did not need to. They knew in their bones what humans only theorized about.
Finally, Irsa said, We follow you. You are pride leader.
The other gryphons bowed their beaks in agreement. The one lesser male, a barely fledged fellow named Jak, lowered his crest in an expression of obedience.
Krek felt a surge of pleasure at their expression of loyalty, until he saw Sorca. There was nothing loyal or loving in her eyes.
Krek pushed her out of his mind. There was nothing she could do on her own, and the pride still belonged to him. Then we stay, he said. We watch the humans; we wait and see what becomes of them. We can always flee if it gets too dangerous.
If we can out-fly lightning bolts, Sorca said with a low hiss, but a look from Krek quelled her. She was beautiful and intelligent, but she was also replaceable. She needed to remember that.
Chapter Nine
Nolan dreamed that he was floating down a warm stream on a hot day. Then sun beat down on his face and body, and Nolan realized that he was naked. He moved his hands back and forth in the tepid water, hearing the gentle splash. He kicked his feet and droplets of water flew everywhere, some landing on his mouth. It tasted of salt, and it was warm as a bath. Streams should not taste of tears, he thought.
The sky overhead was bright and cloudless, and Nolan could not look up for very long for the brightness. It was such a pale blue that there was almost no color to it at all. He turned his head from side to side, looking for solid ground. The banks of the stream were just a few body lengths away on both sides, and Nolan could see fresh grass and yellow flowers growing on the banks. He was an excellent swimmer, but he was afraid to turn his body over and swim. Somehow he knew that he would lose his balance and drown if he moved around too much.
What he was floating in was not water, and the sky over him was not the sky. Nolan did not know how he knew this, but it was as true in his heart as his own name. He was in Limbo, or possibly some netherworld between the real world and the Other Havens. He was probably dead, and that made him a little sad. Was Wren dead, too? Nolan hoped that he still lived, but at the same time he would miss his friend if he were not here in the afterlife with him.
Nolan was flowing head-first with the stream, and he knew not where he was going. The farther and faster he traveled in the warm water-that-was-not-water, the less he cared about where he fetched up.
“Nolan!”
That sounded like Wren. Nolan frowned and tried to look for him, but the water was moving faster now and it was getting a little rough. He turned his head to the left, but warm water splashed him in the face and stung his eyes. He could barely see the bank of the stream, but he thought that it did not look as green and pretty as it had a moment ago.
“Nolan, slow down! I’m losing you!”
That was Wren. “I’m here, Wren,” Nolan called. “Where are you?”
“Nolan.” The voice was right next to his ear. Nolan turned his head, risking a face full of water, and saw his friend, hovering over the water just a few inches from his face. His dark eyes were almost black with worry. “Nolan, I’m losing you. Don’t you dare leave me out here alone.”
“I couldn’t do that,” Nolan said. “I dragged you out here. We need to stick together and see this thing through.”
“Just stay with me. We’re really close, just don’t let go.”
White, cold hands snaked around Nolan’s throat and squeezed. “You’re mine,” Scythe whispered. His cold breath smelled of blood.
The water flowed faster.

Nolan awoke on the cold ground at night. Wren was sitting cross-legged on the ground next to him with his hands folded in his lap. He looked as though he had been praying.
“What happened?” Nolan asked thickly. He felt like he was speaking through a mouthful of dry sand. His head ached as though he had hit it on a boulder.
“I’m not sure yet,” Wren said. He reached out and touched Nolan’s shoulder briefly. “But you’re back, at least.”
Nolan pulled himself slowly to a sitting position. His head throbbed like a pulsing muscle. “Where are we?” he asked. It was dark all around them, and Nolan could not see the trees that had surrounded them before.
Wren frowned. “Look around,” he said. “Then maybe you can tell me.”
Nolan obeyed, puzzled. They were sitting on hard-packed earth with no trees or other greenery anywhere to be seen. The sky overhead was dark and starless. Nolan thought that they must be on an island of some kind because the ground seemed to taper off after a few body lengths on any side. The water was dark and silent.
“Look closer,” Wren said quietly.
Nolan glanced at him curiously, but he scooted closer to the edge of the island and looked down into the dark water.
A cool breeze brushed Nolan’s hair. There was no water. There was nothing around their tiny island but empty space.
Nolan screamed and scrambled away from the edge. Wren grabbed his arms and held on tight. “I know,” he said.
Nolan laid himself down on the cold ground and tried to cling to it with all four limbs. “There’s nothing there,” he whimpered. “How did we get here? What happened? Where’s the ground? What happened to us?”
Wren squeezed his arm. “I know,” he said again. Then he fell silent, as if he were pondering what to say next.
“Are we dead?” Nolan asked. He loosened his grip on the ground, but he did not try to sit up.
“No,” Wren said, looking around. “I’ve experimented, and we are definitely in our physical bodies. We aren’t dead, nor are we in Limbo.”
“Are you sure?” Nolan asked, daring to lift his head a little.
“If we weren’t in our bodies, we wouldn’t feel pain,” Wren said, and he pinched his ear hard. Nolan jerked his head away with a curse.
“You can’t feel fear, either,” Wren added. “Not the sort of fear you’re feeling now. Wherever we are, we are alive and whole.”
“But for how long?” Nolan asked. There was a pause.
“At the risk of sounding like a superstitious fool—“ Wren began, then stopped.
“Go on,” Nolan said. He propped himself up on his elbows, but he felt no desire to rise farther. The darkness was completely featureless on all sides and there was very little breeze, but there was a crawling sensation in Nolan’s chest and gut that made him feel as though he were falling. It was unnerving, to say the least.
“I think we’re in the Place Between.”
“That’s ridiculous.” Nolan spoke without thinking. “The Place Between is a myth, a tale told to explain the inexplicable. Nobody past the age of ten believes that it exists.”
“What is this, then?” Wren asked, sweeping his arm outward. “This is as inexplicable as I’ve ever experienced.”
Nolan fell silent. The Place Between was a tale told to young children, the basis for many an old myth and cautionary tale. All the gods had come out of the Place Between at the dawn of the world, and monsters were born there as well. Mortals who had displeased the gods were cast into the darkness to fend off the evil creatures there for as long as they could. It was a black featureless void from which nothing escaped, not even light or sound.
“What about this ground, then?” Nolan asked. He tapped the cold earth beneath them. “The Place Between is supposed to be nothing, made of nothing. We should be falling through space if we were there.” Involuntarily he shuddered at the image his own words had conjured. What a horror, to fall and fall forever with no end, no merciful sudden death. Nolan lowered his head to the hard packed earth.
“I don’t know,” Wren said. “I don’t know how this is possible, and I don’t know how Scythe could have come by such power. If the Place Between is real, then only the gods should have access to it, not a mortal wizard. But it’s the only boot that fits. We’re not in Limbo, nor the Other Havens. We’re still alive and in our bodies. Somehow we were sent here, likely by accident. Scythe surely meant to kill us when he cast the Destroyer, not send us away.”
Very slowly, Nolan lifted his head again. He found that if he kept his eyes downcast and focused on his own hands, then he could pull back up into a sitting position. “What can we do?” he asked. “Have you ever heard a tale wherein the hero escaped the Place Between?”
“No,” Wren said, dashing Nolan’s frail hopes. “I don’t know what we can do.”
They sat in silence and fell through the dark.
After an eternity of silence, Nolan asked, “What do you suppose has become of Garrett now?”
“I believe that he is either dead or completely turned,” Wren said. “I know now how Scythe was able to deceive him and get into his mind so easily. There is no way to save him now, even if we were free of this place.”
“Tell me what happened,” Nolan said.
“Scythe gave Garrett a Word of Power and made him believe that it was Scythe’s own true-name. Words, normal words, are windows into one’s mind, but Words of Power act more as a key in a lock. Garrett thought that he held Scythe hostage with his true-name, but in fact the Word gave all power to Scythe.”
“What was the Word? Can you speak it aloud, safely?”
Wren hesitated. “I likely can, here, but I’d rather not unless there is need. I don’t think that the Word would be any danger to you should you merely hear it, but—“
“That’s all right,” Nolan said. “I’m not that curious.”
There was a long pause. “So what happens now?” Nolan asked.
Wren shrugged slowly. There was nothing else he could say. The silence lengthened, then deepened.
* * * * *
Scythe eyed the gouged earth where the interlopers’ bodies by all rights should be crumbling into reddish dust before his eyes. They were completely gone—Scythe did not sense them nearby, nor did he detect the use of transport magic—but they had not disappeared the way Scythe had expected. There should be little piles of dust and dry bone scattered on the ground. And the ground should not be gouged so. It looked as though someone had scooped the rangers up in a giant spoon and carried them away.
Scythe’s brow furrowed. This should not have happened. Was that little Wren a more powerful wizard than he’d thought? He closed his eyes and felt outward with his othersense, looking for the two glowing kahs that belonged to Nolan and Wren. When his own kah faltered a trifle, worn out from what he had done today, he drew on Garrett’s kah without a second thought. The ranger groaned deeply, feeling the pain even in unconsciousness, but Scythe’s mind was on other things.
At last he opened his eyes. There was no sign of Wren or Nolan anywhere in the Many Kingdoms. It was possible that Wren was shielding them both, but unlikely. After what Scythe had just thrown at them, it would be unlikely for either of them to be conscious, let alone alive. Scythe shook his head. It was a puzzle. But it was a relief to have them out of the way. Now he could go to work on Garrett in earnest.
A flicker of uncertainty danced in the back of Scythe’s mind, but he did his best to ignore it. Even if they returned this very moment, Garrett would still be his. There was nothing they could do after what Scythe had done to the ranger’s mind.
Garrett lay prone on the ground, showing few signs of life. Scythe eased up on his mind a trifle, and the man stirred. “Oh,” he groaned, blinking. “What happened?”
Scythe rubbed his eyes, reddening them. Then he squatted down and said quietly, “Garrett, I’ve bad tidings.”
Garrett looked up to see Scythe very close to him, his eyes bright and bloodshot. “What happened?” he repeated.
Scythe fetched a deep sigh. “Your ranger friends were taken by the Beast while you were unconscious,” he said. “When he saw that the ploy with the harpies would not work, he came himself. Both Nolan and Wren are gone now. I am sorry.”
“The Beast was here?” Garrett tried to climb to his feet, but then stumbled back to his knees. His head was swimming hotly, and he felt as though the world were spinning around him. “Were you able to scry out his name?”
“Alas, no. I was too busy trying to keep your friends out of his clutches—“
“What?” Garrett swung clumsily at Scythe, which Scythe dodged easily. “You should have let him take them! Nothing is more important than capturing the Beast’s true-name and destroying him!”
Scythe stepped back with an expression of dismay, but inwardly he was dancing for joy. Garrett was his.
* * * * *
“I’m going to go have a look around,” Wren said. “Perhaps I can find another island or even a gateway out of here. After all, if people knew enough to describe it, then someone must have escaped.”
“Wren, are you mad? What happens to me if you get lost out there?”
“The alternative is to sit here and starve to death slowly,” Wren replied. “I won’t get lost, Nolan. Your kah is like a beacon to me; I always know where you are.”
Wren stepped to the edge of the island, took one look back at Nolan, and stepped off into the dark. Nolan whimpered involuntarily. It was neither manly nor seemly, but he did not want to be left alone in the silent dark. Nolan glanced up and then quickly looked back at his hands. No stars. If only there were stars above him, the surrounding darkness would be easier to bear.
Wren hadn't been gone more than a candlemark, but in Nolan’s frightened mind it felt like most of a day, if not a week. It did not help that there was no way to judge time passage in this place. There was no sun or moon overhead, no shadows, no animals or birds to watch and speak with to alleviate the boredom. Nolan’s head ached, and he wanted Wren to come back.
There was a rustle from above, and Wren landed next to him with a soft thump. “This place is not completely empty,” he reported. “I have seen other islands, floating in nothingness like ours. Most were bare or had only bones or rotting corpses, but one creature I saw seemed to be alive.”
“What was it?” Nolan asked. “Was it someone who could help us?”
“I don’t know. I felt my power failing, and I had to come back. I only caught a glimpse of him, but he appeared to be a dwarf.”
“How did a dwarf end up here?” Nolan asked.
“How did we end up here?” Wren returned. “Perhaps if we knew the answer to one, we’d know the answer to the other.”
Nolan said nothing. Wren continued, “As soon as I get my strength back, I’ll fly straight to his island and talk to him. Perhaps together we can find a way out of here.”
“You can use my kah if you need to,” Nolan offered.
Wren was touched. It was an act of real trust to offer one’s kah to another. It was brave of Nolan to make such an offer, even to a childhood friend. “I thank you,” Wren said, “but it won’t be necessary. I know exactly where I’m going now instead of casting about, so I’ll get there and back with power to spare.” He sat on the ground and closed his eyes for a moment or two, gathering his strength, and then he disappeared into the darkness.
The silence thrummed in Nolan’s ears while he waited for Wren to return. Dwarves were goodly folk, he thought, but they were touchy as well, and few of them cared much for humans. It was anyone’s guess how this one would react to Wren’s approach—with relief? Disgust?—or if he was in any shape to even respond. Wren had said that the dwarf was alive, but not if he was in good health. Nolan began to worry as the candlemarks crawled by. He was too afraid still to stand and pace, but he wiggled his fingers and tugged at his hair as he waited.
Finally Wren reappeared, hovering next to the island. He had a huge bundle of rags in his arms. He dropped the bundle onto the island, and the bundle twitched. A hairy hand fell into view. Then Wren dropped to the ground next to it.
“Is he alive?” Nolan asked.
“Barely,” Wren said. “He’s badly dehydrated and half-starved. He must have been out here for at least a week, maybe more. He’s also hurt, as though he were fighting something before he got here, or perhaps after he arrived. He needs water and healing. And quickly.”
“What can we do?”
Wren thought for a moment. “I can heal him,” he said, “but without water and food he will sicken again quickly. His body is nearing the limits of endurance, even for a dwarf.”
Nolan knew that; to his othersense the dwarf’s kah was like a guttering candle instead of the bright flame it should be. He was almost done for. Nolan lowered his head and prayed silently.
Wren was pained. Nolan’s gift of empathy was almost a burden at times; he felt the hurts of others as if they were his own. Perhaps Wren should have left the dwarf where he was and told Nolan that he had already died. Nolan would not care too see another innocent creature die before them. But Wren’s heart was not of stone either, and he could not have abandoned the dwarf any more than Nolan could.
Nolan climbed slowly to his feet. His legs tingled and burned from sitting in one position for so long. “We need to get out of here,” he said, hobbling slightly as feeling returned to his feet and toes. “Do you know any spells that might show us the way?” He felt as though he might topple off the island at any moment, but he forced his fear away. If he stumbled, Wren would catch him easily. It was one of the things Wren did.
Wren shook his head. “I wish this was like the tales we used to read, in which wizards could do any magic with a wave of the hand. If this were a tale, I could wriggle my nose and a door would open to lead us back home. Unfortunately, real magic requires time and energy, both of which are in short supply at the moment.” He looked around, as close to despair as he ever had been in his life.
Nolan snapped his fingers. “What about the ley-lines? We can access them from anywhere in the natural world, and perhaps they can tell us something that our senses cannot.”
Wren nodded, feeling foolish that he had not thought of it himself. At last they had something, though it might turn out to be nothing. It was something to do, something to hope for. Wren hated the lost, aimless feeling he’d had ever since waking up here.
Nolan thought about sitting down for the experiment, but his feet and behind were still numb and tingling, so he stayed on his feet. He put his hand on Wren’s shoulder, partly to steady himself and partly for reassurance. Nolan closed his eyes and searched outward with his othersense, seeking out those thin lines of power that crisscrossed the world. Beside him, he felt Wren doing the same.
What he found was peculiar and a little frightening. There were no ley-lines, at least not that Nolan could see. All he could find were glowing buds of power that drifted here and there like the island they stood on. Such buds were common in the world; they were places where the lines intersected. But here there were no lines at all, just the buds.
Ley-lines were as much a constant in the natural world as breathable air. Nolan did not know what to make of this. It was as if he had awoken one morning to find that the sky had turned bright purple, or green. Nolan was too tired and confused to even feel any fear, at least so far.
If they had somehow traveled outside the boundaries of the natural world, then they should be dead. Perhaps Wren was mistaken when he had said that they were still in their bodies.
Nolan lurched and stumbled to his knees. It might have been vertigo brought on by his confusion, but it felt as though the island under their feet had tilted. Nolan slowly lowered himself to the ground and pressed his face into the cool dirt. What would happen if they moved too much and this island tilted, tumbling them off into space? Nolan shuddered and closed his eyes. This was too much. In his mind he knew that it was impossible for Wren to fall anywhere, but that did not stop the fear from surging up in Nolan’s guts about himself falling.
Wren remained on his feet. “That was odd,” he said.
“Did it really move? Then it wasn’t in my head?” Nolan shivered. “I can’t take much more of this. I feel so—so adrift.”
“When I touched the bud, the island moved,” Wren said.
Nolan looked up at him. Wren’s face was impassive, as though he feared to show too much hope. “You can touch the buds? You can tap them, like full wizards?”
“Touch them, but not tap them. I never progressed that far in my studies. I don’t think I’m powerful enough for that sort of spell work, anyway. Master Raven must not have thought so, or he never would have let me leave. But Nolan, touching the buds made the island move. What if that’s the way to get us back home?”
“I don’t understand.” But hope was dawning.
Wren sat down on the ground, and Nolan pulled himself up to sit next to him. “Take my hand,” Wren said, “and hold the dwarf with your other. Concentrate on where we want to go, and maybe the buds will take us there.”
“Where do we want to go?” Nolan asked. “We should both concentrate on exactly the same image, so we don’t lose each other.”
Wren hesitated, and Nolan saw indecision on his face. As long as they had known each other, Nolan could all but read his milk-brother’s thoughts. Wren wanted to go home. He wanted to leave Garrett to his fate and return to his regular duties. But he knew that Nolan wanted him to keep trying, and he did not want to seem disloyal. Finally, Wren said, “Back to the spot where we left Garrett and Scythe, to the clearing near the forest where we met the gryphon. We can decide where to go once we return to the place we left.”
Nolan nodded. This was no guarantee that Wren would agree to keep going after Garrett, but at least he had not insisted that they return to Hermitage. Nolan closed his eyes and concentrated on that clearing, visualizing the blooming shrubs and bustling life that inhabited that clean place. He felt Wren’s hand take his, and with his other hand he reached for and found the dwarf. The dwarf’s own hand was huge, as big as Nolan’s own and far meatier. Such a strong, calloused hand should not feel so cold and dead.
“Here we go,” Wren said, and the blood-red darkness behind Nolan’s eyes turned pink, then white.
Chapter 10
The island tilted horribly, and Nolan clenched both hands in panic. He felt Wren wince, but he could not loosen his grip. The ground beneath his feet was swaying, and his stomach was churning with fear. Nolan would have opened his eyes to get his bearings, but the white light still shone and he was afraid that it would blind him.
There was a frightening sensation of being pulled forward at a breakneck pace, as if he were being dragged through the air by a galloping stallion. Nolan pulled up his knees and tried to make himself as small as possible. He kept in his head the vision of where he wanted to be: that open space near the forest where gryphons did not fear humans. They sped forward faster and faster, and Nolan squeezed his eyes tight and prayed that this would be over quickly.
Then something hard slammed into Nolan’s face. His nose flattened as though he had been punched, but punched by something huge and flat that bore no resemblance to a fist. Nolan coughed, trying to catch his breath. The white light in his eyes faded to pink, then red. Nolan cautiously opened one eye. All he could see was the bundle that was the dwarf’s unconscious body. “Did it work?” he asked.
“Sort of,” Wren said. Nolan realized that Wren was gripping his hand as tightly as Nolan was holding Wren’s. He opened both eyes and looked up.
They were in the meadow that Nolan had envisioned, but Nolan saw right away the cause for Wren’s fear. Nolan slowly let go of Wren and reached for his sword.
Nolan was a ranger, well-versed in the nature of every animal and plant that lived in this world. What lay before them, slurping and oozing like a horrible slug, was not of this world. Nolan was sure of it.
It was huge, at least as big as a centaur. It was hard for Nolan to gauge its true size because the entire body roiled and oozed like rotted flesh come horribly to life. One huge gelatinous eye rolled and peered at them, and dozens of green-black tentacles slithered outward from its horrible pulsating body. One tentacle brushed a nearby flower, and the plant instantly withered and turned black. Nolan could smell the monster, a dark wet stench, like rotting leaves.
“I think something followed us back,” Wren whispered.
“What in Diana’s name is that?” Nolan asked. “We can’t send it back, and I’m not sure we can kill it.” He was drawing his sword as he spoke, but at the same time he felt horribly inadequate. It felt as though he were drawing a paring knife to fight a dragon. The creature felt unnatural and alien to Nolan, like something that looked like an animal and acted like an animal but was actually something frighteningly different. It had no kah that Nolan could feel, nothing that he could touch with his othersense.
“And what of the dwarf?” Wren asked. “If we run from it, what will happen to the dwarf?”
Nolan glanced down at the helpless bundle, whose hand was still lying motionless. Something about that hand seemed sad and vulnerable, like a lost child. They could not leave the poor creature here, to die at the tentacles of the unnatural horror.
There was really no question of running away. Nolan could sense a spiritual coldness about the monster, as if it were draining the warmth out of the air. It was some sort of kah-leech, and if they fled from it, the monster would find other creatures—creatures far more helpless—to kill and consume. They were rangers, protectors of nature, and it was their sworn duty to deal with things such as this. Although Nolan doubted that any ranger in the history of humankind had ever dealt with something exactly like this.
“I have an idea,” Wren said. He grabbed Nolan by the arm and jumped up and back. Nolan shouted with fear when he felt the ground fall away beneath him, and he clutched at Wren with his free hand. His sword swung wildly, and the tentacled horror moved to follow their progress through the air. Its huge black eye rolled obscenely.
Wren landed in a thick maple tree, and Nolan slammed heavily into the smooth trunk. He wrapped his free arm around the body of the tree and turned toward the monster. “I didn’t know you could carry people like that,” he said.
Wren stood on a branch about a head higher than Nolan. He braced himself against the trunk with one hand and drew his crossbow with the other. His movements were as quick and sure in the tree as they were on the ground. “I can only do it for a moment,” he said. His face and form were calm, but his voice was strained and breathless. “It uses up a lot of power. But we’ve bought ourselves some time.”
A moment was all they had, for the horror was already sliding toward them, leaving a slimy trail of green behind it. The grass and flowers it oozed over died and blackened instantly behind it. Wren took careful aim through the leaves of the tree and fired at the huge central eye. The bolt struck true, embedded in the white of the eye and bringing blood to the fore. The monster’s waving tentacles writhed faster, and Nolan felt encouraged. It felt pain; if it could be hurt, it could be killed.
Wren loaded and fired again, and then again. Black darts appeared all around its pupil, but the monster was still sliding across the ground at them. It was drawing closer, and despite the pain Wren had inflicted it was still strong, still determined to get to them. Nolan started to get scared again. If it were a kah-leech, then the two rangers must look like fat, full-blooded fish to it. It had no interest in its surroundings; they were what it had followed here, and they were its chosen meal. Nolan swallowed and tightened his grip on his sword. He might die fighting this thing, but there was a good chance that Wren and the dwarf would get away. Oh gods he did not want to think how that death would feel. Swallowed by slimy tentacles, absorbed into that horrible green mass, shivering colder and colder as his kah drained away…Nolan bit himself hard on the tongue, forcing the grotesque thoughts away before he panicked himself. The pain in his mouth brought him back to sanity, just barely.
The monster lashed out with one tentacle and wrapped it around the base of the tree. Blood still trickled from the wounds in its eye, but the monster did not seem weakened by them. The tentacle began to slide upward.
“Nolan can I use your kah?” Wren asked. “I think I know how to beat this thing, but I need help. I don’t have the strength for the spell on my own.”
Nolan’s grip on the tree was tightening. He could barely feel his sword clenched in one numb-white fist. Wren was welcome to everything Nolan had, but he did not have much. Fear was making him expend energy wildly, and unlike the blood-wizard Wren did not know how to capture and harness that fear.
Wren had one last crossbow bolt in one hand and a small carving knife in the other. Very carefully—temporarily shutting out the monster below them and the dwarf beyond, who might or might not be beyond all help—Wren carved a tiny swirling rune in the wooden shaft. He had no salt with which to purify it, so he settled for running his fingers along its length and praying to every god and goddess he could think of, paying particular attention to Berchta, the Goddess of Lost Souls. Then came the tricky part.
Wren had very little strength left after the journey back from the Place Between; his kah was almost empty. He gently tapped Nolan’s kah, but his reserves, too, were woefully inadequate. Nolan looked up when he felt Wren’s spirit touch his. He didn’t know what Wren was attempting, but he knew that it was their last chance. The horror now had several tentacles wrapped around the trunk of the tree, and they were sliding up toward them. Nolan closed his eyes, his face contorting into a grimace.
Wren gathered as much strength as he safely could and pushed it into the tiny wooden shaft. The swirling rune glowed blue for a moment, then faded. It was not enough. They were going to die.
Then something strange happened. Wren felt someone touch him—not his physical body, but his kah. It was someone strong, strong enough to be a Light-wizard. It was also someone female, and that puzzled Wren. He knew several female rangers, but none who were also wizards like himself. Wren glanced around, but he saw nobody. The unknown female force was touching his kah with clumsy strength, like a toddler petting a puppy. Then he felt her force pouring into his kah, replenishing his power. Wren gripped the carved crossbow shaft with more confidence. With this extra power, he had enough for what he intended to do.
Wren pushed the new force, which tasted like golden nectar in his mind, into the shaft. The rune glowed brighter now, a brilliant blue-silver. Wren loaded the shaft and took careful aim, straight at the monster’s abyss-black pupil. Then he fired.
The shaft flew straight and true, and as it went Wren sent up one last prayer to Berchta. When it disappeared into the depths of the monster’s eye, Wren thought at first that he had failed. The horror flinched at the pain as it had at the others, but it had no other effect.
Then the horror exploded. Huge chunks of green, oozing flesh blew everywhere, and its many tentacles flew in all directions. The eye itself was completely obliterated. All that remained was a blood-tinged puddle of what looked like congealed egg whites. One tentacle chunk landed close enough to the dwarf to touch his rags.
Nolan let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He sheathed his sword and started to climb down. “That was incredible,” he said. “How did you—“
“Look out!” Wren shouted. Nolan jumped and lost his balance. The branch he was standing on swayed dangerously, and the grounded tilted up at him. Nolan flailed with both hands and managed to grab a slender branch with his left. With his right hand he reached for and found a thicker branch that would support his weight, and for a moment he did nothing but dangle there, shivering.
“Look down,” Wren said in a quieter tone.
Nolan looked and immediately saw what had frightened Wren. The tentacles wrapped around the tree were not dead or even dying. They still hung onto the trunk with single-minded tenacity, and Nolan thought he saw one squirm upward a trifle.
“I think that slime is poisonous,” Wren said. “Look around.”
Nolan saw what he meant. Everywhere the horror had touched, every plant that the green chunks had come in contact with, were now dead and black. The tree the rangers clung to was turning brittle under their hands, and as Nolan watched several leaves turned brown and fell to the ground. Thankfully the tentacle that touched the dwarf’s rags seemed to have no effect on the dead cloth. Likely the dwarf was too far gone to attract the attention of the kah-leech, anyway.
“We’re still in trouble,” Nolan said.
I can help, a voice said in their minds.
Wren thought at first that it was the unknown female that had helped him before, but he quickly changed his mind. This voice was definitely male, and it was not human. And it felt familiar.
A tawny leonine shape appeared in the tree next to them, a few body-lengths away. I think, the voice added. Its golden wings flapped uncertainly.
“The gryphon,” Wren said.
“How can you help?” Nolan asked. “We need any aid you can offer, of course, but we don’t want you to put yourself in danger. That monster down there is still deadly, even after Wren killed it.”
More gryphons appeared in the trees around them, at least half a dozen that Nolan could see. They were all shades of gold, like the first. Some were the dark honey-gold of freshly mined rock, others a pale blonde that reminded Nolan of the painting of his ma that dominated Pa’s mantelpiece. Ma’s hair had been fair as Nolan’s own and as wispy as down. Only one other gryphon had a feathery crest like that of the talkative one; Nolan thought that the crest must be an indication of gender.
There was a heavy flapping sound, and a charcoal-grey female dropped into view. She landed and balanced easily on the branch closest to the male who had first spoken to them. Her wings were spread to their fullest span, pushing the foliage aside, and her beak was hanging open in a pant. In eagles, such behavior was a sign of severe stress or agitation.
Friends with the enemy, the female said to the others. This is what comes of breaking the Law. Now we have this mess to clean up, this mess these humans have brought to us!
“I’m sorry,” Wren said to her. “Had we known that there was a monster following us out of the Place Between, we would not have come here.”
The female spun about and launched herself at Wren. All four of the female gryphon's limbs slammed into the tree trunk to Wren’s left and right, pinning him with her body. Her enormous beak clicked and hissed less than an inch from his unblinking brown eyes. Do not speak to me, human, she said. Nolan could almost see her thoughts, and they were dark and bloody.
Then she stepped back and turned to the male. You have broken the Law, she said. Twice now you have broken the Law of Silence. You should be Outcast.
Only the pride leader can make Outcast, the male said. I, the leader, can only be Outcast by all the pride together. Do you all agree with my ambitious mate? he asked the others. None of them had yet spoken.
There was a long silence, during which Nolan was conscious of his tiring grip and the dying tree. The tentacles that gripped the tree still showed no signs of letting go, and as Nolan watched they inched up again.
They do not all agree, the male said at last.
The female snapped her beak and flew off in a flurry of feathers the color of burnt coal. The others remained, cocking their heads and peering at the humans uncertainly.
You can go, the pride leader said. Fly and hide, and I will help the humans.
There was a general grumble of dissent. One of them, a pale-furred female, said, You stay, we stay. Pride is all.
The leader’s crest rose and fell like a nod. Perhaps he had expected this reaction and had made the offer for form’s sake.
Wren was following the interchange among the gryphons closely, but Nolan had almost forgotten they were there. The tentacles were now less than an arm’s length away from his boot, and his hands were sweating with fear.
No fear, human man, the voice in his head reassured him. We will help you.
The pride leader swept down and landed on the ground next to their tree. Careful to avoid the green slime trail, he spread his wings and stabbed each of the tentacles three times with his beak. A mixture of dark blood and green ichor oozed out of the puncture wounds, and Nolan turned his face away from the rotten smell that wafted up.
Watch, the gryphon said.
The oozing tentacles drew back from Nolan’s shaking boot, then they slowly let go of the tree and dropped to the ground. Nolan and Wren watched as they slowly curled up into three small balls that darkened to black before their eyes.
The rest of the gryphons spread out and followed their leader’s example. They stayed in the trees as much as they could, only landing briefly to stab a tentacle or a chunk of flesh, then returning to the safety of the branches above. One or two of them watched the two rangers closely, anxiously, as if they expected the humans to try to kill them while their heads were turned. For all Nolan knew, that was exactly what they expected. Gryphon mothers likely told their chicks tales in the nest the way humans told each other ghost stories at the hearth.
“How are you killing them?” Wren asked. “You aren’t just stabbing them; you’re doing something else.”
We’re cutting off their kah-flow, the leader said, by tracing where the energy is flowing into it and destroying it. But it only works when the brain is dead. When it’s alive, it can find another channel and stay alive.
Wren reached down and touched Nolan’s shoulder. “The dwarf,” he said. “We can help him now.” Nolan’s stomach lurched as Wren tugged him away from the safety of the tree and into midair. He tried not to whimper, but he hung on tightly to Wren’s hand as he was pulled across and over the blackening body of the kah-leech. In a moment they were standing beside the dwarf’s body, Wren panting and out of breath once again.
The dwarf still hadn’t moved. Nolan feared for a moment that the dwarf had finally given up and entered the darkest curve of the Circle, but closer inspection showed that the dwarf still breathed, shallowly.
Wren knelt down and took the dwarf’s cold hand in both of his. “Put your hands over mine,” he said to Nolan. “I’ll need your help for this.”
Nolan obeyed. Wren closed his eyes and once again Nolan felt his milk-brother’s kah reach for his. Now that he wasn’t half-mad with panic, Nolan was better able to help him. Together, they fed energy into the dwarf’s earthy kah, and slowly they felt the dwarf respond.
Wren pulled the rags away from the dwarf’s face and head, and the dwarf coughed. “Water,” he croaked.
“We have no water,” Nolan said, alarmed. “Our flasks are empty.”
Follow me, the pride leader said. He led them—Nolan walking with drawn sword and Wren carrying the semiconscious dwarf—deeper into the forest to a small spring about a body-length across. Frogs peeped with alarm and leaped into the water in droves, so they knew the spring water was safe to drink.
Wren laid the dwarf on the ground with his head propped up near the water. He scooped up a handful and tried to feed the dwarf, but the dwarf knocked it away feebly. “Not—crippled,” he coughed. Then, with a great effort, the dwarf rolled himself over and plunged his entire head into the spring. Nolan started forward to pull him out, fearing he would drown, but Wren held him back. It made sense that a dweller of the deep earth should be able to hold his breath for long stretches of time. Earthquakes happened, after all, and so did cave-ins and avalanches.
The gryphon left them at that point, telling them that he had to return to his pride. “Thank you for all your help,” Wren said. “Whenever it is possible, we hope to return the favor.”
The pride leader took off without a reply, plainly thinking that unlikely.
Several long minutes later, the dwarf pulled his sopping, hairy head out of the spring. “That’s better,” he said. He coughed once into his fist. He turned and studied the two rangers for a moment. “I suppose I owe you thanks,” he said. “It was you who pulled me out of there, wasn’t it?”
“Yes, good dwarf, but no thanks are needed,” Wren said. “Nolan and I are Rangers of the Light, and—“
“Yes, yes, of course, those meddling warrior-priest-wizard folk. Humans are all busybodies, but you lot are the worst. I know all about you.” The dwarf shrugged. “Well, I’ve kept stranger company in my day. What are your names? And give me none of that flowery-formal gibberish, please. Just your names will do.”
The dwarf’s manner was rough, but Nolan found himself warming to the little fellow nonetheless. “I’m Nolan, and this is Wren,” he said.
“Grundhelm,” the dwarf said, thumping his chest. “Formerly Grundhelm Battlemore, before I was cast out of my clan. Now it’s just Grundhelm. Do you have any food?”
* * * * *
Rose and Fern looked down at their sister’s sleeping form. “Tell me again what she said,” Rose commanded.
“She said that a bad dream took Garrett away—“ Fern began.
“She mentioned Garrett by name?” Rose asked sharply.
“No, she just said the ranger, but who else could she mean?”
“Don’t you remember the two that stopped in downstairs? They were rangers, too. Serious as death, and they didn’t eat much. The dark one left all the money he had as a tip, as if he didn’t expect to come back.”
“How did you know it was all the money he had?” Fern asked, momentarily distracted. She remembered the two, of course; she had attempted to flirt with the blonde one, but it had gone nowhere. Rose had cleaned up after them while Fern dressed and bathed Lily. But she didn’t think that either of those was the ranger Lily had referred to.
“He upended his money pouch on the table, oh brilliant one. Now what else did Lily say?”
“She said something about them, too,” Fern said suddenly. “She said something about two good dreams going after the bad dream, and she wanted to help them. I couldn’t understand her; I thought it was just more silly-talk.”
“Did she say how she intended to help them?”
“I don’t think so.” Fern barely remembered her sister’s last words to her. She’d thought little of it as she’d left Lily’s room and gone about her business in the tavern downstairs; pouring drinks and fending off drunks was busy and distracting work. But her worry had resurfaced the following morning, when she’d come in to change Lily’s linens and found her still sleeping in the same position. Lily almost never slept the whole night through; she normally snoozed for two or three hours at a stretch, like an infant. It wasn’t unusual for her to doze off in the middle of an afternoon, but it was unusual for her to stay asleep into the following day.
Fern had summoned her mother, who had consulted the local doctor. Old Glick, a kindly man with a touch of wizard’s power, had come to Lily’s room to examine her. He had determined her to be in good health, but something about the young woman’s kah told Glick that she ought not to be disturbed. He had advised Fern and Mum to watch her closely and summon him if she showed signs of dehydration. Fern had fretted over Lily ever since, and she had recently been joined by Rose.
Only Violet appeared unfazed, but Rose and Fern both knew that was an act. She had thrown herself into her work at the inn, taking on the hardest jobs and heaviest loads, even staying extra shifts so that Fern could stay with Lily. Violet was by far the most emotional of all of them, but she buried it deep and hid it behind a wall of busy work.
Mum bustled in then, her arms full of clean sheets for the other tenants. “Still sleeping?” she asked.
“Still sleeping, still breathing,” Rose said. “You’d think that there was nothing at all wrong with her.”
“For all we know, there is nothing wrong,” Mum said. She dropped the laundry on the floor and started to fold the sheets one by one. “Glick seemed to think that we should let her be, that she’ll wake up on her own when she’s good and ready. But I wish I were a witch, so I could see for myself what’s going on in that simple little brain of hers.”
Fern took the other end of a large sheet Mum was folding and helped her compact it into a neat shape. “I know what you mean, Mum,” she said. “I can’t shake the feeling that she did this to herself somehow, that she’s worked some kind of magic. But I don’t know for sure, and it’s making my head hurt.”
Just then, Lily’s eyes opened. “I did it,” she said sleepily. “I’m thirsty.”
Rose rushed downstairs to fetch a pitcher of water, and Fern sat down on the bed and tried to help her rise. Lily’s body was damp with sweat on one side, and there were red creases on her face where she had lain. Rose came back within moments with a pitcher and a clay cup.
Lily took the cup from her sister and drank deeply. “I added some ginger, to soothe her stomach,” Rose told Mum. “Just in case she’s ill.”
“Lily, what happened?” Fern whispered in Lily’s ear.
“I helped them fight a monster,” Lily whispered back. “They needed me, and I helped them.”
“Well, that’s good,” Mum said. Her voice had taken on the soothing cant that Fern remembered from her childhood from when she would sometimes wake the entire house with bad dreams. Dreams, she remembered, about monsters. “Now we can go have some lunch, and you can tell us about it, okay?”
Lily shook her head. “I’m sorry, Mum,” she said. “I have to keep watch, in case they need me again. Please don’t worry, Mum. I’ll be okay. More water, please, Rose.”
Rose refilled the cup, and Lily drained it. Then, to Fern’s dismay, she laid back down. “Fern, don’t look at me like that,” she said sleepily. “I’m fine. It’s those nice ranger-men that left Rose such a nice tip that you should pray for.” Then she closed her eyes.
Fern and Mum looked at each other in despair. “What do we do now?” Fern asked.
“I think we should do as she says,” Rose said, pouring herself a cup of water. “We should pray for those two rangers. It sounds as though they need it.”
Chapter Eleven
Grundhelm and the two rangers exchanged histories while Nolan roasted several large rats he had caught. Wren had gone back to the battle site while Nolan hunted for small game, and he came back saying that the entire area was dead or dying. The trees and bushes were black and rotting, and the sparse grass was completely gone. The flesh of the monster had dissolved away, but everything they had touched was beyond all healing. The gryphons were nowhere to be found. Nolan sent a silent prayer of thanks to the goddess for sending the gryphon pride to them. If not for their timely help, the three of them would be dead and rotting as well.
It turned out that Grundhelm was quite the traveler, especially for a dwarf. He had been cast out of Clan Battlemore over a female—Grundhelm was short on details, saying merely, “It was a stupid thing to do, but it all worked out for the best”—and since then he had wandered over most of the Many Kingdoms. He had even been to Ythakah several times, the country whose people seemed to come in all shades of brown. There he had joined forces with a witch and a unicorn, a tale that Nolan wasn’t sure he believed. Apparently the witch had been chosen by the gods to fight some horror that threatened her home village, and Grundhelm had been there to help. Later he had fought together with a band of halfling barbarians who wanted to kill something big and dangerous and become famous. Nolan had to ask for clarification at that point, saying, “Are you sure they were halflings? Halflings don’t fight, and they don’t travel. I’ve never heard such a thing.”
Grundhelm had taken no offense, saying, “I know halflings, trust me. The foot-stench alone was enough to give them away.”
Grundhelm wasn’t clear on how he had found himself drifting in the Place Between. He had picked a fight with a dragon—“just because”—and in the middle of the battle he had taken a blow to the head and lost consciousness. When he woke up, he was sitting on the tiny island in the middle of nothing. And there he sat for he knew not how long, terrified to move, slowly dying of hunger and thirst. “And then you two came. I’ve never heard such a tale in my life, and I’ve heard a few,” he said.
“There must be a connection,” Nolan said. “We were sent to the Place Between when the blood-wizard blasted us; you were sent after being struck by the dragon. What do you make of it, Wren?”
“No idea,” Wren said shortly. His face was hard and impassive, which meant that he was digging for memories, delving into the extensive archives of information that Master Raven had taught him. Nolan left him alone. If left undisturbed long enough, Wren might come up with an answer to the puzzle, or at least an idea.
Just then Nolan pulled the cooked meat out of the fire. Grundhelm swallowed his ground-squirrels almost without chewing, and as the two rangers ate their share, Wren brought up another subject. “Which way do we go, Nolan?” he asked. “Do we continue north and try to find Garrett, or do we head home to Hermitage?”
Nolan shrugged. “Do you think there’s any point in going on?” he asked.
“It’s not what I think that matters. You set our feet on this path, so it’s your quest. Do we end it now, or do we continue? You have to decide.”
Nolan wished that it were not up to him, but Wren was right. He was the one who had brought them this far, so it was his choice to make. If left up to him, Wren would never have left Hermitage; he would have conducted a mourning ceremony for Garrett’s soul and gone home.
Nolan could argue that they had done all they could. Garrett was in Scythe’s hands now, and there was nothing they could do to free him. It had been Garrett’s own selfish rage and arrogance that had brought him to this end, and as he was beyond their borders, he was no longer their responsibility. They had brought Grundhelm back to the world of the living, so their quest had already served a purpose. They could go home with a clear conscience.
Nolan opened his mouth to voice these thoughts—more to gather a consensus of opinion than to make a recommendation, he told himself—when a blinding pain ripped through his brain. His eyes felt red-hot, as though they were about to explode in their sockets. Nolan clutched his head and fell to the ground, barely aware of Wren calling his name. He squeezed his eyes tightly closed, but somehow he could still see.
He saw the slaverbitten dog he had shot three days ago in the forest north of Hermitage. The dog loped through the forest, foam dripping from its bared muzzle. Its chewed ear was swollen and infected. The dog came upon a fox, a female protecting her den. The fox bared her teeth and snapped at the dog, and the dog attacked. The she-fox fought like a mad one, snarling and biting, and after a few minutes the dog retreated. The vixen licked the bite wounds the dog had left on her forelegs and then went down to check on her kits.
The dog then came to a small stream and backed away, whining. Slaverbite caused an aversion to water, Nolan remembered. It saw a young coyote drinking a few yards away and lowered its head with a growl. The coyote looked up and cocked his head curiously, but he was a mere yearling and did not know to run and hide from the smell of slaverbite.
Nolan came back to himself in a soft cushion of leaves. The sun was significantly lower in the sky; in fact, it was almost dusk. “Welcome back,” Grundhelm said. “I thought you were dying.”
“Another vision. The gods spoke to me,” Nolan mumbled. His throat was dry, and he coughed. “We must go on.”
“What vision was this?” Wren asked, bringing over a canteen of water and a spitted chunk of rat that he had saved. Nolan took both gratefully and drank deeply.
“The sick dog again,” Nolan said, taking a bite of meat. Rat was not his favorite, but right now any food was welcome. “It was a message. Garrett isn’t going to die. Not right away, not soon enough.”
“What do you mean?” Wren asked.
“It’s like slaverbite. Scythe intends to turn Garrett to the dark, then kill him and steal his kah. But it won’t kill him right away, or else Scythe will make a mistake and leave him alive. Garrett will live long enough to do real, serious damage to the Circle. Like the dog in the forest.”
Nolan closed his eyes and saw again the mother fox and the young coyote. “Women and children will suffer the most, I think,” he added.
“That settles it, then,” Wren said. “We must go on, if that is what the gods want.”
“I need a weapon,” Grundhelm said.
“Are you sure you want to stay with us?” Nolan asked. “We are going into great danger, and we will likely both die. You just came back from the brink yourself.”
“I once fought the bastard son of a blood-wizard and the Goddess of the Underworld with nothing in my hand but a hammer,” Grundhelm said. “Just lend me your knife so I can make a stout club, and we’ll be on our way.
“Besides,” he added quietly, “I don’t forget a debt.”
Wren handed Grundhelm his carving knife, and the dwarf accepted it with a nod. Grundhelm headed off into the trees at a rolling stride, acting not at all as though just that morning he had been on the edge of the darkest curve.
“This was not a coincidence,” Wren said with certainty.
“No,” Nolan said. “We were meant to meet him, meant to save him. I have felt the hand of the gods in this.”
“You always were the sensitive one, brother,” Wren said.
“But you are the one with the magic,” Nolan pointed out.
“Magic can only go so far, and I never had much aptitude for it. I can see the ley-lines, and I can touch them. I can heal people and animals, and I can fly a few feet when I have to. But I’m not one with the gods like you are. Remember when we went to that glade and asked the gods for guidance?”
“Yes.” It was a day Nolan would not soon forget.
“The gods never spoke to me. I sat there with you beneath the tree, and all I felt was the cold in my behind. They never showed themselves to me.”
“But you said—“
“I lied. I didn’t want you to think me an idiot. And when you said you were going to Daylin for training in the ranger arts, I went too.”
And abandoned his apprenticeship, Nolan added in his mind. Not at the bidding of the gods, as he had thought, but just for Nolan. For their friendship.
No, Nolan corrected himself, for their brotherhood.
“Why?” Nolan asked. “Why did the gods come to me? I’m not special. I’m not a great warrior, or a scholar, or a wizard. All I am is Nolan.”
“Maybe it’s because you are nobody special,” Wren said. “Maybe because you’re not a great warrior or a wizard, you’re more open to them and their visions. Or maybe it’s because you lost your ma the way you did. You almost died yourself. Maybe they came to you then, and they’ve been with you ever since.”
Nolan’s mother had died with Nolan still inside her. Only the quick action of that daring old midwife had saved him, and even then it had been close. Pa still wept when he spoke of Nolan’s first days in the light of the Circle, his desperate search for a wet-nurse. Pa had loved Ma deeply and never married again. If he had lost Nolan too, it would have broken him.
He called Nolan a miracle. Whenever he and his friends at the tavern got into a heated discussion about the existence of the gods, Pa would point out Nolan as an example. “Look at my boy,” he’d say. “A miracle, standing there and breathing. Is it a coincidence that my Kasha’s death was attended by a woman who just happened to know how to make a cut? Coincidence that in this very same village a woman birthed a baby and started her milk just in time to save his life again? He should have died, I tell you, and yet he lives. Don’t tell me that it was all chance and fortune, that the gods don’t see us. Just look at my boy.”
Nolan had, in his youth, thought his father overly sentimental. Now he wondered.
* * * * *
Scythe and Garrett camped among the stony hills not far from the cave where the Beast dwelled. The ground was hard and trees were scarce, but Garrett was able to scrounge enough wood for a fire while Scythe charmed a few plump rabbits to his hand. After strangling them and ripping the fur off with a curiously jagged knife, Scythe tossed the bloody bodies to Garrett to cook. “I don’t really know how to cook,” he said briefly. “You’ll do it better, I’m sure.” Garrett spitted them and put them in the fire without a word.
When the rabbits were almost done and their bodies were dripping clear juice instead of blood, Garrett pulled them out. He started to hand Scythe his share, but then paused. “Something’s coming,” he said. “Something big.”
Scythe looked about and grinned. “It’s young and stupid, whatever it is. It broadcasts angry thoughts like a beacon on the water. We are in no danger.”
Garrett sensed it. It wasn’t human, but neither was it a specific threat. Since Wren and Nolan had perished, Garrett had not felt threatened by anything that crossed their path. Perhaps the Beast thought Garrett dead as well, and he had relaxed. That was good; they could catch him unawares.
Scythe’s grin widened. “Watch this,” he said. He reached up with one thin white hand and seemed to snatch something out of midair. There was nothing there that Garrett could see, but moments later a charcoal-grey bird crashed into the ground next to the fire. It was enormous, one wing as wide as a grown man’s arms.
No, it wasn’t a bird. It was a gryphon, a female. She twitched her wings and shook her head, trying to regain her balance. “Hello, little one,” Scythe said. He grinned.
The gryphon looked up at the blood-wizard with her beak agape. Then she seemed to realize where she was and tried to run away. She staggered to her feet and spread her wings, but Scythe held her fast with a word and a gesture. Garrett watched, impressed. Scythe seemed to be exerting no effort at all, but Garrett knew that taking a gryphon prisoner was no easy task. “Where were you going in such a hurry?” Scythe asked in a parody of gentleness.
The gryphon squawked and tried to run again. And again Scythe held the huge bird back, sweating a bit. “Garrett, would you help me with this one?” he asked. “Make her speak to me. She’s being difficult.”
Garrett’s ranger powers gave him limited control over animals and birds, but he was sworn not to misuse his powers. “Why do we need her to speak?” he asked.
“She was flying north at a great speed, muttering to herself. I want to know what angered her so.” As Garrett continued to hesitate, Scythe added, “She may know something about the Beast. Perhaps she is under his control.”
“Are you sure?”
“I smell a blood-wizard’s magic on her.” This was nothing but the truth, but it was Scythe’s power that marked the bird.
Garrett was sworn to use his power only for good, and this was a good cause if she could tell them anything about the Beast. Garrett concentrated and stared into the she-gryphon’s bright yellow eyes. She trembled and shivered under Scythe’s spell, and a dozen small feathers fluttered to the ground. Garrett felt her kah, bright and shining with fear, and he touched it gently. The gryphon squawked again, and this time it sounded like a cry of pain or terror.
“Tell us what we want to know, and you will go free,” Garrett said.
The human rangers have corrupted my pride, the gryphon said. Her eyes were still fixed on Garrett, bright and frightened. She knew what Garrett was; she sensed his ranger powers. She also sensed the blood-wizard’s hand on Garrett’s kah, a magical tether that frightened her to the bones. It wasn’t natural for one human to be enslaved by another; even a gryphon knew this. I was fleeing their influence, before I too could be corrupted.
“What human rangers?” Scythe demanded. In the back of his mind, that flicker of unease that had never quite gone away began to dance and grow. He cast outward with his othersense, already knowing what he would find.
Garrett looked into the she-gryphon’s mind, producing another pained squawk, and saw Wren and Nolan in her memory. They were fighting something ugly, something that frightened them both badly. The other gryphons were helping them fight it, a thing unheard of. By rights the gryphons should have let the humans die and been glad. There was a small bundle nearby, but Garrett could not make out what it was.
Scythe, of course, could see everything Garrett saw. “They live?” he asked incredulously. He acted more surprised than he actually felt, an old habit. Never let the other fellow know exactly how you feel.
“Nolan and Wren are still alive,” Garrett said. “They’re somewhere behind us to the south.”
Scythe walked over and dealt a magic blow to the gryphon’s head, knocking her unconscious. “What are they up to?” he asked to himself. “What are they plotting against us now?”
“This gryphon says that they have corrupted her pride,” Garrett said. “I wonder what she meant?”
“Of course!” Scythe said. “The Beast has been controlling animals and throwing them at us at every turn. The manticore, the harpies…and now he seeks to control the gryphon pride. This one was lucky enough to get away and warn us.”
“But Nolan and Wren…?” Garrett was confused.
“They must be under his control now, my friend,” Scythe said. “It is the only thing that makes sense.” He laughed in his mind as Garrett absorbed this and accepted it.
Garrett nodded to himself. It did make sense. Nolan and Wren had sought to turn Garrett back from his quest for justice, and their weakness had made them easy prey. Now they were with the enemy. Garrett felt lucky to still have a powerful wizard like Scythe on his side. With Scythe, he could still finish his mission, even if he had to kill Wren and Nolan to do so.
Scythe watched Garrett’s thought process with great interest. He took that phrase, “kill Wren and Nolan” and created an echo in Garrett’s mind. The phrase would bounce around in Garrett’s mind, growing in intensity, until it became a desire, then a need. The Word of Power that Scythe had planted in Garrett’s mind at the beginning of this journey gave Scythe access to his innermost workings. Scythe thought that if he were a religious man he would light a candle for the wizard Scythe had murdered to obtain the Word. This was not the first time Yahator had come in handy, but it was certainly the most entertaining. And it would prove to be the most profitable as well, once Scythe had hold of Garrett’s juicy kah.
The she-gryphon shook her head and tried to rise. Scythe held her down for a moment, while he searched his brain for a paralysis spell. He wished he had thought to bring a collection of poisons along on this adventure. Finally he had it. “Jisu, nox, loernum,” he said, pushing his power into the she-gryphon’s body. The gryphon collapsed. She was now completely helpless and immobile, though she could still think and feel. Delicious.
Scythe drew out his jagged ritual knife, the one he normally reserved for the bloodletting of his human victims. “Those rabbits are not going to fill me up,” he said to Garrett, who was looking at the gryphon’s prone body with incomprehension. “Join me?”
* * * * *
Grundhelm returned just after sundown with a wooden club as big around as a man’s fist. It had been expertly carved out of hard wood; it even had a handgrip made especially for a dwarf’s stubby fingers. Nolan wondered how Grundhelm had managed to cut such a stout club with just a carving knife at his disposal. Then he looked at the dwarf’s muscular arms and barrel chest and thought that he had likely not needed the knife for anything but whittling.
“I tested it,” Grundhelm said, holding up the club. There was a dark stain in the fresh wood.
“What—did you test it on?” Nolan asked.
“Dinner, back that way.” Grundhelm gestured behind him. “I can’t quite drag it, though. You two can go fetch it, and I’ll build the fire up again.”
Dinner turned out to be a yearling buck, small for a mountain deer but still more meat than they would eat in a week. One antler was broken off where Grundhelm had bashed in its skull. Blood oozed from both ears.
“I’m glad he’s our friend," Nolan said, hoisting the buck over his shoulders.
When they returned to camp, the fire was blazing away, and Grundhelm’s stomach was rumbling audibly over the snaps and cracks of burning wood. Wren and Nolan set to work skinning and cutting up the meat as fast as they could, while Grundhelm gnawed on a bit of wood to calm himself. He barely had the patience to let them cook the meat first, and he snatched each strip out of the fire before it was more than warm. Nolan would have sworn that the buck was too big for the three of them to eat at one sitting, but Grundhelm surprised them. Clearly the rats he’d caught had not been enough, or perhaps Grundhelm’s appetite was improving with his health. When Grundhelm finally let out a huge belch and relaxed, Wren and Nolan feasted on the last strips of deer meat. When they were done, there was nothing left but skin, hooves, and guts. Wren gathered them up and took them far away from the camp for disposal, so as not to attract harpies or other wild animals.
It was fully dark by this time, and the stars shone sharply above like knife points. Nolan looked for the moon, but he could not find it.
“It’s the new moon,” Wren reminded him. “We’ll not see it tonight.”
Of course; Nolan had forgotten. The night of renewal, when the gods rested and made plans for the following month. It was appropriate that they feast together tonight and make their own plans with their new friend.
“Which way do we go?” Grundhelm asked sleepily. His belly was finally full, and he was sluggish and contented. “Where do we go when we awaken tomorrow?”
“North,” Nolan said. “Scythe told us that the Beast’s lair lies to the north and west. It’s in a cave near the dragon’s mountains.”
Grundhelm sat up, waking a trifle. “Now I tell you, I’ve been all over those mountains, and I’ve met a few of those dragons you speak of, but I’ve never seen hide nor hair of any blood-wizard in those parts. Are you sure it wasn’t another of his tricks?”
Nolan shrugged. “No, I’m not sure. But it’s the direction he told us to take when we first met. I would assume they are still heading that way.”
“Unless he intends for you to walk into a trap,” Grundhelm said. “Those rocks are treacherous, and there’s stuff just as nasty as dragons around there. Orcs, manticores, some pretty ugly creatures.”
“I’ll ask the trees again in the morning,” Wren said. “They told me before where Scythe had gone, they’ll tell me again. But I’m too tired tonight.”
Nolan lay down on the soft earth and stretched out. “Me too,” he yawned. “Good night.”
He dreamed about the slaverbitten dog again that night. It was larger this time, and closer somehow. Its eyes gleamed with red malevolence rather than the dying sickness Nolan remembered.
Chapter Twelve
Wren was sitting on the ground when Nolan awoke the next morning. Nolan was shivering from the dreams that had haunted him all night, but Wren looked calm and well rested. Grundhelm seemed back to his full strength by the way he was stomping about the campsite. While Nolan was stretching sore muscles and rubbing sleep from his gritty eyes, the dwarf was pacing about impatiently, swinging his club over his head. His ragged clothing had been mended somewhat; Nolan thought that Wren might have expended some magic to help salvage the dwarf’s pride.
Nolan climbed to his feet and adjusted his clothing; they would need to be thrown out when this adventure was over. He was filthy from head to toe, and he feared that he no longer smelled like a man. Wren stood up as well, and pointed north. Apparently Scythe had spoken the truth; they were heading into the foothills of the Coldfire Mountains. They moved out without hunting for breakfast; Grundhelm was anxious to be moving.
“I’ve been wandering too long,” Grundhelm said. “If I finish a day without putting distance between myself and my bed from the night before, then the day feels wasted.”
Nolan said that he understood the feeling, although he really didn’t. He had lived in the same place for his entire childhood, and then when he became a Ranger of the Light, he had stuck to the same territory to patrol. Some rangers were wanderers like the dwarf, living off the land and looking for adventure and evil to slay, but Nolan had never felt the urge to live that sort of life.
According to Wren’s analysis of the ley-lines, Garrett and Scythe were almost two days ahead of them. “They must be very close to wherever they’re going,” Grundhelm said. “The mountain rocks are less than a day away.”
“Are there caves close by?” Wren asked.
“A few, but none are inhabited that I know of," Grundhelm said.
“We need to hurry,” Nolan said. “They are close to their goal. We need to be there when it happens.”
“When what happens?” Wren asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Will they kill the Beast?” Wren asked. “Will they even try to avenge Kaylie, or was that more of Scythe’s lies?”
“I don’t know,” Nolan said miserably. He had done nothing but rush Wren into danger time after time, and Wren deserved some answers for all his trouble. But Nolan had none to give.
“I swear I never heard of any wizard living out in those rocks,” Grundhelm said. “I don’t mean to sound gloom-and-doom-ish, but I know the mountains well. The dragons would never tolerate a blood-wizard so close to one of their nesting caves.”
“A nesting cave? Really?” Nolan was intrigued and apprehensive. Dragons were assiduous parents; they bred only once a century or so, and human almost never saw their chicks. Those that did usually became the chick’s next meal. “We won’t be getting close enough to disturb them, will we?”
“Great Good gods no!” Grundhelm said. “You take me for a fool? I’ll go back to the Place Between first. No, we’ll be stopping well before the mountains proper, I’m sure. If what we want is a cave that could house a human wizard, then we’ll be going into the rocky hills just before the mountains start. That about right, Wren?”
Wren nodded. His face was dark and thoughtful. Nolan walked silently and waited for Wren to say what was on his mind. When Wren got that look, it usually meant that he had a terrible idea and was trying to find a way to say it gently.
Finally, Wren said, “How much do we know about blood-wizards?”
“Not much,” Nolan said. “We know of them, we know their work because the Light-wizards work at tracing them and learning all they can about them. But I believe that Scythe is the first blood-wizard I’ve ever met face to face.”
“I avoid wizards of all kinds, good or evil,” Grundhelm said. “I know nothing about them, and I’d like to keep it that way.”
“If Scythe were wearing a glamour when we met him, do you think we would have known it?”
“Only if we were looking for it, I think. What are you getting at?”
“Well,” Wren said, “what if Scythe and the Beast are the same wizard?”
Nolan stopped walking. Grundhelm stopped as well, and he planted his club into the ground like a walking stick. Nolan and Wren stared at each other for an eternal moment.
“That would mean that Scythe murdered Kaylie,” Nolan said.
“And that he used her death to trigger Garrett’s madness,” Wren said. “It makes sense, doesn’t it?”
“The Beast is monstrous,” Nolan said, walking again. “He is huge, bigger than me, and his face is hideous. I’ve also heard that he has green skin, but that’s probably an exaggeration.”
“That’s why I wondered if Scythe could have been wearing a glamour. Or, perhaps the monstrous form is a glamour, and the young man is his true face. How are we to know?”
Nolan shuddered. They didn’t know. They didn’t know anything about what they were walking into any more than they had when they first set out, with no supplies or preparation. All Nolan knew was that the gods had sent him several stern messages; they did not want him to give up. That was all he knew, and he had to cling to that knowledge with his entire kah and soul, because that was all he had. That knowledge and Wren.
They walked on in silence. Nolan’s intuition kept telling him to hurry, hurry, and he kept walking a little faster. Wren and Grundhelm kept up readily, saying nothing but pacing him on either side. Nolan was leading them, but he had never in his life felt more inadequate.
Suddenly Grundhelm stopped. “Something’s watching us,” he said. He gripped his club a little tighter.
“I smell magic,” Wren said.
Nolan said nothing. He felt nothing, nothing but the constant urge to hurry, walk faster, time was running out. He looked up at the sun. Almost halfway across the sky, and Garrett was still too far ahead. They needed to move faster, not worry about some magical creature spying on them.
“I smell it too, and I think I know what it is. Who’s there?” Grundhelm barked into the air. He brandished his club.
“Shut up, dwarf,” a little voice said. “I’ve nothing to say to the likes of you.”
“If you’ve something to say, fairy, then say it now or be gone,” Grundhelm said. He raised his club over his head and swung it about in a circle. “We have no time for this.”
“A fairy?” Wren said. “That’s not likely. Fairies almost never venture this far north. They and the dragons avoid each other.”
“I’m no fairy!” There was a blinding white flash, and Wren slapped his hands over his eyes. “Don’t ever call me one of those pathetic god-followers. I’ll not have it.”
Grundhelm grunted. “I’ll repeat myself only once; say what you will or be gone. We’re pressed for time.”
A tiny female figure appeared from behind a rock. She was as mature and well-formed as any woman, but she was very small, only as high as Nolan’s chest. Her hair was bright red and tied up in ragged horse-tails on top of her head. She wore a threadbare dress of a dull grey color that was torn and filthy all over. Her dress barely covered her breasts and hips, which were full and ample. Her eyes were wild and grey, and they looked from one male to the next as if she was searching for someone. Her tiny feet were in constant motion. She stepped from one foot to the next like an impatient child, kicking her feet up in the air with each step. Despite her nervousness, she had an eerie grace, as though her feet did not quite touch the ground. Her lip was sticking out in a childish pout, and she looked as though she were starving, but was too proud to beg for food. In between glances at the travelers before her, she looked up at the sky with an odd combination of longing and defiance.
Her wings were covered with feathers like the wings of an angel, but they were black as a crow at midnight. They half-spread and folded again as Nolan watched, and the feathers trembled minutely. Nolan thought that if she spread them to their full length, their wingspan would be huge, as wide as a man’s height.
“An Untamed,” Grundhelm said. “I thought so.”
“What is she?” Wren asked. “I’ve never seen anything like her before.”
“She’s not real, so pull your eyes back into your head. Fairies live like bees, right? They share a single goal, a single mind. They have some thoughts of their own, but they don’t keep secrets from each other, and they serve the gods together as one. If you kill one fairy they all know it, and if you hurt one fairy they all feel its pain. Well, the Untamed are fairies that tore away from the main body and somehow survived as individuals. Nobody knows why they’re able to do that. There aren’t many of them about, and they almost never show themselves.” Grundhelm squinted and cocked his head. “This one is odd though. She looks like a real creature, not an illusion.”
The Untamed stepped forward. Her hair drifted slightly as if made from red smoke. She studied Nolan for a moment and quickly stepped back. “This one has poison about him,” she said. Her wings trembled, and one large feather dropped to the ground. Nolan thought he could see a rainbow where the sun touched it.
“Poison?” Nolan looked down at himself. “I don’t know what you mean. I carry nothing on me but my drinking flask and my blade.”
“She means your sword,” Grundhelm said. “Fairy-folk can’t touch cold iron. She can’t vamp you as long as you hold it.”
Now Nolan remembered. Cold iron altered and dissolved some forms of magic, and fairies were made almost entirely of magic. They could not stand the direct touch of iron. The Untamed was eyeing him suspiciously, and Nolan stepped away from her. “I will not touch you with my cold iron,” he said, “but I cannot cast it aside; I need my weapon.”
The Untamed continued to look at him. Her eyes were grey and dark as a storm, and the pupils were oddly shaped: oval, like a cat’s eyes, but horizontal instead of vertical. “He is also gods-touched. The gods don’t use bearers of cold iron. It’s not natural.”
“It’s not natural for a fairy to have a mind of her own,” Grundhelm growled. “Now state your business or be gone.”
The Untamed’s wings spread and flapped heavily, but she did not rise. More feathers fell to the ground. Her hands clenched and unclenched. “I hate not being able to fly,” she said. “I want to fly.”
She was looking at Wren as she spoke. How did she know who to ask? Or was she turning to Wren for help only because he was untainted by iron? Nolan shook his head at himself. She might have been watching them for a long time. Nolan would have known if they had been watched by a gryphon or a man or even a butterfly, but fairies stood outside the Circle. There was no telling how much she knew about them.
All this time, though, Garrett was being led deeper and deeper into Scythe’s trap. Nolan grimaced at the delay.
“I don’t know if I can help you,” Wren said. “My magic is very small, and I need to conserve all I can.”
“You see, we need to hurry,” Nolan began, but the Untamed interrupted him.
“I can show you where your enemy lies, and better yet, I can show you how to get there faster. You can get there in time to save your friend. I just want to fly. Show me how you do it without wings, and I’ll help you.”
“We have no time for this,” Grundhelm growled. “We’ll never find that wizard of yours if we sit about passing the day with fairies.”
“Shut up, weaponless dwarf!” the Untamed said. “I am not addressing you!”
“Show us how to get to the cave where the blood-wizard has led our friend, and I’ll do whatever you wish,” Wren said. “But Nolan and Grundhelm are right; we have no time to sit and talk about it. We need to get there within the day, if we can.”
Grundhelm nudged Wren with his club. “Careful,” he said. “Fairy-folk are tricky, and the Untamed are worse. The fairies serve the gods and the natural balance, but the Untamed serve only themselves. Any vow you make to her will be bound by your kah. She probably picked this moment to approach you, knowing that you are in a hurry and might make a mistake.”
“Can you truly show us a safe way to get to that cave within the day?” Wren asked the small woman.
“I can show you doors all over the Many Kingdoms,” the Untamed said. She stepped close to Wren, giving him a good long look. Her lips were full and red, so dark they looked almost black. But her teeth were white and flawless. “I can lead you to the cave you seek, and I might help you defeat the wizard, too. All I want is to fly.”
“If you lead us to the cave that Scythe and Garrett are going to, I will try my best to teach you to fly without wings,” Wren said. “I can’t guarantee that you will fly, because I don’t know how your magic works, but I will do everything in my power to help you fly. You have my word as a Ranger of the Light.”
There was a faint ripple in the air, and the Untamed jumped up and down and clapped her hands like a child. The way she bounced, however, was not at all like a child. “This way,” she said. She rushed forward and tugged Wren’s hand. Wren and the others followed, all of them hoping that he had not made a mistake.
Grundhelm tapped the Untamed’s naked thigh with his club as they walked. “You’re flesh,” he said. “How did that happen? If you’d stayed spirit, you would be able to fly.”
“Shut up, dwarf,” the Untamed said. She hurried along faster, moving Wren away from Grundhelm.
“No, Grundhelm’s right,” Nolan said. “How did you become flesh? How do we know that you are what you say you are?”
“I never said what I was. The dwarf said it. But to answer your question, human”—the Untamed sounded like a pouty adolescent as she said this—“I wished to have feelings. Fairies have many thoughts and no feelings; they just share the feelings of the mortals around them. When I broke away and became me, I wanted to feel things for myself, and I tried to make it happen.”
“You need to have a body to have feelings, because feelings are of the body, the heart,” Wren said. “So your magic turned you into the flesh. But you can’t turn back?”
“Flesh body, flesh limitations,” the Untamed said. She sounded bored with the subject. “I can’t turn fairy again any more than you could. Nor do I want to. I want to stay as I am. But I want to be able to fly.”
Grundhelm did not look happy, but he said nothing as the Untamed led them west to a large pair of rocks. They were both almost twice as high as a man, and there was barely a body-width space to squeeze through between them. The Untamed took Wren’s hand in both of hers and said, “Anyone who is coming with us, grab onto this man. We’re going into the dark.”
Nolan took Wren’s other hand, and Grundhelm took Nolan’s. They passed between the stones, and the light above them turned black. Nolan blinked, and when he opened his eyes again they were standing on a small island of earth, floating in black nothingness. Nolan cried out and tried to drop to the ground, but Wren held him upright. His hand squeezed Nolan’s hand hard enough to hurt, and Nolan gasped for breath and tried to get a grip on his fear.
“Do not let go unless you wish to stay here forever,” the Untamed warned. Nolan felt Grundhelm’s meaty hand tremble slightly.
The Untamed led Wren to the edge of the island and stepped off. Nolan whimpered as his feet approached the edge of firm ground, but Wren was still walking and he had no choice. Nolan closed his eyes and stepped off, tugging Grundhelm slightly in case the dwarf was balking. The darkness swallowed them on all sides, and Nolan struggled to keep from screaming.
“Here we are,” the Untamed said. “Your cave lies just beyond those bushes.”
Nolan opened his eyes. They were in a place very like the one they had left, but the rocks were taller and more plentiful. The only green life were a few patches of grass and a cluster of bushes about as high as a large dog. The sun overhead was in the same position it had been in when they crossed the tall stones. “How did you do that?” he asked.
The Untamed looked disdainful. “What you call the Place Between is the open place around the edges of what you think of as the real world. The Mist is the gateway into the Other Havens, and the Place Between lies around the edges of everything. Fairies can go wherever we like, except into the Other Havens themselves.”
“But you’re not really a fairy anymore,” Nolan pointed out. “You’re human, aren’t you?”
“Could a human do what I just did?” the Untamed said defiantly. “No, I cannot cross to the Mists, but I can still navigate the Place Between. Now you had better go see what that fuss is about. I’ll wait here.”
“What fuss?” Nolan asked, looking at the others. Wren’s face was pale.
“The ley-lines are shivering,” he said. “We need to go.” Without another word, he drew his crossbow and ran straight ahead, through the bushes. Nolan followed, with Grundhelm close on his heels. The Untamed watched them go.
More human fleshly feelings were moving around in her heart. She wanted very badly for them to come back alive, especially the dark haired one. There was something intriguing about that human that had nothing to do with magic as she knew it.
Chapter Thirteen
As soon as they crossed the copse of bushes, Nolan saw the cave. It was just high enough to accommodate a grown man, and Nolan saw traces of human footprints around its entrance. There was a light burning somewhere within; Nolan could see its flickering.
From the depths of the cave came a mournful howl, frighteningly similar to the cry of a dog. “No! Nooo!” It was Garrett.
Nolan drew his sword. Wren shouted something and ran headlong into the cave. Grundhelm was still close on Nolan’s heels, but he had not spoken a word. Nolan thought that he was still thinking about the Untamed, but there was no time to discuss the dwarf’s feelings about fairies at this moment. Garrett’s moment was coming, and Nolan had to stop whatever was about to happen.
There was a short, narrow tunnel that opened out into a larger chamber. Garrett was standing at the far end of the chamber, his back pressed up against the stone wall. His once-handsome face was now dirty and haggard, and there were lines around his eyes and mouth where no lines had been a few days ago. “His kah’s been drained,” Wren said. “He hasn’t got much time.” He lifted his crossbow and only then remembered that he was out of bolts. Wren was unarmed.
“Why must you keep showing up at the most inconvenient times?” Scythe demanded. He was standing behind Nolan, holding Grundhelm by the ear like a disobedient child. Grundhelm was still and limp in the blood-wizard’s grasp, and his face was bloodless. His club lay on the floor beside him.
“I thought you were dead. Garrett thought you were dead. Everything was going according to plan. Then, we get news from this she-gryphon that you lived, but you were days away still. Then, just when I’m about to finish what I started, you show up out of the air. You are two very inconvenient people.” Scythe’s face was flushed with anger. More than ever he resembled a boy, a petulant child who was not getting his way.
“What happened to the gryphon?” Nolan asked, stalling for time.
“She was delicious,” Scythe said with a smirk. Nolan’s eyes narrowed, but he was not surprised. Wren, meanwhile, was inching closer to Garrett.
Scythe stayed where he was. “Animal kah is less powerful than human, because they are such a simple creature. They have very few feelings, and most of their kah is taken up by their day-to-day living. But gryphons are different. They are wise to maintain their precious Law of Silence, because if other blood-wizards knew what I know, they would hunt the species to extinction. I think it’s their unusual intelligence that makes them so sensitive to torture.”
“I am going to kill you,” Nolan said, readying his sword. If he died distracting the wizard so that Wren could free Garrett, he was at peace with that.
“How many times have I heard that,” Scythe said. He rolled his eyes upward, looking younger than ever.
It was that over-dramatic gesture that finally clued Nolan in on Scythe’s trick. Nolan was not distracting Scythe; it was the other way around. “Wren!” he shouted, turning around.
Wren turned to see what Nolan wanted. He was only a few paces away from Garrett, who had calmed down somewhat and was now standing motionless and silent. As soon as Wren turned, Garrett pulled a knife from his belt.
“Look out!” Nolan cried uselessly. Wren turned just in time for Garrett to slide the knife blade between Wren’s ribs. The ranger crumpled to the ground with a cry of pain, and Scythe laughed.
“I couldn’t have planned it better,” he said, tossing Grundhelm to one side. The dwarf flew limply across the stone floor and landed in a crumpled heap. His club still lay on the floor where it had dropped. Nolan tentatively touched Grundhelm with his othersense and found that the dwarf was still alive, barely. “Garrett, I never knew you had it in you, my boy.”
“He was going to steal my vengeance,” Garrett said, wiping the knife on Wren’s trousers. “Now where is the Beast? You promised me that we would find him in one of these caves.”
“He is coming right now,” Scythe said. He gestured, and Nolan flew across the cave to crash against the stone wall next to Grundhelm. His sword fell from his fingers, and to his dismay Nolan found that he could not move to pick it up. He was paralyzed, lifeless from the neck down. His head was cocked so that he could see Wren lying on the ground, bleeding helplessly, dying. Nolan could not even take the luxury of turning away so that he would not watch his brother die. Not that he deserved such a luxury.
“Yes,” Scythe said. “He is coming right now.” And right then Nolan knew that Wren had been right. The Beast was not a distant foe, but the very enemy Garrett had joined. Garrett seemed to sense something as well, because his expression grew puzzled.
A huge green figure entered the room. It was as tall as a man but far more broad, and its face was snaggle-toothed and pig-snouted. Beady eyes peered this way and that, and the creature slapped its hands together. “Man-meat!” it roared.
“Right there,” Scythe said, indicating Garrett. “You know what to do. Make it slow.”
“Good meat,” the creature said, slapping his hands again. He started toward Garrett, who looked confused.
“That’s no wizard,” he said. “That’s not the Beast. That’s just an orc.”
“Very good,” Scythe said. “As I’m sure your interfering friends figured out, there is no Beast. I was the one who kidnapped Kaylie and drained her kah; this creature is a servant of mine who does my bidding.” He pursed his lips. “I should mention, though, that although I was the one who stole Kaylie away, I was not the one who raped her. Not the only one, at any rate.”
Understanding dawned at last. Nolan shuddered as he watched horror and rage slowly creep over the mad ranger’s face, and Garrett went berserk.
“I’ll kill you!” he screamed. He brandished his knife and flung himself at the wizard.
Scythe grinned, exposing razor-sharp teeth. He raised both hands and stopped Garrett in his tracks. Garrett froze about two feet from the wizard, and the orc casually picked him up and broke him over its knobby knee. There was a horrible crack, and Garrett screamed.
“No, you idiot!” Scythe shouted. “I didn’t want him dead yet!” Angrily, he pushed the orc over with another gesture. The huge man-beast fell over, arms flailing, and he dropped the dying ranger.
Nolan twitched. The paralysis was wearing off; Scythe must have forgotten about him, and now the spell was fading. Nolan reached for his sword, and very slowly and carefully he was able to wrap his fingers around it. Scythe was advancing on the orc. Lightning crackled at the wizard’s fingertips.
Nolan felt around inside his body and thought that he had the strength for one good charge in him. If he was fast and silent, he could probably take out either the wizard or the orc before the other could kill him. He looked at Garrett, who was lying on the cavern floor with blood dripping from his mouth. The gods had told him to come here, to be here for this, but why? So that Garrett would not die alone?
Nolan looked at Scythe, who was zapping the orc with lightning shocks. The orc danced and whimpered, begging his master’s pardon.
Nolan gritted his teeth and hauled himself to his feet. Pain pulsed through his body, but he took a deep breath and charged straight at Scythe’s unprotected back. He half-expected his sword to stop dead, halted by the same force that had stopped Garrett in his tracks, but the sharp steel of his blade penetrated the wizard’s brown cloak and the flesh beneath. Scythe stiffened and froze, his hands constricting into claws.
Nolan staggered backward, pulling the blade out. Blood poured out after it. His sword dropped from numb fingers, and Nolan stumbled to his knees. That charge had taken every ounce of his energy, and now he could only hope that it was enough. The dark brown of Scythe’s robe darkened to black where Nolan had stabbed him.
Scythe turned around and looked Nolan in the face, possibly seeing him for the first time. His boyish face was white with pain and wonder. “Why did you do that?” he said. He seized Nolan’s face and shoved him violently backward. Nolan flew into the wall of the cavern and hit his head hard. The world around him spun and went grey.
Nolan held onto consciousness grimly, like a drowning man clinging to a rock. Scythe could still stand and walk; blood was pouring out of the wound in his back, but he showed no sign of weakening. The blood-wizard walked slowly over to Garrett’s prone body. He lowered himself to the ranger’s bloody face and pressed his mouth onto Garrett’s own, as if exchanging a lover’s kiss. Nolan felt a chill, as if something were sucking the warmth out of the air.
Then Garrett’s eyes flew open. His hands came up and seized Scythe by the back of his neck. The wizard grunted and struggled, trying to free himself from the surprising grip, but Garrett held on fast. Blood poured from the place where their faces merged in horrendous embrace. Scythe was pulling away with all his might, his feet drumming against the stone floor, but Garrett held on to him with frightening strength. The orc sat on the floor and stared at them with dull yellow eyes.
Scythe finally pulled away, or perhaps Garrett let him go. The blood-wizard was panting and whimpering like a child. Scythe scuttled backward like a crab. His seemingly young face was translucent as milk. Garrett sat up with no effort at all and wiped his mouth. He grinned at the blood-wizard. He said not a word, but simply sat and grinned, looking more than anything like a simple-minded child.
Then he spoke. “Your name is Ennett,” he said. His eyes danced with childlike glee.
Nolan knew, somehow, that Garrett had finally lost what was left of his mind.
Scythe—or Ennett—looked horrified. More—he looked frightened. Blood was still pouring from the wound in his back; Nolan could see the puddle forming on the ground behind him. His face looked old and worn. His hair was thinning and turning grey. The orc whimpered.
Nolan tried to pull himself to his feet, not knowing what he was going to do but knowing that he had to do something. But his body would not obey. His legs flailed and flopped like the fins of a fish, and his arms hung limply at his sides. Nolan was desperate. Wren was still unconscious, as was Grundhelm. Nolan had not the power available to look with his othersense to see how close they were to the darkest curve of the Circle, but he knew that neither of them could be faring well.
Garrett slowly pulled himself to his feet. “So,” he said thoughtfully, “this is what it feels like.”
Ennett was still aging. He looked like an old, old man now, weak and toothless. His palsied form would have filled Nolan with pity had he not known that this man had cheated death for decades by stealing the lives of others. Ennett’s once-boyish face seemed to be decaying to dust before their very eyes.
Garrett turned to the orc. The beast whimpered again and cowered like a beaten dog. Garrett seized one of its huge clawed hands and said casually, “Kill yourself with this.”
The orc slapped itself sharply with that hand. Its look of stunned surprise and pain was almost comical. Then the hand clenched into a meaty fist and punched the orc’s face, breaking its nose. Blood poured from both nostrils, and the orc howled. The fist struck again and again, and the orc continued to cry. Garrett looked on with an expression of mad fascination. He reminded Nolan of a boy he’d known in school, a boy who had plucked one of the wings off a dragonfly to see what would happen.
Garrett then turned to Nolan. Nolan tensed, anticipating the worst. Garrett had lost his mind completely now; Wren’s deepest fear had come to pass. Behind him, the orc’s blows were growing weaker as the bones in its face and head shattered. The orc was sobbing with pain now. No ranger would torture an orc so; if the orc needed to be destroyed it should be put down cleanly, as Nolan had the dog.
The dog again. Now Nolan knew his mistake. He had been brought here to prevent exactly what had happened—Garrett’s fall into madness. When Nolan had taken his chance to strike, he had chosen the wrong target.
But how was he to know? Garrett had been dying; even Scythe thought so. Nolan had had no idea that this would happen, that Garrett would so readily turn the tables on the blood-wizard. Nolan still didn’t know how he had done it. Had he laid a trap for Scythe, or had it been luck and chance that gave Garrett the opportunity?
Garrett stood over Nolan like an angel of judgment. His eyes glittered, and his teeth gleamed whitely.
* * * * *
Wren thought he was dying when he felt the blade enter his body. His heart had not been pierced, but blood was flowing freely, and it was getting hard to breathe. His last thought before oblivion found him was that Nolan was on his own, and the poor bastard didn’t have a chance of survival without Wren behind him.
Wren came to on a stone island in the Place Between. “What am I doing back here?” he wondered aloud.
“I think it’s a dream this time,” Grundhelm said. Wren turned and saw the dwarf standing behind him, his club in one hand and the other scratching his head thoughtfully.
“Are we dying?”
“I don’t think so. I think we’re in some sort of Limbo, somewhere between life and death. My body’s lying on the floor of the cave still and so is yours; do you feel it?”
Wren touched his face. One side felt cold, as though it were touching a hard, cold surface. It was true; their bodies were still in the cavern, but their spirits were here. Why?
“Is this a dream, or were we sent here for a purpose?” Wren asked.
“I’ve never heard of two people sharing the same dream spontaneously,” Grundhelm said, “so there must be a purpose here. But I’ve seen no one, human or god.”
A wild female shape appeared in the dark before them. She was dressed in rags, and her hair was fiery red. “It was that mortal human girl that’s been following you,” the Untamed said.
“What human girl?” Wren said. “I didn’t know that anyone was following us.”
“You must be sense-blind or stupid then, because she hovers over you like a mother hen with chicks,” the once-fairy said. “She was the one who told me that you could fly without wings. She told me that she helped you once, when something ugly was about to kill you. She said something about the gryphons too, but I didn’t understand it.”
“There was a female force about that helped us when the tentacle monster was attacking,” Wren said. “I’d almost forgotten about it. Do you know the name of the girl who has been helping us?”
“I didn’t ask her name, no. But she blocked your passage to the Other Havens, so that you would have a chance to survive if you can get back to your bodies. Your other friend is still alive, but I think he will be joining us in a moment or two.”
“Nolan,” Wren said. “He’s our only chance. He can get our bodies out of the cave so we can return to them safely. Can you help him get away?”
“Are you making a second bargain with me?” the Untamed asked.
“Hold on!” Grundhelm barked. “What is this nonsense? No mortal has the power over another mortal’s passage to the Other Havens. It isn’t possible for this human mortal girl to have done such a thing. It’s fairy trickery; she’s trying to trick you into making another bargain that you can’t get out of.”
Wren paused. The dwarf was right. Not even the most powerful wizard could change the passage of another mortal soul. That power was reserved for the gods themselves. “How can we be sure that you’re telling the truth?” he asked.
“This is an odd human,” the Untamed said. “She has more power than any other I’ve met, but she barely knows what magic is. She has the mind of a child, but she could take that nasty blood-wizard of yours and twist him like a bit of dough if she knew she could. And she passes back and forth between the worlds like a goat over rocks.”
Wren thought he might know who the Untamed was speaking of. “Show me an image of her in your mind.”
The Untamed obligingly closed her eyes and opened her mind to the ranger. Wren looked into her with his othersense and saw a young woman with fair hair and a slightly vacant smile. Other women stood behind her, three of them. Their faces were shadowed, but Wren knew who they were. “Lily,” he said. “And her sisters.”
“If you say so,” the Untamed said, opening her eyes. “I don’t care for names. But this one is interested in you and your friends.”
“How could Lily have the power to cross between the worlds,” Wren said to himself. “She’s simple and untrained. Not even a wizard with a thousand years’ experience dares cross over and try to come back again.”
“She went to the Mists as a baby,” the Untamed said. “She crawled around and got lost trying to find the Other Havens, and an old woman picked her up and hugged her. Then the old woman carried her back to her sisters. Since then she’s been able to do almost anything she likes.”
“Berchta,” Grundhelm said. “Goddess of the Lost Ones. I’ve heard of her. But Berchta takes babies into her cloak and cares for them. I’ve never heard of her giving one back to the mortal world again.”
“Lily almost died at birth,” Wren said. “She was the smallest of four babies, and she couldn’t breathe at first. The midwife told everyone that it was a miracle of the gods that she lived, but they all thought she was being modest.”
“The gods sometimes touch mortals to give themselves a window into our world,” the Untamed said. “I’ve met Berchta, and she’s a very pleasant sort.”
“But what of Nolan now?” Wren said, returning to the present situation. “He needs our help.”
“I can help,” the Untamed said, “but I require another favor in return.”
“What favor?” Wren asked warily, as Grundhelm tensed beside him.
The Untamed drew close to Wren. “That you marry me.”
Wren sputtered. “What? No!” The creature couldn’t be serious. Wren stepped back, but he could not go far; the looming abyss of the Place Between was just behind his feet.
The Untamed smiled. “I like the feelings mortals have when they touch each other. I’ve watched them. I want to feel that too. I want you to give me those feelings.”
“This is too complicated to explain quickly, and we need to get to Nolan now,” Wren said. “But you don’t know what you are asking for. Marriage is something that—oh, damn!” He turned to Grundhelm for help. “What should I do?”
“Marry her, then make her miserable so she’ll leave you,” the dwarf said. “That’s what I would do.”
“I can’t do that.” Wren looked back at the little woman. “You have to understand I just can’t—marry a fairy.”
“I’m not a fairy!” the Untamed flared. “And if you are going to keep insulting me then you can sit here in the Place Between and wait for another Beholder to find you! I don’t care!” And she turned her back on them both.
Wren and Grundhelm looked at each other. “It’s your decision, ranger,” Grundhelm said. “You can always follow my suggestion if it doesn’t work out. And think—once she learns to fly she may leave you and never come back.”
Somehow Wren wasn’t too keen on that idea either. But finally he said, “All right. If you help Nolan get out of the cavern with our bodies, I will marry you—in one year’s time.” That would give her time to change her mind, or time for Wren to find a way out of the bargain, if there was one.
“Done!” There was a flurry of bright color that made Wren wince, and the Untamed was gone.
Wren and Grundhelm stood together in the dark silence for a long time.
* * * * *
Garrett felt as though he were floating. His head was swollen and soft, and his entire body was numb. He barely noticed when the orc finally cracked its own skull and collapsed into a bloody, green heap. Greyish fluid trickled from its nostrils.
Garrett stood there in the dark in a haze. Dots of red and black danced around the corners of his vision. For the first time in his life he could not feel a thing. No hatred, no sorrow, not even love. Just a quiet Place Between.
Around the edges of his mind he was aware of Nolan, lying helpless and struggling to escape. Nolan had betrayed him, just like Wren and Scythe. Scythe was being punished and Wren was beyond all punishment, but Nolan was still here, helpless before him. He would pay, too.
Chapter Fourteen
Nolan could do nothing but twitch helplessly as the thing that had once been his friend Garrett stood over him. Garrett grinned down at him and said, “I’ve been in pain so long, I think I’ve forgotten how it is to feel good.”
“Garrett, are you still in there?” Nolan whispered. “What happened to you?”
“It’s still me, Nolan,” Garrett said. “It’s always been me. But things have changed. I’ve changed. I don’t care anymore. Caring is what hurt so much. Now the hurting is all over, because I just don’t care. It’s such a relief.”
Nolan looked over at Ennett. He was almost dead now, just a pile of rags and bone that twitched occasionally like a dreaming dog. The orc was dead too, blood and gray matter oozing from its ears and nose and mouth. If Garrett had done this of his own free will, then he genuinely did not care anymore.
“You should try it, Nolan,” Garrett said. “You came running all this way and threw your friends’ lives away for caring too much. Now Wren and that dwarf are dead, and all for nothing. You’ll feel the pain of your failure forever. If you let me, I can fix you so you won’t feel the pain or guilt anymore.” Garrett squatted down and cocked his head at Nolan like a fellow conspirator. His grin would be charming if his eyes did not glitter so, like cold jewels.
Nolan swallowed. His othersense was weak, his kah almost empty. He had no way of knowing if Garrett spoke the truth about his companions. Nolan thought he felt an echo that told him they still lived, but he was tired and weak, and he might only be imagining it.
But Garrett’s offer did not tempt him. Nolan knew that he was not going to survive any contact with this man who was once a ranger, not after what he had seen happen to Scythe. But even if Garrett had spoken the truth, Nolan still would not be tempted. Nolan was sometimes overly emotional, especially when it came to matters of life and death, but he would not trade his feelings for a lifetime of easy sleep. Strong feelings filled his life with color and flavor, and he thanked the gods for this difficult gift.
“Caring wasn’t what hurt you, Garrett,” Nolan said, knowing that it was useless to reason with the madman but feeling the need to try anyway. “What hurt was not letting us help you. You withdrew into your own world, and your hatred and pain led you to madness.”
“I’ve never felt less mad in my life,” Garrett said, and Nolan felt a pang of terror when he realized that Garrett spoke nothing but the truth. “You and your kind are the ones who are mad, throwing your lives away over an insubstantial concept like love or friendship. But we waste time. I have a long journey ahead of me, and I need your help to complete it.”
Garrett seized Nolan by the shoulders and brought his face close as if for a kiss. His breath smelled of blood and raw flesh. Nolan closed his eyes and turned his face away, knowing that it was useless. Garrett took Nolan by the hair and twisted, and Nolan cried out, bringing his head back around. Garrett’s mouth clamped down on Nolan’s, and the ranger felt as though air were being sucked out of his body.
Then Garrett froze and pulled back. He glared at Nolan and then he turned away. “Who’s doing that?” he shouted. “Wren, is this one of your tricks?”
“I’m doing it, stupid mortal man,” the Untamed said. She stood at the entrance to the cave, her wild hair in disarray and an expression of fierce concentration on her face. Her hands glowed white as if aflame.
“I’m not mortal anymore,” Garrett said. His own hands began to glow. “If you’re looking for power to steal, you’ve picked the wrong victim.”
The Untamed made a throwing motion with one glowing hand, and a ball of light flew at Nolan. “Catch!” she shouted, and Nolan struggled to obey. His hands would barely move, but he was able to move his head forward enough to catch the ball of light on his forehead. The light flashed and then disappeared, and Nolan felt warm kah-essence flow into him. He looked at Wren and this time his othersense told him with no doubt that his friend still lived.
Garrett drew his knife, and the Untamed blanched. Cold iron, Nolan thought vacantly; fairies can't handle it. But then she charged in low, swept one leg out and around, and knocked him flat on his back. There was a sharp crack; he had hit his head on a rock, and a trickle of blood flowed. The knife flew out of his hand, and he groaned.
“Grab Wren’s body and run!” the Untamed said. “I’ll follow you in a moment.”
Nolan paused long enough to grab his sword and sheathe it. Then he ran to Wren’s body. The ranger was lighter than Nolan, but it was still a struggle to pick up his prone body and throw it over his shoulder. Nolan galloped awkwardly toward the entrance, pausing at Grundhelm’s body.
“I’ll get it,” the Untamed said. “Now go, or I’ll lose my bargain.”
Nolan obeyed without question. The fresh air outside the cave revived him, and he took off south at a lope. The cave had been cold and stifling, but Nolan had not noticed until he came out into the natural warmth outside. The sun was setting, and a warm breeze caressed Nolan’s face. Nolan kept his head down toward the ground and kept running. The Untamed had not told him where to go, but anywhere would be an improvement. He hoped that she had a safe haven nearby; he felt strong now, but he thought that he would weaken again quickly.
There was a huge crashing sound behind him, and a whiff of dust and magic. The cave behind him must have collapsed. Nolan kept moving without pause. He had no idea who had prevailed in the confrontation between the Untamed and the mad ranger, and he would not know until one of them came after him.
“You can stop and rest now, mortal man,” the Untamed said. “He’s gone, for now.”
She had appeared at his right elbow without a sound, jogging alongside with Grundhelm’s limp body slung over her shoulder. She must be expending vast amounts of energy, for there was no way a delicate little female could be bearing such a burden by natural means.
Nolan slowed and then stopped. He set Wren down with a grunt of relief and promptly collapsed on the ground. His legs were shaking, as if the muscles had turned rubbery. Nolan had not realized how much energy he was using until it was over.
“These trees know me,” the Untamed said. She gestured at the surrounding woods—dark, tall trees that hovered over them like worried parents. “They’ll warn us if the Garrett comes close.”
“What happens to them now?” Nolan asked, gesturing at Wren and Grundhelm. “They’re still alive; I can feel it. But I have no healing magic, no way to help them revive.”
“They’re trapped in the space between this world and the mists that surround the Other Havens. You folk call it the Place Between. I believe that they will be allowed to return now that their bodies are safe.”
“What can we do?”
The Untamed shrugged. “Bind my betrothed’s wound and wait. It’s all we can do, for now.”
Nolan looked around for leaves or thin branches he could use for the binding, but then he turned back to the Untamed. “Your what?”
* * * * *
Wren came back to the world slowly, like a diver returning from the deep. First the darkness around him and the dwarf faded and lightened, like the sky just before dawn. Then everything went grey and white, and Wren found it hard to breathe. There was a sharp pain in his side, and his head ached as if he had drunk too much ale. He could hear Grundhelm groaning and complaining somewhere nearby.
“Wren, are you all right?” Nolan asked.
“No, but I’m still alive,” Wren mumbled around a dry tongue. “Water.”
“Here.” Something wet and cold was pressed against Wren’s lips, and he sucked greedily. Sweet water flowed down his throat, and Wren felt his headache lessening. He opened his eyes and looked into the mist-grey eyes of the Untamed. Nolan hovered behind her, his face a mask of worry. To his left, Grundhelm was already sitting up on his own and guzzling water out of Nolan’s flask.
“What did Scythe do to you?” Wren asked the dwarf. “I never saw what knocked you out.”
“Hit me with a lightning bolt and tried to drain my kah,” Grundhelm said shortly. He wiped his mouth and drained the last of the water with a swig and a gulp. “Dwarves can’t be killed that way, though. Our kahs are too deep or something. Somebody explained it to me once, but I forget the details.”
“So you weren’t in danger of dying,” Wren said. He touched his side, where Nolan had fashioned a compress of leaves the Untamed had pointed out as healing plants. The Untamed held one hand over the wound, and Wren felt healing warmth trickle into the wound. Apparently she also had healing magic.
“I wouldn’t say that. When he knocked me out, he also paralyzed me so I couldn’t breathe.”
“Nolan, what happened in the cave after we lost consciousness?” Wren asked. “Does Garrett still live?”
Nolan told them with a heart filled with dread. “I failed,” he concluded. “The gods never intended for me to save Garrett; I was to take him out before Scythe could merge with him. Now he’s as mad as the wizard, and he has a ranger’s powers. If anything, he’s more dangerous than Scythe ever was.”
The Untamed nodded. “I can feel him,” she said. “I’m not connected with the fairies anymore, but I can still feel the vibrations and balances of the world around me. He’s a real danger to the forests and the creatures that live there. He’s like a small, hot wildfire, and he can’t be doused.”
Nolan and Wren looked at each other. “The gryphons,” Wren said. “He knows that the gryphons helped us, and he’ll target them next.”
“If he moves south, and I expect he will, they’ll be right in his path, and with the power he has now—“ Nolan tried to climb to his feet, but he was still too weak to walk. He staggered a step or two and collapsed again. Wren reached out and touched his elbow sympathetically.
“Guess I don’t have to ask where we’re going,” Grundhelm said. “But what do we do once we get there?”
The Untamed shivered and rubbed her arms as if chilled. “I don’t want to get close to that thing again,” she said. “The fire doesn’t care what it burns, and I have mortal flesh now.”
“You don’t have to help us further,” Wren said. “You have already fulfilled your side of the bargain.”
“Yes, and about that bargain Wren—“ Nolan began, but Wren stilled him with a look that plainly said, Not now.
“You are my betrothed now, according to our bargain,” the Untamed said. “I’ve watched mortal humans, and they follow each other like sheep. I must do the same. Where you go, I must go.”
Grundhelm rolled his eyes at Nolan, but Nolan was not amused. Wren had made a disturbing pact with the once-fairy, and Nolan did not think that Wren had thought the ramifications through. But that was not their immediate concern.
“Can you contact Lily?” Nolan asked the Untamed.
“I think so,” the Untamed said. “She has been watching us, so she should know if we wish to communicate with her.”
“What about that Word of Power you told me about?” Nolan asked. “The key that Scythe used to slip into his mind?”
“There might be a way to turn the key off, or disarm it,” Wren said. “That might stem the tide of his madness and allow some of the old Garrett to return.”
“There is too much that we do not know about the human mind,” Nolan said, almost to himself. “How much of his madness is caused by Scythe’s magic, and how much is weakness of character? Does it make any difference?”
“I think that it does, brother,” Wren said. “If it is Scythe’s magic and influence that drove him into the dark, then I believe the Word of Power is the key to stopping him. If he is mad because he is weak and evil in nature, then he will only be stopped by brute force, more force than we have.”
The Untamed cocked her head. “The strange girl you call Lily says that she’ll help all she can. She also said that your strength will be returning shortly.”
Wren moved his legs back and forth, feeling some strength returning already. “I cannot believe that I never sensed Lily to have the Gift,” he said. “She must have some sort of shielding, or perhaps it is just the simplicity of her mind, that makes her power hard to detect. She must also be incredibly powerful to be able to do so much at a distance.”
“So what’s the plan?” Grundhelm asked. “My arse is going numb sitting here.”
“The Untamed can move us south of Garrett, directly in his path,” Wren said. “We intercept him, confront him, and defeat him before he can do any damage to the gryphon pride or the people of Hermitage.”
“Sounds easy,” Grundhelm said. “How do we do all that?”
Wren sighed. “It won’t be easy. The Word may be the key, but I’m not sure which way to turn it. It’s at a time like this that I wish I had completed my apprenticeship.”
The Untamed jumped to her feet. “Something’s coming,” she said. “It smells like the Garrett-fire, but it isn’t him.”
Grundhelm stood up and peered into the sky. “Did Garrett learn Scythe’s little trick of controlling animals’ minds?” he asked.
“He didn’t have to learn,” Nolan said, feeling sick to his stomach. “All Rangers of the Light can do it, but we’re forbidden to use such powers unless there is dire need.” He fumbled for his sword, but his arm was too weak to lift it more than a handbreadth. Wren muttered something under his breath, something that sounded like a spell or a prayer.
There was a heavy flapping sound, and four harpies crashed into the ground in front of them. Their human breasts were heaving with exhaustion, and their wings were half-unfolded. Nolan squeezed his sword tight, hoping to bluff them, and Grundhelm tightened both fists. If they were under Garrett’s control, this could be very bad, but for the moment they did nothing, only stood on the ground and struggled to catch their breaths.
Nolan had never seen a harpy so close up before. They resembled women in the face and breasts, but their eyes were a trifle beady, their noses a trifle long and beakish to pass for human. Their breasts dangled flatly and were not at all attractive to the eye. Nolan wondered in passing if those breasts served a purpose, if harpies nursed their young or if they ate regurgitated meat like other carrion birds. Their faces and bodies were smeared with dirt and other substances, and they smelled of burnt paper.
“Thisss one ssmellsss right,” one of the harpies said at last. The others rustled agreement.
“Do you need to tell us something?” Wren asked.
“These are survivors of the flock Scythe manipulated,” Nolan guessed. “They might know something about Garrett.”
“We thought you might like to know,” the speaker said in her low, sibilant voice, “that the bad one issss moving. He threatenssss our nessstsss.”
“What is he doing, exactly?” Wren asked.
“He sssucksss the very warmth from the air. We cannot warm our eggsss nor our chicksss becausssse it issss ssso cold.”
“He has picked up a trick or two from Scythe,” Nolan said grimly. “Lady Harpy, we are on our way to rid these wilds of the bad one.”
“Sssee?” the speaker said to her companions, launching herself into the air. Half a dozen grey feathers swirled in the downdraft. “I told you sssome humansss were worth sssomething.” The others followed without a word, and a moment later the harpies were gone.
“That’s part of my vision,” Nolan said. “There’s a nesting ground somewhere close by. The she-fox and her cubs—that must have meant the harpy nests.”
“What’s so special about harpy nests that the gods have to send visions about them?” Grundhelm grumbled. “Damn carrion birds are nothing but trouble anyway.”
“Harpies are very important to the Circle,” Nolan said. “They clean up what other animals won’t touch.”
“Got that right,” Grundhelm said.
Wren slowly climbed to his feet. His wound still hurt, but his strength was creeping back, and he felt ready to travel. “I think we had better move,” he said. “Can you take us through another shortcut to intercept Garrett?” he asked the Untamed.
She nodded. “This way.” She tripped lightly over to a pair of trees growing very close together. “Take hands as you did before,” she said. “Ranger Nolan, you should close your eyes, I think.”
Nolan thought that he ought to bristle at the suggestion that he was too afraid to enter the Place Between with his eyes open, but he had never been one for manly bluster. He did as he was told and closed his eyes.
It was too bad that he did, because one more pair of eyes in the dark might have saved them from the horror that was to come. One more pair of eyes might have seen what the others missed, seen what watched their passage with hunger.
* * * * *
There. Garrett’s eyes narrowed. The fabric of the mortal plane was pulling apart, leaving an opening into the Place Between. His enemies were passing through that opening, hoping to avoid him. No chance. As he walked, Garrett pulled energy out of the ground beneath his feet and filled his already overflowing kah. A ley-line would be an ideal source of power, but Garrett was no mage, despite the power he had stolen from Scythe. A ley-line would burn him badly, and possibly kill him. His head still ached a bit from where the Untamed had collapsed the cave on his head.
Walking wasn’t like walking. Garrett felt pulled along, as if he were sliding over the ground. The trees passed him as though he were jogging, but Garrett did not feel winded. He didn’t even feel tired. He felt nothing at all.
Garrett felt living things crowding around the opening into the Place Between. Some of them had a flesh shape, while others were no more real than a breath of wind. One live thing in particular was staying close to Garrett’s enemies and watching them with hungry eyes. It remembered them from before. On a whim, Garrett Called it.
Rangers could communicate with any living thing in the mortal world and most could charm and control them as well. It was of course immoral to do any such thing for personal gain, but morality was part of Garrett’s dark, distant past. He Called the living thing not out of malicious intent but more out of curiosity. He knew he could control any being in the mortal plane, but could he control something from the outside?
The living thing from the Place Between felt canine to Garrett, like a huge dog or wolf. It was heavily bound and chained, which awoke Garrett’s curiosity further. Why should a monster of the Place Between be bound in such a way? The Place Between itself was prison enough. Garrett loosened the beast’s shackles just enough to let it come through the opening. He showed them a picture of his enemies, particularly that of the Untamed. He had a score to settle with that one.
Chapter Fifteen
Krek looked up from the dead deer he was tearing at. The rest of the pride had already eaten; contrary to tradition, Krek always let his pride eat first, and he finished what was left. There was plenty left; the heart and liver were untouched, and they were Krek’s favorite.
Do you feel that? Irsa asked. She clicked her beak nervously.
Krek’s crest rose and fell. It wasn’t a physical feeling, nor a sound exactly, but it felt a bit like both. Like a humming in his bones and feathers.
What’s going on with those ranger friends of yours? Irsa asked.
A good question. Krek had lost track of them since they had helped kill the Beholder, but perhaps their troubles were not over. He lifted his beak to the breeze and sniffed deeply. They were too far away to smell with his physical nostrils, but his animal othersense was far keener.
At first he could not find them at all, and that was strange. Krek wondered if they were dead. But then he sensed the big fair-pelted one alive and running from something. A moment later he felt the others, the dark-pelted human and the dwarf. There was another presence with them, one that smelled human but not quite. The not-human scent was not a threat to them, so Krek ignored it.
Then he felt something else, something that made all his hackles stand on end. The rest of the pride sensed it as well; Krek could tell by their raised hackles and quivering wings. It was dark and not human at all. And it was following the rangers.
What is that? Krek asked.
It’s like the Beholder, Irsa replied. It smells like the Beholder, but it’s much, much bigger. And it can think.
Can you read its thoughts? Krek asked.
No, but I can feel it thinking. Can’t you?
Krek concentrated, but after a moment he lowered his crest in negation. I don’t feel what you feel, he said. Tell me.
Irsa lowered her head and closed her eyes. It’s bigger than the Beholder, she said again. It’s not thinking by itself. It’s using someone else to think for it. I don’t understand. It’s like a monster with the mind of a human.
A Beholder with the reasoning power of a man. Krek’s hackles rose so tightly it hurt.
We should flee, another gryphon said. Go home where it’s safe.
Irsa looked at Krek. Should we? she asked. Or should we stay close by, in case the humans need us again?
Krek shook himself all over. I want to go home, he said. I want to hide in the depths of the Coldfire Forest and never see another human again. I am tired of humans and their troubles.
There was a general agreement among the rest of the pride. But what of the monster? Irsa asked. Can the humans kill it by themselves? And if they do not, what will it do to us?
Nothing, if we hide in the Coldfires, the other male gryphon, Jak, said. In the deepest parts, where the unicorns rule.
The unicorns cannot protect us from this, Irsa said. I feel its cold death from here.
Krek stood still as a stone. He hated this. He knew that the humans and the monster behind them meant likely death for him and his pride. But he sensed the truth in Irsa’s words. If they did not again come to the humans’ aid, then the monster would find them anyway, and their chances would be even slimmer.
Follow me, he said at last. We will help the humans. And one way or another, this will be the last time.
* * * * *
Nolan felt Wren grip his right hand tightly while Grundhelm held on to his left. The Untamed was presumably holding Wren’s other hand as she had before. Nolan did not know what was going to happen to Wren when this was over. Apparently Wren had agreed to marry the once-fairy in exchange for her aid, but Nolan wondered if he had even thought the whole thing through. But perhaps Wren thought it unlikely that he would survive the current adventure, so there was no point in worrying about the future.
They came out of the Place Between into an open glade that was not immediately familiar to Nolan. There was a cool wind blowing that made Nolan think of autumn leaves, but the foliage was as lush and green as any. “He’s close,” Wren said. “We came out in the perfect place; he’s just a moment or two north of here.”
Nolan glanced around and saw an odd thing. There was a man-high swath of blackness hovering a finger-width or two off the ground. It was oval in shape, smooth around the edges, and perfectly flat. “What is that?” he asked. Then he knew; it was the portal they had just stepped through. It hung open like a window, defying all laws of nature.
The Untamed was pale and trembling. Her tattered wings shivered like dead autumn leaves clinging against the winter wind. Her lips were the color of mulberries. “Something is holding it open,” she whispered.
“You can’t close it?” Wren asked. Nolan was still holding his hand, and he felt his friend tremble. “Why not?”
“I shouldn’t have to!” the Untamed shrilled. “It closes on its own! The fabric of this plane is self-healing, it always has been. Might as well ask why I can’t make the sun shine! Something—is holding—it open!” Her voice hiccupped with fear.
“Garrett,” Nolan said. “Garrett is doing this somehow. Wren, can you find out what he is doing?”
“I don’t want to,” Wren said. He let go of Nolan’s hand and black away from the black swath of Place Between that had no business there in the warm sun of the real world. “Not this close to that. I could attract something.”
“It’s already coming,” the Untamed said. “We can’t stop it.”
Grundhelm had been silent all this time. When Nolan looked at him, expecting some sort of rough comment or advice, the dwarf shrugged sullenly. “I have no experience with this sort of thing,” he said. “I leave it up to the magical folk to decide what to do about a magical threat.”
Grundhelm was terrified. Not of death, not of the Place Between, but the unknown. Danger was coming toward them, something unnatural that no mortal had ever seen before and lived. Nolan felt a surge of sympathy.
“Let’s go,” Wren said, and they ran.
They left the black gash of Place Between behind quickly. Soon they were surrounded by the warm green life of the natural world, but Nolan’s equilibrium did not recover; he felt the same cold fear that he had felt while standing right next to the thing. A glance at his companions told him that it was not his imagination. The others felt the same. The Untamed was still pale as milk, and Wren was sweating, his eyes wild. Grundhelm kept his head lowered, his arms and legs pumping steadily. Nolan could not see his face at all.
“Come on!” Wren shouted. He grabbed Nolan’s arm with one hand and the Untamed with the other. Nolan barely had time to hook his free arm around Grundhelm’s thick-muscled arm before they were leaping forward like a carriage drawn by a mustang. Nolan’s feet left the ground briefly, and he shouted with fear. His arm yanked painfully under Grundhelm’s weight, but he held on nevertheless. Grundhelm still said nothing. He kept his face turned firmly down to the ground.
Wren was panicking, using his power to move them forward faster when he ought to be conserving his strength. Nolan understood what was happening, but he could not find breath to speak. His heart and stomach were leaping about like a rabbit in a snare. And all the time that cold, sick fear was still with him, still with them all. That horrible sense of something coming, something cold and unnatural and hungry. Nolan could almost feel it on his skin, like ice cold breath. It was that feeling that drove them on, that kept Wren in a continuous, draining panic.
Later, when Nolan could think coherently again, he would reflect that he’d had nightmares like this before. Dreams of being chased through the brush by something cold and deadly, running on limbs that felt like molasses, and somehow knowing that there was no use in running, because something even worse was waiting for him just ahead.
Please let me wake up, he prayed. I want to wake up, I want my pa, I want to wake up.
“Stop,” the Untamed whispered. “Wren, stop.” The wind was whipping their faces, but Nolan could still hear the once-fairy.
“I can’t,” Wren gasped. “We have to keep going.” Another horrible bound, another mindless thrust forward, away from danger and into the unknown.
“Beloved, you must stop,” the Untamed said. “We must face it.”
Wren’s grip on Nolan’s arm relaxed a trifle, and their velocity slowed. “We must face it,” Wren repeated. “Of course. If we haven’t lost it by now, we aren’t going to. We need to fight.”
Nolan heaved a sigh of relief to feel solid ground beneath his feet again. He let go of Grundhelm’s arm, noting the reddish bruises forming where his fingers had clamped down, and the dwarf promptly collapsed. Nolan leaned over, alarmed, but Wren shook his head. “He’s all right,” he said. “He just had the wind knocked out of him.” The dwarf lay on the ground, breathing hard. He looked pale under his ruddy complexion; the panic that had gripped the rangers had also affected the sturdy dwarf.
“I know the feeling,” Nolan said. He looked around. The coldness was still there, neither advancing nor retreating. Nolan shivered, but there was no sense that the evil pursuing them had drawn any closer.
“It only chases us when we run,” the Untamed said.
“What is it?” Wren asked. He fingered his crossbow, useless now without bolts to load it.
“I don’t know,” the Untamed said, “but I think your mortal friend Garrett might have a better idea by now.”
“What do you mean?” Nolan asked.
A crackle and a shiver and Garrett was there. “Hello, old friends,” he said.
The coldness radiated from him like a dark sun. Gooseflesh broke out all over Nolan’s body, and Grundhelm shivered in the grass. Nolan reached for his sword. “What’s happened to you?” he asked. “How did you do this?”
“I wanted to see. I learned. The darkness, the void of the Place Between, is alive.” Garrett grinned. His lips peeled back to expose teeth as white as maggots and dark, bloody gums. His hands crackled with contained power.
“I called it.”
Grundhelm sat up groggily. He put one hand to his head and groaned. “Where is it?” he slurred. “I fought it once, I’ll fight it again.”
Garrett took a step forward. He raised one skeleton-thin hand. “It remembers you,” he said. “You tried to escape.” With his othersense Nolan saw traces of power shiver down the lengths of his fingertips.
“You can’t escape the dark once it knows your true-name.”
Cold-white power lashed out from Garrett’s fingertips. Nolan shouted and drew his sword, knowing full well that it was hopeless, that cold steel was no match for this creature. The Garrett he had known was gone, lost in madness and power. Grundhelm raised one fist in a feeble attempt to strike back one last time.
A golden furred body swept down from the trees above, shrieking. The bolt of lightning flashed outward, but the gryphon intercepted it, taking the full force of Garrett’s power square in its leonine breast. One last wailing shriek, and the gryphon collapsed in a heap of feathers and fur. Garrett blinked. “I never saw a gryphon die to save a dwarf before,” he said vaguely. “What an interesting day this is turning out to be.”
The gryphon’s name was Irsa. Nolan knew this as easily as he knew his own name, and he sensed the grief of the gryphon pride that hovered just out of sight. One among them especially was saddened and horror-stricken, the pride leader that had first approached them. Perhaps that had been his mate.
Nolan’s grip on his sword tightened. There were other gryphons about; he could feel them in the trees and in the air overhead. If he had to sacrifice himself to keep the gryphons from dying, then he would do so. The young coyote in his dream—that was the gryphon pride.
Don’t be afraid, a voice said in his head. It was a woman’s voice, one he had not heard in years.
Nolan’s muscles loosened. Diana? he asked.
Of course. Do you think that I would lead you all this way and then leave you to die? Something soft brushed his body, like the hair of a lover.
I failed, Lady. I was supposed to kill Garrett, to keep him from doing this. I failed, and now matters are worse.
The cold was intensifying, and Nolan could almost see his breath. Why did Garrett not strike? The dark ranger was standing still as a statue, seeming not even to breathe.
I stopped time for a moment so that we could talk. Have you met my friend Lily yet? Diana’s inaudible voice was warm in his ear, driving back the terrible cold.
I know Lily. Is she one of your people?
They say in your world that the simple-minded are gods-touched. And just between us, they usually are. Lily’s mind is free and uncluttered by selfishness and petty concerns. Almost no so-called “normal” person has such a perfect spirit.
What are you going to do? Nolan asked. Can Lily help us? Can you?
I am going to offer you a terrible choice. Please know that I do not do this out of mean spirit, but only because it is the only way. You will likely hate me for it and hate yourself as well.
Nolan swallowed. This was the way of the gods. Everything had a price, and it was usually paid in blood or grief. What is the choice?
Lily can become a vessel. If I work through her, we can defeat Garrett and send the cold one back to the Place Between. But—
Nolan waited. Finally he said, But?
It will kill Lily’s human body. So I can save all of you and the rest of the world, but she will die.
Nolan shook his head. I can’t make that decision, he said. Only Lily can decide her fate.
She already has. She wants to do it.
Then why consult me?
Because you will be our anchor in this world. Without you as our focus, I will burn through her kah and destroy her in moments, to no purpose. I need your full cooperation and sacrifice, as much as I need hers.
Nolan nodded. He could refuse Diana’s bargain, and Lily’s life would be saved—for the present. But how long would she live once Garrett’s influence took hold and spread? How long would any of them live? It was really no choice at all. Can you keep time frozen? he asked. I want to think for a moment.
Yes. For a moment.
Nolan sat down on the earth and closed his eyes. He did not have Wren’s gift for touching the lines under the earth, but he had the ranger’s natural sense of the world around him. He could see through the eyes of the creatures of the forest, and he could sense wrongness approaching before it manifested. He did none of these things now, though; the creatures of the forest were locked in time, and the wrongness that threatened them all was standing before them, wearing an old friend’s face and form. Even in stasis Garrett’s eyes glittered.
There really was no choice to be made. Nolan knew that he had to do whatever it took to save them all from the menace Garrett had summoned. He extended his othersense to the former ranger and recoiled at what he found there: nothing but blood and the desire for blood. The thing that lived under Garrett’s skin and wore his face like a mask was older than mortal life, and it had spent its entire existence dreaming of death. Its kah felt familiar to Nolan. It reminded him of the slaverbitten dog.
This was it, then. Nolan had to do what Diana asked. He had to sacrifice Lily.
“Nolan get up!” Wren shouted. “He’s coming!”
Chapter Sixteen
Nolan scrambled to his feet and drew his sword. He felt it again, that chilling, horrible sense of something stalking him. It was dark and wolf-like, and it had very sharp teeth.
Garrett’s face was in shadow as he moved toward them, but his hands glowed with blue-white fire. There was something inhuman about his manner, something animal. The way he walked, the way he cocked his head to one side, he looked something like a wolf and something like a coyote. His hands were hands, but the way he held them and curled his fingers suggested paws. He did not walk toward them; he stalked. If Garrett was now a wolf, he was a wolf with the blood-lust of an orc and the madness of a man.
As Nolan raised his sword, Garrett raised one hand and white lightning flashed out at them. The sky darkened overhead, and a chill breeze swept the trees. Wren raised both hands and blocked the blast, sending the lightning fragments scattering harmlessly among the foliage. His face was very pale, and the Untamed looked terrified. Her black wings shivered.
Nolan looked for the gryphons. They were close by, some flying past overhead and some hiding in the trees around them. They were watching over Nolan and the others, but they were not ready to land and fight. They were waiting. He sent up a tentative greeting and felt the brush of a distant reply. The gryphons were here, but their thoughts were elsewhere.
Wren muttered something under his breath, and the Untamed took his arm. Garrett stepped forward and raised both hands this time, sending wild lightning bolts shattering into the group. Once again Wren was able to block the attack, but he staggered back a pace. The Untamed sagged, now clinging to Wren instead of supporting him. Wren must be drawing on her kah to bolster his own strength, Nolan thought. Where was Diana?
I am here, Nolan, her quiet voice said in his mind., but you must hold him in place for a few more minutes. It will take time for us to reach you.
Please hurry, he thought uselessly. He didn’t want to die.
Garrett raised his left hand and sketched a rune in the air before him. His finger left trails of blue light in the air as it moved. For a split second before it faded, Nolan saw the entire rune and its asymmetrical, jagged form made him shiver. Wren let out a low whimper, like a frightened dog. Either he recognized the rune and its power, or he sensed what Garrett was using it for.
There was a deep, guttural snarl from the brush to Nolan’s left. He turned that way, gripping his sword in readiness, only to hear another snarl behind him. Then they were all around him, growling and snarling as madly as any slaverbitten animal. But slaverbite did not frighten Nolan the way this did. Slaverbite was part of the Circle. This was not.
Garrett grinned.
The wolves padded into view. There were at least ten of them, maybe more, all huge and bristle-coated. An entire wolf pack, maybe even two packs combined, though Nolan had never heard of such a thing. Nolan tried to communicate with the largest male, guessing him to be the leader, but his mind was blocked. Nolan pressed harder, hoping to break the control Garrett held over the beast, but the wolf bared its fangs and charged. The others followed.
Two of the gryphons broke away from the pride and swooped down toward them, but the wolves were closer and moving faster.
* * * * *
Lily was sleeping peacefully, as she had been for several days now. Fern stood over her with a cup of water in her hand, wishing for something that she knew would never happen. I just want her to be normal, she told the gods. I want her to be normal, and I want her to be happy. That’s all.
She prayed to the gods this way every day, but she had never received a reply. She no longer expected one.
Fern, a woman’s voice said.
What? Fern thought back without thinking. She supposed that the voice was only her overactive imagination. When she was a child she had thought that gremlins were stealing their soup stock. She had eventually found out that it was only the serving boy.
Stand back.
Why?
There was no reply. Only silence. Fern waited.
Then a wild wind swept through the bedroom, blowing cold against Fern’s face and whipping her hair. Fern jumped off the bed and backed away from Lily, for the wind seemed to be coming from her. A white-gold aura formed and glowed around Lily’s sleeping body, and Fern squinted against the light. She started toward her sister, still not comprehending, and the glowing aura burst into a brilliant explosion of fire-light. But there was no heat, and nothing around them was burned. Fern stumbled to her knees, still thinking only of her sister. Her eyes danced with the brilliant light that surrounded Lily’s body.
“Fern, are you all right?” Lily asked.
Fern blinked and shook her head, trying to clear away the red spots that clouded her vision. “I think so,” she said. “What happened?”
“I’m sorry, Fern. I did not know that you would be in the room when I came in. You’ll be all right, though, once your vision clears.”
Fern looked up. Lily was standing over her with her hands at her sides, not playing with her hair, not staring out the window. Just looking down at Fern. Her expression was kind, but edged with anxiety.
“You’re not my sister,” Fern managed to say.
The woman who she had thought was Lily smiled sadly. “No, I’m not. There’s a terrible emergency to the north of us, and we had to intervene. I am sorry about your sister, but we truly had no choice.”
“Who are you?”
“I am Diana. We need to get to the north, to the Coldfire Forest quickly. Can you help us?”
“Of course,” Fern said. “I want to come with you. Lily might need me.” She spoke the words without thinking, but vertigo was overtaking her. Her head was swimming. Any moment now she was going to wake up in her own bed. The colors around her seemed too bright, too sharp. Her head tilted back, and the ceiling looked down at her.
“Not now!” There was a sharp crack, and Fern jumped to her feet. The dizziness was gone. “I need you conscious. Can you show us the way outside?”
Fern mutely led the Lily-being down the stairs and out of the inn. There were few customers in the pub, it being so early in the morning, but the few that were there took a double-take when they saw Lily. Fern understood. Lily was standing tall and straight, her hair hanging smooth at her sides and well away from her mouth and hands. Her eyes were clear and determined, the eyes of a woman instead of a child. Fern wondered if she would ever see her sister again.
They stood in the tiny courtyard outside the inn. Lily—or rather, Diana—looked about, getting her bearings. “North,” she said, pointing. “I must go that way, and quickly.”
“I want to come with you,” Fern said. The sense of unreality was washing over her again and she felt the dizziness returning.
“I wish you could,” Diana said. “You have always been there for Lily, and you always want to do what’s best by her. It would only be fair for you to be with her at this time, but it’s not possible; I shall be using all my power to get us there alone. Farewell, Fern.”
A warm breeze brushed Fern’s face and she closed her eyes briefly. When she opened them, Diana and her sister were gone.
* * * * *
Nolan’s back was pressed against a thick maple tree, and his sword was a silvery blur in front of him. Beside him, Grundhelm fought clumsily with Nolan’s little boot knife. He was not used to fighting with such a small weapon, but he was holding his own with little difficulty. The blade was short but sharp, and although Grundhelm had been bitten several times, none of the wolves had given him a mortal wound.
Half a dozen of the wolves surrounded the two warriors, while the others stalked Wren and the Untamed. Wren’s face was white as milk and dripping with sweat. His eyes were blood-red, as though he had been breathing smoke. The Untamed looked no better, and small black feathers were dropping from her wings.
The gryphons that had landed attacked the wolves from the rear, trying to attract their attention, but the wolves’ attention was focused entirely on the treed humans. The wolves fought the gryphons to defend themselves, but they did not attack the bird-lions in earnest. Three gryphons remained above the fighting, waiting for Nolan knew not what. Perhaps they, too, had received a message from the goddess.
Wren conserved his strength as well as he could, keeping the wolves back with short bursts of power, but Garrett was attacking him with the wizard-power he had stolen from Scythe. He fired blast after blast of lightning at Wren and the others, which Wren was hard put to fend off. Wren drew on the Untamed and Nolan as much as he could for added energy, but it still was not enough.
Nolan swung his sword for what felt like the millionth time, feeling a familiar ache in his arms and shoulders. His blade connected with the muzzle of a wolf, drawing blood but not killing the beast. The wolves were wickedly fast; they seemed to anticipate his blows the way a human opponent would. Grundhelm was not even trying for killing strikes; wisely he held himself in one place and used the knife to fend them off when they charged. His eyes glinted as he slashed at them, and Nolan thought that the dwarf was relieved to finally be in his element, fighting a physical threat.
Beads of blood were forming at Wren’s temples, like the sweat that no longer flowed from him. His skin was thinning, etched away by his draining kah. His hands were clenched as hard as marbles, and Nolan saw blood dripping from his fists. Wren was dying, and there was nothing Nolan could do about it.
I am here, Nolan, Diana said in his mind. We can help you now.
Garrett sent out a wild blast of lightning, then another. The air around them crackled madly, and Nolan smelled burning leaves. Wren cried out, in despair as much as pain, and blood gushed from his nose and eyes. He fell to his knees, and the Untamed dropped to his side. She ran her hands over his face, heedless of the blood that smeared her lily-white fingers, and Wren’s bleeding slowed. But he was still doomed, if Diana did not step in quickly. Garrett laughed and raised his hands for the killing strike.
“Over here, Fenris,” a woman called.
Wolf-Garrett turned to see a beautiful young woman emerging from the trees. Her eyes glowed and so did her hands. “You need to go home now, Fenris,” she said.
Garrett pointed at Wren and the Untamed and then clenched his fist. Wren screamed, and the Untamed screamed too, as though she felt his pain. Blood once again gushed from the ranger’s face. The threat was obvious, but Diana was unfazed.
“They have chosen to sacrifice themselves to me,” Diana said. “If you kill them, they will join my kah, and we will still destroy you.”
Garrett and the young woman faced off. Nolan knew that it was not Garrett anymore, and he ought to stop thinking of him as Garrett. But he still could not bear to think of that unnatural being from the Place Between wearing his friend’s body like a human suit of armor. Better to think of Garrett, think of him going mad and turning to the darkness, rather than think of what he must have experienced in those last moments as his consciousness was swallowed.
While Nolan was distracted, a wolf slipped in under his blade and bit him high on the thigh. Grundhelm turned and stabbed the wolf in the shoulder, and the beast let go and turned on the dwarf. The others closed in, sensing a quick kill, but Nolan recovered from the bite enough to strike and slash them and push them back again. He felt warm blood gushing down his thigh, more blood than he would have expected from a shallow puncture wound. His kah, too, was drained, as was Wren’s, and his body was feeling the effects. If not for the fighting spirit coursing through his veins, he should have collapsed long ago.
Nolan felt Diana in his mind, a warm, womanly feel that reminded Nolan of Mama Darsey’s hugs. He could also feel the shifting minds behind Diana. She was the one who had entered the mortal plane, but there were others with her, giving her strength.
“Wren!” Diana shouted with Lily’s mouth. “Say the Word of Power!”
“Are you sure?” Wren asked. He couldn’t look up, blood was still dripping from his eyes and nose and mouth. His hands looked as though he was wearing red-black gloves, and his light-weave shirt was darkening to red-black.
“Why are you questioning the goddess?” the Untamed said. “Do it!”
“Do what?” Wren asked. He couldn’t think, couldn’t concentrate on what was being said. He was losing too much blood, and it was addling his wits.
The Untamed cuffed the back of his head, lightly. A gout of blood spurted from his ears. “We have no time for this! Say the Word!”
Wren finally started to understand. He was dizzy and sick, and he wanted nothing more than to fall to the soft grass and sleep. But he knew that way meant death. He blinked blood out of his eyes and looked up at Garrett. “I hope this isn’t a mistake,” he said. “Yahator.”
Wren’s eyes burned suddenly, as if he had been jabbed with a match. He heard Nolan shout something, but he could not open his eyes to see.
Something hard and cold gripped his throat, cutting off his air. Then Wren knew no more.
* * * * *
Grundhelm was fighting the wolves with all his physical strength, but his mind was elsewhere. So accustomed was he to fighting for his life that he could have fended off an entire army of wolves while composing battle-hymns. Nolan was fighting at his side –a fine companion, though he was no dwarf. It helped Grundhelm’s opinion of the big warrior that the fairy-creature would have little to do with him.
Grundhelm’s mind wandered, drifting in odd directions. He felt as though he were falling asleep, though his mind and body were both awake and alert. They were just—drifting apart. The air about him seemed thin as paper, and he could see another world through it.
Now he stood in a wide, flat field. The sky overhead was a blue and cloudless dome, and the grass below was as flat as a rug. There was a large tree some distance away, and as Grundhelm squinted the tree grew taller. No, not taller. The tree was getting closer, though Grundhelm’s feet did not move. His arms were still tense and sore, and he could still feel the wolves biting at him, but he could barely see the real world anymore.
Now the tree loomed over him like a forbidding parent. Grundhelm felt no fear; he felt nothing at all, though he was thinking vaguely that he’d always hated magical nonsense like this. No doubt a talking bird would appear in the branches and utter some nonsensical prophecy that would do Grundhelm no good at all. Prophecies were a waste of time; one never fully understood them until it was too late to change anything one might have done differently.
There was a huge man hanging by his neck from the lowest branch of the tree. His head was cocked to one side, giving his swollen and purple face a quizzical expression. His tongue protruded like an enormous sausage. As Grundhelm watched, the man’s feet twitched spasmodically, and he groaned. He looked a bit like Nolan, as if they were related.
Standing next to Grundhelm was a young man with yellow-orange hair. He was watching the hanged man twitch and shiver, and his eyes danced like flames despite the sorrow in his face.
“What happened here?” Grundhelm asked. “Why don’t you cut him down?” Pity and sorrow were trying to well up past the numbness. He could still feel his body fighting the wolves, and he thought one of them had scored. His shoulder hurt.
“That is my brother,” the young man said. “I have been seeking his counsel.”
“But he’s dying! Why don’t you cut him down?”
“He won’t die. He has sacrificed himself to wisdom, to hang for nine days and nine nights. If I cut him down before his time, he will be terribly insulted.”
“Is he in pain?”
“Probably. But it is not my place to intrude. I am only the trickster, not the wise one.”
“I’ve met you before,” Grundhelm said, catching on. “You were a coyote then.”
Loki nodded. “I have been trying to decide what to do about the Untamed. Brother Odin does not know either.”
There was a brief silence. From far away Grundhelm heard Wren’s voice. Wren uttered a strange word that sent a shiver down Grundhelm’s short spine and loosened some of his numbness.
“You’d better hurry back,” Loki said. “Something is about to happen.”
Grundhelm nodded, and the tree began to draw away. The hanged man’s bulging eyes rolled in their sockets. “Loki,” he choked.
Loki straightened. “Brother?”
“Tell the short one—“ a harsh, rattling breath—“ about your son.”
Loki bowed his head. “Yes, brother Odin,” he said.
“Go back now,” Loki said to Grundhelm. The tree shrank farther and farther, sapling to twig, and Loki’s voice quieted to a whisper in his ear.
“My son Fenris was banished lifetimes ago to an island in the Place Between. He was bound with a cord of impossible things, a cord that holds him still. Your old friend loosened that bond when he called to Fenris, and he bound my son to himself. Fenris must not be freed. If he breaks free of Garrett’s mind, Ragnarok will come, the end of all things. This cannot be allowed. There is still much for me to do. You must keep him captive.”
As the tree disappeared into the blue-green horizon, Grundhelm heard the trickster’s last, musing words. “I haven’t even stolen the necklace yet…”
Grundhelm came back to the real world with a start. The wolves were circling him and Nolan, bloodied and snarling with frustration. The gryphons were finally getting through the wolves, driving them away from Nolan and Grundhelm. Nolan was looking from the wolves to Garrett and tightening his grip on his sword. Grundhelm understood. Nolan was about to throw his life away on a foolhardy charge at the wizard-wolf Garrett. It was a move that Grundhelm would have admired, if not for Loki’s warning.
“Nolan, no!” Grundhelm shouted. “You can’t kill him yet!”
Nolan looked down. “What?”
“If you kill Garrett now, you will release Fenris. If Fenris gets loose, the world will end.” It sounded so simple, so simple and insane.
“Wren spoke the Word of Power,” Nolan said. “But he’s unconscious. I don’t know if the Word worked.”
“Look,” Grundhelm said.
Garrett feinted, striking out with a bolt of lightning. Diana countered it easily, sending it back. Garrett blinked and stepped back as if confused.
“It’s working,” Nolan said. “Wren’s disrupted Garrett’s power somehow, the power he stole from Scythe.”
“It’s not over yet,” Grundhelm said. “Fenris is still there. We’ve just forced him to act faster.”
Garrett was realizing the same thing. He raised both his hands and lashed out with twin lightning bolts, his face contorting with effort. His hooked fingertips looked like claws, and Grundhelm fancied he saw light fur growing on the backs of Garrett’s hands. Diana blocked the strike with one hand, smiling slightly.
“We have to do something,” Nolan said.
“What can we do?” Grundhelm asked.
Nolan hesitated. “Nothing,” he said finally.
There was a crash, and a gryphon stumbled out of the tree where it had been hiding. It lay helpless on the ground, ignored by the wolves that were everywhere. Its eyes were dull, and its wings shed feathers like rain. At the same time, Nolan felt a pain, like a sharp fingertip driving through him and catching hold of his guts.
Diana glanced at the gryphon with sorrow in her face. She was drawing on the gryphon pride for strength, Nolan thought. Nolan was her anchor, and the gryphons were her power source. She felt bad about hurting them, but she was doing what she had to do. Diana lowered one hand and used the other to sketch a rune in the air. The rune glowed pink and gold as it drifted into Garrett’s face.
Garrett shook his head and pawed at the rune as if it were a spider web. The pink glow clung to his face and hands, cutting into his flesh. Garrett shouted and cursed, and now it was his turn to bleed. His attention was diverted from Wren and the Untamed for the moment.
At last the remaining gryphons joined the fight. They landed on the ground and surrounded Garertt-Fenris, and their feathers rose like hackles. The two who had been fighting the wolves turned as well.
Garrett looked around as the gryphons closed in. He knew that he was losing. He placed one finger over his chest and began to draw, like a small child crossing his heart. His finger glowed blue.
“He's casting a suicide strike!” the Untamed shrieked. “He'll take us with him!” She ran forward, past the bristling gryphons, and slammed into Garrett, knocking him off balance. Before Garrett could shove her away, the gryphons closed in on him.
“I inhep gesnat!” Garrett shouted. The gryphons were sent flying in all directions, but the Untamed still clung to him, grabbing at his hands. There was blood in her hair and on her face.
Nolan dashed forward. He raised his sword high over his head and brought it down, not on Garrett’s neck but on his left hand, severing it. Garrett screamed, and blood gushed.
“I am sorry,” Nolan said, raising his sword again. “I tried to help you.”
Nolan, Fairy, get back, Diana said in their minds. It is time.
They obeyed, scrambling out of the way. Nolan held his sword in both hands, ready to dive back into the fight if he were needed, but Garrett was finally weakening. All spell casting was driven from his mind as blood poured from his severed stump. Diana had to act fast before Garrett bled to death and freed Fenris.
Diana’s face and body glowed gold. The golden glow flowed out of her hands and encompassed Garrett’s prone body, surrounding and obscuring it. The glow grew brighter and brighter, from gold to white, until Nolan had to turn his face away. When he turned back, Garrett and the young woman were gone. All that remained was a dark stain in the grass.
“Wait! Diana!” Nolan shouted. “What’s going to happen to Lily?”
She’ll be safe with me, do not fear, Diana said in his mind. Her voice was fading fast, but Nolan thought he heard her wishing him farewell.
“And Garrett?” he said softly. “Is he dead?”
There was no answer. Diana and the dark creature that had once been his friend were gone. Was it over?
There was a resounding snap, and Nolan felt a wrench inside. Diana had pulled her anchor from his kah. She was gone for good.
Nolan sagged to the ground. His kah was badly drained, and he could feel the beginnings of a reaction headache. The wound in his thigh, as well as those on his face and arms and torso, were bleeding heavily. But his discomfort was nothing compared to what Wren would face when he woke up. He was still showing no signs of consciousness, and the Untamed was huddled over his prone body, still bleeding but showing no pain. At least it was finally over. Scythe and the horrible chain of events he had set in motion had been dealt with.
Grundhelm stomped over to him. “Bad news,” he said.
Chapter Seventeen
Wren came back to consciousness slowly. His head pulsed with agony, and his stomach roiled. “Wha’ happen?” he muttered. He felt hard ground beneath his head, and he tried to open his eyes to see where he was. Bright pain lanced through his eyeballs and into his brain, and Wren desisted. He felt something hard and crusty covering his face and body. Dried blood, he thought vaguely, remembering the bleeding.
“Wren?” Nolan’s voice. “Wren, are you all right?”
“No,” Wren said thickly. “Kah—drained. What happened?”
“The Word worked, Wren. Fenris is gone. But the air around us is thin, and Grundhelm says that he can still see the tree. I don’t think it’s over.”
Wren finally opened his eyes. His vision was white and blurry, but he could open them now. He could see a blade of grass just in front of his nose. “What’s going on?”
“I don’t know. But the Untamed is crying. I’ve never seen her do that before.”
Immediately Wren jerked himself up. He cried out as his headache twisted through his brain like a scimitar, and his gorge rolled violently. Nolan helped him lean over and held his shoulders steady as he vomited. There was blood in it.
At last Wren wiped his mouth and said, “Where is she?”
“Over there.” Nolan gestured to Wren’s left. “She’s sitting in that tree, and she won’t talk to anyone.”
Wren dragged himself to his feet. It was agonizing; if he’d had anything left in his stomach, he would lose it now. He staggered over to the indicated tree like an old man in a drunken stupor. His head reeled dizzily, but he kept putting one foot in front of the other until he at last leaned against the sturdy maple that he sensed held the Untamed. The tree touched him gently, reassuring him. “Hey,” he groaned. “Hey, are you all right?”
No answer from above. Wren squinted up through the leaves. “Hey,” he said a little louder. “What’s wrong? Can I help?”
“No,” the Untamed choked. “I don’t think you can.”
Wren closed his eyes and grimaced. The pain in his head was easing to a dull throb, but now as he concentrated, the pain doubled and trebled and raced across his brain like hot lightning. He lifted both hands and very slowly and painfully he lifted himself into the lower branches of the maple. “Oh, gods, oh gods, oh gods,” he groaned. He was a fool for trying to use magic so soon after a kah-drain, but he had to speak to her.
The Untamed sat on a branch directly above his head. Her wings and shoulders were shaking silently. Inappropriate as it was at the time, Wren noticed that her curvy legs and bottom were completely bare. The tattered black dress she wore left nothing to the imagination from this angle.
“I have to go back,” the Untamed said.
“What?” Wren closed his eyes briefly against a wave of nausea. His kah was recovering, aided by the friendly tree that held him, but he was still badly shaken. He could barely make sense of what the once-fairy was saying.
“The air is thin,” the Untamed said. “The mists of the Other Havens are very close. Loki is coming for me. He’ll take away my flesh and return me to the fairies.”
“Why?”
“Because I’ve upset the balance.” There was a soft shuddering sound as the Untamed’s sobs intensified.
“Nolan!” Wren called and coughed. His breath was hard and cold in his chest.
Nolan stumbled over, holding both hands over the wound in his thigh. Wren told him what the Untamed had said. Nolan was startled. “She’s helped us greatly,” Nolan said. “Perhaps we could reason with Loki, or make a bargain of some kind. She should be allowed to stay.”
“You can’t reason with a god,” the Untamed said, some of her former arrogance returning. “They are not reasonable beings. They only do what they must.”
“Where’s Grundhelm?” Wren asked.
“Out hunting,” Nolan said. “We haven’t eaten, and all of us are drained. And I think the thinness of the air is making him nervous. He doesn’t like magic.”
As Wren’s kah recovered, he understood what Nolan meant. The air was as rich and breathable as ever, but there was a thin quality to it, as though the world around them was only a paper picture, a child’s drawing, and the real world loomed close behind it. Wren could see nothing out of the ordinary with his eyes, but the very intangibility of what Wren was feeling made him nervous as well. He couldn’t blame the dwarf for slipping away and immersing himself in the real world.
Nolan was deep in thought. Finally he said, “When Diana came to this world in Lily’s body, she had to anchor herself to my kah to keep stable. The fairies are rather like the gods, not quite of this world. Perhaps the Untamed needs an anchor, something solid that will make her truly mortal.”
Wren’s brow furrowed in puzzlement. Something solid, something that would make her mortal. What made a person mortal?
Then he understood. He looked up at the Untamed, and she looked down at him with a hopeful expression. Her small bare feet kicked slightly, inviting.
It was really not much of a sacrifice. “All right,” Wren said. He hoped that he had recovered enough and was up for the job.
* * * * *
Nolan kept watch –more to keep himself busy and out of earshot than out of concern for intruders. Grundhelm was still gone, and he would likely stay gone until the air returned to normal. Nolan swung his sword about in an arc, felt his multitude of aches and pains, and tried not to feel insanely jealous.
Wren and the Untamed lay in a bed of soft pine needles, not speaking, for the moment only staring at each other. Wren’s brain was yammering over and over again: this can’t be real, I can’t believe this is real, this is really going to happen. The Untamed seemed perfectly calm; her only sign of excitement or stress was a slight trembling in her wings.
At last Wren moved in close and kissed her, over and over again, running his hands over her smooth body. She still wore her tattered dress, and the roughness of the fabric contrasted with the silkiness of her skin. She wore nothing under the dress, and Wren explored with trembling fingers. Then Wren slowly loosened his breeches, and the Untamed lifted her legs and guided him in with her slender thighs. Her hands were also shaking, just a trifle.
She grimaced as Wren slowly entered her, but she shook her head when Wren offered to withdraw. She wrapped her arms and legs around his body and moved against him, and the experience was more than Wren could have dreamed. He lost himself in the sensation, in the murmurs and gasps that the once-fairy made in his ear. When his climax built inside of him, he could tell by the quickening of her movements that she would join him.
When they climaxed they did it together, and the Untamed bit his shoulder and wept silently.
“My name is Dominik,” Wren whispered in her ear.
“I don’t have a name,” the Untamed replied. Her eyes were closed, and she clung to him as if she were drowning. There was moisture at his neck. “Mortal women have names.”
“Yes, you do,” he said. “Your name is Brigit.” And he kissed her.
* * * * *
“Nolan! Trouble!” It was Grundhelm. His voice was deep and urgent.
Nolan ran in the direction of the voice, deeper into the forest. There, braced against a fallen tree, was Grundhelm, covered in blood and panting hard. He was fending off a huge coyote with a broken club, a new club that he must have just made. The coyote was snarling and raving as if slaverbitten, but there was no smell of disease in its body. “Little help—if you would be so kind,” the dwarf puffed, fending off another bite.
Nolan drew his sword and charged in. He brought the sword down on the coyote’s neck, thinking to end it with one blow, but the creature spun around, surprisingly fast, and avoided the blow. Now faced with cold steel as well as a wooden club wielded by the toughest of two-legged races, the coyote paced back and forth, growling.
Why? Why did you let them do that? a voice shouted in Nolan’s mind. She has a name, she has a child, I can’t take her now!
“That’s right, you can’t,” Nolan said aloud. “She’s mortal now, like she wanted to be. It’s what she deserves.”
Deserving has nothing to do with it! The coyote charged in and managed to nip at Nolan’s leg before being driven back by the sword again. You’ve upset the balance! She was a fairy, she was meant to be a fairy, and nothing more!
The coyote stood still, panting. Finally it said, I’ll have to take one of you instead. Which one will go?
Nolan and Grundhelm looked at each other, startled.
Come on, come on, it’s very simple. You’ve taken something of mine, and I want a sacrifice in return. Don’t you read the tales?
This isn’t a tale, Loki, a woman’s voice said.
Behind the coyote a golden, large breasted, and beautiful womanly shape appeared. She held the hand of another womanly shape, less formed and more misty. The lesser woman was drifting and fading in and out like a cloud.
Lily here has made your sacrifice already. She has entered the spirit world of her own free will, and her power is immeasurable. She can take Brigit’s place in Lokisheim.
The coyote spun about, bristling and snarling. I don’t want her, I want the blonde warrior! I need a spy in Valhalla!
The sacrifice has been made, Loki. Come back to the Other Havens. The air grows too thin; you’re going to let something else loose. Perhaps this time it will be your daughter Hel, now wouldn’t that made a lovely Ragnarok?
The coyote looked back at Nolan and growled deeply. This isn’t over.
Then Loki and the mist-women were gone. Only the coyote remained, looking about with an expression of puzzlement. When he saw the man and the dwarf staring at him, he shook himself all over and loped off into the trees. Nolan listened to the rustle and snap of his passage. It was a clean, good sound.
“Can you still see the tree?” Nolan asked Grundhelm.
“No,” Grundhelm said, looking around. “I think they’re finally gone.”
Nolan nodded and sheathed his sword. “Come on,” he said. “Let’s go say hello to Brigit.”
Brigit was weeping as Nolan and Grundhelm approached. Wren was trying to soothe her, rubbing her shoulders and whispering in her ear, but she paid him no mind. Her hands were over her face, and tears seeped out between her fingers.
“She didn’t have tears before, when she cried,” Grundhelm observed. “It must have worked.”
“Did you know what was going to happen?” Nolan asked.
Grundhelm cocked an eye up at Nolan. “I know humans,” he said.
Wren looked up as the two of them approached. “She’s lost her wings,” he said.
Nolan looked at the once-fairy’s—no, the woman’s—shoulders. They were as bare and smooth as glass.
“How can I learn to fly without wings?” Brigit sobbed. “Now I’ll never fly!”
“You’re human all right,” Grundhelm snorted. “Completely idiotic. Look at your husband’s shoulders. Do you see any wings?”
“No.”
“Do you remember our bargain?” Wren asked. “I promised to teach you to fly. I stand by my word, wings or no wings.”
“You also promised to marry me,” Brigit said softly.
Wren kissed her. “I think I already have.”
Nolan saw her wings, lying in crumbles in the pine needles they had shared. He bent down and touched one glossy black feather, and it dissolved into black dust. He turned away. “Come on,” he said. “I want to go home.”
Epilogue
The trip back was quick and uneventful, as return journeys usually are. By day they walked silently, each thinking their own thoughts, and by night Nolan and Grundhelm camped discreetly away from Wren and Brigit. Nolan thought about telling Wren what Loki had said, about Brigit’s child, but then he decided against it. Let it be a surprise, he thought. The thought of Wren with a wife and a baby was warm and pleasant, and it drove away his own loneliness for a time.
Grundhelm left them at the northern edge of Hermitage. Nolan invited him to the inn for a pint, but Grundhelm shook his head. “Don’t like big crowds,” he said. “Been on my own too long. But if I come across any more fairies, gods, or rips in reality, I’ll be back to tell you.”
They watched Grundhelm disappear into the trees. “I feel like doing that myself,” Brigit said. She looked at the close little village with barely contained apprehension.
Wren took her hand, and she smiled at him. Nolan felt a now familiar spasm of jealousy, and he turned his face away.
As they approached the Raven’s Eye, Wren said, “I don’t know how we’re going to tell Lily’s family that Lily died, and that we were partly responsible.”
“She sacrificed herself to save everything,” Nolan said. “And she’s not really dead, remember; Diana took her to the fairy world, to take Brigit’s place.”
Wren sighed. “That should help, shouldn’t it?” But it doesn’t, his eyes added.
Fern was taking a customer’s order at a table near the entrance when they walked it. Her face was pale and grim, and she wore an expression of determined grief more suited to the face of a convict about to be hanged than an attractive serving girl.
She glanced up as they entered, then did a double-take when she saw who it was. “Nolan! Wren!” Her double-take became a triple-take when she saw Brigit. Then she turned back to Nolan. “What happened to my sister? Where’s Lily?”
Nolan took her hand. It was cold and dry. “Lily won’t be coming back,” he said gently. “She made a great sacrifice, and—she won’t be coming back. She’s with the fairies now.”
Fern pulled her hand away as if stung. “I suppose I knew that,” she said. "When the gods take an interest in mortals, it never goes well for the mortals." She sniffed deeply and put both her hands over her face.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I hate to cry, especially in front of men—“ Then her words were lost as she broke down completely.
Nolan stood there helplessly. The customer Fern had walked away from was looking on with an expression of puzzled sympathy. No help there. Nolan looked at Wren for help, but he just rolled his eyes and made a pushing motion with both hands. Very tentatively, Nolan stepped forward and put his arm around Fern’s shoulders. Fern leaned her head against his chest, and he could feel her warm tears soaking his shirt. Wren and Brigit quietly slipped away.
Nolan and Fern stood there for a long time.

Begin Book Two, A Fire of Thorns, Now:
A Fire of Thorns
Other Books by Dawn Napier
Dark Ranger
A Fire of Thorns
Dragon Tamer
Storyland
If you like this fantasy title, try one of these:
Hammers in the Wind
By Christian Freed
Exiled millennia ago, the dark gods have tirelessly sought to return and bend the world of Malweir to their will. Their agents roam the world in search of weak willed men, knowing that only through corruption and chaos can their masters return. It begins in the northern kingdom of Delranan the night King Badron’s castle is attacked and his only son murdered and his daughter kidnapped. Angered, he leads his kingdom to war against the neighboring Rogscroft.
A small band of heroes is assembled to find the princess and return her safely but all is not as it seems. Badron falls under the sway of the Dae’shan, immortal agents of the dark gods, and unwittingly begins the final campaign that will reduce Malweir to willing servants of evil.
The hour of the dark gods return is now at hand.
The Deception of Sharmok
By Christopher Cushing
Rich cultured Bridin, a town in the mountain kingdom of Thoranophilus, is rocked by the disappearance of forty villagers. Legend and lore become reality as prophecies come true from the “Scrolls of Antiquity.” Sharmok, a power hungry sorcerer, has surfaced from the conflicted underworld to wreak havoc above and capture souls, leaching their life force to regain his powers as a wizard, and the ability to manipulate the elements. Further, Adan, our young hero, rises to the occasion and is sling-shotted into his destiny. He makes his way through this incredible adventure with the help of his parents, friends and the mentorship of King Loeland himself who knows a secret about his own demise, and about the destiny of the one known as “The Glowing Ember."
Look Homeward, Clockwork Angel
By E.C. Belikov and Elias Anderson
Stanford Parker has a choke-hold on the legalized slave industry. Breeding his brand of clones for whatever horror his clients may have in mind—from hard labor to spare organs—there’s no questioning his product’s quality. But his days may be numbered when someone hires the crew of the airship Masamune to put him out of business. Violet: the gun-slinging airship captain, Moriarty: a disgraced former Inspector, and Tibbs: a genius inventor struggling with a ‘pheta addiction, have a tall order in front of them in bringing down Parker’s heavily defended ranch. They have a plan, but a secret from one of their pasts will endanger the mission; tensions between Violet and Tibbs over differing moral ideals will heighten; and Moriarty’s inquisitive nature will draw him to ask: why haven’t they met their client? Look Homeward, Clockwork Angel is the first in a series of Steam Punk novellas and stories chronicling the harrowing post-apocalyptic adventures of the crew of the airship Masamune and the lives they touch along the way.
About the Author
I am a thirty-something married mother of three. I have been writing short stories since I was about eight years old, and I have been submitting for publication since 16. My short stories have appeared in a number of online and print publications, including Dark Moon Digest, Dark Eclipse, Congruent Spaces, Schlock! Webzine, and 365 Tomorrows. I manage a fiction blog entitled Mom's Secret Horrors, and I am also active on Twitter and Facebook.
I spent a large chunk of my early childhood in upstate New York, climbing trees, catching frogs, and learning how to cut through cow pastures without getting caught. We moved to Illinois when I was eleven, but I'm pretty sure I left a part of me back in the woods. My stories keep trying to go back there.
When I'm not writing I love wandering the outdoors, reading, and spending time with my family. My favorite writers are Stephen King, Brian Keene, Barbara Kingsolver, and Joyce Carol Oates. I read just about everything I can get my hands on, in every genre. Sometimes I'm in the mood for serious literature, other times I like fluffy brain candy, and sometimes I like to be scared out of my wits. Okay, most of the time I like to be scared out of my wits. Horror and fantasy are my genres of choice, and when the two blend just right it's like chocolate.

