House of Rose
By T.T. Escurel



Copyright © 2013 by T.T. Escurel
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition
Model Miranda Hedman
Photographer Magda Lindblom


~ 1 ~
Corvus


Caw.  Caw.
The crows are calling me again.
In my dreams, I am running through the forest, always running.  It is liberating, flying past the bushes and rocks.  I feel free.  But tonight, I am not alone.  A massive white crow, his feathers glistening in the moonlight, drifts high above me.  My heart beats fast, but not from fear.  What would it be like to be that crow, soaring above the trees?
The crow dives for the ground.  I stop as it flaps to a low branch and settles, its black eyes on me.  It opens its beak to caw, but instead, a deep, intelligent voice fills the air.  I stare in amazement.
“Why do you run?” he asks me.
I blink.  What a strange question.
He gazes at me with an appraising eye.  “Do you run out of fear?” he asks.
“No,” I reply, having found my voice.  “I always run in my dreams.  I like how it feels.  I feel… free.”
“Freedom is a rare gift,” the crow bobs his head, “Quite easily taken for granted and even more easily taken away.”  He shifts on his branch, as if weighing something in his mind.  “Rest for a moment, young one.  We have things to discuss.”
“Things?” I ask, settling on a nearby rock.  The white crow is fascinating.  I can’t take my eyes off of him.  My run can wait.  I’ve never dreamt of anything like this before.  I sit and stare in wonder.
The crow bows his head.  “I am an old crow.  I see things with the clarity of age and experience… things the young ones refuse to see.”  He looks up at the moon and spreads his wings to stretch, then settles back down.  They hang relaxed.  I can see the notches from damaged and missing feathers.  His eyes are back to mine once more.
“The roses will wither on the branch, the cups will run dry and the stars will fall from the sky in the age of the crow,” his voice booms through the forest and all grows silent. I feel the weight of the words settle in the air.  They aren’t just words.  It is magic… very old, very powerful magic.  The air ripples with it.  Even in my dream, the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
“What does it mean?” I ask.
“It means the age of the crow is upon us, little one,” he explains.  “Remember those words.”
No worry there.  The words are etched in my memory forever.
“Those words are known to all crows, but what follows is not.  The young crows do not listen.  They do not see as I do.”
“See what?” I ask.
“That the age of the crow is not eternal.  The rose will bloom once more, when the sun is at its peak.  The cup will know plenty when the veil of curse is lifted.  And the star will soar again into the heavens on borrowed wings as the last crow burns.”
I shiver.  “Why tell me, wise old crow?  I am just a boy.”
“Not for long.  Soon, you too, will be a crow.  And the fate of Auronia will be in your hands.”  The crow jumps into the air, beating its great wings.  I feel the strong wind push me back as he flies off into the trees.
Before I can try to make sense of the dream, I wake.  I look down at my hands, half expecting them to be the curved black feathers of crow wings.  But no, they are still the small peach hands of a boy of eight, just starting to callus from fieldwork and chores.  When I reach Father’s age, they will be rough and able.  But, they will never be feathers.  I sigh and glance out the window.  The sky is orange and a chilly fall breeze blows in.  The sun is rising.  Time for morning chores.
I dress, donning my muck boots and grabbing my rusty old bucket.  The air is crisp.  My bare hands ache a little in the cold.  Maybe Mother will make me gloves for the winter.
Filling the bucket with feed, I head for the chickens when I notice them.
It’s the eyes I sense first.  I can feel their eyes on me, cold as steel before dawn, black as deepest night.  I know now, they are waiting.  The question remains, what are they waiting for?
Caw.  Caw.
I look up.  The farm is surrounded by crows.  In the trees, on the roof of the house, along the edge of the barn…  Every surface hosts the sleek black birds.  Their eyes follow me.  Watching.  Waiting.
I toss feed to the chickens, but the crows do not move.  They are not after the feed.  I know now, they are after me.  I upend the bucket and turn back to the house.
I will never make it.
As if signaled by some unseen force, they descend upon me.  I am surrounded by a black cloud of rustling feathers.  Caws fill the air, drowning out all other sound. A claw latches onto my shoulder, then another.  Hundreds of claws grasp me and pull me into the air.  I feel my feet leave the ground.  My heart pounds in sheer terror.  This is wrong.  I know it.  I can sense doom approaching, but can do nothing.  I try to twist, but the crows hold me paralyzed, carrying me far away.
I do not know how long we fly for, or in what direction.  The brief glimpses of sky I mange to see through the feathers, seems to grow dark and dangerous.  A sense of foreboding fills me.  And all the while, the air is filled with the caws of the crows.
Suddenly, I am dropped to the ground.  It is only a few feet, but I land on my knees and the pain shoots through my limbs like fire.  By the time I look up, the crows are gone.  Where have they brought me?  Why?  How do I get home?
I look around me and shiver.  The mossy stones of a massive castle surround me.  In the distance, I can see the stony peaks and know I’ve been carried all the way to the very edge of Auronia.  Shadowspire.  The origin of all the evil in the world and the hearth of dark magic.
“You can sense it, can’t you?” a strange voice calls from the shadows.
I turn and gasp.  A beautiful woman slowly emerges from the shadows.  Her hair, the tint of the blue-black crow feathers, is pulled into a tower over her head, cascading down to the hem of her long purple gown.  Long red fingernails sharpened to talon-like points shuffle cards with strange designs idly back and forth in her palm.  Across her belly hangs a curved silver dagger with a swirling purple jewel in the hilt.
She moves without sound, coming towards me slowly.  “The tingle in the air.  You know what it is, don’t you?”
I shake my head no, but it is a lie.  I know.  How can I not?  I feel mouth move on its own, matching her blood red stained lips as we say in unison, “Dark magic.”
Her dark red lips curve into a satisfied smile as she draws close.  “I have big plans for you,” she says, pocketing all but a single card.  Her dark eyes meet mine.  “How old are you?”
“Eight,” I reply.
“Ah,” she smiles again, running the card edge down my cheek, “So young.  I can promise you all that you desire… power… fame… riches beyond your imagining…”
“I…” my voice catches.  I have to struggle to get the words out.  “I… just want to go home.”
“This is your home now,” she replies.  With fearsome speed, she grabs my chin and lifts it roughly.  “And I am your mother.”
“No, I have a…” I begin.
“Not anymore,” she narrows her eyes at me.  I stop arguing.
Is there any way to escape this woman?  Power is pouring out of her.  Even I can sense it.  I glance at the dagger.  Could I use it?  Even if it were in my hands, could I really use it?
She notices my eyes and tucks the card away.  Pulling out the dagger, she holds it high so I can see it clearly.  She does not let go of my face.
“The darkness you sense is just a drop in the vast ocean of power that awaits you, but first, you must become a Crow.”
My eyes widen.  Terror fills my mind.  I can remember waking up, disappointed that I still had hands instead of wings, but I don’t want it like this.  I don’t want to be in the power of this terrible woman.  I start to struggle, but she clamps down harder.  I am doomed.
“And to become a Crow,” she says, raising the dagger, “you must die.”
Quick as lightning, she plunges the blade into my chest.  The pain rips through me.  Suddenly, I see everything in a clearer light.  The world is surreal.  A dark mist surrounds her, swirling like a cyclone.  She wrests the dagger from my chest.  Though no blood pours from the wound, I can feel the life draining from my body just the same.  I am dying.  The woman smiles at me and just as the last of the life is leaving my body, she pushes the card to my chest and the swirling black mist rushes into the wound.  She steps away and I collapse to the ground.  I try to scream.  I try to cry, but I am nothing now.  An empty shell.  Dead.  The black mist moves through me and my limbs grow colder, heavier.  I close my eyes for the last time.
In the distance, I hear the cawing of the crows.



~ 10 years later ~

~ 2 ~
Astra


The ball.  How many times must I waste my dreams on the ball?  I could be dreaming of adventure, of love, of life, but no.  I dream of the past.  I dream of the one night I hate to remember.  Surely it is my mind’s way of torturing me, or reminding me of my upcoming nuptial peril.  But, I can not escape my fate.
I am betrothed.
I sit here, in my dreamscape, now crafted quite elegantly and in beautiful detail to represent the grand Rose Castle in the heart of Briarglen.  The gold and silver fixtures and accents are glinting under the lights.  String music fills the air from a skilled quartet.  Surely the dream of any princess, but the stuff of my own personal nightmares.
I am in the white floaty ball gown with pointy high collar, designed carefully to remind all who gaze upon me that I am Astra of the House of Star.  If only I had the beauty to fill it, but I’ve seen my reflection.  My limbs are lanky, my face out of proportion to my body.  I am in that “gangly stage,” they assure me.  My life has been one long gangly stage.  And now, at the ball, I glow in all my awkward glory.
The ball, unknown to most, is where all the politicking happens.  It is not for finding love.  It is for making a good match that will be beneficial for your kingdom.  And my parents have made that match in the form of Vartan of the House of Rose.
Vartan strolls up the luxurious red carpet with a platinum haired girl on each arm.  Twins.  The skintight ice blue fabric pushes their attributes beyond mere notice.  It is the only thing one can see when looking at them.  Their cups overrunneth, so to speak, which just as strategically brings to mind their House.  They are Silvia and Serena of the House of Chalice, and they are clinging indignantly to my betrothed.
Vartan laughs with them, his red velvet and white suit crushed in their grip, his eyes bouncing between the two ample displays of plenty by the twins.
I can hear them.  Their words echo across time two years so I can relive it all again.  Back then, I was naïve.  I actually thought Vartan didn’t know I could hear.  Now, I know he knew I could hear every word.  It is strange, the clarity we achieve while dreaming.
Silvia grips his arm tight and glances over at me.  “I heard a terrible rumor.  Are you really betrothed to that thing from the House of Star?”
Vartan looks distracted.  She squeezes his arm again to get his attention.  “Oh, well, yes,” he admits.  “But, all hope is not lost.  I might just be able to convince my parents to change their minds, if… someone… catches my eye.”
“Oh,” Serena coos.  “And how would one… catch your eye?”
Vartan grins.  “I can think of several ways,” he says, blatantly staring at their chests.  The girls giggle as Vartan steers them away from the ballroom.
“He’s an idiot.”
I jump.  This isn’t a part of the usual dream.  Did this happen?  Or am I making changes?  I usually wake up now, crying.  Not this time.  Instead, I turn.
Dressed in black with a tall collar decorated with black feathers, Corvus stands beside me, holding a hand out.  I take it and rise to my feet.
“This didn’t happen,” I realize now, starting to wake up.  “You didn’t come to the ball.”
“I did,” he corrected, pointing to a dark corner.  A thin, pale boy stares at us from the shadows.  “But, the festivities would have been sullied by the presence of the House of Crow.”
He turns me as we start to dance.  “I don’t understand.  You could have come out.  I would have danced with you.”
“No.  Everyone hates the Crows,” he admits, his eyes sad.  “And they have their reasons.”
I shake my head.  “That is your House, Corvus, not you.”
“You are a Star.  I am a Crow.  And soon, you will marry a Rose.  He must suffer, Astra, and if you marry him, you will suffer with him.”  He leans in, only inches away, his dark eyes burning with intensity.
“You don’t have to do this, Corvus,” I urge.
He narrows his eyes and pulls me around close, wrapping his arms around me.  I feel his breath at my neck as he whispers into my ear, “I already have.”
I wake up, my heart racing.  The ball has vanished, sent back to where it belongs, two years in the past.  What was the meaning of that last part of my dream?  That wasn’t from my memories.  I haven’t seen Corvus in years.
It wasn’t hard to guess why I dreamed of the ball.  The escort guards from the House of Rose are due today, to take me to Briarglen in preparation for the wedding.  In just five days, I will marry Vartan.
A small bird glides in the window, her blue feathers and green chest shining in the morning light as she lands on the windowsill.  I reach over and flick the white feather sticking straight out of her head, as always.  “Morning, Myna.”
“My goodness, Astra,” she chirps in her usual high voice.  She always sounds like she is in a hurry, as if the world is late for her plans.  I sigh.  “How can you sleep in late on such an important day?”
I rest my chin in the palm of my hand and flick her feather again.  I smile as she chirps in annoyance.  “Can I help it if I dream?”
“Yes, you can.  Now, quickly, get ready for their arrival!”  She hops in to the room and tilts her head to look at me expectantly.  I don’t move.
“No, I think I will go for a ride instead,” I say.
“A ride?” she trills.  “You don’t have time for a ride!  They will be here any moment.  And it is bad form for the bride-to-be to go out riding instead of…”
I motion with the back of my hand and knock her onto a pink decorative pillow.  She falls over, wiggling her feet helplessly in the air, chirping her fury.  I dress in my favorite riding gear, a soft brown outfit with actual pants and high boots.  Very unladylike, I have been assured numerous times by my feathered fashion critic, but I don’t care.  I can ride for hours in it, and riding makes me happy.  It is about the only thing around here that does.
“Wait!” Myna cries as I move to leave the room.  She flies to stop me, fluttering just in front of my face.  I marvel at how she can manage that with her pudgy starling form.  She’s no hummingbird, that’s for sure.  “You must get ready.”
“If I don’t go out for a ride, I may just punch that stupid prince in his face when I see him.  How improper would that be, Myna?” I growl.
She flutters back a foot.  “Oh, you dreamed of the ball, again.”
“Yes,” I grump, but I am running out of steam.  “I dreamed of the ball, again.”  She moves so I can pass and I start down the hall.  She settles on my shoulder as I walk.
“He… he is just a teenage boy, Astra.  They are all like that,” Myna chirps.
“Even birds?” I ask doubtfully.
Myna lets out a high tweeting laugh.  “Yes, even birds.”
I sigh.  “They aren’t all like that, you know…”  I don’t know what makes me say it.  The Corvus from my dream doesn’t really exist.  He is just a figment.
Myna says nothing, but just shakes her head helplessly.
“I wonder, is there any hope in convincing Mother and Father to let me find…” I begin.  I freeze when I realize my Mother is standing five feet away, with a disapproving look on her face.
“Going out for a ride?” she asks.
I nod.
She moves, her hands smoothing my stray hairs as her hands come to rest on my shoulders.  “I know you don’t want this, Astra,” she says.  I can see now that her eyes are red.  She has been crying.  Why?  Because I am leaving?  “But, you know that sometimes we must do things, not for ourselves, but for our kingdom.”
“But…” I begin.  This is an old argument.  I have been fighting this fight for three years now.
“When our forces fell at the Skycliffs, we were left with only one choice.  The Crows are mobilizing, Astra.  They will attack.  The only thing that stands a chance against them is the army of the House of Rose.  And, to gain the support of the House of Rose…”
“I must marry Vartan,” I finish.  “I know, I know…”
She pats my head again.  “Smart girl.  Now, go.  You won’t get much of a ride if you don’t leave now.”
I glance at her in surprise.  Mother has never approved of my riding.  She is worse than Myna that way.  But today is different, in many ways.  I run down the hall, waving to her and see a single tear trailing down her cheek as I head out for the stables.
Waiting for me with saddle and bridle gleaming, Stormy paws the ground in greeting and nickers.  I stroke her long mane and sneak her a sugar cube.  The spotted grey mare was a gift for my fourteenth birthday, from General Temis.
I rest my forehead against Stormy’s neck.  I can feel her pulse against my forehead, strong, proof of life as my memories drift.  General Temis, who taught me to ride despite my mother’s protests.  I can still remember his scarred face smiling with pride as I learned to jump Stormy over makeshift fences around the yard.
He fell at the battle of the Skycliffs.
Taking a deep breath, I push the thought aside and grab the pummel, pulling myself up.  I settle in the saddle and grab the reins.  Stormy shuffles under me, getting comfortable.  She can sense my tension.
I wave to Rodesby, the stable boy who saddled Stormy for me, currently feeding Father’s prize stallion, Chariot.  Not a proper name for a horse, in my opinion, but he came with it and besides, he is not much of a proper horse.  Only my father can ride him.  He bites everything.  People, clothes, wood…  Even Stormy has a scar on her back end from the brute.  Chariot takes a nip at Rodesby as I ride past.
Myna circles overhead as I ride off into the woods.  Stormy leaps the low bushes and branches.  I let the smaller ones brush off me and duck the larger ones.  I ride, deep into the woods, away from my fate, free.
It is times like this that I wonder why I was born royal.  It is not a blessing.  It is a curse.  What I wouldn’t give to be normal.  My life is not my own.  It belongs to my kingdom, my people, from birth until death.  If my parents had another child, there might be hope for me, but they didn’t.  I am the only successor to the Stars.
I don’t spend much time cursing my fate.  It is futile, after all.  My thoughts turn to Vartan and the wedding.  Will I be able to do this?  Will I be strong enough?
More importantly, will I resist the urge to punch the self-obsessed jerk?
Ugh, to think I have to marry him.  It seems he feels pretty much the same about being stuck with me.  What a sorry couple we are.  And to think, both kingdoms are celebrating our union, calling us a “dream couple” and a “match made in heaven brought to earth”… a play on our house names, Star and Rose.
If they only knew…
Stormy slows.  I let her.  Truth be told, I am tired, too.  I have lost track of time, wandering in my thoughts.  How long have I been gone?  She stops to nibble a branch.  An angry wood sprite leaps from his hole and raps her on the nose with a stick, chittering in spritish.
“Careful there, Stormy,” I warn.
Stormy snorts at the little sprite and snaps at its stick, pulling it from the sprite’s grasp and spitting it off into the bushes.
The sprite cries in outrage and leaps on her nose, biting her with pointy little teeth.  Stormy rears back in annoyance, trying to shake the sprite free from her muzzle.  “Whoa!” I shout.  “Easy, Stormy!  Easy, girl.”
A shadow passes overhead as Myna dives sharply, pulling the sprite free of Stormy and dropping the creature far off in the forest.
I pull Stormy’s head around with the reins.  “That will teach you to nibble a protected tree,” I point out.  She snorts derisively.  I narrow my eyes.  She tosses her head and turns around to nibble another bush.
A bright red dragonfly flies into view, hovering around Stormy’s head.  Still aggravated from the sprite attack, she spitefully tosses her head at the dragonfly.  “Shh,” I say, petting her neck gently.  She calms and the dragonfly settles on her nose.  It tickles.  Stormy sneezes and the dragonfly flies up to settle on my hand.
Its wings are beautiful, translucent with burnt orange at the joints.  Its body is the richest red, enough to rival the most luxurious fabrics at the palace.  It flutters its wings, but does not move.  I wish I could keep it.  But, unlike Myna, it is not enchanted.  I can hear Mother’s response now.
“It’s a bug.”
“Yes, Mother, but…”
“It’s a bug.  A princess can not have a bug as a pet.”
I sigh and raise my hand.  The dragonfly flutters its wings as if pondering flight.  A breeze blows past and it takes to the air.  I smile, watching it dart about the forest.
From out of nowhere, a black crow swoops in and snaps up the dragonfly in its jaws.  It settles on a branch, staring at me, the brilliant red body of the insect still hanging from its beak.  It narrows its eyes at me and closes its beak with a crunch.
I gasp in horror.
Myna dives at the crow, chasing it away.  She returns to me, panic evident in her eyes.  “We must return!” she says.
“Did you see that?” I say.
“Yes,” she replies.
“It’s so sad,” I say, still caught up in the moment.
“It’s more than just sad.  It’s an omen,” Myna insists.
I blink.  “Omen?  What do you…”
“Don’t talk, just ride!” Myna cries, flying off.
I turn Stormy around and urge her into a full gallop.  We race through the forest as fast as Stormy’s legs can carry us.

~ 3 ~
Corvus


The arrow of fate has been loosed.  Now, it flies for its target.  Soon, this war will be at an end.  We will have won.  It is the age of crows.
A sleek black crow circles near me.  I hold up my arm and he comes to land, careful not to cut me with his claws.  Most days, I can control the darkness, but the cut of a crow’s claws blind me to all reason.
“Ptarax,” I say.  “Out for a snack?”
The crow glances over at me, guilt clear in his eyes.
“You’ve got a bit of dragonfly sticking out of your beak,” I confess.
He snaps back the remnants of his lunch.  “Sorry, master.  I couldn’t help it.  It was fresh and plump.  Not like the skeletons of Shadowspire.”
I sigh and settle at the base of a nearby tree.  Ptarax hops to my knee.
“What will you do, master?” he asks.  “Once we’ve won, that is.”
“I have no idea, Ptarax,” I answer honestly.  I have been asking myself the same question, as of late.  Once we rule everything, what use am I?  I have been Mother’s pawn for years.  Will she cast me aside like a broken doll?
I yawn, leaning my head back against the tree.  An angry tree sprite comes out of the bushes, spatting obscenities in guttural spritish.  What is a tree sprite doing on the ground?  Annoyed at his muttering, I snap, “Shut up,” in guttural spritish.  He blinks at me, taken aback that I could possibly know his language.
“The barking of dogs is more complicated than the prattle of sprites,” I snap back in high spritish, the language of their ancestors, the very language they use to protect and bind them to their trees.
The sprite gasps and steps back from me, its brown leafy hair quivering.
“Can I eat him?” Ptarax asks.
I shrug.
Before the crow can move, the sprite retreats back into the woods.
I smirk and lean my head back against the tree again, this time in peace.  Again, I yawn.  Why am I so tired today?
“Dreamwalking is hard on you, master.  The dreams of maidens are things of light.  For creatures of dark, such as us, it is like swimming in burning lava,” Ptarax explains.
“I had to see her one last time, Ptarax.  You wouldn’t understand,” I snap.
“Still, it has taken its toll.  You should rest, master.  I will wake you when the task is done.”
“Perhaps I shall,” I say, and unable to fight the exhaustion, I fall asleep.

~ 4 ~
Astra


We reach the stable in minutes.  I look for Rodesby to hand off Stormy, but the auburn haired stable boy is nowhere to be found.  I have no time to spare, so I put her away in full tack and head for the back entrance.
Myna settles on my shoulder as I move quickly down the corridor.  Passing the throne room, I hear murmurs and slow to a stop.
I crack the door and peek inside.  The throne room is practically empty.  A sparse guard stands beside the throne where my father and mother are seated.  It is unusual to have so few guarding, but it is a strategic move by my parents to show good will to the visitors.  In front of the throne, kneeling respectfully, are the escort guards of the House of Rose.
“…wish to depart as soon as possible…”
“Of course, Captain.  But you would do us honor to rest a moment and enjoy a drink on this momentous occasion.”  Mother is stalling.  I better hurry.
I turn to leave when a voice catches me off guard.
“Such a generous offer can not be declined.”
That voice!  I would know that voice anywhere.  But, it’s not possible.  I am pulled back to the door against my will.  I must disprove what my ears are telling me.  There is no way…
There, at the head of the guards.  The bearing, the tilt of the head, the way he keeps his hand on his sword hilt, even while kneeling.  Only one man in my life has ever had such a presence.  Are my parents blind to it?  Their own trusted friend and companion for so many years…
But what was General Temis doing as the head of the Rose escort guards?
My questions are cast out of my mind at the thought of one simple thought.  He isn’t dead.  My friend, my mentor, my tutor.  He did not perish at the Skycliffs.  He is in the throne room of our castle, alive and well.
Headless of my current appearance, I move to open the door to greet my long lost mentor.
Mother fills three cups, giving one to Father, keeping one for herself and carrying one down to General Temis.  When she nears, I can see the recognition spread on her features.
I smile and stand, ready to run in and hug him as I always have.
My mother, however, reacts in a way unexpected.  She drops the wine and backs away, slowly, cautiously.
I pause.  What is going on here?
Temis rises to his feet, removing his helm.  He looks different somehow.  Gone is his rosy pink coloration, replaced by a pale pallor.  Under his eyes, dark shadows loom.  He steps forward, drawing his sword.
“Where is the girl?” Temis asks.
“Out,” Mother replies.
“Good,” he growls.  “I wanted to spare her this.”
I freeze.  This can’t be happening.  This must be a nightmare.  My mind simply can’t process what I am witnessing.  I am as immobile as stone.
“King Helios and Queen Luna of the House of Star, we capture you in the name of Malexia of the House of Crow!” one of the escort guards cries.
The House of Crow?
“We’re not capturing anyone today,” Temis growls.  He leaps with incredible speed, slicing mother across the neck.  She collapses to the ground, blood pouring into a dark pool around her.  I watch in horror as the light leaves her eyes.
“Temis, no!” Father cries as Temis reaches him, shoving his sword into the king’s heart.  Father perishes on the throne.
The royal guards, all shocked to see their former general slay their charges, are quickly dispatched by the rest of the escort guard.  The room is filled with bodies.  Yet, I can’t move.  If Temis were to turn, to see me, I would be done.
A black fog billows into the throne room, obscuring the bodies and spinning around Temis like a funnel.  A shriek of rage fills the air as the fog spins up into a shadowy form wrapped round the former general.  It recedes, revealing a woman with raven hair draped in a black robe lined in purple, her scarlet nails wrapped around the former general’s neck.  Malexia…
“What have you done, you fool?” she hisses.
“I have killed the enemies of the Crow, your majesty,” he replies.
Her grip tightens.  Temis gurgles as she crushes his throat, but he remains standing by some unseen force.  She tosses him aside and he staggers back.  Malexia turns and walks up the steps to the throne.  She motions with her hand and the sword flies out of my father, clattering to the ground several feet away.
Malexia raises her other hand and my father’s body is raised into the air by the black fog.  It hangs there, lifeless.
“He has passed into death,” she growls.  “I can not use him.”  She motions again and tosses him aside, like a rag doll.  The fog moves out of her way as she descends the stairs.  Her robes drag the blood behind her in a spectacular red streak across the throne room marble.  She pauses beside my mother.
“This one…” she says, her lips curling into a wicked smile, “we may be able to use.”
No.  I can’t let this happen.  I lift my foot to move, but Myna bites my earlobe.  “Don’t move.  You can not help her,” she whispers in my ear.
Mother is lifted in the air.  Malexia quickly shrieks with rage.  The very foundations of the castle shake with her anger and her guards quiver in fear.
“Useless!” she cries, casting Mother’s limp form aside.  She grabs the nearest guard, “Where is the last one?”
“The last what, majesty?”
“The last Star!” she screams in his face.  “The daughter!  I want her here, now.”
“We… ah… we don’t know where she is, majesty,” the guard stammers.
“Well,” she says, casting the guard aside.  “Don’t just stand there, quivering.  Find her!”
The last Star… she wants me.  I am the last Star.
“Run!” Myna whispers in my ear.
I turn and sprint down the hall, out the door and across the yard.  If I can only make it to Stormy… I may have a chance.
I reach the stables, heading for Stormy’s stall when I trip.  Sprawled on the ground, I look back to see what tripped me and find a leg.  I don’t want to look, but I know I must.  Hesitantly, I reach back and brush the hay away.  Rodesby is lying with a pitchfork in his back.  I recoil and shuffle away from the body in horror.
“Astra!” Myna chirps in warning.
I look up.  Guards are coming out of the castle, to search the grounds.  I jump to my feet, trying not to look at the fallen stable boy.  I find Stormy and mount up.  Pointing her towards the hidden path that leads through the deepest part of the forest, I drive my knees into her ribs.  She leaps in a grand jump to clear a hedge blocking the way and gallops into the darkness.
Tears spill out of my eyes.  I can’t see where we are going.  I have to trust Stormy to run and keep running.  I duck my head into her neck and scream wordlessly into her mane.  The anguish pulls me down into deep despair.  I can’t even fathom what has just happened or why.  All I know is I must run.  I must get away.
But, away to where?  Is there a place in all of Auronia that I will be safe from such dark magic?
I know the answer.  My previous objections pale in the stark light of such devastation.  I know where I must go.
I must go to Briarglen, to the House of Rose.

~ 5 ~
Corvus


“Master!  Please, you must wake now, master!  Something terrible…”
I open one eye and look at the crow hopping madly on my knee.  “What is it, Ptarax?”
A black fog rolls in to the forest, obscuring everything instantly from view.  The leaves quiver on the trees around me in the darkness, like a terrible rain.  I can sense Mother’s rage in the mist.  “Go,” I yell to Ptarax.  I feel his weight leave my leg.
“Corvus!”  The trees shake with her fury, casting leaves adrift.  I brush them off my shoulders.
“What has happened, Mother?  Have the Roses a…?” I begin.
Her eyes form first, mere inches from my face.  Black, merciless eyes that do not reflect light, framed by fiercely spiked eyelashes.  They look as if they want to consume me in a blink.  It does not phase me.  I am used to this.  And besides, what fate could await me worse than my own?
“No,” she snaps, her blood red lips forming in the mist.  “It is your minions that have brought doom upon us!”
I stiffen.  My minions?  The escort guard.  “What have they done?” I ask.
“What have you let them do?” she clarifies.  Her form settles down, her head and torso visible, while her arms trail out, one with the mist.  “They have killed the Stars!”
No!  I stop the word just before it leaves my lips, trying to maintain my calm, but she sees it.  A simple widening of my eyes in shock is enough for her to suspect.  I swallow and try to regain my composure.  “Their orders were to capture the King and Queen.”
“Well,” she snaps, crossing her arms over her chest.  “They are dead.”
I ponder.  “Can they still be used?” I ask.  The thought horrifies me, like so many things I have been forced to do in Mother’s service over the years, but I still ask.  It is my duty, after all.
“No,” she says, turning away from me.  The fog has receded from her slightly, leaving her true form behind.  A thin, pale woman.  To think that she is responsible for most of the suffering of an entire world.  Then again, she did kill me.
“What of…” I want to say Astra and stop.  “What can we do?”
“They have a daughter,” she says, her back still to me.
Astra.  I wince.  “Do you want her dead?” I ask tentatively.
“No, you fool!” she snaps and spins on me.  The fog pulls in again.  I can feel it slither around my feet, wrapping me in its numbing embrace.  “We need her alive!”
I blink, expressionless.
“Find her, Corvus.  Track her down and bring her to me.”
I nod.
She turns, her eyes narrowing.  “Why are you still standing there?  Go!  She can’t have gone far!”
I move quickly, mounting up and riding off towards the castle where I can pick up her trail.  Even if she evades me during the day, I will find her in her dreams.
“Astra.”

~ 6 ~
Astra


I do not know how long I have been riding for.  The sun is setting, staining the sky red, like blood.  I close my eyes and my stomach clenches as memories rise unbidden.  I can’t think beyond this moment.  There is no future.
Myna flies high overhead.  Her green chest shimmers distinctively.  I can tell she is tiring.  Beneath me, Stormy is breathing hard.  She is stumbling more often, on tree roots and rocks.  I know we will need to stop soon.  But where?  I have never been away from the castle on my own before.  I have always had an escort.
I have always had help.
We reach the river and I dismount.  Myna comes to land on the saddle while Stormy leans in to drink.  I crouch down and lower my hands into the chilly water.  For a moment, I am still, watching the river run over my hands.  They start to go numb from the cold, but I do not move.  It is my heart that feels numb, not my hands.  My family is gone.
Something moves in the river.  Before I can jerk my hands back, something bites the end of my fingertip.  I yelp and pull my hands out of the water.
“Astra!” Myna exclaims.
“I’m fine,” I growl.  I look at the damage on my finger.  It’s bleeding, but its not serious.  I glare at the water.
A silver fish has poked his head up from the surface, a small trickle of blood running down the side of his cheek.  I can swear he isn’t just smiling at me… he’s laughing at me!  Stupid fish.  I raise my hand to splash water and scare him off.
“Oh, I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” the fish warns.
“You’re enchanted…” I hiss.
Myna hops to my shoulder and stares down at the fish.  “Let’s eat him,” she suggests.
“You wouldn’t want to eat me,” the fish gurgles.  “I would taste terrible.  You wouldn’t believe what I’ve eaten the last two months.  Thanks for the nibble, princess,” he says before diving into the water.
“Myna,” I order.
She dives into the water, grabbing the fish and pulling him to shore.  “How do you know who I am?” I snap.
“Let me go!” he shouts, wrestling with Myna to be free.
I motion and Myna pins him on the ground.  He stops fighting.
“I will let you go when you tell me how you know me,” I tell him.
“I… used to live in the House of Chalice…” the fish bubbles.  “Now, let me go!”
“Wait,” I say.  “Used to?  What did you do?  Bite one of the twins?”
“No,” he counters.  “I left when that crazy...”  His fishy eyes bulge and he started to wriggle furiously.  “They are coming!” he cries and in one grand flex he manages to cast Myna off.
“Who?” I ask, trying to catch him, but he is slick and slides through my hands.
“The Crows,” he says as he vanishes into the river.
I reach for Stormy’s reins.  A rest will have to wait.  My enemies have found me.  I jump on her back and urge her across the river.
The bushes behind me rustle as I reach the opposite bank.  Stormy runs into a stand of trees.  I do my best not to look back.

~ 7 ~
Corvus


I see a flash of grey disappear into the trees when I reach the river.
“What was that?” Ptarax asks from my shoulder.
I shrug.
Ptarax lifts off from my shoulder and hovers for a moment.  “Shall I find us something for dinner?”
I nod.
He flies up into the sky.  I dismount and head to the river.  Pulling the black leather gloves from my hands, I stare at them, pale in the rising moonlight.  I lower them into the water.  I know it is cold, but I can’t feel it.  I haven’t felt cold or heat since I was eight.
I dry my hands on my cloak and start to gather sticks for a fire.  I pull a card from my pocket, put it on the ground near the pile of twigs and turn it.  A fire springs to life and I retrieve the card.  I stare at it for a moment.  My existence is tied to these cards.  I wonder, momentarily, what would happen if I let them slip into the flames…
A loud splash pulls me from my thoughts.  I turn and find Ptarax returning to me with a silver fish in his mouth, shaking water from his wings.  He spits the fish out on the ground.
I smirk at the crow as I pick up the fish.  “Good work, Ptarax.  Just cook him a bit…”
“Wait!  You can’t eat me!” the fish exclaims.
“Oh, and its enchanted, too,” I murmur, reaching for a stick.  “I hate food that talks, but usually it’s extra tasty.”
The fish rotates a round eye to stare at me.  I raise an eyebrow.  What will the little tidbit say to get me to spare his life?  I hope he doesn’t plead for mercy.  It gets annoying, after a while.  And it’s not like I care.
“You’re a Crow,” he gurgles.
“Very observant,” I note.
“You’re after the girl!” he realizes.
I pause.  Is he bluffing?  Enchanted creatures will lie their tails off to avoid getting eaten.  Deception and enchantment go hand in hand.  Everything would lie if it could to save itself.  I narrow my eyes.  “What girl?”
“The princess!  The girl from the House of Star!”
“Master!” Ptarax caws.
I hold my hand up to silence him.  The crow knows that look and keeps his beak shut.  “You have seen this girl?”
“She was here only a few minutes before your arrived!  She… she crossed the river!”  He lifts his fishy head and gestures to the opposite bank.  “That way!”
“She is close, then,” I note.  I can tell he is telling the truth.
“Yes, very close,” he agrees emphatically.
“Good,” I say as I reach again for the stick.  “Then I have time to eat.”

~ 8 ~
Astra


I start to drift.  The forest around me is dark and strange.  I know I am in danger.  My life could end at any moment, but I am drawn down into dreaming by an irresistible force.  My eyes droop and I hang over in the saddle.
“Astra!  You must stay awake!” Myna chirps urgently.
I force my eyes open, a shade too wide, trying to heed her pleas.  But it is getting harder every moment.
“I don’t know if I can,” I admit to Myna.
“This is the work of dark magic,” she hisses.  “You must resist!”
“I…”  And just like that, I am gone.  I am no longer in the forest.  I am home.
I wake in my bed and go to the window.  Myna is circling outside, calling my name.  I close the window to block out her nagging voice.
I move to the closet.  My best dress, white with blue accents, has been set out for me.  I blink and find myself dressed, but something is different about the dress.  It feels odd in my fingertips.  My mind tries to reject it, tries to tell me this is wrong, but I ignore it.  I move to the door.  I can hear Myna pleading with me, begging to be let in.  I stick my tongue out at her and close the door.
I turn and find myself in the hall leading to the ballroom in Rose castle.  Not again.  I don’t want to dream of the ball.  Vartan walks up, but this time, he doesn’t have the twins.  It is just him.
“Astra,” he says as he bows.
I realize he is older than I remember.  He is wearing the same red velvet and white from the ball, but it fits him differently.  He stands.  Yes, I can see now he has grown.  He is much taller than me, his green eyes crinkling as he smiles and his gold hair hangs to his shoulders.  Like a girl.  I snicker.
“Do you find me amusing?” he asks.
“Just your hair,” I comment.  Instantly, I cover my mouth.  What made me say that?
He laughs and my apprehension melts.  He pulls a gold dagger from his belt and cuts the length, tossing it aside.  “Better?”
I gasp.  Did he just… do that?
He raises his hand.  I eye it hesitantly.  I have to admit, for the first time since I’ve known him, I don’t want to punch him.  I put my hand lightly in his.  It feels right.  I realize now, I can do this.
He pulls me beside him and we start walking the hall towards the ballroom.
“Astra, where do you see us, years from now?” he asks.
Wow.  That’s pretty deep for Vartan.  Usually, all he talks about is what he killed lately or what he’s going to kill next.  I blink.  “After the war with the Crows?” I ask.
His green eyes grow dark briefly, like a cloud passing in front of the moon.  He closes them for a moment, then looks at me and smiles.  “Yes, after that.”
“I don’t know, Vartan.  I can’t think that far ahead now.”
“Why not?” he asks as we pause in front of the ballroom.
“Because,” I snap.  I put my hand on the door and push it open, but it doesn’t lead to the ballroom.  I am back in the throne room of Star Castle in Dawnfell.  The floors are covered in blood.
I stare.  I can not blink, I can not look away.
Vartan steps in front of me and grabs my head, forcing my eyes away as he closes the door.  “Shh,” he whispers.  “I am so sorry.  That wasn’t supposed to happen.  Why did you have to remember?”
I grip his arm and cry.  My legs go weak and I feel them give out from under me.  He wraps his arms around me, supporting all my weight as I lay there.  The tears won’t stop.  “What do I do, Vartan?”
“Shh,” he whispers again, brushing my hair with his hand, resting his chin on the top of my head.  “I don’t know, Astra.  I just don’t know.”
His voice sounds strange.  The arm that holds me is no longer clothed in red.  It is black.  I pull away slowly.  Vartan has been replaced by Corvus.
I jerk awake.  The castle vanishes, replaced by dark forest, but Corvus remains in place.  He is here.  And he is real.
“Astra!” Myna screams from somewhere overhead, her voice filled with panic.  “Run!”
His hands clamp down on my arms and I yelp in pain, trying to wiggle free.
“Got you,” he says, tossing me over his shoulder.
I kick.  I scream.  “Put me down!” I say, but he doesn’t.  My fists assail his back to no effect.  He carries me calmly back to his horse, ties me securely so I can no longer thrash about and mounts up without another word.
“What about the bird?” I hear a voice ask.  I glance over.  An enchanted crow.  Fitting pet.  Evil.
“Go catch her,” Corvus orders.
“Myna!” I cry.  I try to look for her in the darkness, but I can’t see her in the trees.
He pulls something from his pocket.  A card?  I can’t make it out in the darkness, but it is thin and rectangular in shape.  He puts it on his palm, pointing at me.  Then, he turns it.
It’s as if the world is turned off.  No, not the world.  Just me.  Everything goes dark and I sink into the shadows of unconsciousness.

~ 9 ~
Corvus


Things never go as planned, magic or no magic.
I ride straight through the night until dawn.  Ptarax is off somewhere, searching for the starling bird.  He will catch up when he can.  My thoughts are not with him.  They are with my cargo.
I look back at Astra, the morning sun falling across her closed eyelids.  I imagine, for a moment, that she is asleep.  She looks so peaceful.
We know no peace in Shadowspire.  Not in sleep and not even in death.
Astra does not dream, for now.  I have put her into a dreamless trance, so her dreams can’t be manipulated, a crime I, myself, am guilty of.  But I can not bear the thought of another entering those dreams.
I don’t know what Mother has planned for her, but it won’t be pleasant.
The sun rises, but soon I am shrouded in the clouds of Shadowspire, shut off from the light.  The Crow Castle rises above me, covered in moss.  One of the ramparts crumbles in the wind, cascading stones on the path behind me.  Home.
I cross the drawbridge and enter the grounds.  Many of the minions have gathered in mild curiosity, the strongest emotion they are allowed under Mother’s reanimation spell.  They mill about the courtyard, their eyes vacant, their mouths slack.
They come for her.
Hands reach for Astra.  I brush them aside and urge the horse faster.  She does not stir.  She is incapable of waking until I allow it.  Not even Mother can wake her now.
I reach the gates and dismount.  Ptarax flies down to meet me.
“I can’t find the fat starling,” he admits.  “Sorry, master.”
I undo the ties holding Astra and pull her over my shoulder again.  “Don’t worry about it, Ptarax.  We got what we were looking for.”
Ptarax nods and flies off to his roost as I enter the castle.
Mother is waiting for me in the entrance hall, dressed in her favorite purple gown.  She always wears it for special occasions.  She wore it on my “birthday” the night she killed me.  Today, she wears it in anticipation of our victory.
Today will be the first day of the age of the crow.
“Corvus!” she calls in greeting, her lips curving into a pleasantly twisted smile.  “I knew you wouldn’t fail me.  Take her below, to the vault.”
I nod and turn for the side door that descends to the vault.  I don’t have to look behind me.  I know she is there, following me.  The dark mists pull towards her, inexplicably drawn to her power.
The passageway is tight and winds straight down in a spiral.  I must take it slowly, one step at a time.  Astra is surprisingly light.  The burden of her weight is nothing for me.  Her breathing is shallow, under the spell.  I move her slightly to get a better grip and I stop mid-step.
She is warm.  I can feel Astra’s warmth.  How is that possible?  I haven’t felt heat or cold in a decade.  How can I feel anything now?
I sense unease in the fog, radiating from Mother, and quickly resume my descent, but my mind is reeling.
The stairs open up into a large stone cavern deep under the castle.  Large, ornately carved stone doors tower overhead.  Mother strides past me, motioning at the doors with a flick of her hand.  They swing open easily.
In the heart of the dark chamber, four thrones glow with unearthly light.  Three of the seats are occupied, but one remains vacant.  Carved in the stone throne is the emblem of Astra’s family – the star.
I set Astra down gently.  Mother moves to the center of the thrones as I retreat.  The dark fog clears entirely from the room.  Mother begins to glow with the same odd gleam as the thrones.  She pulls her deck of cards from her pocket and pulls out four.
The ground has grooves for the cards.  She places each one in accordingly.  I watch, but my mind is still distracted by thoughts of Astra.  There is so much I don’t understand about her.  But, it won’t matter for much longer.  She will become a power source, like the others.  Yet, I feel oddly about it.  Why?
What is wrong with me?
I shake my head, trying to clear my mind.  She doesn’t matter.  No one matters, not even me.  My mission is finally done.  The age of the crow has arrived.
“Queen of Stars!” Mother pronounces as she lays Astra’s card.
The lights shine brighter for a moment, then everything is plunged into darkness.  A scream fills the air, inhuman.  The lights begin to glow once more.  Mother is bent over, panting.
“What happened?” I ask.
“The girl,” she spats.  “She is too weak.  Those fools!  This wouldn’t have happened with one of the parents.”
“Weak?” I ask.
“Wake her,” she orders.
I do as I am told.  I pull out the Four of Swords.  I put it on the palm of my hand and turn it.
Astra stirs.
The black mist rushes her, holding her to the throne.  Before she can wake entirely, Mother pulls out her trusty Nine of Swords.  Astra crumples, her mind descending into nightmares.
“Let’s see if that helps,” she says, pocketing the card.
I watch Astra.  There are no outward signs of her struggle, but I know the effect of that card.  I have seen it used on others and I have had it used on me.  Once.  I would do practically anything not to have to experience that again.  I was pulled into a hellish nightmare.  It felt like an eternity.  There was no escape.  It was only ten seconds, but Mother had made her point.  I never refused her again.
Mother repeats the ceremony.  The light from Astra’s throne grows brighter this time.  Mother smiles in triumph.  But the lights go out once more and the air is filled with her earsplitting cry.
The lights timidly glow again.  Mother has crumpled into a ball in the center of the thrones.  She moves to stand, but weaves.  After a moment, she finds the strength to rise.
“Nightmares aren’t enough for this one,” she says, her breaths coming in gasps.  “We need something stronger.”  She puts her hand out and the black fog pulls to her obediently.  Gathering it into a large sphere, she stares into its center.  “She has not known enough suffering in her lifetime,” she whispers to the mists, talking to some unseen force.  “But how?  How can I make her suffer?”
I never mastered control of the mists.  It was something Mother learned from the Raven Queen, a power which has always been forbidden to me.
She spots something in the depths of the sphere and her lips curve.  “I see,” she says.  “Yes, that will do.”  She looks up at me.  There is a look in her eyes, a crazed glint, one that time has taught me to fear above all else.  I dare not move.
She turns to me and her lips curl into a cruel smile.  “If I use the boy…”
I dare not even contemplate how she plans on using me.  I stand, silently hoping that maybe once its over, she will finally be done with me and let me die.
“Corvus!” she calls.
I move to kneel before her, but say nothing.
“This girl is useless to me now.  You will take her…”
Inwardly I cringe.  I knew, someday, she would order me to kill Astra.  I wait for the order.
“…and escape.”
I look up, shock clearly displayed on my face.  I don’t even have time to hide it.  “What?”
“You must run from this place,” she says, the mists curling around her hands.  “Pretend to be her friend, but become more than that.”  She pulls at the mist, tugging it into shape.  “Woo her.”  She touches the mist and it glows red.  A heart.  She sets it spinning with a touch of her nail.  “Win her heart.”
I blink.  It was pretty much the last thing I had ever expected to hear from her.  Win her heart?  I am not sure Mother even knows what a heart is.
Mother turns, cackling as she walks over to Astra.  “And when the time is perfect,” she purrs, as she runs a long nail down the girl’s cheek, leaving a pale line in its wake.  She reaches out for the red glowing mist and crushes it in her hand.  “I’ll break it.”
The mist pours out of her fist and dissipates.
“I don’t understand,” I admit.
She turns and puts a hand to my cheek.  “Never underestimate the suffering born from a broken heart,” she says.  “It is from such suffering and anguish that we find our power.”  She taps my cheek gently and leaves me there, in the throne room.
Turning back to Astra, I draw a breath and let it out slowly.

~ 10 ~
Astra


I have tried every door, every window.  There is no escape.  I run in circles, trying not to look at the center of the room.  I know they are there.  I see their deaths happen, over and over.  It is like I have been here, trapped, forever.  I have been here since the beginning of time and will be here until time ends.
In the heart of the throne room, my parents die again and again.
I try the side door, shaking the handle and crying.  Why won’t the door open?  I try to remember a time before this nightmare, but it is as if I do not exist beyond it.  I’ve tried to stop their deaths, time and time again, but it replays endlessly.
So I move.  I try every door, every window, again.  I don’t care that I have checked them hundreds, no, thousands of times.  I will not give up.  I will escape this.
I get to the main doors and pull.  This time, they open.  But, my relief is short lived.
“Corvus,” I say, pulling back from the door.  What new nightmare is this?
“Quickly,” he says, offering me his hand.
I push it away.  “No,” I growl.  “You are the one that trapped me here.”
He looks over my shoulder, at the center of the throne room and pales.  “I never would have done this to you,” he whispers.
I don’t want to believe him.  This is a trick.  It must be.  But, no one can fake that look of horror.  Still, I will never forgive him.
“We don’t have much time,” he pleads.  “You must escape with me now.”
I still refuse his hand.
“Look,” he says, grabbing my wrist.  “I know you don’t trust me.  You have a right to be angry.  But I have one chance to get you out of here, and I am taking it, whether or not you want to be saved.”  With that, he tugs me out of the throne room.
I wake.  Corvus is holding my wrist.  We are standing in a dark room filled with a dim light.  I glance around, my mind hazy.  How did I get here?  Is this another dream?
There are thrones surrounding me.  I stagger back into Corvus.  He catches me, helping to steady my shaky limbs.  I am in shock at what I see.
The Queen of the House of Rose sits upon a throne with a sword carved in the stone over her head.  Her golden locks run down her shoulders to her lap.  I move to touch her.
The hands on my arms let me go.  Corvus knows I can stand on my own.  I touch the queen’s hand, resting on the throne.  It is warm.  She is alive.
“Your majesty,” I say, shaking her arm gently.
Corvus puts a hand out to stop me.  “Your words can’t reach her, Astra.”
“She is trapped, isn’t she?” I realize.  I glance back at Corvus.  “Like I was.”
He nods.
Beside her, I see one of the twins, Serena, from the House of Chalice.  She looks even paler than usual, and her platinum hair glows strangely in the low light.  “Serena, too?” I ask.
He nods.
“Well, do something,” I insist.  “Wake them.”
“I can’t,” he confesses.  “I am not even sure I can get you out of here safely, let alone the other two… even if I could wake them, which I can’t.  The Rose Queen is trapped by a far stronger spell than you were, one crafted by the Raven Queen.”
“Raven Queen?”
He puts his finger to his lips and points to one of the other thrones.  An old woman sits, her eyes open and unseeing as if she is staring into the great beyond.  Her skin is pale as death, cracked and withered with time and age.  Over her head, a staff is carved into her throne.
“We must go, Astra,” Corvus insists.
I nod.  Even as he pulls me away, I can not take my eyes off the withered woman.  He pulls me through massive stone doors that close behind us.  Just as the room is closing from view, the withered old woman turns.
She looks right at me.
The massive doors close.  I turn my attention to the stairs.  Corvus is climbing with incredible speed, but my feet still struggle uneasily.  “Hurry,” he insists.
“I am trying,” I counter.  I slip and he yanks me back on my feet.  He tries to resume his climb, but I am not moving fast enough, still in my haze.
“Let’s try this another way,” he says, pulling me close and lifting my legs to carry me in his arms.
“Corvus!  What are you…” I shout.
“Quiet,” he hisses.
I shut my mouth.  There is an odd rhythm to being carried up these steps and it is humiliating, but we are moving faster than I could have possibly climbed.  He carries me as if I weigh nothing.  The tips of my boots brush the tight stone walls and he hugs me tighter.  My hair is grabbed by a passing loose stone and ripped from the root.  I duck in, tucking under his chin.  Despite my current predicament, I am shocked to discover I actually feel safe.
“Where are we?” I ask as we climb.
“Crow Castle in Shadowspire,” he says.
“Your home,” I whisper.  Imagine growing up in this cold, dark, hopeless place.  I shudder.
Corvus says nothing and continues to climb.
We reach the top of the steps and he kicks open the door.  The entrance hall of the castle is filled with people.  Corvus lets me down gently.  Once my boots are on the ground, he pulls me around to hide behind him.
There is something strange about these people.  Some are soldiers, dressed in armor.  Others are simple farmers and townsfolk.  Yet, they all share something similar.  I struggle to put my finger on it as Corvus starts to move slowly to the front doors.
My foot knocks a decorative suit of armor, causing the display to crash into a pile.  All the heads in the hall swivel slowly in my direction.  I realize in a heartbeat what these people all share.  The pale skin.  Tattered clothes in disrepair.  The shuffling steps.
Beyond all explanation, every other person in this room is dead.  And they are all looking directly at me.
I jump on Corvus, wrapping my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist.
“Astra,” he gasps, pulling at my arm.  “Let go a bit.”
“They’re dead!” I hiss in a panic.
“I know,” he replies.
I loosen my hold so that he can breathe again.  He bolts for the front door as the undead lunge for me, their eyes glistening with hunger.  I can’t look.  There is no way we will make the door.  There are just too many of them.  I close my eyes and tuck my head into his neck.  Corvus stops running and I am forced to look up.
We are trapped, backed against a wall.  I can see the entrance door.  It is maybe five steps away, but we will never make it.  The horde is upon us.  Corvus sees what I see.  He grabs a polearm from another decorative suit of armor and knocks a farmer aside.  A shuffling armored guard with a cup carved into his armor charges us.  Corvus flips the polearm and smacks the guard with the blunt tip of the pole straight to the forehead.  The guard staggers back.  He slips the pole through the belts that secure the guard’s armor, steps out and turns.  The guard is pulled around and as soon as Corvus has enough force, he pulls the polearm back, releasing the guard into the crowd.  The guard stumbles forward, tackling many minions and clearing a path for us.
We leap the fallen undead.  Corvus still has to poke a few strays away, but their hands never touch me.  Soon, we are free and clear of the castle.
Corvus leaps on the back of his horse, a black charger bigger than any I have ever seen, even Chariot.  He lowers his arm and I grab it.  He lifts me on the back and we are off, riding for the drawbridge.
“Get them, you fools!”
I turn.  Malexia stands high above us, screaming from the tallest tower.  A black mist swirls about the tower and rushes towards us like a crashing wave.  I duck as the wave is about to hit us.
Corvus pulls something from his pocket.  A card?  What good with that do?
He holds it up like a shield and the black mist diverts around us safely.
I blink.  I look at the card, then at Corvus.  His face is expressionless.  I glance up at Malexia.  Her face is anything but expressionless.  Absolute loathing is the closest description.
The mist retreats for a moment before it swirls and lunges again.  This time, however, it is not heading for us.
“Come on,” Corvus says, urging the horse faster.
I peek over his shoulder to see what he sees.  “The bridge,” I gasp.
It is too late.  The mist reaches the drawbridge before we do.  It sends the wood crashing into the ravine below and twists the metal viciously.  Yet, Corvus shows no signs of stopping.
“Uh, Corvus,” I begin.
“Come on!” he urges the horse faster.  The horse neighs in response.
“Corvus, the bridge,” I mention again, squeezing his shoulder.
He ignores me and we ride on, faster and faster.  There is no way we will make the jump.  I cling to his back and hold my breath when we reach the edge.
The horse leaps, reaching its zenith and then, begins to fall.  Corvus pulls a card from his pocket and turns it.  As if by magic, the horse rises again and comes down just at the edge of the ruined bridge.
I look back.  We are safe on the opposite side of the ravine, the undead residents of Crow Castle milling at the edge.  A few shuffle and are pushed off, falling into the ravine below.  Malexia’s screams echo over the castle grounds.
Corvus pockets the card and steers the horse down the steep, rocky path.  He doesn’t slow until we are safely in the woods.
I feel woozy.  I let out a breath I had hadn’t realized I had been holding since the bridge jump.  I rest my head on his back, my mind reeling as I try to process everything that has happened.
“Are you… okay?” Corvus asks.
“Yes,” I say, but I am not so sure.  I just feel so overwhelmed.  A castle occupied by the dead.  Dark magic against dark magic.  Corvus betrays me, then rescues me.  I just don’t know what to make of it all.  I am lost.
The horse stops.  Corvus turns back to look at me awkwardly in the saddle.  “What is it, Astra?”
“What is what?” I ask.
“You want to ask me, but you are scared.  Ask me.”  His eyes are clear, his look grim.  Typical Corvus.
“I just…”
He looks at me patiently, waiting.
“I…”  Oh, how do I ask this without sounding ungrateful that this guy just saved my life?  I gather my courage and blurt, “Why?”
“Why rescue you?” he clarifies.
I nod timidly.  Please don’t just dump me here, I beg with my eyes.  But, after such a question, I wouldn’t be surprised…
He turns away from me and the horse begins to move again.
Great.  Now I’ve made him mad.
“I just…” he begins.
I freeze.  He is going to answer my audacious question?
“… couldn’t leave you there like that.” He finishes.  And that is it.  That is all the answer I will ever get.
But, that is enough for now.  I lean my cheek against his back and rest to the gentle sway of horseback travel.

~ 11 ~
Corvus


Why did I rescue her?  The question echoes in my mind.  Her weight feels strange against my back, her cheek warm on my shoulder blade.  It’s distracting.  I am not sure I like it.  Then again, I am not sure I hate it.
Yet, strangely enough, fleeing that place felt freeing.  For the first time in a long time I felt alive.  Hopeful.  It felt good to fight for something that matters.  For someone who matters.
I come to a fork in the road.  Which way?  To the left is Dawnfell.  I can’t take her back there.  I’ve seen her nightmares.  It would break her to see it in real life so soon.  But isn’t that what Mother wants?  To break her?  Am I any better, luring her into a false sense of security, only to shatter her completely?
No.  Mother is wrong.  She will never fall for me.  I will fail.  And Astra will be safe.
To the right lies Briarglen.  I glance down the path and just as quickly turn away.  We don’t have to go down there just yet.  The longer I can keep her away from the House of Rose, the better.
Straight ahead lies Mistfirth, the land of the House of Chalice.  I start down the path.  Astra glances at the sign as we pass.  “Mistfirth?” she asks.  “Why aren’t we going to Briarglen?”
“That is the way she will expect us to go,” I remind her.
“Right,” she says.  There is a pause.  “Good thinking,” she adds.
I nod wordlessly.  I have no plan.  I wonder how long I can wander around with no destination.  No goal.  No mission.  I start to think how nice it would be to do this forever.  Such a dangerous thought.  Forever is not in my cards.  It disappeared ten years ago when the last of my life drained from my body.
We ride for hours.  I see Astra glance over her shoulder nervously from time to time, but no one pursues.  For her, my plan has worked.  She thinks they are searching for us in Briarglen.  The truth is, they don’t have to search for us.  Mother knows exactly where we are at all times.  I will never be free of that woman.
We pass empty villages, abandoned farmhouses, and untilled fields.
“Where is everyone?” she asks.
A blacksmith’s sign hangs sideways from a singe metal eye, creaking in the wind.  The forge is cold and dark.  Ahead, the windows of the local tavern have been broken.  Everything is quiet.
“I don’t know,” I confess.  There should be people.  I rode through here a year ago, when we… No.  I don’t want to think about that now.  The town had people then.  I look around and wonder if this desolation is related.  Could this be my fault?
I urge the horse into a gallop and Astra clings more tightly to my back.  I try to run away, but I can’t shake the images of the abandoned town.  I squeeze my eyes tight, riding blind.
“Corvus,” Astra says gently.
Is that all I have brought to this world?  Death and desolation?
“Corvus!” Astra says again, urgency in her voice.
I open my eyes just in time to see a wall of trees rushing at us.  I try to slow the horse, to turn, but it is no use.  We crash into the forest and are thrown free from the horse, landing in the bushes.
I sit up, looking around me, but I see nothing but trees.  “Astra?” I call.  I start to panic.  Have I killed her?  “Astra!”
“Ow.”  One of the bushes rustles.  I take a breath and stand, heading for the bush.  It rustles again.  There is a foot sticking out of the top.  I eye the ankle.  It’s wearing a white ankle sock and black patent buckle shoes.  I grab the wiggling limb and prepare to pull.  Wait a second… wasn’t Astra wearing boots?
A blast of light hits me like a cannonball to the chest, sending me flying through the forest, where my epic aerial journey is stopped short by an unobliging tree.  I sit up, shaking my head.
What was that?
I see the bush rustle again.  I am back on my feet, running towards it.  Magic light canon foot is going to get a violent rebuttal.  I reach the bush only to find the foot has vanished.
I am so confused right now.
“Corvus!”
I turn.  Astra is talking to a squat fairy dressed entirely in shades of green, a single wing fluttering anxiously, the other a black remnant stub.  “Look who I found!” she calls, beckoning me.
“I found her first,” I mutter under my breath as I jog over.  Fairies.  I hate fairies.
“This is…” Astra pauses to bend down to the fairy, “It’s pronounced Leafweena right?” she clarifies.
“Lay-faw-na, dear,” the fairy clarifies.  “Spelled L-E-A-F-A-W… oh,” the fairy turns and starts following a rabbit.
“Uh,” Astra looks to me for help.
I shrug.
“Leafwee,” she begins.
“Leafawna,” the fairy corrects, still following the rabbit.  It hops down a hole and the fairy looks up at Astra.  “Oh.  Hello, dear.  Have we met?”
“Yes,” Astra insists.  “Moments ago.  I helped you out of a bush.”
“Oh.  That was nice of you, dear,” Leafawna smiles.
Astra’s brow furrows.  It’s cute.  Wait, why is it cute?  I shake my head in annoyance.  Crinkled brows are decidedly not cute.  What is wrong with me?
“So, you were saying that…” Astra begins.
The fairy turns and scurries off after a squirrel.
Astra huffs in annoyance and trots after her, trying in vain to continue the conversation.  “You were saying that the residents of Mistfirth are gone…”
“Gone?”  The fairy looks up.  “Gone, yes.  A year ago.”
“Right,” Astra continues, running alongside the fairy.  “But where have…”
The fairy pauses as the squirrel scurries up a tree, out of reach.  The fairy turns to Astra.  “I’m sorry, dear.  Have we met?”
Astra lets out a sigh of frustration.
The fairy looks up at me.  I see her expression change just in time for her to fire off another light ball at me with her wand.  It hits, sending me into a tree again.  It shakes with the force of the impact, showering me with loose leaves.
“Wait, he’s with me!” Astra cries, too late.
“Oh.  Sorry dear.  Creature of darkness and all that.  Bad habit,” she says, turning to chase a butterfly.
“Damn fairies,” I mutter again, getting up and dusting the leaves off.
“You can say that again,” the squirrel complains quietly overhead.
I glance up.  Huh.  Wouldn’t have guessed the squirrel was enchanted.
I dust the leaves off and get to my feet once more.  “Astra?” I call.  I look around.  There is no one.  Where has she gone?
What has that damn fairy done with her?
I look around frantically for her.  “Astra!” I call again.  Even I can here the note of concern in my voice.  I stop.  What am I, a babysitter?  What do I care if that girl wonders off alone… in the woods… defenseless… and… gets attacked by some vicious animal or worse, eaten by a…
“Astra!!!” I shout.  Her head pops out from around a tree, her finger to her lips.  I nod.  She points down.  The damned fairy has fallen asleep.
“Great,” I mutter, grabbing Astra by the arm and pulling her away as I whisper in her ear, “Let’s find the horse and get out of here.”
“No,” Astra insists, pulling out of my grip.  “She knows what happened to these people.  Aren’t you curious?”
No.  I think I know what happened to them.  And that last thing I want is for you… But, I do not say it aloud.  “Let’s go, Astra.”
“I need to know,” she insists.  She turns away to go sit with the sleeping fairy and wait.  I can tell that it is beyond discussion.  She has made up her mind.  “Damn fairy,” I mutter.  And damn princess…
I cross my legs and sit down beside her as we set in to wait.  Waiting for a sleeping fairy.  What kind of Crow have I become?  I should be blowing the blasted winged thing off the face of the world, but instead, I am stuck, watching her sleep.  I roll my eyes and huff.
Astra begins to hum.  It is strangely soothing.  I pull out my cards and start straightening them out and reorganizing them.  They feel comforting in my hands, familiar.  I shuffle through them.  All the images have been burned into my memory.  I’ve seen each one many times and used them many more.  It would be disaster to use the wrong one, but when you know them as I do, you don’t even have to see the image to know the card.  Every one has a personality, a feel.
“What are those?” Astra asks.  Only then do I notice she has stopped humming and is staring at my hands.  My first instinct is to hide them from view.  My second instinct is, of course, to lie.
“It is just a game,” I reply.  “People use them to make sense of the world.”
“It is not just a game,” Astra comments.  I glance over at her.  Her expression is serious.  I swallow.  How much does she know?  How much could she have possibly worked out?  I hide my true emotions behind a mask, something I am very practiced at.
“Sure it is,” I insist.  Just keep insisting.  Make her doubt herself.  She will cave, if I am certain enough.
Astra shakes her head.  Stubborn.  I narrow my eyes.  “I saw you use them,” she says.  “To save us at the drawbridge… To hold back the fog…” she turns away from me and adds, her voice barely above a whisper, “To put me to sleep.”
Wow.  She has been observant.
“They were once,” I pause, squeezing the cards in my hand.  I glance at her.  Can I trust her?  “They were once used to make sense of the world,” I say, placing The Fool card on my leg for her to see.  “But for dark magic users, they are used for something slightly different.”
Astra eyes the card.  She reaches for it and pulls back, uncertain.  She looks to me.  I nod.  Finally, she picks it up and stares.
“Dark magic users don’t use them to make sense of the world.  We use the cards to change the world.”
I hear her intake of breath.  “How is that possible?”
“You select a card that represents something about your current situation that you need to change… and you turn it.”
She turns The Fool card around.  Nothing happens.  “I don’t get it,” she sighs.
I chuckle.  “Astra, its not that simple.  The card has to mean something to the current situation and…”
“It does!” she insists.
I pause, my mouth hanging open, confused.
“I want to fool Malexia,” she explains as she turns the card around and around.  “Why isn’t it doing anything?  Is it broken?”
I grab the card and slip it back into the deck.  “That’s not how it works, Astra.  Every card has a meaning beyond the name.  They are like people.  Complicated.”
“Really?  Because it just looks like a picture of a fool to me,” she grumps.  She leans over and pokes at another card.  “What does that one do?”
“The Lovers,” I say automatically.  I hide the card.  “Mends or severs relationships,” I answer.
“And that?”  She points to another card.
The Four of Swords.  “It puts someone to sleep, or wakes them.  It has other uses as well…”
She squints at the card.  “That is the one you used on me,” she notes.
I nod.
“It gave me nightmares,” she murmurs.
“No,” I say, shaking my head.  “Not this card.”  I flip a few cards further.  “That would be this one, the Nine of Swords.”
Astra pulls the card from the deck.  “This one?”
“Yes,” I reply, shocked.  “Careful with that.  Mothe…” I pause.  “Malexia uses that to…”
Astra raises the card and rips it cleanly in half.
I almost drop the other cards.  I strange strangled cry escapes my throat.  She continues to rip it up into little pieces.  I put down the deck and reach for the remains of the card.  “What did you do, you strange girl?” I gasp.
I look at the pieces.  It is no use.  I will never be able to use the card again.
“Good riddance,” she says, dusting off her hands.
I am still in shock.  She reaches for the rest of the deck.  “Don’t!” I warn.  She fishes for the Four of Swords.  I expect her to tear it as she has done with the other card, but she just stares at it.
“I wonder,” she says, looking deep into the image on the card.  She puts it on her palm and looks at the sleeping fairy.  Then, she turns it.
“Hmph?  Wha?  Who goes there?” the fairy stirs.
“It worked!” Astra squeals in delight.  “She woke up!”  She turns and hands me the card back.  Her smile is bright as she jumps up and down in excitement.
I pocket the cards, marveling.  It worked.  It wasn’t supposed to work.  Astra is not a user of dark magic.  According to Mother, they are fueled by misery and anguish.  But, if that is true, then why can Astra use them?  Astra, who is too weak to be used as a power source…  It makes no sense.
How much of my life has been a lie?

~ 12 ~
Astra


Leafawna is already on her feet, chasing a leaf blown by a casual wind across the ground.  I jump up and follow.  Corvus will catch up.
“Leafawna,” I say.
“Layfeena,” she corrects, still chasing her leaf.  Her single wing flaps in my face, blowing my hair in my eyes.
I blink and hold my hand up.  Didn’t she tell me it was pronounced… nevermind.  “The people of Mistfirth.  You were saying, they are gone.”
“Yes, yes.  Gone are the people of Firthmist,” she says.
“Mistfirth,” I correct.
“Yes, Mistfirth.  Gone,” she says.
I start to wonder if she is really all… there.  She seems a bit batty.
Corvus comes up behind me.  “Where have they gone?” I ask.  The fairy ignores me.  I give him a frustrated look.  He reaches out and grabs the fairy by the back of her green robes.  She struggles, trying in vain to chase her leaf.  Eventually, she sighs, drops her hands and just hangs there like a wet kitten.
“What do you want?” she moans.  “Why pick on a poor old fairy?”
“Where are the people of Mistfirth?” I ask.
“Gone,” she answers.
I am starting to lose my patience.  What is with this creature?  “Where?” I ask through gritted teeth.
Corvus raises an eyebrow at me in surprise.  I roll my eyes at him.  Everyone has their limits, even a princess.
“It’s a long story, I fear,” she says.
“It’s always a long story with you types,” Corvus mutters.
I give him a look and he lowers the fairy to the ground.  She settles down on a fallen log.  I sit on the grass opposite her.  “And?”
“Where to begin?” she says, putting a finger to her chin.  It leaves a dirty black mark.  She takes a deep breath.  “A long, long time ago…”
“Wasn’t it a year ago?” I ask.
“In a land far, far, away…”
“We’re in Mistfirth,” I remind her.
Corvus snickers.  I sigh and settle in for the long story.
“The King and Queen lived in the castle with their two beautiful twin daughters.  The lands of Mistfirth knew plenty.  The people were happy.  There was peace.  Then, a day came when death rode to this land.”
“Death?” I ask.
“DEATH!” she insists, her voice suddenly booming ominously.  She jumps up on her log and gestures wildly.  “Clad in black from head to toe, he rode a charger as dark as his heart,” she says, her pointed hand tracing his path through the forest.  “He knew no compassion, nor mercy.”  She raises her hands in fists, shaking them.  “Everything perished at his feet, magical and non-magical alike.”
I tilt my head.  How much of this is true?  “You are telling me Death rode on Mistfirth.”
“Well,” the fairy shrugs, dropping back onto the log.  “Okay, maybe not Death.  But, he reminded me of death a bit.”
I cross my hands over my chest.  “He reminded you of Death?”
“A little,” the fairy admits.
“Because he wore black?” I ask.
The fairy furrows her brow.  “You make it sound silly.”
I sigh.
“Anyway, Death… er, the man in black… eh, the guy who… Oh, the story is so much better if I call him Death,” she pleads.
“Whatever,” I say.  “Will you please just tell me what happened?”
“I am getting there,” the fairy insists.  “You don’t have much patience.  What are they teaching princesses these days?  Sheesh.”
“How does everyone know I’m a princess?” I cry, distracted.  I’ve been trying to figure that out for a while now.  “What, am I wearing a sign or something?”
“You aren’t covered in dirt,” Corvus points out.
“Dirt?” I ask.
He shrugs.  The fairy nods, backing him up.
Huh.  Didn’t know it was that obvious. It’s not like I hang out with my subjects, but still.  I never thought they were that dirty.
“Anyway,” the fairy rocks on the log, “Death comes to the King and Queen of Mistfirth, demanding the lives of their daughters in tribute.”
“That’s a lie!” Corvus growls.
I glance over him in surprise.  He looks at me as if he is just as surprised by his own words as I am.  He leans against a tree and pulls in on himself.
“The noble King and Queen refuse.  Death rides across the lands at the head of his undead army.  He takes the life of the King and Queen in their daughter’s stead, then leaves.”
“Leaves?” I ask.  “Just like that?”
“Just like that,” she agrees.
“And all the people?” I ask, nervously.  “Dead?”
“Oh, no dear.  They’re fine.  They took refuge in the castle grounds,” she explains.
My jaw drops.  It was that simple?  Why didn’t she just tell us that in the first place.  All this about death riding across the land…
Before I can say anything else, the fairy is on her feet, chasing another rabbit.  I let her go.  I put two fingers to my temple and sigh.  Talking to her is so exhausting.
Corvus is beside me.  I don’t have to look up to know he is there.  I can feel his silent presence.  “Wow,” I say.  “She was crazy.”
I look up and his lips curve.  After a beat, we break out in laughter.
“I could have told you that about fairies,” he says.
“They aren’t all that crazy,” I counter.  He is quiet.  I furrow my brow.  “Are they really?”
“I’ve never met a sane fairy,” he returns.
“That’s the first fairy I ever met,” I admit.  I glance around the forest.  There is no sign of the horse, or the path for that matter.  The sky overhead is starting to darken.
As if he can read my mind, Corvus looks at the sky.  “It’s getting late,” he notes.
“What do we do now?” I ask.
He looks surprised by the question.  Or maybe it’s because I am asking him.  He quickly recovers.  “Well, we should find shelter for the night.   The woods can get pretty cold and we aren’t safe out in the open.  I am sure there is a place nearby we can stay.  We can search for the horse at dawn.”
I nod.  It sounds pretty good.  I yawn.  I really don’t want to sleep.  After my nightmares, I feel like I never want to sleep again, for fear that they will return to haunt me.  There is some vengeance to be found in ripping up that nasty card.  No one can use it now.
The light is disappearing quickly.  Does the sun usually set this fast?  The forest around us is changing as I stand here, growing wild and waking with nightlife.
“Come on,” Corvus says, as if he can sense my unease.  He grabs my hand and leads me through the woods.
A cold wind cuts through the trees.  I shiver.  He catches me shaking out of the corner of his eye and pulls off his cloak, tying it around my shoulders.  The black feathers tickle my cheek.  I cuddle into the cloak.  “Aren’t you cold?” I ask.
He shrugs.  He is leading me through the darkening wood with expert precision.  I stay close, trying not to trip.  The wind grows more bold, howling past us, moaning like a ghost disturbed from its eternal rest.  I shiver, but it has little to do with the cold now.
Just when I think I can’t take another step, the trees begin to thin, revealing an open field.  At the other end is an abandoned farmhouse.  Corvus takes my hand and we run.  The wind tears at us, trying to rip the cloak from my back.  I cling to it with one hand, to Corvus with the other.  It begins to rain.  Cold sleet showers us.  The mud is hard to cross, sucking at my boots.  I can barely move.  He helps me hop the low wooden fence at the border to the property and we slowly make our way across the field, its crop lying long forgotten, in ruin.
We reach the house and he stops cold.
“What’s wrong, Corvus?” I call over the howling wind and rain.
He does not move, as if frozen in time.  His eyes are glazed over.  I wave my hand in front of his face.  He doesn’t react.  What happened to him?  This time, I take his hand and tug.  He doesn’t move.  I tug harder and he takes a step.  With great effort, I manage to pull him in to the house and shut the door.
Corvus stands straight, unmoving.
I pull the cloak from my shoulders and lay it over a chair.  I shake the water from my hair.  Glancing back at Corvus, it is clear that he isn’t going to snap out of it any time soon.  I head for the fireplace.  How does this thing work?  I put wood into the stone hearth, wincing when a splinter cuts my fish bite.  I pause, wondering where that fish is now.  I hope someone bites him.  See how he likes it.
I glance at the wood.  How do people light it?  The wood goes there… I search the mantle and the shelf nearby.  What am I supposed to use?  Magic?
“Uh, Light!” I try.  Nothing happens.  “Fire?” I ask.  Nothing.  I kick a log with my boot and wince, hopping and holding my foot.  “Ow, ow, ow,” I whimper.
Corvus is at my side in an instant.  “What happened?”
I scowl at him.  “Stupid logs.”
He looks at the fireplace, then at me, a strange look on his face.  Amusement?  He reaches for the drawer beside the hearth and pulls out a box of smaller sticks.
“What are those?” I ask.
“Matches,” he explains.  He strikes one and fire flares on the end.  I stare at the flame.
“So, they are like little magic wands, then?” I ask.
He snickers.  “No, Astra.  There is no magic.  This is how peasants light a fire,” he explains.  I give him a blank look.  “Haven’t you ever lit a fire before?” he asks.  After a moment, he turns away, muttering, “Of course, you haven’t.  When would you have needed to light a fire?  Everything has been done for you, your whole life.”  He grabs some kindling and lights it, tossing it into the fire.  The flames grow.
I ignore the comments.  They are true, after all, but they still hurt.  I warm my hands on the growing fire.  Corvus moves away from the flames and takes a seat at the table.
“Where did you go?” I ask.
“Go?  I haven’t gone anywhere,” he says.
“You were outside, but your mind was somewhere else,” I say, sitting on the stool beside the fire.  “I had to practically drag you in here.”
He blinks.  Was he really unaware of freezing up like that?  He looks around.  “Sorry.”
Sorry?  I don’t want an apology.  I want an explanation!  But, Corvus is already spacing out again.  I sigh and turn my attention to drying out.  I look around the house.  What is it about this place?  Is it this house in particular or any house in general?  I know he was raised in a castle, like I was, but other than figuring out the fire bit, the rest of the place seems pretty much how I would expect it to be.  Simple.  Cozy.  The only thing it’s missing is a hard working peasant family.
I yawn and rub my eyes.  The heat makes me feel more tired than I thought I was.  I tap my cheeks in an effort to keep awake.  I still fear my dreams and what may lurk there.  I don’t need to be drifting off to…
I blink.  The farmhouse is gone.  I am in a different place now.  I vaguely remember… is this the reception hall of the Chalice Castle?  Yes.  A rich blue carpet runs the length of the hall.  Water trickles down the window panes and down channels carved in the floor.  Overhead, a skylight filters moonlight into the hall through a shallow pool of water, causing the light to dance across the walls in ever changing patterns.
Great.  I fell asleep again.  I huff in frustration and try to wake myself up, but I fail.  Did Corvus use a card again?  No.  He was already out of it.  I am here on my own.
I walk through the reception hall, eyeing the dream world around me with apprehension.  I don’t trust it.  Any moment, it could spring something unpleasant.
Up ahead, I hear a familiar trill.  “Myna!” I call.  She flits ahead, distracted by a mountain of seed.  I leave her to her meal.
“Astra.”
I turn.  It’s Vartan.  Not the one from the ball, but the one from my other dream.  His hair is still short, cut slightly crooked by the knife blade.  I smile.  It’s the one I like, not the self obsessed jerk.  He smiles back, his green eyes sparkling in the light of the reception hall.
“This is a change of scenery,” I say.
He shrugs.  “I was getting tired of my castle, weren’t you?”
I nod.  Very tired.  Chalice Castle doesn’t hold any bad memories.  It’s refreshing.
Vartan offers me his hand.  I take it.  We start to walk, side by side.
“How are you?” he asks.
“Better,” I admit, hugging his arm and leaning my head on his shoulder as we walk.  I wouldn’t dare do something like this in real life, but a dream isn’t real.  It is calming, walking beside him like this.  I can almost pretend the real world is the fake one and lose myself in the imaginary.
He leads us outdoors.  A hundred fountains dance in the starlight.  Pink and yellow lilies float on the surface.  The air is warm and filled with the scents of spring.  There is a bench beside the largest of the fountains.  I sit and he settles beside me.
I stare up at the stars.  In my dream, I can see them in their constellations, moving across the sky.  A lion pounces on an unwary bird.  A turtle swims slowly across the sky past an odd looking fish.  Something moves.  I squint my eyes.  Is that a squirrel?  I didn’t know there was a constellation for squirrels.
“They are beautiful,” I say.
“You are beautiful,” Vartan counters.
I roll my eyes at him.  “Don’t start with your lines.  You know that isn’t true.”
“You are, Astra.  Don’t you realize how beautiful you really are?” he says, his eyes reflecting his genuine belief in the truth of his words.
I slide away from him on the bench.
“Astra,” he begs.
I ignore him, looking up at the sky.  The stars are starting to blur.  Stupid tears.
“Astra,” he says more insistently.
“You are ruining a perfectly wonderful dream,” I say, turning away.  I can’t hold the tears back anymore and I don’t want him to see me cry.  I never want him to see me cry.
He grabs my wrist and pulls me to the fountain.  I panic.  Is he going to toss me in?  I don’t know what makes me think it.
He stops at the edge, sinking to sit on the rim of the fountain.  He points to the surface of the water.
“I don’t want to,” I say, resisting him.
“Look.”  His words allow for no argument.  I move, hesitantly, to the fountain.  I look cautiously.  The first thing I notice is the stars.  Their play continues, only backwards, reflected in the surface.
Then, I see myself.  Not as I would in a mirror.  The reflection is a stranger.  She is beautiful.  I realize that this is not how I see myself, but rather, how someone else sees me.  How Vartan sees me.  At least, in my dream.
I sit on the rim of the fountain, staring at my reflection, entranced.  I put a finger to the surface and it ripples out under my touch.  I look up at Vartan.  Emotion burns behind his eyes.  I’ve never seen them light up like that.  He leans in slowly.  I close my eyes and raise my chin.
This is good.  It is right.  I feel his lips on mine and a flood of joy fills my whole body.  It is more than I ever imagined.  Its like my heart has exploded.
I open my eyes and freeze.
It isn’t Vartan kissing me.  It’s Corvus.
I stiffen.  He senses the change and pulls back.  “You tricked me!” I shout.
His eyes widen in shock.  He looks down at his reflection, raising a hand to his cheek.  Then, he looks back at me.  “This isn’t what it looks like,” he says.
“Oh, really?” I hiss.  But, the shock on his face is genuine.
He tries to pull away, but I don’t let him.  I grab his arms with all my strength.  “You think its funny, do you?  To mess with my mind?”
“Let me go,” he says darkly.
I should be scared, but I am too angry to think rationally now.  “How dare you manipulate my dreams!”
“Let go,” he says again.  Something is different about it.  It no longer sounds threatening.  It sounds desperate.  It sounds scared.  However, I don’t let go.
He pulls back, but I refuse to loosen my grip, pulling me with him.  The fountains vanish and we are back in the house.
I let go.  He was playing a trick on me.  I look around.
Something is different about this place.  There is a strange woman next to the hearth, stirring a pot over the fire.
“Oh,” I say when I realize we are not alone.  “I am so sorry.  We didn’t know anyone still lived here.”
The woman continues to stir the pot.  She does not respond.
I walk over to her and touch her to get her attention, but my hand passes through her as if she is made of mist.  “What is this?” I ask.  I turn to Corvus.  “Is this another one of your tricks?”
“You can’t be here,” he says.
“You are the one that shouldn’t be coming into my dreams!” I counter.
“You don’t understand,” he says.  “This isn’t your dream.  It’s mine.”
I blink, taken aback.  His dream?  How did I get into his dream?  I look around me with new eyes.  Is this what its like in someone else’s dream?  Why is it so dark?
“Where are we?” I ask.
“My home,” he answers, crossing the room to stand by me.  He reaches for my hand.  I yank it away.  “Please, Astra.  You must wake up.  You can’t stay here.  Its not safe.”
“Safe?” I ask.  “It’s a dream, isn’t it?”
He does not answer.  He freezes when a small, thin boy enters the room and sits down at the table.  I stare at the small boy, a young version of Corvus.  “This is a dream?  It’s so dreary.”
Corvus is immobile, watching the scene before him.  “It’s my happiest memory,” he whispers.
The woman scoops out the contents of the pot and sets it in front of the boy, ruffling his hair with her hand affectionately.
“I… I don’t understand…” I say.  “I thought you were Malexia’s son…”
“I wasn’t always her son,” he responds.
The farmhouse vanishes.  We are on the roof of Crow Castle now.  Corvus looks around, his face pale.  He is terrified.  “You need to go, Astra.  You don’t want to be here for this…”
“For what?”
A massive flock of crows is approaching.  I can see them a distance away.
Corvus grabs my hand, his eyes pleading.  “Please, Astra.  Don’t do this.  Wake up.  I beg you.”
I have never seen him scared.  What could cause fear like this?  The crows are drawing closer.  “But it’s just a dream…” I say.
The cawing of the crows draws nearer.  It’s so loud I have to cover my ears.
Caw.  Caw.  Hundreds of them.
The cloud of crows drop the small boy from the farm onto the stone.  He winces and rubs his legs.  Slowly, he looks around and stands.  Yet, he does not wear the look of sheer terror his older self does.
Suddenly, I know things are about to get much, much worse.
“Okay,” I say, rushing to Corvus.  “I want to wake up now.”
He says nothing, staring at a dark shadow on the other side of the roof.
“You can sense it, can’t you?”
I turn.  Malexia emerges from the shadows.  I tense.
She shuffles her magic cards in her hands, staring at the boy.
This has to be another memory, I realize.  I turn to Corvus.  He watches the scene, unable to blink or move.
Malexia approaches the boy slowly.  “The tingle in the air.  You know what it is, don’t you?”
The boy shakes his head no, but he continues to stare at her.  His lips move in unison with hers, and I hear Corvus join in as if compelled.  “Dark magic,” all three say.
Her dark red lips curve into a satisfied smile as she draws closer to the boy.  “I have big plans for you,” she says, pocketing all but a single card.  “How old are you?”
“Eight,” he replies.
“Ah,” she smiles again, running the card down his cheek, “So young.  I can promise you all that you desire… power… fame… riches beyond your imagining…”
“Let him go!” I cry, rushing her, but I pass straight through her as if she isn’t there.
“I…” The boy stammers.  “I… just want to go home.”
“This is your home now,” she replies.  “And I am your mother.”
“No, I have a…” the boy tries to argue.
“Not anymore,” she narrows her eyes, silencing his protests.
She pulls out a silver dagger, holding it high.  “The darkness you sense is just a drop in the vast ocean of power that awaits you, but first, you must become a Crow.”
The boy is terrified.  “No!” I scream at the woman, trying to grab the knife and failing.
“And to become a Crow,” she says, raising the dagger, “you must die.”
The blade passes through me and strikes the boy in the heart.  I watch in horror as he sinks to the ground, dead.
Very slowly, I turn back to Corvus.  His face is stone.
The woman cackles and walks away, leaving him there lying on the cold stone.
I crouch down next to the child.  “This…” I say, my hands hanging over him, wanting to touch him, to comfort him, but he really isn’t there.  “This didn’t really happen, did it?” I ask.  I look up at Corvus.  “This is just a nightmare, right?”
Corvus remains paralyzed.
The rooftop disappears, replaced by the dark hall in the heart of the castle.  The boy has disappeared in a wisp of dust, replaced by a teen version, kneeling before Malexia.
“Corvus, it is time you had your own minions.  Ride at the head of my army to the Skycliffs.”
“Skycliffs, Mother?” he asks.  “That territory belongs to the Stars.”
“It is contested territory,” she growls.  “We once ruled over that whole region.  It was lost during the fall of the Raven Queen at the hands of the King of the House of Rose.”
The boy bows.  “As you wish, Mother.”
“Skycliffs?” I whisper, glancing at Corvus out of the corner of my eye.  No.  This isn’t possible.  He fought our army?  He killed my people?
The scene changes.  We stand now at Cloud’s End, the highest point of the Skycliffs where the very clouds come to touch the ground.  The young teen Corvus is crossing swords with General Temis.  The general is clearly more skilled with a sword and is easily overpowering the thin, young boy, but Corvus moves with speed and determination.  He whirls out of the way of the blade as if dancing.
I watch in awe.
The general catches him by surprise and sinks his blade into the boy’s shoulder.  It sticks out the back, not covered in red blood, but rather, in black.  The boy steps back from the general and slowly pulls the blade out and lets it clatter to the ground.  Black mist pours from the wound and closes it.
General Temis stands there, his mouth hanging open.  “What are you, foul creature?”
“Your master,” young Corvus replies, plunging his own blade into the general’s heart.  It slices easily through the armor and finds its goal.  The general falls to his knees.  “I won’t let you have the Skycliffs,” he gasps.
“Yes, you will,” young Corvus says.
The general drops his head and his helm rolls away.  He pants from the pain.
I can barely watch.  My friend, my mentor, killed by the man who rescued me.
“Astra.”
My spine stiffens.  I look around.  Who said my name?
“Astra.”
I turn and realize, it is the general.  He looks up at the young Corvus, his hand resting on the hilt of the sword in his chest.  “Have mercy… on the daughter…”
Young Corvus moves to the general and puts a hand on the man’s head.  He spaces out as I have seen older Corvus do.  When he opens his eyes again, his look has changed.  There is something different.  I can’t put my finger on it, but he isn’t the same as he was only a moment before.
“Mercy… on the daughter… Astra,” the general repeats, sinking to the ground.
Young Corvus pulls a card from his pocket and looks at it, then looks at the general.  He places the card on the fallen man’s chest and leans to whisper in his ear.  “You wish to protect her?  Then you shall.  Protect her from Malexia.  It is your last and only duty.”
The general nods.
Young Corvus draws a steadying breath and pulls the sword from the general’s chest.  He turns the card.  I see now, the card is Death.  Dark mist explodes around them both.  I can hear the yell of the general, mixed with the tortured cry of the young Corvus.  Such pain, such torment.  It is unbearable.  I cover my ears.
The mists envelope me and I am once again back in the Crow Castle.  Young Corvus kneels before Malexia, with General Temis and a host of other soldiers loyal to my family kneeling behind.  Malexia smiles.
“You have done well, my son,” she says.  With a blood red nail, she points at the general.  “A fine catch, indeed.  He will serve us well.  Once we have trained and conditioned your new recruits, we will proceed to the next step of my grand plan.”
“The next step?” Corvus asks.  I note that his voice is not curious.  It is merely accepting.  And, a shade exhausted.  Does he not want her war?
“You will march on Mistfirth.”
I glance over at Corvus.  He stares, unable to look away, unable to stop the flood of memories.  My heart is conflicted.  I can’t make sense of it all.  I can’t process what I am seeing.
I find myself riding on the back of a warhorse across the plains of Mistfirth, towards the Chalice Castle.  Beside me, Corvus rides, dressed entirely in black.  His face is expressionless, his eyes dark.  He does look like death.  The crazy fairy may have exaggerated the rest, but she was right about that.
He charges into the castle.  His men dispatch the guard as easily as breathing.  It helps that they are dead and can’t feel the bite of a blade, unlike their opponents.
Corvus lets nothing slow him.  He heads straight for the throne room.  “Your majesties,” he says, kneeling before the king and queen.  His mouth quirks into a smirk.  “We require the presence of the King.”
“Don’t be preposterous!” the king exclaims.  “You march in here and demand that I go with you after killing my men?  Get out of here, you damned Crow!”
Fear is clear as day, splashed across the king’s face.  He pulls back into his throne, scrambling away from the boy before him.  He is terrified of Corvus.  And Corvus knows it.  I can see it in his eyes.  He is feeding off of it.  Enjoying the terror.  It turns my stomach.
He gets to his feet and dispatches the king with a sword slice.  He sheaths his sword, turns to the queen and kneels as if nothing has happened.  The king slumps over in his throne, dead.  “We are sad to hear of the King’s decline of our benevolent offer.  Will the Queen accept our most generous request?”
The queen spits at him.  He draws his blade.
“Wait!” she cries.  She points to her daughters, cowering in the corner.  “Take one of the girls.”
His smile drops.  He looks at her with disappointment.  “Really?” he says in disbelief.  “A mother would sacrifice a daughter instead of herself?”
The queen narrows her eyes.  “We can’t have two successors to the throne.  I was going to marry one off, anyway.”
Equal looks of betrayal are mirrored on the faces of the twins.  Suddenly, they turn on each other.
“Take her!” they yell in unison, pointing.
Corvus looks between the two girls and points.  “Take that one,” he instructs the guards, pointing at Serena.  Silvia smiles and waves as her sister is dragged away kicking and screaming.
“The throne is mine, sister!” she calls.
“Not yet, daughter,” the queen reminds her.  “Now, leave us, Crow.  You have your prize.”
Corvus cradles his sword in contemplation, eyeing the queen.  “That’s it?  I take your daughter, kill your husband, and you don’t even shed a tear?”
“She’s as bad as Malexia,” I gasp in shock.  “Well, almost.”  But I watch Corvus.  Why is he still here?  What else does he want?
“I can find another husband,” the queen counters easily.  “And as for the daughter… I can always have another child.  I am not too old.  And maybe this time, it will be a proper son.”
Corvus shakes his head and turns to leave.
“Actually,” the queen says thoughtfully.  “This works out better than I could have hoped.  With my husband out of the way, we can finally march on Dawnfell.  My sister has it too good, up there on her perch.”
Corvus stops.
“Thank you, Crow.  You saved me the effort of poisoning my husband,” she calls.
Corvus turns and slays the queen in a single swing.  She crumples in her throne.  He turns to Silvia.  “Be a better queen, or the same fate will befall you,” he mutters.  Then, he strides out of the throne room.
Silvia looks around in shock.  She looks up at the throne, realization dawning on her face.  “Wait, so… I am the queen now?”  She smiles.
I shudder.  Their family is scary.  I never realized how scary until now.  To think they were fighting me for Vartan.  I can’t bear to think to what ends they would have gone to prevent the wedding.  The ball is starting to make more sense.
The castle fades, but it is replaced by nothing, only darkness.
“Corvus?” I call.  There is no answer.
“Corvus!”  I swim through the darkness, searching for him.  My hands catch on something.  I pull it towards me.  It is Corvus.
“Corvus, you need to wake up!  We are stuck in your head.  I can do nothing here.  Please, you must wake up!”
“You hate me, don’t you?” he whispers.  He looks broken.
“I…” I begin.  It’s not that I hate him, but my emotions are conflicted.
“How can you not?  I hate myself.”
“I don’t hate you, Corvus,” I correct him.
“Lies,” he says, turning away from me.  I have to latch onto his shoulder to keep from floating away into the unknown.
“You’ve done some terrible things in your life, but you have had some pretty terrible things done to you,” I say.  I turn his face towards me and put a hand on his cheek.  “The only thing you can do is accept your past and move on.  You helped me, didn’t you?”
He turns away.  I pull his face gently back so I can look him in the eyes.  “You saved me.  You have good in you, Corvus.  As soon as you learn to accept that, maybe you will begin to forgive yourself.”
He closes his eyes.
I start awake.  I am back in the farmhouse.  I heave a sigh of relief.  Across the room, Corvus is lying with his head on the table, still asleep.
The fire has gone out in the hearth.  I add more logs and look for the non-magical magic sticks to strike a flame.  I watch as the fire builds, staring into its heart, trying to make sense of what I have seen.
Corvus has killed.  He has enjoyed killing.  He is responsible for the deaths of people I care about.  But, he rescued me.  What am I to do?
I stare at the flames, but they hold no answers.

~ 13 ~
Corvus


I look out of the windows.  The sun is rising.  Another day begins, but something has fundamentally changed between Astra and I.
Astra won’t talk to me.  She won’t even look at me.  She shuffles around the house, busying herself, careful to avoid me.
Not that I can blame her.
I expected her to run screaming from the house last night, when she woke from my dreams.  When she learned the truth about my past.  She didn’t run screaming.  But I almost feel like running would have been preferable to this torment.  She is here, just out of my reach, but she can’t bear to look at me.
And I can’t bear to look at her.
I don’t know what happened last night.  One minute, I was in her dream, the next, she was pulled into my head.  It’s never happened before.  I didn’t even know it was possible.
I hold my head in my hands and close my eyes.  She hates me.  I hate myself.
A fist pounds against the door.
I jerk up, alert.  Astra moves behind me.  “Who could it be?” she asks.
I shrug.
The fist pounds again.  I get up from the table and make my way to the door.  Astra peers timidly from behind my shoulder.
I open the latch and pull the door open slowly.  It creaks and a rush of wind blows leaves through the gap.  Astra puts her hand up to her face to shield her eyes.  I stare at the new arrival dispassionately.
It is one of strangest creatures I have ever seen.  A tall, slender fairy the size of a full-grown woman, dressed in tight red leather.  I blink.  Is she really a fairy?  I see the wings… the wand… but, leather?
Shock crosses her features.  “Evil!” she cries and before I can move, she hits me with a ball of light.  I fly across the house and collide with the back wall.  The house shudders from the force of it.  I shake my head, trying to clear it.  Damn fairies.
“Wait!” I hear Astra cry.  “He is with me.”
Still?  After what she saw last night, she still protects me?  I look up at her, but all I see is her back.  She stands between me and the fairy.
“You have been brainwashed, child.  That thing can bring with it nothing but misery.”
“He rescued me,” she insists.
“Move aside, girl,” the fairy growls.
Astra puts both hands out, blocking their entrance.  “No.  You will not touch him again.”
The fairy turns to her and narrows her eyes.  Then, she gasps and steps back.  “Princess Astra?” she asks.
“Yes,” Astra nods, slightly confused.
“You are the one I seek.  I need you to come with me, immediately,” the red fairy insists.
Astra lowers her hands.  “Okay.”
“Astra!” I shout in warning.
The red fairy smirks and turns in a split second, hurtling another ball of light at me.  I am blown through the wall, rolling backwards into the wilderness beyond.
Astra turns and yanks the wand from the fairy’s grasp.  “I’ll take that,” she says.
The fairy frowns.  “Give it back, princess.”
“Stop shooting him with balls of light,” Astra counters.
“Spheres of light,” the fairy corrects.  Astra crosses her arms, waiting.  “Fine,” the fairy huffs.  “You can keep your little evil pet.  But don’t come crying to me when he turns on you and betrays you.”  Astra hands her back the wand.
I get back to my feet, my head still spinning.
The fairy offers Astra a hand.  “Florence,” she says.
“Nice to meet you,” Astra shakes it.  “Now, what was this about seeking me?”
“Yes,” Florence taps her wand in her hand.  It casts of sparks on each collision.  “I journeyed to Dawnfell, only to discover I had just missed you.”  She pauses thoughtfully, adding, “Sorry for your loss.”
Astra nods.
“Anyway, I searched every corner of Auronia for you, with no luck.  Then, a colleague of mine told me you were in the area and I knew my luck had changed.”
“Collegue?”
“Leafawna,” she answers.
I move to stand by Astra.  I know I am glaring at the fairy.  I can’t help it.  I loathe them more than any other thing in existence.  Except, of course, Mother.
“Come,” the fairy says and starts to walk.
Astra starts to follow, but I grab her arm.  She looks at me questioningly.  Why is she so trusting?  This fairy could be up to no good.  Why can’t she see that?
“We aren’t going anywhere with you,” I say.
The fairy bares her teeth at me and raises her wand.
Astra steps in front of me.  “You promised!”
The fairy glares at me, but lowers the wand.  “Would you please come with me, princess?  The fate of all of Auronia hangs in the balance.”
“Why me?” Astra asks.
“Because you are the only one that can wake the prince,” she explains.
Astra furrows her brow.  “The prince?  What prince?”
Oh no.  I know where this is going…
“The prince of the House of Rose,” the fairy answers.
“Vartan?” Astra gasps.  “What has happened to Vartan?”
I let her go and pull away as she runs to the fairy’s side.  The fairy smiles gently and puts a hand on her shoulder.  “We must not delay.  We will set out for Briarglen, where…”
“Briarglen?” Astra interrupts.  The fairy does not look pleased at the interruption.  “I can’t…” she says, stepping back.  “I can’t go there.”
“Of course, you can,” the fairy counters.  “Why not?”
“She will look for me there,” Astra replies, leaning in to whisper, “Malexia.”
The fairy laughs.  “Child, you realize you travel with her son, no?”
Astra glances over at me.  “Yes, but…”
“Malexia has eyes on you at all times,” the fairy explains, pointing to me.  “His eyes.  She sees what he sees, knows what he knows.  Your pet betrays you.”
Astra blinks at me.  “No,” she insists.  “He helped me escape.”
The fairy raises an eyebrow at me.  I stare her straight in the eyes, daring her to argue.  Finally, knowing she is losing the argument, even though she is in the right and she knows it, she sighs.  “I could be wrong,” she lies.  Better to lose the argument than lose the princess.
Damn.  She is far cleverer than she seems.
“But, now you have me.  I can protect you from Malexia.”  She shoots me a furious glare.  And protect her from you, it says.  Then, she smiles innocently at Astra.  “Will you please come with me to wake the prince?”
Astra crosses her arms over her chest and dips her chin, thinking.  Finally, she looks up.  “I’ll do it,” she agrees.
“Terrific!” the fairy cries.  She points her wand into the air and fires off a bright burst of sparks that fall back to earth like fallen stars.  A bird flying high overhead circles and comes in for a landing.
As it grows closer, I realize it’s a huge white bird.  No, not a bird.  It’s a… horse?
“A pegasus,” Astra gasps in wonder.
What is a pegasus?  The bastard offspring of a bird and a horse?
It lands softly beside the fairy, bowing its head in deference.  “Leopold, will you carry Princess Astra to the Rose Castle?”
“Of course, Lady Florence,” the horse-bird agrees.
“A talking horse-bird,” I mutter.
The horse raises up until it towers over me.  “I won’t touch that thing,” he says, meaning me.
“I wouldn’t want to ride you,” I counter.  “Its unnatural!”
“Oh, are you one to speak of unnatural?” the horse jabs back.
We glare.
The fairy pats the horse-bird on the neck.  “Easy, Leopold.  Vesuvius can carry the dark one.”
Vesuvius?
She fires another volley of sparks into the sky.  This time, a large black bird-that-isn’t-entirely-a-bird-horse lands beside its white mirror image and bows before the fairy.  “Lady Florence?” the horse asks.
I blink.  It’s voice is light and airy.  A female horse-bird?
“Can you carry the creature?” she asks the horse.
Creature?  I really hate fairies.  And horse-birds.
“I will carry the boy,” the black horse-bird agrees.
Her shining black eyes meet mine.  There is a kind of understanding between us.  She crosses to me and kneels down on the ground.  I look at her, unsure how exactly to get on her back.  Her black, glossy feathers remind me of crows, but not in a scary way.  They remind me of my dreams of youth.  Of flying.
She lowers her head.  “Step over my neck and settle between the wings.  As long as you’ve got a good grip on my mane, you will be safe.”
I do as she instructs.  I feel odd, out of my element.  The fairy watches me with amusement, Astra with surprise as I climb on to the horse-bird.
Once I am in place, the horse-bird rises.  I am not uncomfortable, surprisingly.  Her back is broad from her wings and I settle right in.  She moves her wings tentatively.  I barely notice.  I realize that she has done this to reassure me.  Without thinking, I reach down at pat her neck as I would any horse.
Leopold is on me like a flash.  He gallops to her side and clamps his teeth on to my leg.
“Leopold!” Vesuvius gasps, striking him with her wing repetitively until he lets go.
“Don’t touch her,” he snaps as he pulls back, glaring at me.
She sighs.  “He has to touch me, Leopold.  He’s riding me,” she reminds him.
“I don’t like it,” he snaps.
“It can’t be helped, Leopold,” the fairy cuts in.  “The quickest way to Rose Castle right now is to fly.”
Leopold snorts at the fairy, but bows in acceptance.  Who is this fairy?  Why do the horse-birds treat her like royalty?  Fairies don’t have royalty, do they?
The fairy helps Astra on to her horse-bird.  She pets his neck.  Now I know why the horse-bird bit me.  Right now, I want to bite him back.
He looks over at me and laughs with a hearty neigh.  Stupid horse-bird.
Leopold starts to trot and flap his wings.  Astra gasps and clings to his neck as they soar into the air.  The fairy follows on shimmering wings.
Vesuvius eyes me.  “Ready?” she asks.
I nod.
She sets into a full gallop.  With a few thrusts of her wings, we are in the air, gliding over the treetops.
“Wow,” I say in utter amazement.  I close my eyes and feel the wind on my face.  “It’s better than I ever imagined.”  My stomach clenches in anticipation as we rise into the clouds.  I put my hands out and feel the wind push against me.
For a moment, everything else is forgotten.  Malexia, the crows… all of it, erased.  I am eight again, and I am dreaming of flight.  Only, this time, the dream is real.

~ 14 ~
Astra


Soaring high on the back of a white pegasus into the sapphire sky, crisp and clear from the recent storm, it is easy to imagine I am floating on a cloud.  The sun, high overhead, warms me in contrast to the cool, sharp wind.  The easy rise and fall of Leopold’s wings lulls me with its reassuring rhythm.
From up here, it is as if I can see the world with a new kind of clarity.  It is as if the future is spread out before me to the horizon.  I can see the dark clouds of another storm approaching, but I am not afraid.  I will survive it, as I have survived everything up til now.  There will be losses, and the road will be rough, but we will make it.
I have already learned first hand of loss.  If I can live through that, I can live through practically anything.  I think of Mother, Father… General Temis… And my thoughts stray to those I have been separated from.  Stormy… Myna…  I wonder if they are still alive.
“You look thoughtful, princess,” Florence flies close, careful to avoid Leopold’s wings.
“I am just wondering how my friend is fairing,” I confess.  “We were separated.”
“I see,” she says.  “Your friend is the enchanted starling, no?”
I sit up.  “You’ve met Myna?”
She smiles conspiratorially.  With a wave of her wand, she shoots sparks through the sky, towards Dawnfell.  A few minutes later, flying towards me at break-neck speed, is my glorious puffy starling.
“Myna!” I cry.
She tweets her full range of notes, mixed with words, all of which are completely undecipherable.  She flits around me, planting kisses on my cheeks, my temples, my nose… anything she can reach.
“Alright, alright,” I say.
She settles down on my hand, her chest puffing out in heaving gasps.  “Astra!” she coos.  “I thought I had lost you!”
“You almost did,” I admit.  I point over my shoulder at Corvus.
“Him,” she squawks.  Before I can stop her, she shoots through the air to attack him.
“Myna!” I call.
A dark shadow passes over her and before she can reach Corvus, a mass of black feathers tackles her from the sky.  Crow and starling spin out of control towards the ground.
“Myna!” I cry.  “Florence, do something,” I beg.
“Ptarax!” Corvus shouts.  Their spinning descent stops and the crow carries Myna in his beak.
I close my eyes.  I can’t bear to look.
“Let go of me, you filthy beast!”
My eyes fly open.  She is alive!  She pecks at him, trying to free herself.
“Let her go,” Corvus tells the crow.
The crow spits Myna out.  She explodes out in a flurry of green and blue feathers.
Corvus puts out his arm and the crow flies over to land.  “I found the starling,” the crow announces proudly.
“Yes, I can see that,” Corvus replies.
The crow looks disappointed, but Corvus reaches out and runs a finger down his back between his feathers.  The crow closes his eyes in satisfaction.
Myna rushes for me, settling on my shoulder.  She spends the next several minutes cleaning her feathers, picking out bent and broken ones, and cursing in bird tweets at Corvus and his crow.
“I am so glad you’re here,” I tell her.  “I was so worried!”
“It is good you left Dawnfell when you did,” Myna explains, in-between pulling out beakfulls of feathers.  “Malexia’s forces grow bold.  They will march on us soon.  The army is scattered.  The people flee, with no one to lead them.  Every day, the mists creep further and further into the realm.  It is especially hard on enchanted creatures.  I have gathered those I can convince to move at the Deepwell Caverns on the far side of Shimmering Creek.”
I hold my hand up to shade my eyes from the sunlight as I look to the distance.  I can barely make out the boarders of Dawnfell from here, let alone the Shimmering Creek.
“That is why you must wake the prince,” Florence interjects.  “Only the Rose Army can stand a chance against Malexia’s forces.”
I know.  It is why I am betrothed to Vartan.  I press my lips together tightly.
“Why do I need to wake the prince?” I ask.  “What kind of spell is he under?”  It’s a logical conclusion in Auronia.  I hardly think that he would be sleeping of his own accord through this disaster.  Then again, it is Vartan.  Maybe it is just a nap.
“It is an old curse,” Florence explains.  “Cast upon his mother when she was just a baby.  She escaped it once, but only just, with the help of her now husband.  But six months ago, the spell was recast.  The whole kingdom fell victim to the curse.  So, the Queen sleeps once more, but so does the King, so there is no one to wake her this time.  Our only hope is to wake the son.  Her blood runs through his veins.  The same solution that saved her may save him.”
“Solution?” I ask.
“A kiss,” Myna trills.  “Everyone knows this story.”
Florence smiles.  “Correct, little starling.  A kiss.  But, not just any kiss.  A kiss of true love.  And you, my dear, are his betrothed.”
I swallow.  True love?  I can barely stand the guy.  I was forced into this betrothal by necessity.  Now, I fly to kiss him awake, again by necessity.  I don’t even know if I can love him, let alone true love.  To think I would have settled for doesn’t-make-me-want-to-throw-up-in-my-mouth-a-little.  And now this?
“So,” I begin.  “Let’s say… hypothetically… that someone may not be entirely sure that they are, in fact… you know,” I pause, “in love with their betrothed.”
Florence blinks at me, her eyelids moving as quickly as her fluttering wings.  She looks at Myna.  They both break out laughing.
“Oh, my dear,” she says, wiping a tear of laughter from her eye.  “You just have cold feet.  Every girl goes through it at one time or another.  Don’t worry.  You don’t have to marry him right away.”
“It’s just a kiss, Astra,” Myna teases me.
Just a kiss.  The fate of Auronia as we know it rests on my love for a man I can’t stand.  Tell that to a girl, then tell her “It’s just a kiss,” like its nothing.
“Cheer up, silly girl,” Myna chirps.  “It will be all right.  You’ve got a fairy with you.  Things always work out when there is one around.  Good magic is on your side!”
Florence nods emphatically.
A chill fills the air.  We fly into the heart of a bank of dark clouds, obscuring everything.
“What happened?” I ask.  “Where are we?”
“We’ve entered Briarglen,” Florence responds.  “Leopold, fly under.”
The pegasus dives.  The clouds persist as we go lower and lower.  How much further can they go?  Where is the ground?
Finally I see something.  Just in time, we pull up and coast over a sea of thorns as big as tree trunks.
“What… what has happened to this place?” I gasp.  This isn’t the Briarglen from my memories.  It is a dark and cursed place.
“Malexia,” Florence replies.

~ 15 ~
Corvus


Astra vanishes into the cloud bank before me.
“Where did she go?” I ask.
“They’ve entered Briarglen,” Vesuvius responds as we fly into the clouds.
I shiver.  I can feel Mother’s power, pressing in on me, enveloping me.  Tendrils of air slither around my neck and tighten, like fingers.  I will never be free of her.
Vesuvius dives, coming up just above the Thorny Sea.  I look down at the handiwork of the Raven Queen, made possible by my capture of the Chalice girl.  To think of what she will do with these lands when she has control of Astra.
I can’t let that happen.  But, what can I do?  I have no free will.  She owns me.  My heart is no longer my own.  It hasn’t beat in a decade.  I hide in Astra’s dreams and pretend that life is different.  That I am different.  That my fate is not sealed by the cruel mists that course through my veins in lieu of blood.
“Your heart is conflicted,” Vesuvius says calmly.
“Master has no heart,” Ptarax caws, a hint of pride in his tone.
I remain silent.
“You perch on his shoulder, yet you know less of your master than the snow knows of the flame, little bird,” Vesuvius neighs.
Ptarax huffs and flies ahead to sulk.
“How?” I ask.
“How do I know?  Your emotions betray you,” she says.
“Ptarax is right.  I have no emotions.  I have no heart,” I say.
Vesuvius laughs.  “You feel deeper than any creature I have ever met.  But, out of necessity, you have hidden those feelings deep down, so far in the darkness that not even you realize they are there.”
“You don’t know what you are talking about,” I growl.  Suddenly, I want to be anywhere else but here.  Stupid horse-bird.
“I do know of what I speak,” she counters.  “I am a creature of darkness, like you.”
I furrow my brow, puzzled.  “How is that possible?” I ask.  I sense no darkness in her.  I would know my own kind.
“I found balance,” she replies.  “Leopold and I are a matched pair.  He is a creature of light, brought into this world by joy and laughter, so they say.”
“They?”
“The fairies,” she answers.
Damn fairies.
“I, on the other hand, was born of jealousy and torment.  For the longest time, it was all I knew of the world, of existence.  Even when I met him for the first time, all I could do was feel jealous.  And I was tormented by that jealousy.  It drove me to pure hatred.  My hooves were aflame and I burned streaks across the night sky, raining fire down upon the world.”
She is so calm, so confident, so at ease.  I can’t imagine her in such a state.
“Don’t believe me?” she asks.
I laugh.  “It sounds like a fairy tale.”
“I wouldn’t believe me, either, seeing what I have become,” she admits.  “But it is true.  I was a thing of nightmares, Leopold a thing of dreams.  We were of two different worlds, he of day, I of night.”
“So what happened?” I ask.  “How did you change?”
“We found balance,” she admits.  “I am not the only one that changed for our love.  We met at dusk for a grand battle for supremacy of the air, a final face off between night and day.  I struck my blows, he struck his.  In the end, we fell to the ground, too tired to move.  There, under the darkening sky, for the first time Leopold saw the beauty in stars.  And I saw the beauty in him.  My fire changed, but it burned more fiercely than my hatred.  It was love.  And Leopold, too, felt fire in his heart for the first time, a fire that still burns today.”
I look down at the mark on my leg.  “That explains the bite.”
She laughs.  “Yes, well, sorry for that, but I think he might have also inherited a bit of my jealousy.”
We fly in silence as I think about her tale.  I know she meant it to help ease my mind somehow, but it has only succeeded in making me more conflicted.  I don’t want any darkness near Astra.  She is a thing of light.  Pure and innocent.  I can not bear to taint her.
Even if she could be with me, what sort of future would that be?  I am dead.  Even if I were ever able to be free of Malexia, I would cease to exist, my life is so inextricably tied with her dreaded mists.  What kind of life can I promise her?
No.  I resolve to separate myself from her.  I will not drag her down with me.  No longer will I walk in her dreams.  No longer will I let her close.  In my mind, I build a wall, a stone at a time, sealing away Astra.  For her own good.  For mine.
I can not love her.  She can not love me.  There will be no balance for us.  She will wake Vartan.  He will march on Shadowspire.  The Crows will fall and I will finally die.
All will be right with the world once more.

~ 16 ~
Astra


“I see it!” I shout.  Ahead, the clouds have parted and the spires of Rose Castle greet us like long lost friends, beckoning in the mist.
Florence looks to the west where the sun is setting.  She slams her wand against her palm, sending a shower of sparks.  “Quickly,” Florence insists, “before the sun sets.”
“Why before the sun sets?” I ask.
“Briarglen has been corrupted by dark magic.  Shadows lurk here… dangerous specters that grow stronger in the night.  I would turn back if we could, but we have no time to lose and can not spare another day delay.”
“Shadows?” I ask.  No one answers me.
The pegasus circles to land in the courtyard.  Corvus lands just behind us.  He looks different somehow.  Darker.  Colder.  Maybe it is just the light from the setting sun.  A chill trickles down my spine.
“Hurry now,” Florence says, rushing the castle doors.  She waves her wand and they open swiftly with a loud bang.  She holds up her wand.  A warm red glow fills the room.  Carefully, we navigate the floor strewn with unconscious castle residents and cross to the stairs.  Florence flutters up them with rapid wingbeats as I struggle to keep up, taking the stairs two at a time.  “Hurry,” she says whenever I start to fall behind.
“I’m trying,” I snap.  “Not everyone has wings, you know.”
“Hurry,” she says again.
If she says hurry one more time, so help me, I am going to…
I finally reach the top of stairs and what awaits me?  More stairs.  I climb and climb.  Eventually, I reach a narrow landing outside a wooden door.
Florence flutters out front, waiting.  “Go in, child,” she says.
I put my hand on the door and pause.  Can I do this?  Just a kiss…
I feel her hand at my back as she pushes me.  I stumble into the room and she closes the door behind me, to give us privacy.
What have I gotten myself into?
I swallow and look around the room.  Outside the window, the sun is setting quickly.  I glance over at the bed.
Vartan is lying, eyes closed, hands over his chest.  He looks peaceful.  Serene even.  It is hard to remember that he is the insensitive jerk from my memories.  I don’t want to punch him at the moment.  But, that is the extent of my feelings.  I look at him, lying there, golden hair, clothed in a rich, deep green… the dream prince of any princess and yet, I feel nothing.  The world is counting on me and I feel empty.
I can’t do this.
No, I have to do this.  I cross the room and stare at him, willing myself to feel something.  To feel anything.  I glance over at the window.  The sun has almost set.  I sit on the bed and grab his hand.  It’s warm, but still, I feel nothing.  What is wrong with me?
I shake my head.  Come on, Astra.  For Dawnfell.  For all of Auronia.  Just, do it.  I lean in and close my eyes.  Our lips touch.  Slowly, I open my eyes again.
Vartan still sleeps.
I try again.  Nothing.  I kiss his forehead, his eyelids, his lips again and again.  Nothing.  I look up.  The sun has set.  We are out of time.
I have failed.
Florence bursts in.  “My prince, you must…” her voice dies away as she stares, uncomprehending.  “You haven’t kissed him yet?  What are you waiting for, a formal invitation from a courier?  Kiss the boy!”
“I…” my voice fails.  “I did,” I manage as I collapse into tears.
The fairy staggers back and sinks against the wall to the floor, her wand lying across her lap, forgotten.  “Then… we are doomed,” she says.
I hear heavy footfalls coming up the steps slowly.  I look up, brushing the tears from my face.  “Corvus?” I call hesitantly.
“Wrong, my dear.”
I jump.  The voice comes from the window.  I turn and find Malexia standing a few feet away, grinning like the cat that ate the canary.  She bends over Vartan, toying with a lock of his blonde hair.
“Aw, did true love not work?” she teases me.
My mouth remains shut.
“Or is it that your heart belongs to another?” she asks, narrowing her eyes.
“My heart is my own,” I snap.  “It belongs to no one.”
Malexia raises a perfect eyebrow at me.  “I see.  How disappointing,” she says.
Disappointing?
“Malexia!” Florence shouts.  She is back on her feet, her wand at the ready.
“Calm yourself, Flo,” Malexia sighs.  “You have no power here now.  The sun has set.  This land is permeated with my power.  It is in the very air you breathe.  If I so wished it…” she pauses.
Florence gasps.  She drops her wand and puts both hands on her throat, wheezing, desperate for air.  Her mouth flaps like a fish left on land.
“The same, even as a child, Flo.  Always too wrapped up in your self importance to see the bigger picture.”
Florence collapses to her knees, cradling her throat.
“Stop it!” I cry.
Malexia turns on me.  “Really?  Do you think you can take me on, little princess?” she asks, mockingly.
I know there is nothing I can do, but I can’t just stand there and do nothing as she strangles Florence with an unseen force.  I move to charge.  But hands hold me back.
“Corvus don’t…” I begin, but as I turn, the words catch in my throat.  It isn’t Corvus.  That battle scarred face, haggard with age and shaded with death could belong to only one man.  General Temis.
The general holds me, his eyes staring ahead blankly.  There is no recognition there.  His touch is cold.  He is truly deceased.  And he is in the power of Malexia.
“What shall I do with her, my Queen?” he asks.
“Corvus has failed me, it seems,” she says, turning her back on us.
Florence collapses to the ground.  I don’t think she is breathing anymore.
“Oh well.  Take her back to Shadowspire.  We’ll find another way to corrupt her.  And with that power, all of Auronia will bend to my will.”  Malexia moves to the window and pauses, glancing over her shoulder at me.  “You could have made this so much easier on yourself, you know, if you had just fallen for him, like you were supposed to.  I go through all that trouble to let you escape, and for what?  I waste two whole days for nothing.  My dreadful son can’t sway a simple girl’s heart.”
“Corvus?” I gasp.  No.  He wouldn’t betray me.  He helped me.  Didn’t he?
“Oh,” Malexia tilts her head.  “I see it wasn’t a complete loss.  There’s a flicker of concern there.  Still, not the complete heart shatter I was hoping for.  We’ll work on it, don’t you worry.  By the time I am through with you, you’ll wish for death.”
She turns and leaps out the windows.  The black mists catch and envelope her, flying off towards Shadowspire.
Tears flow from my eyes.  I gasp for breath, but it feels like my chest has been crushed.  Temis steers me to the door, past the fallen fairy.  I don’t have to look to know she is dead.  He guides me down the stairs, his grip like a vice.  I move like an empty puppet, with no will of my own.
A small force is waiting for us when we reach the ground.  I shudder as I realize the men kneeling before Corvus were the very same guards we stepped over coming into the castle.  Rose guards.
Corvus has donned his black helm, the one from his ride on Mistfirth.  I can only see his mouth, set in a flat line, and the black glint of his eyes.  I realize now how much he truly looks like death.
“The fairy is dead, my lord,” Temis reports to Corvus.  “Malexia has ordered us back to Shadowspire with the girl.”
“I see,” Corvus says, drawing his blade.  As quick as lightning, he moves in a flash, dispatching four of the Rose guards.
I feel Temis tighten his grip.  He pulls me for the door.
“No!” I scream as I kick and flail, but it is no use.  I was no match for the general in life, and in death, he has a supernatural strength.  “Please, let me go!” I plead.
“Quiet, girl,” he hisses.
Corvus continues to fight off the rest of the undead Rose soldiers, casting each aside like sacks of flour as he moves on to the next.
Temis reaches the door.  I reach out with my foot and hook a small, ornate rose, clinging with all my energy.  He pulls.  My leg screams in pain, but I do not let go.
“Astra,” he hisses in my ear.  “You must let go.”
I stop struggling.  I turn to look at him.  His eyes are soft.  I can see my reflection in them.  My friend, my mentor.  His grip relaxes.  All the pain and anguish boils up in me again and I can’t contain it any longer.  I lay my head on his chest and start crying.  He continues to hold me as the war wages within the castle.  Clashes of metal on metal, punctuated by the cries of the fallen, echo across the grounds.
Corvus rushes from the doors, his sword in hand, covered in black blood.  “Get to the horses,” he says.  Temis nods.  Corvus starts to fight off another contingent of Rose guards.
“Come on, Astra,” Temis says.
There is a high-pitched whine in the air, followed by a hollow thunk.  Temis looks down at me, a trickle of black blood running down from the corner of his mouth.  Blinding pain explodes from my chest.  I look down and see that we have been run through together by a giant spear.
“I am sorry, Astra,” he says to me, his breath coming in gasps.  “Killing your parents was… the only way to save them… from Malexia…” he pauses, struggling to breathe.
I want to tell him not to worry.  I want to hold him and tell him I forgive everything and that I understand.  But, I can’t.  I struggle in vain just to breathe.
He puts a hand to the side of my face.  “I was supposed… to save you… and I have failed.  Forgive me, sweet princess.”  His hand drops as the light leaves his eyes.
This isn’t real.  It can’t be happening.
“Astra!” Myna screams, diving towards me.
Corvus, fighting off four Rose guards, hears her scream and turns towards me.  He slays them quickly and mercilessly, leaving his sword in the chest of the last man, who collapses to the ground like a sack of potatoes.  With one movement, Corvus removes his helm and rushes to my side.
“Oh, no, Astra,” he gasps.  He pulls me back off the spear, the handle inching slowly through my chest.  I teeter on the edge of consciousness, but his voice holds me back from the brink.  “There you go.  Easy there.  Just a little further.  I’ll fix this, Astra.  I swear to you.  Almost there.”  As soon as I am free of the spear, he catches me as I collapse.
I shudder in his arms.  It is surprising how warm they feel now.  I try to open my mouth to speak, but instead, I only manage to cough up blood.
There is no way I will survive this.
He grabs my hand.  “I… I will fix this,” he insists.
With dark magic?  I pull away with the last of my strength and find my voice.  “No, Corvus… Malexia can’t use me… if I’m dead,” I gasp.  “Dawnfell... Auronia will be safe.”
“Astra,” he begs.  There is such anguish in his voice.
I turn my head as the world fades, the last of my energy draining away.
“I won’t let you die,” he promises.
I feel something on my chest.  There is a strangled chirp and suddenly warmth floods through me.  Life.  The pain recedes from my chest.  In the distance, I can hear a bird singing.  Myna?
I feel my hands and feet again, swinging.  I am being carried?
Somehow, I find the strength to crack one eye open.  “What happened?” I ask.
Corvus says nothing, tying me securely to the back of the white pegasus.  He smacks the horse on the backside and it takes to the air.  “Ptarax!” he shouts.  “Protect her!”  I hear the crow caw in response.
Below, a sea of undead Rose Castle residents swarms Corvus, overwhelming him.  The last thing I see is his face disappearing in a pile of limbs as he sinks out of sight.  His face shows his resolve.  He has accepted his fate.
I struggle to move, to sit up, but the ropes are too tight.  “No, go back,” I say, but the pegasus flies on, away from the castle.
The crow carefully lands on my bound hands.  “Go help Corvus!” I beg the crow.
“Master told me to protect you,” he replies.
I sob.  Losses.  Too many losses.  Father.  Mother.  Florence.  Temis.  Corvus…  I jerk my head around.  “Where is Myna?”
“Myna?” the crow asks.
“The starling!” I insist.  “We must go back.”
“The starling is dead,” the crow counters.  “She gave her life for yours.  One life requires another.”
“No!” I cry.  Myna…  Corvus used her life to save mine.  The life of an innocent.  He should have let me die!
I will never forgive him.

~ 17 ~
Corvus


I am bound.  The mindless masses carry me through the briars, heedless of the thorns tearing at their clothes, their hair, their skin.  Their destination is Shadowspire.
I can’t worry for my fate.  It does not matter.  Astra is alive again, and safely far away from here.
Still weak from the loss of Temis, I fade in and out of consciousness.  My thoughts travel back to the battle of Skycliffs, to Cloud’s End.  I remember the feel of the sword sinking through the general’s armor.  I could feel, through the blade, the strength of his heart, the certainty of his convictions.  His duty to Astra was intoxicating.  I knew of the girl in passing, but until that day, I didn’t really know her.
When he begged me to save her, curiosity pushed me to use my dreamwalking ability in a way I had never thought to use it before.  I saw the world through his eyes.  And that was when I really saw her.
I watched her grow from a cute little girl in pigtails to a beautiful, capable woman.  When I pulled away from Temis, I knew that mindless servitude wasn’t what I wanted from this man.  I wanted him whole.  And I wanted him to protect her.
I knew it was only a matter of time before Mother would want to make her move.  I also knew that I could use someone with a mind of their own.  Someone that wouldn’t follow her orders blindly.
So, as the general lay dying, I knew what I had to do.  To be quite honest, I didn’t have any idea what I was doing.  I was never taught control of the mists.  But I knew what I wanted.  I brought him back, but as an autonomous servant, not a mindless minion.  And, without a life to sacrifice for a life, I used my own life as collateral.
Thus, Temis and I were bound.  The blow that killed him nearly killed me.  But, I didn’t have time to die at that particular moment, so I forced the life force I lent him back into my own system and focused on saving Astra.
Now, I feel the full weight of the loss.  Pulling that dark magic back into my system brought with it the breathe of death.  It has made me weak.  To be honest, I am not sure I will ever entirely recover.  Not that it will matter when we reach Shadowspire.
I am sure Mother doesn’t intend to let me live long enough for it to be an issue.
I look up at the clouds above.  I wish I could see the stars.  Clouds get boring mile after mile.  Especially when it’s the last thing you will ever see.
Something black dives at me from the cloud bank.  Ptarax?  I told him to go with Astra!  That insubordinate bag of feathers… No, it’s bigger than the crow…
Vesuvius.
The black horse-bird circles the Thorn Sea, her hooves aflame, her mane and tail trailing like a comet.  The thorns erupt in flames.
A castle resident catches fire and burns in place.  The others stop and shuffle about, confused.  Vesuvius doesn’t give them much time to think.  She dives into the fold, kicking with both hooves.  Undead go flying into the flames, consumed.  She rears up and kicks me free of my captors.
I struggle to my feet, still weak and bound.  With the last of my fading energy, I leap over her back.  There is no time to get comfortable.  She takes to the air, leaving the lifeless residents to their fiery doom.
“Thanks,” I say.
“Any time,” she replies.
She soars out of the clouds.  Soon, we are free, flying over Mistfirth.
“Why did you come for me?” I ask.
“We are kindred spirits, you and I,” she says.
Kindred spirits?  I scoff, but I keep my comments to myself.  She did just save me, after all.
“One day, you will realize you don’t have to fight your nature.  You can live your life freely,” she answers my scoff, adding, “I want to be there when it happens.”
“What am I?” I ask.  “A pet project?”
“You could call it that,” she muses.
I struggle to sit up and yet, stay on the back of the horse.  “Where are you taking me?”
“To Chalice Castle,” she says.
I tense.  “I don’t know if that is such a good idea.”  After all, I killed their king and queen.  Kidnapped their princess, too, come to think of it.  It isn’t a recipe for a warm welcome.  Of course, anywhere is better than Shadowspire.
“Well, you’re not in much of a position to argue about where we go,” she reminds me.  “But, you have a while.  There is a stop we need to make first.”
“A stop?”

~ 18 ~
Astra


I cling to Leopold’s neck as he circles Chalice Castle to land.  The tears won’t stop.  I have endured too much loss.  I am betrayed.  I am broken.
“I hope Master is okay,” Ptarax says.
“Of course, he’s okay,” I snap.  “He’s dead.  There isn’t much you can do to a heartless dead guy.”
“Wow, what is wrong with you, princess?  You upset about that little starling?” he asks.
I glare at him.  “That ‘little starling’ was my only friend.”  Myna…
The crow shrugs.  I wince.  It reminds me of Corvus.  “You’re wrong, you know.”
“About what?” I ask, skeptical.
“Oh, I wouldn’t know about the friend comment.  You’ve got such a winning personality, it’s hard to imagine you were short on friends, princess.”
I glare harder.  What a little…
“You’re wrong about being dead.  There are plenty of things that the Queen can do to him.  Things you can’t even imagine in your worst nightmares.  And there he was, practically handing himself over to her to save your sorry tail.”  He scoffs.  “He saves your life and you curse him for it.  Master is a fool.”
With that the crow flies off.  He stays just in sight, gliding, but I can tell the only thing that binds him to me is his loyalty to Corvus.
Loyalty.  Loyalty to the one who betrayed me.  Who tricked me.  Everything that happened between us, it was a lie.  Everything orchestrated to toy with my affections.  To break my heart.  Well, it didn’t work.  I didn’t love him.  I could never love someone as despicable as that.  Myna.  He took her life.  I flash to my encounter with his memories.  The thrill in his eyes when he took someone’s life was nauseating.  I can see him now, reaching for Myna, wrapping his hand around her neck… snap.  I scream.
“What is it?  Princess?” the crow has returned.
“Get away from me!” I scream.  “Don’t touch me!”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” he counters.
I pull in on myself.  The tears return.  I am reliving the deaths over and over.  It is like being pulled back into that nightmare.  No, it is worse.  There is no hope, no light.  I look up through the blue of tears and all I can see is the darkness of night.  The cold tugs at me.  I can no longer remember what it was like to be warm, to be happy.
I close my eyes.
“Astra.”
I hear that familiar trill.  I wonder, have I fallen asleep again?  She can not be here.  She is dead.
“Astra, please,” she pleads.
“You are dead,” I cry.  “And I wish I were dead, too.”
“Astra!” she cries, fury in her voice.  “Stop being a drama queen.”
My eyes fly open.  I brush the tears from my face and turn.  Myna is flying beside me.  She looks different.  She glows, gently like a star.
“But… but…” I stammer.
“I give my life,” she tweets, “Willingly, mind you, and look at you!  Crying!  Your heart clouded by fear, hatred, uncertainty.  I’m ashamed!”
“Myna… I’m sorry… I…”
“That boy saved your life!” she says, her voice raising to a high tweet, almost out of hearing range, her words interspersed with chirps and chitters in her fury.  “He needed a life, so I begged him to use me.  And you curse him for his valiant deed.”
“Valiant?” I scoff.  “He murdered…”
“He did not murder me, Astra!”
I shut my mouth.  Tearing my eyes away from her glow, I look down on the world below, my mind swirling.  “But… you’re gone.”
“I am not gone,” she chirps.  She flaps a few times and settles on my shoulder.  I look up.  I can feel her weight there.  My eyes widen in wonder.  “We are bound now, forever.  My life force courses through you.  I will be with you as long as you need me.  For a day, or for eternity.  You live for us both.”
“Myna,” I say.  The tears come again, but this time, they are tears of joy.  I stroke her feathers and flick the single white feather over her head.
She nips at my finger playfully.
I take a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “Oh no,” I realize.  “Corvus…  I should go back for him.”
“You forgive him, then?” Myna asks.
I open my mouth, but the words do not come.  Can I forgive him?  “It’s too soon, Myna,” I say.  He did save my life, but he also betrayed me.  What is to keep him from betraying me again?  Maybe he kept me alive for her purposes.  I will never know the truth.  How can I trust him?
“Very wise, Astra,” she tweets in approval.  “Knowing when it is right for you to trust, to forgive, shows that you have matured.  You will make a good queen.”
“Queen of what?”  My thoughts stray to Vartan.  If only I could have waken him… If only I could have loved him…  I shake my head, trying to clear away the images.  “Briarglen has fallen.  Dawnfell will soon follow.  All that is left is Mistfirth.  If we don’t find a way to defeat Malexia soon, there will be nothing left to be queen of.”
Leopold lands outside the castle gates and I wiggle free of my bonds and dismount.  I stare at the elaborately carved doors of the castle entrance in the distance and silently hope that a miracle is contained within.  A way to defeat Malexia.

~ 19 ~
Corvus


“Where are you going?” I ask, seeing Chalice Castle pass below us.  Memories come back to me, unbidden.  The king… the queen…  I have much blood on my hands.
“I told you,” Vesuvius reminds me.  “We have a stop to make first.”
I don’t want to argue.  To be honest, Chalice Castle is the last place I want to go right now.  Anything that Vesuvius wants to do to delay it, I am all for.
The moon is high overhead, bathing the land below in white light.  A river runs from the castle, cutting across the hills and valleys in switchbacks.  Vesuvius drops low, flying just over the water.  I struggle to stay on as she cuts back and forth with the river.
“Um, I hate to… be picky, but… is there a way we can fly a little straighter?”
“I don’t want her to know we are coming,” she responds.
I grit my teeth and hang on as she rolls this way and that.  Glancing over my shoulder, I can see the dark clouds of Shadowspire thundering with Mother’s fury.
She knows I’ve escaped.
And I am on the back of a black horse-bird flying away from her.  The question lingers in my mind: If Vesuvius isn’t sneaking up on her, the most terrifying threat in all of Auronia, who else remains to be snuck up upon?
“Boy,” Vesuvius says to get my attention.
I don’t particularly like the reference, but at the moment, I am not really in a position to be picky.  “Yes?”
“You aren’t going to like this next part,” she warns me.
Before I can process the possible meaning of those words, we reach the end of the river, which pours out into the vast blue ocean beyond.  She tucks her wings, lowering her head as she builds up speed and dives straight down.
We hit the water and I am washed off her back, still bound.  I wiggle, but I can not slip my restraints.  I begin to sink into the depths of the sea.  Vesuvius kicks her hooves, swimming around to grab the end of a rope that binds me and starts to tug me behind her.
I start to feel relief, but that relief is short lived when I notice she isn’t heading for the surface.  She is taking us deeper, down towards the sea floor.
The sea grows dark and most certainly cold, though I still can not feel it.  All I sense is ever growing pressure as the water squeezes me like a hungry serpent.  My lungs begin to crush me from the inside out as they struggle for air.  I can survive without it, but my lungs were apparently the last to be informed of my demise.  They still think they need to work for me to live, which right now, feels like it is killing me.
Vesuvius struggles to swim as she dives deeper, all the while tugging me along behind her.  We are deep now.  There is very little light.  I can not see a foot in front of me.  It doesn’t help that Vesuvius is black, but it wouldn’t matter if she was pink.  I still wouldn’t be able to make her out in this darkness.
I begin to see a glow.  At first, I think it is a trick of my eyes, making it seem that there is light, when there is none.  Vesuvius swims towards the glow.  I can see her hooves moving with determination.
Where are we going?
The glow grows brighter.  I notice we are in a narrow canyon.  Neon sea plants line the cliffs, waving in the water as if beckoning us down deeper.  Vesuvius swims on.  When she reaches the bottom of the canyon, she strikes the sea floor with her hooves and sends us forward at great speed.  We speed along the base of the cliffs, punctuated by strikes from her hooves.
The canyon is coming to an end.  I can see the seaweed hanging from the sea walls ahead.  There is nothing here.  Why has she brought us all this way?
More importantly, how do we get back?
Vesuvius doesn’t seem to notice the wall.  She speeds towards it.  I try to call to her, but I only succeed in swallowing sea water and letting out a single gurgle.
She hits the wall and vanishes.  I slam into the stone with a crunch.  The rope pulls me down and I disappear into the wall after Vesuvius, through the seaweed.
I drop to the floor of a perfectly dry cave, coughing up seawater.
Beside me, Vesuvius paws the ground.  I wipe the seawater from my eyes and look up.
Standing before me, with her face scrunched up in a sour expression and her arms crossed in disapproval is a fairy dressed entirely in blue.
All this for a fairy?  Oh, how I hate fairies.
“What is the meaning of sneaking up on me like this, Vesuvius?  And with that…” she points to me, of course, with the tip of her wand.  It sparks obligingly.  “…in tow?”
Vesuvius bows low.  “I am afraid I bear bad news…”
“Oh, no you don’t,” the fairy counters.  “Don’t bow like that.  My sister rules, not me.  I put that all behind me and sunk myself down to the deepest place I could find to get away from all the politics.”
“It is of your sister that I speak,” Vesuvius says, her head still bowed.
The fairy turns away from us, her wings fluttering.  “For the last time, I am not going to births anymore, so she can stop begging for me to go in her stead.”
“Lady Rayne,” Vesuvius rises, striking her hoof on the ground.  Fire shoots out and scorches a bit of the cave floor black.
The fairy turns slowly, her mouth open a little in shock.
“Your sister lies dead at the hands of Malexia,” Vesuvius announces before the fairy can get in another word.  “You are the new ruler of the fairies.”
The fairy goes pale.  She drops back on a sea sponge, unable to speak, tapping her wand thoughtfully on her knee.  “How long ago?” she finally asks.
“She died only hours ago.  I hurried to deliver the news, as is my duty.  Leopold is handling the other notifications.”
“A few hours?  We musn’t delay then,” the fairy says, jumping to her feet.  She grabs her cloak, a darker shade of blue, and throws it around her shoulders, securing it magically with a wave of her wand.  She grabs her blue pointy had and shoves it on her head.  “Let’s go save my sister.”
“Lady Rayne…” Vesuvius eyes her.  “You can’t save her.  She is dead.”
“When magic is involved, death is never the end,” she counters, her voice dark.  “Let’s go,” she says, raising her wand.
“Um, can someone please untie me?” I ask.
The fairy looks down at me as if seeing me for the first time.  “You’re alive?” she gasps.  “I thought she was tugging around some sea junk.”  With a wave of her wand, the rope vanishes and I am free.  I have to resist the urge to use my new found freedom to leap over and strangle the fairy.  She did free me, after all.
Damn fairies.
She inches away from me as if I have some contagious disease.  “You smell of dark magic and seaweed,” she says.  “I can only cure one of those.”  With another wave of her wand, I am clean and dry.  I take a tentative sniff my clothes and wince.  I smell of lavender.  It’s worse than seaweed.
I mount up on Vesuvius and with one more wave of her wand, all three of us float to the surface of the sea in a giant bubble.  When we hit the air, it pops and we are off, flying over the ocean.
~ 20 ~
Astra


The massive stone doors of Chalice Castle remain closed to us.  I bang and bang, but no one answers.  I start to wonder if it has been abandoned.
To think I was taking the word of a one-winged fairy I met in the woods that chases squirrels and can’t pronounce her own name.
“Great,” I sigh, leaning my head against the ornate door carvings.  I can feel their sharp lines leaving marks in my forehead, but I do not care.
“You know,” Ptarax calls from his perch overhead, “I tried to tell you before…”
“Shut your beak, foul bird,” I shout back.  Why did Corvus curse me with his presence?  How could he ever stand the bird?  He is the farthest thing from Myna in existence.
“Astra,” I hear Myna at my ear.  “You might want to listen to him.  Just hear what he has to say.  You don’t have to do it, whatever it is.”
“But, Myna, he…”
“Talking to yourself is the first sign of madness,” the crow taunts.
I look up at him with my best angry glare.  “…is so insufferable.”
“Most men are, dear,” Myna explains.  I glare at her and she laughs.  I cave, of course.  “Okay,” I say reluctantly as I turn to look up once more.  “What is it, crow?  I’m listening.”
“Well, now I don’t want to tell you…”
“Ptarax!” I shout in frustration.
“There is a side entrance.  For deliveries,” he grumbles, pointing with his beak.
I follow his line of sight.  He is right!  A small, unassuming wooden door used as a side entrance, just like Star Castle.  Why didn’t I think to look for one?  I use ours all the time…
I hurry to the door as Ptarax drops from his perch to follow.
“You know,” he says.  “You could thank me.”
“You know,” I respond.  “You could have told me an hour ago.”
I knock on the door and immediately, it swings open.
A tall man, dressed in the formal clothes of court, towers over me.  I have seen this man before.  He is one of the footmen that accompany the twins.  I take a moment, forgetting protocol to check his eyes.  They are clear.  His complexion is somewhat pale, but there is a little pink to his cheeks.  He is alive, near as I can tell.
I let out a held breath and with it, my tension evaporates.  I have found my safe haven.
“Can I help you?” he asks.
“Oh,” I say as I straighten myself to look presentable and push my hair out of my face.  “I am…”
“Princess Astra of the House of Star!” the footman gasps.  “Forgive me, lady, for not having recognized you at once.”  He bows.  “You are welcome to enter Chalice Castle.”
He moves away and allows me to step in.  Leopold and Ptarax try to follow, but he shuts the door.
“They are with me,” I say.
“They will be more comfortable in the stables, I assure you,” he counters.
That is pretty audacious of a mere footman.  Of course, I can just imagine the crisis it would cause if I brought a pegasus into the throne room.  Maybe it is for the best.
He leads me to the proper entrance hall.  Ahead is the throne room, guarded by ten men on each side, each holding a shining polearm with a blue tassel.
“You look worn and tired from your journey, if you don’t mind me saying.  Do you… want to wash up and change before meeting the Queen?”  It isn’t really a question.  In fact, it sounds more like an order.
“I must see her immediately,” I insist.  “Pleasantries will have to wait.  I am sure that, once she has heard what I have to say, my unusual appearance will be overlooked.”
The footman pauses, refusing to take another step.  “If you will just come this way, it will only take but a moment of your time to…”
“Look,” I snap.  “I am going to see the Queen with or without your help.”  I sense movement over my shoulder.  The guards each lower their polearm to bar my way, like a series of gates closing.
“What is wrong with you people?” I gasp.  “Are you all crazy?”
“If you would please,” the footman insists, guiding me away from the throne room.  I follow, if only because I can not understand what is going on here.  Has madness taken over Mistfirth?
Once I am settled in a dressing room off the main hall, the footman leaves me.  I am not alone for long.  A flood of attendants fills the room from wall to wall.  Over the next hour, I am scrubbed, buffed, brushed, clipped, rubbed, powdered, and plucked until not a single bit of me is out of place.  I am given my choice of over a dozen gowns and even more accessories.  They pass before me like the ground flying beneath me while riding Leopold… all just a mass of color and fabric.
Finally, I sigh and close my eyes and point.  The next time I open them, I am dressed in the most ostentatious red ball gown.  I look in the mirror, eyeing the red shoes they’ve strapped to my feet.  Those are going to hurt in minutes.  I miss my boots.
After a few more minutes of bejeweling, I am decked out in massive earrings that hang to my shoulders, heavy with glittering gems, a thick necklace supporting a single red ruby almost the size of my fist and a crown so heavy it’s already giving me a headache.  I look in the mirror once more and sigh.  To think that, for a few days, I had managed to forget I am royalty.  Seeing my reflection now, I wonder if I will ever be normal again.
I clench my white-gloved fist.  Now is not the time to pout because I am privileged.  Especially when I need to use that privilege to build an army to fight Malexia.
When I open the door, the footman is waiting for me.  He bows respectfully, though I start to suspect it is very surface, and motions for me to proceed.
As I walk, the guards pull their polearms back to let me pass.  The doors to the throne room are thrown open.  I gasp.
A ball.  Here in the throne room of Chalice Castle.
There are swirling dresses of every color wherever I look as couples dance.
I stand at the entrance in a state of shock.  The throne room doors close behind me.  Music and laughter fill the air.  It feels odd.  Alien.
“Astra!”  A tall, thin blonde pushes through the crowd, clad in a tight dress made entirely of diamonds, wearing a solid diamond crown.
“Silvia?” I ask.
“Queen Silvia,” she corrects, smiling a shade too widely.  “Isn’t this wonderful?  I am so glad you could accept my invitation.  Vartan hasn’t made it yet, but I am sure he will show up soon.”
“Silvia, I am not here for the ball,” I say, but she has grabbed my hand and is dragging me through the room.
“Oh, isn’t it just so wonderful!” Silvia bubbles happily.  “I love parties.  Don’t you?”
“Not particularly,” I mutter.  They don’t hold the best memories for me.  “Look, we need to talk, Silvia.  You are queen of the House of Chalice now and…”
“I know,” she exclaims, letting me go so she can slap both hands on her legs.  She holds them up and twirls.  “Can you believe it?  All this is mine.  Everyone has to do what I say.  And you know what I say?”  She pauses dramatically.
“Uh…”  I realize she wants a response from me.  “What do you say?”
“Party!” she cries, grabbing a goblet from a passing attendant and downing it in one swig before tossing it on the floor in a grand, sweeping gesture.  It clatters and rolls under a table, where a nearby attendant quickly drops on his knees to fish it out.
“Silvia, really we need to talk,” I say, drawing my eyes away from the scrambling attendant and turning my attention back to the party queen.  “Malexia marches on Dawnfell…” I begin, but it is no use.  Silvia sways to the music, her cheeks rosy from the goblet of wine and, no doubt, the countless before it.
“Astra, Astra, Astra,” she says, leaning over to tap my face with her palm.  She reaches with her other hand and smooshes my cheeks.  “Always so serious.  I don’t allow serious people in my kingdom.”  She taps both of my cheeks again and spins away, raising her hands to the sky.  “I outlawed all ugliness, all sadness, all those dowdy people smelling up the place…”  She glances back at me over her shoulder.  “What are they called again?” she asks, pressing her finger to her pursed lips, her brow crinkled in thought.  “You know… smelly, poor, terrible fashion taste…”
“You outlawed… what?” I ask in disbelief.
Her finger moves to her cheek.  “Oh!” she realizes, “That’s right.  Peasants.”
“You outlawed peasants.”  I can’t believe this.  “If this is a prank, Silvia, I beg of you.  Stop.  I have been through too much.”
“You have been through too much?  You?  My father and mother were killed right in front of me!  It was terrible.”
I shiver.  Of course, she is suffering, like me.  How callous.  I draw a breath.  She is just handling her grief differently.  I may not understand the form her grief has taken, but I more than understand the motivation.
“Ugh, there was blood everywhere.  Everything had to be replaced.  The carpets, the thrones, the crowns, the guards…” she says, counting off on her fingers.  She drops her hands and looks at me.  “Not that I mind, actually.  The place really needed the facelift.  I mean, we had those thrones for what?  Twenty generations?  The change was long overdue, if you ask me.  Don’t you agree?”  I blink at her in shock.  She ignores it and continues, “Anyway… at least most of the guards had the decency to die outside the throne room.  My parents were always so discourteous about my feelings.”
I look at the blonde creature in front of me and gasp in horror.  She isn’t human.  It is not that she isn’t handling her grief.  She isn’t grieving.
“Well?” Silvia looks at me.  “Why aren’t you dancing?”
I blink.  What do I do?  She is obviously crazy.  But, I can’t just allow myself to slip into her insanity and dance the night away.  I need help.  I need reinforcements.  I need an army.
Instead, I have a drunk princess-turned-queen who just wants to party.
I don’t have time to waste here.  “I’m sorry, Silvia,” I say, backing away, “but, I have to leave.  I am sure you understand.  Good luck with your party.”
“Oh, you can’t leave, yet,” Silvia insists.  With a wave of her hands, two guards appear to block the throne room doors.  “You must stay, Astra.  Stay and dance,” she says, twirling.  “You can’t leave before the main event.”
She pauses and walks to her throne.  Just like her crown, it is made of diamond.  She sinks down slowly, oblivious to the discomfort of the dress on throne, her mind wandering somewhere else.  “When Vartan joins us, you’ll see.  He’ll pick me over you.  You wouldn’t want to miss that, now, would you?”
“Run,” Myna tweets in my ear.
I nod imperceptibly.  I never thought I would have to escape from Chalice Castle, and here I am now, in a ball gown, trapped.  I move towards the doors.  Sometimes the most direct approach is the best.
“Guards!  It seems my friend isn’t having a good time.  Would you care to dance with her?” Silvia calls from her throne.
I face off against the two guards, polearms in hand.  I narrow my eyes.  One swallows nervously, the other is sweating.  They don’t like it, but they will follow Silvia’s orders.
“You know what’s going on outside these walls, don’t you?” I ask them.
“Unpleasantness is against the law!” Silvia shouts.  “I will have none of it in my castle.”
I turn and shout at her, “You are the unpleasantness here, Silvia.  Outlawing peasants?  You cast your subjects, the people who need you most out in the cold, now, during the most dangerous period in our history.  What does that make you the queen of, Silvia?”  I turn my back on the guards.  “What, the queen of parties?  The queen of abandoned farms, of empty villages?  I have seen your lands.  They are dead, Silvia.”
The music has stopped.  The partygoers have pulled to the side of the room, leaving me a clear shot at Silvia.  I cross the room slowly, each step deliberate.  I know my words are falling on the deaf ears of the queen, but also on the suddenly attentive ears of the crowd.
“You can’t just hole yourself up in your castle and surround yourself with beautiful things,” I say.  “These things…” my words catch in my throat.  I pull off the crown and cast it aside, along with the necklace.  The crowd gasps.  I hold the earrings out to her.  “These things are meaningless.  Hollow.  As rulers, we are bound to our people.  You severed that bond and made your rule empty.  Worse than that, you hurt those you were supposed to protect.”
She blinks at me, unperturbed.  “I am queen,” she says.  “I can do what I want to whomever I want, whenever I want.  As you will see shortly when Vartan…”
“Vartan is cursed,” I shout, only feet from her throne now.  “Malexia has cursed him and he will never wake.  Ride to Rose Castle if you doubt me.  If you dare.  I have been there.  Then, you can rule over two dead Houses.  But I won’t let the same fate befall Dawnfell.”
I pluck the diamond crown off her head and throw it across the room with all my energy.  It breaks apart against the wall, shattering in a waterfall of sparkles that reminds me of a wand flash.
I turn and walk purposefully towards the door.
“Guards!” Silvia screams, her face warped by her anger.
The guards take one look at me and move out of my way.  The door opens and I hurry through it.  The guards on the other side, however, did not see my valiant display and thus, jump as Silvia screams, “Capture her!”
I sprint for the end of the hall.  There will be no chance to get my clothes.  I will have to flee in the ballgown.  I turn the corner and kick open the side entrance door with my red shoe. Leopold and Ptarax are waiting for me.
“Wow, you clean up,” Ptarax says appreciatively.
“I’ll deal with you later,” I say, breathless.  This dress is terribly heavy.  I pounce on Leopold and scramble up.  “We have to fly.  Now.”
Leopold jumps into the air just in time for the guards to burst from the castle.  He circles around once and flies off.
“Where to now?” Ptarax asks.  “Since you are the one in charge…”
I glare at him.  “I am going where I belong,” I reply, turning my attention to the horizon.  “Dawnfell.”

~ 21 ~
Corvus


The sun peeks behind Rose Castle on its journey of ascent.  Vesuvius flies round the spire, drawing close to a window at the top of the tower.
Below us, the reanimated minions of Mother mill about, gazing at us intently.
“You are going to have to jump for it, boy,” Vesuvius says, flapping hard to stay level.
“Why am I back here again?” I mutter.
“Because your tortured little black heart is seeking redemption,” Rayne reminds me.
“Who said I was looking for redemption?” I snap.  I stare at the window.  Then I look at the drop awaiting me below.
“Oh, just jump,” Vesuvius says impatiently.  “Lady Rayne will make sure you don’t fall.”
I glare at them both.  “Damn fairies and damn horse-birds,” I growl.  I steel myself and jump.  I watch in slow motion as the window grows closer, but not close enough.  My fingers catch the edge of the stone, barely clinging to life.
“Oh, look.  He made it,” Rayne comments as she flutters in the window over my head.
I scramble in through the window, and flop on the stone floor.
“Oh, Flo,” Rayne sighs as she sinks down beside her sister.
I get to my feet, dusting myself off as I stare at the fallen fairy.  What made her think she could go up against Malexia?
Reaching down, Rayne retrieves her sister’s wand.  She gives it a tentative wave.  Sparks fly from the end.  “Good,” she says with a nod.  “We aren’t too late.”
“Are you going to tell me why you brought me back here?” I ask in annoyance.  “And don’t say it’s because I am seeking redemption.  I did nothing to that fairy.”
“You are here for the heavy lifting,” Rayne explains.
My jaw drops.  “You’re kidding, right?”
“Come on now.  Move her to the bed.  Be quick about it!”
I stay in place.  “No.”
Rayne raises, tapping both wands in her palm impatiently.  “Look, I can’t move her on my own.  Just pick her up and…”
“No,” I repeat, crossing my arms.
“I don’t have time for your stubbornness!” she shouts.
“You haven’t asked for my help.  You are ordering me around.  I have a will of my own.  I don’t have to do what you say, just because you say so,” I point out.
“Why not?” Rayne snaps, spinning on me in her fury.  The wands erupt in her hands, showing the floor with sparks.  “You’ve followed Malexia for years.  You have done terrible things.  So, if as you say, you have a will of your own, did you do those things because you were ordered, or did you do them of your own free will?”
I freeze.  I never thought of it like that before.  “But I…”
“But you what?” she asks.  “You do those horrid things at her bidding, and I ask you to move one body to a bed, and all of a sudden you won’t?  Where do you draw the line?”
“I…” I begin.
“Oh, I know.  You would be so much more comfortable with violence.” She stands and moves to the bed.  “Right?  So if I told you to kill this boy, you would be okay with that?”
I look.  A gasp escapes my lips.  Vartan is lying on the bed.  The prince of Astra’s dreams.
“You’ve thought about it before, haven’t you?” she says, lowering her voice.  “Killing him?  Out of jealousy…”
I have thought of it, many times.  Hatred has been bred in me from my youth.  Hatred of the House of Rose, as a crow.  Hatred of Vartan, as the very embodiment of everything I have been denied… a life, a love, a future.
I shake my head and back away.  “I won’t,” I say as much to her as to myself.
“Good,” she says.  “Then, at least I know you are still somewhat human in there.”  She points a wand to my chest.
“Enough,” I say.  “I’ll move the red fairy for you.”  I stoop to pick up the fallen fairy.
“Is that all you have to say?” she asks.
I stop mid-crouch and look up.  “What is wrong with you?  I agreed, didn’t I?  What else do you want from me?”
“You are willing to let him sit here and suffer like this?” she asks, showing him in sparks with a sweeping gesture.  “You know the curse that has been cast upon him.”
“What do I care?” I counter.
“You know that, despite his current appearance, he has been cast down into the depths of unending nightmares,” she points out.
“And?”
“And you also know that those nightmares give Malexia more power,” she adds.
“What does this have to do with me?” I ask.
Rayne flies across the room, stopping with her wand an inch from my nose.  “You are blind,” she says.  “Don’t you see that you have an opportunity here?”
“To do what?” I ask.  “It’s not like I can wake him.  What do you want me to do, kiss him?”
The fairy flits back a few feet.  “You can do nothing for the curse,” she admits.  “But you can pull him from his nightmares.  And, in doing so…”
Realization dawns.  I gasp.  I see what she is trying to tell me.  “…weaken Malexia…”  Why didn’t I ever think about it before?
Rayne narrows her eyes and smiles approvingly.  “Welcome back to the world of free will.”
I stand, lost in thought.  It was me, all along.  I helped her, giving her more power.  Without me, would the world have crumbled so easily at her feet?
“You can mediate on that little bombshell in a minute,” the fairy says, waving her wand to get my attention.  “Right now, I need you to pick up my sister.”
I nod and crouch back down to retrieve the red fairy.  She is much lighter than she looks.  In fact, she seems to almost float in my arms.
“Carefully now,” Rayne guides me across the room.  “Now, set her down gently.”
“Where?” I ask.
“On the bed, of course,” she says.
“It’s occupied,” I point out.
“One moment,” she says.  She grabs both wands in her hands, and she glances over at the sleeping prince.  “He is quite a looker, isn’t he?” she sighs.  Then, she takes the tips of the wands and shoves them under his side.  Using her body weight as leverage, she rolls the prince out of the bed and he lands with a thud on the floor.
“There you go,” she says, putting a stray hair back in place as she waves to the bed with the wands.
I raise an appreciative eyebrow at the fairy.  I couldn’t have asked for a better solution to the problem.  Yet, somehow it seems very… unfairylike.
I set the fairy gently on the bed, careful to lay her head on the pillow.  “Good,” Rayne says.  “Now move.”
As I step out of the way, I peek around the side and find the prince has landed on his face, his nose smooshed sideways, and he starts to snore loudly.
Rayne tisks as she flutters around the bed, looking at the red fairy from different angles.  “Oh, Flo,” she sighs.  “Why didn’t you cast some basic protection enchantments?”  She draws back and sticks her own wand in her belt, raising her sister’s.  She waves it, but it sputters and dies.  “Oh, no.”  She tries again and again, but the results are the same.  “It’s out of juice,” she growls.
Rayne whirls on me.  “What now?” I ask.  I hear the disinterest in my own voice.  I hope it doesn’t lead to another scolding.  I have already had an earful.  Damn fairies.
“I need to get her out of here,” she says.  She looks… frazzled.  Her black hair is sticking out from under her hat at odd angles.
“What is it?” I ask, glancing out the windows.  Even though I can feel Mother’s power surrounding me, it is lessened by the sunlight pouring in through the windows.
“I need to take her home,” she mutters to herself, wrapping her sister in the bedding and knotting the top.  “But, I need to hurry.  There isn’t much time.”  She tries to lift the bundle, her wings fluttering furiously, but she is unable to lift it an inch.
She huffs and looks to me.  “Please?” she asks.
I pick up the bundle.  “Where to?”
“There is too much dark magic here,” she says.  “Vesuvius will need to take us to Windgarden.”
“Windgarden?” I ask.  “Where is that?”
“It’s your luck day,” she explains, stepping to the window ledge to signal Vesuvius, but her voice sounds like it is anything but.  “You are about to be one few people to ever see the land of the fairies.”
Great.  Like a few damned fairies weren’t enough, now I am heading for a nest.  They’ll be swarming everywhere.  I shiver.
Rayne nods, as if understanding my reluctance.  She is unlike any fairy I have ever met.  Still, she’s a fairy.  Yet, she looks just as repulsed by heading back to her homeland as I feel.
Vesuvius arrives.  We secure the fairy bundle to her back, leaving me enough room to ride.  I glance back into the room and realize we’ve left the prince lying on the floor.
“What about him?”
“Oh, we’ll come back for him,” she says.  “Maybe…” she lowers her voice.
“But Malexia…” I remind her.
“Oh, right, right.  Very well, then.  That is the work of a card, right?  I’d say,” she closes her eyes, tilts her head to listen to the snore and nods.  “…the nine of swords, if I am not mistaken.  All you need to do is take that card out and turn it to reverse the effects of the spell.”
I pull out my cards, but pause when I realize it’s missing.  I remember why it isn’t here.  It is lying in pieces in a forest in Mistfirth.  “Um,” I begin.
“What?” the fairy snaps.
“It… was ripped up…” I explain.
The fairy pales, then starts to laugh.  “You took one of the most powerful cards in your deck and ripped it up?  I was wrong.  You do have free will.  You’re stupid, but you have a mind of your own.”
I bite my tongue.  I wasn’t the one that ripped it up.  It was Astra.
“Well, then,” she says, fluttering a few inches off the ground, her head bent in contemplation.  “This isn’t something you should know until you are really ready to fight Malexia, but I suppose we have no choice now.  It will make you a force to reckon with, and I, for one, don’t want that working for the other side.”
I nod.  “Don’t worry,” I say.  “No one wants Malexia to fall more than I do.”
“So you say now,” she says, narrowing her eyes at me.  “But you never know when your heart may change.”  She glances at the prince and sighs.  “I hope that when the time is right, you will make the right choice.  In that spirit, I will tell you this secret.”
Rayne lowers to the ground, resting her wings.  She draws near.  “Close your eyes,” she instructs me.  I do as she says.  “Do you know the card well enough to envision it in your mind?” she asks, her voice barely above a whisper.
An image forms.  Nine swords over a figure with his head in his hands.  I nod.
“Envision it, then.  Can you see it?  Picture it like a tapestry before you.”
At the sounds of her words, the image explodes into exquisite detail, larger than life.  I feel I can walk right into the image, as if it is a door to another world.  I could almost reach out and grab a sword off the wall.  They glisten with deadly sharpness.  I swear I can almost see the figure below breathe.
“Now,” she says, putting a hand on my shoulder.  “Open your eyes.”
My eyes fly open.  The image remains there, hanging in the air, almost tangible, yet still transparent.
“Very good,” the fairy says, patting my shoulder.  “Now, here is where it gets a little tricky.  Do not imagine it turning.”
I blink.  The image wavers.  “What?” I ask.
“Impose an image of it reversed over the top of the present image,” she says, as if that is an explanation.
Damn fairies.  Why do they always have to make things so complicated?
I try to imagine the card reversed, but when I think about it, I see the card turn.  The image in front of me vanishes.
“You thought of the card turning, didn’t you?” Rayne says, smacking me on the back of the head with her wand.
“I’m trying,” I growl.  I focus, calling to mind the inverted card and it appears in the air before me.  Yet, nothing happens.  “I don’t understand.”
“I told you,” she says.  “You need to call to mind the original card, then impose the image in reverse.  You must see both, at the same time, before you.  Otherwise, it won’t work.”
“That makes no sense,” I point out.
“Hate to break it to you, but magic rarely makes sense,” she counters.
“Terrific,” I mutter under my breath.  I envision the card, then its reverse and impose the two images cleanly.  A ripple bends the air and the very walls around me, radiating out in a massive explosion of power.  I slam back into the wall.
“Whoa,” the fairy says, leaping into the air to avoid the shockwave of magic.  “You’ve got some power in you, and it has little to do with the mists in your blood.”  She leans over and eyes me.  “Did you perchance have any magic blood in you before ole’ Malexia got ahold of you?”
“Magic?” I ask.  “Not that I know of.”
“That’s strange,” she says.  “From the echoes you’re calling forth now, you would have been pretty powerful, even at a young age.”
I shrug.  “I was just the son of a simple farmer before Malexia took me.”
“Huh.  Well,” she says, dusting off her hands.  “Our work here appears to be done.  A little overdone if you ask me, but good job nonetheless.”  She flies out the window, where Vesuvius waits.
I glance back at the prince, still snoring and still laying on his face.  “What about him?” I call.  “Did it work?”
“You tell me,” she shouts back.
I walk over and tug his heavy body back onto the bed.  I touch his forehead, peeking into his dreams.  The nightmares are gone, replaced by thoughts of dragonslaying and wenching.  I sigh and retreat from his simple mind.  How can Astra like this guy?  I move to the window.
Then, I notice it.  Malexia’s power has been halved.  I didn’t just pull the prince out of his nightmares.  I pulled all of Rose Castle from her cold grip.
I look down.  The residents have fallen where they may, asleep.
Even more amazingly, they have been restored to life, their bodies purged of the black mist.  How is this possible?   I blink at the fairy, looking for answers.
“Looks like you and I have much to talk about,” she says as I mount up.  We fly out across the walls as the sun continues to rise higher in the sky.

~ 22 ~
Astra


Dawnfell is not as I left it.  The skies are dark with storm clouds.  Leopold flies low over the approach to Star Castle as I survey the damage.
The forest has been burned.  A wide road has been scorched into the green as far as the eye can see.  All the people… the animals… gone.  What remains is dry, black and lifeless.  “Who would do this?” I gasp.
“It’s not efficient to move an army through a forest,” Ptarax explains.  “So, if you want to move a lot of people quickly, you burn a path through the trees wide enough for your soldiers to pass.”
“Soldiers?” I ask.  As soon as the words have escaped my lips, I see them.  A sea of bodies moving up the torched forest path, some in armor, some in peasant garb, all armed, marching towards my castle.
“How long do we have?” I ask the crow.
“At this rate,” he says, “they will reach the castle in two days.”
Two days?  That isn’t enough time.  Even if I had the Rose Army, they couldn’t march to Dawnfell in two days.  And, looking down at the multitudes heading for my gates, I know my own army will not stand a chance.
I take a breath, trying not to panic.  I need to get home, assess the damage, make a plan.
We soar over the enemy army.  Silver banners emblazoned with a black crow whip in the wind from atop long poles.  I mentally make notes of their numbers in preparation for the battle to come.  In the heart of the swarm, a cavalry group rides on massive black chargers.  Riders and horses alike are encased in dragon-wrought armor.  I recognize this particular group from the attack on Chalice Castle.  It is the special attack group that belongs to Corvus.
Radiating outward from that focal point, I see small groups in scattered formations.  There is very little in the way of organization.  No one appears to be leading them.  Except for the Crow attack force, the rest of the army reminds me of the shuffling mindless masses of Crow Castle.
The army isn’t just composed of Crows.  Residents from every kingdom in Auronia trudge under Malexia’s banner.  The woodsmen of the forests of Briarglen, the fishermen of the rivers of Mistfirth… even the craftsmen of the markets of Dawnfell.  It is a hodgepodge army.  Yet, they all share the pale pallor signature of the minions of the wretched queen.
Leopold tucks his wings and dives to get me closer.
“Three scouting teams,” I say.  “In the trees ahead.”
Leopold darts over their heads, darting among the forest.  The scouts don’t have much in the way of weapons.  Also, they aren’t visible to the rest of the invading army.  That is the weak spot of the Crow Army.  Attack the scouts.
We turn back to make another pass over the army as I search for another weak spot.  But, the forces below are no longer oblivious to our presence.  The air is suddenly full of flaming projectiles, heedless of where they may land should they miss.
Leopold dodges easily, but Malexia’s minions are not so lucky.  An entire grouping of Mistfall farmers is showered in flames.  They collapse to the ground, their screeches filling the air.
Just as I start to think that I could use their own army against them, the special attack force charges forward.
Leopold struggles to get out of their range as they fire, their arrows accurate and deadly.
“Enough,” I say as we turn towards the castle.  The information I carry is too important to lose in an act of foolishness.  I must return and warn my army if we have any hope of winning.
Leopold circles the castle cautiously, ensuring that Malexia’s minions no longer walking the grounds before he lands in the stable yard.
I glance hesitantly at the hay pile.  A sense of relief floods over me when I see that someone has removed Rodesby’s body and tidied the stable.  My heart twinges for the stable boy and the others that we have lost.  But I have an important duty to perform now.  I can’t stand around mourning the dead, not when there is still time to save the living.  The dead can wait.
I cross the yard to the side entrance and pause to prepare myself.  I need to be strong.  My kingdom needs a leader.  They need a king like my father, who will ride out into battle alongside his men.  They need a queen like my mother, who will look death in the face and not even flinch, with a backbone of steel and hands gentle enough to comfort a skittish fawn.  What they have is me, an awkward princess.  I will have to find a way to be all those things as best as I can.
 I raise my gloved hand and knock.
The metallic grind and thunk of many bolts being slid open echoes in the strangely quiet air.  After a few moments, the door slides open an inch.  A single brown eye crested by a familiar bushy grey eyebrow appears in the crack.
“Who is it?”
I put my hand on my hips.  “Laurence,” I say.
“Princess!” he exclaims as the door swings open.  “Or… should I say…”
“I am still the princess of the House of Star,” I remind him, “For now.”
Laurence, my father’s favorite scholar, greets me with a bow.  His hair has thinned in the last few days, if that is possible.  He looks years older.  “I am so glad you are safe.  We feared the worst.”
“The worst is yet to come,” I say.  “Malexia’s army marches on Dawnfell.  It will be here in two days.”
He straightens out.  “Then, I should send a messenger to Briarglen at once!”
“Laurence, I’ve just come from Briarglen,” I explain.
The stress on his face melts instantly.  “Oh, thank goodness.  So, they are sending their army to…” his voice dies off as he sees my expression “…a battalion of…” I shake my head no.  “A division?”  No again.  “A small team of well-trained…?”
“All of Briarglen is cursed to a nightmare filled sleep by Malexia’s hand,” I say.
“So, no reinforcements?” he asks.
“The reinforcements tried to kill me,” I say, pulling off my gloves.  My hands are starting to get sweaty.  I don’t know how anyone can wear these things.
Laurence falls back against the wall, sagging.  “Then, we are done for.”
I slap his arm heartily like my father used to.  “Laurence, we’re going to make it.  I don’t know how.  It will take a miracle, but we’re going to fight.”
“A miracle?  What we really need is a fairy,” he mutters.  He glances up at the storm clouds hanging low in the sky as he closes the door.  “Make that two.”
I pull off the horrid red shoes and hang them off one finger as I head down the hall.  Laurence catches up, as I knew he would.  “Gather the advisors,” I tell him.  “I am going to change, then I will meet them in the dining hall.”
“Not the throne room?” he asks.
“No,” I say, without a falter in my step.  I need to stay strong.  That place could undermine my resolve.  “Not the throne room.  We’ll need tables.  Bring quills, parchment and all the maps of Dawnfell and the approaching regions.”
Laurence nods, jotting notes, his quill flying.  “You know, if we had a fairy…”
I stop in place and turn.  “I watched Malexia strangle a fairy without laying a single finger on her.  I don’t think having a fairy is going to save us this time.”
Laurence drops his jaw and quill simultaneously.
“We’ll meet in an hour,” I say as I close the door in his face.
I glance around my room.  It seems hard to believe that I was here only a few days ago.  I quickly get out of the wretched red ball gown and toss it in the corner, eager to be rid of anything that reminds me of that place.  I lay on my bed for a moment, allowing myself to close my eyes.  I don’t have time for sleep, but I can rest my eyes for just a…
I am back in the forest of Mistfirth.  No!  I must have fallen asleep again.  I panic.  I need to wake up.  I don’t have time to be sleeping now, and besides, I don’t want to dream.  If I dream I might see him…
A figure moves through the trees slowly.  It moves aside a branch.
I should have known.  It is Corvus.

~ 23 ~
Corvus


Where am I?  One minute, I am on Vesuvius, flying high over the fields with the damned fairy prattling on in my ear about the differences between light and dark magic, and then I find myself here, wandering in a forest.
I am not asleep.  This is far too bright to be one of my dreams.  I know I can’t possibly be in Astra’s dream.  It’s impossible.  I blocked myself off from her forever.
Something rustles in the bushes.  I push aside a low branch and I freeze.
Astra.  Alive.
I am overcome by some unknown force of emotion, crashing over me like a tidal wave.  Joy, elation, relief all flood my mind, pushing out coherent thought.  I know this isn’t real.  It can’t be.  Logically, I know she is alive, somewhere.  But this… this is not the real Astra.  But it doesn’t matter.  I see her, and my world has changed.
I rush to her and pull her into my arms.  Her warmth is intoxicating.  She opens her mouth to say something, but I don’t give her the chance.  I silence her with my lips, kissing her with everything I have.  She tenses from surprise, but relaxes into the kiss.  I crush her to me with desperation.  I never want to let go of this moment, of her.  This is all I ever want, ever need.
Astra pulls away from me, tears in her eyes.  “You killed Myna,” she reminds me.  “How could you?”
“I…” I pause.  “I couldn’t bare to lose you.  As long as I know you are alive, somewhere, I can survive, but if I lost you…”
She steps back out of my arms, shaking her head.  “I can never forgive you.”
No.  Please don’t leave me.  I put my hand out, but she cringes away.  In saving her life, I have made her loathe me.  What sort of twist of fate is this?  If only I could mend things, set them right…
Astra turns away from me, her shoulders shuddering from her hidden tears.
The Lovers.  The card comes to mind instantly, only in the dream world, I don’t need to focus on recalling it.  It appears, hanging in the air over us like a sharpened guillotine, transparent and inverted as if mocking me.
What if… I reach towards Astra, but can not bring myself to touch her.  No, this is best.  This is what needs to happen.  We can’t be together.  There is no life for us.  It would be better for her if I didn’t exist.  Let her hate me.
I pull my hand back.  If only…  I glance back up at the card.  Another image appears, over the first, of the two lovers righted.  The image moves as they lean in for a kiss.
“Corvus,” she says.
My attention is pulled from the images overhead just in time to see Astra turn and launch herself into my arms.  “Huh?” I manage just before she presses her lips to mine with such force, such desperation that it matches what echoes in my own heart.  I don’t overthink it.  I just accept.
We sink to the ground, lost in the moment, lost in each other.
“Wake up!” I hear the shrill voice of an irate fairy scream into my ear.
Oh no.  Oh, no, no, no.  Not now, when I am just…
I feel a sharp strike to the back of my head.  And just like that, the forest vanishes.  Astra vanishes.  I am back on Vesuvius.  “Stupid fairy!” I shout, holding the back of my bludgeoned head.
“That’s what you get when you fall asleep while I am talking,” she huffs.  “Now, as I was s… are you flushed?” she asks.
My heart is racing a mile a minute.  It takes my body a bit to realize it is no longer in the forest with Astra.  Beautiful, warm, wonderful Astra.  Wait, flushed?  And my heart… is racing?  I put a hand to my chest.
“My heart is racing,” I say.
“I can see that,” she murmurs, her voice a mixture of disapproval and amused astonishment.
“No,” I say.  “You don’t understand.  My heart… is beating.”  I laugh with joy.  The fairy looks at me like I am insane.  “It hasn’t beat in ten years.”
It’s the fairy’s turn to go pale.  Rayne’s eyes widen in shock.  “Wait.  Your heart just started beating.  Where were you?”
“Uh,” I pause.  “Nowhere.  Just a dream.”
She flies up and hangs practically upside down so she can grab my chin and look into my eyes.  She lifts each of my eyelids with the tip of her wand.  “Who else was in the ‘just a dream’?”
“No one,” I insist.
“You’re in love,” she says, accusatory.
“Love?  I just… I…”
“Worse than that,” she says, shaking her wand to get it to spark with light then shining it in my eyes, “You’re a dreamwalker.”
“So?” I say, pushing her away.  I am still reeling over feeling my heart beat.  It is odd.  Does everyone feel this rush of life every time it beats?  With each thud, I feel like it is telling me that I am alive, that anything is possible.
“Who were you with?” she repeats.
I look away.  “Astra,” I murmur.
“Princess Astra of the House of Star?” she gasps.
“Look,” I say.  “It’s not that big of a deal.  It was just a dream.”
“It wasn’t just a dream,” she says.  “You are a dreamwalker.  It was real.  Real for you both.”
“Oh,” I say.
“Oh is right,” she says.
We both fly on for a bit, not saying anything in the awkward silence.

~ 24 ~
Astra


I wake, my heart racing.
What… was… that?
I sit up in my bed and put my hand to my hair.  Something is sticking me in the head.  I pull it back and my jaw drops.  A leaf.
I rush to the mirror.  My cheeks are pink and my lips are all puffy.  I shake my head in disbelief.  It couldn’t have been real.  It was just a dream.
I close my eyes and it all comes back to me in vivid detail.  His lips, his hands… I blush all over again.
There is a knock at the door.  “Princess, the advisors have been gathered, as you requested,” Laurence calls.
“I’ll be right out,” my voice squeaks as I rush to dress.  Without giving it too much thought, I shove myself into the first thing I can grab, an informal peasant dress trimmed in green, and hurry to the mirror.  My hair is a mess of grass and leaves.  I look like I have been rolling around in a field like a child.  I laugh and roll my eyes at my own embarrassed expression.  I was rolling around in a field, but what I was doing wasn’t very child-like.
“Princess?” Laurence asks, concern in his voice.
I quickly pick out all the leaves and run my fingers through my hair.  “Good enough,” I murmur as I turn to open the door.  “Let’s go,” I say.
He nods, but he looks at me with a curious expression.  I hurry down the hall, hoping I can pass off my breathlessness and blush as the result of a brisk walk.  The guards open the dining room hall doors before me.  The advisors all stand as I enter the room.
“Princess,” the head advisor, Lataford, greets me as they all bow their heads.
“Good afternoon, gentlemen,” I greet them, heading for the head of the table.  My father’s chair sits empty.  I take it without pause and sit.  The men around me all watch with rapt interest.  It is my first test, and I pass.  I can do this.  I can rule my kingdom.  After a brief moment, they all sit in unison.  The hall is filled with the sliding of chairs on stone.
I reach for the map of Dawnfell already spread out on the table and tug it closer so I can see.  “What is our status?” I ask.
“We have a brigade on each side of the approach, but as you know, princess, our forces have never recovered from our defeat at the Skycliffs,” Lieutenant General Marcus informs me, pointing to the spots on the map using a small gold dagger.
“I know,” I say, refusing to take my eyes off the map.  We will make this work, somehow.  It has to work.
“What news is there of Briarglen?”
I look up.  General Faxhel, the old lieutenant under Temis.  I always wondered why he wasn’t at that battle.  I think, somehow, he knew we might be defeated.  I don’t think it was anything sinister, I just think the man is a coward.
But, I need his support if I am to maintain control over my own fighting force.  For now.
“Briarglen will not be coming to our aid,” I inform them, my eyes meeting Faxhel’s.  He knew this already.  Laurence always reports to him on new developments.
“We need those forces, or else…” Faxhel looks grim.
“There is no ‘or else’,” I counter.  “The Rose House has fallen under the same curse that befell them a generation ago.  There is no way to wake them,” I explain.  “Now, if we try…”
“But, that curse was dispelled!”
I stop talking, my finger still pointing to the map.  It was Corwin that spoke out of place, the kingdom historian.
I sigh.  “It is back.  Anyway, as I was saying, if we…”
“The prince!” Corwin exclaims.  “If you were to journey to Rose Castle, your kiss…”
I look up at him very slowly.  He is smiling proudly, having found what he thinks is a perfectly good solution.
“Don’t you think I tried that?” I snap.
All the men lean back in their chairs away from me.
“Now, as I was saying… Malexia’s forces are burning the forest here through here.  If we can eliminate the clearers and scouts here, here and here,” I point to the map, “Then, we can at least slow their progress.  We can start picking them off as they move through the trees.  It might give us a fighting chance.”
“I know!” Corwin cries.  “We should find ourselves a fairy!”
All the men murmur in agreement.
“This isn’t some fairy tale!” I yell as I slam my palm on the table.  “People are dying.  Why can’t you see?  Magic can’t fix everything!”  I turn away from them, tears welling in my eyes.  Why now?  I need to be strong.  I can’t break like this.  “Magic can’t bring my parents back,” I whisper.
I have to get out.  I storm off for the door, leaving the men behind me.  As soon as I am out of sight of the guards, I sag against the wall and close my eyes.
“They were only trying to help,” Myna tweets at my ear.
I don’t respond.  I know this has little to do with the advisors.  I am the one that is broken.  To be a competent leader, I must learn to control myself if I ever hope to control my kingdom.
I know where I need to go.  I need to confront my fears.  I need to reconcile with the past.  I need closure.
Before I know it, I find myself standing at the doors to the throne room.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Myna asks me.
I nod.  But, now that I am here, I am not so sure I can do this.  I put a hand out hesitantly and push the doors open.  Memories come flooding back.  I see the thrones at the far end of the hall.
Blood soaked images from my nightmare flash in front of my eyes.
“I can’t,” I say, closing the doors quickly.  “I just can’t.”  The tears won’t stop.  They cascade down my cheeks like an endless rain.  I rest my forehead against the door.  I sink to the floor, sobbing.
I do not know how long I sit there.  Eventually, I run out of tears.  My heart still cries, but my eyes have run dry.  I am empty, once again.  Empty and lost.  What made me think I could do this?  I am not ready.  I am not sure I will ever be ready.
“You are not alone,” Myna chirps in my ear softly.  I feel the brush of her feathers light against my neck.  I know it is a phantom touch, but it is still somehow reassuring.  “Your people love you, Astra.  Those men will follow you, whatever you decide.”
“I will lead them to their destruction,” I say, my voice hollow.
“Malexia’s evil can not stand unopposed.  You are in the right, Astra,” she whispers.  “Things have a way of working out for the good.”
“My parents were good,” I counter.  “Things didn’t work out for them.”
“Ah, but in their own way, they did.  You heard Temis.  He killed them to save them from a fate worse than death.  He saved you.  Even though things may look bad, sometimes it is still the best resolution of a terrible circumstance.”
I hang my head, exhausted.  “What do I do?”
“You’ve given your men direction.  It is the responsibility of the general to take that direction, to protect the kingdom.  There is nothing more you can do.”
I look up at the tapestry hanging on the opposite wall.  A bright star is emblazoned on it, set into the deep black of the night sky.  “My plan can only delay them.  We need more men.”
Myna pauses thoughtfully, then chirps a shrill tweet that nearly shatters my eardrums.  My hand flies to my ear.  “I’ve got it!” she screams.
“What?” I ask.
“It’s not more men, but I know where we can get more help.”
“Where?” I ask.  I sense my own excitement for the first time in a long time.
“The Deepwell Caverns,” she says.
I gasp.  “The enchanted creatures?” I ask.  “But, can they fight?”
“Some can,” she tweets.  “But it is not just the fight that I am thinking about.”
“How else can they help?” I wonder.  It’s not like I am in a position to turn down any sort of help, but it is hard to imagine an enchanted sparrow, squirrel and rabbit against an undead army.
“Magic,” she says.
I raise my eyebrow skeptically.
“Oh, just trust me,” Myna chirps in annoyance.  “It is only an hour’s flight away, by Leopold’s speed,” she says.  “What have you got to lose?”
The answer, as we both know, is nothing.  Literally.
I nod.  Quickly, I run back to the dining hall.  All the men seem surprised to see me.  “Princess?” Laurence asks.
“Start the plan immediately,” I order.  “We have no time to delay.  I am off to find us reinforcements.  I will be back in a few hours.”
They bow and thankfully, do not question my authority.  At least, to my face.  I walk from the room calmly and head for the stables, where Leopold waits.  Overhead, Ptarax comes in to land on my shoulder, opposite of Myna, though the crow can not see the starling.  No one else can but me.  I guess it is part of our new bond.
“Where are we off to now, highness?” the crow caws sarcastically.
“Deepwell Caverns,” I say as Leopold jumps into the air.  I follow Myna’s glittering form out of the castle grounds and over the forest.  I glance behind me and catch a last view of the dining hall through the glass, the advisors still gathered, making their plans for war.
I take a deep breath and let it out slowly.  All I can do now is hope.

~ 25 ~
Corvus


“Hope is the key to light magic,” Rayne explains.
I roll my eyes and start to drift off again.
“Oh, no you don’t,” she says, smacking my arm with her wand.  It sends a small electric shock through me, making my hair stand on end.  “No running off with princesses now.  You need to pay attention, if you intend to fight Malexia.”
“Right,” I say.  But I am not paying attention.  My hand is over my heart and I am feeling it beat beneath my hands.  I feel warm.  I feel alive.
“Malexia was corrupted.  It turned her magic dark and…” she pauses, glancing at me.  “You aren’t paying attention, are you?”
I blink.  “Sure I am.  Corruption… dark… redemption…” I mutter.
“I didn’t say anything about redemption,” she snaps.
Vesuvius gives a chuckling neigh as she begins to climb.  I being to slide off, the angle is so steep.  I put one hand on the fairy bundled behind me to ensure she stays put as well, and clutch the mane with the other hand.
“Where are we?” I ask.
“We are almost there,” Rayne answers.
I frown.  We are flying up the side of an enormous cliff in the heart of an unknown mountain range.  White clouds surround us.  I marvel as I feel the cool mist of the clouds on my skin.  I never thought I would miss the feel of cool as much as I missed the feel of heat.  But I relish both, drinking in the sensation like a man lost in the desert without water.
Vesuvius begins to tire, yet she climbs.  Her breaths are coming in heaving gasps, her lungs expanding against my legs with desperation.  Still, she beats her wings with all her heart, rising into the clouds.
“How much further?” I ask, well aware of the strain on Vesuvius.
“Almost,” the fairy replies vaguely.  Stupid fairies.
The air shimmers around me.  The clouds disappear, replaced by a sunny plateau, covered in flowers of every color and type.  Vesuvius lands.  Her legs buckle and she drops to the ground.  I jump off.
“Are you alright?” I ask.
She lays there, her wings outstretched, her head bent.  “Yes,” she manages in between heaving gasps.  “I will be alright in a minute.  Go.”
I nod and pull the fairy bundle quickly from her back.
“Quickly,” Rayne says.  “We mustn’t delay.”
“Merriweather Sprig Sunbeam Hollysmith!”
Rayne freezes and turns.  I glance around hesitantly, and what I see almost makes me drop the bundle I am carrying.
A dozen fairies, all with wands at the ready, dressed in the widest array of colors I have ever seen, flutter in two rows as if they are about to attack us.
Stupid fairies.
Rayne narrows her eyes at the force.  “Don’t you ever call me that name again, or so help me, Moonshine, I will banish you to a corner of the world where slugs will be your only company!”
A fairy dressed in pale blue blinks at her and pales.  “You hear that?” she asks her fellow fairies.  “She threatens the captain of the guard!  That is punishable by…”
“I’m queen right now,” she snaps.  “At least, for the next few minutes.  And if you don’t help this boy with his burden, it will be a lot longer than that!”  Rayne races across the field, charging the fairy in light blue.  “And if I have to be queen, I will do a lot worse to you than slugs.”
The fairy in light blue swallows.
Beside her, a fairy in yellow gasps.  “Oh, my goodness!  Does that mean…”
“Yes,” Rayne explains.  “My sister is in the bundle.  She has perished at the hands of Malexia.”
“Malexia?” all the fairies gasp.  They rush to the bundle, undoing the tie with a wave of a wand.  The fabric falls away, revealing the fallen fairy.  All the fairies gasp again, their wings fluttering like a dozen hummingbirds.
“Quickly,” a pink fairy says.
“Yes, quickly, to the High Fairy!” a periwinkle fair cries.
The pack of fairies pick up the edges of the bedding, lift into the air, and hover away slowly.
“Come on,” Rayne tells me.  “You’ll be wanting to see the Head Fairy, too.”
“I will?” I ask.
She nods and flies off.  I follow on foot.  She hangs back, flying beside me as I jog to keep up.
“I don’t understand,” I admit.  “Who is this high fairy?  And you… you’re a queen?”
“Not for long, if the magic is willing,” she says.  “I don’t want to be queen.  My sister is a much better ruler than I.  And, as for the High Fairy… well, she is an old sage.  She lives on, preserved in time by the power of a thousand wands, gifting generations with her knowledge.”
“Wow,” I say.  Old, crusty fairy.  Nice.
“She my our ancestor.  One of the three that helped the Rose Queen escape her last curse.  Actually, I am named after her.”
“Rayne?” I ask.
“Merriweather,” she replies.
“That is an odd name,” I point out.
She puts a wand in my face.  “Don’t ever call me by it, if you want to see another day,” she threatens.  “I hate that name.”
I push the wand aside.  “You really don’t like being a fairy, do you?”
“What?” she gasps.  “Whatever gave you that idea?”
“You just act like…”
Rayne sighs.  “I just hate the politics.  The magic is… well… you’ll see.”
I swallow.  I’ve seen plenty of dark magic spells cast.  Magic was never really pleasant.  I can’t imagine feeling the same eagerness I see in Rayne’s face.
Ahead, I see a massive white rotunda made of marble.  We enter as the fairies are laying the red fairy on a pedestal in the center.  Overhead, sealed in bubble is a rather wide blue fairy with dark hair.  Not old or crusty, but rather squat and tiny.
“Oh High Fairy,” the yellow fairy calls.  “Grant us the power to bring out sister back.”  The fairies flutter back from the pedestal, their wands raised, waiting.
“The roses have withered on the branch,” the High Fairy’s voice echoes through the chamber.  “The cups have run dry,” she continues.
No.  The words of the white crow echo in my head.  I hold my hands to my temples.
“The stars have fallen.”
“Yes, yes, ancestor.  We don’t have time for your riddles now,” Rayne counters.  “My sister lies dead below you.  You must save her.”
“I must save nothing,” she counters, floating around to look at us.  “You want to save her for your own selfish reasons, so you will not be forced to be queen,” she says, directly to Rayne.  “Light magic does not work for the selfish.”
She turns slowly to look at me, her blue eyes glowing.  I blink.  “Just as dark magic does not work for the selfless, crow.”
“I am not selfless,” I counter.
“Not yet,” she says.  “But you will be…”  She slowly turns away.
“High Fairy!” the yellow fairy calls again.  “What of Florence?  Your kin!”
“The age of the crow is upon us, children,” she says, her voice calm.  “You have brought one to our very midst.  Is there no further proof needed?  We are doomed, all of us.”
“The age of the crow is not eternal,” I whisper.
The High Fairy turns quickly.  “What did you say?” she asks, her eyes sparkling.
“The age of the crow is not eternal,” I say a bit louder.  “I don’t know.  Some crow told me… once, when I was a boy… in a dream.”  Why are they all staring at me like that?  I am not crazy.
“Tell me of this dream,” she orders.
“I don’t remember it too well, anymore.  A white crow appeared…”
All the fairies in the room gasp simultaneously.  The High Fairy tilts her head.  “Continue,” she orders.
“And he told me something about no one listening to him anymore, and how the age of the crow wasn’t eternal.”
“What else?” she asks.
“That’s it,” I say.
“No,” she says with a shake of her head.  “There has to be more.  Try to remember, boy.  All our lives could depend on it.”
I furrow my brow and look away, trying to remember.  “It was just like the other lines, only slightly different…”  I pause.  I close my eyes.  The world around me fades away and I find myself back in the forest that night, standing before the white crow.  It is just an after image, a memory, but he looks as powerful now as he did when I was eight.
“Dreamwalker,” I hear a fairy hiss.
“Shush,” the High Fairy counters.
My lips move as I recall his words exactly.  My voice becomes his voice.  “The age of the crow is not eternal.  The rose will bloom once more, when the sun is at its peak.  The cup will know plenty when the veil of curse is lifted.  And the star will soar again into the heavens on borrowed wings as the last crow burns.”
The echo of my voice fades from the hall.  I am once again back in the room with the fairies.  Yet, I feel like a part of me will forever be back there, with the crow in the forest.
“What does it mean?” a pink fairy asks a white fairy.  The white fairy shrugs.  They all look to the High Fairy overhead.
“I will think on this revelation,” she says.  “In the mean time, we have one of our own to save.”
She turns as the fairies cheer.  When all their wands have been held high overhead, she releases a bright light from her own wand, connecting them all with tendrils of light.  It is as if the High Fairy is a tree and below her, the power runs out of her roots to the fairies below.
All the light gathers into a massive collection of energy, which drifts slowly downward and vanishes into the red fairy.
Overhead, the High Fairy drops her head and her bubble darkens.  She is asleep.
I drop my head, only to find that all the fairies surrounding the pedestal have collapsed.  The steady rise and fall of their breathing shows they, too, have fallen asleep.
“It takes,” Rayne yawns as she drops to the ground.  “A lot of energy to bring someone back.”
“A life for a life,” I say.
“That isn’t,” she yawns again, “always the case.  If many people come together, the cost is spread…” her eyes droop and she passes out.
I catch her and slowly lean her against the wall.  I sit down beside her to wait.

~ 26 ~
Astra


Leopold lands just outside the cavern entrance.
“Careful,” Myna whispers in my ear.  I nod.
She doesn’t have to tell me.  I can feel the magic in the air.  The place is protected.
“Hello?” I call in to the cave.  “I am Princess Astra of the House of Star!”  Silence in response.  “I have come to talk,” I add, uncertainly.
A small mouse scurries out of the cave.
“We knew you would come, princess,” it squeaks.  “Please, come in.  The crow and the pegasus must remain outside of the enchantments, but the starling is a welcome friend.”
“You can see Myna?” I ask.
“Of course,” the mouse replies.  He turns and scurries back inside.
“I’ll be back in a little while,” I tell Leopold and Ptarax as I turn to head inside the cave.
I step through the invisible barrier.  It feels like stepping through a waterfall as the magic cascades over my skin.  I suspect, if I were an intruder, the magic wouldn’t be as kind.
“Come,” the mouse calls.
I follow his scurrying steps as he draws me deeper and deeper into the cave.   Soon, it opens up into an immense cavern, lit by subterranean glowshrooms that give the place a green hue.  Hundreds of enchanted animals are gathered in the space.  A deer drinks from the water seeping through the rocks from the river above.  Birds nest in the stalactite formations overhead, their song resonates through the cavern.  A family of tiny rabbits cuddle on the back of a wild sheep.
In the heart of the cavern sits a massive island, covered in various enchanted animals.  The mouse scurries through the ground and climbs up on the island.  I approach slowly.  The island starts to turn.
As it moves, the ground beneath my feet starts to rumble.  Enchanted animals are whisked around the cavern as segments of ground ripple out as if a pebble has been dropped into a smooth lake.
I feel the urge to reach out and hang on, but there is nothing to hang on to.  Yet, the animals seem perfectly content to be shuffled.
What sort of magic is this?
A large rock rises from the island and the ripple earthquake ceases.  Then, the rock opens its eyes.  My jaw drops.  It isn’t an island.  It is a massive turtle.
“Princess Astra,” he sighs, his voice booming in the small space.  He looks as if he is carved from the rock of this place, as if he has been here forever.
I bow politely.
“You come to ask for our help in the upcoming war,” he says.
I nod.  “How do you know?”
“I see all.  I know all.  I am one with the world.  I know of its trials and triumphs.  And I know that you think you are out of options.”
I nod again.
He draws a deep, rasping breath.  “The truth is, you are not.  We will aid you, as we can, but even you can see that we are no army.  Auronia is our land, too.  Malexia must fall.  Yet, we are not enough to turn the tide of war.”
I hang my head.  I knew this truth.  It hurts to hear it aloud.  I am a fool to let myself hope as I do.  What are a handful of forest creatures against Malexia, enchanted or not?
“Do not despair, princess.  For there is yet hope.  The Prince of the House of Rose sleeps…”
“I tried to wake him,” I respond.  “It didn’t work.  I don’t love him.”
“Ahh, but magic, in all its complexity, is really so simple sometimes.”
I tilt my head.  “What does that mean?” I ask.
“There are ways to trick even the most well crafted spell.  It does not call for you to love the prince.  It calls for you to feel love.”
“Wait, what?” I ask.
“You love your family.  You love your little starling,” he points out.  “Love is the key, sweet princess, and a powerful key at that.  It may yet save us all.”
“Love,” I say thoughtfully.  There is a way?  A way to save Dawnfell?  A way to wake the army of the House of Rose?
“Malexia’s army will be here in two days,” I say, as I turn to run from the cavern.  “Be ready.”
“We will be,” the turtle assures me.
I leap onto Leopold’s back.  “To Rose Castle,” I say.
Ptarax caws so harshly in surprise, he sheds black feathers.  “What?  No, you can’t go back there.”
“I can and I must,” I insist.
Leopold gallops and leaps into the air, turning towards Rose Castle.

~ 27 ~
Corvus


I have fallen into the same sleep as the fairies.  I dream now, but due to the hues and the music floating through the air, I know it is not my own dream.  Sadly, Astra is also missing, one of the only reasons I would ever want to dream in the first place.  I wander in the land of fairy dreams, but I am not alone for long.
Fairies drift in and out of the pastel mists.  An odd looking fairy dressed in purple bumps into me, before drifting off into an entirely different direction.
“What is this?” I ask.
I see the red fairy drifting past and reach out to grab her.   Her eyes are glazed, as if she is watching something far away.  At my touch, she snaps out of her musings and she looks for me.
“What are you doing here?” she asks.
“Where are we?” I ask.
“We are asleep,” she explains.  She flutters her wings and looks around.  “Which is strange, considering I am dead.”
“Were dead,” I correct.  “I am pretty sure the other fairies brought you back.”
“Oh,” she says.  “Well, that was lucky.”
I sigh.  Fairies.
“That still doesn’t explain you, though,” she says.  “Come with me.”  She flies into a pastel cloudbank.  I follow.
“Where exactly are we?” I ask.  “I know, I know.  We are asleep.  But I’ve been in dreams before and…”
“You’re a dreamwalker!” she exclaims.  “Oh, that makes much more sense.”
“I can do a lot of things with dark magic,” I counter.  “Why is that surprising?”
The red fairy laughs.  “Dreamwalking isn’t dark magic.”
I blink.  “What?  But I…”
“I told you before, you had magic in you before Malexia corrupted you,” someone interjects.  I know that voice.  I turn as Rayne flutters in from another bank of pastel.
“Rayne!” the red fairy cries happily.  “I thought you were under the ocean.”
“I was,” she counters, her face twisted into a sour pout.  “Until you died, that is.  Why didn’t you have even a basic protection ward up, Flo?  You were defenseless.”
“I’m sorry, Ray,” Flo confesses.  “I never thought Mel would do it.”
“Excuse me,” I interrupt.  “Are we dreaming or not?  Because I am starting to get a headache from all the pastels.”
“Let’s deal with the boy, then,” Flo says.  Rayne nods.
Deal with me?  Deal with me how exactly?  I tense.
 “I am serious about all the pastels,” I say, closing my eyes.  “It’s getting annoying.”
“Fairies are creatures of pure light.  This is how we communicate and recharge our powers.  We move in and out of each other’s consciousness, spreading news of our good deeds and knowledge of worldly events to the others of our kind,” Rayne explains.
“Well,” I say.  “That’s just magical.  Can I wake up now?”
“No one brought you here,” Flo snaps.  “You came here uninvited, crow.”
“Flo, he helped save your life,” Rayne catches her.  “Have some patience with the boy.”
“Boy?  He is a creature under dark control.  He is no boy,” Flo replies.  Her eyes narrow at me.  Oh, yes.  She remembers me now.  Gone is the kind fairy I woke earlier, replaced by this hardened and bitter soul.  So much for creatures of pure light.  Damn fairies.
Rayne grabs her by the arm and whispers in her ear.  “He talked with the old crow.”
“Really?” Flo gasps and gives me an appraising look.
“The old crow?” I ask.
“You spoke of a white crow,” Rayne reminds me.
“Yes, I dreamed of a white crow, when I was eight.”  I don’t understand. Why are the fairies suddenly so interested in my dreams as a child?
“It wasn’t just a dream.  The old crow is an ancient… a creature of high magic.”
“High magic?” I ask.
Flo flutters closer.  “High magic,” she repeats Rayne’s words.  “Before there was light and dark magic, a balance of both.”
Dark magic and light magic, coexisting?  I can’t imagine it.  It must be more fairy embellishments.
“Flo, you tell the tale,” Rayne prompts her sister.
Flo nods.  “A long time ago…”
I shake my head.  “I can’t trust anything a fairy says.  Everything is always glossed up with a happy shine.  I don’t even know if your kind knows how to tell the truth.”
“Look,” Rayne snaps.  “So what if we shine things up a bit?  Our stories are born here, in this dream world, surrounded by all the positive thoughts of all fairy kind.  Of course a fairy is going to want to brag about their accomplishments, or put a brighter polish on a dark story.  Who wants to hear a depressing story?”
“It doesn’t matter if it is depressing or not,” I snap.  “The truth is the truth.”
“But, if you tell the truth, as you say,” Flo counters, “how will people learn?  How will life be better from it?  A fairy tale is a way of easing people towards an understanding.  The key is to root for the seed of truth in the tale, let it blossom and learn the lesson it teaches.”
I blink.  “Well, you can dispense with all the fluff.  I want the cold, hard facts.”
Flo and Rayne exchange an awkward look.
Realization dawns on me.  “You… don’t know the truth, do you?  You only know what you have been told.  The shining fairy version.”
They nod in unison.
I sigh.  “Does anyone know the original stories?”
They glance at each other.  “The High Fairy, maybe?” Flo asks Rayne.
Rayne shrugs.  “Worth a try, I guess.”
They flutter around me, each taking a hand and lifting me up into the pastel clouds.  Soon, the small squat blue figure is visible.
“What?” she grumbles.  “Bugging me in the day isn’t enough for you two.  You have to track me down while I am dreaming, too?”
I glance between her and Rayne.  I suddenly see a resemblance, and also notice where Rayne got her unusual personality.
The fairy glowers at me.  “Oh, it’s the crow.”
“We tried to tell him the story of the old crow,” Flo admits.
“…but he didn’t want to hear the official version,” Rayne adds, “He says he wants the truth.”
The High Fairy nods.  “Alright.  But I can’t promise it’s as pleasant as the official version.  You sure?” she asks me.
I nod.
“You’re a dreamwalker, so it will be easier to just show you,” she says, offering me her hand.  I take it and the pastels vanish, replaced by darkness.
“A long time ago,” she begins.
“Oh, not again,” I mutter.
“No, crow.  This is the origin of that beginning.  There is power in those words.  Watch,” she says.
Auronia appears before us.  There are no castles, no kingdoms.  It is wild, natural.  Beautiful.
“In the time of high magic,” she says, “creatures were not merely enchanted, as they are today.  Enchanted creatures are merely normal creatures touched by magic, just as some people are touched by magic.  But, in the old times, creatures were truly magic embodied.  These were the ancients.”
The sun rises over the land and I see Leopold fly past.  The sun sets and the moon rises and Vesuvius flies past.
“The fairy tale says that they chased the sun and moon around the sky, bringing day and night to the land,” she explains.  “But the truth is, they ruled the sky during the day and night.  We fairies were the first residents of Auronia, along with the ancients.  We named them Leopold and Vesuvius, thinking them fit names, as opposites.”
Vesuvius meets Leopold at dusk and they clash before us.  Her hooves rain fire down upon the land, just as in Briarglen.  It is the story she told me, unfolding before my eyes.  My eyes widen in awe.  Their battle is spectacular.
“We didn’t realize our mistake at first, when we named Vesuvius.  We always thought she was a boy, with her temper.  Should have known better.  We found out about our mistake shortly thereafter, of course.”
They crash to the ground, exhausted.  Leopold has a broken wing, Vesuvius has broken her right foreleg, yet they still try to fight, neither willing to give up.  But the fighting soon turns to something else.  I look away.
The High Fairy laughs.  “You’re blushing,” she points out.  “A difficult feat for a crow.”
The scene before us changes to a dark forest.  A huge black crow is sitting on a branch, looking up at the moonlight.  A feeling of serenity settles over me.  I realize it is the crow from my dream.  But, his feathers are black.  I glance over at the High Fairy.  She notes the confusion on my face.
“Yes,” she replies.  “That is the old crow.  Watch.”
Out of the forest, a young fairy dressed in tattered rags, her wings shredded, her hair as dark as night stumbles through the woods.  The crow looks at her.  She freezes.  I can see from the fear on her face that she thinks she is about to be eaten, but she does not move.  She seems to accept her fate.
“Why do you run?” he asks.
She stares at him.
“Is it out of fear?” he asks.
“No,” she says defiantly.  “I run to be free.  Free of my life.  I don’t want to be a fairy anymore.  I am not like the others and they make me suffer for it.”
The crow flies to a lower branch to get a better look at the young fairy.
“Freedom is a rare gift,” he responds.
The scene before me is so familiar.  It is like I am reliving my past.
The fairy shivers under the crow’s scrutiny.
“I could give you freedom.  I could give you power to live your life as you will.”
“Power?” the girl asks, her eyes filled with hope.  Something else glints there… purpose?  Hunger?  I shift in my unease.  Who is this fairy?
“Power,” the crow agrees.  “The power to be free.  No one will control you.”
She smiles.
The crow raises his wings to the sky.  The air around him ripples and the color slowly begins to dissolve from his feathers, leaving them white in the moonlight.  The black pours off of his wings into a cloud of dark mist.
Only when the color has been drained completely from his feathers does he lower his wings.  He looks at the young fairy and caws.  The ground shakes from the force of it, but the young fairy shows no fear.  The mist flies to her, enveloping her.  When it recedes, she is wrapped in a black cloak that hangs like feathers from her arms.
I gasp.  “The Raven Queen,” I whisper in awe.
“No one will control me,” the young fairy says.  “For I will control them all.”
Time flies past.  Centuries melt away into minutes before me.  Crow Castle grows into the sky a stone brick at a time as the Raven Queen wages war on the fairies.  As mortals begin to roam the lands, the fairies retreat into the clouds overhead.  The ancients are hunted by mortals, leaving behind only traces of their magic in the land, which shows itself in the form of enchanted animals.
Three other castles appear in the distance.
“Just as magic seeped into the enchanted creatures of Auronia, some mortals became enchanted, too.  The Star family, the Chalice family and the Sword family.”
“Suits of the cards,” I say.  “I never thought of that before.  But, what happened to the Sword family?”
She motions.  I see the classic fairytale play out before me.  The sleeping princess.  The three good fairies.  The Raven Queen falling to an enchanted sword in the hands of a prince.  I see the image of a sword melt into the image of a rose.
“Rose House,” I say.  “Rose House is the House of Sword?”
The High Fairy nods.  “But they changed their name to something more regal.”
“I see,” I say.  I watch as the Raven Queen retreats to Crow Castle, defeated.  She is weak.  Her power is drained.
Now, we are back in the forest.  A fairy dressed in deep purple flies low over the trees.  Suddenly, a mass of crows attacks.  They shred her wings and rip her wand from her hand.  She is cast down to the ground.
The Raven Queen appears before her, a husk of her former glory.  Her defeat has taken quite a toll.
“Calm yourself, child,” she tells the fairy.
“You!” the fairy cries.  “Your wickedness…”
The Raven Queen laughs.  “Oh, please.  You aren’t like the other rabble from Windgarden.  You want something more.”
The fairy stops.  Her jaw hangs open, but there is uncertainty in her eyes.
“I could give you what you desire.  Power… fame… riches beyond your imagining…”
“I…” her voice catches.  “I… just want...”
“I know,” the Raven Queen purrs, drawing her up from the ground, into an embrace.  “You want a child.”
The fairy starts to cry.
I look over at the High Fairy, confused.  “A child?” I ask.
“We can not have children,” she replies.
“Then how do you…” I start to ask.  “You’re related to Rayne!”
“We reproduce, but we do not raise our young.  They are taken from us and raised…” she pauses.  “Ah, but you do not need to concern yourself with fairy affairs.”
I can see that even she suffers from this sadness.  How terrible.
The Raven Queen draws back and plunges a silver knife into the young fairy’s chest.  The mist plunges into her and she is reborn.
From my intake of breath, the High Fairy must know I have figured it out.
Staring at me in her new dark form is Malexia.
“I don’t understand,” I admit.  “What does this all mean?”
“We are not done,” she says as the scene changes.
I see myself, young and newly turned crow, walking the silent castle halls.
“There is a reason you know all the languages of Auronia.  You were chosen because, like Malexia, you have magic in you.”
“But I was mortal,” I counter.
“You were to be the first of the House of Wand,” the High Fairy says.
“A new house?  Me?  But the houses have existed for centuries.”
“The four houses would have gathered together with enough power to defeat the crows once and for all.  The Raven Queen, as you call her, couldn’t let that happen.  She ordered you killed.  But Malexia… she saw another purpose for you.”
All the images vanish, leaving just her and I in the darkness.  She turns to me.  “With the fall of your Raven Queen the crows are weak.  The last of her power was used to turn Malexia.  So, she needs another power source.”
“Me,” I gasp.  “My suffering, my torment… I was the first.  She used me to grow stronger.”
“Precisely,” the High Fairy agrees.  “And she held back the secrets of the mist so you would never learn to use that power against her.”
It is all starting to make sense now.  And to think, I was the first and she used me to capture the others.
“There is something she doesn’t want you to know about the mists,” the High Fairy continues.  “You have seen them reanimate the dead, have you not?”
I nod.  “It is what was done to me,” I say.
“But not all of your forces are dead,” she counters.  “Malexia holds that secret close.  They are asleep.  The mist fills their bodies while their minds are plunged into a nightmarish hell, and the mists operate them like puppets, fueled by their own torment.”
“Wait,” I gasp.  “They aren’t… dead?”
She shakes her head.
“That… that explains Rose Castle,” I say, trying to process.  My memories surround us and the High Fairy witnesses my spell to draw the prince from his nightmares.  The residents of the castle appear to be brought back from death.  But, they were never dead.  They were only possessed by mist.
“But that isn’t all she has hidden from you,” the High Fairy adds.  “You have seen the origin of the mists.  What does that tell you of their nature?”
I can’t think now.  My mind is reeling.  The Raven Queen… Malexia… both fairies.  Me, destined to start a new house and rule over my own little corner of Auronia, dead and used as a power source for evil.
“Come,” the High Fairy says.  “You have much to think on.”
The pastel world returns.  Flo and Rayne are waiting.
“So?” Flo asks.  “Don’t you wish you got the fairy tale version?”
I shake my head.  “The truth is always better.”
“Suit yourself,” she mutters and flies off into a cloudbank.
A green fairy floats overhead.  I recognize her.  She is the one winged fairy from Mistfirth.  I am surprised when Rayne reaches out and grabs her foot.
“Leafawna,” she snaps at the fairy.
“Fluffy tails… hop, hop, hop,” the drifting fairy replies.
“FAWN!” Rayne yells.
“Hm?  What?” the fairy blinks awake.
“Flo is back as queen,” she says.  “Just thought you ought to know.”
“Oh, she isn’t dead anymore then?” the fairy asks.  “That’s nice.”  She mumbles and rolls over to resume her slumber and Rayne lets go of her foot.  “Once upon a time,” she says, “a princess flew over Mistfirth, heading for Rose Castle…”
I freeze.
“Fawn was always a crazy one.  She refuses to come back to Windgarden, what with her wing and all.  She can’t fly.  Besides, she says, there are no bunnies here…” Rayne explains.
I reach out and grab the floating fairy.  “What was that?” I ask.
“Hmm?” she says sleepily.  “Oh, you are the thing that was with the princess.  You just missed her, you know.”
“Missed her?” I ask.
“Yes,” she says.  “Flying overhead, heading towards Rose Castle.  She goes to wake the prince.”
“She went to wake the prince before, dear,” Rayne corrects.  “You are remembering the past.” The fairy rolls her eyes at her crazy friend.
“No, no,” the green fairy insists.  “She flew overhead as I was falling asleep.  On…” she yawns.  “Leopold…”
“Astra!” I say.  “I have to get back.  Now.”  I wake and sit up, back in the marble rotunda.  The fairies that surround me still sleep.
Rayne wakes behind me.  “Wait!  I must tell you…”
“Not now,” I snap.  “Malexia will be waiting for her.”
I race across the field, relieved to see Vesuvius back on her feet.  “Can you fly?” I ask.  She nods.  I jump on her back.
“Astra is flying for Rose Castle,” I say.  “We have to stop her before Malexia gets her.”
“Rose Castle?” Vesuvius asks in surprise.  “But why?”
“Because she is a fool,” I say.
Vesuvius gallops and dives off the edge of the cliff.  We plunge back into the world of mortals, through the clouds.  I cling to her mane, hoping that we make it in time.

~ 28 ~
Astra


Rose Castle lays before us in the afternoon sun.  This time will be different.  I am armed now.  Armed with the knowledge of how to fight the curse.  Love is the key, the turtle said.  And I am going to try the lock one more time.
A dark shadow passes in front of the sun.  Leopold rears and halts.
I hold my hand in front of my eyes to shield the sun.
Corvus, riding the black pegasus, stands between us and Rose Castle.
“Corvus,” I say, my heart a mixture of emotions.  I blush, unable to control my thoughts as they instantly bring to mind the forest from my dream.  “Where have you been?”
“With the fairies,” he says.
“Fairies?” I ask.  “But they kept trying to blast you with spheres of light.”
“Yes, well,” he says.  “They don’t do that as much anymore.  I helped save the red one and talked to an old bird and… well, its complicated.”
I shift awkwardly in my seat.  “Well, I had better get off to the castle before it gets too late.”
“You can’t go,” he says, unmoving.
Leopold jumps one way, but he is blocked by the black pegasus.  He tries the other, only to find himself blocked again.
“Move,” I say.
“No,” he says.  “Malexia is just waiting for a good opportunity to pounce.  Don’t give it to her.”
“Her army marches on Dawnfell.  I only have two days.”  I insist.  What is wrong with him?
“All the more reason not to be captured now,” he counters.
“Please move,” I beg.
“No.  For your own sake, I will not let you pass,” he says.
Leopold pulls back to disengage.  We ride north and try from another angle, but Corvus is there, waiting.
“Please don’t do this,” I beg.  “This is our only chance at survival.”
“Find another way,” he says.
“How can you be so cold?” I shout.  “You feel nothing, do you?”
He stares, his face blank.  It is as if this isn’t him.  He is cold and distant.  He can not be the same Corvus from my dreams.  Tears well in my eyes.
“You would have me live, yet doom my people?” I ask.
He nods slowly.  “In a heartbeat,” he replies, his hand over his heart.
The sun has set.  I can not enter Rose Castle now.  I turn Leopold and we ride off as fast as the wind can carry us back to Dawnfell.
When we land, Laurence is waiting for me, a silver two-tiered candelabra in hand.  “Preparations have been made according to your directions,” he informs me.
“Good,” I say.  “Tomorrow is going to be busy.”
“Any luck with reinforcements?” he asks hesitantly.  I can tell that his question reflects the hopes of all the other advisors that rest with me.
“A little,” I admit.  “But, tomorrow is another day.”  We walk into the castle.
When we are at my bedroom door, Laurence bows.  “If there is nothing else you require of me, princess, I will retire.”
“Thank you, Laurence,” I say.  He leaves me with the candles and vanishes into the dark halls.
I enter my room.   I smile as the light is cast over my desk.  Maps.  Laurence brought the maps to my room.  I set the silver candelabra down and flip through the maps until I find what I am looking for.
In small letters scrolled on the side I read Briarglen.  I spend hours pouring over the map until I devise a plan.  I will set out again, at dawn.  And this time, Corvus won’t be able to stop me.
My eyes droop.  I lay my head on the table, just for a moment, but once again I am off in my dreams.
The forests of Mistfirth.
I don’t want to see him here.  Not now.  He stands between me and my duty.
But then I hear the crunching of footfalls on the dry underbrush and I know he has come here for me.
What do I do?  I have only a moment to think.  If I stay, I know what will happen.  Can I run?  Can I resist?
Do I want to resist?
I know the answer as soon as he steps out of the trees before me.  If only here, if only now, the last thing I want to do is resist him.  As if my body is no longer my own, I throw myself into his arms.
No words are exchanged.  His lips find mine and I am lost.  We fall to the ground, under a blanket of stars.  There are no battles to be won or lost.  No subjects to save or doom.
Only we two exist here, entwined as one.

~ 29 ~
Corvus


Dawn wakes me, and the new day finds me a new man.
“The fairy was right,” I admit to Vesuvius as she glances at me sleepily.
“About what?” she asks.
“I am in love,” I admit.  I look at the rising sun, my heart is bursting.  I could take on the world.  For I love her, and now I know, she loves me.  Anything is possible.
“You fool,” she neighs in laughter.
“I am a fool,” I admit with a smile.  “A love-struck fool.  And today, I feel like I could live forever.”
“Love makes fools of us all,” Vesuvius admits, watching the sun rise beside me.
I let out a long breath.  “Come on,” I say.  “Astra is going to make a run for the castle early, coming over the mountains.”
“How do you know?” Vesuvius asks.
“She talks in her sleep,” I say, once again smiling.  My cheeks are starting to hurt from the force of it.  Is this what it’s like to be happy?
Vesuvius shakes her head.  “That’s cheating,” she nickers.
I shrug and jump on her back.  “Whatever works.  I will go to any lengths to keep her alive.”

~ 30 ~
Astra


The light of dawn casts the sky in a pink light.  I wake, but I find it hard to return to reality.  I want to dally, if only for the moment, in that space between waking and sleeping.  A warm glow fills me from head to toe.
But the chill of the morning soon reminds me that I must wake.  I can not live in the land of dreams, no matter how much I may want it.  I have a duty to my people, to my kingdom.
I dress, unable to take my eyes off my reflection.  My mirror image looks back at me, just as it did yesterday and the day before, but she smiles at me now as if she knows a secret.  I am different.  Something deep within me has shifted.  I can not define how or what has changed, but I know.  My reflection knows.
Will anyone else be able to see the new me?
I turn away from the mirror and head for the door.  New me or old me, I am still the princess of the House of Star.  My kingdom is counting on me today.
Laurence is walking the halls as I pass.  “Princess?” he asks.
“I’ll be back shortly,” I say somewhat cryptically.  Truth is, I don’t know when I will be back, but I hope to be bringing news of the Rose Army with me.
“You really should eat, princess,” he says, holding his own breakfast, a hunk of bread, in his hands.  “The kitchen staff can have your…”
“No time,” I counter, walking briskly.
Laurence looks down at his bread and rips off the part he has eaten from, running to catch up.  He catches me at the door.
“Here,” he says, handing me his bread.
“Thank you,” I say, accepting the bread.
“Good luck, princess,” he says, his eyes glistening with hope and concern.
I smile.  I am not the one he should be worrying about.  With my free hand, I reach out and pat him on the shoulder.  Then I turn.  “Leopold!” I shout.
The pegasus comes to land before me.  I jump on and we take to the air.
“Where to now?” Ptarax asks.
“Rose Castle,” I reply, but I refuse to tell this traitorous bird anymore.  He is with Corvus, after all, and he could fly and relay my plan.  “But we have a stop to make first.”
Deepwell cavern looks unassuming in the morning light.  I rush through the entrance, heading deep into the cave.
The turtle greets me.  “You glow, princess,” he says.
I blush.  “Yes… well… I…” I stammer.  Why am I acting like a giddy child?  I pull myself together.  “I need your help.  Can you give me some sort of protection, like how you protect the cave?  Corvus is keeping me from…”
“The crow,” he says.
“Yes, the crow,” I say, blushing again.  “Anyway, if I could prove that I am safe from any magical machinations then maybe he will let me pass, and it will also protect me against Malexia.”
“Magical machinations?” the turtle laughs.  “Interesting turn of phrase.”
“Yes, well, can you help?” I ask impatiently.
“My dear, I can do as you ask, but you have already fallen victim to magical machinations, as you call them.”
I blink.  “What?”
“Look for yourself,” he says, motioning with his head at the waters below.  The light from the glowshrooms quivers and forms into an image.
I am kissing Corvus.
I turn bright red in embarrassment.  Giggles erupt from the enchanted animals, all turned to watch the show.  Really?  This is so uncomfortable.
“Watch,” the turtle insists.
How can I watch this?  I watch myself turn away from Corvus.  Then, a faded image of a card appears over his head.  What did he call that one, the lovers?  Suddenly it is right side up and I am pouncing on Corvus.
A card!  He used a card on me?  “So what I feel…” I ask tentatively.
“What you feel is the effect of dark magic,” the turtle explains.
My heart shatters into a million pieces.  I stumble back, my legs weak.  The enchanted animals scatter as I land on a rock.  “But… but we…”
The turtle nods sagely.  “You aren’t the first to have your heart broken by a spell.”
“Heart… broken…” I freeze.  Malexia mentioned that.  Corvus was sent to win my heart and break it.  I couldn’t believe it then, but now?  “He… he was doing it for her.”
“Your broken heart makes you the perfect power source for her dark deeds.  You are ready.  She will come for you.  There is nowhere you can hide from her now.”
This is too much.  Everything… everything is a lie.  I run from the cave.
“Where are you going?” the turtle asks.
I do not answer.  I simply run.  My feet fly as I burst from the cave and sprint for the forest, right past Leopold.  I can’t bear to look at him.  I can’t look at anyone right now.
“Astra.”
No.  No, no, no.  Not that voice.  Anything but that voice.
“Astra!”
I stop, but I do not turn.  I feel his hands on my shoulders.  It revolts me.  I shudder and pull away.  “You,” I hiss.
“What happened?” he asks, his smile falling.
“You used dark magic to turn my heart.  To make me love you,” I say, my voice heavy with venom.
His eyes are wide.  Surprise?  No, it must be a lie.  He knows what he did.  He is just surprised that I found out.  Of course.
“No Astra,” he says.  “I swear, I didn’t…”
“I saw you!” I say.  “That card… the lovers… ha!”  I turn and storm off into the forest.
“Astra,” he begs.  “Please.  I didn’t know what I was doing.”
“You knew,” I counter.  “You did it for her.”
“No,” he insists.  “Everything I have done, I have done for you.  That is why I am here.  I want to help you fight her.”
“What could you do against an army?” I snap.  “What I need is another army.  I need the House of Rose.”
He grabs my arms.  I try to wiggle free and fail.  “Let go of me,” I order.
He pulls me close.  “Astra,” he says, his voice low.  I am paralyzed by that voice.  “You don’t understand what will happen if you wake the prince,” he says.  “The army that marches on Dawnfell… it contains innocents…”
“They are dead already,” I snap.  “Like you.”
I feel him tense and instantly I regret my words.
He continues, but I can hear the hurt in his tone.  It was a low blow.  “They are not all dead.  I have only recently learned that they are asleep, being manipulated, like puppets.”
“They’re… alive?” I ask.  This changes everything.  Can I trust him?
He nods.  “If you wake the prince, the Rose Army will march on Malexia’s army.  Both sides will suffer losses, but the true loss will be two-fold.  All those that protect you and those that fight against their will.”
I shudder.  “What can we do?”
“I have been to Windgarden,” he says.
I scoff.  “More fairies?” I ask, my eyes tearing up.  “What use are fairies to us now?”
“Not just more,” he counters.  “All the fairies.  They have been fighting the crows forever.  If we give them this once chance to launch an all out offensive, they will fight alongside us.  They can help us to spare those under Malexia’s influence and put the dead to rest.”
I look up at him.  He smiles at me.  I can still see the hurt in his eyes, but he lowers his lips to mine and… I push him away.  “I am sorry,” I say.  “I just can’t.”
“It isn’t the card, you know,” he says.
I turn.
“If you are worried that your feelings… that what happened between us last night was the result of dark magic, then you don’t know yourself well enough.”  A card appears over my head, translucent.  An inverse appears over it.
“There,” he says.  “I’ve removed the spell.”
I pause.  Do I feel any different?
“Do you hate me?” he asks.
I turn and look at him.  No, I do not hate him.  I don’t think I could ever hate him.  I allow him to pull me into his arms and he kisses me.  I kiss back, but my heart is still torn.  The spell is gone, but the trust will never be restored.
“Come on,” he says.  “There are some stupid fairies you need to meet.”
We walk back through the trees and find Leopold cuddling with the black pegasus.  I start to retreat, to give them a moment, but Corvus catches my hand and pulls me forward.
“Vesuvius,” he calls.  The black pegasus pulls away from Leopold.  “Will you survive another flight to Windgarden?”
The black pegasus tosses her head in agreement.
“Windgarden?” I ask in disbelief.  “We are really going there?  I have only ever heard of it in fairy tales.”
He nods as he helps me up on Leopold.   He hops up on Vesuvius and glances over at me, smiling.  My heart flutters.  Traitorous heart.
“You ready?” he asks.
I nod.
Vesuvius gallops into the air, followed by Leopold.
I watch him, hair blowing in the wind, his face set in his usual serious stare, but his lips curved into a glowing smile.
What am I going to do?

~ 31 ~
Corvus


I never realized until she is here, flying beside me, how much I constantly think about her.  How much I worry.  With her here, I feel relaxed.  It’s like having someone tell you that everything is going to be okay.
Not that it will, of course.  I know what fate awaits me at the end of this.  But, for the moment, the truth of my predicament is forgotten.
We head straight up the vertical cliff.  “Hold on,” I call to her.
She nods, ducking her head and wrapping her arms around Leopold’s neck.
I lean in against Vesuvius.  We climb up into the clouds, higher and higher.  The wind lashes at the horses, buffeting us.  I glance over at Astra.  She is there, safe.  My heart calms again.  Soon, we are through.
I hear her gasp in awe at the beautiful plateau before us, covered in flowers, floating above the clouds.  It brings a smile to my lips.  The world must be truly amazing seen through her eyes.  I remember the brightness of her dreams.
“Halt.”  Moonshine, captain of the fairy guard along with eleven of her closest multicolored fairy friends, is waiting for us.
“We are here to request your help,” I say.
She raises a perfect eyebrow at me.  “And why would we help you, crow?”
“Oh, Moonshine, cut that out,” Rayne yells, flying to meet us.  She looks at Astra and smiles.  “You found the girl!  Good, good.  Hello, Princess Astra.  My, you have grown!”
“Have we met?” Astra asks.
“Oh, yes and no.  You were a week old at the time.  I was one of your gift givers.  Well, Flo and I.  Speaking of…” she says, glancing over her shoulder.
“Florence!” Astra gasps.  “I thought you were dead!”
Flo nods.  “Oh, yes.  I was.  For a bit.  Good to see you, Princess Astra.”
Astra’s jaw drops.  I take her hand in mine and the fairies gasp.
“What?” I ask, holding up our hands.  “I can’t hold her hand.”  Even Rayne looks troubled.  Why?  I am just holding her hand.
“You two…” she says, her voice fading.
“What?” I ask impatiently.
Astra squirms uncomfortably under their gaze and pulls her hand from mine.  I look at her.  “What?” I ask again.
Moonshine flies over and swats us apart with her wand, shooing me away.  “Over there, crow.”
I move, but I pout.  Stupid fairies.
Rayne flutters over and grabs Astra’s arm.  “Come, dear.  We have to talk.”  Astra gives me an apologetic look as she is led away.
Flo flies for me.  “I think you are here to ask for my help with the war, are you not?” she asks.
I bow.  “Yes.”
“Walk with me,” she says.  I walk, she flies as we head across the field.  Behind me, the fairies are still giving me the oddest look.  It almost looks like… disgust.  What did I do?  It’s worse than the first time I was here.
“Malexia’s army marches on Dawnfell,” I say.
“We know,” Flo responds.
“Will you help us?” I ask.
She closes her eyes, tapping her wand in the palm of her hand as she thinks.  When she opens them again, she shakes her head.  “No,” she says.
“But… this is your chance!  You’ve been fighting the crows for years,” I point out.  “Since the time of high magic.”
“It is no longer our war to fight,” she says.
“No longer your war?” I growl.  “Then whose war is it?”
“Mortals,” she replies easily.  She turns and flies on.  I stomp after her.
“Mortals?”
“They took over the lands of Auronia, and all that entails.  When we retreated to Windgarden, we swore off our old grudges.”
“But… Malexia was once one of you.  So was the Dark Sorceress.  Don’t you think you should…”
“Don’t you think you should hold your tongue,” Flo snaps, as she whirls on me, her wand sparking with her anger.  “Don’t presume to tell me what to do with my people.”
I balk.
She lowers to the ground, her wings flapping in an odd rhythm.  I watch her, but nothing about this seems to make sense.  I can not reconcile what I witnessed with the High Fairy and what the fairies have become.  I watched them battle valiantly against the Raven Queen for centuries.
“We lost Auronia to the mortals,” she says, her back turned toward me.  I can barely make out her words.  “They wanted it, they can have it.  Vermin and all.”
“But…”  My mind reaches for what it needs.  “But, what about the three good fairies?  Your ancestors, right?  They helped the Rose House…”
Flo turns slowly.  “Yes, they helped break the curse.  And you know what happened after that?  You say you want the truth.  You don’t want to be bothered with our fairy tales.  Well, here it is.”  She flies for me, stopping inches from colliding with me.  I have to consciously still every muscle to keep from flinching.
“They didn’t need us anymore.  They married, became King and Queen, and forgot.  The fairy tale lived on, but when there is peace, there is no need for fairies.  They come crying to us when all hope is lost and what?  We are just expected to run off and risk our lives?”  Flo pulls back and lowers to the ground once more.  “They always want their happy endings.  But what about us?”
But, fairies are creatures of light.  I always thought they were always happy.  I see the desolation in her eyes and I instantly know that is naïve.  I also know that Flo has her reasons for her unhappiness.  Mortal reasons.
A crow can always recognize a broken heart.
“The princess must wake the prince.  The House of Rose will face the House of Crow and the fate of Auronia will be decided.  We will not interfere.”
“We will fight,” I agree.  “But we will do it without Vartan and his army.”  I turn and start to walk away.  There is nothing else for me here.  If they won’t help, then we will just have to do it ourselves.
“Don’t count on it,” Flo murmurs ominously.

~ 32 ~
Astra


“Princess,” the blue fairy says, “Please sit.  We must talk.”  With a wave of her wand, two short white stools appear, along with a table and a complete tea set.  She pours the tea.
I look around.  I don’t really have time for tea right now.  Besides, the bread from this morning sits heavy in my stomach and after that wild ride up into the clouds, I am hesitant to eat or drink anything.
“Sit,” the fairy repeats.
I do as she says.  She passes me a cup of tea.
“I am Rayne.  You met my sister, Flo?”
I nod.  “You mentioned, you…”
“…gave you gifts, yes.  When you were a baby.  We did the usual beauty, grace, anti-dirt spell, voice of a songbird, the works…”
I frown.  “I am not beautiful.”
She laughs.  “Dear, it is never that kind of beauty that we gift.  It is a spell.  You are the most beautiful woman in the world to your true love.  To everyone else, well… that’s up to nature.  But,” she says, reaching for a cookie, “you are decently pretty.  I don’t know why you are complaining.”
I open my mouth and close it.
“Now,” she says, setting down her teacup with a porcelain ting.  “I have something quite serious to discuss with you.”
I swallow a gulp of tea and hide behind my cup.
“You… eh, how shall I put it,” she says, glancing up at the clouds, “have become involved with the crow, have you not?”
I blush.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” she says simply, tapping her wand on the table.  “Oh dear, oh dear.”
“What?” I ask.  “What is so wrong about…”
“He’s dead, Astra.”
I glance away.  “I know.”
Her wings flutter and she raises off of her chair a few inches.  “You know?  And yet you…”  She shakes her head.  “Dreadful.”
I take another sip of tea, still unable to meet her eyes.
“Do you love him?” she asks.
“I…”  I set my cup down, staring into its heart as if it could reflect the contents of my own.  “I honestly don’t know.  I thought…”  I look up.  “I thought I knew.  But now…”  Do I love him?
“Oh, thank goodness,” she sighs.  “I can answer that easily for you.  You do not.  You would know, wouldn’t you?  If you loved him, that is…”
That makes some sense.  I should know, right?  Maybe…
She leans over the table, conspiratorially.  “You have no future with him.  He can not give you children.  There is no happy ending for you two.  When Malexia falls, so will he.  The dark mists are the only thing keeping him alive now, and when her power fades, so shall he.”
I pale.  I never realized that before.  Does Corvus know?  How can he fight her, knowing what fate awaits him?  “Corvus…” I whisper.
She puts her hand on mine.  “You see now, why you can not love him?  But all is not lost.  Vartan is your destiny.  Wake him, ride with his army and defeat Malexia.”
“And Corvus…”
The fairy sits back.  “Will die.  But do not despair.  He was dead long ago.  His end is inevitable.”
Inevitable…
I stare into my tea.  Is it truly inevitable?  Is there no way?  I can’t doubt the word of a fairy.  They are experts in happiness.  I don’t know what to do.  I am lost.
“Now, about Vartan…” she begins.
I shake my head.  “Malexia’s army will reach us tomorrow,” I say.  “Even if I…”
“Tomorrow?” the fairy chuckles, pouring more tea.  “Her army will reach the castle in a matter of hours.”
Raising my cup to my lips, I pale and drop it.  It shatters, spraying tea and china in every direction.  The fairy tsks me and with a wave of her wand, the mess is cleaned up and I have a new cup.  I ignore it.
“No!  We aren’t ready.  I must warn my army,” I say, jumping to my feet.
“But we have to talk about the prince,” she insists.
I run.  “Corvus!” I call, searching the plateau for signs of him.  I see him across the way, talking with Florence.  “Corvus, we have to go!”
He looks up and runs to me.  Florence stops, midsentence and watches him go.  When he reaches me, I see that something is off in his eyes.  He rests his hands on my arms.  “What happened?” he asks, breathless.
“It’s Malexia’s army,” I say.  “I was wrong.  They will reach the castle in mere hours.  We are out of time!”
Corvus nods, his face grim, which is something for the already broody crow.
“What?” I ask.  “They’ll help us, won’t they?”
He shakes his head slowly.  My heart falls into the pit of my stomach.  “But… but, we’ll lose…”
“No, we won’t,” he counters, pulling me close.  He kisses the top of my head.  “I will fight for you, Astra.  Malexia will never get near you.”
I cuddle against him, feeling his heartbeat.  If we lose, I lose him.  If we win, I lose him.  The fairy is right.  We have no future.

~ 33 ~
Corvus


I hold Astra close.  I never want to let her go.  There is too much out there that can hurt her.  Despite my words, I don’t know if I can really challenge Malexia.  But, I do know I would give whatever remains of my wretched half-life in one of my fleeting heartbeats to save her.  Maybe that will be enough.
I hope it is.  It is all I have to give.
I help Astra onto Leopold and slap the horse on the backside.  He gives me an unappreciative look and snorts before he races off the plateau and into the clouds.
I move to Vesuvius and mount up, watching Astra vanish.
“You know there is no point to all of this, don’t you?” Rayne asks me.  I look down at the blue fairy.
“Point or not, I can’t believe that you and your kind are refusing to help.  Are you really willing to stand by and watch as Malexia invades Dawnfell?”
Rayne blinks.  Is that… surprise?  Did she not know her sister’s plan?
I don’t know and I don’t care.  Stupid fairies.  What made me think we could count on them for help?  I turn Vesuvius, readying to fly.
“Why?” she asks.
“Why what?” I counter impatiently.
“You are a crow,” she says.  “You know the girl is destined for the Rose boy.  They will have children that will bring peace to all of Auronia.  Yet you, a creature of darkness, a thing of death… you won’t let her be free.”
I shudder.  Freedom is a great gift… easily taken for granted and even more easily taken away…   I see a peek of her through the clouds and my worries ease.
“It is me who is trapped,” I say.  “I was caught in her spell the first moment I saw her.  She is simply the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.”  Without another word, Vesuvius jumps into the air and Windgarden vanishes behind us in the clouds.
We fly fast.  Dawnfell appears below us and I see instantly that the fairies were right.  Malexia’s army has moved quicker than Astra expected.  Looking now, I can see why.
They undoubtedly made the mistake of sending men to slow them down.
While that strategy would have worked for any other military force, it was the worst thing anyone could have done in this situation.  But, no one would know that but me.  After all, it is my force attacking Dawnfell.
The reason why this was a strategic disaster is simply this.  Dawnfell’s forces fight, and the men who are killed or captured are then turned, adding to the invading force.  Sending a man out to stop them is only sending a man to join their ranks.  The only army that stands a chance against it is the Rose Army.
It isn’t that the Rose Army is particularly talented or well trained.  They are protected by an ancient magic.  Their hearts are shielded by a spell as long as someone of royal blood fights with them.  They inspire their men to greatness, and their magic protects them from Malexia’s manipulation.
You can only fight magic with magic.  The Rose House has its protection.  The fairies could stand a chance, but they won’t lift a wand.  The only magic left, it appears, is me.
We circle the castle to land.  Men wait for us there, some in armor, some in the garb of scholars unused to battle.  Astra’s advisors.  As soon as she is on the ground, she talks with them in an animated fashion.  I see her face pale as they give her the bad news.
I realize in that moment, Astra must have been the one to give the orders.
I land and before I know it, a burly armor clad man with thinning hair has pulled his sword and presses the edge to my throat.  I stiffen and straighten up.  Vesuvius shuffles nervously under me.
“Crow!” the soldier yells.  “How dare you set foot on our land?”
“He is with me,” Astra calls.  “Put your sword down, Marcus,” she orders.  Her eyes are clear.  An air of authority surrounds her.  She will be a magnificent queen.  I stare at her, unable to take my eyes away.  I never realized it was possible for her to get more beautiful, but here she stands, in complete command of those that control her army.
Marcus lowers his sword, eyeing me warily.
I dismount.  Vesuvius eyes the men, then looks at me.  “I’ll be just overhead if you need me,” she whispers.  I pet her neck.  She neighs and takes to the sky, joining Leopold in the air.
I follow Astra and her advisors into the castle, staying in the back of the crowd, letting her take the lead.  From what I overhear, they learned quickly of their mistake and losses were minimal.  However, the army still advanced faster than predicted.  They turn and head into a massive hall.  I see the tables and chairs.  Do people dine here?  Crow Castle doesn’t have a dining hall.  I start to look around and a guard stops me from entering.
“I am with her,” I say.
“Princess Astra is discussing troupe movements with her advisors,” the guard replies.  “It would not be appropriate for a representative of the enemy to preside.”
Representative of the enemy?  I roll my eyes and back off.  Instead, I roam the halls just outside, waiting.  I stare at the tapestries and wall décor.  Eventually, I sink to the floor and stare at my feet.
The army will be here soon, yet I sit here on the stone floor, waiting.  I pull out my cards and run through them.  They will be my only weapons in the upcoming battle.  The only things truly capable of protecting Astra.
I come across The Lovers card.  I stare.  I am jealous.  They are together, forever.  Why can they have their happiness, when I can not?
“Corvus,” I hear Astra call.
I hide the card and pocket the deck.  I look up.  She is smiling.  In the midst of this war, surrounded by death, with little hope, she stands before me, smiling as if we were once again alone in the woods.
I clear my throat and get to my feet.  “I was just… uh, waiting…” I say.
“Will you come with me?” she asks.  “There is something I need to do.  I couldn’t do it before, but with you here, maybe… I may find my strength.”
I nod wordlessly.  She takes my hand and leads me down the hall.  I recognize the door from her dreams.  “Are you sure?” I ask.  I know how much this room terrifies her.  Why would she want to do this to herself here, now?
She nods.  Her lower lip quivers as she reaches for the door with her free hand.  Her fingers grip mine, seeking strength.  She pushes the door open and we walk in slowly.
Tears well in her eyes, making them sparkle, even in their despair.  Yet, she does not cry.  She raises her chin defiantly and crosses the room.
There is a pause in her step when she reaches the thrones.  She turns to me, raising up on her toes and kisses me fiercely.  I lean away, stilted and awkward.  It isn’t right to feel what I feel for her in this place.  She lets go of my hand and throws her arms around my neck, pulling me to her.  I can not hold back any longer.  She needs me.  I wrap my arms around her waist and close my eyes, kissing her back.
Her kiss tastes of salt.  I open my eyes to find her crying, tears pouring down her face even as she kisses me.  I pull back.
Astra lets me go.  She wipes the tears from her eyes and turns back to the thrones.  One step at a time, she approaches them.  There is no more fear, no more hesitation.  I remain in place.
She runs her fingers over the armrests of her father’s throne.  She glances at the matching one beside it and draws a steadying breath.  Then, she turns and sinks onto the throne.
Such a simple action, but I know now I am witnessing the bravest act I will ever see in my life.
We stay there for a moment, in silence.
The door bursts open.  I turn.  A guard runs in.  I recognize him from earlier.  “Princess!” he calls.  He spots her on the throne.  I can tell he is surprised, but also a bit relieved to see her here.  It’s as if somehow, one thing at the very least has been made right in this world.  But soon, his pressing duty reminds him to speak.  “The… the Crow army has reached Bastion Ridge!  Lt. General Marcus reports all forces heading to engage the enemy.”
Astra nods.  The guard bows and leaves quickly.  I can see the mix of emotions on her face reflecting her war within.  She moves to rise, but I catch her.  Our eyes meet.  With a bit of pressure from my hands, she sinks back onto the throne.
“You need to stay here,” I say.
“But, the war!” she counters.
“Let your men fight.  I will join them.  But, I can’t fight with a clear head if you are out there in danger.  I need you safe.”  I pull out my cards and flip through.  I know which ones I am looking for.  Protection.   I lay them at her feet and turn them to establish the barrier.  Malexia will never be able to touch her now, mists or no mists.
“But…” she tries.
I silence her protest with a kiss.  I pour everything I am into it.  If it is our last, I want it to be worth it.
“Stay,” I order.
She nods and sits back in the throne as I rush from the room.  I look at my remaining cards.  There are some decent spells here.  I still have the trick that the fairies taught me, if I can visualize quick enough.  I sprint out to the front of the castle and my jaw drops.
The army hasn’t grown two-fold.  It is easily ten times the size of what it was under my command.  Vacant, slack-jawed minions shuffle towards me, shoulder to shoulder, like an impenetrable wall of death.
The wind catches my cards, blowing them out of my hand and carrying them away on the breeze.
I was wrong.  I was so very wrong.

~ 34 ~
Astra


He is gone.  I am here, alone in the throne room, protected once again as people outside fight and die for me.  This is not what I wanted.  But how can I refuse him?  That look in his eyes… that kiss…
“Princess!” Florence says.
I jump.  When did the red fairy get here?
“What are you doing here?” she asks.
“I think the more appropriate question is, what are you doing here?  Tell me you have come to help!” I say, my voice urgent and laden heavy with desperation.
Florence nods.  “Of course!  I will help you get to Rose Castle, where you…”
“Rose Castle?” I ask.  “But, we…”
“Why have you not gone to wake the prince?” Florence asks.  “Malexia’s army attacks!”
“But, Corvus told me that…”
“The crow?” the fairy scoffs.  “You listen to that servant of Malexia?  What did he say to sway you?”
“He may be a crow, but he is out there fighting,” I snap, pointing out the windows at the raging battle.  “Which is more than I can say for you.”
Florence flutters back a foot.  “I see,” she says.  She waves her wand in soft circles in the air as she speaks.  “Would you care to see how he is faring, then?”
“I…”
An image forms.  It is the battle outside.  Corvus is surrounded by a hundred men.  He fights valiantly, but it is clear it is only a matter of time before he falls.  A member of his attack force shoves a spear straight into his shoulder.  I stifle a cry.  Corvus staggers back and tugs the spear loose from his shoulder.  Black blood pours from the wound.  He flips the spear around in his hand expertly, using its point to keep the enemy at bay.  With each swing taking down three enemies, but four more take their places.
The image fades, replaced by another similar scene.  The men of the Dawnfell army fall, only to rise again for the opposition.  My forces dwindle as Malexia’s grows.  I shudder as Marcus fights off two of his best men, turned during the fight.  It isn’t just the enemy anymore.  We are fighting our own.
“You can save them,” Florence says as the image vanishes.
“The Rose Army,” I say, gripping the armrests of the throne.
“Yes,” the fairy nods.  “Only they are capable of resisting Malexia.  With the prince leading them into battle, your victory would be assured.”
I think of all those men, forced to fight against their will in Malexia’s army.  But now, staring our defeat in the face, I can not sacrifice the lives of the last of my men in the hopes the others may be freed one day.  Who will be left to free them if we fall?
The fairy is right.  We need the Rose Army.  I must wake Vartan.

~ 35 ~
Corvus


My spells aren’t working.  Why is my magic failing me, in my hour of need?  I fight and fight, but I will soon fall.  There is only so much I can do and there are simply too many of them.
I fall to my knees.  A reanimated hunter shoots two arrows at me.  I catch the first, aimed at my head, but the second finds it goal, piercing my heart.  Pain sears my chest as I stagger back to my feet.  I pull the arrow from my chest and drop it to the ground.
“My poor son.”
Malexia’s voice fills the air.  I shudder in repulsion.  The army pulls back as black mist rolls in.  She appears before me in a grand black cloak, dressed for battle.
“My poor misguided son,” she says, running a red nail down my cheek.  I am frozen.  Even if I wanted to move, I could not.  How did I ever think I could go against her?
“How could you do this to your mother?” she asks, wrapping her hands around my throat.
“You aren’t my mother,” I counter.
  Her hand tightens, the nails biting into my skin, but I do not flinch.  “How dare you?  After all I have given you!” she snarls.
“Mothers give life,” I gasp, narrowing my eyes.  “You took mine at the point of a knife when I was eight.”
Malexia narrows her eyes in return.  “You are mine.”  Her fingers slowly tighten.  “Forever.”
“I love her, Mother,” I say.  I meet her eyes.  Even if she kills me now, I’ve said it.  I see it strike her like a blow.
She reels back and storms around me.  “It isn’t love, you foolish child.  It is lust,” she hisses.  “You are not capable of love.”
“No,” I say, shaking my head.  “I love her and she loves me.”
She glares at me.  Her frown contorts into a twisted smile.  I shift.  I try to tell myself that there is nothing she can do to Astra.  She is safe.  I made sure of it.  Yet, her look says that despite my best efforts, I am wrong.
“Tell me, then.  Where is your beloved now?” she asks.
I tense.  Is this a trick?  “Safe from you,” I say.  She will not coax me into giving away her location.  I would never risk Astra for my pride.
She raises a single eyebrow.  With one motion of her elegant hand, the mist is called to her hands and an image appears.
I see Astra, but she is not in the throne room.  She is at Rose Castle.

~ 36 ~
Astra


I find myself back in Vartan’s room before I am ready.  The entire flight over, aided by the speed of magic, I tried to prepare myself for my task.  But, standing by his bed, I wonder now if this is the right thing to do.
I look up at Florence.  She nods and leaves the room.
I realize, this isn’t for myself.  I no longer matter.  I close my eyes and lean in.  My lips are on his, but he does not waken.  Love, my mind reminds me as the turtle’s voice echoes through the air.  I think of my parents.  I think of Temis.  I think of Myna.  But it isn’t enough to trick the spell.
I open my eyes and pull back.  I can’t fail again.  My people are counting on me.  I press my lips against his again in desperation.  My lips themselves scream at the wrongness of this kiss.  There is no love.  I remember Corvus, as do my lips, leaning in to give me that final kiss on the thone.  It all becomes clear in that moment.  I can not love Vartan, because I am hopelessly in love with Corvus.
Suddenly, I am being kissed back.  I open my eyes, shocked to find Vartan kissing me vigorously.  I pull back and he grins, his green eyes sparkling wickedly.
“Astra,” he says.  “Well, isn’t this a nice way to wake up?  Couldn’t wait for our wedding day?”
I jerk away and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand.  “You’re awake!”
“Who wouldn’t wake up to that?” he asks, sitting up on one arm.
I blush.
He jumps to his feet and crosses the room towards me.
My mind is reeling.  I love Corvus.  I know that now.  I knew it all along.  It was the power of that love… true love… that woke Vartan.  Why couldn’t I see it before?  I am such a fool.
His words come back to me now.  If you are worried that your feelings… that what happened between us last night was the result of dark magic, then you don’t know yourself well enough.  Corvus knew before I did.
Vartan pins me against the wall.  “Wow, Astra.  You’ve grown up decent looking.  And you certainly can kiss,” he says.  He picks up a lock of my hair and casually runs it through his hand.  He looks at me intently.  I have seen that look on Corvus and I know where it leads.  “Want to pick back up where we left off?” he purrs seductively.
“No, no, no,” I say, as a slip under his arms and flee to the other side of the room.  “You were cursed,” I explain.  “I… just broke the spell.”
“The kiss of true love?” he asks.
I nod.
“Sweet,” he grins.  “Now let’s get to some true…”
I press my eyes together as tight as possible and yell as quickly as I can, “MALEXIA’S ARMY IS ATTACKING DAWNFELL AS WE SPEAK AND IF YOU DON’T HURRY A LOT OF PEOPLE WILL DIE.”  Silence.  I crack open one eye.
“Well, why didn’t you say so?” he says.
I heave a sigh of relief.  He catches me unaware and pulls me in, bending me backwards and kissing me fiercely.  When he pulls back, my head is spinning.
“I’ll go kill me some crows, then I come back and marry you,” he says.  He plants a last peck on my lips as I remain dazed in shock.  He lets me go and walks from the room.  I fall flat onto the floor.
“Prince Vartan,” Florence bows.
“Hey, Flo!” he says happily.  “I am off to kill some crows.”
“As it should be,” she says, watching him descend the stairs.
I blink at the door, my shattered mind slowly coming back to me in pieces.  He looks so happy, going off to war.  Off to kill some crows…
All the blood drains from my face when I realize what is about to happen.  He doesn’t just mean Malexia.  Vartan is going to kill Corvus, too.
I gasp and put a hand to my lips.  What have I done?

~ 37 ~
Corvus


“You see?” Malexia says softly.  She closes her hand and the black mist disappates.  “Only the kiss of true love can wake the prince.”
“No,” I say.  “This is a trick.”
“It is no trick,” she says.  “You have witnessed it with your own eyes.”
“No,” I say again.  A pain rips through my chest, ten times more powerful than the arrow wound.  I feel my heart under my hand slow to a stop.  I cringe and bend over.  A cold like I have never felt before, even in death, envelopes and consumes me where I stand.
“Well…” Malexia takes my chin and forces it up to look at her.  “My, my.  You did love her, didn’t you?”
I let out a cry.  The pain is unbearable.  I feel as if I am being ripped in two.
“Poor boy.  You loved her and now your heart breaks,” she says, releasing me.  “Let it break.  Let the darkness devour you.  Let your broken heart fuel your power.”
I collapse onto the ground and curl into a ball, writhing in agony.  Astra…  Astra…
Malexia cackles, raising her hands to the sky.  “Rise again as the magnificent crow you were meant to be.”
My sense, my reason, my self drains from my body just as life once left me.  I try to cling to it.  I latch on to my memories, not wanting to let any of it go, but it all leaves me.  I am plunged into despair so deeply I don’t know if I will ever find a way out.
There is silence.  I open my eyes and see the world anew.  The pain is gone.  Thoughts of Astra are gone, along with thoughts of remorse or revenge.  All that is left is a single purpose.
Make them suffer.
I get to my feet.  I can feel the power radiating around me.  Not just around me, it pulses through me, beating as my heart once did.  In fact, it originates from me.
Malexia beams with pride.  “My son,” she says.
I turn away from her coldly.  I don’t need her anymore.  I don’t need anyone.  Her power pales when compared to mine now.   I could defeat her as easily as flicking a flea.  But, the desire to do so is gone, vanished like a wisp of smoke on the breeze.
The minions before me, however, irritate me.  Every single one an eyesore.  I hold out my hand and a forceful wind blows them all into the trees, out of sight.
“Perfect!” Malexia cackles.  “Now, we shall…”
I turn, heading into the castle.
“Corvus!” she calls.  “Corvus!  Where are you going?”
I pick up a sword with the tip of my foot and kick it into the air, catching it with ease.  As I move, I easily slice anybody unlucky enough to get in my way, regardless of side.  They fall.  They all fall.
I kick open the doors.  There are a few guards, but I dispatch them easily.  I reach the throne room and stride up to the thrones, settling myself in the king’s chair.  I lay the sword on my lap and close my eyes to wait.
The mists allow my mind to stretch out beyond my own perceptions.  I see the battle raging outside.  Beyond the battle, Vartan rides at the head of his army, coming for Malexia.  Coming for me.
Let him come.

~ 38 ~
Astra


I have to warn Corvus.
The words repeat over and over in my mind.  I rush to call to Leopold, but when I go to throw open the window, I find that it is blocked by Malexia.
“Princess Astra, the last Star,” she greets me.
I take a step back.  I search the room for something, anything that can be used as a weapon, but there is nothing.
“I must thank you for the gift you have given me,” she purrs as she descends into the room.  “What can I do to repay your… kindness?”  The word slithers out of her mouth.
I shiver.  “Stay away from me,” I say.
Malexia puts her hands together, tapping her nails.  “No, no.  I insist.  You have given me so much.  You have returned my son to me, more powerful and more determined than he ever could have been before you broke his heart.  You have sent Vartan right into my trap and you have given me Auronia after all…” she pulls in close, “these…” she pinches my chin, “years.”
“Corvus?” I ask, my heart fluttering.  “What have you done to Corvus?”
“Oh, no,” she says, pulling back and putting a hand on her chest, “I can not take the credit.  You are a marvel, my dear.  A force of nature.  See for yourself,” she says.
Malexia raises her hand and the mists swirl at her command, showing me an image of Star Castle.  I gasp.  It is the throne room.
There Corvus sits with a sword in his lap, on my father’s throne.  His eyes look cold, his look determined.  There is blood on his sword, sprays of red and black.
“Corvus!” I scream.  He can not hear me.  He stares ahead, lifeless.  What have I done?  I wanted to save him, not doom him!  I have failed him.  I have failed them all.
“There we go!” she says happily, closing her hand.  “The last piece of the puzzle.”  She pulls me close, wrapping her arm around me.  I feel heavy, dead inside.  “You know, you were one tough nut to crack.  But here we are, at the end, together.  Let’s get your poor little shattered heart to its final resting place.”
She latches onto me and leaps out of the window.  The black mist catches us and spirits us off to Shadowspire.  When it clears, I am once again below Crow Castle, in the room with the thrones.  I find myself sitting in the throne etched with a star as Malexia moves to the middle of the circle of thrones.  I look around, my mind hazy.  I see the Rose Queen and beside her, Serena of the House of Chalice, where we left them.  The last thone is occupied by the Raven Queen.  She stares at me, her eyes sparkling in anticipation through their withered shell.  She smiles.
Malexia casts each card in sequence.  Once mine is set, she turns to the Raven Queen.  “I have gathered them all,” she says proudly.  “Auronia is ours for the taking.”  She casts her arms out, gathering the mists around the Raven Queen.
“Rise!  Rise again and take back all that was once rightfully yours!” Malexia cries.
I feel pressure in my chest, draining the life from me.  I try to move, but I can not even lift a finger.  A terrible scream splits the air.  The lights go out.
Slowly, the glow returns.  Malexia has collapsed into a pile.  Her breathing is quick and rasping.
The Raven Queen rises slowly and the mists clear, leaving her renewed.  She is once again beautiful, terrifying and powerful.  She crouches next to Malexia, petting her hair.  “You have done well,” she says.
“Thank… thank you, my queen,” Malexia gasps.  “Please… the pain…”
“You should be proud of the pain.  Embrace it,” the Raven Queen purrs.  “It is proof of the great feat of high magic you have performed.”
“Ye… yes, my queen,” Malexia manages.
“Rest,” the Raven Queen says.  “I have much to do.”
Malexia nods and passes out.  The Raven Queen rises and turns slowly to look at me.
“Yes,” she says.  “Much to do.”

~ 39 ~
Corvus


The room around me lies strewn with the bodies of those foolish enough to approach me.  I do not hear their words, or their cries as I dispose of them and cast them aside with the others.
I wait.
The bold prince charges into the throne room.  He pales at what he sees.  “You kill your own men, crow?” he asks.
I shrug.  “I have no men,” I say.
“Then why do you fight?” he asks.
I shrug.  “I have no reason,” I say.
The prince shifts his stance, lowering his sword.  “Then why are you here?”
I rise from the throne, raising my own sword level with his eyes.  “I am here for you, Prince Vartan of the House of Rose.”
“Well,” the prince says with a crooked grin of challenge, “What a coincidence.  I am here for you, Crow.  Looks like it’s our lucky day.”
“Lucky for one of us,” I say, stepping down from the throne slowly, “Not so much for the other.”  We begin to circle each other, trying to spot a weakness.  I see many, but I toy with him, waiting to see how long our neutrality can last.
Just as I suspect, he lunges too early.  I move out of the way with ease, but I wait until the last minute to make it look like it was close.  I want him to think he has a chance, if only for a few minutes more.  I want him to suffer.
He turns and swipes at me again.  I move, but this time, I lift my sword and gently nick the tendon of his sword hand.  He drops the blade.
“Oh, well now,” I say as he holds his hand.  “That’s bad luck.  Come on.  Pick it back up and we will try again.”
He reaches down and I move quick, brushing his cheek with the flat of the blade.  A chunk of blonde hair falls to the ground, but I am careful not to cut him.  Not yet.
I cock my head to the side and watch as he raises his sword.  He is shaking now.  Pure terror.  Yet, he is still willing to fight.  How interesting.
Well, time to let him think he’s got a sporting chance.
He lunges at me and I let the blade find its mark.  It sinks into my belly and he cries out in triumph.  I look down at him.  “One for you,” I say.
The prince looks up at me, his eyes wide in shock.
“Now,” I say, drawing back off the blade.  I whirl with deadly speed and accuracy and slice him across the cheek.  Blood drips from the cut.  “One for me.”
He reels back, unsure of how to proceed.  “You are a demon,” he hisses.
“I am a crow,” I respond as I step back and sit down once more in the throne, all the while not taking my eyes from his.
I close my eyes, shutting him out and wait.

~ 40 ~
Astra


When I regain consciousness, the room is pitch black.  I can still hear Malexia’s rasping breaths echoing through the air.  She is only feet from me, but she no longer what I fear.
“Astra,” a voice whispers in the darkness.  A blue light ignites and fills the room.  I glance over, but I can’t believe what I see.  Is this a dream?  The blue fairy from Windgarden… Rayne, yes, that was her name, is flying towards me.
“Astra,” she says again, relief clear in her voice.  Her features darken when she sees my state.  “What has she done to you?” she asks.
“The Raven Queen,” I manage to say.  I feel weak, so very weak, as if my life has been siphoned away.  I don’t even think I can lift a finger now.
“Oh, what a fool I was!” she cries.  “I knew I should have come immediately, but I just couldn’t believe that Flo… oh, nevermind that now.  Here.”  She puts an arm under me and lifts me, but I have no energy left to keep myself upright and we fall to the floor.
“Where… where do you think… you are going?” Malexia rasps from the ground.
“Quiet, Mel,” Rayne snaps, scrambling to her feet.
“Mel?” I ask.
“Melody… Malexia…” Rayne replies.  “It’s a long story.”  She waves her wand and I am lifted by an unseen magical force to my feet.  I stumble, but manage to lean on the fairy to stay upright.  She flutters, struggling to stay in the air and support me at the same time.
“I am so sorry, Astra.  This is all my fault,” she confesses.  “I knew my sister wasn’t right, but this?”  She starts to lead me to the stairs.
I pull back.  “What about the others?” I ask.  “The Rose Queen and Serena?”
“We’ll be back for them.  Right now, your love is in danger,” she reminds me.
“I don’t love Vartan,” I say.
Rayne winces.  “I know that now.”
“How do you know?” I ask.
She smiles, a hint of sadness in her eyes detectable even in the low light.  “I cast a spell on you when you were a baby,” she admits.
“I know,” I say.
“No,” she stops me, “You don’t know.  It’s Corvus… he is your true love.  He sees you like no other.  That is the effect of the spell.  He loves you, Astra.”
“I know,” I say again.
Rayne turns.  “But how do you know?” she asks me.  “I told you…”
“I know what you told me.  I know what everyone has told me all along.  But, nothing can change the way I feel about him.  Besides,” I smile, “I was thinking of him when Vartan woke.  If that isn’t a clear case of true love, I don’t know what is.”
Rayne laughs.  “My dear,” she says.  “Can you ever forgive a pompous fairy?”
My legs wobble beneath me.  “I think I can,” I say, “if you can manage to get me out of here and back to Corvus in one piece.”
“Let’s see what a little magic can do for us, shall we?” she says.  With a wave of her wand, we are whisked up the stairs and out the front doors in a blast of wind.
Vesuvius, the black pegasus, is waiting.  Rayne lowers to the ground, breathing heavily.
“Are you okay?” I ask.
She nods, her hand on her chest.  “I just… overexerted myself… I’ll be fine in a minute.”
I mount Vesuvius and lower my hand.  “Come on,” I say.
“I can fly… in a few…”
“Come on,” I insist.
She eyes me and nods, scrambling up on the pegasus.  As soon as she is situated in front of me, Vesuvius flies into the sky.  With a last wave of her wand, Rayne gives us a magical boost and we soar towards Dawnfell at breakneck speed.
Corvus… I just hope we are in time.
“I can’t apologize enough.  We… we should have come to your aide against Malexia.  But, my sister rules, and she forbade any interf…”
Vesuvius rears, almost knocking us from her back.  I cling to her mane, holding us to her back.
Florence has appeared before us, fluttering coolly in the air.  “That is right, sister.  I rule.  And I will not have you interrupt my plans.”
“Your plans?” I growl.
“Correct, princess.  Let Malexia gather her army.  Wake the prince and set him loose against her.  Let mortal fight mortal until they are all wiped from the face of Auronia.  Then watch as Malexia falls, leaving the fairies the land we were born to.”
“You are mad,” Rayne hisses at her sister.
“Ignore her,” Florence tells me.  “She never had the stomach for rule.”  She flutters over and puts a hand on my shoulder.  “You know, you really should thank me,” she says.  “Mortal men can not be trusted.  They only break your heart.”
I ball my hand into a fist and punch the fairy square in the jaw.  She flutters back in shock.  I shake my hand.
“Vesuvius!” I shout.  The black pegasus rears back, her hooves flaming as she slams them both into Florence, hurtling her through the air.  She plummets to the forest below, a ball of fire, falling out of sight.  Impressive.  How come Leopold can’t do that?  I reach down and pat the horse’s neck.
“We must stop this war,” I say.
Rayne still stares below us at the forest below where her sister has fallen.  “I will help you where I can, Astra.  I owe you that much for the wrong we have done you.”
“Come on,” I say.  Vesuvius charges ahead and soon, we are over Dawnfell.
The forest below is charred as the army has cut its path to my doorstep.  The castle appears in the distance and soon, I can see the fight.  Vesuvius circles high over the battle as I crane my neck to see what is going on below.
Malexia’s force has grown far beyond what I witnessed only days ago.  Members of my own army swell her ranks.  I wonder, of those that oppose us now, how many are merely puppets and how many are lost forever?
Forces fight the invaders in determined little groups, their armor engraved with the golden star emblem.  Lt. General Marcus still lives, leading a small team of battle worn soldiers into the fray.
I cling tightly to Vesuvius as I watch an enemy archer set Marcus as his next target.  “Marcus!” I call, but he can not hear me from the height above the battle’s din.  I turn to Rayne.
“Please,” I ask.
She nods.  Pushing her sleeves up to her elbows, she readies her wand.  The arrow is loosed.  With a swirl, its path is turned, returning to its origin.  The archer lets out a cry and falls from his tree perch.  The arrow’s aim was true, embedded in his heart.
“Good shot,” I say.  “But there has to be more we can do.”
She nods and points.  “There,” she says.
At the back of the fighting armies, the Rose army is hacking its way forward.  The gold rose flashes at me, etched over their heart.  I squint my eyes trying to remember.  There was something important…
“Rayne,” I say, getting her attention.
She stops mid wand wave and crashes to enemies together mid air.  “Yes, dear?”
“The Rose army can stand against Malexia because of magic, right?”
“Yes,” she agrees.  “Magic…”
“…protects their hearts as long as a royal leads them into battle…” I finish, Flo’s words coming back.  “So Florence wasn’t lying?”
“Not about that,” Rayne agrees.
“If the Rose army stands with my men, will the same protection be granted to them?” I ask.
“Hmm,” Rayne says.  “They are allies… if unified, the magic could deem them the same force.”
“So, all I have to do is put them together,” I say.
Rayne nods.  “It just may work,” she agrees.
May work will have to do for now.  I turn Vesuvius and we fly off.
“Where are you going, Astra?” Rayne asks.  “The battle!”
“We’re going to Deepwell Caverns,” I counter.  Vesuvius flies with her newfound speed and we reach the caverns in minutes, but each minute is a lifetime when every second that ticks by could be another man lost.  I leap off her back and sprint into the cave.
“Princess Astra,” the turtle greets me.
“The first time we met, you performed an amazing feat of magic.  The ground rippled and all the animals moved about the room as easily as sailboats on a calm sea.”
He nods.  “That is one aspect of my power.”
“That is precisely what is needed.  The Rose army is protected by magic that my men desperately require, but they are on opposite sides of the enemy.  I need them put together.  Can you do it?”
“You ask much, princess.  I shall try,” he says.  “That is all I can promise.”
We fly back to the battle, with the ancient turtle following below on a curl of earth, pushing through the forest like wave.  Vesuvius drops low so I can survey the battle.  I spot General Faxhel and steer the pegasus towards his shining form amid the chaos below.
“General!  I’ve found a way to…” I call.
General Faxhel holds a spear, pinning Marcus to the ground.  Faxhel turned!  I leap from Vesuvius and crash into Faxhel.  I grip the spear and try in vain to wrangle it from his grasp.
“Princess!” Faxhel shouts.  “Let go!”
“No!” I counter.  “I won’t let you kill Marc…” I feel the pain slice my shoulder and turn.  Marcus has stabbed me with his gold dagger.  The same dagger my father once awarded him for bravery.  “You… you turned?” I ask.  His eyes are dull and unseeing.
Every fiber in my being feels the betrayal.  I always thought, at the very least, I could depend on Marcus.
Faxhel pushes me clear as Marcus stabs him in the leg.  “Get back to the castle, princess!” he begs.  He turns and charges Marcus, now limping.
This is no place for me.  I am no fighter.  I am only making things worse.  And here I thought Faxhel was a coward.  I thought Marcus couldn’t betray me.  I have a lot yet to learn.  The first of which, apparently, is learning where I am of the most use.
There is only one thing I can do now for my men.  I look over and find Rayne with the turtle.  I run to them.
“You’re hurt!” Rayne gasps.
“It’s nothing,” I say, holding the wound with my hand, trying to stop the bleeding.  “Can you do it?” I ask the turtle.
“Yes,” he agrees.  “But first, get into the air.”
“What?” I blink.
“I can not guarantee where you will end up when I do a shuffle, so the safest place for you is in the air,” he says.  “Now go.”
I nod and jump onto Vesuvius.
“You, too, fairy,” he says and Rayne rises into the air a few feet.
Then, very slowly, he begins to turn.  The ground below him shakes violently.  The men of the battle are shuffled around like figurines, the ground rippling below them like linens, as if the world were just the top of a child’s bed.
Weapons are cast aside as all the men grip their piece of ground in desperation.  When the turtle has completed his turn, the ground settles and the armies now fall into two distinctive lines: Rose and Star united against Crow.
The battle resumes, but this time, one by one, I watch as our forces advance together, beating the enemy into a retreat.  The enchanted animals join in, charging from the forest.  Their magic is small and varied, but it helps.  One man is saved from a stabbing when a magic duck diverts the blade into a nearby bush.  A pack of tree sprites descend on the enemy from the trees, blinding them by holding their eyelids closed.  Two of my footmen are saved by an enchanted bunny that bats the ground with his foot, causing the enemy to fall to the ground, where they are pounced upon by a variety of lesser feathered and furry opponents.
A handful of the enchanted creatures stay back, unable to fight, but I watch in awe as one by one, they purify a soul at a time, driving the mist from their blood.  Our forces begin to grow in numbers.
We are winning.  The tables have literally been turned.  My heart soars.
“We did it,” I whisper to Rayne.
“No,” she says.  “You did it.  You will make a fine queen, Astra.”
I nod my head in thanks and acceptance, unable to speak.  If only Corvus was here…
“Corvus!” I exclaim.  I search the crowds below for him, but he is nowhere to be found.  Come to think of it, I can’t seem to find Vartan anywhere, either.
“Rayne,” I say.  “Where is Corvus now?”
She waves her wand.  An image forms that freezes the blood in my veins.  Corvus and Vartan are fighting in the throne room.
This is the worst possible thing that could happen.  If Vartan dies, our forces will once again be susceptible to Malexia’s dark magic and our people will be turned against us.  We will fall.
But if I lose Corvus…  I will fall.
“Hurry,” I beg Vesuvius as we fly for the castle.

~ 41 ~
Corvus


The prince tires.  The blade shakes in his hand, not only from fear, but from the weakness in his muscles.  He is doomed.  I will never tire.
He lunges and I gently slice his leg.  He stumbles and we turn, our little dance continuing.  But it won’t last forever.  Soon, the music will stop, and only one of us will be left standing.  It is obvious now who will survive.  It is only a matter of time.
I am starting to bore.  I reach out and casually flick the back of his calf.  He drops to his knees and I return to the throne, where I sit and wait.
“Kneeling before me,” I say.  “Nice thought, but it won’t spare you.”
The prince struggles to his feet.  He really is impressive, for a mortal.  So many lesser men would have fallen, never to rise again by now.  Yet he continues to fight.  Still, he bores me.  I really should just end this.
“Why?” he asks.  “Why don’t you just kill me?  Don’t you think I know you are playing with me?”
“I want you to suffer,” I say.
“But, why?” he asks.  “What have I ever done to you?”
A memory floats to mind.  A girl.  I push it away.  I do not care for memories.  I do not care for anything.  “Nothing,” I say coldly.
“My suffering brings you happiness?” he asks, his weight supported by his sword.  His legs are shaking.
I narrow my eyes.  “Not particularly.”
“Then why?” he asks.
I shrug.  “Why not?” I ask.
He rears back with the last of his energy and throws his sword at me.  “Then, justice be done!” he cries as it flies towards me.  I roll my eyes and move to deflect it, but it cuts my blade in half and finds its mark.  It pierces my chest, pinning me to the throne.  I gasp.  I look down at the blade.  It glows.  Enchanted.  I can not even touch it to pull it away.
“Touché,” I murmur.
“Corvus!”
I look up.  A girl runs into the throne room.  Do I know her?  I seem to remember her from somewhere… long ago… far away… a forest.
I smile in release and hang my head as the world goes dark.

~ 42 ~
Astra


Corvus is there, sitting in my father’s throne, surrounded by death.  The scene would have shocked me days ago, reliving my loss of my parents, but now, I can not think beyond the loss of this moment.  The loss of my world.  Corvus…
“What have you done?” I scream at Vartan.
“I’ve killed the last crow,” he announces proudly.  He holds out his arms so I can run to him, but I push him out of the way, heading for the throne.
“Get… get off, you nasty bird!” Rayne cries, batting at Ptarax.
“You will not touch my master!” the crow counters.
“Your master is dead,” the fairy shouts.
The crow stops attacking and looks up.  “Master!”  He flies for the throne and perches overhead, staring down at Corvus.
“What do I do?” I ask the fairy, hesitant to touch him.  I stand nervously beside the throne, unable to move and unable to take my eyes off him.
“Well,” she says.  “He is dead.”
“I can see that,” I snap.  “What can I do about it?”
“Do?” she blinks.
“Fix it!” I shout.
She shakes her head.  “Dear, he died when he was eight.  His heart has been pierced by an enchanted blade.  Even the power of every fairy in Windgarden would not be enough to bring him back now.”
I sink to the ground slowly.  I lay my head on his leg.  “I was too late,” I say.
“Astra,” Vartan says.
“Out,” I say.
“Astra,” Rayne tries gently.
“Out!” I scream.  They nod and retreat, leaving us alone.  “Corvus,” I cry.  I look up at him.  He looks so peaceful.  I rise, drawn to him.  I press my lips to his, but he does not respond.  He is gone.
I sink to the floor.  The war is won.  Malexia has fallen by her own hand.  Her army is being beaten back beyond the boundaries of Dawnfell by Vartan’s men, combined with my own and the help of the enchanted creatures.  Why do I still feel like I have lost more than I have won?  What is my life without him?
My tears fall, making perfect little spheres of water that drop to the stone below.  I watch them fall, entranced.  It is the only sound in the room, even, like the patter of rain against a window during a storm.  I am alone with my tears, and the body of the man I love.
I shift as my foot slips on something.  I move my leg and find a card that he had used only a few hours ago to protect me.  And what did I do?  I abandoned that protection, broke us both and killed him as assuredly as if I had held the sword myself.
The card I hold is Judgement.
I look down around me at the other cards.  Suddenly, I remember, there may be hope left.  “Where is it?” I say, searching the floor, searching his pockets.
Ptarax flies out of the throne room.  I pay no attention.  He must have it on him somewhere.  I pull the sword from his chest and he slumps over.  I put my hands under his arms and pull, falling backwards under his weight.  I drag him away from the throne, kicking aside the bodies of the fallen to get some room.  The wound in my arm aches from the knife blade, but I ignore it as I roll him over and continue my search.
Caw.  Caw.  I look up and Ptarax lands with a card in his beak.  I take it from him and carefully turn it over.  It is the Death Card.
“Thank you,” I say.  He nods.
I put it on his chest and turn it.  Nothing happens.  “Why won’t it work?” I cry.
“Relax, princess,” Ptarax says calmly.  “I will help.”
I nod gratefully.  He looks into my eyes.  “You love him.”  It isn’t a question, it is a statement.  I nod.  “Think of him when you turn the card.  If your thoughts are strong enough, you will pull him from death.  But if you are weak, death will pull you.”
A shiver runs down my spine, but I am resolute in my path.  I take a deep breath, one last look at the crow, then I bend down and press my lips to his as I turn the card.

~ 43 ~
Corvus


“Come back to me.”
There is a voice calling me in the darkness.  I feel a pull towards it, a sort of compulsion.
“Please,” the voice begs.  “Come back to me.”
The voice sounds so sad.  Why does it sound sad?  There is nothing to be sad about, not anymore.  This is a place of peace.  I haven’t felt peace in so long.  I curl into the darkness.  It is like embracing a long lost friend.
“Corvus.”
A memory floats past.  A forest.  Leaves dancing in a light breeze.  A smile.  Warmth.  The memory disappears, but the warmth remains.
“Corvus.  I love you.  I’ve always loved you.”
Another memory.  A dress.  A fountain.  A kiss.
“You are my true love.”
Memory becomes reality.  I dance in the hall of Rose Castle with the girl of my dreams.  My princess.  My reason for living.  I gaze into her eyes and I know now, as I have always known since the beginning, that I would do anything for her.
I would die for her.
I would live for her.
My heart explodes, roaring to life like a lion of pure fire leaping from my chest.  My eyes fly open.  Her lips are on mine, her eyes closed.  I grab her and pull her to me, clinging to her as if she were life itself.  I kiss her as if I have never known a kiss before this.  I feel her heart, her soul in her lips.  She breathes life into me.
“Astra,” I gasp.
She looks up at me.  “It worked,” she says as she collapses.
“Astra!” I sit up.  I cradle her in my arms.
“Ptarax gave his life for you,” she says, putting her hand to my cheek.  I lean into it, relishing the warmth and the connection.
“Ptarax…” I smile, looking up at the ceiling.  That silly bird.  I owe him everything.  I pull Astra close.  I dip my head to kiss her, but I stop.  Something is wrong.
“Astra,” I say.  “What did you do?”
“I used… the card,” she says, releasing a crumpled Death card clutched in her hand.  “Ptarax… Ptarax wasn’t enough… so I…”
“No!” I shout.
“It was just a… little… I am sure, if I just rest…” she closes her eyes.
I jerk her upright.  I remember when I used the Death card to bring back Temis… to bring her back… how much it hurt, how much it drained me, and I wasn’t even alive.  The stress she has put on herself…
I am not sure she will survive it.
The doors open.  “Astra, it is time to…”  It is Rayne.  Her voice dies off when she sees me, holding Astra.
“Oh, no,” she says, her wings fluttering as she flies to our side.  “What have you done?” she says.
“I…” I begin.
“Not you,” she says, holding up her hand to stop me as she feels for Astra’s pulse.  “The princess…”
“She used this,” I say, handing her the crumpled Death card.
The fairy gasps, staring at the card in her hands.  “She used her own life…”
“No,” I counter.  “Ptarax, my crow, gave his life, but she wasn’t strong enough, so it drained her, too…”
The fairy looks up at me and puts a hand to my chest.  She feels the strength of my heartbeat and her eyes widen.  “Such a strong life-force courses through you.  You carry within you the power to save her, if you will.”
I nod.  “What can I do?”
“Fairy!”  A Rose footman scurries in, his head bleeding from a gash, but otherwise unharmed.  “Fairy!  Come quickly!”
The fairy raises an eyebrow at the footman.  “Can’t you see that we are a little busy here?” she says.
“Princess Astra!” the footman exclaims.  “Oh, yes, well… but…”
“What is it?” Rayne snaps in annoyance.
The footman raises a shaky hand, pointing to the windows.  Rayne and I look out.  It is hard to see through the stained glass, but what I see makes my blood run cold.  I am not the only one.
Rayne turns to me.  “What are we going to do?” she asks me.
I swallow and look down at Astra.  “The only thing we can,” I say.  “Fight… and win.”
“You’re braver than I,” the fairy admits.
“Can you keep her alive?” I ask.  My tone sounds desperate.
Rayne nods.  “I can keep her alive until…”  She doesn’t need to finish that sentence.  We both know what I am asking for.  She waves her wand and Astra falls into a deep sleep in my arms.  I kiss her forehead and shift her off of my lap slowly.
“Wait,” Rayne calls as I stand to leave.
I turn.
She waves her wand again and my shattered sword is mended.  It drifts towards me on the air.  I reach for it, comforted by the familiar weight in my hand.
I stare at my dead eyed reflection.  “I am not sure how much good a sword is going to do me,” I admit, casting a glance at the windows.
The Raven Queen stands there, waiting.  I can feel dark energy, heavy in the air, calling to me even from this distance. Her power far surpasses Malexia’s.  The black mist gathers around her, swirling tumultuously, like the rapids of a fast moving river.
The purple and gold stain of the glass gives her an odd glow in the sun.  The daylight does nothing to dampen her power.  She turns my direction and our eyes meet.
I tense.  She motions with her hand and the mists coalesce over her head in a giant wall.  Then, she throws her hand towards me.  The mists obey.
I don’t have time to act.  All I can do is throw myself down over Astra.
The mist hits the windows like a tidal wave and the room explodes in a cloud glass and mist.
Rayne casts a bubble around herself as broken shards of stained glass bounce off and fall to the ground with a gentle tinkle.
I sit up carefully, relieved to see that Astra was protected from the majority of the damage.  I glance over and catch out of the corner of my eye that the footman wasn’t as lucky.
I get to my feet, the glass crunching under my boots and turn to face the Raven Queen.  Her blood red lips curve into a wicked smile.  “There you are, little crow.  Come,” she orders, beckoning me.
I do not move.
She sighs.  “Do I need to bring the castle down around you and fish you out of the rubble, or will you come as you are told?” she asks.  She snaps her fingers and the castle shakes from the force of a small earthquake.  Mortar and dust rain down in the throne room.
I glance at Astra, then at Rayne.  “Protect her,” I say.  She nods.
I march for the shattered windows, jumping up on the ledge.  I notice it is hard for me to move.  I feel… stiff.  I try to pull my cloak from my back, but it is held to me by a thousand tiny glittering shards of glass.  Carefully, I peel it away and toss it aside.  I roll my shoulders.  Much better.  I jump down onto the ground outside.
“Good,” she says, holding a hand out to me.  “Now, you have something I want.  Borrowed power keeps you alive.  It is time to return it, like a good boy.”
“You can’t have it,” I counter.  “I can’t die just yet.  Sorry.”
“Sass,” she says with a chuckle.  “You have served your purpose.  Return your power to me as Malexia has and my restoration will be complete.”
“No,” I say.
She narrows her eyes and the mists gather behind her.  “I don’t believe it was a request,” she says.
The mist whirls around and converges on me, surrounding me like a tornado, straight to the sky.  But it does not touch me.  I hold out my hand and the mist responds to my touch.  It tickles.  I smile.
With one motion, the mist dissipates instantly.
The Raven Queen raises one elegant eyebrow.  “A boy playing at being a man.  Do you mean to challenge me, then?  One drop of my power created you.  You are nothing but a byproduct, a sad toy created to sate a lonely, broken pawn.”
Her words fly by me, meaningless.  I pay her no heed.  I have one mission in life, one duty, one purpose… kill her, for good.  So she can never hurt anyone again.
So Astra will be safe.
I raise my sword in my right hand, as the mist pulls to my left and I charge the dark witch.  The blade passes through her cleanly, and she vanishes.
“Mist,” I spit.
“Correct,” she purrs from a disembodied voice.  “That was just an image, like a reflection in water… but, this,” she whispers in my ear.  The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
I whirl around, but she is gone.
I look down at my hand and shake the mist off.  It will do me no good.  I can’t fight mist with mist.  It is like throwing a bucket of water at a waterfall.
Her cackling fills the air.
I run to the window and jump on the ledge.  The shards cut into the bottom of my boots.
“Rayne,” I call.  “Ideas?”
“You can’t fight mist with mist,” she tells me.
I nod.  “Just figured that out.”
“The enchanted blade!” she says, pointing at the sword laying beside the throne.
I shake my head sadly.  “I can’t even touch the thing.”
“We need more magic,” she says, crossing her arms and dropping her head in thought.
“Right,” I say, turning from the window.
The Raven Queen has reappeared.  Her smile looks wider, if that is even possible.  She is toying with me, as I toyed with Vartan.
Magic, I try hard to think.  Her power comes from the old crow.  It isn’t dark or light… it is high magic.  It is why the sunlight doesn’t weaken her.
How can I fight high magic?
She cackles and turns into her namesake, a massive black raven.  Rising into the air, her laughter rings cold, like a winter storm.
“Vesuvius!” I call to the sky.
Her black form trots from the clouds and she sees me.  She ducks her wings and dives.  I put my hand out and grab her mane, pulling myself on her back just in time for the giant black raven to attack.  Vesuvius dodges.  She beats her wings furiously as we climb into the air over the castle.
“Thank you,” I say as I pat her neck.
“I told you,” she says.  “Anytime.”
“Left!” I yell and she darts sideways in time for the Raven to fly past us into the sky.  It circles back slowly for another charge.
“She is vulnerable when she switches form.”
I glance over my shoulder and almost drop my sword.  Vartan rides Leopold, the gleaming enchanted sword in hand.
“What are you doing?” I shout.  “Get out of here!”
He laughs.  The cut on his cheek, along with his other injuries have been healed.  Rayne is undoubtedly responsible.
“Are you forgetting, it was my father that defeated her in the first place?” he counters.  “You need me.”
“Look,” I snap.  “I am not in the position to turn down help where I can find it, but…”
“Then, don’t,” he interrupts me.
The raven attacks again and we scatter.  Vesuvius rolls, but the raven is relentless in her pursuit.  The black pegasus flies fast, her hooves raining fire down on the castle below.  She is once again the terrifying creature of immense power that dominated the night skies in the days of old.
The raven falls behind, unable to keep up with the pegasus.  She caws her fury.  The air vibrates with the tremendous force of her call.  Vesuvius fights to stay in the air, darting to the side as the raven passes.
Vesuvius rears and stops mid-air, her wings rising and falling in an even rhythm.
“What is wrong?” I ask.
“Wait,” she says calmly.
The raven banks slowly, coming around for another attack.  She is flying straight for us.
“Vesuvius,” I say nervously.
“Wait,” she repeats.
The raven lifts to avoid colliding with us mid air.  Vesuvius rears again and slams the raven in the chest with two burning hooves.  The raven falls to the ground and explodes into a fountain of mist.  When it recedes, the Raven Queen is standing on the ground, glaring at me.
“Now she’s mad,” I comment.
Vesuvius neighs in agreement.
“Let me help,” Vartan calls, catching up.
“One of us has to live for Astra,” I snap.  “And since I’m not really alive, that leaves you.  So get your royal butt on the ground and stay safe.”
“Astra?” he blinks.  “What has all this got to do with Astra?”
“Everything,” I say and I nudge Vesuvius in the ribs.  She flies ahead.
Below us, the Raven Queen cackles as the mists gather around her.  At its heart, it begins to glow a deep, pulsing green.  Flashes of purple lightning lash out, striking the trees.
“You will witness my true power,” she says, her voice booming, surrounding us as if she is everywhere.  “And you will die.”
“Too late,” I mutter.
A massive black dragon rises from the mist and roars.  A billow of fire erupts from her maw, engulfing the forest in flames.
“Whoa,” Vartan gasps.
“You still want to help?” I ask.
He shrugs.  “Nothing better to do,” he says, but his fear is betrayed in his wavering tone.  I can’t blame him.  She is truly terrifying.
She nips at me and Vesuvius dodges, her jaws shutting with a loud snap and catching a bit of pegasus tail.  Vesuvius bolts and neighs in rage as her mane and tail both become streams of liquid flame.
“Hey!” I call, shaking the fire from my sleeve.
“Sorry,” she admits.  “I forget I have a rider.”  Her mane extinguishes, but her tail blaze and temper remain.
I watch as Vartan fends off her attacks with broad swings of his sword.  Leopold dances through the air, dodging her snaps and bites.
I can’t just sit here.  I charge and strike her in the neck.  She screams and pulls back, wrenching the blade from my hand and spitting it into the forest.  Vartan takes his chance and hurls the sword at her heart.  It finds its mark.
She rears, striking both horses with her wings and all four of us fall from the air, landing in the trees.  She wraps a black claw around the hilt and screams as she pulls it from her chest.
Vesuvius and I walk from the forest.  The pegasus is limping and her wing is damaged.  “I can no longer fly,” she warns.
I pat her neck.  “I know,” I say.  I see my sword and pick it up, but I might as well be fighting with a twig.
The dragon lets out another bellow of fire, her roar shaking the ground.
Vartan and Leopold emerge from the woods, looking equally damaged.  We stand there, watching the dragon, side by side.
“So,” he says.  “The sword didn’t work this time.”
“Looks like it,” I agreed.
“Do you have anything?” he asks, glancing over at me.  “Because that was all I had.”
I shrug.
Leopold limps over to snuggle Vesuvius, their hides shining in the firelight.  I remember their epic battle in the sky over ancient Auronia during the time of high magic.  When the old crow, and so many like him, roamed the lands.
“We need magic,” I realize.
“Well, yes,” the prince agrees.  “But we only have one fairy, and I don’t think she is going to be much help.”
“No,” I shake my head.  “Not a fairy.  Not light magic.  High magic.”
“High magic?” he blinks.  “You mean, doing magic in the air?  Is that why fairies have wings, then?” he asks.
I roll my eyes, trotting over to Leopold and Vesuvius.
“I need your help,” I say.
“We’ve given all we can offer,” Leopold says.  He rears before me to keep me back from Vesuvius.  “She can no longer fly.  It will take months for her injuries to heal, if they ever do.”
“I am sorry,” she says to me.
Vartan looks confused.  “Are you talking to the horses?” he asks.
“Not now,” I snap.  I kneel before Vesuvius and Leopold eyes me.  Vesuvius tosses her head at her mate and he backs off.
“What is it?” she asks.  “I have nothing left in me to give.”
“You do,” I say hesitantly.  “High magic.”
Leopold screams and stomps the ground.  “How dare you ask this of her?”
I glance over my shoulder.  The dragon is crushing a tower of Star Castle.  I close my eyes and hope that Astra is safe.  I have to trust Rayne now.
There is a soft nudge on my cheek.  I turn slowly in surprise to find Vesuvius nuzzling me.  I lower my head and pet her muzzle, leaning into her and closing my eyes.
There is a strange tingle in my hand.  My eyes fly open in shock as I watch the color drain from her coat, rippling over her muscles and up my arm, where it encases me.  It isn’t mist.  It is darker than black.  It moves, like cool water over my skin, seeping into my pores.
Vesuvius withdraws her head.  I blink.  She looks like an everyday white horse.  Her wings are gone and her fire with it.
“Save her,” she whispers, our eyes meeting.
I nod.  The power is intoxicating.  No wonder it drove the Raven Queen and Malexia both mad.  It feels neither good nor bad.  No matter my motivation, regardless of my goal, I know it will do as I will.  It is infinitely more dangerous than dark magic.
I look down to find I am now dressed in shining black armor, a cloak entirely of black feathers flies from my back.  My blade burns now, like the hooves of Vesuvius herself.
“Thank you,” I say, turning to Vesuvius.  A strange black horse stands beside her.  I furrow my brow.  “Leopold?” I ask.
He motions towards Vartan.  I turn to look.  The prince is breathtaking.  He is dressed as my opposite, his shining silver armor with gold inlay matched to a white feather cloak.
“Nice,” he says, looking at himself.  “Those are pretty useful magic horses,” he comments.
Leopold huffs.  “Horses,” he sighs.  Then, he looks at himself.  “Well, I guess we might look like a pair of old horses now, you and I,” he kids with Vesuvius.
She nickers her laughter and nuzzles him.  “You didn’t need to loan out your power, too.”
“Where you go, I go.  The sacrifices you make, I make.  Forever.”
“Forever,” she agrees.
“Uh,” Vartan says nervously.  “If I am not mistaken,” he says, pointing at the pair.
I grab his arm.  “Come on.  We’ve got a dragon to slay.”
“Right,” Vartan agrees.
We approach the castle.  The dragon turns on us, castle forgotten.  “So,” she says, her maw dripping with flame as she speaks.  “You have seen the pointlessness of your resistance, then?  Come, little crow.  Come to me and let us end this.”
I squeeze the grip of my sword.  “Find the enchanted blade,” I whisper to Vartan, keeping my eyes on the dragon.
“But…” he says, looking between me and the dragon.
“Find it,” I say again.  I start walking towards her slowly.  The wind whips around, tossing the cloak out behind me.
The dragon towers high over my head, hunger in her eyes.  Hunger for power.  For complete control over everything.
But she does not control me.
I throw my sword.  She laughs, but her laughing turns to surprise as it soars high, far beyond the range of a simple toss.  She steps back, but she is too late.  It slices her neck before falling to back to the ground.
I catch it as she roars in pain.  She lowers her head and unleashes a shower of flame, cascading down upon me.  I crouch, but the flames do not touch me.  They split off in every direction, torching the earth around me a bitter black.
When I raise my head, she bellows another blast of fire at me, but again, I do not burn.  I am protected by power.  I am protected by Vesuvius.
“Why won’t you burn?” she cries in frustration.  “Never mind.  I’ll just eat you.  It will kill you just the same, albeit a touch more slowly,” she snaps.  Her jaws lower over me.
I have one opportunity and I seize it.  I shove my sword into the soft upper pallet of her mouth.  She reels back, screaming and bellowing fire.  Her arms flail, but they can not pull the blade from her mouth.  They aren’t long enough to reach it.
I step back as she stomps around in her furry.  Her tail knocks over the last of the tower and it crumbles.  I jump out of the way as it lashes my direction, but I can see the attack is unintentional.  She is too wrapped up in her wound.
Fire pours out of her mouth, filling the sky overhead with its flame.
“Now!” I shout to Vartan.  He scrambes into a tree.  “Where are you going?” I shout.  “Attack now!”
More fire.  She is trying to melt the blade.  How long will it last?  Minutes?  Seconds?
“Vartan!” I yell.
And then, I see him.  He leaps from the top of the tree, enchanted blade in hand, roaring with determination.  Magic carries him higher and farther than he ever could have leapt before, all the way to the dragon.  “Justice be done!” he cries as the sword sinks into her chest.  It moves slowly, cutting through scale and muscle until it finds its goal.
The dragon screams in rage and pain.  Her wings shudder.
Vartan grips the sword and, with the last of his strength, twists the blade.
She is done.  The dragon screams and evaporates into mist.
Vartan falls slowly to the ground, his cloak fluttering behind him in the wind.
I know now, he is the only one capable of protecting Astra.  The only one I would entrust her to.  I cross to him and put a hand on his shoulder.
“Nice work,” I say.
“Thank you,” he says, smiling a soot covered grin.
I feel a twinge as the mist convulses with me, weakened from the loss of the Raven Queen.
“Are you okay?” he asks.  “Were you injured?”
I chuckle at the turn of events.  To think that a few hours ago we were trying to kill each other.  “Take care of her,” I say.  “She is yours now.”
“Who?” he asks.
“Astra,” I growl.
“Oh, yes, of course.  I thought you might have been talking about the dragon,” he admits.
I roll my eyes.  But, I am out of time.  I head into the woods.
Vesuvius and Leopold are waiting for me.
“You have saved us all,” Leopold says appreciatively.
I shrug.  “I saved her.  It is all that matters.”
“We’ll protect her and watch over her,” Vesuvius promises.
I kneel before her.  Her power drains from me, returning to its home.  She leans down and nuzzles my head again.  Her power restored, her wounds begin to heal.  All as it should be.
I rise to my feet and head deeper into the woods.
“Where are you going?” Vartan calls.  “The castle is the other way.”
I would run, but I do not have the drive, so I just shuffle with the last of my energy, heading deeper and deeper into the forest.  I can feel the hold the mist has on the soldiers and release the last of the puppets from their strings.  Malexia’s army is done.  The mists gather to me, the last crow.  It powers me, letting me travel the last of the journey I need to travel.
I hear a rustle in the branches over head.  I look up and smile as the old crow flies down to land on a branch just in front of me.
“Old crow,” I say in greeting.
“Boy,” he greets in return.  “But no longer a boy.  A man.”
I shake my head.  “No, I will always be that broken boy.  The man I am now is a crow and that man dies today.”
“You don’t have to die,” the crow counters.  “You can live on.”
“What?  In this half-life?  No.  I can’t give Astra the kind of life she deserves, and as long as I live, she won’t be able to love another.  And she needs love.  Everyone needs love.”
“As you wish,” he says, bowing his head.  The mists return to him, tinting his feathers black as night.  “But, you are a fool.”
“A wise horse-bird once told me that love makes fools of us all,” I say.
The crow laughs a throaty caw.  “That it does.  But, at least you have finally found the freedom you were searching for.”
“That I have,” I agree.
He takes to the air and flies off high into the clouds.
I collapse.  All the magic is gone.  My muscles move by the power of my will alone with nothing more to sustain me.  Soon, I will stop moving forever.
“Astra,” I breathe.  My feet move.  Even as my vision starts to fade, I know I must find my destination before the last of the life leaves me.  I must see her one last time.
I stumble through the forest.  One by one, I begin to feel all the wounds I have suffered over my lifetime.  Phantom stabs tear through me.  The cuts of swords long gone to rust in abandoned ruins all haunt me.  The mists have left me and their protection is null and void.  Every injury sustained without pain is revisited upon me now ten-fold.
Still I step forward.  My legs shake and my hands tremble.  I see the castle up ahead and practically weep for joy.  “Astra,” I whisper.  I limp across the charred ground and fall in through the open window into the throne room.
Rayne flutters over to me.  “I… I…”  I can see her concern, but even I know there is nothing she can do for me now.  I smile at her and shake my head.  She presses her lips together and they quiver.  Tears run down her cheeks.
I never knew a fairy could cry.
I roll over and try to get to my feet, slipping on the shattered glass.  I try again, limping towards where Astra lays asleep.  I pause to pick up the crumpled card beside her and hold it to my heart.  Dropping to my knees, I lean down to kiss her.
“I love you, Astra,” I say.  Drops of water appear on her cheek.  I reach up and pull back my hand, amazed.  I am crying.  I smile and hang my head.
Then, I turn the card.



I’ve never believed in fairy tales.  One day, the fairies will tell this story.  There will be a valiant prince, a part no doubt played in history by the brave Vartan who journeys to rescue his bride from a dragon.  There will be fairies.  There will be horse-birds and there will be an enchanted blade.  But, I will no doubt be stricken from the tale, a cursed blemish on a shining story.
Happy endings don’t always happen in the real world.

~ 44 ~
Astra


Love.  Such a simple word, yet so complicated.
Do I love Corvus?  Yes.  I love him more than life itself.  Ashamedly, more than my kingdom, my duty.
Does he love me?  Yes.  I know that as I know the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
I also know that I can not live without him, just as he can not live without me.  We are bound forever.  Death has tried in vain to take him from me.  I took him back.  Death has tried to take me, too, but Corvus has not allowed it.
Even here, in this darkness, we are not separated.  I feel him with me, like the beating of my heart, like the pulsing of my blood, keeping me alive.
I open my eyes.  He is there, of course.  I smile.  He smiles back.
We have this moment.  This perfect point in time.  Nothing can touch us or harm us.  We are free.  No, we are tied together, bound only to each other, free from everyone and everything else.  My heart beats for him and his for me.
I rise and press my lips to his.
His lips quiver.  I pull back and he grows pale.  He falls.
“Corvus!” I scream.
Then, I see the card. I look around and suddenly know he has given his life for mine.  “No!” I say, prying the card from his hand.  “No!  I won’t let you do this.”
He stills my hand.  “Be happy,” he says.
“How can I do that, without you?” I beg.
Corvus smiles gently.  “You’ll find a way.”  Then, he closes his eyes.
I rip the card from his grasp.  It tears.  I scream.
“Astra,” Rayne says gently.
“This is what he wanted,” Vartan adds.
I block them out.  No one will decide my future for me.  Not Malexia.  Not the Raven Queen.  Not Rayne.  Not Vartan.
And especially not Corvus.
I close my eyes, picturing the card in my head.  It changes, reversed.  I feel a pull as it drags me down into the darkness.
I do not care.  I will not let him die alone.  We will be together, forever, one way or another.
“Corvus!” I yell.
He floats a short distance away.  I swim to him.
“Astra,” he gasps.  “You shouldn’t be here.”
“You shouldn’t presume to know what is best for me,” I snap.
“But…” he counters.
“It is too late,” I say.  “You gave your life for me, I gave my life for you.  There is nothing left to argue.”
He reaches for me and we kiss.  Then, we lay back and float, drifting in the darkness.  I put my hand in his and we both close our eyes.
My chest grows warm.  His hand clenches mine as the warmth turns to fire.
I gasp and open my eyes.  I blink.  The throne room ceiling towers over me, its carved arches a strange sight, considering the fact that I am dead.
I hear a gasp beside me.  I sit up.  Corvus coughs and rolls over, holding his chest.
“We’re alive?” I ask.  I glance around.
Vartan and Rayne are staring at us, jaws dropped in shock.
“We’re alive!” I cry.  I shake Corvus, who is still coughing as if he has lungs full of smoke.  “We’re alive!  Corvus, Corvus we did it!  Corvus!”
He looks up at me as if he can not believe it.  He raises his hand to my cheek and a kiss him fiercely.
Vartan clears his throat.  I ignore him.  He clears his throat again.
Corvus pulls back and sits up.  “But… but I don’t understand,” he says.
I put a hand on his chest.  “Your heart… it’s beating,” I say.  I feel his cheeks.  They are warm.  “You are alive,” I say.  “Really alive.”
Corvus blinks, feeling his heartbeat.  He looks up at Rayne.  “What happened?” he asks.
“Who cares?” I say as I pounce on him again.  He kisses me, but ends up having to pry me off as he looks once more at the fairy.
“How long?” he asks.
Rayne shrugs.  “You gave your life for her.  She gave her life for you.  And you both sealed your vow with true love’s kiss.  It binds you forever.  She can not die, as that would negate your sacrifice.  Just as you can not die, for she paid for your life with hers.”
“Wait,” he says as I kiss his cheeks.  “Are you trying to tell me we are going to live forever?”
I steal his lips again.  He puts a finger to my lips to stop my persistence, gently kissing my lips over his finger.  I sit back to wait.
“Maybe,” the fairy says.  “Magic is strange that way.  It tends to take life pledges seriously.  But,” she says, a smile lighting up her features, “would forever be such a bad thing?”
He looks at me and smiles.  “No,” he says.  Then he pulls me close and kisses me like he has never kissed me before.
Vartan clears his throat.  “But, she’s my fiancé…”
“Enough of that,” Rayne snaps, pushing him from the room.  “Leave them be.”  They close the doors, leaving us alone.
“So,” Corvus asks me.  “Would forever be such a bad thing?”
I smile.  “You?”
He shrugs.
A black and a white pegasus soar into the sky beyond the broken windows, off to chase the sun and the moon once more.  They learned the secret long before we did.
For I am now his sun, as he is mine.  I burn for him as he burns for me.
We will be together forever.
Is that really such a bad thing?

More By T.T. Escurel
An exclusive sneak peek at Book 2 of The Sorcerers and Specters of Auronia
THE HOUSE OF CHALICE
~ Lia ~
I peek into the baskets.  “Wow,” I say, “they ordered a lot of bread this time.  This is what?  Twice last week’s order?”  I sneak a loaf.
“Triple,” Mother confirms, swatting my hand and returning the loaf to the basket.  She grabs a half loaf from the prep table and hands it to me.  “Taron has won control of the Desplores and Clashpeak has a new king.”  She sighs.  “Not that we can complain.  He has quite a taste for bread.”
I cough and swallow my bit of bread wrong as her words hit me.  “Taron won?”
She nods and grabs the bread from my hand.  My mouth hangs open mid bite.  “Now, go fetch the berries for the pies for the banquet,” she says, closing my mouth with her fingertip and handing me an empty basket.
“There is going to be a banquet?” I say.
“They are crowning a new king,” she replies.  “Of course, there is going to be a banquet.  As for the pies, well…”
“Yes, yes…” I say.  “I’ll go fetch the berries.”  I grab my dark green cloak and pull it around my shoulders as I head out the door.
“Your hood!” she calls.
I pull the hood over my head and wave back.  Heading down the well-worn path, the bakery soon disappears, hidden by trees.  I am alone in the forest.
My first stop is the raspberry bushes beside the old oak.  I search the leaves for the fattest berries as I hum to myself.  My mind wanders.
I wonder what kind of ruler the new king will be.  We had all prepared ourselves for the rule of Baston, a stubborn and boorish man, sure to be an equally stubborn and boorish king, like his father before him.  But, just because he was the oldest didn’t automatically mean that he would inherit the throne.  First, he would have to face his little brother, Taron, in combat.  There, he would win the honor to rule.  Apparently, it was an honor he was denied.
I glance down and find that I have more than enough raspberries.  Why am I so distracted today?  A new king is the most exciting thing to happen to Clashpeak since the refugees started pouring in, but that is no reason for me to drift off.  It seems to be harder for me to focus on even the most basic tasks, lately.
Now is not the time to be thinking of kings and refugees.  My gathering duty is not yet complete.  I head deeper into the woods.  The blackberry bushes are more elusive, and the best ones lay beside the creek.  I know I shouldn’t go this far.  My parents would be irate if they found out, but they haven’t discovered my secret the last dozen trips, so I am pretty sure I will be safe from their wrath.  Besides, they are special berries.  The pies they make are twice as tasty.
I hop across the creek, careful not to slip and spill my basket.  I frown when I see my berry bush.  The birds have been at it again.  The ground is littered with pecked remnants.  It takes longer to fish the ripe berries from deep within the bush.
I cross the creek back to the bakery side.  My basket is almost full, but I have one more stop to make.  Up on Widow’s Ridge, there is a single blueberry bush that grows on the shady side, where the rains catch in the crags.
The blueberries aren’t for the banquet pies.  I’ve been working on my own baking and I plan on surprising Mother with her favorite blueberry tart.
Hopefully, I won’t burn the crust this time.  I wince at the memory of my last attempt, which almost set the whole bakery on fire.  Unfortunately, I was not gifted with the family knack for baking.
I slip the basket on my arm and begin the climb.  My shoes are slick and struggle to find purchase on the rocks.  The wind whips at me.  I hold my hand in front of my face for a moment’s reprieve and pause in awe.  I can see the castle from here, rising from the ground like a majestic mountain.
Even now, they are preparing for a grand celebration to crown the new king.  The banquet hall will be draped in new tapestries.  All the lords and ladies will be dressed in their finest as they arrive at court.  What I wouldn’t give to see it, if just for a moment.
I wonder, would it be possible to sneak in somehow?  Can I volunteer to deliver the bread myself?
A peek at the sun tells me I have dawdled enough.  I need to get back soon to make sure there is enough time for the pies to bake before they must be delivered.  I resume my climb. 
Reality returns to me as I struggle up the rocks.  There is no way they will let me go to the castle.  My parents never let me out without a cloak and a hood, let alone make deliveries.  I can’t even leave the house unless it is to gather berries.  I don’t know what their paranoia is about strangers, but it is quite stifling.  Still, they are my parents and I do love them, even though sometimes I just want to run away.
I reach the ledge with the blueberry bush.  I pop a handful in my mouth and giggle as the sweet juice trickles down my throat.  I quickly fill the basket.
The wind catches my hood and whips it back.  I reach for it and pause.
Below, a man on horseback is staring at me.  Our eyes meet.
Quickly, I pull the hood up and start my descent.
“There!” the man shouts, pointing to me.  “Her.”
I freeze.  Me?  I glance down and find that two more riders have joined the man.
My heart skips a beat.  I look up, but there is no escape for me there.  The man’s two companions have dismounted and are waiting for me at the base of Widow’s Ridge.
I try to climb up again.  Maybe I can just wait them out.  What do they want from me?  I don’t know what it could be, but I don’t care to find out.
My foot slips on some loose dirt and I lose my grip.  The basket falls, showering the men below with berries.  I hang with one hand, clinging desperately to the rock.  Slowly, I begin to slip.  I can hear the men below shouting, but I can not make out the words.
Finally, I fall.
One of the men catches me.  He is big and burly, dressed in the armor of the royal guard and smells vaguely of meat and mead.
“Got her!” he calls.
“Good catch, Rommel,” the man shouts back.
“Thank you,” I say nervously.  “But can you please put me down?”
“Already giving orders?” Rommel laughs, carrying me to the horses.  “She’ll make a good queen for you, Taron.”
Taron?  I blink at the man on horseback.  He wears the thin gold crown of the prince.  He is a lot younger than I expected, thin with dark skin and brown eyes staring at me intently.
Wait, did he say queen?
“Put me down!” I say, struggling to get free.
“Pretty and feisty,” Taron grins.  “You’re right.  I certainly can pick them.  Bring her.”  He turns and rides into the forest.
I struggle in vain as Rommel ties me to the back of the horse.  “You can’t do this!” I shout.  “Let me go!”
“The prince is going to be crowned king.  He has the right to choose his bride,” Rommel counters, glancing back at me.  “So, yes.  I can do this.”
“You should feel honored,” the other rider says.  “He has his pick of the kingdom and he has picked you.  Its every girl’s dream to become queen.”
It isn’t my dream.  The ropes chafe as I struggle.  Eventually, I give up.  My thoughts stray to my parents, worrying as they wait for a daughter that will never return.
No.  I can’t start thinking that way.  I will see them again.  I must cling to that hope.
I settle down, conserving my energy.  I will find a way to escape, somehow.
I will not be his queen.

THE HOUSE OF CHALICE
Book 2 of the Sorcerers and Specters of Auronia
Nothing ever goes as planned, magic or no magic...
Vartan is lost.  His fiancé has just run off with his mortal enemy and now his mother, the Queen of the House of Rose, has disappeared.  Venturing into a land with no magic, no army and no fiancé, will he be able to survive?
Lia is in trouble.  Clashpeak has a new king who requires a bride, one who has eyes for the young baker’s daughter.  During a violent coup, Lia seizes her chance to escape.  With every soldier in the kingdom looking for her, nowhere is safe.
An ancient curse lingers in the air, still working its magic.  Madness has seized the blood of the royals of the House of Chalice.  A battle for power, the likes of nothing Auronia has ever seen, is about to begin…
Coming in Spring 2014


More By T.T. Escurel
THE CONSERVANCY
A school where the teachers don’t teach, the students are prisoners and the walls house a sinister secret.
When Josh is invited to attend class at the Conservancy, it looks like the perfect school.  You can study any subject.  You can read books or watch movies.  There are no tests or homework.  You are free to spend your time doing anything you want.
Unless you want to leave.
Trapped in a surreal world with time constantly shifting around him, Josh desperately searches for a way out.
What he finds could change the world forever.
“Escurel takes on the time-travel/sci-fi genre with aplomb, adding some light philosophy perfect for young and even teenage readers looking for a bit of thought-provocation in their fast-paced, inventive fiction.” – Kirkus Reviews


More By T.T. Escurel
HAVOC
Rick has an unusual talent for sucking at everything and anything.  Just when his school debate couldn't get any worse, he is mysteriously tugged out of his world and summoned to another.
In Renway, summoners are feared and despised.  The Clans guard against the Dark Callers, the last of the summoners.  Porsche owes no allegiance.  Born of a clan, but from one of the most power summoning families of all time, she spends her time searching for summon beads, the source of a summoner’s power.
Porsche summons Rick accidently, only to find that she can’t unsummon him.  He continues to draw on her life force.  Both worlds are soon in danger when Rick discovers that Porsche isn't the only one from a special family...


About the Author

My philosophy: A good book is like a good roller coaster. A story should go like a bat out of hell with plot twists that throw you for a loop. At the end, you should be nicely rattled and smiling (if not a little dizzy).
Me: Though I live in Southern California, I rarely see the sun as I have become permanently attached to my Macbook Air (which I am starting to suspect may slowly be sucking my soul through the keyboard, but I haven’t checked the most recent Terms of Service agreement). I can usually be found staring into space with a cat meowing at my shoulder and a cup of tea on the side, going cold. Chocolate works better than smelling salts to pull me from my writer coma mode, most days.
Connect:
Twitter: ttescurel
Facebook: ttescurelofficial
Email: ttescurel@gmail.com
News and Sneak Peeks of Upcoming Releases on the Blog:
http://ttescurel.wordpress.com

