The Twice Born King Collection
This book is a collection of the first 8 books that are part of the Twice born Kind mini-book series. It is being provided per request of the readers. I’ve also discounted the total price, allowing my loyal readers to buy the book for half the price they would pay for all 8 of the individual books.

Written By: Pete Dutcher, Jr.
Copyright 2011 Pete Dutcher, Jr. All rights reserved.


Visit Pete Dutcher, Jr. at www.petedutcher.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One | Jason Branton
Gusting winds and rain pelted the face of Jason Branton as he struggled to reef the mainsail of The Drifter before the powerful winds dismasted the boat. Only minutes ago he had been soundly sleeping in the companion house with the electronic autopilot engaged. The sudden squall had descended upon The Drifter without warning and Jason hadn’t even had time to slip on his SON-R Feedback Low-Cut sailing shoes before rushing out into the storm. He was barefoot and as a large wave crashed over the deck his feet were washed from under him. His hold on the mast slipped and he slid along the deck toward the bow.
Arms flailing in panic, he grunted in pain as his side slammed against a yellow box that was strapped to the deck. His momentum spun him about and toward the forward pulpit. His hand managed to grab onto something…the mainstay…and kept him from going completely overboard. As it was, one leg dangled off the boat and his foot dipped into the torrential waters. He used both hands to pull himself to safety. As he got onto his knees to crawl back toward the mast, the jibsheet flapped wildly in the wind and struck his cheek. He hoped it wasn’t cut, but didn’t take the time to check. There was no time.
Jason crawled pass the yellow crate. It was still secured but the straps were loosened by his impact against it. He did not take the time to tighten them, hoping they held through the ordeal. He knew the supplies in the crate were important, but his first concern was keeping The Drifter from sinking to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.
He regained his footing and struggled back along the deck to the sail crank. Waves rose and crashed violently against the starboard side of the boat, nearly causing it to overturn several times. Had the wind not been rapidly and constantly changing directions, Jason knew the small sailboat would have turned turtle from the strength of the waves pounding it. He finally reached the sail crank and started turning it again as he struggled to reef the main sail. 
From the corner of his eye Jason saw another wave rising to strike the port side of the boat. He braced just in time as the wave struck and washed his bare feet from beneath him again. This time he fell forward onto the halyard and jarred his chin on the boom, but managed to hold onto the sail crank with one hand.
Jason struggled to his feet in the darkness, shook off the pain in his chin and continued to crank down the sail. He blinked and used a forearm to clear the salty water from his eyes. He was beyond tired. He was exhausted. The storm had already taken a lot out of him. Only adrenalin and fear enabled him to continue in his struggles.
Jason.
And he knew the fear was valid. He was in the middle of the Triangle with little hope of a timely rescue. He hadn’t had time to radio for help, and even if he had, he doubted the Coast Guard would be able to make it to him in time. As he cranked, a small part of his mind wondered if storms such as the one he faced were the reason ships had been lost in the area.
The powerful winds buffeted both the mainsail and the jibsheet, making the sail crank harder to turn. He used precious energy to whisper a prayer as he strained to work amidst the storm and crashing waves. At last, the sail was lowered enough to fasten the sail ties. He double checked them and turned to make his way to stern.
The Drifter was a masterpiece. She was heavily modified to allow for both sailing and engine running.  Two small internal turbine engines were built into her transom, each on the port or starboard sides and beneath the traveler portion of the deck. The original owner had he work done long before Jason Branton had inherited the sailboat. Instead of using a tiller to steer her, the rudder was controlled by a wheel to the right of the companionway. The turbines propelled the vessel forward and the sturdy rudder turned it.
Jason.
Reaching the stern, Jason flipped the switches to supply power to the turbines and turned the key to start them. The storm raging around him made it impossible to hear the engines but he could feel their vibration through the deck. He slowly gunned them and felt The Drifter surge forward. Grabbing the wheel, he started to turn the rudder to port where the waves were striking the vessel. The turbines kept The Drifter from laying ahull in the dangerous waters. As the boat turned toward the onslaught of waves, Jason felt the undercurrent pushing at the keel beneath the craft.
The Drifter was in danger of overturning as wave after wave pounded the port side. With salt water burning his eyes, Jason gasped for breath and wiped his brow with his right forearm. It did little good. The turbines were doing their job though, turning vessel into the powerful and rapidly rising waves. He risked a smile of relief, an effort that strained his slightly aged and weathered face in the gusting winds. He tried to force himself to take a deep breath, but could only manage short gasps. The wind threatened to keep him from doing even that.
In the darkness and rain, visibility was next to nothing. Another tall and powerful wave rose against the forward port side of The Drifter, and it began to roll to starboard. Jason kept a white-knuckled grip on the wheel so that he wouldn’t plummet into the deadly churning waters of the Atlantic. He looked forward to see the yellow container of emergency supplies snap free and disappear somewhere into the darkness of the night.
Jump.
Finally, bow of The Drifter passed over the crest and started downward once more. Jason fed more power to the turbines and spun the wheel harder to port. The boat turned quickly as it rode the back of the wave. Having finally turned the vessel properly, Jason gazed into the darkness before the craft, trying to see what laid ahead.
Lightning streaked across the night sky, and he saw a monster of a wave rising high and making its way toward his small vessel. The bow of The Drifter rose with it, nearly causing the boat to pitchpole end-over-end. This time the momentum was too powerful and Jason lost his grip on the wheel. He fell backward toward the stern. His back struck hard against the taffrail and Jason nearly bit off his tongue from the impact. He knew the railing had saved him from being swallowed by the eagerly awaiting ocean. 
He held onto the taffrail with a death grip. Panicked horror overwhelmed Jason. He was sure the boat would capsize. Finally, the bow passed over the crest of the huge wave and began to drop once more. He reluctantly released one hand from the railing, and then the other - grateful that the thundering in his chest was not a heart attack. The Drifter rolled downward to ride the back of the huge wave, and Jason let the forward momentum carry him back to the wheel.
Uttering a prayer of thanks, Jason tightened the helmlock to keep The Drifter from turning away from the surging waves. This completed, he made his way down through the companionway and grabbed the radio microphone. Pressing the button, he issued a distress call, hoping someone out there would hear it and send help. The brief respite from the wind and rain was a much needed one, but short lived as he felt the bow begin to rise once more.
Looking for something to grab onto, he found nothing and was quickly flung back outside the hatch and against the grab rail once more. He realized with horror that the railing moved this time, jarred loose by the weight of his second impact. Before he could react, the rail he clung to snapped and swung outward. He went with it, striking his knee hard on the transom. As gravity and momentum worked together against him, he found himself dangling in the open sea by one hand behind the boat. His legs were mostly submerged in the cold waters.
Let go, Jason.
The bow suddenly started to tilt forward again. The railing swung back and he struck the transom of the boat hard. He felt a sharp pain in his shoulder, causing his arm to go numb, and lost his grip on the flimsy railing, plunging into the cold, rough waters. His feet painfully struck the rudder beneath the waves as the stern of The Drifter rose before him. He reached out to grab onto whatever part of the boat he could. His fingers slid across the smooth surface of the transom without finding anything to grab hold of. Despair flooded through him as he and The Drifter passed over the crest.
He suddenly found himself lifted higher above the stern and flung over the transom onto the slippery deck.
As the waves, wind and rain constantly punished The Drifter it groaned and leveled once again. Jason lay against the frame of the hatch. He gasped for air as the numbness in his arm slightly subsided, but landing on the deck had jarred his bones again. His entire body bombarded him with pain. He was certain real damage had been done to his shoulder and leg, but he knew he couldn’t waste time dwelling on it at that moment. Amazed that he was still alive, he crawled and pulled his way back through the hatch and to a closed, waist-high wood cabinet. Opening it, he withdrew a life preserver and somehow struggled into it. He pulled a survival belt from the cabinet and managed to lift it over his head and shoulder. Strapping it on was impossible with one arm numb. The belt held a bottle of water, a pocket knife and a waterproof pouch containing basic survival supplies and rations. He silently berated himself for not having put them on sooner. He should have been wearing the preserver all the time, but he had found it hard to sleep with it on.
He considered his location. He didn’t really know where he was now, after having slept for several hours. He had been sailing eastward toward the Canary Islands located near Morocco. The Drifters electronic autopilot had probably kept it mostly on course. He hoped the emergency beacon on The Drifter would help rescuers find him if the boat sank.
Hear me, Jason.
Jason felt a pit in his stomach as the bow started to drift upward again. It rode the front of another wave. Jason quickly struggled his way through the hatch and to the wheel, gazing forward toward the bow. This wave was bigger, much bigger than the last. Higher and higher it rose before the bow. With a sickening, sudden realization, Jason knew it would not stop rising. The Drifter was pitchpoling bow over stern. It happened with a rush, and before he knew it, Jason was in the water with The Drifter coming down on top of him. The wheel he had clung to moments ago struck him a glancing blow to the head and nearly knocked him senseless. The air was driven from his lungs by the weight of the boat landing on him.
Dazed, Jason abruptly found himself underwater as The Drifter’s deck above held him there. It only took moments for him to regain his senses, but by then he was desperate for air and in danger of drowning. He struggled to move and found the opening to the companionway within reach. Kicking with his legs and using his good arm, he clawed his way through the hatch and found a pocket of air. He gasped for breath and took in the much needed oxygen his lungs screamed for. His chest hurt and he wondered if he was having a heart attack on top of all the other problems he was facing. He knew he had to get out from under the boat before another wave struck and pulled it to the bottom of the ocean forever.
He took a deep breath and dove downward, kicking with his legs and guiding himself with his one good arm. The other was too weak to be of use now. His thigh and knee hurt and he silently prayed he wasn’t bleeding. The last thing he needed were sharks in a feeding frenzy. He struggled through the hatch and clawed his way under the deck and grabrail then swam outward and upward. The preserver carried him toward the surface of the waters as the turbulence from the sinking ship and the currents violently pulled at him. His head burst free of the water and he barely had time to take a breath as another powerful wave crashed down atop the overturned boat. He was pulled under once more, but his life preserver immediately pulled him upward to the surface again.
Choking and spitting seawater, he realized The Drifter was gone, pulled under by the last crashing wave. He was adrift in the middle of the ocean with little hope of rescue.
He felt himself rising and falling with the currents. Alone.
Do not fear, Jason. I am with you.
Lightning flashed and he saw the reflection of something floating nearby. He started swimming toward what he realized was the yellow crate that had busted loose from the deck of The Drifter. Reaching it, he clung to the canvas straps for dear life. It was airtight and the straps wrapped fully around it. The container was light and would stay afloat in the worst of conditions. He pushed his wrists under the straps and laid his head on the top of the container. As he took short rapid breaths the darkness closed in around him. The only source of light was the occasional flashes of lightning in the stormy sky. But it didn’t matter. The only thing he saw in those brief moments was the dark surface of the ocean as rain fell upon it.
Exhaustion finally overcame him and in minutes he was unconscious, oblivious to the storm around him.
And the only things that kept saved him from joining The Drifter on the bottom of the Atlantic were the canvas straps that held him on the floating container.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
A swell impacted the against the yellow fiberglass container, splashing his face and nearly jarring him loose. The suddenness woke Jason Branton with a start and he almost pulled his hands from the canvas straps before gathering his wits about him. It was still raining. Hard. He felt himself carried upward and downward with the waves.
The sky was a dark gray overhead.
Jason had no way of judging the time or how long he was unconscious. He wasn’t sure if it was morning or afternoon. He knew only that the storm was still raging about him, not quite as strong as it was in the night, but raging nonetheless. He tried to flex his arms but was greeted with intense pain in his shoulders, a result of being stretched across the floating container for hours. He looked about him, trying to take in his surroundings.
The rain was like a translucent curtain. Jason was able to see a short distance, but it prevented him from seeing far enough to look for land or ships. He shook his head, frustrated. He couldn’t even tell north from south or east from west.
What was he going to do? He was adrift somewhere in the Atlantic with little hope of being rescued during the storm. He was exhausted…still…and he didn’t even know which direction to move in order to do himself the most good.
I’m going to die, he thought morosely. No one will find me and the sharks will make a tasty meal of me.
He took a deep breath and released it slowly. He knew better than to panic. Panic would kill him faster than the sharks…okay, that was stretching it…but panicking was a bad thing in his situation. But it was all well and good to know and an entirely different thing to maintain his cool. In the end though, it didn’t really matter. It wasn’t like he could do anything but hold onto the storage crate and wait out the storm. He was lost. Period.
And he was hungry and thirsty too. God, was he thirsty. He was surrounded by water, nearly completely submerged in it, and he was thirsty.
Go figure.
Jason closed his eyes and lost himself in the movements of the swells. He tried to tune out the roar of the rain as it pelted the surface of the water like millions of ball bearings dropped from high above. He moved his legs. The knee he had hit while trying to keep The Drifter from sinking was stiff and sore. Jason opened his eyes again and released one arm from the straps to reach down and probe his banged up leg. So far as he could tell, he wasn’t bleeding. That was good.
Wouldn’t want to attract any sharks would I? He told himself. At least that had gone right.
His hand brushed the belt around his waist and he remembered the water bottle it held. His heart skipped a beat as he felt for the bottle. It was still there. Nearly brought to tears, he freed it and lifted it from the water. Using his teeth to loosen the cap, he filled his mouth with fresh drinking water and swallowed. Then he replaced the cap and secured the bottle to his belt once more. He thought about trying to open the crate, but he feared breaking the airtight seal, especially while the storm still raged. If the fiberglass container started to sink, he wouldn’t be far behind it.
So he drifted. And he drifted. Eventually, Jason grew sleepy again so he made sure both arms were firmly tangled in the canvas straps and fell asleep again.
So it went. Jason experienced brief periods of being awake, but as the hours passed by he grew weaker and weaker. The storm stopped at some point. It was replaced by a dense fog covering thicker than any Jason had ever seen. The following day, it was still there. He’d had more visibility when it was raining and that wasn’t saying much.
Chapter Two | God of the Seas
A being of immense power gazed across the waters of the Tranquil Sea, searching. The seas were his domain and it fell upon him to guard the gateway to Earth. No one who passed through was permitted to live. Not now. Not any longer.
Death now waited for all who passed from Earth through the Gateway, and this being…this god…would show no mercy.
It was as it as it had been for thousands of years.
When the Gateway had flared to life recently, the being was instantly aware and had turned his attentions upon the Tranquil Sea. He was certain someone or something had entered his realm, yet he saw no vessels and no men or women afloat on the open sea.
So he sent a storm. He sent powerful winds and waves. He made it so nothing could survive on his waters. And after he had commanded the storm to recede he combed the sandy floor of the Tranquil Sea for remains.
When he came upon the sunken boat that had been pulled to the bottom by the currents of the toiling waters seaweed was already gathering upon its hull. He sent his presence into the boat searching for remains of human origin. None were present.
Yet he knew someone must have been aboard to operate the tiny vessel. Once again he turned his attentions to the surface, searching nigh and far. And as he searched, a fog settled upon the waters.
It was a thick unnatural vapor that his transcendent vision could not penetrate. He knew. Only one could send a fog such as that. The Celestial One had found them after all these centuries. Somewhere within the vapors that blocked his vision was His agent…for the Celestial One always worked through another. Somewhere amongst the vast surface of the Tranquil Sea was a human who would contaminate everything he and his brethren had created.
He turned his focus away from the Tranquil Sea. There was little he could do if the Celestial One did not wish his servant to be found. It was more important to warn the others. Poseidon frowned as he considered Zeus’ reaction. His brother’s anger would be great.
Chapter Three | Sun at Last
Finally, after what seemed to Jason like days, the fog lifted and the waves settled into a more peaceful state. The waters were not entirely calm, but they were gentle at least. The sun rose as morning arrived, and it was cool for a few hours, gradually increasing in warmth as the noon hours approached.
He could see clearly in all directions now. Unfortunately, he saw no sign of land, ships or boats of any sort. All was silent and he was alone. The air was cool and clear. The ocean water was cold. He knew if he didn’t get out of it soon he would die.
At least with the skies clear, he had a sense of direction. The sun would set in the West, so he pointed himself in that direction and started kicking. It was slow going and the pain in his injured knee was unbearable. He struggled on through the day, pausing only to rest and to swallow an occasional mouthful of water from the bottle at his waist as his eyes scanned the surface of the waters around him. The sun was shining down on him with such intensity that he could feel it burning his scalp, neck and arms. He could feel his skin starting to blister and dry out.
Later in the day the sun began sinking toward the western horizon and he wondered how far he had travelled. Was it a mile? Two? There was no real way to tell. Everything looked the same in all directions and the sun was his only method of navigation. Nothing seemed to change no matter how long he paddled.
A new fear had risen halfway through the day. His lips, face and neck were so dry he knew it would soon start to crack, and once it did that the danger of bleeding would exist. The sharks would come then. He renewed his efforts to paddle westward with the fear driving him. Now the sun was nearly gone.
He was so tired he would have fallen unconscious earlier in the day if not for the cold waters causing his body to shiver and his sides to ache. As it was he just couldn’t do it anymore. He stopped kicking his feet and made sure the canvas straps were holding him securely. It wasn’t long before the peacefulness of sleep overcame him.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
When Jason Branton finally regained consciousness it was night once more. The glowing orb that had been the sun had disappeared hours previously. Careful not to completely lose his grip on the fiberglass crate he reached down to his belt with one hand and freed the water bottle from its pouch. It took some effort, but he managed to get the cap off and drink a few swallows. His hand was shaking uncontrollably from the cold that racked his body. He very nearly dropped the bottle more than once. 
The water had a plastic taste to it from being so long in the bottle but he savored it nonetheless. He replaced the cap and returned the bottle to its pouch. It was nearly gone now and he mentally made a note to take smaller swallows. He would take no more drinks in the evening hours, electing to save it for the sunlit hours.
The obsessive growling of his stomach brought him to distraction as it reminded him that he needed food. It was like an involuntary fast.
He prayed nearly constantly. At first his prayers were focused and targeted on his situation, but as time wore on he eventually realized he was speaking more gibberish than anything else. And so he stopped. He tried to keep God foremost in his thoughts, but he didn’t speak for fear of the energy he would release. And he needed that energy badly.
He gazed up at the stars. None of them looked familiar. The constellations seemed alien to him. They made no sense. He could only assume his perceptions were becoming unreliable. It had to be the exposure, right?
It wasn’t as if the stars could realign themselves, was it?
So he went nowhere that evening for fear of going back the way he had already travelled.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
As the light of the sun began to crest the eastern horizon, Jay scanned the western skies desperately. The stars were quickly fading and he made the effort to memorize them as best he could for the following evening even though he hoped his nightmare would end sooner.
There were no land masses nearby so far as he could see. He floated on silently under the sun as it grew relentless with the approaching noon hours. Halfway through the day, after ceaselessly pushing the yellow crate westward, he finally drank the last of the bottled water. 
Still he pushed himself. Time was growing short. If something in his situation did not soon change he would die.
It was late in the afternoon when the last of his energy gave out. The cold waters, the aching in his shoulders, arm and knee…it all combined to overwhelm his thoughts and sap his strength. His mind began to grow fuzzy from dehydration, malnutrition and exhaustion. Finally, unable to fight it any longer, he lost consciousness and plummeted into a deep sleep.
A few minutes later, the first of the fins breached the surface of the water near him, but he was oblivious.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
The pod of dolphins circled the floating figure of the human several times before their leader finally swam close and nudged him with its nose. Getting no response from the human, he nudged harder. But the man was unable to respond.
The human is weak, dying, the leader communicated to his fellow pod members.
He came from the other place, another responded.
The pod leader squeaked. We must guide him to salvation.
Why must we do this thing? One of their number protested.
Because me must.
The humans hunt us. They kill us.
We owe them nothing!
Yet we must. The creator commands it.
The Creator has found us?
So it seems. Come, let us begin.
The other dolphins responded with clicks, whistles and trills, expressing their willingness to do as the Creator commanded. They circled the unconscious form of Jay Branton several times to study him, curious why this wrinkly faced human with short brown and gray hair was favored by the Creator. Who was this man, this human, that he would enter their realm by the hand of God?
Finally, one-by-one they began to take turns nudging and pushing Jay and the strange yellow box in the proper direction as commanded.
The journey was long and the human slept through the entirety of it. The dolphins sensed that the man’s life was ebbing so they hurried as best they could manage. It took many hours, but they knew the proper direction. The night grew long and it was not until the eastern skies were finally beginning to lighten that a distant shoreline came into view. The currents turned and helped their efforts to guide him toward land.
Chapter Four | The Spirit
The light hovered before Jason Branton, always just out of reach, and as much as he tried to reach it, it never seemed to get closer. Both arms stretched toward it, and he cried out, trying to call it to him, but always...always it remained just beyond the tips of his straining fingertips. In frustration, he yelled at it, he commanded it to come to him, but it refused to do so as if it had a life of its own. He was floating weightlessly and without support, but he felt a resistance to his movements. Something pulled at him. Something tried to keep him from the light. He kicked as hard as he could.
He gazed helplessly at the light and tried to discern its shape. It was bright, too bright to stare at directly. He found himself trying to avert his eyes after gazing for more than a few seconds. The light moved slightly at the outer edges, like wings flexing…wings of light.
It was at this point that his faith rose up within him. He whispered weakly, calling out to his Lord with prayer. He tried to focus but his thoughts were scattered and out of control. All he could do is cry out for help. So he did. And he was surprised at the result.
I am here.
He jumped, startled by the powerful voice. It echoed within his head, within his entire being. And then he was washed over with a wave of peacefulness and contentment.
It is not your time, child.
Again he felt the voice through the core of his being. He realized he wasn’t hearing it with his ears, but within his spirit. Jason called out with what little strength he possessed, “Father?”
I am the Spirit of the Living God.
Now Jason was certain he was near death.
You must tell them, Jason.
“Tell who,” he gasped. “And tell them what?”
The people, Jason. Tell them of our love. Tell them of the truth. Open their eyes, Jason. Make those with eyes see, and those with ears hear.
“I don’t understand,” Jason called out. He was suddenly very cold and shaking uncontrollably. “The light is so beautiful, can't I just touch it?”
Yes. I am the light, Jason. I shall flow from within you. All you must do is call upon me.
“I’m lost,” Jason cried. “And I can’t find my way clear of danger.”
Trust in us. When danger is near you must trust in us.
“Yes,” Jason bawled, full of emotion. He was growing sleepy…tired.
You will see things, Jason. And you may be overwhelmed. Believe. Believe.
The potent voice of the Spirit began to fade.
Believe.
“Wait!” Jason cried out desperately. “Please don’t go!”
But the light didn’t go. It suddenly grew closer. And it grew larger. Ecstatically, Jason threw his arms wide, welcoming the light. He was speechless as it engulfed him and then filled him with itself. Tears rolling down his cheeks, Jason closed his eyes. He was no longer afraid. He was no longer struggling toward the light. It was within him now. He smiled and went to sleep at last…and all was good.
Chapter Five | Leihla
The water felt cool as it washed over Leihla’s bare feet. She enjoyed her walks on the beach before sunrise each morning. It wasn’t as easy for her to get around these days. She was getting close to the end of her life, but she was content that it had been a full one. For years her health had progressively gotten worse. Her back always hurt…so much so that it forced her to walk with a slouch to her shoulders and upper back. She was getting on in years and she had come to accept that.
So each day, just before sunrise, she left her cabin in the nearby village and came to the seaside to walk and watch the sun rise on the horizon.
Further back on the beach, the tides had built small dunes of sand that she liked to sit on to watch the sunrise. She enjoyed the sounds of the whitecaps rolling up onto the shore. These were the final days of her life and she fully intended to get the most of them. When most women reached the same point in their lives, they preferred to spend their last days with their children and grandchildren. Leihla had no family. Not since he husband died some twenty years past. She was alone except for her friends in the village. In truth, she felt like a mother at times. She did her best to watch after her fellow villagers.
Nu Pike was not a large village. Only close to fifty adults lived there. The village was off the beaten path except for the occasional traveler. It consisted of some thirty buildings that had been constructed around the well that rest in the center of the village. Nu Pike was an old village. The first few buildings were built some thirty years prior and the others were constructed as the years passed and more people came.
Leihla’s cabin had been among the first to be built. She and her husband had settled there after spending years in Placid. He was a tradesman, a blacksmith, and the demands of a large city like Placid had become too much. They’d had money saved and they decided it was time to leave. They traveled north and discovered the small settlement that would become Nu Pike. It soon became home.
But that was a long time ago, and Leihla missed her husband. She wanted to see him again in the afterlife. Life since his death had been hard, unbelievably hard. The people of Nu Pike were nice enough. They reached out to her. They tried their best to help her feel as though she was important to them. Their intentions were good, but she was tired. The constant pain in her back didn’t help her attitude. Some mornings the pain seemed unbearable. But she always managed to watch the sunrise over the waters of the Tranquil Sea.
Leihla glanced eastward and saw the sky just beginning to brighten. She smiled and turned to the closed dune. It wasn’t a big one, none of them were. When she reached the summit she turned and eased herself into a sitting position to wait. She watched the horizon with a practiced eye. The stars were fading with the coming light of day.
As Leihla watched the sun crest the horizon she thought back to happier days. She’d had a good childhood. Her parents had been loving and caring. They owned a small farm north of Rosenthorn. She hadn’t seen them for years, and didn’t even know if they were still alive. She doubted it. She was, after all, old herself. In his younger years, her husband Benjamin was a man of promise and she had been in love. She left with him after they were wed, and until the day he died she never regretted it.
Something in the water drew her eyes. A movement. She focused on it. It was a good ways out and whatever it was kept getting lost amidst the waves. She kept watching, curiously trying to make out some detail. She saw yellow…of that she was sure. The object was slowly moving closer, and as it did it became easier to see. It was a chest of some sort, although she had never seen a chest that could float. The movements of the chest were strange. It was coming toward the shore in surges. Leihla made her way closer to the edge of the water to see clearer. There was movement around the container and something was tied to it.
Leihla realized with a start that it was a man. And then she saw the first fin break the surface, and then another. Dolphins.
Was it her imagination or were those dolphins shoving the man toward shore? She stretched her neck as if such a movement would help her eyes see better. She heard the dolphins squeak loudly.
Leihla looked toward the village. No one was visible.
Turning back, she saw that the figure in the surf was closer. She hesitated a moment longer and then hefted the hem of her dress and started wading into the water. It wasn’t long before bottom of the dress was soaked regardless of her precaution, so she left it drop and kept making her way further out. Leihla went as far as she could. She couldn’t swim, not at her age. So she stopped and waited. And she watched.
And the dolphins shoved the man and chest within her reach. She grabbed hold and started pulling both toward shore. The dolphins squeaked and frolicked once free of their burden, as if rejoicing that they had accomplished some mission.
They could have helped a little longer, Leihla thought silently as she pulled on the chest. Her chest was pounding, and she was concerned that the day she had been expecting was at hand. Oh, stop it, woman, she told herself. If you were to die now, this poor man would surely drown.
So she kept at it, praying to the gods for strength. The gods must have been busy, because it was the hardest thing she had done in years. It didn’t surprise her. The gods had ignored her pleas for a very long time.
Chapter Six | Josephine
Josephine knocked a second time on the door to old Leihla’s cabin. She put her ear to the door and tried to hear movement within the old building. She was still listening when the door suddenly swung open and Leihla frowned out at her. Josephine straightened, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry, Miss Leihla,” she said as she tried to casually look pass the woman. “I thought maybe I could wash some bedding for you. I know you are busy and all.”
Leihla’s eyes narrowed. She silently stared at the girl before her.
“So…” Josephine continued. “Do you have anything that needs washing?”
Leihla sighed, shook her head and stepped back. “Here to see the stranger, aren’t you young lady?” Leihla asked. She waved the girl in. Only hours ago she had pulled the man to safety and returned to the village for help. The men carried the stranger and his yellow chest to one of the spare rooms in her cabin as ordered. She immediately sent one of them after Talon, a soldier for hire who lived near the village on his own property. Talon was a skilled herbalist and often helped when someone in the village was in a bad way. Unfortunately, the man she’d sent soon returned to inform her that Talon was nowhere to be found.
“Well,” she remarked. “Come in then, girl. I have no bedding to be cleaned just yet, but you may come in and have a look. I could use someone to sit with him a bit while I prepare some broth.”
Josephine perked up. “Is he awake?” She asked hopefully. Would she actually get to talk with this stranger she’d heard about?
But Leihla shook her head. “No,” she remarked. “He hasn’t shown much sign of life at all except that he’s breathing, and even that is weak. He may not survive.”
Leihla led Josephine down a short hall to a room with an open door. As they approached Josephine noticed the room was dark, but dimly lit by candles. Leihla explained.
“The poor man must have been afloat on the water for days. His skin is sunburned…dry and cracked. Brace yourself, girl. Seeing a man so near death isn’t the adventure you think it is.”
They entered the room. The first thing Josephine took note of was the smell. Leihla was notorious for keeping a clean home. She had to. Hers was the largest cabin in the village and travelers often stayed in her spare rooms because the village had no inn. But as the two women entered the spare bedroom, Josephine’s sense of smell was overwhelmed by a very strong odor. She realized it was the smell of burned flesh and she had to fight the urge to gag. Leihla moved silently to the nightstand and lifted a candle to hold close to the stranger’s face so that Josephine could see his face more clearly.
“Gods save him,” Josephine muttered in shock. Old Leihla’s warning did not prepare her properly for what she saw lying in the bed. The man looked horribly scarred by the sun. His ace was leathery and dry. His cheeks and forehead were so drained of moisture that they were cracked. Puss oozed from several of the wounds.
Leihla gave her a moment and then set the candle back onto the nightstand. She reached into a bowl of water that was also sitting on the nightstand and wrung out a folded cloth she pulled from within. She reached over the man’s face and used the cloth to blot the wounds and clean off the puss.
“I’ve covered the windows for his comfort,” Leihla replied sadly. “I think he’s had enough of the sun, don’t you.”
Josephine was speechless. Whatever she had expected, it was not this. A little sunburn, yes. But this man looked like some undead creature that rose from the depths of the sea. She knew just by looking at him that this man had little chance to live.
Leihla turned and looked at her for a moment. “Come take over, girl,” she said. “I’ll go to fix the broth.”
Josephine hesitated then stepped forward to take the cloth and rinse it in the bowl. As she stared at the man she realized that beneath the wounds caused by the sun and the sea was a noble-looking man of perhaps fifty years, maybe less. She reached over with the cloth and started to blot the cracks and skin of the man’s face. As she did so, he eyes wondered downward to his shoulders. They were also burned and cracked, so she tried to apply the cool cloth to them as well. She had to fight to keep from shedding tears for this man who was suffering so badly. She realized it was no small blessing that he was unconscious. His suffering would be much worse if he were awake.
Some minutes later, Leihla returned with a warm bowl of broth and a small stack of clean cloths. She set both on the nightstand, left the room for a moment, and then returned with a second bowl filled with clean water…which she also placed on the nightstand. After picking up the older bowl of water, she took the cloth Josephine was using and left the room.
Leihla was no healer, Josephine realized. Really, no one in the village was. Josephine was frowning as Leihla reentered the room once more. “I think you, young miss,” she whispered as she took Josephine’s place at the bedside. She dipped one of the clean cloths into the fresh water and went to blotting the man’s skin again.
Josephine watched for several long moments. Her eyes were moist and she couldn’t help but feel like she was attending the wake of some poor dead soul.
“He’s going to die, isn’t he?” She asked Leihla.
The old woman was silent for several moments before she answered, but then she shook her head slowly. “I know it looks bad for him, girl,” she said. “But this man survived when no one else would have. Did you know even the sea worked to save him? When I first saw him, dolphins were helping him to shore. Imagine that.”
Josephine’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“Oh, aye,” Leihla replied. She smiled down at the man. “This one’s a fighter.”
Josephine hesitated. She watched for a moment as the old woman tenderly used the cloth to clean the man’s face and moisten it. After the pause she asked, “Isn’t there something more we can do?”
She suddenly wanted to help this man live. No one deserved to suffer like this.
Leihla frowned as she worked. She shook her head slowly and said, “This is all I know to do, girl, and the Lonely Knight is nowhere to be found.”
Talon, Josephine thought. The older women of the village called him the Lonely Knight because they had never seen him with a woman.
“Talon is not at his cabin?” She asked the old woman.
Leihla shook her head again. “No,” she answered. “One of the men checked. If he were here, he would know of some healing herbs that would help this poor man. Trying to keep his wounds clean is all I know to do.”
Josephine pursed her lips as she considered. Talon was a friend. Well, maybe not a close friend. She wanted him to be though. She wanted him to be more than a friend. Half the young girls in the village did. She and her friends had watched from the trees near his cabin as he chopped wood. He was often shirtless when he did so. Talon was a bit of an obsession for the teenage girls of Nu Pike. How could he not be? He was young himself, in his early twenties, and he was strong. He was a fighter as well. But Josephine was the only girl who had been brave enough to speak to him when he visited the village.
“I think I know where he might be,” she replied. “There’s a place in the forest he has visited that has many of the plants he gets his herbs from. Maybe he is there gathering them?”
Leihla glanced up at the girl with a knowing eye. “Been there with him, have you, girl?” She commented.
Josephine blushed. “Oh, no ma’am,” she quickly answered. “Not with him exactly.”
Leihla smiled up at her. “I see,” she remarked. “You and the other girls like to spy on him, do you?”
Josephine reddened even more. Leihla looked at the girl with a knowing gaze. Josephine was pretty enough in her own right. And she would reach her eighteenth year soon enough. She might be just what the Lonely Knight needed someday. But now wasn’t the time for all that.
“Josephine,” Leihla commanded. “Go check these woods you mention. If Talon is there, tell him what has happened and ask him to come. This man needs help I cannot provide.”
When Josephine didn’t move quickly enough, Leihla snapped, “Go now, girl! Find him!”
Josephine raced from the room and left the cabin. She hoped Talon was where she suspected for the sake of the stranger.
Chapter Seven | Talon
Along the northeastern coast of Jennai and somewhere deep within in the forests two leagues above the poor village of Nu Pike, a young soldier named Talon moved silently through the trees examining particular plants and trees. He occasionally pulled certain plants up by their roots and placed them into various pouches attached to his belt. He shivered as a cool breeze racked his tall, muscular and leather clad body. His lengthy red hair caught in the breeze and got in his face. He casually brushed it aside and continued his search for the plants he used to create herbal remedies for himself and the people of Nu Pike.
He arrived in the area early as the sun as rising on a cool morning. It warmed as the day wore on, but now as dusk approached there was a chill in the air once more. The mornings and evenings had been unseasonably cold of late and the days cooler than the norm. It sometimes seemed that harsh rains and hail assaulted the area on a daily basis. A light mist was already saturating the region. The smell of a coming downpour was carried by the breeze.
The mist had made Talon’s tunic and britches damp. They clung uncomfortably to his skin. He cursed the weather. The rain would help the crops though…he supposed that was a good thing. But why the foul weather?
It was as though winter were coming early.
Talon shook his head. Northern Jennai was no stranger to winter. It suffered the worse of them over the years. But it had never come this early. If it were the case the people of northern Jennai, being mostly farmers, would have little warning to bring in their crops. The crops were unlikely to even be ready for harvesting yet.  He lifted his gaze toward the north.
The Whispering Peaks could be seen in the distance through the trees. Was that snow he saw on their summits? Talon shook his head.
Winter was coming.
How many times had he heard that phrase while growing from boyhood to manhood in Ephrath? Of the seven lesser kingdoms that comprised Jennai, Ephrath was the northern-most. As a result it suffered the harshest of winters. Most lasted no more than one hundred days. Others, rarely, lasted much longer. The Long Winter ended thirty years past, long before Talon had been born. It had lasted ten years.
Talon shook his head.  He couldn’t imagine experiencing a winter that lasted so long. He wondered if the Long Winter had come as early as this current threatened to do. It seemed to Talon there was always cold now, every long night and every dreary day. As he gathered plants, several were already beginning to wilt from the dropping temperatures. The sky was developing an overcast.
Would the coming storm bring hail as well? It certainly seemed cool enough.
Some nearby bushes rustled and two large snow wolves stepped into view. The bigger of the two had a dead rabbit hanging limp from his mouth. Talon grinned.
“That’s disgusting,” said a woman’s voice from nearby.
Talon turned to see the speaker. The girl Josephine stood leaning against a tree, smiling. He arched an eyebrow. “Reaper is just providing me with lunch,” he returned. “You are a long way from Nu Pike, girl.”
Josephine straightened her stance to better show her height.
“I’m no girl,” she told him. “And I was sent to find you. You’re needed in the village.”
Talon frowned. “I’m busy,” he said. The two wolves padded over to stand at his side. Talon reached down to ruffle the smaller one’s head. “Is this something important?”
Josephine walked closer. Talon took note of how her damp clothes clung to her body as well. Josephine was an attractive young woman. Funny how he had never noticed before.
She stopped a few feet from him. “A man washed up on the beach this morning. He’s in a bad way, Talon,” she said. “Old Leihla is looking after him but she says there isn’t much she knows to do.”
“How bad is it?” Talon asked her.
Josephine frowned ad shook her head. “I’m no healer, knight,” she remarked. “But he looks near death. The sun badly damaged him.”
Talon looked at the sky. There was still time left in the day. He looked down at the white wolves next to him. Reaper had laid the dead rabbit at his feet. Talon laughed. He kneeled and pet the wolf, and then pet Sheba as well. He grabbed the rabbit and stood. “Thank you, my friend,” he told Reaper. He looked up at Josephine.
“We can go,” he told her. “I’ll need to go to my cabin first. There are some herbs there that we may need.”
They set off in the direction of his cabin with the two wolves following closely behind. It was a long walk. Both remained silent for several long minutes. Josephine walked beside Talon and occasionally cast glances behind them at Reaper and Sheba. Most of the villagers were nervous around the wolves. Snow wolves were often encountered in the Barrier Mountains…at least that’s what everyone said. They were bigger than any normal wolf she had seen. Some of the men of the village claimed they were meaner as well. There were stories told by the old men about these two particular wolves and their master.
Josephine casually looked at Talon through the corner of her eye. He was as handsome as ever and solidly built. She liked the way his tunic just sort of draped over the muscles of his shoulders and chest. He caught her looking and she turned away with a blush.
After a moment, Talon spoke. “The forest is beautiful,” he said softly.
His words caught her off guard and seemed unusually loud after several minutes of quiet.
“Excuse me?” She nearly stammered. What was wrong with her? She was giddy like some child with a crush.
Talon smiled pleasantly and answered, “I said the forest in beautiful.” He lifted an arm and gently waved at their surroundings. “It’s unusual to be so cool this time of year, but I like the turning of the leaves.”
Josephine blushed. “Yes, it is very nice.”
Josephine mentally scolded herself. For years now she and the other girls of the village had admired Talon covertly and now that she had an opportunity to finally speak with him, her tongue was tied. She thought of her friends in the village and how they would ask about this moment. Would she tell them she acted like an idiot?
For his part, Talon was just trying to be polite. The growing silence in the presence of such a beautiful young woman seemed increasingly rude. But, gods, getting her to speak was like pulling teeth!
He looked at her. “I don’t think we’ve ever spoken before, have we?”
Josephine stared straight ahead. She was afraid if she looked Talon in the eyes all her secret feelings would be exposed. “No…but I’ve seen you around from time to time.” There! She said something!
Talon replied, “I’ve never laid eyes on you either, come to think of it.” He paused. “Are you sure you are really from Nu Pike?” He was joking, but she didn’t take it that way.
“Of course I am!” She said, suddenly angry. “It isn’t my fault you’ve no desire to look at us women.” Oh, gods! Did she really just say that?
Talon smiled. “Well, I apologize. I like women…just not young girls.”
Josephine stopped walking. “I am not a girl,” she snapped at him. “I’m a woman through and through! Or are you only interested in the sort that takes your steel for an evening’s pleasure?”
Now it was Talon’s turn to blush. He watched as tears welled up in Josephine’s eyes. He had embarrassed her. He had offended and embarrassed her. But she had fire. He had to give her that much.
“I’m sorry, Josephine,” he remarked. “It’s just that…well…you know what I am. Men like me live their lives alone because of the circumstances of our birth. I don’t deserve a good woman like you.” It was true, he silently told himself.
Josephine’s anger left her as quickly as it had come. “Talon, never tell yourself you do not deserve to be happy. It’s not your fault that your father had no control over his own actions. And besides,” she said. “Look at what you’ve done with your life. You fight in battles that are not your own. If you did it only for the steel coins, you would not have been awarded with your land. And you help the people of Nu Pike too. You help us to buy supplies each year to make it through the cold winters. You cure our illnesses and treat our injuries with your herbalist skills. Why, I’ve even seen you help make repairs on the buildings in the village when they need them.”
King Stanley Judson Renick had given him the title to several properties on the mainland. Talon, who had hired on as a mercenary with Renick to fight a war against pirates, had served loyally and eventually saved the life of Renicks’ wife and three children. Thankful to Talon, King Renick had awarded him the cabin and the patch of land it rest on. It was a modest shelter, and being so close to the salty sands of the coast did not do much to encourage the plants in Talon’s small garden to grow, but it was a place he could call his own.
“That is all true,” he replied. “But even so, the world sees me as man marked as baseborn by the name given me. I cannot inherit lands or title.”
“Do you think that is all it takes to be a man?” She asked him as they continued walking. “I don’t know about that, Talon. I always weighed the value of a man by his actions and if he kept his promises. I’ve never seen you act without honor.”
How had he not seen this remarkable woman in Nu Pike before? He must have been blind. He was quiet with his thoughts for several minutes as they walked.
Just when Josephine thought she had offended him, she heard him mumble something. “What’s that?” She asked.
“I said,” Talon remarked louder. “That I have never paid a whore.”
“What?” She responded. “Oh, don’t tell me you believe yourself lower than even those women!”
“No,” he said. “I just never had the desire for a woman like that. They’re unclean…used.”
“Their human, just like you and me,” she told him. She wondered why she was suddenly defending such women. And then a thought hit her. “So, you’ve never been in a relationship?”
Talon shook his head. “No,” he said. “I always wanted a good woman, but never thought I deserved one. I still don’t.”
Josephine frowned. “If anyone deserves such a thing, I would think it would be you,” she assured him. “You mean to tell me you have never even been with a woman…at all?” She blushed. A short while ago she could barely speak to Talon. Now she was asking deeply personal questions of him?
Talon said nothing for a minute and then answered, “As I said, the whores were too unclean, and the others were too good for me.” He pointed as his cabin finally came into view. “I’ve been satisfied with the things I’ve got. I earned them through honest work. I hire my blade out to earn steel coins on occasion and my father sends me a stipend each month. I like the peacefulness of being alone.”
“That’s not what the old women in the village say,” Josephine remarked. “They call you the Lonely Knight, you know…they say the sadness is in your eyes.” She hesitated. “You know what I think?”
“What’s that?” Talon asked, unsure if he truly wanted to hear her answer.
“I think that you are too hard on yourself,” she told him. “I think everyone deserves to be happy, and it shouldn’t be denied because of the circumstances on one’s birth.”
They were quiet as they closed the distance to the cabin. Josephine had never been this close to it before. She and the other girls in the village had looked from afar, the way giddy, silly girls tended to do. The yard was clean. A pile of firewood sat near the side of the cabin, covered by a small covering built to keep it dry. In the middle of the front yard was a stump. She and the other girls had spied on Talon as he chopped wood there, his muscles rippling on his shirtless chest. She blushed again, remembering.
Talon went into his cabin and she followed. No one beside Talon had ever seen the inside of his cabin. It was a small one with only a few rooms. The main room had a wood stove, a table and several chairs. He had built cabinets to hold his foodstuffs and cooking pots. There was a fireplace on one wall, built of stone. The front room, the main one, was a fairly large room, but there were no other furnishings or decorations. There were, however, a small stack of tomes on the table.
Josephine wondered to the table as Talon went into the back room and gathered some things. She looked at the books on the table.
“You read?” She called back to Talon.
“Aye,” he answered as he walked back into the room. He carried a satchel over one shoulder. “One of the perks of being my father’s baseborn son…he made sure I was well educated.”
“I wish I could read,” Josephine said. “No one in the village does.”
“I could teach you one day, if you like,” Talon suggested. “These tomes are old, but they have some good stories in them.”
Josephine shook her head, doubtful. “I don’t know…I don’t know if I’m smart enough.”
Talon smiled. “Now you sound like me.”
Josephine giggled. “I guess I do,” she said.
Talon led her to the door. “You just let me know if you would like to learn,” he told her as he opened the door. “I will make the time to teach you. Let us go. I’m curious about this stranger you mentioned.”
Chapter Eight | Samuel
It was night and many, many leagues north, far beyond the Whispering Peaks and the forested foothills of the Barrier Mountains above the northern border of Jennai, a light snow had already begun to fall and the night air had become deadly cold.
A patrol of three men huddled with their horses under a leafless tree as the cloud-hidden sun set around the dark, dense forest.  These woods offered them scant shelter from the frigid winds. As their breath crystalized into frost before their faces, each of the three men knew their presence was a necessary one. As Barrier Wardens, it fell to them to patrol the Barrier Mountains and watch for invasion from the north by the savage Skarns that dwelled beyond the tall, ice covered peaks.
Becoming a Warden was easy enough…surviving long as one had proven much harder to many that were sworn to the service. It was a dangerous life that carried with it no fame or fortune as they had often dreamed of as children. These men had long since sacrificed such ambitions as a result of action, birth or choice. Their oath to the Wardens prohibited even romantic relationships for the remainder of their lives unless of noble birth. One of these men, Wenton Haist, was such a nobleman who served as a commander in the wardens. After five years of service, he would be given lands and would retire comfortably. The other two would be Wardens until they drew their last breaths on Saran because they were lifers.
The dregs of society, social outcasts, the criminals and men too poor to make their way in Jennai were given the opportunity to become Barrier Wardens. For these, it had to be a lifetime commitment – especially for the criminals, who usually chose between execution and life as a warden. They were a chance to serve Jennai in a noble way – to serve a useful purpose. And those that served eventually adjusted and did well enough…or died.
The men shivered in the biting wind and flurries of snow as the chilled temperatures made them shake so badly their sides hurt. The cold was bone-racking and harsh. Several times throughout the day and evening, they had found small animals frozen solid by the harsh reality of a winter that had arrived without warning and too soon to be natural, leaving the poor creatures little time to migrate south. They kept moving, knowing that without proper shelter, none of them would outlast the night.
Each of these heavily garbed men was unique in their own way. The oldest, Joffrey, had been a warden the longest and his face carried the scars of frostbite. He had survived The Long Winter some thirty years past, but had lost a brother and several lifelong friends to the malevolent season that nearly destroyed Jennai.
Samuel was the youngest of the three. He was a boyishly handsome lad, certainly not the type one would expect to see as a warden. Orphaned at a young age and forced to steal in order to survive on the streets of Placid, Samuel had been caught and offered service in the Wardens instead of hard labor in a prison camp or imprisonment in a dungeon. He had come to embrace his status as a warden, and the makeshift family that had come with it.
Their inexperienced but proud commander, Sir Wenton Haist, was a tall man - imposing because of his size - but not very skilled in the ways of combat. Commander Wenton Haist had come to join the Barrier Wardens only six months prior, and it was immediately evident that he had little combat and survival training, if any at all.  But as the eighth son of his father, he had very little chance of inheriting any lands, so he’d decided to become a Barrier Warden instead.
Unlike Joffrey and Samuel, Commander Haist was not a “lifer” – and he lorded it over them every opportunity that presented itself. In four and a half years, he knew he would be awarded lands and knighthood – and knighthood came with its own rewards.
Wenton Haist had arrived with everything his father had thought would make his life easier, but none of it really mattered.  Within the Barrier Wardens, all men started from the same spot.  Still, Haist was the son of a rich lord with far too many heirs, so this afforded him a little assistance from the other men at least.  He was a headstrong man who’d gotten just about all he wished while he was living in his father’s keep, and he sometimes enjoyed mistreating those he judged inferior to him. But he was also a hard worker and determined to lead no matter how poorly suited to command he was.
The three men sat on their horses facing east, allowing the surrounding trees to hide their presence with what little cover their bare limbs could offer. Their horses were trained for stealth, as were the horses of all the Barrier Wardens. No horse could ever remain completely silent, but these made minimal noise at least.
All three wardens were staring through the trees at a slowly moving column of Skarns. The line of savages moved solemnly south toward the ragged foothills that rested just north of the Seneca Inlet. As they counted, they realized the column numbered close to one hundred of the savages. No women seemed to ever travel with the Skarns. They were a savage race of conquerors. Each was armed with a large two-handed battle axe common to their kind. The heavy weapons were slung across their backs as they preferred to carry them, but the three wardens knew any one of the savages could easily and quickly free his weapon for battle.
The three Wardens knew as well that the presence of this many Skarns represented a substantial threat to the realm of Jennai, their home. In the past, the savages only appeared as small scouting or hunting parties, easily dispatched by the highly trained warden patrols. This larger group could only mean one thing…invasion. If that were the case, there were likely other columns hidden somewhere within the confines of the Barrier Mountains. That was the dilemma the three wardens now faced. They knew they should ride straight for one of the towers or to Barrier Keep to warn their fellows of the Skarn presence, but Haist wished to gain an accurate counting of the size of the invading force before making that decision.
Wardens kept their scouting parties to minimal size in order to avoid detection in just such circumstances, but given the rapidly deteriorating weather conditions, they dare not send one of their party alone to warn the Warden General. The chances of a lone traveller meeting an untimely death were much too high of a risk at this point. So Commander Haist watched the column several score furlongs distant, considering.
“If only we could discover their overall numbers,” Wenton remarked with a whisper. “But if we remain this close, we risk discovery…and if that happens we’ll be dead in very short order. Then no one will be left to warn the Barrier Wardens of the invading force.”
Joffrey nodded. This young commander had not yet earned the respect of the rest of the Wardens, but in this he felt his superior was judging wisely. With a sidelong glance at the young Samuel beside him, Joffrey whispered his reply. “I vote we warn the rest of the Wardens, sir,” he said. “Other scouts can be sent out to investigate later.”
Commander Haist glared momentarily at this old man who felt his opinion was valued. Clearly, the man had mistaken Haist’s comments as a request for input. Joffrey did not notice his commanders glare, but young Samuel did. The lad quickly turned his face forward to look again at the column, wisely keeping his own opinions to himself.
Wenton Haist knew now was not the time to reprimand the old man, so he made a mental note to do so later and moved on. “I count ninety-five,” he whispered. It was an odd number, but surely such a large party would have several men scouting ahead, watching for dangers. That they had not spotted them did not bother the commander. Wardens were a stealthy lot, while the Skarns tended to trudge along making all sorts of noise. He doubted stealth was even a part of these savages’ vocabulary.
“We ride west and south toward the towers,” he whispered to his men. “We will see how these Skarns fare against a fully prepared army of Barrier Wardens.”
Joffrey and Samuel nodded as the commander silently backed his horse and began turning it. From the corner of his eye, Haist saw a nearby shadow move and turned in surprise.
He never uttered another word. His body straightened with the shock of a large battle axe flying through the air and striking him from the saddle. Both Joffrey and Samuel stared in shock at their commander’s body as it dropped hard to the snow-covered earth. A Skarn charged from the trees, screaming a war cry as he hauled his axe back over his head and swung it forward toward old man Joffrey. Joffrey recovered his senses enough to haul the reins of his horse back. The axe came forward to miss him barely, but it penetrated deeply into the flesh of his horse’s shoulder and lodged there. The Skarn yanked with both hands and pulled the axe free as the horse started to collapse beneath Joffrey.
Samuel, having recovered from the initial shock of the attack, watched as another savage charged from the trees toward the fallen corpse of Command Haist, intent on retrieving his own battle axe. Samuel drew his sword as he saw his friend and mentor going down with his horse, rolling free at the last second and struggling to pull his own sword free of its scabbard.
Joffrey turned to face his own opponent, sword raised. With a quick sidelong glance to Samuel, he snapped, “Run, boy! Warn the Wardens!” He raised his weapon to parry the swing of the Skarn he faced. Axe hit sword with a loud and resounding clang. “Go now!”
Samuel spun is horse away and it sprung forward into the waiting trees. Low hanging branches slapped his face as he raced away, disregarding stealth now that their presence had been discovered. He moved his horse as quickly as he could, winding around trees and glancing behind to watch for pursuit. The sound of steel striking steel echoed through the forest as he fled, desperate to survive his first encounter with the savage Skarns. He briefly considered that he should turn back to help Joffrey, but he was more scared than he had ever been in his life. The old man’s death cry suddenly filled the forest. Samuel gasped as he leaned forward, focusing on escape through the tears of horror that flowed down his cheeks. He was only seventeen he scolded himself. He should not be on patrol as a Barrier Warden. Shouts rose from behind him, but they were fading in the distance. He was gaining much needed space between himself and the Skarns that surely pursued him.
His mouth hung open, dry with fear, but gulping air as his panic threated to overwhelm him. His tongue felt like leather. He knew the fear he felt was causing it. He didn’t let his horse slow. He was sure that his pursuers would catch him if he slowed, and he knew the warning he carried was all too important.
Eventually, he no longer heard the Skarns rushing after him. Still, it felt like several hours had passed before he finally slowed his horse to a trot along a slight overgrown trail. He could tell his mount was tired and badly needed to rest, but he was afraid to stop. He untied his wineskin from the pommel of his saddle, uncapped it and drank deeply as icy cold snow began to fall more thickly from a dark sky. Was it night? He wondered. It was hard to tell this deep in the forests of the Barrier Mountains. It was always cloudy overhead, and the thick branches of the trees blocked even moonlight for the most part.
Samuel only knew it was hard to see. He pulled back on the reins and finally stopped his horse, deciding he no longer had a choice but to do so. The poor creature was breathing heavy with effort and was sweating, even in this penetrating cold. Instinctually, Samuel knew he had to let his steed rest and find it some water. He climbed down and peered about, trying to get his bearings. It was hard to tell exactly where he was in the growing darkness, but he suspected he was not far from a stream they had crossed earlier in the day. He poured some liquid from the wineskin into his palm and raised it to the horses’ snout. The creature slurped the wine gladly. After comforting the horse, he began leading it silently forward toward where he believed the stream was.
Although he had badly misjudged the distance, he found the stream many minutes later. It was frozen over with a thin layer of ice. Pulling out his sword, he hacked away some ice and let his horse drink. The water, he knew, was deathly cold, but the animal needed it and wasn’t likely to protest any time soon. He rubbed the side of the horse, trying to comfort and warm it as he tried to watch the woods around him for signs of danger. He was still frightened, but at least he was calm now and his throat wasn’t quite so dry and parched. He drank deeply of his wineskin again, then decided he had better add water to the wine to make it last. He knew he was some distance north of the Seneca Inlet…several leagues at the very least. He would have to travel throughout the night and put as much distance between himself and the Skarns as he could. He waited just long enough for his horse’s breathing to become more regular and then pulled down the small sack of oats that was tied to his saddlebags. Opening it, he held it before the muzzle of the horse and it began to eat. He silently took note that there weren’t a lot of oats left. He would have to hope the horse had as much desire to live as he did.
A sudden chill wind blew over Samuel, and he considered the increasingly falling temperatures. There was a reason Commander Haist had chosen not to split their scouting party. One man, alone in the Barrier Mountains in this sort of weather risked almost certain death. But now Samuel had no choice but to travel alone. And he knew he was the only hope the wardens had of being warned of the coming potential attack.
After nearly thirty minutes of rest, Samuel climbed up on his horse and eagerly turned south again. He had to move as quickly as he could without killing his horse. If his horse died, he would also probably die. Right now, he thought, survival is the most important thing…survival and movement. He glanced skyward, but it was so dark he could not see the clouds through the barren branches of the trees. As he moved silently in the direction he thought was southward, he thought of Joffrey and his commander, both dead at the hands of the Skarns. He thought of his cowardly flight. He knew Joffrey had ordered him to flee, but a part of him believed he should have stayed to fight, that he had truly run out of fear.
But if he had stayed, he would have died. It was as simple as that. Easy to say it, but it would unlikely be easy to live with in the future. A shudder ran through him. He wasn’t ready to leave this world. Was that so wrong?
Besides, he told himself. I have to warn the rest of the wardens, right?
For many hours over the coming days, Samuel would struggle with his guilt. But he never stopped moving. He nearly froze when he briefly took the chance to rest, but he knew he had to keep pushing himself and his horse. That was what heroes did after all. But he was no hero, was he?
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The cold had become so despairingly daunting that Samuel decided building a small fire posed less danger than freezing to death. He used sticks and kindling he had shoved into his pack as he travelled over the last day. Lighting a fire was a dangerous risk. If the Skarns still pursued him the light of the flames would attract their attention. But he was cold. The minutes of respite from the freezing temperatures the fire provided was making it worth the risk.
He was rubbing his hands together, still shivering uncontrollably when he heard the noise. A twig snapped from the weight of something heavy coming down on it. He stood slowly and was rewarded with the painful protest of stiff knees. His legs were weak and wobbly. He pressed down on the front of his legs trying to stead himself.
Samuel listened carefully. Snow flurries hissed as they hit the fire. He heard a snow owl hoot in the distance. And he heard something else…the sounds of someone moving within the trees.
Blast him for a fool! The light had attracted the Skarns after all. The familiar dry mouth of fear returned as Samuel looked around him. He tried to peer into the surrounding forest but his eyes had been gazing into the fire for too long and they were struggling to adjust. Strange noises played throughout the trees. He imagined the sounds of an army moving through the hills toward him. Every creaking branch caused Samuel to start.
He was cold…gods he was cold…and already near the point of giving up. He suddenly felt the strong desire to climb aboard his horse and flee. But he couldn’t do that could he? The poor thing had finally collapsed from exhaustion earlier in the day. Samuel barely remembered at this point. After pulling the saddle bags free he tossed them over his shoulder and continued south in a daze of consciousness. He vaguely recalled winding through the forest as he travelled, always near the brink of exhaustion himself.
He recalled having difficulties starting the fire because his hands were shaking so badly.
Samuel knew he was now near death. He lifted his hands and looked at them. The fingers were already turning black at the tips. When he felt his face, he found that it was cracked and peeling. He didn’t dare remove his boots. His feet were likely in the worse condition of all.
The thought of running some more…it was too much to consider without his horse. He wasn’t sure he could go more than a few steps. The noises that came from the forest surrounding him filled him with more fear than he had ever felt in his life. This was it. The end of his life was here and he was nothing but a weak little boy who was unable to lift a frostbitten finger to save himself.
Snap out of it, he told himself. I have to survive this somehow. I have to warn the others.
A horse neighed from deep within the forest to his right. He twisted in that direction with a start. His heart felt like it was ready to explode in his chest.
Boom-boom-boom.
It beat so hard it hurt.
As he stood gazing into the surrounding forest, he moved his hand to feel the hilt of the sword hanging at his waist. It was heavy beyond words. He considered drawing it and realized he couldn’t if he wanted to. He was that weak. His strength had fled from him as quickly as his courage did. And he lacked to willpower to call it forth again.
Another sound from behind him…it was a trig snapping.
He reacted by spinning around out of reflex, and immediately regretted the rapid movement. The effort brought a stab of pain and an audible gasp as he suddenly lost focus and the forest started to spin. He reached out to steady himself, but there was nothing to hold onto. His legs nearly went out from under him, but somehow he staggered and regained focus.
He heard snow crunching beneath a boot. The sound came from the trees to his left. He didn’t bother turning toward it. He was convinced he was surrounded. He tried to think.
After a few moments, he kneeled before the fire and shoveled snow over it. His hands barely registered the cold of the snow. The fire hissed more loudly than he wished as it went out. As the final bit of flame was doused Samuel felt like his last hope died with it. Straightening, he turned to the forest and reached for his sword. His fingers were almost too stiff to wrap about the hilt, and when he managed the strength to attempt to draw the sword he was surprised to find it stuck. The blade had somehow become frozen in place within the scabbard. Frantic, he jerked harder but the blade would not budge. He pulled the scabbard forward along his belt to the front of him and tried with both hands to yank the sword free. The sword snapped free with a loud scraping noise that seemed to echo through the trees surrounding him.
He wanted to run. That would have been the smart thing to do. But he was done. He couldn’t go further. Besides, the sounds were all around him now and he had lost his bearings. Samuel thought about Commander Haist and old Joffrey. He thought about the wardens at Barrier Keep and in the towers, and how they would soon be attacked. He knew he had to flee. He knew he had to somehow manage to escape.
But his fear and exhaustion had rooted him in place. His legs would no longer respond. The branches several paces in front of him rustled. So did the branches to each side.
“It’s alright, lad,” said a voice from behind him. Samuel spun around and gazed into the dark treeline. He brandished his sword weakly before him.
“W-who goes there?” He called with what little strength he had available. The tip of his sword wavered in his shaking hand. A man on a tall horse moved forward from the trees. As he stepped out of the shadows Samuel saw he was wearing the black leather clothes of a Barrier Warden. Samuel let the tip of his sword drop to the ground.
“How long have you been out here alone, lad?” The man asked. He noticed Samuel wore the leathers of the Barrier Wardens beneath his heavy cloak. The cloak and the clothes beneath looked soaked and dirty.
It took a moment for young Samuel to answer. He was trying to decide if he was really seeing a fellow warden before him, or if his eyes were playing tricks on him. The whole image seemed out of flux. He blinked heavily, and frost got in his eyes. With his free hand he reached to wipe the ice free in an attempt to clear his vision.
“Days?” He whispered, and then repeated a little more loudly. “Days…I-I’ve lost t-track.” He paused, trying to gather his thoughts. Everything was starting to spin. “My commander and Joffrey…are dead.”
Samuel’s breath caught in his throat. He knew he needed to tell these men more. His brain was trying to command his mouth to speak, but he was suddenly finding it hard to think. The man and his horse, the trees…even the sky was spinning wildly about him. He was vaguely aware of the sword dropping from his hands to the cold, wet snow, and the warden climbing down from his horse in concern. Samuel’s legs seemed to give and he felt himself collapsing in the snow and rocks. He could feel the freezing ice settle impact against his cheek as vision blurred and his eyes closed of their own volition. As he succumbed at last to unconsciousness, he forced his eyes open a sliver to see the boots of the warden stepping close. His last fleeting thought before the darkness overcame him was one of joy. At last he was going to sleep. His journey was over. Several of the wardens rushed to catch the young man as he lost consciousness.
“Is he dead?” asked a young warden as he led his own horse from the nearby trees. Several others now came out from their places of concealment.
“No, but he’s in bad shape.” said the older man who had caught Samuel as he fell. He lifted Samuel gently and carried him into the trees where their spare horses were waiting. “We had better get him to the keep…something tells me saving this lad is more important than we know.”
The wardens wasted no time in setting out for Barrier Keep.
Chapter Nine | The Forest People
Jennai was one of the largest lands on the world of Saran. The realm of Jennai was formed of the seven kingdoms, which made it possibly the most powerful of all the realms…certainly the largest. In the northern most eastern portion of Jennai was the Kingdom of Ephrath and this land has been charged with protecting the entire realm from invasion by the Skarns from the north.
Along the northern border of Ephrath a river called the Seneca Inlet connected the Tranquil Sea to the Savage Sea. The swift moving rapids of the inlet made it difficult for boats to cross from the Barrier Mountain ranges into Jennai.
The evening before old Leihla discovered Jason Branton along the shores of the Tranquil Sea, a frigid cold front slowly moved southward, growing stronger as it passed over the Barrier Peaks, hills and forests that blanketed the southern side of the Barrier Mountains. Among the people of Jennai it was fearfully claimed that forests of the Barrier Mountain range contained the spirits of the deceased who roamed its ranges seeking company in the dead of night. Except for the Barrier Wardens, the people of Jennai avoided these forests and the dangers they offered.
On this particular night, all was silent in the Barrier Mountain ranges except the natural sounds of the forest…the creaking of the trees as the changes in temperature added stress to their trunks and leafless branches. Various insects and animals moved about – those that handled the cold weather well enough to function and survive. Occasionally, the cool breeze gusted just strong enough to break dry and dying branches from trees and they fell to the cool, wet ground to eventually rot and be absorbed back into the soil over time.
It was only days ago that the young man named Samuel was discovered alone and afraid southwest of this portion of the legendary haunted woods. The young man had collapsed from exhaustion and exposure. The patrol that found him quickly rushed him south across the Seneca Inlet and into Barrier Keep, which rest midway along the southern bank of the river. Samuel was mostly delirious the few times he regained consciousness along the way, but the wardens listened and pieced together his tale. And once they had left the foothills of the mountains…once they had gotten him to the warmth and comfort of the fortress…the forest was deceivingly peaceful once more.
But that tranquility was an illusion.
The first of many heavy boots stomped down on a rotting branch, snapping it in two and continuing on. The boot belonged to a tall, heavily garbed bearded man who led a column of similarly dressed Skarns as they silently trudged southward. 
As with the column Samuel’s patrol had observed and died at the hands of, these men carried large battle axes slung across their backs and their faces wore expressions of grim determination. Each man of the column was dressed in the heavy skins of animals they had slain long before this day. Each Skarn carried an air of deadly pedigree about him. The column was at least one hundred men in length. With beards nearly white with ice, the barbaric Skarns lumbered southward through the chill mountain passes, weaving between the trees like a snake slithering in search of small game to consume.
The Skarns were the mortal enemies of the civilized world. They marched southward toward the Seneca Inlet and Jennai and they carried death within their midst. When they eventually entered into battle their wrath would be merciless and swift.
Mutely they marched, ignoring the sounds of the forest, the shadows of the trees, and the movements of the wildlife. Their footfalls made noise enough to warn animals to stay clear of their path lest they become meals to fill some hungry Skarns belly.
The portion of forest that they passed through seemed no different than the last or the one before. This was a force with a purpose…and they marched toward the achievement of that purpose relentlessly. They did not hide their presence. Their number was large enough to provide them with little fear of being discovered and they knew that more of their kind were somewhere ahead of them. Most had already arrived at their destination. Even if the wardens were to discover the column, the Skarns that comprised it would enjoy the dangers of a battle if only to break the dreariness of their journey. These lumbering hulks carried the fear of death with them as a close ally who rode into battle with them. They enjoyed the victory less than the slaughter.
Oh, how they relished the slaughter.
The long column moved along and all grew silent in the forest once more as the noise of their passing slowly faded in the distance. It was several long minutes before a small group of differently clad men stepped from the nearby trees to gather together over the trail the passing of the column had left in its wake. These men were thinner in stature but their faces were worn with the experiences of surviving in the Barrier Mountains.
A powerfully built middle-aged man dressed in leathers and furs crouched over the trail and studied the footprints of the Skarns in the column for a minute or so and then stood and stared off in the direction the force had marched, frowning as he considered. The man had a weathered face and long grey hair.
A moment later he turned to the other men around him and gestured with several quick hand signals. None spoke aloud. The sound of a man’s voice tended to carry far in the forests of the Barrier Mountains and these seven men made the peaks their home for a very long time. They were nomads of a sort, familiar with the deadly dangers inherent to the mountains and each also accustomed to remaining quiet in the midst of the forest. Each of the men nodded, and then they spread out to move off in the direction of the column, entering the forest and disappearing once more. Each chose a different game trail to follow. The forests of these mountains were the domain of these mysterious men and their people, and they knew the Skarns presence in such large numbers would not bode well. They needed to  acquire answers. They set out to hunt.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Late that same evening, the Skarns of yet another long column were gathered around fires to share warmth on a cold night. Sentries were posted on the outskirts of the camp, each of them ignoring the discomfort the weather brought as they fulfilled their assigned task. The remaining Skarns drank wine and bragged about the heads they would soon collect when they went into battle. These Skarns of the north were a feared mystery to the people of Jennai, especially in the northern area of Ephrath, and the savages had little to fear. They looked forward to claiming as many trophies as they could carry and they placed wagers on who would collect the most heads in the coming battle.
They drank their wine and were unconcerned with attack. They would near their destination in a few more days and meet with others of their ilk. The wine helped them fight off the cold and helped their thick legs stop twitching after so long a day of marching.
Their sentries, tired and alone on watch, sipped from their wineskins and eventually slept as well. The quietness of the surrounding forest had a way of dulling ones senses, and the Skarns were no more immune than anyone else who passed through them. The sentries dreamed of being curled into their blankets rather than staying alert to watch for nonexistent threats. Several of the sentries would later regret their failure to perform their task as ordered. Three were mysteriously gone come morning, disappeared during the night. 
There was a search, but it was a brief one. The Skarns weren’t the kind to fret over such matters. They cared for little else but themselves and an extended search would delay the coming battle. In their scattered society the weak perished and the strong survived. If the sentries had been lax in their duties and dragged off into the night by some wild animal they would not be strong enough to stand by in battle.
The column wasted no time in continuing its march southward once more. The sun rose behind a thick scattering of clouds and snow flurries drifted through the trees. It would be a cold day. Again.
Chapter Ten | Donteous Brantide
Donteous Brantide rubbed his eyes in an effort to rid himself of the sleepiness. He could barely remember the last time he slept. One of the warden patrols had returned from scouting the forests of the Barrier Mountains three days ago with the young boy Samuel barely alive. Since then, Donteous had tried to rest…to the point of despair. But whenever he endeavored to let himself go to claim the rest he so desperately needed, the concern of invasion by the Skarns once again reared its ugly head.
The boy had done well. Perhaps even heroically well. Donteous suspected the lad might not feel so though. His fellows were still dead. Donteous could only imagine the level of effort it had taken to survive long enough to warn the wardens of the coming Skarn attack.  Samuel was bedridden for the third day straight, still trying to recover from his ordeal. One of the lad’s ears had been so frost-bitten that the healer had to remove the lobe. Amazingly, it was the only permanent damage he had suffered other than the emotional scars. He would carry the emotional scars with him for the rest of his life.
Donteous sighed with sadness for the young man.
Certainly, young Samuel had earned his spot amongst the Barrier Wardens. He placed the good of the kingdom before his own needs. Surviving could not been easy. The boy could have given up, lay down and died. It would have been easier to do than surviving as long as he did. Yes, he had been afraid… likely terrified…but even so reason had won out. Reason and commitment.
Most men would have panicked and fled for lands unknown never to be seen or heard from again. Some would have never made it out of the Barrier Mountains alive at all.
Donteous gazed northward at the brightening horizon as the sun rose to the east, blocked by a gathering of dense clouds. He stood on the wall walk behind Barrier Keep’s ramparts. Not for the first time in recent days, he let his eyes drift over the forest half a league to the north, across the Seneca Inlet. The forest looked as calm as any other day. But somewhere within those woods and mountains, a savage army was making ready to invade Jennai. Though Samuel had only reported perhaps one hundred Skarns Donteous was certain there had to be more. One hundred was too large a force to be for the purpose of hunting and too small to be an invading force. That meant somewhere within those mountains was a larger gathering of the savages, probably many more.
It was equally clear that something must have changed within the Skarn society. In previous centuries they were reportedly divided. The Skarn society had been fractured at best. A united force had not been spotted since the first invasion so long ago. Clearly someone or something had changed that. They had been drawn together with the goal of destroying Jennai.
It was his duty as Warden General to protect the kingdom from the possibility of a Skarn invasion, or at least to command the wardens who would be the first line of defense. But the Barrier Wardens would not last long is the invaders were a vast army. He had immediately sent several messengers to Castle Ephrath to warn his brother James of the impending danger. James was the king of Ephrath and he would send reinforcements as soon as humanly possible. Donteous and his Barrier Wardens just had to hold out until they arrived. They would be the first line of defense against whatever forces came from the north. It was why the wardens were formed in the first place.
To that end, Donteous had recalled all Barrier Wardens and was in the process of distributing them along the Seneca Inlet and within the barrier towers. The towers were scattered along the inlet on the southern shore, one tower every half league. The wardens were spread thin as they worked ceaselessly to fortify the shoreline of the inlet and the towers.
The towers were built to withstand sieges if needed. They were built with thick walls and anyone of them would be able to withstand an attack by a small force. But Donteous knew the Skarns could simply choose to bypass the towers completely. That was fine. It would allow the wardens to get behind them while reinforcements came up from the south to meet the enemy.
And if they chose to attack the towers they would be met with nearly impenetrable defenses.
But first the Skarns had to get across the Seneca Inlet. That would be easier said than done. The rushing waters of the inlet were the most powerful deterrent the wardens had at their disposal. The current was too powerful to carry heavy equipment across. The wardens used ferries and barges to get men and horses across, but even that was dangerous. The vessels were guided by thick ropes that were connected to each shoreline and only a few men with horses could cross at a time. If the Skarns wanted to use siege machines on the Barrier Keep and the towers they would have to build them on this side of the inlet.
And that was going to be difficult. The Barrier Wardens would be spread out along the inlet, protected behind burlap sacks filled with dirt. Their archers could easily pick off any Skarns that tried to make it across the inlet by raft or boat. And swimming it would be impossible. Anyone who tried would be carried all the way to the Savage Sea.
And even if the Skarns somehow made it across the inlet and forced the wardens to retreat into the keep and towers, both were built well. They had stood for hundreds of years, and were built to withstand the strongest of assaults and harshest of weather.  
Even during the deadly winters Ephrath experienced each year the towers and keep would stand. Each tower was built above an underground hot spring that warmed them against the deadly northern winters. The keep was built over several.
But no fortress was invulnerable to attack. The towers weakness was their doors. They were thick and bolstered and made of iron…but a determined force could eventually break through. No structure could stand forever against assault. Eventually, even the keep could fall. The hope was that the king would arrive with an army before such a thing happened.
The Skarns had last invaded three centuries ago. Even then they were a loosely organized army. But they had managed to do an enormous amount of damage. That was the reason Barrier Keep and the Barrier Towers had been built. To make sure it never happened again.
There had been eleven other Warden Generals before Donteous assumed the mantle. In all that time the Skarns had not come. Still the wardens remained diligent. Were they ready? Donteous Brantide had spent the past twenty-two years as Warden General, preparing for just such an occasion. Throughout the past three centuries, every Warden General had fretted over the possibility that the savages from the north would choose to attack Jennai during their watch. And now, Donteous thought ironically, his watch was being tested.
He considered the likelihood that the Keep itself could survive an attack. It comfortably held over a thousand men. And after recalling the wardens on patrol, he had found they had exceeded that number by several hundred. The extra men he had distributed to the various towers and along the shoreline east and west of the keep. 
And then there were the tunnels.
Beneath Barrier Keep was a maze of tunnels. All of the wardens were taught to find their way through them. No one knew how they had been formed, but the caverns and tunnels had been there since before the Barrier Wardens were formed. They were large enough for men to easily move through them and they were stable. Some were flooded by the underground hot springs, but those same springs provided clean water and warmth in the winter months. Their existence was a closely guarded secret amongst the wardens.
In a worse-case scenario, any wardens under siege in the keep could escape through them when all was lost. All except a token force that would delay an invading force.
And Donteous Brantide knew he would have to be a part of that token force if such a situation arose. He was the Warden General. He commanded these men and he was responsible for them. He was also responsible for the safety of Jennai. He would not allow himself to flee into the tunnels under any circumstances. It was his duty to defend Barrier Keep or die in the trying.
The towers had no such escape routes. They were built strong and tall though, and each had several ballista devices whose range reached to the southern shore of the nearby Seneca Inlet.
The wardens were well-trained as well. All of them were trained with both swords and bows. They were made to work ceaselessly at their skills in order to become efficient. They could rain arrows down on any army and do incredible damage. And it would be effective until walls were breached. At that point it would only be a matter of time.
Maybe he was wrong for even considering such a scenario…to consider the possibility of losing the coming battle.
No.
It was his duty as commander to contemplate all possibilities.
So that was the plan. His wardens would do their best to delay the invaders from crossing the inlet. If the Skarns somehow managed to find a way across the Seneca Inlet, the wardens would retreat to safety within the keep and the towers where they would do as much damage to the invading force as possible.  The only way to overcome the keep was by wall breach or through the gates. The gates, once closed, would have a heavy stone wall lowered behind it, in the hopes of preventing a battering ram from succeeding to bring down the gates due to the three foot thick stone. The walls were thinner, but only by a foot. Hopefully, both the keep and all the towers would be able to survive until his brother’s army arrived from the south.
Donteous had done all he could to prepare the wardens for invasion. Each tower was well stocked with supplies, including food, water and fletched arrows. All he and the other wardens could do now is wait, and waiting was often the hardest part of a battle. It gave the men of the Barrier Wardens time to think about losing their lives to a force of unknown size and brutality.
As he gazed northward across the inlet at the forests and mountains, he hoped that his brother James would arrive with an army in time to avoid disaster.
Chapter Eleven | King James Arthur Brantide
“When will this gods-forsaken day end?!”  The King snapped for what seemed the tenth time as his most recent supplicant exited the throne room.
For six long, arduous hours he had listened to the disagreements, petitions and concerns of hundreds of landowners, one at a time and without break. He was nearly at his wits end with boredom, and not even the wine in the goblet he held would soothe his need to escape this duty.
 “Really, James,” his wife, Queen Tiffany remarked from her chair to his left. “This is a duty you only need to fulfill one day per month, yet each and every time you complain. You know how important it is for a ruler to be available to the commoners. The people value a king who listens to their concerns.”
Tiffany was right. It wasn’t that he disliked talking with his people. At least then he would be outdoors and could enjoy the scenery. In the throne rooms, all he had to look at were stone walls and ancient tapestries. The king was dressed in his formal attire. The King’s Robe, crown and all. It was good to appear thus to the people. It made them feel as though their concerns were being watched over by important royalty. He just hated doing so in a throne room instead of travelling to the villages.
“I know this! I once was one of these same people as you may recall, dearest. I wish to be out there among them, wishing them well and helping them…not cooped up in a cell like some prisoner permitted few visitors of worthwhile interest,” he replied. James signaled a nearby servant to refill his goblet.
Queen Tiffany rolled her eyes and laughed, and then covered her mouth with her hand when the king glanced in mock anger at her. “Sorry,” she said with a smile. “The throne room is hardly a prison, James. You are a king, husband. You rule over Ephrath in the name of the High King, who just happens to be your closest friend in all the lands. You have the company of a lovely wife who endures the day at your side, and adequate food and drink enough to stave off hunger and thirst throughout the day. Can you not put aside your desires for the thrill of the hunt for a few small hours?”
“Who said anything about hunting?” The king asked…then shrugged when his wife smiled at him knowingly. “Alright, so I want to go on a hunt. There is nothing wrong with that is there? It would be better than sitting on my hind quarters for an entire day.”
“Work comes first, dear,” she said, grinning. She was enjoying his squirming…he could tell. Sometimes he got the impression that his wife looked forward to days like this with a joyous heart.
“Yes, yes,” he snapped. “I know all this. But that doesn’t mean I have to enjoy it. He noticed Chief Counselor Isaac McPherson standing nearby, grinning. Rogan Dyson, the Castle Steward was beside him, also smiling. “What are you two looking at?” He asked grumpily. “I hope you are enjoying this, because I fully intend on dragging you through the remainder of this day so that you can suffer right along with me.”
Isaac smiled and said, “We are at your beck and call, your Highness.”
Rogan lowered his eyes to stare at the ground, and the king could see him straining to keep the muscles of his face under control.  Not for the first time, the king suspected the two men working in league with his wife.  The next supplicant came in and the king was vaguely aware of him mentioning some land dispute with a neighbor. He vaguely heard the landowner mention something about a cattle fence encroaching on his property.
The neighbor was not present to defend himself, so the king ruled that he would send a representative to investigate and judge the affair. Once the man bowed and backed out of the chamber, and the next supplicant was being ushered in, the king turned to his wife again.
“When will this godforsaken day end?”
And so it went. The remainder of the day passed agonizingly slowly and the king grew more and more restless. By late afternoon, he had conceded that he would be happy just to walk the halls to his bed chamber and sleep the night through.
As dusk was settling, and the rays of the sun were dimly shining through the windows, the king stood as the final supplicant retreated from the chamber in fear of incurring the king’s wrath because of his foul mood. He walked to a nearby window and gazed out at the sunset. A cool wind howled among the ramparts, foretelling yet another cool evening.
His wife stepped behind him and wrapped her arms around to hug him. He absently patted her hands as he considered the weather. If it was this cool here in middle Ephrath, he wondered how cold it had to be at Barrier Keep, where his brother led the wardens.
One of the doors to the chamber quietly opened and closed, and the king turned to see Captain Daken moving across the throne room to speak with him.
“If you have come to tell me there are more people out there waiting to complain, I think I’ve had all I can take today!” He snapped as he turned to face the man.
The Captain glanced at the queen, who rolled her eyes and smiled. Daken managed to show no emotion as he answered his king. “A rider has arrived from Ohmsford, your highness. He requests an audience.”
A rider from the High King, James lifelong friend…is here? “Bring him in, Captain,” he said as he wondered why Nathan would be sending a messenger.
The man was soon ushered in. He was a young man and dressed lightly…too lightly for the weather Ephrath was having of late. His long brown hair hung freely upon his shoulders, and he was thinly built. He approached the king and dropped to one knee in supplication.
“My Lord, King of Ephrath, I bring tidings from Sir Nathan Kernin High King of Jennai,” the rider said. His head was bowed.
“Rise, friend,” the king replied. “Tell me…what is your name, sir?”
Standing, the rider reported as ordered. “My name is Timothy, my lord.”
“And what news from the high king is so important?” James asked.  Nathan and he had grown into adulthood as on the Isle of Flowers as wards of Sir Andrew Atkin, who was now the First Knight of the High King…and his wife’s father.
“In four days, the High King and his retinue shall arrive from Ohmsford to visit with his lifetime friend. He requests that you make ready for their arrival.”
James leaned forward. “Nathan? He is coming here?”
The rider grinned. “Yes, Your Highness,” he answered. “He brings news and also suggests that you arrange some practice with your bow before he arrives…he fully intends to go on a hunt.” Much of the kingdom was aware of the bond the two men shared and their shared joy of hunting.
The king rose and started issuing orders to the staff. Queen Tiffany sighed from her chair and he glanced at her to see her nodding at toward the messenger. James looked at the man who stood obediently before the king, having fulfilled his duty. The messenger was covered with the dust of a hard ride. He looked tired and hungry. “You have brought good news to me, young man.”
“Thank you, Sire,” Timothy returned.
The king placed his hand on Timothy’s shoulder and said, “You have brought me very good news indeed, Timothy. Please, my staff will see to it that you get a bath, food and rest.”
King James smiled as the man left. Nathan? Coming here? This day was suddenly looking much more interesting!
Chapter Twelve | Jason Branton
Jason Branton was in darkness swimming upward toward the dimly glimmering light on the surface of an unending ocean. He could vaguely hear the hiss of whitecaps rolling in the surf above. His limbs hurt badly and were ungodly stiff, yet he still kicked and clawed his way through the murkiness, drifting ever upward toward…what? Life? His mind was confused and he wasn’t sure, but he sensed that the light was the key to his salvation.
“He’s waking,” he heard the soft sound of a woman’s voice whisper. Her words were followed by the sound of a floor board creaking beneath the weight of someone’s foot.
“Bring the broth, Leihla” a man’s muffled voice asked. “We’ll need to get him to drink some down before he goes to sleep once more.”
The strong odor of melted wax flooded his senses before his eyes fluttered open. Jason found himself in a scarcely furnished room lit only by a few burning candles and pale moonlight shining through an open window. He rolled his eyes slightly, trying to bring things into focus even as he realized his head was aching beyond belief. He realized the light he’d been struggling toward must have been caused by the flickering flames atop the candles.
He was lying on a bed of some sort. Was it stuffed with feathers or rocks? Shadows abruptly shifted above him…dark shapes moving through his blurred vision. Jason closed his eyes as he felt hands rubbing some sort of ointment onto his forehead. Whatever the salve was it was coolly comforting. Once the hands withdrew Jason opened his eyes again. His vision had cleared slightly, although there seemed to be a white haze around the edges.
Standing over him was a man with long red hair. The man looked to be in his early to mid-twenties, had a square jaw and hard eyes. He was tall, at least from the perspective of lying on the bed as Jason was. Beneath his cotton-looking shirt…was that a tunic? Beneath it Jason could tell the man was lean but strongly built. His benefactor was staring intently at him.
Jason tried to summon the strength to speak, but his mouth was drier than he had ever thought possible. A sharp stabbing pain emanated through his throat, causing him to gag.
The man with red hair raised a palm toward him. “Don’t try to speak,” he said. “You are safe, that is all that matters, old man.”
Old man?
“I am called Talon,” he continued. “You washed up on the shores of the Tranquil Sea near this village.”
“Aye,” said an old woman as she entered the room. “Brought close by a school of dolphins if you can believe that!”
Jason opened his mouth to speak…and immediately regretted it. His dry, chapped lips split painfully. The taste of puss flowed over his tongue. The old woman leaned forward with a mug of cool water and lifted his head with her free hand. It hurt to move.
“Here, stranger,” she advised as she tipped the mug against his lips. “Sip this slowly.”
Jason did as she bid him, welcoming the taste of water that wasn’t tainted with the salts of an ocean. He couldn’t believe how dry his mouth and throat were. How long had it been since he’d had a drink of cool water?
The man with red hair who called himself Talon continued to gaze down at him. “You very nearly lost your life, stranger,” he told Jason. “Good luck it was that Leihla spotted you while she was sitting on the dunes yestermorning.”
The room spun around Jason, and he was too weak even to lift his hands. The voices sounded muffled, as if he was underwater. Slowly his vision stabilized and came into focus. The woman holding the cup to his lips smiled encouraging at him. She was an older woman, missing several teeth and with an abundance of wrinkles covering her thin leathery face. Her shoulders were stooped, almost malformed with bad posture and age. A couple swallows were all Jason could manage before he lapsed into a coughing fit that seemed to steal his breath away. His body painfully convulsed as he tried to gulp in air that didn’t seem to come. The room started spinning and then all went dark again as he fell unconscious.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

He remembered awaking several times to the face of the older lady and the man named Talon. Both cared for him as he rolled in and out of consciousness. They tried to get him to drink each time he woke, but it was never more than a few sips and the coughing fits came on him. The scratchy dryness in his throat made it impossible to talk, but their words comforted him. He had no sense of time. The two caregivers kept the room dark by covering the window. The woman was there every time he woke, always ready to give him some sort of broth. She often wore a worried expression the few times he was conscious.
His own face seemed at times to feel on fire and at other times cold and balmy. During the brief moments when he could form cohesive thoughts, he wondered if he were dying. It certainly felt like he was. Time remained a blur. There were times he felt like crying, even in his sleep, but then a peacefulness would come over him…no…it rose up from within him.
Be at peace, child. I am with you.
The voice was there to comfort him in the worse times. It lent him strength to keep living.
During one period of consciousness, a new face appeared before him. It was the face of a young woman with wide eyes and a compassionate expression. She blotted his face with a cool cloth but she seemed afraid of hurting him.
The man called Talon appeared again. This time he held a bowl with some sort of thick liquid. He held the bowl to Jason’s lips and told him he had to drink from it. Jason tried and spit the sour liquid out. The man admonished him and made him drink more of the unpleasant fluid. Somewhere within his scattered thoughts, Jay Branton heard the man say the liquid would help him. So he painfully swallowed what little he could.
After that he was given the fowl liquid each time he woke. He slowly became accustomed to it, though at first he thought it might be better to die than swallow the rancorous fluid. The older and the younger woman kept making him swallow it though. They also gave him more of the broth and water. Even so, his stomach began to feel pangs of hunger that grudgingly cried out for nourishment.
Finally, Jason’s fever broke. He knew this because he began to feel slightly better and the old woman with the stooped shoulders lost her worried expression. His throat began to hurt less and less. He slept again, but this time was different from the others. It felt more restful.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

When he next woke, Jason was alone in the dark, candle-lit room. He managed to move his head slightly to look around at his whereabouts. The furnishings of the room were scarce…the bed on which he lay was framed by old, worn-looking wood. There were folded blankets stacked on a wood chair near the bedside. A nightstand was next to him as well, and on it laid several bowls and rags. In one corner of the floor rest the yellow storage container that had saved his life. Jason gazed at the container for several long minutes, realizing that he owed his life to a waterproof crate made of sturdy plastic. He vaguely remembered the sinking of his boat and the days of floating in the rough seas, clinging to the container. If a man could feel kinship to an inanimate object, Branton felt such would be the case right then.
He thought about The Drifter and its loss. She had been a reliable vessel and the two of them had travelled to many places to speak of the gospel and minister to the sick. He would miss the boat…he would miss it a lot.
Jason wondered which country he was in now.
He heard a rustling in an adjoining room and the old woman appeared in the doorway a few moments later. A wide smile spread across her face as she moved slowly and entered the room. Her shoulders stooped over from age and formed a hump on her back. She saw he was awake. 
“How’re you feelin’ today, young man?” The words carried a lisp as she spoke them.
Jason was grateful she at least spoke English. “Better, thank you,” he answered, and coughed to clear his throat. “Where am I?” His throat still hurt, but whatever medicine they’d given him seemed to help.
The woman set a small number of clean clothes on the stand next to his bed. She leaned close to feel his forehead. “You’ve cool a good bit, lad,” she said. “Yer in the seaside village of Nu Pike, a small but welcoming place if ever there was one.”
“New Pike…” Jason said the words as he tried to think. “…I’m afraid I don’t recall the name from any maps. “Is it in Haiti?”
The old woman laughed. “There have been many a time we wondered the same, lad, but Hades be far away from Nu Pike. I imagine the winters here are a bit cooler. Here now, what’s your name, young sir?”
As he struggled to sit up a little and felt a resulting wave of dizziness for his efforts, Branton answered, “Jason,” he returned. “But my friends call me Jay. Forgive me. I should thank you for caring for me and saving my life.”
The old woman grinned. “You be welcome…Jason,” she said. “Call me Leihla. But truth be told, if it weren’t for young Talon, you might well be dead and buried by now.” Her voice whistled through the gaps in her teeth as she spoke.
“Talon,” As his head cleared, he asked, “Is he the young man with red hair?” Jason’s head was hurting as he tried to think.
“Remember him, do you? Aye, he brought the medicine to help make you better.” Leihla explained. “Nu Pike is small, but having the Lonely Knight close has its uses, it does.” She reached behind his head and adjusted a small sack of straw so that he could lay his head back and rest it easier. “Talon is good with herbs and things. Lucky we were that Josephine knew where to find him when we needed him.”
Jason was confused. He had never heard of a village named New Pike. He found it hard to focus his thoughts and was suddenly feeling tired again.
“You know,” Leihla said. “When he first laid eyes upon you Talon thought he knew you from somewhere. He’s from up Ephrath way. Is that where you come from?”
Jason laid his head back to stare at the ceiling. The room was spinning again and he felt like he was going to be sick. He closed his eyes and took a deep, shaky breath. Old Leihla grabbed his hand to comfort him.
“Sleep now, lad,” She told him. “You will have time enough for answers later.” Leihla really hadn’t needed to tell him to rest…sleep was already overcoming him.
Chapter Thirteen | Talon Chops
Near his cabin that was some distance outside of the village of Nu Pike, Talon raised an axe high above his head and brought it down with force enough to split the block of wood at sat on an old tree stump. He wore no shirt and his lean, muscular chest glinted with sweat even with the cool breeze coming down from the North. He picked up the two pieces of wood and tossed them onto a small pile and then grabbed another block to place on the large tree stump before him. He paused to wipe his red hair from his eyes. The air was cool, but not cold, and although it was odd for this time of year Talon didn’t so much mind the current temperature. It made things manageable as he worked.
But the cool breeze did little to keep him from sweating with the effort of chopping the wood. He wasn’t even sure why he was doing it. He had an ample supply of firewood stored in the barn. Maybe it was because he somehow suspected on some level that the cold weather meant an early winter. Or perhaps focusing on such a mundane task helped him think.
When Josephine had found him and told him of the stranger in the village, Talon didn’t expect much. From her description of his condition he was sure the poor soul would perish within a day. When Josephine led Talon into the room where old Leihla and the unconscious stranger waited, Talon found himself speechless when he saw the man’s face. He remembered recognizing that face instantly, but then, how could he not? It was the face of a man he’d known most of his life. Or close to it.
He knew it wasn’t the same man though. This one was slightly different, a brother perhaps. His appearance was nearly the same, but there were differences, though small they were. Still, the stranger’s face had such a strong resemblance that he knew that it could not be a coincidence.
He, Leihla and even Josephine did their best to help the man survive…and it worked. When last Talon visited the old woman’s cabin he learned that the stranger’s fever had broken. Now he contemplated the ramifications of this mysterious man’s appearance.
A coincidence such as this could not be taken for granted. There had to be reason behind it. Talon realized that the only answers available would be found in Ephrath, if he could convince the stranger to travel there with him. Of course, the stranger himself might have some answers as well. Instinctively, Talon knew his previous plans to travel south to Kulway would have to be changed. There were plenty of soldiers-for-hire that could lend their services to squelch the rebellion there. Thankfully, he really didn’t need the coin either.
The stranger changed everything. Talon would have answers…and he would need to carry them northwest to Ephrath. The man’s face had long-reaching implications. How could it not?
He sighed and buried the blade of the axe in the stump. He would chop no more wood today. He gazed up at the blue sky. There were clouds gathering to the north. It would be raining again soon, perhaps after dark. He started gathering the timber that was already chopped and hauling it into the barn, where he piled it in an unused stall. Across the barn, in the opposite stall his horse whinnied for attention, so he took the time to fill the water trough and gave the horse plenty of oats, then brushed the horse down for the evening. He always took care of his horse. His father had raised him with the belief that a horse was as important as a man’s own life in Jennai. Often, the two ran together. And this horse, named Starborn, was a magnificent specimen. The warhorse was brown with splotches of white on its nose and body. As he brushed Starborn down, Reaper and Sheba wondered into the barn and lay in the hay watching. Starborn was accustomed to the presence of the two snow wolves and even though the two of them could likely kill him, the horse and wolves got along well. There were times, when danger was nearby, Talon could swear the three communicated with each other.
Talons thoughts drifted back to the stranger. The herbs he had provided for the stranger in the village should have worked well by now. If he had recovered properly, the stranger should be able to speak soon. On the morrow Talon would ride into the village and see if he could glean some answers from the man. Talon was in no mood to be denied those answers. He was certain the stranger’s appearance meant ill-tidings for those he cared for most. If the man was part of some scheme against the Ephrath monarchy, Talon would make sure he regretted his role.
Chapter Fourteen | Jason & Talon
Jason Branton wasn’t sure how long he’d slept. When he slowly started to open his eyes this time he found a young man sitting on a stool next to his bed. It was the red-haired man who had fed him the fowl tasting liquid over the previous days. The room was dark and the man…Talon…was focused on reading a worn and tattered leather bound book by the dim light of a candle that sat on the nightstand. The man didn’t immediately notice he was awake, so Jason took the opportunity to look him over. He was a well-built man, with a chiseled face and intense look about him. Although he was lean his shoulders looked powerful under his tunic. His long red hair took on a fiery hue in the yellow light of the flickering candle. The odor of the candle filled Jason’s sense of smell, and the light in the room flickered with the flames the candle provided. Jason stirred slightly to ease a cramp in his back. The movement caught the man’s attention.
The man set the book on the nightstand and leaned forward to looked down at him. “Awake I see,” he said. “I’ve some soup here if you think you can keep it down. It has some pheasant and vegetables in it so it should be more filling than the broth you’ve been swallowing. I have to warn you though…it may be a little chilled by now.”
A cool breeze came through the window. Jason noted that it was open now. He saw that it was night. The breeze caused the candle to flicker, but not go out. Jason struggled to sit up. His shoulders were stiff and sore and his back felt like it was on fire, but he was glad to see the room was no longer spinning. “I would be grateful for the chance to try. I feel like I haven’t eaten in weeks.”
The man stood and walked across the room to a small pot that rested on a makeshift stand. He scooped a few spoons of soup from the pot with a ladle and poured them into a wood bowl. Then he grabbed a wood-carved spoon and a piece of bread and carried them over to Jason as well. All the while, he was speaking. “I would imagine it would feel so,” he said. “You may call me Talon, friend. You have been through quite the ordeal.”
Jason took the small bowl with shaky hands and used the spoon to sip soup. It was lukewarm but tasty. “Please, call me Jason,” he said. “And the woman Leihla said I owe you my life. Is this true? I seem to remember you force-feeding me some rather nasty concoction.”
Talon gave a friendly smile. “It was a blending of herbs that eased the pain and dehydration you were experiencing…nothing more than I would have done for others in need. You were badly sunburned,” he answered. “Your back got the worse of it…that and your face and shoulders.” He smiled. “But we rubbed salve into it that should help your skin heal well enough now. It should be applied daily for the next week just to be safe. You should count yourself lucky the sharks didn’t feed on you. Your skin was cracked and bleeding in several places by the time you reached shore.”
Jason set the spoon in the bowl for a moment and lifted his free hand to his face and felt it. There was a bandage on both cheeks and when he gently pressed on one of them he felt a dull pain. “Will I be scarred?” He didn’t know why that was the first thing that he wanted to know. He was lucky even to be alive. He should be on his knees thanking the Lord for his mercies and grace.
Talon shook his head. “You should be,” He returned. “You should be dead if I’m honest. Most men would be. But you seem to be a fast, clean healer. The herbs I treated you with did their job well enough…better than I expected.”
“Christ be praised for that.” Jason Branton remarked.
“Who?” Talon asked.
“Christ,” Jason remarked. He tried to smile but his face felt so dry and stiff. “Jesus. The Son of the Living God.”
Talon frowned thoughtfully as he reached for a damp cloth and began to fold it gingerly. “I’ve never heard of this…Jesus. My people worship a multitude of gods, but this name is not familiar. Is he worshiped where you hail from?”
He reached over with the cloth and blotted Jason’s forehead.
Jason Branton considered. As a missionary, he knew there wasn’t a lot of area’s that hadn’t heard of Christ.
“Some do,” he answered. “And some do not. Unfortunately.” He tried to think about where he was when The Drifter sunk. What land masses were closest? Bermuda? No…these people didn’t have the look and they spoke English clearly.
“So,” Talon inquired after a moment. “You are a religious man, a priest?”
Jason laughed. It was a gesture he quickly regretted as it made his face hurt, but he said, “Not a priest…but I am a servant. I carry His Word to different parts of the world.” Once again he looked at Talon, trying to detect his nationality.
“I’m sorry,” he inquired. “But where exactly am I? The woman…Leihla I think…she mentioned someplace named New Pike, but I’ve never heard of it. I thought perhaps I was in Haiti, but neither you nor her look Haitian to me.”
Talon set the cloth on the nightstand and said, “Here, let me check your bandages to be sure your wounds are clean.” As he worked to remove the bandages he answered Jason’s question.
“You are in the village of Nu Pike, located on the eastern shores of the kingdom of Jennai. Had the currents carried you further north you may have been pulled into the Seneca Inlet.” He paused. “I doubt you would have survived such an experience.”
Once the bandages were removed he examined the cracked skin of Jason’s cheeks. “Hmmn,” he remarked. “You heal remarkably quickly, Jason Branton. These wounds are nearly closed already. Most unusual.”
Jason didn’t feel like he was healing. It seemed as though every inch of his body ached badly.
Talon laid a cool cloth against Jason’s cheeks and said, “If you are able, I’ve some questions to ask you.”
Jason Branton tried to nod, but his neck was stiff and sore, and he realized the effort might have gone unnoticed. “Of course,” he responded. “You’ve saved my life, you, Leihla, and the girl. I’ll answer what questions I’m able too.”
Talon smiled kindly. He thought for a moment and then said, “You seem unfamiliar to our lands, yet you also seem strangely familiar to me. I know someone who looks much like you…very much like you…so much so, in fact, that I thought you were him at first. But after speaking with you, it’s clear you are not him. Had you no memory of your name or your past, I would have considered it possible you were he, but you do not seem to have a loss of memory. Can you tell me…where do you hail from?”
“That’s easy enough to answer,” Branton replied. “I come from the United States…of North America.”
Talon frowned. “I have not heard of these…United States…or this North America. It must be very far away indeed. Or the land is very small and has escaped notice until now.”
Branton shook his head, and was rewarded with pain. “No. It is a very big land that spans thousands of miles.”
 “I know not what a ‘mile’ is…in Jennai we measure large distances in leagues and furlongs. However, I think that a mile must be large indeed. Tell me, are your people a people of peace or war?” Talon inquired.
Jason Branton considered. “In every government there are those that conspire toward war I think…but overall, the United States is a peaceful nation. There are those who hate us, hate our freedoms, and those people sometimes attack us in some way and in such cases our government responds in force. But we do not seek to make war unprovoked. We are not a threat if that is what you are asking.”
Talon shook his head. “No,” he said. “I ask only to be sure that you remember from where you come. Your resemblance to this person is confusing to say the least.”
Jason smirked. “Well,” he remarked. “In my land it is sometimes said that every person has a twin somewhere in the world. Maybe this person you know is my twin.”
Talon considered. The suggestion had merit he supposed, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that this was more than coincidence. “Perhaps,” he responded after several moments. He didn’t speak He sighed and stood. “You should sleep, Jason Branton.”
He paused as he stepped over to the open window. A cool breeze shifted his hair slightly as he gazed out at the dark sky above. Jason watched him until his neck hurt. Finally, Talon turned back. “The village families are in need of supplies. I will be leaving with the men to get them in a nearby city. I’ll return in a few days to check on you.”
“A city,” Jason asked. “Shouldn’t I go as well? Maybe I can contact someone to come for me.”
Talon shook his head. “You are in no condition to travel, Jason Branton,” he replied. “I will inquire with the authorities in Placid while we are there. Perhaps someone has reported you missing.”
Jason stared at the empty doorway after Talon left. There was light coming from the other rooms…Leihla moving about he supposed. Talon was right…he was in poor shape. And he was tired. Jason snickered. He couldn’t remember having ever get so much sleep in his life.
He needed to get back to civilization, but he felt so weak.
Maybe a little more sleep won’t hurt, he told himself as he drifted off.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Outside the window a lone figure stood. He was invisible to all, for his place was in the realm of the Spirit. He looked at Jason Branton with compassion and dedication. Behind him, his feathered wings shifted with the breeze. After several moments those wings spread and silently lifted him into the air. No one saw this magnificent creature for he was invisible to the human eye. But he was present nonetheless.
Chapter Fifteen | Talon
Talon stepped out of Leihla’s cabin and into the cool night to make his way home. It was late and to moon was hidden behind a heavy cloud covering. Already he could smell yet another rainy night coming.
As he walked he considered the answers Jason Branton had provided. They didn’t help ease his mind all that much. He sensed Branton wasn’t hiding anything. In fact, the man seemed friendly and open given his current circumstances. He wished he could remain and learn more, but Talon had his duties to the village. Jason Branton appeared to have less understanding of his current situation than everyone else did though.
Talon’s trip with the village men into the City of Placid was a necessary one. With an early winter on the horizon the village would need to be well stocked with supplies to survive the coming months. He worried that they would experience a long and cold season. There were children in the village, and elderly. He always helped with the supplies. He had coin enough to do so. This time he would go over and above the normal amount of supplies.
He also knew that if he planned to take Jason Branton into Ephrath, they would have to leave within the next ten days. The Whispering Peaks would not be safe to travel through if snow started falling. He fully intended to gather supplies, mules and an extra horse for the trip while he was in the city.
And while there he would do as he promised Branton. He would ask around to see if anyone had reported a man missing. He didn’t expect to find anyone. It was clear to him that Jason Branton was a man from another land. He had said as much and Talon saw no reason to distrust him on it.
Would Jason Branton be healthy enough to travel? That was a very real question that needed an answer. It didn’t seem fair that Talon would require the poor man to travel by horseback so soon after his plight. But there were no other options. They simply had to get to Ephrath before winter set in. At least Jason Branton seemed to be healing quickly.
That was another mystery where the strange man was concerned. Talon had seen many wounded men and none of their wounds closed as quickly as those of Jason Branton’s. It seemed unnatural. Branton didn’t seem like the type to practice magic though. Maybe he was touched by the gods? There was more than one strange thing about the man. Even the redness from sunburn was fading more swiftly than normal.
Talon would have to hope for the best. Jason Branton would have to be healthy enough to travel when he deemed it time to leave. The man’s appearance alone dictated their actions and they would just have to make the best of things until this mystery were solved. It would be a far easier journey if the Branton agreed to make the trip, but agree or not, Talon was going to make him go. 
When Talon returned to Nu Pike with the supplies he would check on the man and broach the topic as a request, hoping for the best. He hated forcing a man to do something against his will, but Talon was a soldier and it wouldn’t be the first time.
As he walked, a cool breeze blew in from the north, carrying with it the scent of an early cold season. The slight chill in the air reminded Talon that time was growing short to act.
Chapter Sixteen | Jason Branton
Two days after Talon and the village men had left for the City of Placid, Leihla, Josephine and even Jason Branton were amazed at the speed in which he was healing. He was on his feet and moving around the cabin in short order, and now, as the sun shined high above, Jason had managed to make his way outside onto her front porch. Leihla positioned a wooden, straight-backed chair for him to sit in. It felt good to finally enjoy the air outdoors. It was a very pleasant day. A nice breeze blew over the porch where he rested. It was cool, but in a pleasant way.
Jason was glad of that. The last thing he needed was to shiver in the cold. The inside of Leihla’s cabin had become hot until a day ago. She had kept a small fire lit in the fireplace while he was laid up in bed. With the window closed and covered in the daylight hours it had started to become unbearable. Now that he was feeling well enough to move about, the fire was out and the cabin did not seem so stifling. He watched a group of children as they played nearby.
The smell of the air was refreshing, the natural odor of the nearby forest flooding his sense of smell. Having been stuck in bed, he had become accustomed to the musky odor of the room he had been confined to since washing up on the nearby shores of Jennai.
Having had more time to think clearly about his circumstances he was now convinced that he was no longer in lands familiar. It seemed impossible that he could be in another place other than Earth. But more and more the suspicion grew.
Those he’d met so far…Leihla, Talon and Josephine, should have recognized some of the landmarks he had brought up in their conversations. 
Leihla was a very likeable person. Josephine seemed smitten with Talon. He smiled. Young love. It was always a joy to watch, even in this primitive environment.
And Nu Pike was primitive. There was no technology of any sort in the village. There were no phones or radios, not even a telegraph as some secluded countries still made use of. There wasn’t even a mail system in place. He’d tried to explain such devices to both Leihla and Josephine but they considered such things magical in nature. Leihla said magic was only performed by the gods and for anyone else to practice such would attract their wrath.
He asked her about their gods…and was surprised at what he learned. The people of the land of Jennai…of this world called Saran…worshiped the gods of Greek mythos. He shook his head at such beliefs. On Earth there were stories of the Greek, Norse and other gods, but no one took them seriously. The stories were considered mythology. Legends and nothing more.
It was a discovery he found incredulous at best.
Because of their beliefs, both women had a genuine fear of magic. Jason shrugged inwardly. It wasn’t like he placed any faith in such things anyway. But it was different for them. They believed in it and feared it. In fact, as he told her during one of their conversations, he viewed all kinds of magic as unclean and inspired by evil. He remembered well the conversation…
Chapter Seventeen | Magic & Gods
…Jason was alone with Leihla at the time. He had managed to start moving about and made it as far as the table in what passed for a kitchen area in the front room of her cabin. As she prepared his first meal of solid foods they were discussing the evils of magic and such.
“I prefer to place my trust in God, Leila,” he explained comfortingly. “He is my protector and my provider. I know that he is always here with me. His presence is more powerful than any magic, be it white or black.”
The old woman’s hand rose to her mouth and she smirked behind it. Her other hand stirred the contents of a pot that rested on top of her wood-burning stove. “Was he there with you when you were lost at sea, young man?” She asked with good humor.
“I’ll tell you the truth, kind lady,” he remarked with a pleasant smile. She blushed at him calling her a lady. “There were moments through that ordeal that I questioned his presence. But I shouldn’t have. It was no accident that there was something to grab onto floating nearby. It kept me alive until I drifted ashore. And I’m sure the cold water would have taken my life as well, but I never truly felt very cold. It was as though God Himself were keeping me warm…and I tell you, there was a point when I thought I heard his voice calling out to me.”
She laughed. “Sounds like no god I ever heard tell of,” she said. “Zeus never once provided warmth or food on my table. It has been a hard life, it has. And the lands here do not yield many crops. We all in the village help one another. We work together and live, or stay alone and die. That is the way of the world. Still, things were much worse when Pors Malys was in charge of Jennai.”
“The God I believe in participates in our lives at all times, so long as we invite him in. For example, you wonder why I have healed so quickly? I believe he is responsible for that. And as far as my boat sinking, I had sailed to that spot knowing God had led me there. I was reading his Word, earlier that day, and I was at peace. It wasn’t until a sudden storm arose that I had any troubles.”
“And do you not think he could have halted that storm, had he truly been near?” She inquired with good humor showing in her eyes.
Jason nodded. “Yes, I do,” he responded. “In fact, once, while he walked the Earth as a man, he had done just that. But if he had, I would not be here with you right now. And perhaps he wants me here in Jennai.”
She looked doubtful. “You believe that do you?”
“I’m beginning to suspect it,” he had answered with a nod. “Sometimes we can’t see what God’s plan is because we’re so used to seeing things in the natural. But Jehovah is supernatural. All-powerful and all-seeing.”
She laughed again, shaking her head in disbelief. “Oh is that so? And what, pray tell, was his plan for you here? To get up and get out of the cold water?”
Ask her about the dolphins.
He grinned. “No…but now that I think back, that wouldn’t have been such a bad idea. No, I’m afraid I don’t remember much.”
The dolphins.
Jason paused, then asked, “What about the dolphins?”
Leila leaned forward and asked, “Dolphins?”
“You mentioned them when I first woke a week ago,” he said.
Good.
“Oh,” she replied as she straightened. “You remember that do you?”
The truth is he didn’t remember until the voice inside mentioned them, but he said, “Tell me, Leihla.”
Leihla hesitated. Finally she said, “It was the strangest thing I ever did see, Jason. I was sitting on the sand watching the sun rise on the horizon, and the box you clung to caught my eye. But what I saw next was the strange part. A school of dolphins was taking turns pushing you toward me…toward the shore.” She shook her head. “They kept at it all the way until I laid my hands on you. Then they squeaked and swam away like nothing had happened.”
Jason considered. It was an amazing story…and he wasn’t sure if he believed it. Leihla didn’t seem like the type to make such things up though. “They brought me to you?” He asked in shock.
“Aye,” the old woman answered. “And then I dragged you as far out of the water as I could and went for help from the village men. They carried you to my cabin so I could care for you.”
Jason shook his head, amazed. What else could he thing except that God had delivered him to this land? Still, he could have been more gentle about it. After a few moments of digesting this new information, he smiled and said with a touch of irony, “Great and mysterious are the ways of the Lord I suppose,” His own grandmother had said the same to him often enough when he was a child. “I am a missionary in service to spreading His Word, so I assume his intent is for me to do so here in Jennai.”
Sighing, she set a plate of food before him on the table. It had on it a healthy serving of stew thick with meat and vegetables. “Well,” she remarked dryly. “If that is what you choose to believe, I will not begrudge it to you. But don’t mock Zeus and the other gods. They are real even if you choose to not believe in them. They have visited the people of Saran on more than one occasion.”
Jason Branton frowned. “I would never mock your beliefs, Leihla,” he told her earnestly. “But if such gods do exist here, their wrath isn’t anything I fear. Jehovah has many titles, and one of them is Protector. Another is Redeemer. If you ever wish to learn more of him, please let me know.”
She shook her head and looked to the door, obviously considering his words. After a moment, she shrugged. “I have chores to get to, young man. You get some more rest.”
And with that she had left the room to change the bedding on his bed. Jason watched her go. After a moment, he bowed his head, thanked God for his meal and dug in…
Chapter Eighteen | Jonah and the Whale
…a full night had passed since Jason and Leihla had that conversation. He now thought about the things he had learned in that conversation. He couldn’t believe how strongly the people of this world believed in the Greek gods. It was odd. The people of Nu Pike didn’t seem to speak the Greek language. He thought back to the stories of Hercules. He remembered a movie from his childhood…Clash of the Titans it was called. What was the main characters name in the movie? Perseus? If Jason remembered correctly, Perseus had been the illegitimate son of Zeus.
In the movie, Perseus survived battles with multiple monsters and creatures of magic, including medusa and a giant kraken.
But that was all make-believe. It never really happened because it was myth. A story made up in the distant past.
The sounds of the children playing nearby interrupted his thoughts and he brought them into focus. Several of them were wielding sticks as swords. They were pretending to be valiant warriors fighting some creature of evil. One of the children, a taller boy, was playing the role of a fire giant. It was amusing to watch…but he quickly realized the depth of these people’s beliefs.
It bothered him that these people had never heard of Christ. They gave their faith over to false gods instead. Was this why he had been delivered to the land of Jennai? Was he to spread the truth to the untouched world of Saran?
After a while, the children noticed him gazing in their direction and began to whisper amongst themselves. They all gathered together and walked toward him. Deep in thought, it took a few moments for him to notice them drawing near. When he did, he looked up and smiled at them as they entered Leihla’s front yard and approached the porch.
The tallest of them, the one who had been playing the role of the fire giant, stepped forward hesitantly.
“Hello, sir,” he said. He looked to be about ten years old, give or take.
“Well, hello there,” Jason remarked and waited.
“Um,” the boy began as he shuffled his feet in the moist dirt. They sky was clear, but it had rained so much lately that the ground was always damp. “We heard you were lost at sea and old Leihla saved you.”
Jason laughed. “That’s right, son,” he said with a grin. “She did just that. I suppose I owe her my life. She’s my hero.”
All the children smiled at this.  A younger looking girl stepped up and reached toward his face. He let her touch it where the sunburn was almost healed. “Does it hurt, sir?” She asked.
He shook his head slightly. “No, not anymore. It does itch badly from time to time though,” he said. “But it’s not healthy to scratch it, is it? So I leave it be so it will heal faster.”
Another child, a boy, asked, “What was it like? Being lost at sea, I mean?”
“Well, it wasn’t pleasant,” he answered. “But truthfully, I don’t remember most of the bad parts. I consider that a blessing.” Seeing the look of disappointment on their faces, Jason realized the children were hoping for a story. He thought a moment, and said, “You know, children, I know a story of a man who was once lost at sea. It is a good story. Would you like to hear it?”
“Yes!” They all cried in unison. The door to the cabin opened, and Leila stepped out. She smiled as she looked at them, a bucket in her hand. Shrugging, she winked at him and hobbled off toward the well in the center of the village.
“Very well then,” he said to the children. “Gather around, for this story is a true one, and carries with it a message, if you can figure it out.” This enticed the children. They all found spots to sit around him, eager to hear the story.
“Let’s see,” he replied. “Where shall I begin? Ah, I know.” He paused a moment, then began. “Once, a very long, long time ago, there was a powerful, evil nation called Assyria,” The boys of the group already leaned closer at the mention of an evil nation. “The people of this nation were wicked and merciless. They had committed many evil acts upon the people of other nations, especially people of Israel, God’s chosen people. The people of the nation of Assyria were out of control, and God cared not at all for their wickedness. So he cast his eyes upon his children in Israel and called upon one of his prophets, a man named Jonah.
“Now Jonah was a Godly man, who served faithfully. So God told him to travel to Assyria and tell them that he commanded them to repent from their wicked ways, or face his wrath. However, even though Jonah had heard God and was obedient in most things, he felt he could not do this. The people of Assyria had done such horrible things to his people. He believed that they would kill him if he did as God commanded him to do…or worse yet, that they would listen and obey God and truly repent. After the evil they had done, Jonah didn’t want them to be forgiven; he wanted them to be punished.”
Several of the children nodded and said Jonah was right to feel this way.  Jason Branton smiled and continued. “Perhaps, children,” he said. “Certainly Jonah also believed he was in the right. So instead of going to the city of Nineveh in Assyria, as god had commanded, he boarded a boat and instead directed it toward Tarshish, a city in a land called Spain. Maybe it was fear that compelled him to disobey God, for going to Nineveh would have been frightening. Or perhaps it was a wish for revenge. If he never delivered the message from God to the people of Assyria, then they would not have the opportunity to repent, and God would visit His wrath upon them.
“Jonah knew that if the Assyrian people repented, God would forgive them and spare them. It was in God’s nature to always keep His promises when he made them.” He paused. “I hope that each of you does not make promises lightly, because you are measured in life by the way you keep your word.”
The Children all nodded. Several agreed and said they would always keep their promises.
Branton continued. “So Jonah, thinking to hide from God, got on a boat and headed for Tarshish. After several days and nights at sea, one evening a storm came and rocked his boat violently. But Jonah wasn’t even awake during the storm!  While the sailors on deck prayed to their various gods, he slept in his chambers, oblivious to the storm and the waves that battered the boat. But the captain and the sailors believed someone among them had angered God, so they decided that each person on the boat should cast lots to determine who the cause of God’s anger was. The captain went below and pulled all the passengers from their rooms, including Jonah, and forced them up on deck, where all cast their lots. The lots fell to Jonah.
“By this point, the captain, the sailors and the other passengers were mad with fear of God’s wrath. They questioned Jonah and he admitted that he had been running from God’s will, and he told them they should throw him overboard to save their own lives. So they did.”
Several of the children gasped in shock.
“Why did he tell them to do that?!” One of the boys asked.
Jason Branton pretended to consider the question, and then answered. “Perhaps he felt guilty for disobeying God? He was, after all, one of God’s prophets. Such men were always supposed to obey God, correct?”
The boy frowned. “I suppose so,” he said. “But I would have never told them to throw me overboard.”
Branton shrugged. “And what if the ship had sunk as a result? Then you and the sailors and passengers would have died anyway. By tossing him overboard, perhaps some may have avoided death.”
“And did they live?” One child asked.
“Truthfully,” Jason replied. “I don’t know. The story doesn’t say. I’ve always assumed they had lived, but I have never been sure.”
“So Jonah drowned for no reason?” The oldest boy asked.
“I didn’t say that, son,” he answered. “You see, while the waves washed over him as he floated and gasped for breath in the sea, and the boat moved rapidly away from him, he began to sink beneath the water. He was certain God would drown him for his disobedience, but suddenly before him, a great whale rose from the depths and swallowed him whole!”
The children gasped again. They were hooked and he knew it. He continued. “So you see, God did not let him drown. He could have let Jonah suffer the consequences of his actions and die, but God had other plans. Alive inside the belly of the whale, Jonah was trapped for three days and nights. Jonah is amazed that he even lived, and knew that God was working a miracle. He prayed constantly, repenting and thanking God for saving him. I have to tell you, children, if I had spent three days and nights inside the belly of a whale, I might be glad at first, but the smell would get to me and I would complain, wouldn’t you?”
The children laughed and nodded their heads. Some said they agreed.
“But Jonah had learned his lesson. He did not complain. He continued to thank God for his mercy, determined that if he died there in the belly of the whale, he would die devoted to God. Even in his most dire of circumstances, Jonah now gave glory to God. So sincere is Jonah, that God tells the whale to spit him out upon the shore. The whale does so, and Jonah survives.
“God again tells Jonah to go to Nineveh and preach repentance. This time, Jonah obeys and makes the journey, where he finds, to his surprise, the people of Assyria repent and their king orders his people to fast before God and beg forgiveness.”
The story ended and Branton looked at the children. They all seemed thoughtful.
“Tell me, children,” Jason Branton asked. “Who can tell me the lessons of the story?”
Several children spoke at once. Branton hushed them and pointed to a small girl. “You?”
“To obey God,” she said.
“This is correct, but what else, children?” He asked and pointed to the taller boy.
“It is not easy hide from God?” He answered.
“This is also true. What else?”
Another boy spoke up. “That even if we fear doing as god says, he will protect us.”
Jason Branton laughed. “That’s right, young one!” He saw Leila in the distance, struggling with the bucket, which was now full of water. He stood, feeling surprisingly healthier than before he had sat down on the chair earlier in the morning. It was almost as if the telling of the story had healed him more. He limberly stepped forward and realized he could walk without pain any longer. Smiling, he said his goodbyes to the children and walked toward Leila. When she saw him walking toward her, she stopped and gasped. As he drew near, she said, “Never have I seen a man heal as quickly as you have, Jason Branton.”
“He sent His Word and healed me and delivered me from my destructions,” Branton said as he took the pail from Leila. At first she resisted, but he was insistent enough that she gave in. “You know, Leila, he could heal you as well,” he said, thinking of the hump the old lady had on her back.
Leila looked at him sharply. “I have naught that your god can heal me of, lad.”
Jason considered for a moment, and then said, “I have seen you have trouble with your back, Leila. He can help you with that if you will let him.”
She laughed. “I am not so sure that Zeus would take kindly to me turning to a pagan god for healing, lad.”
A pagan god…now that would take some getting used to hearing. “If you say so, Leila. Tell me, have you asked Zeus to heal your back?”
She shook her head and then said, “Zeus has bigger concerns than me to worry over, boy. Much bigger.” She waved off Jason’s words. “No, I bear my pain in confidence knowing that one day, Zeus will reward me.”
Jason Branton felt like pointing out that she would be able to do more for her god if she were healthy, but the Spirit cautioned him that the time was not right for her. He shrugged and changed the subject.
“So,” he began. “Is it always this beautiful here?”
The old woman smiled and proceeded to tell Jason of the wanders of northeastern Jennai.
Chapter Nineteen | City of Placid
Two evenings later, Talon and the men of Nu Pike had their wagons filled and covered. They were parked in a designated area along the streets of the city. Talon had used his substantial wealth to purchase nearly three times the amount of supplies they normally acquired on such a trip. He cared for the people of the village and his father had always told him to take care of those he chose to care for.
The people of Nu Pike were a hard-working and friendly lot. They welcomed everyone into their midst. They had welcomed him years ago. Most men of his birth status were rejected wherever they went, or at least treated poorly. That was what set Nu Pike apart. It’s people embraced instead of pushed others away.
Talon managed to find time to visit the constable and ask if anyone had been reported missing or lost at sea. No one had. He then visited the docks and asked around. Still no one knew anything about Jason Branton.
Finally, he made the time to get supplies for his trip. He found a stable willing to sell him a good horse and several mules (at an inflated cost of course). He managed to get the stablemaster to include rigging and a saddle in the deal. Next he went to help the men of Nu Pike gather supplies, and purchased his own as they went from shop to shop.
The City of Placid was a fairly large port city. Located along the east coast of Jennai, over the years it had become a popular stopping point for trips as they made their way north of south, or west to Ryvolt Isle.
Throughout the day Talon purchased the supplies he thought might be the most useful…blankets, foodstuffs, cloaks and winter wear. After additional thought, he made a side trip to the local fletcher to purchase a spare bow, some extra strings and several score of arrows. Perhaps he would have time on the journey to teach Jason Branton how to use a bow. The man should learn to at least hunt for food. From what Talon had gleaned from him, he doubted Jason Branton even knew how to hunt.
Always, as he and the other men went about the city, Reaper and Sheba dutifully guarded the wagons. No thieves dared go near them with the snow wolves watching over them.
Finally done gathering the village supplies, the men and Talon gathered at the wagons to discuss their plans to leave. It was late in the day, nearly dark, and Talon suggested they remain in the city until morning. He told them to go visit the local establishments to unwind. He volunteered to watch the wagons for the night to make sure no one stole from them. It wasn’t really needed. Reaper and Sheba would keep their supplies safe, but he’d had a long day and wanted to relax. He also wanted time to himself to think. Besides, he wasn’t big on crowds and inns were always crowded at night. He offered each of the men a few coins, told them to buy a couple rounds of ale on him, and watched as they made their way down the street toward the center of Placid, talking and laughing loudly.
Talon smiled as he watched them disappear. They deserved the chance to unwind. The men of Nu Pike worked hard to provide for their families. It was a hard life in the village but they never complained. If anything, they seemed to enjoy their lives.
He climbed up onto one of the riding boards of a wagon and relaxed. Reaper and Sheba lay on the ground nearby. Their ears perky and eyes open, they rested their snouts on their front paws and remained watchful. The horses and mules were safely under the care of a nearby stable.
Leaning back on the seat of the wagon Talon folded his arms behind his head for support and gazed up at the stars that hung in the velvety black sky. A cool breeze drifted over him, cooler than previous days, but not overly so. Surprisingly, the sky was clear of the rain clouds that had been blocking the light of the moon of late. As he looked up at the stars, he thought about the home he would soon be returning to…not his cabin, but rather his childhood home. It had been a long while since he had been there, years in fact. The time had passed slowly in the first year after leaving, but he could hardly believe five years had gone by since he looked out from the walls of his father’s castle. While he was sure his father and siblings would be overjoyed to see him, he was certain not all in Castle Ephrath would feel so. He remembered the day he had ridden out. His father’s wife had come to him that same morning and told him to never return. He knew she would be unhappy to see him. He’d done his best to honor her order, but there was no help for it now. He looked forward to seeing his father, sisters and brothers. How much had they grown since he had last laid eyes upon them?
Had Anna practiced with the small sword he’d given her the night before his departure? Was Candice still the prim and proper lady she aspired to be? He recalled Philip and his mischievous nature with a smile. And Thomas…the big brother to them all yet younger than Talon. Thomas was the true heir to his father’s responsibilities but he never made Talon feel he was his better…even though they all were. Talon had fond memories of them all. By now, he probably had another sibling as well, if not more than one. That was a thought that made him grin.
As yet another cool breeze blew through the streets and drifted over him, this one a little stronger and cooler, his thoughts focused on concern for the weather during the coming trip. It wasn’t even Harvest Month and already the leaves were beginning to turn brown and fall from the trees. He knew it did not bode well for his future plans. For what seemed like the hundredth time, he wished he could get back to the village and set out for Ephrath all the sooner.
Patience, he told himself. One more evening and the wagons would leave Placid. As much as he wished he could return to Nu Pike sooner the village men deserved a night of frolic. They only came to Placid four times each year for supplies. A night of celebration wasn’t much, but they deserved to enjoy it.
He mentally went over the things to do before he left for Ephrath. The people of Nu Pike would not be happy to see him go, especially for months. He reminded himself that he would need to leave herbal cures and coin with the village elder, a man the entire village trusted. He wasn’t sure when he would make it back. It would be months at least. The winter months would prove too difficult to travel through the Whispering Peaks to return sooner. Depending on what transpired in that time his return may well be delayed even longer. He wanted to make sure they did well while he was gone. The journey to Ephrath would not be a financially costly one, so he could leave more than enough coin for the village.
Talon smiled. He had come to care for the Village of Nu Pike and its people as though they were his own family. He knew the old women of the village mourned for his apparent loneliness, but the truth was that he was happy being alone. A woman in his life would complicate it and he didn’t want such a distraction when he went off to fight for kingdoms as a soldier-for-hire.
He served the realm and the High King in his own way, even if it was indirectly. The coin was good enough to keep his pockets filled. Because of it, he had been able to maintain his cabin and the property it rested on outside of Nu Pike. The stipend from his father he always used to meet the needs of the village.
Being a warrior was a profitable profession, even if he couldn’t enlist because of the circumstances of his birth. He’d always known his life would be one of danger and violence. Men that were baseborn had few options to survive and all of them involved fighting. Talon’s father had offered him a small property in Ephrath to live on with his stipend, but he couldn’t accept the offer. It just didn’t seem appropriate for him to have what other baseborn men could not. His only other options were to join the Barrier Wardens or become a soldier for hire. He chose the latter.
However, Talon had never been a man who the violence of combat. He was skilled at it, and his father had made sure he knew military strategy, but he preferred a life of peace over a life of killing. His father was a wise man though. He made sure he knew how to fight.
When the kingdom needed Talon…he served as permitted. Talon felt it was his duty…and it was a marketable skill. He had earned a reputation for his fighting skill and his instincts. Commanders trusted him, even if enlisted men did not at first. No one knew who his father really was…no one cared. All they knew was that he was baseborn, as were all other men named Talon. But the men assigned to his command always returned alive…and for that, he quickly earned their respect.
The sound of a woman giggling attracted his attention to further up the dark street a few furlongs ahead of him. HE turned and looked in the direction of the noise and saw a man and a woman as they walked arm in arm along the street until they reached the door of a shop. The man pulled out a key and opened the door, ushering the woman inside. Moments later, a lantern flared to life and faded into one of the rear rooms of the shop.
He watched the shadows dance upon the windows of the shop for a short while, not really focused on them but lost in thought.
When he turn back to look at the stars, he was shocked to find a figure drifting downward toward him. The figure was human-shaped with feathered wings that flapped silently in the wind. Reaper and Sheba looked up at the figure as well, but remained where they were. The figure landed on the ground next to the wagon on which Talon laid. He sat up quickly and reached for the hilt of his sword. He realized he’d removed it when he lay down on the riding board. It was on the floorboard.
The creature, if that was what it was, had a slight glow about him. He smiled disarmingly up at Talon from where he stood. Talon was overwhelmed by the magnificence of this being from the heavens. The figure was dressed in white and was perhaps the tallest man Talon had ever seen, with bronze colored skin, if Talon judged correctly in the inadequate moonlight. He wore white robes, much like the local priests wore, but this man looked like no Priest of Olympus Talon had ever seen. Beneath that robe was a man of an obviously powerful stature. About the creature’s waist was a golden belt that held a sword in a scabbard of gold. The pommel of the sword was pearl and jewel encrusted. In one hand, hanging at his side, the creature held a large white sack that bulged with its contents.
Talon wasn’t sure if he was in danger or not. He considered lowering his hand to the floorboard to grip the hilt of his sword, but it was still in its scabbard and he knew it would be difficult to pull it free quick enough if his life was threatened. The being before him looked powerful and dangerous. But he made no threatening moves at all.
The winged man who stood with wings neatly folded behind his back. His face wore a peaceful smile and a look of familiarity. Both Reaper and Sheba had rose and approached the creature. The sniffed at his fingers and started to rub against his hands to get him to pet them. He let loose of the large white sack and did so. The wolves whined with affection.
Talon was speechless. The snow wolves had always been able to sense danger. He could only assume this creature meant him no harm. He trusted the wolves’ instincts.
“What,” he started and paused, not sure what he should say. “What are you?”
“A friend, Talon,” the man said. His voice had a deep and almost musical quality to it, like trumpets blowing but not so loud that it would make a person uncomfortable. Moonlight glittered off the trim of his robe as well, and Talon guessed it was some sort of gold trim.
From his sitting position atop the seat of the wagon, Talon stared down at the creature for several long moments without responding. This man had spoken his name. He had drifted down from the heavens and spoken his name. It was unnerving to say the least. 
“You flew,” Talon managed to say.
Nodding with a friendly smile, the man said, “Yes, I did.”
Talon shook his head and blinked, thinking his imagination was playing tricks on him. But the vision remained.
“I’m Gabe, Talon,” the incredible creature said. “I bring you tidings…and advice.”
“Advice?” responded Talon. He felt stupid. Why couldn’t he form a complete sentence?
“Talon,” The winged man said. “Fear not and be at peace. I mean you no harm.”
A feeling of peacefulness washed over Talon unlike anything he had ever felt before. He stared speechless at the creature for several moments before finally managing to ask, “What are you? Really?”
The creature smiled. “I am an angel, Talon,” he answered. “I serve the same god that Jason Branton serves.”
This creature…this being…knew of Branton? What sort of magic did the Branton dabble in? well, no point in beating around the bushes. “Why have you been sent to me?” he asked. “I do not worship the god you serve.”
Gabe the angel’s smile widened. “The Father see’s all and knows all. You may not think you serve him, but all things work toward his purpose,” He replied. “But I digress and our time is short. I have a message and a gift.”
Gabe lifted the white sack to Talon.
“Please give this, unopened, to Jason Branton. It is a gift from our Lord,” his expression grew serious. “It should not be opened before it is given to Jason Branton. The consequences would be disastrous to anyone who opened the sack.”
Talon frowned. “And Branton?” he asked. “Is it dangerous to him as well?”
The angel shook his head. “So long as he first opens the gift no one will be harmed,” he answered. “The Father wishes only to bless him with the gift. It is meant for him to use in his future endeavors.”
Talon pulled the white sack up onto his lap. The material was smooth like silk. The contents had shaped hard surfaces. It seemed to hold multiple objects, but nothing felt dangerous. Another thought occurred to him.
“Will the contents be damaged by water?” he asked. “It’s been raining nearly every night lately.”
“The fabric is resistant to moisture,” Gabe returned with a knowing look. “However, it will not rain before you return to your village.”
Talon looked down at the angel and inquired, “Oh, so now you are going to tell me your kind controls the clouds in the sky and the rain that falls from them?”
Gabe laughed. “You would be surprised at the things the Father makes possible. I tell you this,” he said. “If you place even a small amount of faith in him, he will give you the strength to move a mountain.”
Now Talon was skeptical. No man could possibly lift a mountain and move it. The angel was being flippant with him. He chose to ignore the comment. “Why?” he asked. “Why ask me to deliver the gift to Jason Branton? Surely you could take it to him yourself?”
Gabe shrugged. “It’s true,” he returned. “But then I would not have had this opportunity to speak with you in private.”
“And why would such as you wish to speak with me?” Talon pressed.
The angel hesitated for several moments as he gazed down the street toward the center of town. “You will soon embark on a journey west with Jason Branton,” he explained. “He is alien to your world, Talon. Protect him and he will become more than you can believe possible.”
“A quest?” Talon laughed now. “A god I do not even worship…one I have never heard of before this man washed up on the shores of Jennai…is asking me to undertake a quest?” He shook his head. “Why should I do as you suggest?”
Gabe grinned up at him as he stretched his wings outward from his sides. Talons eyes widened in amazement. The angel’s wingspan must have been twenty paces!
“Come now,” the angel replied. “Isn’t it true that you would do so even if I had not suggested it?”
Talon considered. The angel made a good point. Talon did intend on arriving in Ephrath with Jason Branton alive and intact. “I suppose I would,” he answered. “So why tell me so?”
The angel’s expression turned serious. “You will face danger on your journey. There will come a point when all seems hopeless. When that time comes, trust Jason Branton. His actions will save you both.”
Talon considered. He stashed the white sack behind the seat and pulled a cover over it. The action gave him a few moments to think. Finally he turned to the angel. “You ask more than you know of me. I’m not one to trust in others when my own skills usually serve me better.”
“In this instance,” the majestic creature told him. “Your skills will fail you. Only Jason Branton’s faith will prove your salvation.” The angel looked up the street again. “Our time runs out. Someone comes.”
The angel’s wings began to flap and he was easily lifted into the air. He looked down at Talon and said, “Remember my words, Talon.”
In an instant the angel lifted up and away into the night. Talon tried to follow with his eyes but the angel moved too quickly and the night was too consuming. A moment later, two of the village men appeared from the direction the angel had turned his gaze only minutes before. They laughed as they walked toward the wagons. One of them smiled and handed a jug of wine to Talon.
“We brought you something, Talon,” he said and then blushed. “We drank a little on the way here I’m afraid.”
Talon grinned down at the two men. The jug was only half full. Clearly the two men had drank a fair share throughout the evening. “My thanks, friends.”
The two men bowed and made their way further on to one of the other wagons. They clumsily climbed aboard it and lay down to sleep. Within moments, both were snoring loudly.
Talon grinned and shook his head. He looked down at the two wolves. Sheba stared up at him and Reaper was already lying down to rest.
“You were no help at all,” he chastised lightheartedly. Sheba gave a low whine and Reaper ignored him completely, apparently content with sleeping.
Talon shrugged and turned his thoughts back to Jason Branton. Who was this man that creatures from the heavens spoke his name? With each passing day, the mystery surrounding the man deepened. Talon shook his head with a sigh. Now he had the added concern of the danger they would face on the journey to Ephrath.
Well, he told himself. Foretold is forewarned.
He would prepare as best he could for whatever dangers they would face. And he would remain alert. But he would also be glad to begin the journey to see his father and his family. Even his stepmother, Lady Tiffany, would be a sight for sore eyes. But most of all, he wanted answers and hoped to find them in Ephrath.
A cool wind blew and Talon felt a slight chill come over him. He unbuckled his sword belt and laid the trusted weapon on the wagons seat next to him, then reached under the canvas for several blankets. Arranging two of them as pillows, he lay down on the riding board and covered himself with several others. His feet hanging over the side, he lay staring up at the stars and kept one ear attuned for anyone disturbing the wagons. He rested his eyes from time to time, never really falling asleep, but grabbing catnaps throughout the night. It was several long hours later before the men of the village began returning from the inn. Each of them climbed into the back of the wagons and went to sleep, lightheaded from an evening of too much ale. Once all were accounted for, Talon felt free to finally sleep deeply.
The next day, as the sun rose in the east, the wagons left Placid for the village of Nu Pike.
Chapter Twenty | A Gift Revealed
“What kind of journey?” Jason asked Talon, confused. The men of the village had arrived earlier in the afternoon and Jason Branton had been feeling well enough to assist in unloading the village supplies. Now as he sat at the table in Leila’s cabin, he reluctantly considered Talon’s suggestion. “I can’t go anywhere. What if a ship comes here looking for me?”
Talon frowned. “Branton…Jason,” he replied with obvious regret. “It is unlikely that anyone will come for you. From your descriptions, I know of no lands even remotely nearby that are as the one you described as your home. And by your own admission, no one knew where you were when your boat sank.”
Jason Branton was not ready to give up on being rescued just yet. He had accepted now that Jennai was some place other than…what? Well, to be honest he wasn’t sure. But he wasn’t ready to give up on some sort of rescue or a solution to his circumstances. “There is always a chance. Hope springs eternal, as they say.”
“How long will you tarry here in Nu Pike, Jason…Jason Branton?” Talon asked. He leaned forward to put his elbows on the table and looked Branton in the eyes. “My father may be able to provide the answers you seek. It is a long journey, but one that is well worth the time, I think. At the very least, he can arrange for a ship to transport you back to your homeland, if we can deduce where it is.”
Frustrated, Jason Branton leaned back in his chair. His eyes wondered, falling on the forms of the two very large wolves that stayed close to Talon at all times. They lay in a corner, relaxing, oblivious to the things being discussed around them, treating Leila’s cabin as if it were their own. Talon seemed to have complete control over them, unlike Jason’s lack of control over his own life at the moment.
It was infuriating. Bad enough that he had lost his boat…he survived its sinking only to wash up on the shores of some strange land that seemingly existed on another world entirely. No…he couldn’t accept that. It wasn’t possible that he had left Earth. But the people native to the land knew nothing of the United States…or any other places he mentioned. He wished he’d been in well enough condition to go to this City of Placid Talon and the village men had gone to. Maybe he could have found a phone or a long range radio. But that was impossible, wasn’t it? Such technology didn’t exist here.
He still held onto the belief that Jennai wasn’t a part of the Americas, but could possibly be located in Brazil or on a Middle Eastern continent. Perhaps it was somehow hidden in the Atlantic Ocean and thus undiscovered. According to what Talon had told Branton the country, no, the kingdom, was a large one. If that were so, why had he not heard of it before? It  just made no sense.
He realized Talon was staring at him, waiting for him to say something more.
“I need to pray about this,” he replied. He should have sought God’s guidance already. He would correct that mistake now and hopefully some answers would come to him, if not some peace of spirit at least. “I understand you wish me to go, but I need time to think. When were you expecting to leave?”
“In two days, Jason Branton,” Talon responded. He straightened in his chair and was silent a moment. The man was frayed at the edges and seemed close to breaking. Leila had told him Jason had been trying to fit in the last few days. As soon as he was well enough to do so, he’d helped the village women with chores while the men were away. The children of the village had taken a liking to him as well. She also told Talon of the tales he had been sharing with the children and the other people of the village. The tales were spiritual in nature always. And then there was the creature who had approached Talon in Placid…the angel. Whoever Jason Branton was, and wherever he had come from, it was clear he was a man dedicated to his faith. His previous thought of forcing the man to go on the journey seemed out of place now. Besides, the angel had said they would go on the journey. It seemed that even if Jason Branton needed time to decide, he would decide to go.
“Very well, Jason,” Talon said. “I realize this has come as a surprise, and I should give you time to consider.” He stood and stretched. “I have much to do before we can leave…at least two or three days. I will come on the morrow to see how you feel.”
As an afterthought, he remembered the white sack. “There is something more to discuss as well. Remain here while I go get something from one of the wagons.” He left the cabin.
Leihla, who had been standing across the room stared at Jason Branton for a moment, pity in her eyes. He looked up and noticed her looking at him and asked, “Do you think I should go with him?”
She frowned. “Far be it from me that I should think my opinion matters over a man such as Talon, The Lonely Knight. I am sure of one thing,” she said after a moment. “That you can trust him…with your life if need be. We at the village have, and he hasn’t disappointed us yet. If he believes a journey to Ephrath is needed, then it is likely so. Talon is a smart one, he is.”
The door swung open again, and Talon entered with the white silk bag filled to bulging. The sack was large and looked to be almost half Leihla’s height. Talon laid the cloth sack on the floor next to Jason Branton. Metal rubbed on metal within it.
“What’s this?” Jason asked, puzzled. He looked down at the sack and then back at Talon.
Talon shrugged. “I don’t know. Late  the last evening we spent in Placid I was visited by a creature unlike any I had ever seen before. It was a man, but a man with wings who floated down from above. He told me to give this sack to you.”
Jason Branton arched an eyebrow. “A man with wings?”
Could it be? A member of the Host here in Jennai?
Talon nodded. “He called himself Gabe and said that he was something called an angel. He told me that no one should look in the sack until it was delivered to you.”
The air rushed out of Jason Branton’s lungs as he sighed. He was speechless for several long moments. Could it be that the Host were present and offering their support to him? If so, then maybe he wasn’t as alone as he previously thought.
“Shouldn’t we go to Placid then?” he asked Talon. “This angel may have the answers I need.”
Talon shook his head.  He considered telling Jason Branton that the angel had said he would go on the journey to Ephrath, but decided against it. A man needed to make his own choices and choose his own direction. To tell Jason everything the majestic creature said concerning the future would steal those choices from him. He needed to come to his own conclusions.
“The creature lifted himself into the air and flew away. I watched him disappear in the distant darkness. It is my belief that he left Placid for some other destination,” he told Jason. “This Gabe creature…he seemed to have your best interests in mind.”
“What did he look like?” Jason asked. He glanced in Leihla’s’ direction momentarily. She was leaning against a counter in the kitchen area, listening to their conversation.
Talon answered, “He wore priestly white robes, but they were unlike the priestly robes of those who serve Zeus or Hercules. He was big, taller than me, and powerfully built. His robes were trimmed and his feet were sandaled with gold, and he wore a sword on his hip.” He glanced at the two wolves lying nearby. “And those two took a liking to him. It was quite out of character.”
Confused, Jason Branton looked down at the white sack before him. Hesitantly, he reached down and untied the leather binding that held it closed. Peering inside, he paused, even more confused than before he had opened the sack. He looked up at Talon silently.
“Well?” Talon asked, curious. “I have to admit, the contents of that sack have kept me wondering for over two days now. Are you going to open it?”
Jason Branton shook his head. He looked down, reached into the sack and withdrew one of the items. It was a man’s girdle, made of some sort of metal mesh. He held it up for Talon and Leihla to see. Across the front symbols were intertwined in Hebrew letters.
Talon stepped forward and touched the girdle. “This is very fine workmanship, Jason Branton. I wonder what those symbols mean?”
“Truth,” Branton replied. “The symbols are a very old language, one that I studied when I was young. These say ‘Truth’.” Laying the girdle on the table, Branton again reached into the sack and withdrew a second item. This was a helmet, constructed of a very sturdy, gold-colored metal. On the brow of the helmet, the word ‘Salvation’ was engraved in Hebrew.
“This makes no sense,” Branton said. “Why would someone send me armor?”
Talon took the helmet and turned it over in his hands, studying the metal. “I have never seen metal such as this. It is the color of gold, yet clearly it is not gold. Gold would be too soft a metal to make a good helm,” he explained. “What is this engraved on it? More of the same language?”
Branton nodded. “Salvation.” He was seeing a familiar pattern forming.
Talon set the helmet on the table. “Well, I can guess at what else is in the sack, Jason Branton. These are all parts of a suit of armor.”
Branton reached again into the sack. The object he pulled out was bigger than the ones he withdrew before it, yet still light of weight. He held it up, and then turned it so that Talon and Leihla could see it. Made of the same tinted metal as the helmet, sunlight shined on it through the window, almost causing it to glow slightly.
“Righteousness,” he said. “I assume this is a breastplate?”
Talon nodded.
“Dear Lord,” Branton prayed in disbelief. “This can’t be happening.” Could it be?
Puzzled, Talon asked, “What is it, Jason Branton? Do these items mean something to you? Is there cause for alarm?”
Alarm? He could hardly believe what he had discovered waiting for him in the white sack! He carefully laid the breastplate across the table and stared at it for nearly a minute. Only two items remained in the sack. He reached in and withdrew both with one hand.
Boots. Plated with the same metal the helm and breastplate were made of, one boot had the word ‘gospel’ engrave in the shin; the other was engraved with the word ‘peace’, both once again in Hebrew. Jason laid them on the table and sat heavily in his chair again. He balled up the white sack and tossed it on the table next to the items. In shock and awe, he stared at a representation of the Armor of God.
“That is it?” Talon asked, confused. “An incomplete suit of armor?”
Jason looked at him, silent for a moment, and then remarked, “Incomplete?”
Talon nodded. “Yes, where are the greaves and gloves? The pants? This armor is pretty, but it isn’t enough to save you in a battle.”
Jason Branton frowned. “I am no warrior, at least not in the physical sense.” He said. Of course, spiritually was another matter entirely. “I don’t understand it either, my friend,” he continued. “I don’t understand it. I mean, I haven’t even held a gun in years. I was only an engineer in the army.”
“What is a gun?” Talon answered. “Come to think of it, what is an engineer?”
Jason looked over the armor once again, shaking his head as he did so.
“A gun is a weapon of war where I came from,” he answered. “Engineers are people such as me, who build things like bridges or mechanical constructs.” He shook his head. “I find this all very confusing. I need time to think and pray.”
Jason walked into his room and closed the door behind him. Talon and Leihla watched him go and stared for a moment at the closed door.
Leihla looked at Talon. “This isn’t easy for him,” she said to him. “Whatever his home was like, he’s been ripped from it. He feels lost and alone.”
Talon frowned at her. “I know,” he muttered. “And I fear it won’t be getting easier for him.”
He stood and turned to go. “I have to start preparing for our journey.”
Leihla said, “So you will not be taking no for an answer from him then?”
Talon looked her way. “I don’t think ‘no’ will be the answer I hear from him. Time is short. It will be an early and harsh winter, Leihla,” he explained. “We have to travel to Ephrath as quickly as possible.”
Leihla understood.  Talon wasn’t the only one who feared the sudden environmental changes. “Go then, Lonely Knight,” she said. “Make ready. But give the stranger time. He seems a good man and I sense a wisdom buried within him. He just needs to find it again to find his strength once more.”
Talon nodded and left the cabin.
Chapter Twenty-One | Power of Prayer
A beam of sunlight arced through a crack in the closed shutters of the bedroom window as Jason Branton sat on his bed in the room he had occupied for weeks now. He was overwhelmed the circumstances he had found himself in. Lying on the worn and stained wood floor before him was the white sack containing the armor that seemingly symbolized the Armor of God. He was not disillusioned. He knew the Armor of God mentioned in the Bible was not a physical thing that could be worn, but rather a spiritual source of strength.
He needed answers. He had needed them ever since The Drifter sank, but it seemed as though all he ever got were more questions. All measure of control over his life had been stripped from Jason the night of the storm. Why had he felt drawn to that area of the Atlantic Ocean? He was sure that God had called him there. He’d felt it deep within his soul in a way that left no question at the time, or even now.
Leihla’s story of the dolphins…how was it possible? And then he was pulled onto the shores of a world that seemingly didn’t exist. He felt like he was going mad. Was this entire experience a dream? Or was he in some mental hospital because he’d lost all touch with reality?
But it all seemed so very real.
Jennai was a land unlike any he had ever heard of, except perhaps in novels of fantasy or motion pictures. It couldn’t exist. And yet…here he was. If only he had his navigational charts from The Drifter. Then he could at least look for Jennai…or Saran…or whatever this place was called.
And now there was the mystery of the armor and the creature named Gabe. Was he truly an angel? Was it possible?
That was a curious question indeed. The term ‘angel’ wasn’t one Talon would have been familiar with. As far as Jason could tell, no one in Jennai would be familiar with it. And the name ‘Gabe’ was a shortened variation of Gabriel.
Jason shook his head. He must be mad if he was even considering the possibility that he warranted the attentions of an archangel. Although, now that he thought about it, deception was the work of Lucifer.
So Talon couldn’t have even heard the term unless it was spoken to him.
It was clear Talon experienced an encounter with…something.
And that something had given him armor engraved with words written in the Hebrew language. The armor. It was like chapter six of Ephesians had been given substance...had come to life. Was he just to take it on faith that it really was the Armor of God?
Faith…the ‘substance’ of things hoped for. It was the true definition of faith as outlined, coincidentally, in the Book of Hebrews.
Jason looked down at the white sack, filled once again with the armor. He needed answers and they didn’t seem to be available.
Should he agree to this journey Talon was suggesting? He didn’t know. He was afraid. What if he left Nu Pike and missed being rescued as a result? Who knew how long he would be stranded? Would he ever get home again?
Despair descended on Jason Branton. He felt so alone. He felt abandoned by God. All he wanted was a sign that he wasn’t in this alone…that God was with him. Talon, a man who had never even heard of Christ before Jason came along had experienced a visitation by an angel. He knew it was wrong to be envious, but Jason had been stretched beyond the limited of rational thought. He shook his head slowly. He’d always considered himself strong in faith. The people of Nu Pike seemed nice enough, but he knew he had little…really he had nothing…in common with them. And although they were a polite, hardworking and compassionate people, there was the matter of their faith. The gods these people worshipped…they seemed straight out of Greek mythology.  It all seemed…alien to him and he desperately needed answers.
Sighing, he lifted himself off the mattress and walked to a clear spot on the dusty floor, got down on his knees and leaned forward to bury his face in his hands against the floor. He then started to pray. Humbled thus, he went to war against his circumstances, praising the Lord and lifting Him above the troubles he faced. He placed God before his situation, as hard as it seemed, and he drew strength from the Lord. He reminded himself that his focus should have remained upon the Lord instead of his own problems. For over an hour he prayed in this way, on his knees, face buried in his hands, in tears.
At one point, hearing his cries and concerned for his welfare, Leihla cracked open the door and peeked inside. Seeing him there, humbled and broken, she watched for several long moments, until she felt as though she were intruding and backed away to close the door quietly. As she turned away, she wiped a tear from her own cheek, wondering at the sadness, yet beauty of Branton’s worship and prayer. She made her way into the kitchen area of her cabin, suddenly feeling the need to clean something and at the same time, wondered why her own faith carried no such heart wrenching beauty as she had just witnessed.
In his room, Jason Branton continued in prayer. First, he cried out to God for wisdom and knowledge in his circumstances, and then he thanked the Lord in faith, knowing those gifts would come to him. And finally, he exalted God with praise and worship, singing songs to lift up his Lord and Savior. He was consumed by his time alone in the Spirit and the world outside the room a distant memory.
Outside, as villagers passed by Leihla’s cabin, they heard his voice and wondered at the beauty…not just of his voice, but of the commitment behind it. Word spread through the village over the course of that hour, and even Talon who after resting had been helping a man repair the roof of a cabin, came to investigate. When he and several others arrived outside the cabin, Jason Branton’s prayers, worship and praise could be heard clearly as they carried on the wind. Talon looked at the villagers who had gathered. Some were sitting in the grass, including adults and children. Some were standing nearby, pretending not to listen. As the crowd grew, most stared at Branton’s window and Talon could see that tears were rolling down many of their cheeks, even the men.
He turned back to the cabin to listen. Jason Branton’s voice was good, there was no denying that, and it seemed sincere. Talon didn’t feel like shedding tears over the sound of it. However, it was becoming clear that while he and the men of the village had been away to Placid, the rest of the village had been influenced by the presence of Jason Branton. And now, even the men were lured by this show of faith.
While the villagers and Leihla listened to his prayers, worship and praises, Jason Branton was himself unaware of anything except the presence of the comforting arms of God, wrapped around him in spirit and bringing peace to his wretched soul. His spirit felt the presence and began to bolster itself, and he began to feel the rising of the Holy Spirit, which dwelled within him. In the small kitchen of the cabin, Leihla had stopped cleaning and listened again to Jason spending time with his god. She sat down at the table and wiped tears from her eyes with a cloth, wondering why she was so emotional and they would not stop flooding her eyes and rolling down her cheeks.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Outside, where the villagers and Talon were gathered, the clouded sky had parted slightly, and the light of the sun shined a bright beam down onto the part of the cabin directly on the room in which Branton was even now humbled and praying within. The people gasped in quiet shock and whispered excitedly to one another. The window to Branton’s room had almost started to glow with the sun’s energy. Talon shook his head in disbelief. It was as though the heavens themselves were contributing to the growing legend of Jason Branton. He sighed. He knew coincidences happened all the time, and that was all this was. The clouds above had simply chosen the right moment to open. That was all there was to it. While he had to admit the obvious faith and commitment he could hear in Branton’s voice as he worshiped his god was impressive, Talon had no liking for any so-called gods and their lack of compassion for their people. Zeus himself had been known to even come to the mortal world and have his way with the woman of Saran. According to legend that was how Hercules had been birthed. Talon had always thought it ironic that the world of Saran worshiped a god born in the same circumstances that he, as a baseborn son, had himself had been born into.
For the villagers themselves, they seemed more open to the stories Jason Branton had been telling, and to this new showing of faith. They spoke of some sort of stirring within them. And they said they felt a strange emptiness in their hearts that had always been there, yet had never known what to fill it with. They wondered if Branton’s god could fill that void.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Inside the room a peace began to settle on Branton and he grew silent, eyes closed and face still buried in his hands. He enjoyed the presence of God and the comforting grip of the Holy Spirit. He rested in that comfort for many long minutes. He grew silent, content to enjoy the embrace of the Lord.
Inwardly, he began to know things. Not knowledge of his situation, certainly, but rather that God had never left him and that there was a plan in place. He came to realize that he was not alone, and never had been.
Eventually, after a long while, he opened his eyes and lifted his head, feeling as though he had just awakened from a long, peaceful sleep. The room seemed brighter as he brought his eyes into focus, and they settled upon the yellow crate that he had clung to while lost at sea. It rest in the corner, covered with the dust of several weeks, and Jason suddenly wondered why he had not thought to look in it sooner.
It wasn’t as though he didn’t know what was in it. It was filled with emergency supplies. He stared at it for several long moments, wondering why he had forgotten about the box in the past weeks. Slowly, he rose to his knees, feeling week and drained, yet still full of life. He rose to his feet and staggered as though drunk and laughed as he sank back down to his knees and crawled to the crate. This was a drunkenness he could surely live with and knew well from past experience that it was always just a prayer away.
Reaching down, he began unfastening the canvas straps that held the yellow container closed and secured its contents. He blew some of the dust off the lid, then decided what remained wasn’t important. Lifting, he pulled the lid off and set it to the side on the floor. And then he smiled.
Sitting right there on top of some folded clothing was a black book…a Bible he had placed in the crate in case he lost his regular one, which he had. He lifted the Bible out and hugged it to his chest, bowing his head, closing his eyes and thanking God for his comforting Word. After several moments, he set the Bible aside and reached back into the chest. The next items were a simple pair of jeans, a t-shirt, socks and tennis shoes. Looking down at the garments he was now wearing, he felt obvious joy at finding these items…even though he knew they were there all along. He had, after all, packed the crate himself. The clothes would need washing before he could wear them, but they were otherwise in good enough condition...although the time spent in the crate had given them a strong mildew odor.
Setting the clothing aside, he explored the rest of the contents. He found bottled water, some rations, a survival knife, a folded map, a compass a watch and a few other items of interest.
A map?
Not believing he had forgotten the folded map was even in the container, he reached inside and withdrew it and immediately unfolded it on the floor. Finding the Bermuda Triangle, he began to explore the surrounding land masses, looking for Jennai. Not finding it, he looked over the rest of the map, carefully, examining every detail. He read every title of every city, country, island and more. It took nearly half an hour, and nowhere could he find a land called Jennai.
He leaned back as he sat on the floor and thought for several long minutes. He had packed this map because it was the most accurate, up-to-date, detailed world map available. Yet, Jennai was not listed anywhere on it. As he puzzled over this, his thoughts returned to the Bermuda Triangle and the legends that surrounded it. Many a boat had disappeared in the Triangle over hundreds of years, mostly never to be found. Even planes had been lost. Of the very few that had been found, the passengers were gone, disappeared to God knows where. The superstitious held onto the theory that somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle an unstable gateway existed that leads to other dimensions…other worlds. They called it a nexus of realities.
Jason Branton had never put any stock in these superstitions, but now…well…here he was. As reluctant as he was to acknowledge such a possibility, he had to admit it did make an odd kind of sense. It would explain so much…the lack of technology, how the people he had spoken with knew nothing of the United States, the faith of the villagers in the Greek gods of myth and legend. The entire world of Saran, or at least Jennai, seemed a world set apart from his own, and the occupant…the people of Jennai…they knew nothing of the world that existed outside their own dimension.
He shook his head, shaken to the core of his being. While a part of him screamed that this theory was impossible, he was somehow sensing it was true. Even his spirit seemed in agreement. It was his mind that found it hard to grasp. Then again, he knew heaven and hell existed in other dimensions or realms. And the human mind could not fully grasp the power and true glory of God. In fact, the Word even said that a man could not gaze upon the Father directly or he would be overwhelmed.
Even as his mind reeled, he realized he was accepting the possibility. It just began to make too much sense to discount. The idea of another realm, other than that of the spiritual, did not fit in with his faith. He could just imagine how his fellow believers would react to the suggestion that this was possible. But now Branton found himself in a third realm and he was certain that God Himself was spiritually present with him.
He picked up his newly recovered Bible and randomly opened it to a page, then began reading the first verse his eyes fell upon. He often had done this in the past. He enjoyed the discoveries of God’s comforting Word at times of need, and he believed the Lord guided his hands and eyes at such times.
His eyes had come to rest on Psalm seventy-seven. He began reading aloud…more loudly than he realized:

I cried out to God with my voice—
To God with my voice; 
And He gave ear to me.
In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord;
My hand was stretched out in the night without ceasing; 
My soul refused to be comforted.
I remembered God, and was troubled;
I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed.  Selah  
You hold my eyelids open;
I am so troubled that I cannot speak.
I have considered the days of old,
The years of ancient times.
I call to remembrance my song in the night;
I meditate within my heart, 
And my spirit makes diligent search. 
Will the Lord cast off forever?
And will He be favorable no more?
Has His mercy ceased forever?
Has His promise failed forevermore?
Has God forgotten to be gracious?
Has He in anger shut up His tender mercies?  Selah  
And I said, “This is my anguish;
But I will remember the years of the right hand of the Most High.”
I will remember the works of the LORD;
Surely I will remember Your wonders of old.
I will also meditate on all Your work,
And talk of Your deeds.
Your way, O God, is in the sanctuary;
Who is so great a god as our God?
You are the God who does wonders;
You have declared Your strength among the peoples.
 You have with Your arm redeemed Your people... 

Jason Branton stopped reading. The scripture had reminded him that God was in control. If he were indeed in another dimension or another world than Earth, then it had to be because God had desired it. This meant He had sent Jason to Jennai for a reason. The scriptures had certainly captured his frustrations.
He smiled. The important thing was that now he knew where he was, sort of, and that he had a mission. He had no doubt as to what that mission was…Jesus Himself had revealed it in the Great Commission. He was to take the good news of God’s Salvation to the world. For weeks now, Jason Branton had felt like a victim and he had acted like one as well. No more. He was a missionary, dedicated to spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ and as always, he knew that signs and wonders would follow in his footsteps. It was time he take the focus from his own problems and put it on doing the work he was called to do.
He rose off the floor and set the Bible on the straw mattress, then considered changing into the clothes he had recovered from the crate. The mildew odor was strong on them, and he decided to wait until he could wash them at least. He removed the watch, compass and knife, and then repacked the crate and put the lid on. There was a belt that had been rolled up in the clothes.
Finally, he stood in the center of the room and stretched to loosen his back and limbs.
He had decided. He would accompany Talon on the journey. But he would also use the journey to spread the gospel and to pray with the needy. That was what a missionary did, and it was time he started fulfilling his role again.
Walking to the door of the bedroom, he opened it, startled to find Leihla standing before him, in tears, hands clasped as though begging.
“Jason Branton,” she cried emotionally. “Ask your God to heal me, sir. I no longer wish to be burdened with this pain, and if your god can work miracles, I pray he will do so with me.”
He smiled down at her, thinking that already God was giving him opportunities to spread his love and Word. He took up both of Leihla’s hands and led her to the nearby table. Then he did as she asked. He prayed with Leihla. He asked God to heal her, to fill her, and to introduce her to salvation through Jesus Christ.
And all was good.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The villagers stared at the cabin for a long while. They had heard Jason Branton worshiping and praying for several hours, and then all had grown silent for a short while. Then they had heard Branton’s voice speaking again, saying what? A scripture? And then they heard Leihla, the old woman, crying out to be healed and for salvation from the pain she had to live with since her back had started troubling her. They heard Jason Branton praying, addressing the hump on her back that had been with her since she had grown old, and they heard her crying out in what was at first hopelessness, then joy.
The assembled villagers waited impatiently as they stared at the door to the cabin. They tried to convince each other to approach and knock on the front door to find out what was happening inside. Others talked of sneaking up to windows to peer inside, but they did not do so. Instead, they eventually grew silent, waiting and listening. Some may have been filled with fear at what could be happening in the cabin, but most were more curious than anything else. The sounds they heard were not alarming ones.
As for Talon, he leaned against a nearby tree, curious, but not as strongly affected as the villagers. He wanted to see what was happening, yes, but he was not waiting with baited breath. When all was said and done, nothing will have changed.
Jason Branton would still be a mystery, and the old woman Leihla would still be hunched over in pain. The gods, even Branton’s god, would not visit a true miracle as the villagers hoped. He knew this because he knew the gods simply did not care for anyone else but themselves. All of his life, he had been persecuted for the conditions of his birth, while the son of Zeus, Hercules, had also been baseborn. Yet many in Jennai...in all of Saran…worshiped Hercules. Talon considered it hypocrisy. He knew he was resentful but he felt justified in that resentment.
The sounds from the cabin grew quiet, and Talon looked to the door. It was several long minutes before it opened. He expected Jason Branton to come out, but instead it was Leihla. He straightened as he realized what he was looking at. The crowd of villagers gasped in shock.
Leihla came out of her cabin, obviously shocked that the village was present. She blushed slightly, then stood firm…and straight. She was no longer hunched over as she had been for years. The hump upon her back was gone. Tears freely flowed down her cheeks as she smiled widely and looked over the crowd of villagers.
From inside the cabin, Branton stepped out beside her. In his hand he held a bucket for water. He hadn’t noticed the assembled villagers at first. They were silent, shocked and unable to speak. He hugged Leihla and said, “Let me fetch you some water, sister,” he said. “I’ll fix you a bath.”
Then as he looked up to leave the yard, he noticed the crowd that had gathered. He looked back at Leihla, curious. She shrugged then smiled. He grinned, turned and walked from the yard with the pail, heading toward the well to get Leihla’s water, nodding politely to the villagers he passed. The assembled villagers watched him go in silence and shock, and then turned back to Leihla.
“What happened to you?” One of the men asked hesitantly.
Leihla smiled a peaceful, reassuring smile. “I don’t know for sure, Theo,” she explained with a shrug. “I only know that I have been healed. I cannot understand it…yet…but it is true. And I feel more loved then I ever have before. I felt Jason Branton’s God as surely as I stand here before you.”
All at once, the villagers started talking amongst themselves. Something incredible had happened in Nu Pike and they were amazed and confused by it.
Talon, sighing and shaking his head in disbelief, turned away and walked up the narrow dirt road that would eventually lead him to his cabin. As he went, he told himself that there had to have been some sort of trick to it all. Yet he had known Leihla for years. The hump upon her back had been there before he had even met her, long before this stranger named Jason Branton had washed up on their shores.
Sleep did not come easy that night…not for him or any of the villagers. And when it did come, the dreams came with it. Over and over they heard the songs of praise and saw a crippled old woman come out of the cabin fully healed. They saw a humble Jason Branton walk away from the cabin, not basking in the glory of what he had done, but reaching out to serve Leihla by fetching water to draw a warm bath for her.
Several times in the night, Talon and others had wakened, not as from a nightmare, but as from a sudden realization that change was coming in Jennai, and it had begun in their small community…in the village called Nu Pike.
Chapter Twenty-Two | The Decision
The sun rose on a new day in Nu Pike. On this particular day, its light was not dimmed by a cloud covering. The birds were chirping. Children were soon playing outdoors. Everyone was in a reasonably good mood. During the morning hours, Talon was preparing some herbal remedies at the solidly built oak table in his cabin when he heard a light knock at his door. Rising, he walked over and opened it to find Jason before him. Branton had a pleasant smile.
“May I come in?” He asked with a polite smile.
“Of course, Jason Branton” Talon replied. He had made plans to visit Branton later in the day anyway. He was still mulling over the events that had transpired the day before and he felt uncomfortable around the man. Well, he thought. I had better get over that quickly. “Have you decided whether to go to Ephrath?”
“I have,” said Branton. He walked pass Talon and glanced casually about the scantily furnished cabin. It was much smaller than Leihla’s. In fact it was mostly just one room. Like a studio apartment back home, Branton thought silently. He turned to face Talon, who was closing the door. “I find myself in a strange new land that does not seem to be a part of my own world,” he remarked. “I need answers, and I hope that your father can provide them…or at least some of them.”
Talon considered a moment, and then asked, “You said that Jennai is not a part of your world? What do you mean by this, Jason?”
“Please, call me Jason. I meant just what I said, Talon,” answered Branton. “I found a map of my world in the yellow box I washed up on shore with. I searched it completely for Jennai, and it wasn’t to be found. I’m not altogether sure of the reasons, but when my boat sank and I was lost at sea, I believe a doorway into your world opened up and I passed through it.” He noticed Talon’s skeptical expression. “I know, it sounds impossible. And yet…here I am.”
“You are saying your world…these United States you have mentioned…are not a part of this world?” Talon asked, not believing what he was hearing. Was Jason Branton speaking of magic? Who possessed such power? The gods maybe, but considering the impact Branton was having on those around him, he suspected they would not have participated in bringing him to Jennai.
“Exactly,” returned Branton. “On my world, where my boat sank, there are legends and stories of vessels disappearing and never being seen again. I always thought they were just stories, that the vessels themselves had sank and to passengers drown or worse. But I never, not once, considered that a…portal or gateway…could exist and lead to another realm. In fact, now that I think about it, I have to wonder if any others from my world have found their way to Jennai or some other part of your world.”
 He paused, thoughtful. “To be honest, I am more than a little overwhelmed. I find myself in a world I know nothing about, with a people who know nothing of my own world or its technologies. Yet, when I consider the possible reasons, I have no clue. All I can think to do is what I have always done…fulfill God’s will to the best of my ability. Well, that and seek more answers, which is why I think I should go on this journey.”
Talon nodded. “I am glad…Jason, that you have decided to go on this journey,” he replied. “Not all of your words make sense to me, all of this talk about other worlds, but I too have questions that need to be answered. It seems we are called together by the fates for some purpose. At any rate, we shall be leaving on the morrow at sunrise, unless you need another day?”
Jason Branton shook his head. “I should be ready,” he said as he moved toward the door to leave, and then hesitated. “One thing, Talon,” he remarked as he turned and looked at the man. “I won’t hide who I am or the God I worship. He is a part of me. I say this because I know it makes you uncomfortable when I speak of the subject of my faith. I’m sure you have your own reasons for the way you feel, but you need to know…I will not avoid expressing my faith in any circumstance. You see, even though I serve my Lord, I also live with him. Just as the air we breathe is a part of us, he is a part of me as well. I try to always…always be in His presence. And when I am in His presence, when His Spirit comes upon me, I cannot help but speak of it. You should consider this before you commit to traveling with me.” He paused, and when no response came at first from Talon, he continued. “You say you have family, brothers, sisters and such. If one of them were traveling with us, would you be able to ignore their presence?” 
Talon shook his head, but did not speak. His serious expression said it all though.
“Then please understand,” Branton explained. “I do not speak of Him out of pride or boastfulness, but because I must. He is a part of my past, present and future.” He stopped talking, looking at Talon and gauging for a reaction of some sort. Did his words offend or sooth the warrior?
Talon, for his part, did not speak at first. He stared at Branton, considering his words. It was several moments, which seemed an eternity to Jason, before the young soldier spoke.
“I do not have ill feelings toward you, Jason Branton,” he remarked. “Nor do I have any with your god, I suppose. It is the gods of Jennai and Saran I have issues with. Please, come sit down and I will tell you my story.”
They both sat themselves at the small table in the corner of the cabin. The table was a heavy oak one, and it rested beneath an open window that provided a clear view of the path leading to the cabin. Talon leaned back in his chair. He was not completely comfortable sharing his past with Jason Branton, but the man had made an effort, and it seemed only right that Talon return the same. He looked away, staring at nothing for almost a minute, and then turned his head to face Branton once again.
“My story begins over twenty-five summers ago, not long before my birth. The man who would be my father was on campaign, fighting a war against the mad Emperor Pors Malys. The land of Jennai was not a good place in those days. Pors Malys was an evil man, and he saw enemies in every corner…likely most of them were not imagined due to his cruel leadership. There are many stories that give examples of his lack of compassion toward his people. One such story involves his mother. She had raised him to be the only heir to her husband, who had been killed by poison many years before. Perhaps she had a hand in her husband’s death, perhaps she did not. Such is another story. She had dedicated her life to preparing her son to rule.
“And until he was ready, Pors Malys’ mother ruled in his proxy. Her rule was a short one, only six years. On his seventeenth summer, Pors Malys was named the ruler of Jennai. At first, he was open to his mother’s advice, knowing she had knowledge to offer. As time went on though, she eventually fell in love with one of her sons most skilled and reliable generals. This was a man that the soldiers of the emperor’s army respected greatly. He and the mother of Pors Malys fell in love, and kept their relationship private.
“But Pors had spies everywhere at this point. He knew of their relationship, and late one night, as she lay in the bed of this general, the Emperors Guard burst in and arrested them both. For nearly a week, Pors Malys made his mother watch as the general was tortured. And at the end of it, he had both their heads removed and put on display on pikes outside the castle. He had believed the two had conspired against him to overthrow his rule…when likely, all they really wanted was each other.”
Jason Branton released a breath. “I can see why he was called ‘mad’.”
Talon nodded. “When it came to his people, Malys was a cruel ruler. He placed high taxes on them, and if they did not pay, the females of the families would be tortured, enslaved or executed. He always left the men to do the work in the fields…well, perhaps not always.
“My father, Sir James Arthur Brantide, was the middle of three brothers. All were descendants of the first king of Jennai. Pors Malys viewed the bloodline as a threat to his power, yet for years he did nothing. Then one day, my father’s older brother was recklessly hunting in the Barrier Mountains with a small group of friends, eight of them in all. The Barrier Mountains were, and still are a dangerous place. Most consider it wise to avoid them altogether, except for the wardens who patrol them. My uncle is said to have been a brave but reckless man. He and his friends were set upon by assassins sent by Pors Malys, and all save one was killed. That one died shortly after making his way to Barrier Keep. The Wardens of the keep spent just enough time talking with him to learn of the attack and who was behind it.
“I am sure Pors Malys had intended for none of the men to survive. It is said that he later had the assassins executed for their failure, for it resulted in war and rebellion. My father, his younger brother, and Sir Nathan Kernin, his closest and childhood friend, led the people in that rebellion. It was during that campaign that my father met a simple barmaid and the result was my birth at a later birth. My father had moved on in the campaign against Pors Malys, and could not have known of my mother’s pregnancy. Later, she died giving birth to me.”
“Unfortunately, my father was also newly wed to someone else…Lady Tiffany of the Isle of Flowers. I had been conceived out of wedlock, as a result of my father’s unfaithfulness to his wife while on campaign. In Jennai, all baseborn children are named either Talon or Tala, marking us as children whose births are the result of indiscretions committed by our fathers. Many baseborn children are born as a result of war campaigns. Soldiers are notorious for committing adultery it seems. Such children that result have no rights to inherit from our fathers. We cannot enlist as soldiers in any army and we cannot attain notable rank. If we desire to fight for the kingdom, we must do so as mercenaries, with no opportunities for advancement.”
Jason Branton considered this. While his faith also frowned upon adultery, it did not discriminate against illegitimate children…at least not in the modern era.
Talon went on. “Most baseborn children spend their lives as orphans, sometimes on the streets or sometimes in orphanages, and grow into poverty-stricken adults. Some few get lucky enough to get work serving as house or grounds staff, or as traders. Others become mercenaries and sometimes die in battle or save earnings to retire late in life. Some become thieves. Still others join the Barrier Wardens, and gain a family there, of sorts. In my case, I was better off. My father felt a level of responsibility in raising me, especially since my mother had died during childbirth. He raised me well, saw that I was educated and trained to fight. He taught me to care for others, but to also fight to win.
“But, as I reached adulthood, the time came when I knew I had to get out from under my father’s wing and make my own way in the world. My father did not want me to go at first, but he soon realized I would go with or without his blessings…so he gave them.”
“And that is how you came to be here in the village of Nu Pike?” Jason asked curiously.
“Eventually,” Talon remarked with a shrug. “Long after serving as a mercenary in several battles, I was awarded my small patch of land by a gracious king whose family I had saved from death. Those are stories for other times, I suppose. In short, I have seen much pain and suffering…too much to be convinced the gods care for me or anyone else. Although, there have been times when they have intervened; when the outcomes served them best.
“We mercenaries are a brotherhood. However, enlisted soldiers and commanders frown upon us, mock us, and curse us. Mercenaries are the first to be sent into battle, and therefore the first to die. We are expendable, but we are well paid. I have lost many friends though, and earned many scars both physically and in my spirit.”
Branton sighed and shook his head. “No man…or woman or child for that matter…should be made to suffer because of the circumstances of their birth,” he remarked. “But I have to admit, even where I am from, such has been the case…though not to the extreme that it seems to be in Jennai.” He paused, thoughtful. “I am sorry that people such as yourself are treated so badly, in your world or mine.”
Talon shrugged. “Such is life, I suppose,” he remarked thoughtfully. After a moment, he sighed and said, “We both should prepare and get some rest. It will be a long day of riding tomorrow.”
Jason Branton stood and said, “I’ll need to bring the yellow box and the armor with us. I have so little left to me, I really don’t want to leave what I have behind.”
Talon nodded. “If you insist,” he replied. “Since we do not know what the future holds for you, it is possible you will not return to Nu Pike…especially if you find your way back to your world. We will manage to fasten the strange looking box on a mule.”
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Somewhere in the Barrier Mountains thousands of Skarns gathered in well hidden caves. Some slept. Some sharpened the blades of their battle axes. Others drew lots and gambled away what small amounts of steel coin they had. But most of all they waited in the knowledge that soon they would be in battle. Soon they would taste the blood of their sworn enemies. They relished the thought that they would emerge from battle victorious, for they had the blessings of a god driving them. 
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Set apart from the world of Saran, within the realm of the gods, Ares, the god of war, smiled as he watched-over his savage army.
Chapter Twenty-Three | The Journey
The following morning was overcast. Talon woke up early and started readying the horses. The plan was to load the animals and go into the village to get Jason Branton and then set out on their journey.
But when he arrived in Nu Pike, he found the entire village gathered around the well in the center of the community. Curious, he dismounted and gently pushed his way through the crowd. He noticed as he did so that everyone was barefoot. It wasn’t uncommon in warmer weather, but the recent chilly air had returned with the new day. When he finally reached the well he saw Jason Branton with a stack of cloths and a bucket of cold water. As Talon watched, a villager stepped forward and stuck a foot out. Branton proceeded to wash the foot and dry it. He repeated the action with the man’s other foot. 
As Talon stood watching he was momentarily speechless. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen someone washing feet. Nobles had servants that did it all the time as needed. But such a duty was considered the lowest duty to perform. No one liked doing it. No one volunteered to do it. And Talon understood the reasons. He’d seen some men and women with horrendous feet in his day.
He realized Branton was praying as he washed each foot, though the words themselves were not audible.
As the man thanked him and stepped away, Jason looked up and spotted Talon. He smiled and said, “Care to have your feet washed?”
Talon shook his head. “No one is touching my feet, Jason Branton,” he replied. “Are you prepared to leave?”
“After I finish washing everyone’s feet,” Jason said. “And say my goodbyes.”
Talon rolled his eyes and turned away, fuming. How could Jason Branton cause such a delay? Did he not understand how badly they needed to leave? Did he not comprehend the danger if they tarried? Considering how badly the man needed answers, he certainly did let his faith get in the way of going after them!
He decided to feed and water the horses while he waited. It would save time once they set out. Finally, nearly an hour later, he saw Branton working his way to him. Unfortunately, each time he moved, a different villager approached him, asking for prayer. Talon had to take a deep breath each time Branton was interrupted. He watched as Jason was assaulted by question after question about his God. Eventually, the man just decided to address the village as a whole. He told them many things about his God Jehovah. He explained the basics of prayer, praise and worship. All the while, Talon kept looking up at the sky to judge the passage of time.
Talon had always considered himself a patient man. As a warrior, impatience could get a man killed. But he was being sorely tested and he struggled to control his growing frustration. The people of Nu Pike were fascinated by Branton’s god. Apparently the reality of Leihla being healed had sunk in.
Talon was happy for the old woman, but he wasn’t about to put his faith in any god. So far as he was concerned, all gods were nothing but powerful beings who claimed that power made them better than everyone else. They cared little for the mortal men and women who called out to them for help each day.
Finally, during the noon hour, Jason finished, apologized and they set out. At last, they were two men on horseback with three mules trailing behind them and with Reaper and Sheba running ahead enthusiastically. Strapped to each side of one mule was the yellow storage container. Jason had stored the armor in the container. It bounced slightly with each step the mule took, but the straps holding it in place did their job.
The villagers watched as the two men rode away from the village of Nu Pike, heading northeast. Many of them saddened at the thought of the stranger leaving their midst, perhaps forever. Leihla watched from the newly built front porch of her cabin, a tear rolling down her cheek. Jason Branton had built the porch for her in a day, with the help of several villagers. She said an unfamiliar makeshift prayer to this new god that Jason Branton had introduced her to, asking that he watch over the two men.
With Talon leading the way, the two men soon left the village well behind. The wolves disappeared in the distance, presumably to hunt their early afternoon meal. The air was cool even though morning was drawing to an end and they both wore cloaks to ward off the chilling breeze. The sun tried to force its light through the heavy gray cloud covering in the sky above as their horses moved at a steady, leisurely pace.
Talon was surprised at Branton’s adeptness at riding a horse. The man explained he’d spent time in a place called Honduras ministering his faith to villages deep within the mountains, and it had taken days to travel there by horseback. He told Talon that he also visited something called a horse ranch whenever he returned to the town of his childhood because he enjoyed riding. Throughout the day, they took the time to stop and rest and eat small meals. Talon said there was no point in wearing out their horses. They had time, for the journey would take a number of weeks. He made sure they kept the horses fresh and watered. Besides, he knew they would never travel as far as he’d hoped that first day, not after all the delays in setting out.
For his part, Jason decided to make the best of the trip. He was finally doing something about his situation and he had to admit, the scenery was fantastic to behold. The leaves were turning brown as though it were fall, and even though Talon insisted it was unusual for the time of year, it was a breathtakingly beautiful vision of God’s creative prowess. The day was cool, perfect for riding. They passed any number of farms and travellers along the way. In one such instance, an entire family was travelling south by wagon. Talon took a few minutes to greet them and talk with them because he seemed to recognize the parents. Jason smiled and played with several of their children as the other adults talked. When they had resumed their journey, Talon seemed quiet and thoughtful. Branton asked him if anything was wrong.
“That family had lived for a time in the Whispering Peaks and the husband had worked in the iron mine that provided the kingdom with the ore needed for weapons, tools and such. He told me that all of the workers of the mine were sent away to find work elsewhere and were replaced. The family had first made their way to Selman Ri, hoping to find work. They found none, so now they move further west and south, hoping to find something,” Talon answered. “I gave them some coin to help them on their way, but what concerns me most is the mine. My father is responsible for it. He would not do this to the workers. Perhaps we should alter our direction slightly and take the time to have a look.”
“How far out of our way will it take us?” Branton asked, anxious to find answers to his presence in Jennai.
“Not very,” Talon responded. “There are three routes we can take through the woodlands to get to Ephrath. One route will take us very near the mine. It will delay us no more than a few days at most.”
Branton nodded. “Not that I have much choice in the matter, but if you are concerned, then we should have a look.”
Onward they travelled throughout the day, and it seemed at times to Jason that the sun would never set. After nearly a full day of riding, even the scenery could not ease the pain in his backside resulting from so long a time bouncing in a saddle. Eventually, they entered the southeastern fringes of the forest Talon called the Whispering Pines. Eventually the westward sky started to darken, and Jason guessed that the sun would soon be setting. Talon confirmed this by stating they should find a place to camp for the night. It wasn’t hard. Along the road they travelled were several generic campsites, prepared and maintained by travellers throughout the years. Some even had stone walls built waist high around them to act as wind shelters set off well away from the road.
Talon chose one such site that was suitable to their needs and they unloaded the mules and unsaddled the horses. As they did so, Talon spoke on how a man in Jennai should always give priority to the care of his horse. If a horse became injured or exhausted, a man could find himself in a sad state of affairs if his steed was needed to stay alive. To this end, he instructed Talon on how to brush down the horses and put blankets on them for warmth during cold nights. Jason knew some of it, but let Talon show him anyway, sensing that Talon needed to do so. They fed them and then started a small fire in the center of the camp they had chosen using wood from a pile already well stocked. The short stone walls reflected the heat well, thankfully. The night grew colder and colder, and both men wished they had more blankets. If not for the stone walls, it would have been a truly miserable night for them. The cold didn’t seem to bother the snow wolves Reaper and Sheba, who had reappeared as the two men set up camp. Talon told him that the two wolves were never very far away, but preferred to run free in the surrounding countryside whenever they had the opportunity.
The trees were thinly strewn across the landscape, but there were more of them in some areas. Branton took the time to stare off to the west and saw mountains in the distance, and thick forest before them. The scenery was breathtaking.

Chapter Twenty-Four | Campfire Tales
Talon sat facing west on a log across the fire from Jason Branton and watched the light of day retreating in the distance, chased away by the darkness coming from the east. Reaper and Sheba lay near the fire enjoying the warmth it provided, even though they were well suited for weather much colder than it was already. The sun was hidden behind the dense clouds of an early winter as it sank behind Whispering Peaks several leagues away. The air had steadily grown cooler throughout the day instead of warming after morning had passed. It was unusually cool for the time of year, and the evening promised to be colder yet. The clouds that were spread across the darkening skyline looked as though they were heavy with moisture and Talon could make out their shadows drifting over the distant mountains and trees to the west. He considered what this would mean for their journey for several long minutes, than lowered his eyes look at Jason Branton. The fire popped and he watched the man as he casually brushed a glowing amber that drifted a little too close, then returned to reading the black leather bound book he had retrieved from the strange looking yellow box.
Jason Branton seemed at least fifteen to twenty years older than Talon, and therefore his elder. He had dressed strangely for the journey. He wore blue pants of a material Talon had not seen before that Branton called denim. At least they seemed well suited to travel, although they did seem a bit tight fitting for Talons’ tastes. Beneath the man’s cloak, Talon saw a shirt of some sort stretched over his chest. The shirt had no buttons to hold it on and was made of very thinly woven cotton that also stretched a bit to tightly. A strange sight indeed, thought Talon.
A cool breeze brought a slight but sudden chill and Talon once again shifted his thoughts back to the odd weather northern Jennai had been experiencing of late. A strange quiet filled the air about them as darkness began to settle in the camp and cooler air moved in from the north. It was a quiet that seemed altogether unnatural, as though sent as punishment by Zeus and his brood to punish the people of Jennai for some selfish reason. Perhaps they were. Certainly, if they had seen the affect Jason Branton had on the people of Nu Pike, they could not be happy. The mysterious man had cost them nearly an entire village of dedicated worshipers. Would they react badly to this? The gods had been known in the past to visit their wrath upon mere humans. Neptune and his storms had sunk many a ship in both the Savage and Tranquil Seas. Ares looked for any excuse to start a war, which is why the Skarns of the north preferred to follow him. Even Hercules had spent time in the mortal realm, or so the stories told.
But this odd twist in the weather seemed out of place. It was just past midsummer and although the cool weather was a pleasant break from the heat that usually existed this time of year while travelling in the day, the recent falling of temperatures concerned him. The winters in northern Jennai were harsh ones, and it was far too early for farmer’s crops to be harvested. If winter did rear its ugly head so soon, starvation would be a strong concern among the people of Jennai. Even the wildlife would suffer greatly.
Across the fire, Jason Branton set his book on the log beside him and then stood and stretched tired and sore muscles, looking thoughtful as he did so. He absently rubbed his backside. The cool wind blew through the trees and across their small encampment. Branton shivered and rubbed his arms to warm them, then looked at Talon.
“Is it always this chilly when you travel?” He asked.
“No,” Talon answered as he shook his head. He waved his hand at the surrounding trees. “Normally, the forest is still lush and green, but the leaves have already begun turning brown and falling to the ground as though it were well past harvest month. It is midsummer, yet when I look to the skies, I see birds flying south as though winter approaches. Even the wildlife and game move south to some degree. It is very strange indeed for this time of year.”
Branton thought silently for several moments, and then replied, “The cloak you gave me helped a lot today, but will it be enough if it grows colder? Could it rain or snow?” The thought of being caught in a downpour in this chilly weather was not a pleasant one.
The fire popped and crackled between them as Talon considered. “Perhaps,” he said. “It may be wise to seek out heavier garb before we travel much further. Once we fully pass through the Whispering Pines into the peaks, there will be no more villages other than a leper colony, which we will avoid. There is a village named Selman Ri along the road we must travel. We will see if we can purchase the clothing and supplies we need there. Food may become a concern as well, and there is a friend there who runs one of the local inns. A bed and a good meal await us there.”
“You said we will pass near a leper colony?” Jason asked.
Talon nodded. “Don’t worry, Jason Branton,” he said. “We’ll move around it at a safe distance so as not to become infected with the disease.” He paused, and then continued. “It is an unfortunate place. The people there were once a proud, friendly people. They rejected the will of the gods, but were a peaceful lot. One day, a member of the colony fell ill, followed by another and another until the entire colony was infected. There is no cure, so my father has supplies delivered to the outskirts of the colony regularly to meet the needs of the sick as best he can. The people of Selman Ri deliver the supplies, and in return, their village is rewarded for their trouble.”
He sighed regretfully. “I am sure such supplies are little comfort to those in the village, but it is all that can be done. If the sickness were to spread, things would be much worse.” He sighed. “It is yet another example of the selfishness of the gods of Saran.”
Jason Branton remained silent for several long minutes, considering the sadness of such a colony. He felt a familiar tugging of the Spirit rising within him.
 “How close will we actually come to the colony, Talon?” He asked.
Talon frowned and said, “Very close, however we will not pass close enough to risk infection, so long as the infected remain within the colony.”
The two men moved on to the subject of Jennai and its history, then eventually went to lie under their blankets for the night. The evening was a very cool one, but sleep eventually came to them.

Chapter Twenty-Five | Apples & Arrows
Talon reached into the small sack and pulled out an apple, then handed the piece of fruit to Jason Branton. “Throw the apple,” he urged. He raised his bow and knocked an arrow. “Throw it high and far.”
Branton leaned his own bow against a large stone on the ground, turned and flung the apple as hard and fast as he could. Upward and away it soared, resisting the biting winds of yet another cool and cloudy day.  A yard long staff of wood fletched with black feathers shot after it once it had reached its highest point and begun to descend. Jason saw the arrow catch the apple and could barely hear the sound it made with the impact because of the wintery gusts that blew through the outer fringes of the Whispering Pines.
Jason whistled, impressed by the show of marksmanship.
Talon shrugged. “Apples do not shoot back,” he remarked with a grin. “However, they do fill a stomach. My father taught me to shoot using apples because I liked eating them some much.” He gestured to Jason’s bow. “When travelling in Jennai, that bow will help keep you fed, so long as there is game to be had. Pick it up and knock an arrow.”
As Jason did so, Talon looked around and located a target. He nodded. “Draw the string and release the arrow at that tree. Let us see how well you shoot.”
Jason raised the bow and aimed, straining to pull back the tight string. He took a deep breath and as he let it out he released the arrow. The string sent the arrow outward toward the tree, stinging his forearm as it snapped forward. Jason watched the arrow sail past the trunk of the tree that couldn’t have been more than twenty-five yards away. He lowered the bow as he rubbed the soreness from his forearm. “Not exactly the best shot,” he replied with a frown.
“No,” said Talon. “But not unexpected either. It takes time to master the bow, and you are only just beginning. We will work on your skills before sunset each day we travel. Perhaps one day soon, you will provide meat for our evening meal.”
So, as the sun drifted toward the western horizon, sinking behind the Whispering Peaks, Talon worked with Jason. He showed him the proper way to hold the bow, to draw and release the string. Then he showed him how to aim and shoot. By the time evening had come, Jason Branton’s shoulders were sore, but he was proud to say he had finally sunk an arrow into the trunk of the tree.
Chapter Twenty-Six | The Visitor
The handsome stranger arrived in Nu Pike that same week. No one knew from where he came, or why he had chosen to visit their friendly little village. The people of Nu Pike sensed an unknown quality about the man. Perhaps that quality was one of power. The women of the village noticed at once the stranger’s roguish good looks and friendly smile. The men took notice of him, but quickly went about their daily work, more concerned with completing the labors of the day so that their evening would be free.
The stranger knew upon arrival that something had happened in this quaint village that had changed its people dramatically. As he walked about the village, talking and listening, he noticed that everyone wore smiles and seemed excessively happy. When he broached the subject, the people just grinned and told him to visit the old woman Leihla if he wished answers.
And so he found himself standing on the newly built porch of the worn cabin of this woman, hoping to get to the bottom of the mystery.
Hearing him knock, the woman opened the door, and upon seeing him, smiled as wide as her fellow villagers. It sickened the man immensely but he did not allow such to show outwardly. His goal was to gather information. He talked with the woman for hours, listening to her tale of the man who washed up on the shores of the Tranquil Sea near Nu Pike, and how he had shared his faith. She told him of the hump that was once on her back, and how she suffered in pain until the man prayed for her healing…and his god did so.
And then she showed him the very room that stranger had slept in, and spoke of how his prayers had affected the entire village. And how, as he was leaving, the entire village gathered around him for several hours, seeking to acquire the same faith.
All the while old woman Leihla was speaking, the visitor kept his emotions and thoughts well hidden. Even as anger raised within him…such anger…he kept it in check. It was not his duty to exercise judgment upon the people of Nu Pike. His mission was to observe, learn and report back to his father.
It was nearing dark when he finished speaking with the old woman, and as he left her cabin, he walked to the center of the village one last time. After drinking from the well for a few minutes and thinking over what he had learned so far, he became aware that the people of Nu Pike were gathering in the village temple. He waited until they had all entered the wood building, and then quietly entered the temple and stood in the back. He was aghast at what he witnessed. The people of Nu Pike were worshiping one god, and he was not one of the gods of Saran. The people of Nu Pike had become pagans. Worse yet, he recognized the god they swore fealty to.
Shortly after, the man left the church and began his walk to the outer edges of the village. He thought about the reaction he would get when he returned to his father with news of this tiny village. The stranger Jason Branton walked with power, and that power could well pose a threat to everything the gods had built in the realm of Saran. He thought perhaps he should see this stranger for himself, up close.
He shrugged and as he faded into the darkness of the night, Hermes knew that war was coming to the gods of Saran.
Chapter Twenty-Seven | The Past & The Present
Strangely, Jason Branton was at peace as he lay on the grass under his blankets and stared at the stars through the trees. 
As Talon slept soundly nearby, Jason considered again his surprising arrival in the land of Jennai. For weeks now he had been brooding over his situation, focusing on the unfairness of it all. That had all changed the night he had prayed on his knees back at Leihla’s cabin. Since then, the level of his tranquility had been nothing short of incredible. He should have carried his prayers to God from the start.
As a missionary in recent years he had given so much of himself over to the goal of spreading the Word and telling of God’s Grace. Prayer had become a powerful part of his life, yet for weeks after washing up on the coastal shore of Jennai, he had been so focused on his problems that he had lost sight of the solution. Now all those troubles were cast aside and he found himself more in tune with the leadings of the Holy Spirit. He felt the call to minister in a powerful way, but he also felt sure the Lord would lead him into the proper moments to do so. It took him several hours to fall asleep as he watched the stars and thought about such things, but the next morning he awoke fully refreshed and ready to travel again.
The morning was even cooler than the day before. Maybe it was because sleeping on the hard, cold ground had chilled them to the bones throughout the night, but as Branton ate some bread and cheese by the fire, he could not seem to stop shivering. Reaper and Sheba ran about as though they were born to the cold…mostly because they were, but he couldn’t help but think that if this were midsummer in Jennai he would hate to see winter, and he said as much to Talon.
“Further south, the winters are easier on a man…but here in Northern Jennai, in Ephrath, our winters are the harshest of all. Especially the long winters,” explained Talon.
“Long winters?” Jason asked, curious.
“Aye,” said Talon. “Not very often, a winter comes that lasts much longer than the norm. The long winters have been known to last several years.”
“Sweet Lord,” Jason gasped as a sudden chill racked his sides. “Jennai had a winter that lasted years?!”
Talon nodded. “It is rare…it has only happened once in the past fifty years,” he said. “It was before my time, however. Of those who survived it, many were scarred for life. The Barrier Wardens stationed in our northern most reaches suffered the worst. It took years for the wardens to rebuild their forces…or so I’ve been told.”
Jason Branton shook his head, blowing out through pursed lips. His warm breath turned heavy with frost almost instantly. “What are these Barrier Wardens?” He asked.
“They patrol the border between upper Ephrath and the Barrier Mountains. Beyond those mountains dwell the Skarns, a savage race of warriors and conquerors called the Skarns. They are a constant threat to Jennai and all who live here, so the wardens patrol the Barrier Mountains as our first line of defense should the Skarns decide to attack,” Talon explained.
“And have they ever attacked?” Jason asked.
Talon nodded his head. “They have, but only in small hunting parties usually. They sometimes raid small villages to loot and take the women. The Wardens have always overcome their threat. Once, nearly three hundred years ago, they attack as a united force. They were repelled. That is when the Barrier Wardens were formed.” 
“Life in the wardens is not an easy life. When one joins, it is a powerful commitment, and it is a dangerous career choice. Skarns are not the only threat from the Barrier Mountains,” Talon explained. “There are strange beasts that dwell there, and then, of course, there are the wood clans.”
“Wood clans?” Jason enquired.
“They are a mysterious people that make their homes in the forests of the Barrier Mountains and along its peaks. They mostly keep to themselves. No one knows why they have chosen to live in the ravaging cold and hostility of the Barrier Mountains. They have never shown aggression toward the people of Jennai. Most people of Jennai consider them a myth. It is said that they float on the cold breezes that range the mountains. My father swears they exist, as do the wardens, who claim to have actually seen them briefly while on patrol. How they survive the winters up there is beyond me.”
“Interesting,” Jason Branton replied, and then shrugged. “A people with their own culture. A world within a world…within a world…the irony of my situation never ends it seems.” He laughed.
Talon smiled sympathetically. He stood at last and then said, “We should break camp. Tomorrow we should reach Selman Ri. Warm beds await us there, for at least tomorrow night.”
After the two of them stowed the supplies and bows, both donned their heavier cloaks because it was growing chiller as the morning grew later. They finally climbed their horses and set out. As they made their way westward, both were silent and so Jason Branton considered Talon and the type of man he was. Clearly the Talon was a young but seasoned veteran soldier. He was not a man who took his actions lightly. If he did anything at all, Jason suspected it would only be because he chose to do so, and not because someone might have commanded him to. As a mercenary, he owed no allegiance to anyone other than himself and his family, and perhaps the high king. He avoided the topic of his father, mentioning him only in passing, but Jason somehow sensed that there was a strong bond there even though the two of them had not seen each other in years. Talon was an independent sort, as evidenced by his choice to live in a cabin outside a village instead of within its limits.
But Jason Branton also sensed Talon was a noble man, committed to the kingdom he called home. He could have used the gold and steel that his father had provided him to only provide for himself, but instead he used it to help others unselfishly.
Jason was curious to learn the reason behind Talons compassion toward the people of Ephrath. The young man did not even seem aware of his devotion. To him, he only did what came naturally. But Jason somehow sensed there was some underlying reason for it. There was a deep commitment to those around him. His father had raised him well, thought Jason.
And yet, Talon was a soldier…a man-of-war…a sword-for-hire. Jason guessed Talon was a very skilled soldier compared to those around him. He had that look about him. He was certainly skilled with a bow.
Jason himself had served for two tours in the United States Army in Iraq as an army engineer. After that, he had dedicated his life to serving his faith. It was in the blood. His parents had been missionaries and he could still remember travelling to parts of Africa, Honduras and other interesting places. As a boy, it was like living an adventure. But he lacked personal discipline, and that was what he truly took away from his time in the United States Army.
It was amazing how his service to God had changed him. Upon reaching the tender age of eighteen, and after completing homeschool, he had strayed from the things his parents had taught him as a boy. He sowed his wild oats by hanging out with the wrong crowd, drinking and forgetting his vow to abstain from sex until marriage. He had run wild in those days, and he had enjoyed it. His parents were disappointed. They had raised him properly, but as was common amongst children raised by parents in ministry, he had grown to hate the pressure of not being himself and pretending to be a perfectly behaved young man so as not to embarrass his parents.
Looking back, he realized he had been the one to put all that pressure on himself. His parents had always loved him as he was. They held firm in the scripture that stated that if you raised a child in the ways of the Lord, he will not depart from it.
And that’s why he knew he had broken their hearts when he rebelled against everything they had taught him. For two years, until he was just past his twentieth birthday, he had set all those lessons aside to selfishly serve his flesh and corrupted desires. 
And then the unthinkable happened. His parents, while reaching out to the United States military in Iraq, had been killed by a roadside bomb. Everything changed for him then, and not for the better. He was filled with disgust. He blamed himself for breaking their hearts, he blamed God for taking his parents away when they had been so faithful, and most of all, he blamed the insurgents that had been responsible for that roadside bomb. He was filled with rage, and he was desperate to direct it at someone or something.
So he joined the United States Army, completed basic training and requested assignment in Iraq. His anger made him reckless. As an engineer, he was kept mostly from the action, but there were times he had opportunities by going into dangerous areas to work. He was not prepared for the death toll on the innocent. Women, children and Iraqi men who were just trying to survive were killed almost daily. The insurgents didn’t care who got hurt so long as they caused damage, and those fighting them were forced to accept civilian losses as collateral damage in many cases. By the end of his second tour, he had seen enough death to last him a lifetime. His desire for revenge had faded, and he was left only with regrets. He felt drained of life and he started thinking again of his faith and his parent’s wishes for him.
So, he decided not to “re-up” in the service and went to finish school instead. He improved his Associates Degree by getting Master’s Degrees in Mechanical & Transportation Engineering. It had taken him four additional years to do so, but after getting his degrees he finally decided to become a missionary, using his skills to help and minister to those in need throughout the world. And he had finally found his calling. That was seventeen years past.
The military man he had once been was a distant buried memory. He had never been a true soldier, though he had witnessed battles in Iraq. The people that knew him now would find it hard to imagine him as anything close to a soldier…and he preferred it that way.
Looking at Talon once more, he found it hard to get a good read on the young man. The culture in Jennai seemed a simple one at times, but men like Talon were more complex. There was pain in him…pain and anger. But there was also compassion in this soldier, as evidenced by his treatment and care for the people of Nu Pike.
Jason silently shook his head. He still found it incredible that Jennai…that the entire world of Saran even existed. It was like something out of a movie or novel, and he always felt like some director was about to yell “Cut!” and he would find himself back on his boat in the Bermuda Triangle.
But Saran was real. The people of Jennai were real. He found himself wondering what else in this world was real. The people worshiped mythological Greek gods. What if here, those gods actually existed in some form? Even the Word spoke of other, lesser or false gods that competed over the Jehovah’s children. On earth, they were powerless because of the presence of the one true God. They would have feared him. Were these those same gods? If so, what about the other gods that had once existed in his own world? Where all of them here, treating this world like it was their property? Clearly, until Jason’s arrival on the shores of Jennai, its people had never heard of Jehovah God, Jesus Christ or the Holy Spirit. Were all of the people of Saran bereft of the knowledge that a true and caring God existed, one that was above and beyond any this world currently called gods?
Yet, how was this so? Hundreds, if not thousands of people had disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle. Had they also turned up in this lost world? If so, he found it hard to believe no one had spoken of Jehovah, or at least of the world they had come from. Yet no one seemed to know of anyone that had arrived from Earth.
So many questions, so few answers, he thought to himself.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The creature moved silently through the woods of the Whispering Pines, intent on reaching its destination under the cover of darkness and while its prey was still asleep and unsuspecting. Its yellow bulging eyes glowed dim yellow, and its thin scaly black limbs glistened in the darkness. It lurched as it moved, but there was purpose and method to the way it made its way through the trees, and it moved more quickly than it would seem capable of doing. It finally spotted the glow of the small fire surrounded by low stone walls further along and off to the opposite side of the dirt and grass covered road. It had found them.
Chapter Twenty-Eight | The confrontation
The creature moved silently through the woods of the Whispering Pines, intent on reaching its destination under the cover of darkness and while its prey was still asleep and unsuspecting. Its yellow bulging eyes glowed dim yellow, and its thin scaly black limbs glistened in the darkness. It lurched as it moved, but there was purpose and method to the way it made its way through the trees, and it moved more quickly than it would seem capable of doing. It finally spotted the glow of the small fire surrounded by low stone walls further along and off to the opposite side of the dirt and grass covered road. It had found them.
Its master would be pleased. The creature shuddered in exuberant anticipation of the reward it would receive once its mission was complete. Its master had sent another of its kind that had not yet returned, but the one it served was impatient and so he sent the creature with explicit instructions to kill.
Under the cover of the inky dark night, it moved cautiously closer. All was quiet as it should be. It paused in its movements to look around, suddenly weary of some sort of trap. Cringing in its natural way, it peered through the trees and in both directions that the nearby road took, only to see nothing of interest. It looked toward the stream that was not far away from the sleeping travellers, and into the trees beyond, still seeing nothing that hinted that a threat lurked nearby.
It shrugged in indifference and started moving toward the camp once more, lurching left and right and forward. It knew there was little that could harm it in this world its master had helped to create. The humans could not know the weaknesses of the creature and its elk. It moved slowly but steadily, not pausing now once it felt secure and undetected. Just ahead, the makeshift camp loomed, the fire glowing dimly, almost burned out, but casting a slight yellow hue upon the short stone wall and the two humans fast asleep under their blankets.
The existence of creatures such as he were a myth to the mortals of this realm, a myth buried deeply within the tides of history and rarely spoken of in recent times. When his kind and their masters first arrived, all had worn the forms The Cursed One had placed upon them. The masters soon adapted and changed their appearance, leaving the creature and his kind to the form they had now become accustomed to.
The creature approached to within a few feet of the stone wall surrounding the camp, finally reached the wall itself and peered over, gazing at the two men who would soon awaken to the nightmare of its presence. It would overwhelm them with fear and horror and self-doubt, and then it rend them limb from limb and kill them. Although its master cared only for the end result, the creature so enjoyed manipulating the mortals. It looked at one, and then the other, licking its hideously scarred lips as it anticipated the joy of killing these two men. Its eyes then shifted to the flames in the center of the camp, burning ever lower, but still burning regardless. It lost itself in those flames for just a few moments, enjoying the glow of the coals. The heat and flame was a familiar thing to it, and it enjoyed the caress that they offered.
 After several moments of staring into the flames, the creature’s eyes lifted and it stiffened in surprise. Straight across from it on the opposite side of the camp a tall and powerful looking angel dressed in white garments stood staring at it. The angel grinned as it lifted a shining blade and pointed it at the creature, who staggered backward in shock. It hissed at the angel and turned its head left and right, weary that other angels were about. There were no others visible, but the creature knew that one was enough to do it harm. It had not seen an angel in a very long time. They were not known to have a presence in the realm the creatures masters had created. They were not welcomed here. The creature knew the masters would want to hear of this. But first he had to escape this one or be sent into oblivion.
So it fled. It fled toward the stream, hoping to lose the angel in the woods beyond. The angel soared into the air and chased after it with incredible speed, a streak of pure white light trailing after it. The creature was already entering a full blown panic, making whimpering sounds, desperate to escape. The angel was fast. He was faster than the creature and quickly closed the distance. The creature dodged left and right as it fled, lurching with a speed no mortal man would expect of it. The creature dashed about like a bug, and it truth, it was very much like a bug in appearance. It was shiny black and its yellow bulging eyes were wide with fear as it fled. It had wings but could not fly…a result of the curse placed upon his kind so long ago. Still, the black, bat-like wings helped to propel it along, allowing it to move more quickly. It wailed, giving a long, eerie shriek that echoed through the area, yet the two men remained soundly asleep within the camp, oblivious to the noise of the chase that raged nearby.
The creature jetted across the stream and into the trees beyond, its passage spraying cool water into the air behind it. It felt secure it would escape now. Surely the angel would not catch it now, now that the creature could zigzag through the trees and lose the majestic enemy.
But the angel also raced into the trees a few moments behind it, giving no quarter to the creature, showing it no mercy. Both of the figures disappeared into the tree line as the creature fled more deeply into the forest in an effort to escape its pursuer.
 
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

At the camp, the fire finally burned out. The heat had penetrated deep into the stone wall, preserving it for a time. The man known as Jason Branton began to stir in his sleep. Perhaps some inner part of his consciousness sensed the nearby happenings, or perhaps the sound of the fleeing creature penetrated his sleep. He stirred, but he did not awaken.
In the wood across the stream, too deep to be seen from the camp even if Jason Branton had been awake, a sudden flash of light blinked and burned like a fireball through the forest. The creature’s cries and screams rung out, and more of the lights appeared, sudden and violent. It clawed its way through the trees desperately and was now in a blind panic. In its present form, it could not flee fast enough. It somehow managed to duck and dodge the angel’s sword as it lashed out at him. The blade flashed as it hit a tree, then again as it clipped one of the creatures wings. Its spidery arms pulled and pushed at tree limbs and branches as it lurched along with staggering speed, but the angel remained close behind it, a constant threat. It was directly behind it, silently giving chase, so close and so dangerous. It glowed with a heavenly power so bright it seemed to explode like the sun itself, a brilliant comet with wings leaving a trail of burning light in its wake. The creature burst into a small clearing with the angel following close behind, a grim bringer of death. It could feel the heat of the angel’s blade at its heels.
The creature spit back at the angel, “You cannot be here!”
The angel remained silent, its wings carrying it gracefully but with purpose. Its sword was braced and ready for the killing blow that would soon come. He would not allow this one to escape his wrath.
“The masters will be displeased!” The creature shouted. It lurched leftward, seeking to evade the angel once more. But the majestic guardian adjusted his movements with his wings. The creature knew it would not escape, that it could not avoid combating the angel. It slowed and turned around quickly, a black, barbed blade suddenly appearing in its hands, raised to defend itself. The angel approached the creature and swung its blade and the creature managed to parry it, just barely.
“Please,” the creature begged. “We were brothers once!”
The angel paused briefly in its attack. “What is your name, demon?” he demanded. “Your old name?”
The creature swayed back and forth before the angel, its yellow eyes wide with fright, keeping its deadly barbed sword held before it.. “Lutharious,” it hissed.
The angel frowned. “You were once one of the favored, yet you rejected our Lord. You are right, we were brothers once,” the angel remarked. “But no more.”
The creature hissed a venomous curse at the angel. “The Cursed One did not deserve our dedication! He was unworthy!”
The angel shook his head sadly. “I will mourn you, former brother,” he replied, and then brought his sword up once more. “I already do.”
The demon rushed at the angel, swinging its sword wildly, hoping against hope that it would deal a killing blow to the angel before he could destroy it. But the angel easily parried each blow, its sword flashing like lightning.
And suddenly it was over. The angel’s sword pierced the black demon in its chest and exited its spine. The creature screeched a death howl as the power of the sword caused it to burst into flame. Within moments it burned to dust.
The angel stood over the remains of the demon for a minute, watching as a cool wind blew the sulfuric dust and carried it away into the surrounding trees. Satisfied, the angel returned his sword to its scabbard. He started to glow brightly. The glow grew brighter and brighter, reflecting off the leaves of the trees surrounding the clearing. And then it exploded silently in a sudden flash, and when the light finally faded, it had assumed the form of a glowing ball of light hovering above the grass of the clearing. Making no sound at all, it began to move.
Chapter Twenty-Nine | Jason and the Angel
Throughout most of the night, both Jason and Talon had slept well, surprisingly comfortable as their blankets and the fire warmed them against the cold weather. They had made camp about fifty yards from the creek that ran northeast and southwest. The water in the creek was clean and clear. The Whispering Pines were peaceful and quiet as the two men slept. Their sleep was just as peaceful. Talon had fallen asleep quickly after a long day of riding, and Jason soon followed his example. He slept soundly for several hours. Even his dreams were peaceful on this night.
Even so, something caused him to come awake before the light of the sun had begun to crest the horizon. The sky was dark and the stars twinkled the way stars do on clear nights. He lay beneath his blankets staring up at the sky, wondering what had happened to the overcast sky that had hung over them nearly since his arrival in Jennai. He yawned, still tired, but also uneasy for some reason. Neither of the wolves were anywhere to be seen. He assumed they were out stalking some prey to fill their stomachs.
A chill was in the air, and he noticed the fire had gone out as they slept, so he rose and put some wood on the gray ashes, and some bark to rekindle the flame from the still hot remains. As it caught, he looked around. Talon was still sleeping soundly, his snores low and steady. He seemed oblivious to the noise Jason had made while feeding the fire.
Jason did not know what time it was, but the moon had drifted far west and the sky was still dark. He did not even know how long he had slept. The forest around them though was silent and black. He didn’t know why he felt so uneasy, but he did.
He stepped back from the fire and retreated into the darkness just outside the immediate circle of the camp in order to allow his eyes to readjust to the darkness so that he could search the trees surrounding them. He cautiously looked around, taking in the night, trying to find the source of his restlessness. After several minutes he chided himself for having an overactive imagination. He could sense no reason for his anxious feeling. He retrieved his cloak from near his blankets and wrapped it tightly about himself to fight off the chill of the dry night air. The breeze at least was very light, nearly nonexistent. He decided to walk to the banks of the stream fifty yards away and maybe get a sip of fresh cool water.
The stream was only perhaps fifteen or twenty paces wide, and it flowed freely, clear of pollution and debris. He kneeled and cupped his hands to gather a drink in his palms and sipped silently, enjoying the clean and natural taste. The water was less than a foot deep, and wet stones rose above its surface as the water flowed and tinkled around them. It was a very peaceful moment that Jason was thoroughly enjoying. As he rose again to peer into the trees about him, he heard an owl hoot in the distance. He looked upward in time to see a small flock of night birds, perhaps bats, fly overhead just above the tops of the trees, their shadowed movements silent and purposeful.
He lowered his eyes to stare at the dark waters of the stream, watching the liquid flow and reflect the light of the stars. He shifted his attention to the trees beyond the stream, seeking whatever had caused his earlier uneasiness. For several long minutes he let his eyes wonder over the forest across the stream, but found nothing that would cause this anxious feeling. He breathed deeply the cool night air, and exhaled softly. Again he chided himself.
He was turning back toward the still sleeping form of Talon and their campsite when he saw a light appear in the trees across the stream, some distance away. It was faint and it was gone almost instantly. Moments later, it reappeared in the darkness, a little closer, hovering and swinging as though a lantern suspended in midair. It moved silently behind the shadowed trees, disappearing once more.
Jason rubbed the sleepiness from his eyes and blinked. He briefly wondered if his overactive imagination was playing games with his mind, but discounted the notion immediately. Something was out there, but what? And why did he feel so drawn to it?
He stood as silent as possible, watching the shadows of the trees and waiting. Again the light appeared, this time much closer. It glowed a little brighter, its light reflecting on the trunks of the surrounding trees and leaves. It seemed to hover in the air, still some distance away, but not nearly far enough to make Jason feel comfortable. It stayed visible now, and made its way toward him slowly, drifting slightly side-to-side. Jason thought momentarily of retreating, but he sensed no threatening motion about the light. He thought of alerting Talon as well, but discarded that notion as well. The light did not seem dangerous.
It bobbed slightly as it approached the stream, then glided out of the trees and hovered just across from Jason for several long moments. Then it shifted to his left and floated across the water to come to rest only a few feet away from him and he took half a step back wondering if he had misjudged the threat of the ball of light. Its brightness increased substantially, and the contour of the light expanded and reshaped itself before. As Jason stood watching in amazement, it first took on a humanoid shape, and then solidified into the form of a man. The light dimmed and gradually disappeared leaving a tall and powerful looking man with long light-colored hair standing before the stunned Jason Branton. The man wore white garments and had bronze colored skin. 
“Well met, Jason Branton,” the man greeted merrily. “You have done well thus far.”
Jason hesitated. He glanced back toward camp and saw that Talon was still sleeping soundly some fifty yards away. “Who…what are you?” He asked the man.
The man smiled and asked, “Who do you think I am?”
Jason shrugged. “I am a man who finds himself in a world not of my own. At this point in time I would believe anything so long as it does not contradict my faith," He remarked. ”Of course, the very existence of this world goes against everything I know to be true.”
The man-creature gave a low laugh. “I suppose it must appear that way to you,” he commented, then shrugged. “Well, no matter. It is of little consequence. You have nothing to fear from me, devoted one. I serve the same master that you do.”
A memory struck Jason. “Are you Gabe?”
“I am he,” the man replied as he nodded and then smiled. “Or at least that is the name I gave your young friend over there. He was kind enough to carry the armor to you.”
Jason breathed deeply and exhaled. He ran his fingers through his hair as he considered Gabe and the manner in which he appeared to him. Gabe was more than just a man. His arrival showed he was a supernatural creature of some sort. Even his name seemed familiar. Gabe?
“You have indeed been on a strange journey,” Gabe stated. “And it will only get more incredible to you.” Gabe spread his arms to encompass their surroundings. “The Creator knows that this world of Saran is a confusing one. It is indeed a mystery to you. It is a mystery that will be solved during your journey.”
“Are you truly an angel…Gabe?” Jason asked.
“This I am. Do you have any other questions of me? Perhaps I can set your mind at ease with a few answers.” Gabe lowered his arms and waited.
Jason thought about it. He had a lot of questions, but what was the first? “You say your name is Gabe…are you Gabriel the archangel?” He inquired.
Gabe smiled, shaking his head slightly. “My true name is Gabriel, but I am not the archangel. I am simply a messenger and perhaps a guardian when the time is right,” he answered. “And there are others here in Jennai as well, sent to protect you and those who have ears to hear.”
“The armor you’ve given me is incredibly beautiful,” Jason replied. “But I’ve never worn anything like it. My armor is purely spiritual in nature. Why did you send it to me?”
Gabe shrugged and said, “The armor is not for you to wear. It is for you to give to the Twice Born King.”
“Wait,” Jason interrupted. “I have to give it to someone born twice?” He thought for a second. “You mean born of flesh and of the Spirit?”
“Well deduced,” said Gabe. “During your journey, you will meet a king who will be both. This is the man who you will give the armor to. He will battle for his people. But the greater accomplishment will be your fulfilling of the Great Commission throughout Jennai and Saran. To do this, you will need authority, so the Lord will give you this land for a time.”
“I don’t understand,” Jason remarked. “How can I be given this land when it is already taken?”
“That is a mystery that will be revealed to you later,” Gabe returned. “The future you fear is cloudy, but all will stand revealed in time. All will be as it must and you must embrace that future.”
Jason considered. After a moment he commented, “Why me? I’m no leader, Gabe. To tell the truth, I’m a bit over my head.”
“Do you think the Creator does not know what you are capable of?” asked the angel. “You must believe, Jason Branton, as you have chosen to do in the past. This is a world born of corruption. There are those who rule over Saran who claim to be gods, but they have only acquired power because they fled have hidden from his sight…or thought they had. They will attempt to harm you, to use their power against you, but it will avail them not. They will bring armies to destroy you, because you represent a threat to their power. Fear not, for the Lord will give you that which is required to conquer them. And as I’ve said…you are not alone. Though they may not know it yet, the Host is here as well. We will make our presence known soon enough.”
Jason Branton was overwhelmed. How could he hope to fight beings of such power that they were considered gods in their own right? He had so many questions. Was faith truly enough to see him through this?
“Faith is a powerful thing,” Gabe remarked as though reading Jason’s thoughts. “And it will indeed see you through much of your journey. When you are most lost, it will help you find your way. It will garner you with hope, and that hope will help you not only against dangers you see with your eyes, but also against the doubts of your heart.”
Jason nodded in acceptance. “Faith is the substance of things hoped for,” he replied. “But you speak of war. I’ve some training from years ago, but not like these people do battle. How am I to stand before these people and lead them into some battle I don’t have the skills to fight?”
Gabe paused for a moment, cocking his head. He smiled. “You must fight for the God in which you believe, Jason Branton,” he said. “Saran is a world built upon lies and deceptions. Many will resist the truth. But you must be strong as Joshua, as devoted as David. He brought down Goliath with little training at all, as you may recall. You will carry the truth with you. There is no more powerful weapon than truths.”
Jason’s mind was racing, trying to find words for the dozens of questions he should be asking. He was having trouble thinking straight. He was overwhelmed by so much. Gabe watched him with interest, but neglected to speak further, giving Jason time to reason things out.
“How can this world exist?” He finally asked. “God created the heavens and the Earth…but this is a realm separate from both. How can it even be?”
“Saran is a world between Heaven and Earth, a small sliver of reality. There are many such slivers. They each touch the world in mysterious ways. Those who claim to be gods here had no true power on Earth except deception, so they fled in the hopes of creating a world where none would know of their lack of strength and power. They thought they could hide from his gaze. Their deception runs much deeper than that,” explained Gabe. “The people of Saran give them power with their faith. But it is a false power and easily overcome. Be strong in your own faith, Jason Branton. Remain focused on the Father, Son and Holy Spirit that is within you, and all will be as it must. Listen the Spirit as it guides you. You have ears, Jason, so listen.”
Jason nodded. “I will,” he said, and meant it.
“Good,” returned Gabe. He smiled. “Sleep now, Jason Branton. Remember the things I have revealed to you, and let the knowledge guide your path. You will need rest for the journey ahead. You will need strength for what the future holds.”
“Wait!” Jason almost shouted, panicked that he had so few answers and more questions than before. “I need to know more, Gabe! How will I fight the false gods?!”
But the angel was already glowing and changing shape once more. One final word was uttered.
“Truth.”
And then the angel was gone, faded into the shadows of the night. Jason made his way back to the camp in a daze. He wanted to think about what he had just experienced, but he suddenly found that it was hard to keep his eyes open. He was exhausted as he climbed under his blankets and stared upward at the stars above. Within minutes, even though he had resisted with all of his remaining strength, he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, after a very restful night’s sleep, Jason Branton opened his eyes to find an incredible looking sword lying next to him. The sword rested in an ornately carved scabbard, and engraved in Hebrew on both the scabbard and the blade was the word Truth.
I will carry the truth with me, he remembered the angel saying. He grinned.
Talon inquired as to where the blade had come from, but Jason shrugged.  “Gabe,” he told him. “While you were sleeping.”
Talon shook his head as he eyed the sword. He refused to hold it when Jason offered the opportunity, saying that he would have nothing to do with magic. Jason tried to explain magic had nothing to do with the sword or its purpose. Talon wasted no time in getting them moving again.
Overhead, the clouds were quickly gathering once more, and already the temperature was dropping rapidly. It was as though the heavens had given them a reprieve for a night, but now resumed its degradation.
Jason strapped the sword to his back in a manner Talon showed him, and they packed up and started out again, eager to reach Selman Ri and a comfortable bed later in the day.
Talon kept his opinions about the sword to himself…for now.
Chapter Thirty | The Beggar
Most of the people that passed the crippled old man using his tin cup to beg for coin from his position on the ground along the road leading into Selman Ri tried their best to pretend he wasn’t there. The milky color of his eyes made man and woman alike uncomfortable but a few felt pity on him and dropped a coin or two into the cup. He thanked those people politely, and cursed loudly those who chose to ignore his presence. He was a grumpy man, and those that heard his colorful language sometimes blushed at the creative nature of it. He was a man clearly not happy, but who could blame him?
The people of Selman Ri could certainly understand his frustrations. To be blind and crippled had to be a horrible thing.  It was only natural that he be angry at those more fortunate, wasn’t it? But throughout the day, his foul language had gotten worse as more and more people chose to pass him by rather than acknowledge his presence and open their purses. Eventually, most passersby started to give him some coin just so that they would not be embarrassed by his foul curses.
The old man had wrapped himself in several raggedly worn blankets as he sat cross-legged on the cold, hard ground. He smelled as though it had been a month since he had last bathed, and his dirty beard had clumps of mud stuck in it. Several women who passed close to him whispered quietly that the menfolk should drag him to the local pond and dip him in for good measure.
And when Talon dropped a few steel coins into his cup as they entered the village, the blind beggar bobbed his head and gave thanks, suddenly contempt to keep his curses to himself. Jason Branton offered to pray for the crippled man and the beggar promptly refused the offer. Jason shrugged and the two of them moved on into the village, looking forward to a hot meal and a warm bed.. When they were nearly out of sight, the blind and crippled beggar suddenly rose to his feet and tossed aside his blankets. His ragged clothes were hanging loose on him as he silently made his way after the two men, ignoring the surprised stares of those around him. As he continued on his way leaving behind all who were the victims of his curses. His posture straightened and his cloths mended as he remained a safe distance behind Branton and Talon.
It had been easy to assume the role of a beggar and fool the humans. Such was within his power. To deceive people into ignoring what happened in plain sight. The form he chose now was that of a short but burly man with short red hair and stubbles of the same color on his face. His stalky build moved after Talon and Jason Branton, always staying just within sight of the two men, but never getting too close and risking being seen. His mission was to watch and observe, just as he had done in the village of Nu Pike. Hermes was more than a man in Saran or any other world. The humans worshiped him as one of their gods, a being of immense power. But even he answered to the most powerful among his kind…the one who was called Zeus. And the master of the gods of Saran and Olympus had sent him on this mission.
Hermes had been disturbed by what he had witnessed in Nu Pike, so much so that he decided that he would travel to see this stranger from beyond the gateway for himself. He had taken the form of a crippled man knowing he would not attract attention for the wrong reasons. The one called Branton had surprised him by offering to pray for him.
There was no way he could risk it. The man had an aura of power about him even if he himself was not aware of it. Had he prayed over the beggar before him, Hermes was unsure what result to expect. It was possible his true form would have been exposed and that would have been a very bad thing.
Chapter Thirty-One | Selman Ri
Talon and Jason Branton led their horses and mules into Selman Ri, looking forward to a good night’s sleep. Both snow wolves had left them as they neared the village, and Talon explained that they would enjoy the forest until they were ready to rejoin the two men after their journey resumed. As they moved along the dirt road toward the center of the village, Jason took note of its people and the buildings of Selman Ri.
The village was barely small enough to still be called a village. It was on the brink of officially becoming a town because of its growing size in recent years. It had the benefit of being close to the iron mines in the Whispering Peaks mountain range. As a result, the village thrived. Selman Ri had two inns, a gambling house and more. It was easily bigger than Nu Pike, perhaps three times as big. The buildings were built well. Children ran about, playing with their friends. Woman talked beneath the porches of the buildings. The village had a blacksmith, a healer and even a temple.
But Jason also noticed it had other things as well. Families in wagons seemingly with no place to go watched him and Talon as the two men made their way toward the village stables. The women and children in the wagons looked hungry and almost hopeless. The men driving those wagons looked desperate and travel worn. Jason turned toward Talon with a questioning look in his eyes, but the young mercenary seemed just as astounded. Talon shrugged and continued walking the horses toward the center of the village where the stables waited.
Talon was familiar with the layout of Selman Ri, and they found the stables easily. The stable master agreed to store their supplies for a few extra coins, and the two weary men left in search of a good meal and some rest at one of the two local inns.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Neither Talon nor Jason Branton noticed the man following them. He kept hidden in the shadows or amongst the people, not drawing attention to his unearthly presence.
He watched as the two men made their way to the stables and after that, to the Forger’s Inn. He waited a bit, and then also entered the inn to watch and observe.
Chapter Thirty-Two | The Forger’s Inn
“Talon, what foul turn of fate brings you to the Forger’s Inn?”
Talon looked down at the dwarf before him with a grin and answered, “I heard the Ransbury Inn had no more rooms available, Flint, and I decided it was worth a good night’s sleep even if I had to risk eating your food beforehand.”
Flint Beltide feigned a hurt expression. “Ah, Talon,” he replied dryly. “That wench Beatrice will corrupt your soul with lustful temptations of music and gambling. And you know my cooking is the best in these parts!”
“Whatever doesn’t kill me,” Talon said returned. “Will make me stronger, right? I’m just not sure I can survive the experience of consuming that slop you call food.”
Jason Branton watched the exchange with curious smile. Talon was over six feet tall while the man known as Flint Beltide was dwarven in stature. Barely standing three and a half feet tall, the man had a chubby face and a long black beard that reached pass his waist.
“Besides,” Talon said with an exaggerated wink. “Your cooking tends to ‘shorten’ a man’s lifespan.”
Flint Beltide suddenly grinned and said, “I may be a dwarf, but I’m the best blasted cook around!” He glanced toward Jason. “Who is this stranger you bring into my inn, Talon?”
Jason stepped forward and offered his hand. “I’m Jason Branton, sir,” he introduced himself. “And for what it’s worth, Talon has been speaking so highly of your cooking and the beds at the Forger’s Inn that I’ve been salivating at the thought of our arrival.”
Talon sighed and rolled his eyes. Flint turned to him with a huge grin and said, “Ho! So you actually admitted you like my foodstuff, did you, Lonely Knight?”
Talon shook his head toward Jason and replied, “You did not have to tell him I said that, Branton. I’ll never hear the end of it now.”
“Blasted right you won’t, Talon,” said Flint Beltide with a grin. “Tell me, what is your favorite dish of mine? Is it the beef stew? Or is it the steamed onions and rice? I know, it must be the venison with potatoes!”
Talon sighed again. “So are you going to offer us a table, Flint?” He said with a mocked expression of misery. “Or do I have to listen to your infernal bragging until the sun rises in the morn?”
Flint laughed hardily, but led them to a table in the back of the room, near the fireplace. The other occupants of the dining room were watching them move through the room. Some of them wore grins that closely resembled that of Flint’s own smile. Flint sat them at the table and walked off, shaking his head and laughing as he snapped at a barmaid to get drinks for the two men. A minute later, two cups of ale were on the table. Talon drank his down quickly. Jason Branton sat staring at his cup with a frown.
The barmaid was standing at the table, watching Jason, hands on her hips and wearing a questioning look on her face. “Is something wrong, mister?” She asked.
Talon looked at Jason over the rim of his tankard.
Branton frowned up at the barmaid. “I’m sure it’s a fine drink, ma’am,” he said. “But would you have any tea? Water would do if you have no tea.”
Across the table, Talon arched an eyebrow. The barmaid’s expression turned from questioning to angry. “Ma’am?! I am no old maid to be called that, stranger!” She turned and stormed off to get the tea.
Jason turned back to Talon, who had lowered his tankard and was grinning at him. “What did I say?” Jason asked, confused.
“Ma’am is a word we say to old women,” Talon said. He paused thoughtfully and then said, “The words of your land are strange, Jason Branton, and they have to potential to get you into trouble here in Jennai.”
Jason looked toward the barmaid, who was behind the bar across the room, preparing his tea. She occasionally glared his way. “Well, what should I call her?” He asked the mercenary.
“Lass would be fine,” Talon answered, and then grinned again. “Or wench if you want to be slapped.” He gave a low laugh. “But I wouldn’t expect a favorable reaction if you do.”
Jennai was a strange world indeed, thought Jason to himself. He looked around the room. The Inn had a wood smell to it, like sawdust. The furniture and décor looked in good enough shape, if not a bit worn. The large fireplace near his and Talon’s table had a small fire in it, and was warming the room. Men and women sat at the various tables, enjoying their food. Some of the men were rather rough and tired looking as Talon and himself were after travelling the open country. At one table that was in the opposite rear corner of the room several men wearing the uniforms of soldiers sat talking in hushed tones. They occasionally glanced toward their table, and Jason noted that they quickly looked away again as though not wishing to be noticed themselves. They were tough looking men, and not very friendly looking at all.
Talon was still smiling at some private thought when the barmaid stalked up, set Jason’s drink down hard and poured more ale into Talon’s tankard from a pitcher. Jason looked up at the barmaid, who was obviously still angry at him for the apparent insult. 
“Please, lass,” he said with compassion. “I am new to Jennai, and we speak differently where I am from. Please forgive me for offending you.”
The young woman stared at him at him several long moments and then smiled. “I suppose I can let it lie. But don’t you be insulting me like that again.” She winked and left again to fill tankards at other tables. Jason watched her go, and then leaned across the table to speak to Talon. “Those men in the other corner, they seem to recognize you.”
And you as well, Jason Branton, thought Talon silently. It wasn’t something he would say aloud just yet though. He nodded. “I saw them,” he replied. “I am well known here. But their uniforms bear the lion. They are Scarborough’s men.”
“Scarborough?” Jason asked.
“Allies in words, not always in deeds,” Talon remarked. “This is not the time or place to explain it though.”
Their food was delivered to their table. It was a healthy helping of beef roast and potatoes, covered with gravy. To Jason, it was a taste of heaven. He’s been surviving on jerky, broth, biscuits and cheese for so long that the meal before him was a treasure to be savored. He complemented the barmaid, and she in turn told Flint of his thanks. Eventually, as they were finishing their meal, Flint came to sit at their table to talk.
“Flint,” Jason said enthusiastically. “That meal was the best meal I’ve had in months, maybe ever!”
Flint Beltide grinned. “I like this man already, Talon,” he remarked. “Where did you find such a fine judge of food? And why does he seem familiar?”
Talon nearly choked on the last of his food. “Well, I will admit the food was as good as it always is, Flint,” he replied. “As to Jason Branton, he was a castaway who washed up on the shores of Nu Pike. He travels with me now to Castle Ephrath, where we hope to get him passage home.”
Jason noticed Talon was purposely being vague, but kept it to himself.
Flint Beltide studied Jason’s face a moment, but if he saw anything, he kept it to himself. After several moments he shrugged and said, “I’ve only one room free upstairs, Talon, but it has two beds.”
Talon was relieved Flint had changed the subject himself. He suspected a private conversation was in their future. “That will do fine, Flint,” he said.
Flint leaned forward, glancing around to see if anyone was paying attention. Jason noticed one of the men at the table opposite them looking away suddenly.
“There are strange things going on around here, Lonely Knight,” Flint said in a low voice. “The Lion’s men have been showing up, and we’ve seen men from the iron mines drift through in droves in search of work.”
Talon nodded. “We met one such family,” he remarked. “And saw many upon entering Selman Ri. Any idea what’s going on?”
Flint shook his head. “Not something your dear old father would approve of, I suspect,” he answered. “They come in small groups, a mix of soldiers and men covered head to toe with dirt and dust. They leave a mighty big mess in the rooms, and they are stingy with their coin.”
Talon leaned back in his chair, considering. Once again he felt the need to investigate the Iron Mine to the west. “Have they caused any trouble?” He asked.
Flint Beltide shook his head and answered, “No, they are a disciplined lot, I’ll give them that. But there is hate in their eyes, like predators held back from slaughtering sheep. I’ve been keeping my sword beneath the bar just in case, but no trouble yet.”
Talon looked again at the table of men in Scarborough uniforms. The men were whispering amongst themselves, clearly in a heated discussion. One of them suddenly stood and left the Inn, apparently in a hurry.
“Placid is a good distance away, but it is closer than Ephrath. Have you any men you can send there to get help. Perhaps they can send a garrison to investigate?”
“I’ve considered it,” said Flint. “And I did it weeks ago. The man was not seen since.” He scowled. “He was a good man too. I suspect he met an untimely end. I’ve since sent word with the former miners that pass through, but no one’s shown as yet.”
Jason Branton listened to the exchange with interest. From what he had come to know of Talon in the short time he’d known him, Jason doubted he would let something like this slide. As anxious as Jason was to find answers to his own situation, this issue with the mine seemed as important to Talon and his friends.
Talon himself was silent for several minutes before speaking again, and when he did, he surprisingly dropped the subject. “We’ll need baths before we lay on your beds. And can you find some supplies for us? We’ll be leaving first thing in the morning.”
“You’re going to the mine, aren’t you?” Flint asked.
“No harm in it,” returned Talon. “We’ll have a look and see what’s going on. It is suspicious though.”
Flint nodded. “Just give me a list. I’ll have Connie draw the baths for you two,” he paused a moment, considering. “I could drum up a few men if you want company. There’s no need for you to go without help.”
Talon shook his head and responded, “No, we’ll be going from there to Ephrath even if something is going on. We’ll take word to my father and he’ll send men to set things straight. The men don’t seem to be a threat, so there should be time enough for soldiers to be sent.”
After Flint had gotten up and went about his business, Jason asked, “How much danger are you leading me into?”
Talon grinned and flagged over the barmaid to order more food. “Just enough to be fun,” he said. “Eat up. You won’t see food this good for weeks once we set out in the morning.”
Chapter Thirty-Three | High King Nathan
After the High King Nathanial Kernin and his retinue arrived earlier in the day, and after the formal greetings, he and James made their way down into the catacombs beneath the halls of Castle Ephrath to where the Brantides of the past were buried. Whenever the high king visited it had become tradition that he and James went down into tunnels of the catacombs to visit the tombs and crypts. Few knew the real reason, and most assumed it was Nathan’s way of showing respect to James’s ancestors and former rulers of Jennai.
The catacombs were properly maintained and kept clean by castle staff. Every month or so, they came down and wiped the marble walls clean of dust, mopped and waxed the floors and cleaned the ornate carvings that marked each tomb. The halls of the catacombs ran long and deep, and extended below ground well pass the outer perimeter of the keep itself.
On this day, the small lanterns that hung from hooks mounted on the walls at fifteen foot intervals were lit earlier in the day in anticipation of the high king’s arrival. The small flames in the lanterns flickered slightly and the small amount of smoke they emitted was pulled into the ducts that were embedded into the ceiling. The ducts kept the air as fresh as possible, but there remained a musky odor in the air, set in from the passage of time. James slowly led Nathan down pass the crypts of past kings and ancestors, each with his or her unique place in the history of the Brantide dynasty. The two of them paused in their egress for a few moments as they passed the more legendary carvings that marked each crypt. The first tomb was that which belonged to Jonas Brantide, the First King. The entrance was sealed and blocked by a granite carving in his likeness. Inside it, the remains of the First King had long ago turned to dust, as with the remains of most others in the tombs. Jonas had been a hero of legend. Most of the Brantides were, except perhaps Titus, the Failed King. One day, James Arthur Brantide would be buried here as well and the people of Ephrath would tell tales of how he fought to free all of Jennai from the tyranny of the mad emperor Pors Malys.
Neither man spoke as they solemnly moved further and deeper into the catacombs. Each hall turned sharply after fifty feet, and the ground sloped downward at an angle so that the walk down was far easier than the walk back up. There was an end, somewhere far ahead, but each generation of Brantides had seen to it that the catacombs were expanded for future generations. There were currently slightly more than half of the tombs and crypts occupied. James’s and Nathan’s destination was not at the end of the catacombs. They made their way to the final tomb, that of James’s younger sister, Rena Brantide. She had been the last Brantide to grace the halls of the catacombs. It took close to seventy-five minutes to reach her crypt, which was more brightly lit by the presence of three lanterns because the staff knew the two men would visit her marker. It was a small crypt, sealed as all the others, but her marker was carved in marble in order to more closely capture her smooth features. Emeralds and rubies adorned the carving as well, enhancing the beauty even more so than the tender touch of the stone sculptor had.
The high king kneeled before the marker, running his fingers along the perfectly shaped cheek carved into the marble and feeling the smoothness of the well cared for waxed stone.
“I miss her,” he replied in a hoarse whisper. “Even now, James, even now I miss her more than I can describe.”
“I know, Nathan,” James returned. “What you two had was special and it should have never been taken away from you. She was my sister, and I miss her too.”
The high king nodded with a sigh, glancing briefly at him and James could see tears of sincerity drifting down a damp cheek. It lasted only a moment before Nathan turned back to the carving.
“Lately, I have been thinking of her more than ever,” he said, and James believed it. “I should have been with her when she gave birth. I owed her that at least.”
James shook his head. “You did not even know she had conceived a child on the night you were wed,” he remarked. “Had you known, you would have laid down your sword on the battlefield and raced to her side.”
Nathan shrugged. “I would have,” he answered. “Instead, I lost my wife and a son that I never even got to know.”
It wasn’t easy to see his friend hurting so badly, and James reached out his hand to let it rest on his friend’s shoulder.
“Had your son survived his birth,” he replied. “I am sure he would have been a strong heir. You would have been proud of him.”
Nathan snickered sadly. “More so than the son I am now stuck with, certainly,” he whispered so low James barely heard him. “But now I am the high king, which would never have happened had Rena and my son lived. Their link to me would have been revealed to all, not enshrouded in the need to keep secrets as they are now.”
James shrugged and said, “Secrets have a way of revealing themselves at times we least expect, Nathan. Perhaps one day, you will be able to speak openly of your marriage to my sister, and the stillborn child she died giving birth to. Until then, a part of her still lives within us.”
The high king stood, grimacing as his worn knee popped loudly in the hall of the catacomb. He flexed his leg, loosening it and considered silently. James waited patiently. He knew when his friend had something on his mind to talk about, and it seemed now was such a time. Nathan looked again at the carving of James’s sister and turned to him anew.
“If my son had survived his birth, I have no doubt that the Scarborough swine would have found a way to end his life prematurely,” he said with a sigh. He paused a moment, considering his words, and then said, “I have bad news, James…very bad news.”
James braced himself as the high king, his closest friend, explained. “Lord Andrew is dead,” he said solemnly. “He passed only six weeks ago. Servants found him in his chambers in Ohmsford. He died in his sleep.”
James felt the life give out of him as he received the heavy blow. Andrew Atkin was the man who had raised both Nathan and James on the Isle of Flowers as wards, and he had been the father of James’s wife, Tiffany. All of them would feel the loss greatly. 
“How did he die?” James asked his friend.
Nathan sighed. “It appeared as though his heart gave out after he had gone to bed for the night. It seemed he died of natural causes,” he said. “And that is the story I decided we would give, but there is more, James.”
“There always is,” James said. He turned away as he listened and his eyes settled on the tomb just before Rena’s…the empty tomb of his older brother Baryl, whose body had never been recovered. He looked back at his friend.
Nathan was nodding sadly, and a dim light flickered in his eyes. James recognized that light…it was fueled by anger.
“Servants were cleaning his chambers and preparing him for burial when one of them found a dead rat under his bed. They told me and I investigated. Apparently, the rat had drunk the wine from Andrew’s spilled goblet the same evening he died. Both were the victims of a poison of some sort.”
Now James felt the heat of anger flow into his face and he breathed deeply the musty air of the catacombs. “He was murdered?!”
Nathan nodded.
“By whom,” James asked loudly, standing tall and looking wrathful. “I will flay their skin from their bones for this!”
Nathan winced. “Calm yourself, James,” he snapped. “Do you think I would not have done the same, had I been given the opportunity? I loved that man as much as you, and nearly as much as Tiffany does!”
“Then tell me the killer’s name and we will do it together and avenge the man who was like a father to us most of our lives!” Emotion fed James, fueled by anger and a need to strike out at whoever was responsible.
“I do not know who is responsible,” Nathan snapped, and then made an effort to at least calm his own emotions. “I have my suspicions, but I have no proof. I cannot dispense justice on base assumptions, James. You know I cannot do that.”
“Tell me who did it, Nathan,” James replied coldly. “Tell me, and I will handle this. You will be free from blame and I will be able to look my wife in the eye and tell her justice has been served.”
Nathan shook his head. “You are a king, James,” he said. “You know the delicate balance that must be kept in order to maintain treaties and such.”
“No one is beyond the reach of justice, Nathan!” James shouted at his friend. “No one! Tell me who it was!”
Nathan looked away for a few seconds and his shoulders sank. “Not even the high queen, James?” He asked, defeated. “Not even my own wife and her cursed family?”
James, surprised by Nathan’s words, took a sudden deep breath and let it out. He made a supreme effort to calm himself. He turned away and paced several steps up the hall, paused, and then turned back to Nathan.
“The Scarborough’s are behind this, Nathan?” He asked. “It makes no sense. I understand they are ambitious and not trustworthy, but why would they kill a man so loved by others?”
Andrew Atkin had indeed been loved and adored by his people on the Isle of Flowers, and throughout most of Jennai. He was the High King’s First Knight, the primary protector of the High King. He had grown older, but in his prime he was among the best of the knights. His guidance had helped Nathan adjust to being a ruler, and his counsel had kept the high king on a proper path.
“Why indeed,” Nathan answered. “I can think of but one reason, James.”
James considered. “To remove him from your side,” he remarked. “They wanted to clear the path to you.”
Nathan nodded. “Andrew was old, but his mind was alert. If there was scheming to be exposed, he would have sought it out and uncovered it for the entire realm to see,” he explained. “I suspect my wife and her brothers, along with her cursed father in Hillyer, grow tired of waiting for my whiney son to inherit the throne.”
James considered his friend’s words. He had force himself to calm and was thinking more clearly now. “You think you are next?”
Shrugging, Nathan said, “Perhaps. Or perhaps there is more to their schemes. They would be foolish to outright kill me, James. I am well received as high king throughout Jennai, and they know it. The people would suspect if something were to happen to me so soon after Andrew’s death.”
Nathan started walking up the hall with James next to him. They took their time and James considered many things. He needed to avenge Andrew’s death, but Nathan was right in keeping his suspicions secret.
“Who knows the truth of this?” He asked. “Beside you and me, I mean?”
“Very few,” Nathan replied. “A couple of trusted servants, Grand Master Shultz, the commander of my Home Guard, Sir Timothy, and Isaac. No others,” he answered. “And now you know, James. Only those I can trust.”
James relented. “Alright,” he said to his friend. “How do you wish to handle this?”
Nathan hesitated, reluctant to say more, but knowing he must. “We say nothing, James.”
Nathan held up a hand upon seeing the heat return to James face. “We say nothing, but we prepare,” he added. James calmed himself. “I believe the Scarboroughs plan more than treachery, friend. I believe they plan a war.”
James stopped walking and stared at his friend. “Surely they would not be so callous,” he replied. “Too openly strike against the high king would expose themselves as traitors to all of the realm!”
Nathan was shaking his head. “It runs deeper than that,” he remarked. “While in Ohmsford, I find myself surrounded by a den of vipers. Zaccari has used his infernal gold to purchase the loyalties of most of those I once trusted. Those I named are the only ones I feel safe confiding in, at least at the palace.” They started walking again. “I dare say that if I were to confront Zaccari at King’s Court, most of the Home Guard would reveal themselves to be loyal to Zaccari and slay me where I stood. Sir Timothy can be trusted, but even he admits most of his men have questionable loyalties. He is seeking out other men he can count on, but it will take time to find them.”
They walked further in silence for several moments, until James spoke again. “What would you have me do?”
Nathan again hesitated and finally said, “I want you to come back to Ohmsford with me, James. I want you to replace Andrew as First Knight and help me look into it. I need people I can trust, people who have not come under the Scarborough’s influences.”
James nodded. “Consider it done, my friend,” he responded. “I will bring an army if I must, and we will sweep the halls of the capitol clean of corruption together.”
Nathan smiled for the first time since entering the catacombs. He had known he could count on his friend.
“I will speak with Tiffany…in private,” James said. “She will take this news poorly. It will take all of my charm to keep her from attacking your wife herself.”
Nathan was nodding. “We must be careful, James,” he remarked. “We must find proof of treachery so that I may confront my wife and her infernal family. Once we do that, we will make our stand and be rid the bargain we made with them so long ago.”
The high king reached into his stately coat and withdrew a scroll. He glanced momentarily at it and then handed it to James. “I want you to give this to Tiffany to hold here at Ephrath, James.”
“What is it,” James asked as he took the document.
Nathan looked at him and said, “It is my written record of my marriage to Rena, in case anything happens to me. She deserves to be acknowledged, James,” He said. “I want the realm to know that wench Adina was not my first wife and that I had a son other than Wesley and Celeb., even if he did not survive.”
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The fates had a tendency to work against the best of plans, and they did so in regard to the plans of the Nathanial Kernin and James Arthur Brantide. Early in the day, riders began to arrive from Barrier Keep, carrying with them reports of invasion from the north. The riders reported large numbers of Skarns gathering in force north of the Seneca Inlet. Barrier Keep and the towers it served would be the first line of defense to the coming invasion.
But the keep and towers were no more than a temporary stopgap. The invaders could easily pass around the structures and continue on if they cared little for leaving an enemy at their backs. It was agreed that this was an unlikely scenario at best though. More likely, the invading army would attack the keep and towers, seeking to eliminate as much opposition as possible.
This meant that James had little time to raise an army of his own to face the invaders and relieve the Wardens. He and Nathan could only hope his force would arrive in time. They were forced to abandon their plans for James to travel to Ohmsford with the high king. Instead, Nathan and his retinue would return to the capitol immediately and raise more forces to relieve Ephrath. It would take months to do so though, so they knew James had his work cut out for him. They would just have to hope that the conspiracy they suspected the Scarboroughs of would not manifest itself further before they good garner themselves effectively against it.
Chapter Thirty-Four | Annabela
Annabela Brantide watched with disgust as her sister followed the young Prince Wesley around the dining hall, fawning over his every word and action like some lovesick puppy. Candice was older than the prince by several years, and even though she was developing as a woman, the prince showed no interest in her at all.
To be honest, Anna found it hard to understand why any woman would want to fall in love when a life of adventure awaited them. In her sister’s case, her future was already planned out for her. When Prince Wesley reached adulthood, the two would be wed as had been arranged years before.
Candice had embraced the idea of becoming a proper princess, and she looked forward to one day becoming the High Queen of Jennai. She was the perfect lady and did all the things perfect ladies did, the sewing, embroidery, learning to read and write…all of it.
She was so well-mannered it turned Anna’s stomach at times. She loved her sister, but Annabela promised herself she would never marry and settle down. She craved a life of adventure, and that sort of thing was not granted to queens or princesses.
No, Anna hoped to one day become a legendary female warrior, skilled with the sword like no other woman before her. She enjoyed the tales of heroes and battles that she read about in the library. While her sister read books on kings and queens, Annabela read books on military strategy and war campaigns.
Unfortunately, she got in trouble for doing so sometimes, but it was worth the punishment. Her mother, Queen Tiffany, insisted she learn the same things as her sister so that she could one day marry a prince as well, but Anna wanted none of that.
Annabela Brantide insisted she was not destined to sit at the side of a some pompous, spoiled man as he made every decision for her. She insisted that she would make her own decisions. She was not daunted by the fact that neither the army of Ephrath nor the Barrier Wardens accepted woman as soldiers. She simply stated she would find another way to make her mark in the world.
And she hated these social gatherings because they pulled her away from the things she would rather be doing, such as practicing with her sword or reading books that interested her. Because the high king was visiting, her mother had insisted she be present much of the time. She planned on sneaking away the first chance she had.
She was about to do just that when she noticed her father leading her mother away to a private spot away from those gathered in the dining hall. She would have used the distraction to cover her own escape, but the expression on her father’s face was so serious that it gave her pause. She looked around. Her Uncle Nathan was staring after the two as they retreated from the hall. The High Queen, whom Anna refused to call aunt, had a knowing smile on her face, but she noticed Anna looking at her and quickly turned away.
Her mother and father left the dining hall quietly, and once they were gone, all who had taken notice of their leaving turned back to their meals. Annabela waited several moments, and then made her way casually to the same doors and quietly followed after her parents. Out in the hall everything was quiet and she wondered which way her mother and father could have gone, until she heard her mother’s voice protesting having to leave the main dining room. Anna could hear her father hushing her mother. Quickly but quietly, she hurried after the pair.
A minute or two later, she had thought she’d lost them. They were no longer in the great hall. They must have turned into one of the smaller chambers, but she was not sure which. Hesitantly, she began quietly opening the doors a crack, listening and then closing them once more. Upon opening the fifth door on the left, she heard her father’s voice.
Chapter Thirty-Five| Queen Tiffany
“I’m sorry, Tif,” James said. “I know you wanted to remain in the dining hall, but I have something of importance to speak with you about.”
Queen Tiffany sighed. “Really, James,” she replied. “Is it so important that it cannot wait? I am the queen of Ephrath, and hostess to our visitors. My absence will not go unnoticed.”
James reached out to his wife and drew her close. He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed affectionately. He took a deep breath and released it slowly.
Tiffany stiffened and asked, “It is bad, isn’t it?” She pulled away slightly and looked up into his eyes. She saw tears there, welling up in his eyes. “What is it, James? What can have you so upset?”
The king of Ephrath stared into her eyes for a moment, and then looked away. He took another breath and said, “It’s your father, Tiffany. He is dead.”
“No,” the queen gasped, pulling away in shock. “How can this be?”
And so the king told his wife the suspicions of the high king, and it took much convincing to prevent her from going back to the dining hall and killing the high queen herself. Instead, she went to their rooms, and the king made excuses for her in the dining hall. The small celebration resumed and all pretended all was well. But all was not well.
For off in a corner of the dining hall, standing near the tapestries that hung on the southern wall, little Annabela stood staring at the high queen and her two brothers. Hatred burned in her heart, but she knew she was too small to allow it to find release. That would change.
Anna began making plans of her own, plans she hoped her parents would understand.
But she had her doubts.
Chapter Thirty-Six | Preparations for War
Word spread through the kingdoms rapidly. War was coming to Jennai and an army would be needed to defend it. The people of Jennai, throughout its history, had always known this day would one day come. Young men, dreaming of glory earned in battle, began to make their way toward Ephrath from across the realm. Men familiar with the truth of war prepared themselves and also made the trek. Mothers, children and farms were left to fend for themselves while their providers rode off to defend them.
Blacksmiths gathered their wares on wagons and set out for Ephrath, knowing weapons would be needed for what was sure to be a harsh battle.
Some men walked. Some men rode. Those that walked would have counted themselves blessed had they known what lay ahead. Those that rode arrived sooner, but would also likely die sooner.
For some, the war was an opportunity to earn a place in the annals of time, to be remembered by history as men who put the good of the realm before their own lives. They knew many would not return to their families. That was the way of war. In battle, death was not prejudice. One could only hope to outlast his opponents.
In Ephrath, Queen Tiffany placed her duties before her desire for revenge. While her husband prepared to ride off to war, she prepared Ephrath for the arrival of more men. She tried not to think about her husband riding into battle, for if she dwelled on it, she would be brought to tears. Their oldest son Thomas would supervise Castle Ephrath in his father’s absence. He was a man now, and the heir to the throne of Ephrath. He would need the respect of the kingdom and protecting the people while a war raged north of them would earn that respect.
She prepared to assume the more boring duties of administration until her husband. Thomas supervised the evacuation of the citizenship as they fled southward. There was little they could do to help in the battle, and they would become victims if the Skarns reached Ephrath with them still there. He would also arrange the defense of the castle and organize the many soldiers that would be arriving from throughout the kingdom. These forces would later follow after the King James’ own force to provide relief.
Tiffany watched in angry silence as the High King and his retinue, including his wife and her two brothers, departed the city to return to Ohmsford and garner a larger army. The High Queen wore a knowing smirk as she rode within her carriage. Tiffany swore to herself and her husband that once the war was over, she would avenge her father’s death, even if it meant starting another war. 
High King Nathanial expressed his regrets to Tiffany before his departure, and Tiffany thanked him. He was a good friend, and she held no hatred toward him for the death of her father.
She knew her focus would have to be on helping her people in the coming weeks or months. Vengeance would come at a later time. And it would come…this she once again swore to herself.
Chapter Thirty-Seven | No Rest for the Weary
It was late in the evening, well past the midnight hour and both Talon and Jason Branton were sleeping soundly in their third floor room. Just outside their room and down the first flight of steps on the second floor, four men stood talking in whispered tones so as not to wake up the other occupants of the Forger’s Inn. These men had seen the two strangers enter the inn and immediately recognized the younger of the two as the Lonely Knight. The man with him seemed familiar as well, though none of them could place him.
Down on the first floor, three more men stood waiting in case their compatriots needed help. One of them held a knife to Flint Beltide’s throat to keep him quiet. The dwarf was shaking with anger and his face was red with emotion. Another eighth man watched the front door to the inn.
On the second floor, the four men each quietly drew their weapons, knives and swords. The metal of the longer blades made low scraping sounds that could not be helped. The first of them took a step onto the flight of stairs leading up to the third floor, slowly beginning to ease his way upward toward their quarry’s room.  The other three men each eased after the first, careful to avoid making any sound that would give away their presence.
The room that the Lonely Knight and his companion were sleeping in was located just right of the top of the stairs, the first in a short hall that lead to two other such rooms. In the opposite direction were three other rooms, but the four men cared little for the people staying in those.
The first man was nearly to the top of the flight when the next step he took caused the wood stair to creaking with a sound that seemed loud enough to wake the dead. The man froze in place and held his breath, listening for signs that the noise had awakened their prey. If such a sound were heard, their only chance was to bulrush the room in the hope that they would succeed in surprising the men within. The fighting skills of the Talon were well known throughout Ephrath and most of Jennai. His was a name few respected, until they saw him fight. They had no desire to face the man on equal footing. Their only desire was to kill him as quickly as possible and then disappear into the night.
They had been sent to watch for and eliminate all threats to the completion of their mission. The Lonely Knight was just the sort of man their orders had been intended for…more so him perhaps, since his blood kept him loyal to the king. Their commander had been clear in his orders.
As the four men stood perfectly still on the steps, Flint Beltide lowered his hand and slipped a small blade from his sleeve where he kept it bound to his wrist in case some unpleasant customer started trouble, and this certainly qualified. He knew the man holding him and those with him had the advantage in numbers, so he kept it hidden and waited for the proper opportunity to put it to use.
All remained silent in the room at the top of the stairs. No sounds came from it from their quarry. Still, they waited several minutes just to be sure. The hall at the top of the steps was dimly lit by candles mounted on the walls. Most of the candles had burned low, their melted wax dripping to the dusty wood floor. The men started moving carefully up the stairs again, stepping over the squeaky step.
Once they reached the landing of the top floor, they moved quickly but quietly to the door behind which their quarry slept. Gathering on either side, they prepared themselves. The first looked questioningly to those that had followed, and each nodded their readiness. Taking a deep breath he stepped before the door and kicked hard, causing it to buckle and splinter and burst open. The men rushed into the room, swords at the ready.
Only to find it empty. Moonlight through the open window reveals naught but two empty beds, both slept in, but their occupants missing. The men turned over the beds and checked the closet and were still unable to find their quarry.
Chapter Thirty-Eight | Rude Awakening
Jason Branton started from his sleep as Talon slipped his hand over his mouth and shook him gently. He looked at the man in the moonlight and Talon pointed toward the door to their room, then held a finger to his lips. He realized Talon was telling him someone was outside their door.
Urging Jason out of bed, Talon signaled him to grab his clothes and pointed toward the window. Jason did so and climbed out the window as quietly as he could. The dry taste of fear was in his mouth and he was thirsty beyond belief, but upon climbing out the window the fear turned to coldness due to the cool night air. Talon followed him out the window and the two men made their way toward the banister and climbed down the three floors to the ground that lay between the Forger’s Inn and the building next to it. The alley was dark with very little moonlight aiding their vision, but Talon seemed all business. He urged Jason to get dressed quickly, doing the same, and then led Jason around to the front corner of the Inn.
Talon signaled Jason to stay at the corner, hidden in shadow, and then quietly stepped onto the wood walkway that rested in front of the Inn. He eased himself forward to a window to peer inside. A crashing sound was suddenly heard above the alley, coming from their room. Whoever had been outside their door had made their move. Jason looked up at the window, hearing voices, and then eased around the front corner of the inn just as he saw a man’s head poke out in the darkness, cursing.
Talon had by now ducked below the window he gazed into and made his way to stand next to the front door to the Forger’s Inn. He stood with his back flat against the building and looked at Jason with a grin. He held his sword in his other hand. He signaled first with five fingers, and then three more.
Eight men. Jason took a deep breath. No matter how skilled Talon was, eight men would likely be too many for him to handle alone. He would need his help.
Looking around while trying not to consider what he was intending to do, he spotted a straw broom resting against a post. It wasn’t much, but it would have to do. He eased himself out to the post, grabbed the broom and stepped back against the building again. He looked at Talon and nodded.
Talon suddenly reached around into the open doorway and yanked the first of the men out by the scruff of the neck, smacking him on the head with the hilt of his sword. Jason watched as the man collapsed in an unconscious heap. Cries of alarm rang out from within the Inn, and Talon wasted no time charging in. Jason raced to follow with only the broom as a weapon. As he passed through the doorway, he saw that two other men were already down. Talon was pulling his sword from the chest of a man, and Flint Beltide had stabbed one in the side with a small knife and was easing him to the ground. The man was alive, but disabled.
A remaining man charged at Talon with his sword raised and calling out. Talon sidestepped his charge and brought his freed sword around in a backward stroke, catching the man in the back of his neck. Jason watched as the man’s face widened in an expression of surprise just a few feet away from his own position. The dying man’s eyes rolled to the back of his head and his body fell to the ground.
Talon was already moving to the stairs where still more men were now appearing from an upper floor. He slashed the lead one in the shin, causing the man to stumble and fall. The other men tumbled over him in a rush.
Jason was still staring at the dead man on the floor before him in shock. He was unable to move. Some part of him sensed Flint Beltide running behind the bar and coming out again with a short sword. The dwarf ran over to Jason and shook him to alertness, yelling something, and then raced to Talon’s aid.
Not that Talon needed it. The man was on one of the tumbling men already, shoving a sword through the man’s back and ending his life. The other men were cursing and struggling to rise. Talon kicked one of them in the face, flinging him backward against the stairs.
Flint Beltide entered the fray just as the two remaining men had regained their feet and were struggling toward Talon. His small short sword slashed across the back of a knee, cutting through tendons. The man cried out in pain and dropped his weapon, and then collapsed to the floor because his leg could no longer support him.
Talon braced for the final remaining man’s attack, but the man thought better of that plan and turned to flee…right toward Jason Branton. The warning cries of both Talon and Flint brought Jason out of shock and he saw the man racing toward him, sword raised. Without time to do much else Jason dodged out of the way but swung the broom handle around hard to strike the man’s ankles as he passed.
The sudden move did little damage, but caused the man to trip and lose his footing. He crashed against the frame of the door and to the floor. His sword landed on the floor next to him with a heavy metallic sound. Jason gripped the broom handle strongly, raised it and brought it down over the back of the man’s head. It wasn’t an act born of skill, but rather of need. He felt the impact as the man was knocked unconscious by the blow.
The man Talon had kicked in the face was staggering to his feet now. He turned toward the three men and shouted through bloody teeth, then charged at Talon with his sword raised.
Talon easily deflected the poorly executed swing of the man’s blade and kicked him again hard, this time in the chest. The man collapsed to the floor again, still remained conscious but with the wind knocked out of him. Talon quickly disarmed him and dragged him by over to prop him up against the bar.
“Flint!” Talon called. “How about something to drink?” He smacked the man a couple of times. “Now you, soldier,” he addressed the man. “Why are Scarborough’s men attacking me?”
The man spat blood in Talon’s face with a sneer. Jason watched as Talon smacked his head a few more times.
Flint set three drinks on the bar, one each for Talon, himself and Jason. “I would answer him, boy,” Flint replied. “The Lonely Knight is not one to play with.” He picked up his tankard and drank deeply, waving for Jason to do so as well.
Jason’s hands were shaking and his mouth was so dry that he walked over and drank down the tankard without a second thought. The ale was cool and satisfying. When he finished, both Flint and Talon were watching him with easy smiles on their faces.
“You did well enough, Jason Branton,” Talon said. “Well enough.” He turned his attention back to the man he was holding. “Hear me, man,” he said. “Your life depends on the answers you give me now. Why did you and these men attack us?”
The man coughed and stuttered. “Orders,” he answered. “We were ordered to do so.”
“Why?” Talon pushed.
The man hesitated and Talon smacked him again. “B-because of the mines! Because you are the king’s son!”
Jason looked at Talon in surprise. Talon was a prince? No, that wouldn’t be right. Talon himself had said he had no rights as an heir because he was baseborn and considered unworthy by the society in which he lived. But Talon was loyal to his father regardless.
“What goes on at the mines?” Talon asked coldly.
The man shook his head. “I will not say,” he answered. “I cannot say! I will not betray my lord!”
Talon looked at the man for a moment, reached for his tankard and drank down the ale within. He then smashed it over the man’s head.
“Here now,” Flint protested. “Those things cost money!”
Talon reached into his pocket and produced a steel coin. “This will cover it,” he said, and then turned to Jason. “Go pack our things. We are leaving tonight…now. Flint, did you manage to get any of those supplies I asked for?”
Flint nodded. “Aye,” he said. “Had them delivered to the stable master.”
“Good,” Talon remarked. He turned from Flint and looked at the men. Three were still alive, though one was hurt bad enough to bleed to death. “Let’s get these fellows tied up with a bit of rope, then I’ll settle up and we’ll head out.”
“What will I do with them when you’re gone?” Flint asked and nodded toward the wounded one. “This one’s bleeding all over my wood floor!”
Talon shrugged. “Bandage him up as best you can and send someone for the constable and the healer. I’ll leave a signed statement for you. Just make sure they don’t leave here and return to the mines.”
Chapter Thirty-Nine | On the Road
They left Selman Ri an hour before daybreak, walking the horses at an easy pace with the pack mules following close behind. Jason Branton followed as Talon led the way, apparently in no hurry. As for himself, Jason kept casting glances behind them, looking for signs of pursuit and for the wolves Reaper and Sheba. The two pets were nowhere to be seen. As they travelled west, the road they followed began to degrade into more of a path as they more deeply penetrated the Whispering Pines. The trees along the sides of the path thickened into a full-fledged forest and eventually, the tops of the trees began to sporadically blot out the trees.
The air was cold but pleasant, and Jason enjoyed the smells of the forest, even if his rump was sore from the saddle after only a few hours.
Talon was silent much of the day, keeping his own thoughts private. Jason spent most of the time thinking about the events that occurred in Selman Ri. Those men had targeted Talon because his benefactor was the son of a king…a king who posed a threat to their plans. It was a shocking revelation that Talon was royalty. No, Jason thought. That’s not actually true is it?
As a child born outside of marriage, the society of Jennai viewed him as an outcast unworthy of an inheritance. From what Jason understood, most children born under those conditions were abandoned to their mothers, but that wasn’t the case for Talon. His mother had died, and his father…who Jason now knew was a king…had obviously broken with tradition and raised and provided for him. It couldn’t have been easy, especially since the man was married. His wife, the queen, could not have been happy with the arrangement. Talon said almost nothing all day. Since their departure from the Forger’s Inn, the man was strangely quiet, speaking only when he must. He was brooding over recent events.
But what really bothered Jason was the fight in Selman Ri. Talon had been brutal, a killer. The reality of his situation had become suddenly and viciously clear. Talon had shown himself to be deadly with his sword, a true soldier. Even the owner of the Forger’s Inn had proven himself to be capable of killing. Jason had not. Yes, he had managed to stop a fleeing assailant, narrowly avoiding becoming a victim himself, but he would never have killed the man. The thought of even doing so repulsed Jason to the core of his being.
The words of the angel come back to him suddenly. He would raise an army, the angel had said. And he would lead that army into battle.
Jason Branton was no warrior. He never had been one. Yes, he had spent time in the United States Army, but as an engineer, not a soldier. It was a long time ago and he had barely made it through boot camp at the time. He was good at designing things like bridges and such, not fighting.
But in the end, he knew he may not have a choice. Obviously God had a plan in all this, and Jason found himself deeply rooted in that plan. He trusted God completely, but it was all more than a little overwhelming. God had a way of using the most unlikely persons to do his will, didn’t he?
Of more immediate concern was the apparent danger he and Talon seemed to be in. He was nowhere as confident as Talon appeared to be that more attackers would not threaten them at any moment. That thought caused Jason to look over his shoulder again, feeling like they were being hunted.
When he turned forward again, Talon was staring at him.
“The danger is not behind us, Branton,” he remarked with a frown. “Those men were from the iron mine. That’s where the danger will be…there and the leper colony, of course.”
“How far?” Jason asked.
“To the colony? We should reach the outskirts by sunset tomorrow,” Talon answered. “We’ll make camp just before then though, and work our way around it the next morning. The iron mine is half a day further on horseback.”
Jason hesitated. “The fight back at the inn,” he started and then stopped for several moments trying to find the right words. “I’m no fighter, Talon. If you need something designed and built, I’m your man, but that fight…I was out of my element.”
Talon slowed his horse and came to ride next to Branton. “There are many mysterious layers to you, Jason Branton,” he replied. “Not the least of which is your presence in Jennai. This land,” he waved his hand around. “It is a harsh land. To survive, you will need to learn to fight. A threat does not lie around every corner, but it exists nonetheless.”
Jason looked over at him. “And you are leading me toward yet another such threat,” he said. “You should have accepted the offer Flint made to send men with us. I’ll be next to useless if we have to fight.”
Talon shrugged. “You handled yourself fairly well at the Forger’s Inn. With a simple broomstick you stopped one of the soldiers from escaping.”
“A broomstick is not a sword,” Jason remarked without much confidence. And I am not a warrior.”
Talon shook his head and said, “I suppose you may not be, but I think you are more capable than you allow yourself credit for. Wherever that sword on your back came from, it was given to you for a reason. There are plenty of other weapons as well, and if your actions with that simple broomstick were an indication, I’d wager a staff might be your weapon of choice.”
“A staff,” remarked Jason, doubtful. He immediately discounted the use of the sword in battle. He knew the blade was meant for someone else, someone Gabriel said he would know upon meeting…a twice born king.
Talon nodded. “A staff can be used to incapacitate an opponent, but can also be deadly if wielded correctly in battle.”
An image of Moses with his staff raised suddenly came to mind. The more he thought about it, the more he took to the idea. Moses had led Israel to the promise land, staff in hand. He had parted water and called forth plagues with it as well. And if he had to fight with it, he could disable instead of kill.
“I’m open to it,” said Jason. “I think I could learn to use a staff along with the bow for hunting. I think I’m getting the knack of using that bow.”
Talon smiled, amused by Branton’s false confidence with a bow. He looked around them. “I’ll keep an eye out for suitable trees we can a staff from. These pines around us are too light and would break too easily. They become bridle as they dry. Deeper into the peaks there are tall hardwoods and oaks.”
They continued riding along for the next few hours, and by the time Talon mentioned finding a place to camp, the sun was sinking behind the peaks before them. Jason had thought it cold earlier in the morning, but the temperature had continued to slowly drop throughout the day. The warmth from the night before was all but a fading memory. Talon showed concern as they travelled, but he was keeping his wits about him. He kept his eyes peeled for a suitable place to make camp, and eventually they came upon a mountain runoff that had formed a thin stream parallel to the path they followed. The path itself had narrowed each furlong they travelled and Talon told Branton that it would soon become nothing more than a well travelled trail.
After they made camp that night, the two wolves eventually showed themselves at last. They lay near the fire as though they had no cares, as though they had never been gone. Talon ventured into the woods for a bit while Jason fed the fire and started their evening meal. He sat before the flames absorbing their heat for nearly an hour before Talon reappeared with a long straight sapling trunk. As they ate dried biscuits and beef stew before the fire, Talon set to work on the sapling with his knife. He stripped the thin layer of bark from it and shaped it into a staff for Jason to practice with. It would have to dry out for a few days, he told Branton, but it would be a suitable weapon to defend himself with even now.
It was cold that night, colder than any night so far. Jason found it hard to sleep because he was shivering so badly. Sleeping on the ground had made it worse and he found himself wishing he were back in the bed at the Forger’s Inn, or at least back at the campsite with the low wall to protect them from the icy wind. Their full night of sleep the night before did them little good throughout this miserable night.
Come morning, both men woke up stiff and cold. Overnight the temperatures had plummeted even further and Jason thanked the Lord they hadn’t frozen solid while they tried in vain to get some rest. It had been an oppressive night under a cloudy sky, and Branton had gotten little sleep at all. Still tired and sore, they broke fast with left over biscuits, packed up and set out after watering and feeding the horses. The new day proved to be just as bad as the evening before. Jason was so cold his sides ached from shaking. He and Talon wore heavy cloaks and garments meant for winter travel, but the icy wind penetrated them easily. Each breath felt like knives down their throats because of the cold, but they struggled on.
The terrain started ascending upward into the Whispering Peaks and stones lined the side of the trail they travelled on. Finally, at one point the trail split left and right. The branch to the left was well travelled, but the one to the right was slightly grown over and there were groves in the ground as though a wagon had passed through several times over time.
Talon led the way to the right branch. He slowed slightly and called back to Branton. “This is the trail the wagon from Selman Ri travels to deliver supplies to the outskirts of the leper colony,” he said above the howl of the wind. “The other circles the colony in a wider arc, a longer but less risky route. Most travel that route to journey into Ephrath, but this trail leads to the colony, and beyond that to the iron mine.”
They moved on and as the sun drifted closer to the western horizon, Jason found himself wishing there were more hours in the day. At least while they riding their limbs were moving and generating some sort of body heat. He was not looking forward to another freezing night. He was exhausted, but had resigned himself to the belief that rest would not come soon.
Late in the afternoon, Talon called a halt and said they were barely a league away from the colony.
“We should not try to go around the colony until morning, when the sun is brighter and night is not approaching,” he said. He pointed at a large grouping of rocks not far off the trail. “We should make camp there. I’ve done so before and there is shelter enough from the wind for both us and the animals. Also there is a pool of water that is a hot spring fed from some below ground heat source. Hot springs will become more common as we travel into Ephrath.” He smiled. “At any rate, we can bath in warm water if we wish tonight, and we’ll sleep close to the spring where the earth is warm to the touch.”
The possibility of a warm night lifted Jason’s spirits immediately. “If we get a warm night of sleep tonight, I think it will be as welcomed as Flint’s beds in Selman Ri.”
Talon nodded his agreement and remarked, “If it gets much colder, we may see snow soon. We will have to travel quickly after we finish at the mines if we want to make it through the peaks before snows come. The last thing we will want to travel upon is a slope covered with ice.”
They made their way into the nearby rocks and things were as promised. Not only was there a warm spring, but Jason was gratified to see they would sleep under a stone overhang as well. The heat from the spring reflected off the stone covering with a welcoming embrace.
As always, Talon insisted they care for the horses and mules first and foremost. They removed the saddles and bags and went to brushing them down, feeding them and giving them warm water from the spring. The horses had their own little area beneath the overhang, protected from the worst of the elements. A cool breeze still brought an occasional shiver, but overall it was much better than previous nights.
As Jason looked around, he could tell that the site had been used before. There were several small piles of wood, stacked neatly to be used as kindling for a fire. The wood had cobwebs on it so it was clear that it had been there for a long while. The fire itself was lit quickly, and finally both Talon and Jason stripped off their clothes and climbed into the warm spring. The feel of the naturally heated water was soothing and to Jason it felt like a little touch of heaven. As h felt his tight and stiff muscles begin to relax he silently thanked God for such a much-needed blessing.
Later, seated near the fire, Talon and he talked of the coming day. The plan was to pass close to the leper colony without getting too close. Most travellers circled wide around it, losing half a day in the effort. But Talon knew a trail that would safely lead them through and save several hours of travel time. Once they made it pass the colony, the iron mine was half a day’s ride from there. Talon felt they would reach it late in the afternoon the next day.
Finally, the two men lay out their blankets and went to sleep, both exhausted beyond belief. Jason was so relaxed after his bath in the spring that he fell to sleep almost immediately. He slept soundly and peacefully the night through.
Chapter Forty | The Leper Colony
When he finally awakened, it was after a full night of sleep, and into the later hours of the morning. Talon was already up and preparing a hot breakfast, their first such breakfast in weeks. Jason sat under his warm blankets for a few minutes, and then he noticed movement in the skies.
Against the gray background of the clouds, snow flurries were starting to lightly fall to the ground outside their shelter. Branton climbed out of his blankets, wrapped his cloak around him, and walked to the edge of the shelter. Talon noticed him and nodded.
“That’s not good news,” he said, and then shrugged. “But we knew it was a possibility. At least it’s not a heavy snowfall. Most of the flakes melt before reaching the ground. We would have to remain here if it were any worse. It doesn’t look like it will get much worse today either, but you can never tell for sure.”
Jason turned to face him, thinking that things were getting worse each day. “How bad will it be to travel in it?” He asked.
Talon shrugged again. “Hopefully not too bad,” he answered. “The clouds over us do not look ice heavy, so it is my hope that the snow will only be a temporary problem.”
“And if it’s not?” Jason pressed.
“Then we will have to wear rain cloaks to keep dry, over our heavy cloaks. But that may also help to block out the wind a bit,” he said. “It is not impossible to travel under worse conditions, but we will have to be careful and yet make good time.” He paused a moment, thoughtfully considering something, and then continued. “We haven’t much time to spare at the mine though if we want to reach Castle Ephrath before worse weather sets in.”
The iron mine. Jason felt a small voice within him warning of danger whenever he thought about their upcoming visit to the mine. Talon seemed concerned as well, but it was something he insisted must be done. He suspected treachery against his father, and it wasn’t Jason’s place to argue with him. He would just have to be patient.
The two of them ate a breakfast of bacon and biscuits, fed the horses and then Talon insisted on working with Jason with the staff for an hour. Jason wondered if there were a handheld weapon Talon was not very skilled at using. He used a staff as skillfully as he did a sword. He took the time to show Jason the proper way to hold the staff, how important balance was, and several movements that he said would serve him well in a battle.
“Remember,” said Talon at one point “A staff has two ends. If an opponent ducks below your swing, the other end of the staff can hit him just as hard as the first end would have. And when you strike someone, brace the staff firmly and swing through the target, not at it.”
Jason listened intently and tried his best to mimic Talon’s movements. After the hour had passed, Talon claimed he had done well for his first lesson, and then insisted Jason practice hitting a target with his bow for half an hour as well. While he was practicing with the bow, Talon packed the mules and readied the horses.
The two wolves were nowhere to be seen. Jason thought briefly of them and assumed they had ventured out into the surrounding forests before he had even awakened.
Finally, the two of them set out shortly before the noon hour. Talon walked them at a brisk but sober pace, watching their surroundings. As brave as the man was, Jason could tell Talon feared being exposed to the people within the leper colony. He would imagine the people of Jennai had reason to fear and plague without having the means to protect themselves against them.
As for himself, Jason wasn’t sure how he felt. Christ had healed a leper in the New Testament, and he felt certain that God was with him always. He wasn’t afraid of the lepers at all, but he thought it wise to avoid them as well. Still, he felt that old familiar tugging at his heart strings for the poor people within the colony. That anyone would suffer so disheartened him immensely.
When he asked Talon what the people in the colony were like, Talon said that no one knew what they were like any more. Because of the illness, no one risked contact with the people of the colony. They only knew at least some still lived because the previous supply wagons were emptied each time they returned with another. They would leave the full wagon, and return to Selman Ri with the empty one.
Jason Branton realized that the people of Jennai knew nothing of germs and viruses. In his travels as a missionary, he had seen viruses nearly wipe out villages and small towns. At least there were cures for most of them in his world, if the victims were reached soon enough. But that wasn’t the case in Jennai. Frankly, he was amazed the leprosy had not spread into Selman Ri, carried there by the very wagons the villagers used to deliver foodstuffs and supplies with.
He didn’t mention this to Talon, of course. Such knowledge might prevent the sick people of the colony from ever receiving supplies. Fear often guided the actions of even well-meaning people. Still, was it right for him to withhold such information? The sickness could spread rapidly if it was carried outside the colony. Many more people could suffer as a result.
Finally, Talon drew his horse to a halt and pointed to their right. Jason looked in that direction and saw an old shack, barely holding itself together. A light coat of snow made the hole in the roof of the shack stand out all the more than it would have otherwise. Not far from the shack rest an old wood wagon, meant to carry supplies. The wagon was clean except for the dried leaves that the wind blew over and onto it.
Jason felt an involuntary shiver as he felt the breeze pick up slightly, causing a spooky howling as it passed through the shack toward the two men. Jason nearly gagged at the smell of rotting flesh as a result. He turned away briefly and lifted his hand to his mouth, fighting the urge for several moments, and then braced himself and turned back. 
“That building marks the perimeter of the leper colony,” Talon explained. He ignored the flakes of snow that were beginning to frost the ground around them. “It actually extends a few feet beyond the small cabin, but I think it’s best to not go any closer than we are now. We’ll continue northwest now to the iron mine.”
And not a moment too soon for you, I’m sure, Jason sympathized. As Talon began moving his horse again, Jason cast a glance toward the shack again, just in time to glimpse a slight movement in one of the broken windows. He paused, staring, wondering if it had been his overactive imagination playing tricks on him. After several long moments of seeing no more movement, he shrugged and turned to follow after Talon, who had not noticed Jason did not immediately follow him.
From the cabin, eyes full of hopelessness gazed after them, longing for the freedom to walk the lands of Jennai, to take in its beauty, and to walk among other people as they once had.
Chapter Forty-One | The Iron Mine
Hours later, when the sun was well hidden behind a dense covering of clouds and snow still drifted on a cold wind, Talon drew them to a halt again and climbed off his horse. They were in a thicket of trees, well off the path to the mine in case anyone was on guard.
The temperature was at least a few degrees lower than earlier in the day and Jason briefly wondered if he was frostbite would soon become an issue. It was so cold it hurt to breathe deeply, so he had been taking quick, short breaths through a scarf for hours.
He climbed down from his own horse and looked to Talon, who said, “We’ll leave the horses here. We’re getting close and I don’t want them giving away our presence.”
Jason nodded silently. His stomach was tight. He was nervous, and it showed. Talon looked at him for a moment and said, “If you like, you may stay here and watch the horses. I can go on alone.”
Jason forced a smile and shook his head. “You’ve helped me too much for me to abandon you now, Talon,” he returned. “I may not be looking forward to the danger we might be entering into, but I won’t wait here while you risk your life alone.”
Talon grinned and turned to lead his horse and the mules toward the low hanging branches of a nearby tree. The tree was an old redwood and he set to tying the animals to the branches. Jason did the same to his horse and watched as Talon checked his sword and knives, put his bow over his shoulders and made a final check of the horses. Reaching with nervous and cold fingers grabbed his staff and bow with its quiver of arrows as well. He was hesitant with the bow, but quickly decided it would be best to bring it with him, just as Talon had decided to bring his own.
As he prepared himself to move up a nearby slope, Jason looked about and wondered where the wolves, Reaper and Sheba could have disappeared to. He hadn’t seen them since the night before. He would have preferred the comfort of having them along for protection, but the wolves had minds and desires of their own.
Talon claimed they often disappeared for days, but always found their way back to him, even if he had moved on. Jason found the explanation of little comfort, especially now that they were approaching the mines, but kept his thoughts to himself.
He hefted and looked at the staff before him, thinking that he should have practiced with it more. Talon was watching him with concern, he realized.
“I’ll be fine,” Jason said, though he was nowhere close to sure it was true. “Maybe everything is alright at the mine and nothing will happen.”
Talon frowned. “There is little chance that something unseemly isn’t going on there, Jason Branton,” he replied. “But I’ve no wish to enter into a battle. I hope only to observe, and take what I learn to my father. He will decide what actions should be taken.”
What Talon intended seemed reasonable enough, though Jason thought silently that the best of plans often went awry. He patted his horse gently. “We’ll return soon, old boy, and then you can carry me to a warmer place.”
Talon gave a low laugh. At Jason’s questioning look, he simply said, “That’s not a boy.” He turned and moved off into the trees, leaving the blushing Branton to catch up.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~ 

It took nearly an hour to reach the ridge that overlooked the entrance to the iron mine because they took their time to move silently and carefully. The two men got on their bellies and crawled the last few paces to gaze out of the shrubs toward the mine, some fifty yards distant and below them.
Soldiers dressed like the ones that had attacked them at the Forger’s Inn stood guard outside the mine, and a stead line of workers carried heavy rocks out of the mine and placed them into a nearby wagon. Tents were erected in an area to the left of the cave entrance, among them one larger than the others, and more finely made. Two guards stood outside the entrance to that tent as well. On the right of the mine entrance was a short open area, and then a small ravine that curved slightly toward the mine, and then away and ended a short distance from the foot of the mountain in which the mine had been created. The ravine looked water worn, but had short trees, shrubs and bushes growing within it as well.
Jason Branton glanced at Talon. He was unmoving as he stared intently at the happenings before them, his eyes shifting back and forth, taking in all he saw. Cautiously shifting his weight, Jason looked back toward the mine. As they watched, a man broke away from the others with a pail in hand and approached the ravine. He dumped the contents of the bucket into the ravine and turned back to the camp. The man was dirty and tired looking, obviously near exhaustion. He walked toward the tents, passing buy several soldiers in deep conversation who barely paid him notice. Jason strained to hear the words, but the soldiers comments were too distant to make out.
He and Talon lay on the ground for more than an hour before Talon finally signaled Jason to ease back into the trees. Once there, he glanced around in search of danger and looked at Jason.
“I am going to get closer to the mine to see if I can overhear any something useful,” he remarked.
Jason shook his head. “I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he whispered. “If you’re seen they could kill you.”
“If they try they will find more than they bargain for,” Talon returned. “You will stay here, watching from where the trees are thicker along the ridge. Be careful to not be seen. When I am finished, we’ll continue our journey and I’ll have some knowledge of what is going on here for my father to hear.”
Jason Branton wasn’t one bit happy about Talon’s decision. A familiar feeling of dread came over him, but he knew he would not be able to talk Talon out of going. “How will you get closer?” He asked.
Talon nodded to the right. “I’ll circle wide and enter the ravine, then move closer so that I can hear better what the men say when they speak. No matter what you see, do not give away your position. Understood?”
Jason nodded and Talon handed him his bow and sword, saying that he would take only his knife so as to not make any noise and to move more freely. After assuring Jason he would be careful, Talon moved off into the trees to their right, toward the ravine. Jason sighed and turned back toward the ridge. He moved slightly right and began making his way back up into the thicker of the trees and bushes. Finally, under adequate cover, he settled down to watch the scene below again.
From his perch, Jason eventually noticed a slight movement in the ravine. It wasn’t much. Bushes slowly parted, nothing more. He stared intently and caught a glimpse of Talon’s back as he inched his way forward under the cover of shrubs. Turning back toward the mine, Jason watched as the men below went about their work. Several long minutes passed. Once, an officer called several others to him and issued commands. The soldiers he had been speaking to moved off to the west, way from Talon, the ravine and the mine itself.
Jason looked as they disappeared into the trees in that direction. Suspicion flooded his mind, and he turned back to look into the ravine. He could see Talon nowhere below.
Minutes passed, and then more still. Finally, Jason saw Talon’s head appear from the bushes in the ravine, where it ran closest to the mine entrance. Jason shook his head. Talon was within twenty-five feet of the soldiers that guarded the entrance to the mine. Jason felt his mouth dry at the thought of his benefactor taking so dangerous a risk. He watched as Talon listened to the nearby soldiers conversing. They seemed at ease and facing away from the ravine.
For close to half an hour, Jason watched as Talon listened in to the conversation of the men. Eventually the man with the bucket came to the edge of the ravine again and Talon had to duck under the cover of bushes while the man dumped the contents over the edge into the ravine, only feet from him. But the man didn’t see him and was soon walking back toward the camp again. Ten more minutes passed, and Talon disappeared into the brush again, this time to make his way back out of the ravine.
All seemed good.
Just when Jason thought they might leave the mine behind without incident, he noticed a slight movement at the entrance to the ravine. Realizing Talon would not have progressed so far yet, Jason gazed intently at the spot he had seen the movement, unsure of its origin. After a minute another bush moved slightly, a few feet away from the first. Talon was almost there, only a few dozen feet to go, when Jason saw a slight reflection of light off the iron blade of a sword.
Someone was hiding in the bushes at the entrance to the ravine, waiting to ambush Talon. Jason bit back a cry of warning. Talon had told him to keep still if anything happened so he did not give away his own presence. He watched in horror as Talon eased his way toward the ambush, unknowingly approaching death or capture.
Thoughts raced through his mind as he considered what actions he might take. He knew he would not be able to retreat and make his way around to the ravine in time to help Talon. Even if he could, he was unlikely to be of much help. If he tried to warn Talon in some way it would give away his own position. He thought briefly of the bow strung across his back. He could fire a warning arrow near Talon, but that also might give away his presence.
In the end, he knew he could do nothing but watch as Talon was surely attacked and injured or killed. He prayed fervently as he watched Talon move into the awaiting trap, nearly breathless with concern.
An oblivious Talon was taken by surprise moments later. The attack came in an instant and several men leapt out of the bushes and brought their swords to bear against him. Jason watched as Talon blocked one sword with the knife he had immediately drawn from his belt. But the remaining three men were on him in an instant, pummeling him with their fists, disarming him and finally dragging him up out of the ravine toward their commanding officer.
Chapter Forty-Two | To Run or Not to Run?
Where the bushes were thickest on the ridge, Jason Branton crouched in the deepest shadows available, watching and trying to think. The sun was already sinking on the western horizon, and the sky was dark gray with clouds so thick that the canopy of trees over him nearly blotted out the daylight. He had been hiding there, pressed against the trunk of a conifer for what seemed an eternity, though he knew it could not have been more than an hour at most. He went over and over in his mind idea after idea, trying to think of a way that he could help his benefactor.
After being told by Talon to remain on the ridge, hidden in the shrubs overlooking the mine, Jason had kept himself well hidden. Only minutes had passed, and during that time he saw Talon dragged helplessly before the commander of the men below. The man wore upon his face a grin of satisfaction as he backhanded Talon across the face several times.
The men gathered around them, including the ones holding Talon firmly, laughed at the young mercenary’s pain and suffering. He didn’t fight back, and Jason realized the weakened form he was watching was more alert than he was letting on.
With a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, Jason guessed that Talon had been unable to hear enough of what was being said, and when the ambush had been sprung, he had allowed himself to be captured, probably with the intent of learning more of the happenings in the mine. It explained why the warrior had been taken so easily.
Branton watched as the leader of the men working the mine, a soldier of some sort, continued to strike Talon with his fists while his men firmly their prisoner. Laughing at their captive, they hefted him higher so that he did not collapse from the blow. The commander held Talon’s face up with his palm and said something to him, then let go, watching Talons head fall forward.
Not knowing what he should do or how to help Jason kept hidden, watching the treatment of the man. Finally, he could stand no more. He decided he had to help Talon in some way, perhaps create a diversion of some sort. He decided to use the bow that was strung across his back. Cautiously, he eased it lose and rose to a half-standing position, one knee firmly on the stone and earth that covered the ridge, still hidden by the plants around him. Reaching into the quiver, he withdrew an arrow and notched it to the drawstring. His hands shook with fearful anticipation as he raised the bow, drew the string back, aimed high, and released.
It was a great distance, at least fifty yards, but his arrow flew further than he would have imagined possible. He watched as it reached its upper arc and began its descent toward Talon and the men holding him. For a brief moment, he feared his arrow would strike the man he was attempting to assist. He whispered a fast prayer under his breath as he reached for another arrow, not bothering to look away from the first.
Finally, the arrow struck its target, however unintended the target was. The commander of the soldiers screamed in pain as the arrow buried itself into his foot, pinning it to the ground with surprising force. The other soldiers stared down at it in shock, and Jason saw Talon suddenly look his way, frowning. Jason raised to a standing position now, exposing himself as he stepped out of the trees on the open part of the ridge and knocked another arrow. He drew the string back and let it fly, not really aiming. The arrow sailed high and true…and struck the ground five feet short of the commander.
The men holding Talon turned toward the ridge, distracted briefly, and Talon slipped free in a flash. He reached his hand down to the hilt of a sword worn by one of his captors and drew it out so quickly the man he had taken it from had no time to react. By now, several men were pointing at Jason, who stood boldly on the ridge for all to see. He yelled loudly, challenging all who saw him. Talon was a blur of motion, stepping between soldiers who were so distracted they missed his movement until they felt his blade slice through the gaps in their armor.
Three of them were down before the commander called a warning, suddenly fearing for his own life now. Soldiers rushed from the camp, leaving their fires and tents, brandishing swords wildly as they charged toward the ridge. The commander, through his pain, ordered other men to disarm Talon. They were on him in seconds and he once again went down, hopelessly outnumbered, though he fought hard and injured two more men.
The commander sank to the ground on one knee, trying to figure out what to do about the arrow embedded in his foot, yelling for a healer. The group of soldiers charging toward the ridge drew closer, and Branton could hear the commander shouting orders frantically, yelling for them to kill the man who had wounded him.
Jason Branton watched them come for a moment more, and then turned to make his way quickly down the slope of the ridge.
Chapter Forty-Three| Run, Jason, Run
A frantic Jason Branton’s first instinct had been to run. And run he did. He turned away and rushed recklessly down the ridge, pausing just long enough to grab his staff but leaving Talon’s weapons where they lay at the foot of the ridge. He wasted no time, running in the only direction he knew to run…back the way he and Talon had come earlier in the day. He tripped on a root once and skidded on the ground, leaving his imprint and skid marks in the light coating of snow. He used the staff to climb back to his feet and looked behind him. He was leaving a trail, his footprints clear on the frost covered ground. He knew there was no time to cover his tracks, and frankly he was too afraid to take the time anyway.
He knew his only hope was to put as much distance as he could between himself and the men pursuing him, hoping they would eventually give up the chase. He could hear the soldiers as they scoured the forest for him, slowly moving closer to his position. He watched and listened for the slightest hint of their presence near his position, because he knew that if he remained where he was, he would be discovered eventually. After catching his breath, he knew it was time for him to get out of there, to move again, but he was as yet undecided what he should do. The voices of the men were already between he and the horses, cutting him off from gaining a speedy escape.
Alone, he was no match for the soldiers that pursued him, nor was he a match for their counterparts at the mine. There was little or likely no chance that he would be able to free Talon by himself. Even if there were, the two of them were sorely outnumbered, especially given the fact that Jason had no idea how to fight. He suddenly wished he had a gun of some sort, but such weapons were unheard of in this world he found himself in. He thought briefly of the Sword of Truth he had left back with the horses, but knew he could not reach it now, and even if he could, it would be little more than a tennis racket in his hands. As the shouts of soldiers grew closer, he desperately tried to think.
He knew he needed help, but from where?
Go back.
The only direction he knew was the way they had come, back toward Selman Ri. But the village was several days distant by horseback. By the time he arrived there on foot, got help and returned, Talon might not be alive. He wasn’t even sure he could survive on foot long enough to reach Flint Beltide at the Forger’s Inn. He had no blankets with him. Those were with the horses and mules. All he had were the clothes on his back and he knew they would prove to be of little comfort as night fell and the snows continued to drift from the now heavy clouds above.
He could go off in another direction, but he could be lost forever without knowing where to travel. Besides, Talon had said there was little civilization for weeks after they passed the iron mine.
What was left?
Going back the way they had come was certainly the best plan he could think of. He knew he had to do something besides cower under the cover of the trees surrounding him. He could hear the searching soldiers moving closer, still somewhat distant, but nearer. To say he was frightened would be an understatement. His training as an army engineer back on earth was long in the past and he had forgotten most of the survival skills he’d learned in boot camp. He was now in his forties and nowhere near in as good shape as he was in the past. He realized that if his pursuers found the trail he was leaving on the frosty ground, he would be hard pressed to outrun them. But he really had no other choice, did he? He had to try…for himself and for Talon. At least the ground wasn’t fully covered by snow just yet. There were still patches of ground so far protected by the barren branches above. But that would not last long. Already, he could tell the snowfall was increasing in quantity…still not heavy, but well on its way to being so.
Could he hide?
He doubted it. The surrounding forest was barren, and even the leaves on the occasional shrubs had long since fallen to the ground.
So he determined that he needed to go where they could not follow. Where would that be? Anywhere he could travel, any other man was likely able to, especially these soldiers who sought him out now. They were likely younger than he was, and in better condition. And they were more familiar with the territory of the wintery forest. He was a stranger in a strange world. The only knowledge he had was where he had recently travelled.
He prayed briefly, not knowing what else to do.
“Lord, I need help,” he whispered into the surrounding pines. “Help me decide what to do.”
Go to the Leper Colony, Jason.
He closed his eyes and thought back to the journey from Selman Ri to the mines. The only other place where help could be found would be the leper colony, but that was no true help at all. Those people were sick and infectious. They were in no condition to help, and he would risk his own health if he fled there.
But the soldiers were unlikely to enter the colony, weren’t they? It may be the one place within range that they would not follow him, if he could actually make it there. It was also more dangerous to Jason than the mines themselves. To go to the colony could lead to his contracting of the wasting disease.
He shook his head at his cowardice. Where was his faith? He talked a good talk to others, but now that his own faith was being tested, was it nowhere to be found?
He considered again the leper colony. It was half a day away by horseback. He and Talon had ridden most of the distance at a leisurely pace, but it would take longer for him to reach the colony on foot…perhaps most of the night. At least the soldiers pursuing him had not taken the time to get horses, or he would stand no chance to stay ahead of them. If they figured out his direction though, they could send men back for horses.
He would need to move quickly and with little time to rest in order to make it to the colony before they could capture him. And what would he do once he arrived there? He would be safe from his pursuers most likely, but he would also be trapped there or risk spreading the infection that had already ostracized the poor people of the colony. The colony could well become his tomb.
In the end, he knew he had no other option. He decided to make a try for the leper colony and make the best of things when…if…he made it there.
Once again, he gazed into the forest around him, looking for any sign of the soldiers. He could hear them fairly well now. Their armor and weapons made it impossible for them to move quietly through the thick forest. But they didn’t need stealth, they had strength and numbers.
Jason moved cautiously out of his place of hiding and in the only direction he knew…back toward the leper colony…wondering all the while if he were making the biggest mistake of his life.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Reaper and Sheba watched as Jason was pursued. The two wolves’ first instinct was to protect him from harm as their master would wish. They were about to do so when they heard a sudden voice command them to stop. The voice spoke into their minds, not their ears.
Stay. He must do this thing himself.
So they remained hidden from sight within the darkness and the bushes, watching at first, and then they finally turned away, obeying the voice of the Creator.
Chapter Forty-Four | A Near Death Experience
He lost track of the hours throughout the remainder of the afternoon and well into the night. He was still ahead of his pursuers, though not by a wide margin, perhaps barely. They had guessed his direction, probably believing he was fleeing back to Selman Ri. They were more confident now and closing the gap. He had long since left the road, figuring that it left him too exposed and that if the soldiers somehow acquired horses moving through the forest would prove more difficult for them. On foot, he was able to maneuver well enough, but the relentless men behind him could be heard as they pursued him. At first, he had been able to stretch the distance between them, but now they had at least partially guessed his direction of travel. They were getting closer and they were not about to give up the chase.
He stopped under the branches of a tall snow laden fir, placing a hand on the cold and moist bark trunk of the tree to steady himself as he rested. His breathing was labored and he was exhausted and cold. His legs were screaming at him, and he knew if he were to sit he would not be able to rise once more. They were already shaking with the effort of holding him up. He thought of the bed back in the Forger’s Inn and how comfortable it would feel, but quickly pushed those thoughts away, fearing they would make him even more tired than he felt already. Besides, he hadn’t been safe there either.
With great effort he forced himself to start moving again. Closer and closer his pursuers sounded. He wondered, and not for the first time during his flight, how much further the leper colony was. The forest was dark now, and through the canopy of branches above, he could see the heavy white snowfall easily falling through to the ground. It was unbelievably dark, and to honest he wasn’t even sure if he had lost his bearings or not. It was getting colder…so much colder. He wore a heavy cloak, but it had grown damp with the sweat he had generated throughout his flight. If he didn’t find shelter soon, he would be very likely freeze in the frigid night temperatures without blankets or a fire. He dared not risk a fire to warm himself by, not with the men chasing him through the darkness. A fire would be a beacon to the men seeking him.
He wondered how much longer he could last at this pace. Already he had slowed considerably, too tired and too thirsty to do more than stumble along, using the staff to keep him from collapsing. This too was helping his pursuers catch up to him.
His chest hurt. He was breathing so hard that the cold felt like fire in his throat and chest, making him feel like every breath was freezing as it entered his body. He knew he could not last much longer. 
All at once he finally broke free of the tree line. It was so unexpected he came up short, his feet nearly slipping out from under him. He hunched forward, hands tightly gripping the staff, and gasped for breath. He was vaguely aware of the frost his rapid breathing left hanging in the air before him. He was more aware of the closeness of the men after him, and could hear their shouts. They knew they were near their prey and were purposely making noise to panic him further. He knew was running quickly out of space between him and his pursuers. He looked ahead and saw the shack that marked the outskirts of the leper colony not more than fifty yards away, and the old wood wagon not far from it. But his time was rapidly running short. The soldiers were dangerously close now, maybe only a few minutes behind him, maybe less. He began staggering across the nearby trail toward the colony. His feet and legs were weak and his chest was ready to burst. He almost lost his footing several times, once dropping to a knee and nearly collapsing completely. He would have done so if not for the staff, which he used to catch himself.
But he fought through his pain and exhaustion and kept moving. He was twenty feet or so from the cover of the building, the deserted looking shack whose roof was partially collapsed from the ravages of nature and weather, when the first of his pursuers burst from the trees behind him. The man who appeared first yelled to his fellows, excited at being the first to spot their quarry. Others appeared, but Jason kept his focus to the shack. It was a beacon of hope, a place of safety. Gone were his fears of the wasting disease. He could hear the soldiers running behind him now, giving chase.
Arrows struck the ground around Jason as he stumbled forward, not many, but three at least. He ignored them and kept moving, only about six feet from the wall of the shack now.
Suddenly he heard a scream and a growl so loud and fierce he chanced a glance back at the men. Something large and white had attacked his pursuers and they were suddenly fighting for their lives.
Another white creature leapt from the shadows and attacked the soldiers, but there were now more coming from the trees beyond. There were shouts and yelling, and Jason turned to keep on fleeing toward the worn shack, hoping it would offer some sort of protection from the men and the beasts that even now attacked them.
Arrows continued to strike the earth around him and one whistled pass his ear. If he had not been so exhausted, had not been stumbling already, he knew he would have been hit by now. As it was, he finally reached the wall of the shack, nearly collapsing against it. An arrow stuck just inches from his head, and another narrowly missed his left hand. He looked back to see several of the soldiers breaking away from the attacking beasts to pursue him. He looked at the horrific scene behind him as the beasts continued to tear into their prey.
He suddenly recognized them…they were Reaper and Sheba, returned from wherever they had disappeared to…now protecting him.
As men moved toward him, he stumbled to the right corner of the shack and moved around it, finding a doorway on the backside. He had nothing left inside him and knew he could not keep running. He pushed his way through the broken doorframe and collapsed on the remains of a broken door and the dirty floor of the shack. The staff fell from his half frozen fingers, and skidded across the cluttered floor. He gripped his chest, the pain stabbing as he tried to catch his breath, tried to regain some energy. Knowing he was still vulnerable, still at risk.
But his vision turned blurry and blackness closed in around him. He knew he was losing consciousness even as he fought against it, and he tried to fight it, but his chest hurt so badly and his legs were so weak he could do nothing but lie where he fell. Within moments, the darkness had consumed him as he resigned himself into what could only be death’s waiting arms.
Chapter Forty-Five | The Leper
Out of the darkest shadows of the interior of the shack, a lone figure moved into the dim moonlight. A man covered in rags and torn robes turned toward the sound of arrows striking the outer wall of the structure, and he heard the vicious sounds of the two wolves attacking the men without. He looked again at the man collapsed on the splintered floor before him. The unconscious man was here now, there was no discounting it. He was exposed, infected. There was no more freedom or hope for him. The man shook his head sadly and turned his attention to the sound of other men approaching screaming and battling for their lives.
The man in rags limped with great effort to the damaged doorway and stepped out of the rundown shack just as a soldier made his way around the corner. As soon as the soldier saw the man in rags, he stumbled backward into another of his fellows, afraid of being exposed to the relentless disease the man in rags suffered from. Several slipped on the frosty ground as they frantically backed away from this sudden, new threat. They scrambled back around the corner and the man in rags followed slowly, his limbs torn and corrupted by a disease that showed no mercy.
The other soldiers were busy fighting the wolves, but heard the panicked shouts of their fellows. Several turned and saw the man step into view and immediately realized he was carrying the illness. A few glared at the man in rags, then cursed and turned away from the man and the wolves, apparently deciding their prey was as good as dead already now that he was exposed to the wasting sickness.
The man in rags watched the soldiers fade into the trees, the wolves in pursuit. He stood for several minutes after they had gone, listening to the snarls and yelling as he suspected several other soldiers met their deaths at the hands of the massive snow wolves. He finally moved back around the building and reentered the shack to check on the unconscious man. He was going nowhere soon, and the man in rags was in no condition to move the man himself. He covered the man with the only two blankets he had in the shack, and then limped back out the door and started making his way further into the colony to get the help of his fellows. He felt remorse for the man in the shack…when he awakened, he would do so to a nightmare worse than the one he had been fleeing. Death would have been a more welcoming embrace, a blessing.
As he walked through the trees into the waiting colony, he regretted that the gods of Saran were not worthy of prayer, for the unconscious man needed their intervention if he were to have any hope of surviving. But the limping and diseased man knew it would be a useless gesture to call out to those who called themselves gods. They had long ago abandoned the colony to the curses they had visited upon them.
Chapter Forty-Six | The King of Lepers
Jason Branton became aware that he was alive minutes before he had the strength to actually open his eyes. He heard clearly the labored breathing of those around him as he lay on something soft and warm. The memories of being chased by the soldiers from the mine flooded back, and he vaguely remembered running for his life and ending up…where?
The leper colony.
His eyes snapped open with the realization and he raised his head. He was awarded by with a sharp pain emanating from his scalp, and a moan involuntarily escaped his lips. He closed his eyes against the pain and raised a hand to feel his head. A bandage of some sort had been applied to his scalp. He heard the low whine of concern from an animal nearby.
“Rest, my friend” said a whispery voice from next to him. “You have been through much.”
Jason slowly opened his eyes and looked at the speaker. It was a man, or at least he thought it might be a man. He was in terrible condition, with infected sores and scars covering his face and hands. Rags and a torn robe covered most of his body and the man’s face was badly contorted in a sneer. His upper lip was swollen horrendously and was pulled back on one side to reveal rotted teeth. Jason was speechless.
“My appearance is unsettling to you,” the man commented with effort. “I am sorry for that. The disease has ravaged me badly.”
The man had leprosy. Of course, thought Branton. And now I probably do as well. He took a deep breath and let it out. His head still hurt badly. He looked through his fingers at the man, noticing fingers that were short and stubbed.
“Your head struck the floor when you collapsed,” the hideous man replied. “I dressed it as best I could. The skin was not broken at least, though you will have a bump for a week or so.”
Jason was still speechless. A feeling of doom had settled over him. Would he look like this poor man one day all because of a disease that was treatable on Earth? He shook his head as tears filled his eyes.
“Ah,” his benefactor replied. “You have come to realize where you are.”
Jason looked at him again. The man seemed to be frowning, but given the condition of his face, he just couldn’t be sure. The effort looked more like an evil grin. He realized how badly his reaction could hurt this man who had been shunned by the world around him simply because he was unlucky enough to get sick.
“I’m sorry,” Jason said after taking a moment to calm himself. “The men that chased me, are they still near?”
“Written you off for dead, they have, sir,” the man answered. “They will not risk venturing into our colony, and they will assume you would never leave this place alive as well…and rightly so I suppose.”
A fair assumption given the circumstances, thought Branton. Though he would have to leave if he were to be of any help to Talon, who was still a prisoner at the iron mine…and he would have to convince this man and his people to leave the colony to assist his rescue effort. But was it a fair thing to ask? For them to leave the colony would not only put their own safety at risk, but it would put the countryside at risk as well. Was it the right thing to do, even to save the life of his friend?
It was true. Talon had become a friend to him. He wasn’t sure when the transition had happened, but it had. He knew he had to do something to help him.
He thought suddenly of the two wolves that had saved his life as he reached the colony. Glancing around, he saw both lying nearby in a corner. Sheba’s head was raised and looking at him. She whined in concern.
So the two wolves had entered the colony as well. He felt a heavy sadness. How would the disease affect the canines and the litter of pups growing in Sheba’s belly? He shook his head with regret, ignoring his own pain.
He tried to think. The Father would not desire to infect a world with leprosy or any other disease. It was the devil who came to steal, kill and destroy, not the Father. Christ himself had said that he was sent by the Father not to condemn the world, but to save it. So spreading the disease by leaving the colony would be of no help to anyone. No, he thought. There had to be a way through this. The Father would provide.
Jason became acutely aware that his caretaker was staring at him and waiting for him to speak. He cleared his throat and did so. “You seem to have saved my life. The people of Jennai are making a habit of that lately. What is your name, sir?”
“Tanis,” the man replied. “Tanis Halford. Though I do not think you will consider my help a good thing once the disease takes hold of your body. I am sorry that you came here for help, yet will find only a long drawn out death.”
“Maybe,” Jason responded. As his thoughts focused, he decided it was time again that he put his trust in someone other than himself, his moment of panic coming to an end. “Things are not always as they seem…Tanis. My name is Jason Branton…you may call me Jason if you like.”
Again Jason tried to sit up, and this time succeeded. His strength was slowly returning as well. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, closed his eyes and let his dizziness pass. His leg muscles were sore beyond belief from earlier ordeal but felt stronger than they did last night.
Tanis watched him and said with regret, “This colony is cursed, my friend…Jason. I wish it was not so, but it is. Our lack of faith visited the wrath of the gods upon us. They punish us because we refused to pay homage to their corrupt ways. Because you are here you are now under the same curse.”
“I have noticed, Tanis,” Branton remarked, and then looked up at the deformed man. “That the gods of Jennai seem to be a jealous bunch. I’m not overly concerned about them though. They hold no power over me.”
He remembered the plan Jehovah had for him, and he remembered the words of Gabriel, the angel. He quickly understood that God would not lead him to this sickly place without reason. An army, Gabe had said. Well, maybe it was time to put that to a test.
“You scoff at the gods,” Tanis replied with an ugly grin. “You will fit well here then, Jason.” He walked to a nearby table and poured water into a goblet, and then handed it to Jason. “Drink this,” he said. “The water will help clear your mind and moisten your throat.”
Jason looked at the man as he thanked him with a nod. After a moment, he asked, “Why did you reject the gods of Saran, Tanis?”
Tanis shrugged. “They are a selfish, greedy bunch. They have power, but instead of using it to help their followers, they manipulate and take. They have their way with women by taking the forms of their husbands or forcing themselves on helpless women. We do not view this as godly behavior. We view it as evil behavior.” He sighed. “Unfortunately, the gods of Saran do not take kindly to such talk.”
“I see.” Jason put his feet on the floor and made an effort to stand. He was feeling better by the minute. His legs were still weak and a little wobbly, but he felt some of their strength had returned. He was a little lightheaded but it quickly passed.
Tanis continued explaining. “We resist the gods, even though they heap sickness and disease upon us,” he smirked and drool dribbled down his chin. He didn’t seem to notice.
“We have dreams though, dreams that bring us peace at night and are sent by another. He promises salvation and healing. We wait for it. Zeus and his flock of self-righteous demi-gods cannot cause our belief to waiver. The one in the dreams tells us that all will be well.”
Jason was shocked. It was as though God had foreseen this day, this need, and prepared the way. He realized that was exactly what God had done. It was yet another confirmation of the things Gabriel had told him. Best of all, he knew he had no need to fear infection. He knew everything would work toward His plan.
“Tell me, Tanis,” Jason asked as he finished the thought and stretched the stiffness out of his limbs, the suddenly revelation giving him new energy. “Does this visitor in your dreams have a name? Is it Jehovah?”
Tanis nodded happily. “You have the dreams as well, friend Jason?” He asked with excitement. “Does he speak to you in your sleep?”
Jason smiled. God did indeed provide a way, sometimes when it was least expected. “I sometimes have dreams from him. Other times I speak with him. He is my God, and he is unlike any of the gods of Saran. In fact, they likely fear his wrath. This may sound bold, but I believe he has led me here to heal you and your people.” It was indeed a very bold statement, but one that Jason suddenly believed completely.
Tanis worked his mouth as though he wished to speak, but was unable to. He took a step back, eyes wide with shock and he reached for the nearby table to steady himself. “We of the colony have long suffered through false hope,” he begged. “So long have we people of this village suffered. Zeus and his cursed gods have heaped upon us many hardships in that time. The dreams are all that we have to give us the will to live. Do not make light of them. Do not mock us with false statements.”
It was then that a third voice spoke in the doorway. “He does not mock you, Tanis Halford.”
Both men turned. Before them stood Gabriel the angel in heavenly splendor, and he was smiling at them warmly. He wore white robes, had golden hair and a sword hung in its scabbard tied to his waist. Golden sandals were bound to his feet. Jason recognized him instantly with a golden cord.
“Gabriel,” he said with bated breath. “So it’s true then?”
Tanis dropped to his knees in immediate supplication. Jason very nearly did the same, but was familiar enough to know this is not what the angel desired. Still, Gabriel was the most magnificent creature he had ever laid his eyes upon. Had he not had a tall bed to his back for support, he probably would have collapsed backward from the glory alone.
Gabriel stepped before Tanis and knelt to his level in a single fluid motion. “Tanis Halford, fear not. Jason Branton is sent by the one who visits as you slumber. Jehovah will heal your colony through the hands of this man. Will you help him in turn? Will you and your people fight for him according to Jehovah’s will?”
Tanis buried his face in the dirt-covered floorboards and whimpered. “Yes!” He was unable to say anything more as he trembled.
Gabe stood to look at Jason. He smiled. “Here is the start of your army, Jason Branton. The gods of Saran and the people of Jennai shunned these people. The Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit embrace them. The choice is theirs to make, but you have within you the power to win them over. Share the Word with them. Show them the truth.”
The angel stomped his foot hard and dust rose from the wood floor as he shouted, “Let this colony be invisible to the eyes of the gods of Saran and those that serve them. No more shall these children be afflicted but rather, let them be glorified in body and spirit!”
Sudden brilliant light rose from the impact of Gabriel’s foot on the floor. It encompassed the shack and continued to grow in brilliance and size, passing through the walls of the cabin as if they did not exist. Like a whirl wind it spread outside, sweeping over, under and through the surrounding buildings. The people of the colony all gasped as one and hid their eyes from the brightness, feeling a change sweep over their surroundings even as they did so. The cold of the winter snows was blocked away and the ice on the ground melted. The barren trees began to grow leaves at such a rapid rate that they were soon lush and full. Fruit suddenly hung from the branches of trees. The light shot into the water well the colony shared, and fresh, clean water shot skyward, and then receded into the well once more.
Gabriel looked once more to Tanis, whose head was raised, watching the angel in amazement. The angel smiled and said, “No more will this place be called after a disease and curse! Let it be called New Zion from this day forward, in homage to the one true God!”
And with that, the light returned to Gabriel in a tremendous flash that temporarily blinded both Jason and Tanis. When the light faded, they could see clearly once more, but Gabriel was gone.
“Wow,” was all Jason Branton could say.
“Shades,” was Tanis’ reply.
In the corner of the room, Reaper and Sheba laid as though nothing had changed…but it had.
Chapter Forty-Seven | The Good News
Jason Branton stood before the people of New Zion, men, women and what few children remained of the colony. He had talked with them, told them of God’s promise. It had taken time, but he had prayed over every one of them as well. The results had been mixed.
The women and children had been healed completely. Gone were the scabs, broken bones and scars. They stood healthy and beautiful before him.
But the results on the men had been drastically different. Their wounds were healed. Their broken bones mended. But their scars remained, leaving them looking very much still infected and contagious. The men all agreed they felt healed and that they felt stronger than they had ever felt in the past. The men seemed content, but Branton was confused until Tanis Halford spoke to him privately only minutes before they had gathered. Jason remembered the conversation.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

“Do not fear that we are not healed, holy one. Our bodies feel healthy, our wounds are gone,” he said. “For all intent, we are whole.”
“But the scars remain,” murmured Jason, disgruntled. “It makes no sense to me. Why would Jehovah heal your wounds and not your scars?”
Tanis shook his head. “We go to do battle with your enemies, Jason Branton,” he explained. “Would they not fear us all the more if they believe us still infected?”
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

It had made sense. The men of New Zion refused to bathe, to wash the dirt and grime…and the memory of the disease away. They would use their appearance to their advantage because they believed this is what Branton’s…what their God desired.
The smell of death still hung upon them, and they refused to cleanse themselves of it. Let their enemies fear their touch, they said. It wasn’t long before they had also discovered a new found strength as well. Each of the men seemed twice as strong as most other men, and twice as fast as well.
Jason looked over the people gathered before him, amazed at the movement of the Spirit that had made them whole. Never before had he experienced such an inconceivable movement of the healing power of the Spirit of God. It was more than a little overwhelming as he gazed out at the assembled crown. They rejoiced freely, tears of happiness flowing down their dampened cheeks.
Aside from the women and children, there were at least thirty men, maybe a few more than that. The men carried weapons of all sorts...swords, staves, maces…even tools to use as weapons. They looked fearsome and determined. Tanis lifted Jason’s staff and handed it to him. Jason gripped it firmly and considered the danger he was leading…yes, leading! – these men into.
The reality struck him anew. Soon, he would be in battle with these men. He would fight. He would possibly harm or kill another human being. It all seemed so alien to him now. He regretted the need for it…more so than he cared to admit. But even in the Bible there had been wars, and God’s children had fought in them. And he was determined to save the life of Talon.
He looked out at the people of New Zion, aptly named for the new life that had flowed into it’s people. They were talking animatedly amongst themselves, and Jason raised his arms to quiet them. It took a minute or two, but eventually they took notice and silenced.
“Before we go to help my friend, before this war begins,” he began. “I want to tell you some more things about Jehovah and how he is our rear guard as we ride.”
And so he did. Over the next hour or so, he told the people of New Zion about the birth of the universe and the sacrifice of the Lamb of God. He had delivered this message many times before, but this time took on a new meaning. He continued with some quotes from Psalms and Proverbs, gifting them with the promises and wisdom of the Father.
And when he was done, the people of New Zion worshiped and praised, and he did so with them. Roughly two hours later the men said their goodbyes to their wives and children, secure in faith that their families would be well looked after by Jehovah.
The men knew the battle at the iron mine would be only the beginning, and they were sworn to protect and serve Jason Branton as he went about the Lord’s work. They carried within them no fear of Scarborough’s men, nor of the gods of Saran they now knew to be false. They strode forth by foot, with no horses to ride, for the horses the colony once possessed had long since perished.
Together with Tanis Halford at his side, Jason led his small army into the forest along the trail leading to the distant iron mine. Ahead, both Reaper and Sheba sprinted, this time remaining close by as though they sensed their master was in danger and these men could help him.
Each of the men wore the ragged and worn clothing that protected them from the cold and the heavily falling snow outside the perimeter of New Zion, the same clothes that marked them for the disease they no longer carried. Even Jason had donned a set of the rags and robes, concealing his own beneath so that he would gain the same advantage.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Halfway through the day the men briefly stopped for a short rest. The men of New Zion didn’t seem to need it, but Branton was breathing hard with the effort. His legs still ached, but he kept himself well hydrated with water. With each proceeding step closer to the iron mines though, the achiness in his limbs decreased as though God were strengthening him for what lay ahead.
While the men watched the surrounding forest, alert for any sign of attack, Tanis Halford approached Jason and smiled.
“You seem chipper for it being so cold,” Jason commented with mock sarcasm.
Tanis shrugged. “The cold does not seem to affect us as it once did…before our sickness was removed,” he remarked. He handed Jason a blanket to wrap about himself. “You are still weak from your earlier ordeal. Do not be so determined to proceed if you risk harming yourself further.”
It was Jason’s turn to shrug. “I’m getting better,” he returned with a relaxed smile. “I’m tired, but I’ll make do. How far would you judge us to be from the mine?”
Tanis considered. “Through the night I’m afraid,” he said. “I pray that we do not arrive too late to be of help to your friend.”
Jason shook his head and said, “I don’t believe we will be too late. I know Talon is alive and waiting for us whether he knows it or not.”
“Talon?” Tanis enquired. “I am familiar with that name. Only men of illegitimate birth are given such a name…and I know of only one that would risk being captured by Scarborough’s men. Tell me, is this friend the baseborn son of the king?”
Jason nodded. “He is,” he replied. “Does it change your commitment to help him?”
Tanis Halford quickly shook his head. “We of the colony…of New Zion are not likely to judge anyone so harshly after the way we have been treated. The Lonely Knight is well known for his compassion. Before the curse of the gods of Saran came upon us, he visited the colony a time or two. I found him to be a good man, and a man of honor.”
Nodding, Jason said, “That is the Talon I have come to know.” He looked around at the surrounding forest and the men standing about trying not to look bored and anxious at the same time. He turned back to Tanis with a wide grin. “I suppose I’m rested enough to continue now.”
They moved quickly after that and somehow, Branton found the strength to keep moving throughout the night.
Chapter Forty-Eight | A Dank, Dark Prison
Talon looked around the dark walls of the stone-carved chamber, seeking a weapon or tool that would free him from the heavy iron chains that bound him to the wall of rock it was anchored to. There was nothing within reach that would be of any use…nothing in reach at all other than sand and pebbles. He had been knocked senseless by the pommel of a sword the night before and then carried into the iron mine to be left in the chamber, chained like some wild animal. Nearly unconscious, with his vision swimming at the time, he barely recalled rough hands holding him down while the shackles were locked to his wrists.  He took a deep breath in frustration and considered his situation. The day before he had thought he could sneak closer to the mine without being seen. From a spot within the bushes of the ravine, he could see the ridge where he had left Jason Branton to wait, but he could hear little of interest from the conversations amongst the nearby soldiers.
When he had finally given up on hearing anything of value, he had decided to leave. As he was making his way out of the ravine, he became aware of the soldiers lying in ambush for him. He could have put up more of a fight and perhaps won his way free, but he had immediately decided that getting caught would help him gain useful information. He had hoped to later find a way to escape. It would be risky, he knew, but he needed to learn why Scarborough’s men had taken control of the iron mine.
Unfortunately, Jason Branton had no idea of his intent from his place of hiding amongst the bushes of the ridge overlooking the mine. Unaware of Talon’s plan he must have seen him captured by the soldiers and assumed the worse.
Branton was not a man of violence so when he fired the arrows into the midst of he and the soldiers it was. It was even more surprising that the arrow had actually hit something.
Talon grinned at the memory of Commander Sloan’s face when he had realized he’d been shot. If nothing else, that memory alone made his capture worthwhile. Sir Brian Sloan was well known for being one of Zaccari’s most loyal banner men. He was a man also known for his violent and aggressive manner.
But after the first arrow had struck the commander and Branton had revealed his presence to the soldiers, Talon had decided he had no further choice but to fight and try to break free from his captors. He knew Jason had little chance of evading capture and the soldiers would likely waste little time killing him. Had he been a fellow soldier Talon would have left him to look after himself, but he wasn’t a soldier. The man was…well, Talon wasn’t exactly sure what he was…a priest perhaps, and certainly an unsolved mystery. Regardless, Talon had taken responsibility for him and could not allow him to be harmed before delivering him safely to Castle Ephrath.
After watching him fire a second arrow that fell several feet short, Talon saw Branton turn and retreat back down the slope of the ridge. He dropped out of sight even as soldiers raced forward with murderess intent. Immediately, Talon had acquired the sword of one of the soldiers holding him and freed himself. It was a wasted effort. He’d fought, but was quickly overwhelmed by sheer numbers and knocked senseless.
And now it seemed he had failed miserably in protecting his charge. In the time since his incarceration no one had bothered to visit him in the chamber. No one had come to interrogate him. He had no knowledge of Jason Branton’s fate, but he knew the man would not last long alone in the unrelenting cold with no sense of direction. Had he made it to their horses and fled? Talon hoped so. The man would have a better chance to survive if he at least had their supplies with him.
But the soldiers would not stop pursuing him until they caught him or killed him, that much was certain. Whatever they were up to, it was clear they wanted no one in authority to know of their presence. He had no doubt that they would do whatever it took to keep their presence a secret. Even if Jason Branton had somehow managed to elude the soldiers, he knew little of his surroundings. He might try to make it back to Selman Ri. Flint might be able to help. But the more likely scenario was that the soldiers would find Branton and kill him.
Talon shook his head. After all that Branton had survived, he found it hard to believe he would suffer so senseless a death. Though there seemed little chance for it, Talon decided he would hope for the best as far as the health of Jason Branton. He shifted his focus back to his own troubles to find a way to escape. Once free, he could find Branton’s trail and track him, along with the men pursuing him. Hopefully, the man could survive long enough to allow Talon to do so. Talon was certain there was no hope for some sort of rescue attempt. He would have to find his own way free.
Sighing, Talon shoved gently at the dirt of the cavern with a foot, thinking. If he wanted to escape, he would likely have to engineer his own way out of this situation. Shaking his head, he licked his lips and was instantly reminded how dry his mouth was. It was a result of the dusty cavern and a lack of water. His captors seemed to care little for his comfort. Once again, he examined his shackles, using the dim yellow light of a torch that burned from a nearby wall. The torch was too far away to reach, so it would not be of any use in an escape attempt, and even if he could get his hands on it, it could serve as nothing more than a makeshift club. His shackles were made of iron and the locking mechanism seemed simple enough, if he only had something to cram into it and free himself by springing the lock.
He heard footfalls drawing near, and he raised his head to squint toward the entrance to the chamber. A short, hunched-over, beady-eyed man carried a wineskin through the doorway. It took several moments as the man loped his way into the chamber before Talon recognized him.
“Worm,” said Talon, surprised by the appearance of the man. Worm was a mainstay at the iron mine. He called it home, and he was kept around because he knew every inch of the tunnels that ran through the mine, and there were a lot of them. Worm had received his name because he was always thought to be underfoot, travelling the tunnels below ground as though he were born to it. It was said by men who had worked the mine that the tunnels burrowed leagues into the ground. Some of the tunnels were manmade, but most were natural ones formed long ago by unknown means, and the miners had discovered to them unintentionally. Worm was fascinated by the natural tunnels, and few if any had explored them to the extent that he had. He was a simple minded and dirty man on a good day, but Talon could see bruises and cuts on his face, legs and arms. It was clear he had been mistreated by Scarborough’s men. The tiny, hunched over man dragged his foot slightly as he crossed the chamber to Talon.
“Master, Talon,” Worm responded in a whisper. He had always liked Talon, who had treated him better than most on the few occasions the man can visited the iron mine. “I have brought you water to drink, yes I have.” His voice was hoarse as he lifted the wineskin toward Talon and handed it over, then squatted on the cavern floor to stare at the sitting man.
Talon drank deeply, trusting that the water within was not poisoned. Worm was a man loyal to the throne and good of heart. He was strange for sure, but well meaning. Talon drank deeply and felt the cool water moisten his throat. He was far thirstier than he could have imagined. “Are you alright, Worm?” He asked.
The man’s head slowly bobbed up and down. “I am, master,” he said through a snaggletoothed smile. “They hit me and kick me sometimes, but Worm is useful, so they keep me alive. They think Worm is too stupid to fight back or to escape, so they let Worm roam free.”
Talon leaned forward. “Can you free me, Worm?”
The small man shook his head violently. “No, no, no,” he repeated several times. “Worm cannot break your chains, master.”
“Can you get a key then?” Talon asked.
Again Worm shook his head, saying, “Only the one who commands has the keys, and he would kill Worm if he tried to take the keys from him.” He began rocking back and forth, clearly upset that he could not help. Talon suddenly felt sympathy for the little man. As simple minded as Worm was, he was a caring sort, even for those who consistently mistreated him.
Talon smiled and tried to comfort him. “It’s alright, Worm,” he said, thinking. “Can you get me a weapon then? Or anything that I can use as one?”
Now Worm nodded. He smiled. It was an act that would have been far less revolting had he all of his teeth and no blackened gums. “I will try,” he said. “Will you make the soldiers go away, Master Talon?”
Talon shook his head. “They are too many, my friend,” he answered. “They are too many for me to fight alone, and I will need to get help before I can make them leave. They are here for a reason I have not yet fathomed.”
Worm nodded. “Up to something, yes, they are,” he said. “They forced the men that worked in the mine to leave, and bring others in to do the work. Every day, a wagon leaves with the precious ore. I do not know where they go, but always there are soldiers sent with it to guard it on its journey.”
Talon considered this new information. Why would the Scarboroughs be stealing iron from the mine? If Zaccari needed iron, he could easily use his gold to purchase all he would need. There could be only one reason so far as Talon was concerned. They needed a large amount and wanted to avoid suspicion, leave no record of any transactions. And that could only mean one thing.
War.
If they planned to remain as allies with High King Nathan, they would not be hiding their presence and would not be stealing the iron from the mine. He looked at Worm again. “Go, my friend” he replied. “If you stay too long, they will hurt you again. Try to find me a weapon, and that will be enough to help me, Worm. Just be careful and do not let them catch you assisting me.”
“Yes, Master Talon,” remarked the saddened man as he shuffled out of the chamber.
Suddenly, everything seemed clear to Talon. The Scarboroughs, probably led by the power hungry Zaccari Scarborough, were planning to revolt. His father and the high king had always mistrusted them, even though Zaccari was the father of High Queen Adina. High King Nathan had agreed to the arranged marriage under protest over twenty years past, in order to gain the Scarboroughs as allies against the Mad Emperor Pors Malys. From day one, the family had coveted the throne. With their homelands so far to the west in Hillyer they seemed a small enough threat. But Zaccari Scarborough’s sons Luscious and Frederick spent much of their time in Ohmsford with their sister, the high queen.
Adina was a scheming, hateful woman. She had already bore Nathan two sons and a daughter, and no longer pretended to care for her husband. Wesley was their eldest son at twelve years, and was a spoiled and weak twelve year old from all accounts. He was the heir apparent though, so one day he would sit the High Throne…unfortunately. Eventually the Scarboroughs would gain the power they craved once the lad ascended to the throne. They would have nearly everything they coveted when Nathan left this world for the next.
A realization struck Talon like a brick hurled against his skull. Unless they grew tired of waiting, he thought quietly. The thought made his head hurt.
If something were to happen to the high king, Adina would likely submit to her father, who would rule until Wesley came of age…if he came of age. Talon had no doubt that if Wesley proved difficult to control, he would meet a timely death as well…even if Adina did not approve.
Again, Talon jerked at his chains in frustration. If he were right, time was short. Zaccari would not want word of this to reach the powers that be, Talon’s father included. Sooner, rather than later, Talon’s execution would be carried out, and he suspected Sloan would find more than a little joy in making it happen. He had to escape…and soon. Too many people would suffer if he didn’t.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Worm returned to the chamber with more water several long hours later. The torch that provided light had nearly burned out, and after handing a fresh wineskin to Talon, Worm lit a new one and replaced it. He came to squat before Talon, and nervously eyed the entrance, then passed him a few biscuits wrapped in a towel. With his free hand, he dropped a knife at Talons feet in the same motion. Talon shifted his feet to cover the knife with dirt with a casual motion as he reached out for the biscuits.
“Well done, my friend,” Talon whispered to the little man. “I will not forget how you have aided me. If a commotion starts, you hide someplace safe.”
A guard, who had been posted in the tunnel stuck his head in the chamber and snapped at Worm to hurry and get out. That was alright though, because the tiny little man hat everyone underestimated had given Talon what he needed. He had a weapon at last. He began making plans and stuffed the knife in his boot to use at a more opportune time, not knowing that help was already on the way from a most unlikely and terrifying source.
Chapter Forty-Nine | The Interrogation
He wasn’t sure how or when it had happened, but eventually Talon had fallen asleep on the dirt covered floor of the mine chamber. When the guard had eventually seemed to lose interest in him, he’d tried to use the knife to open his shackles, but the blade was too wide to be of use for that purpose. He decided he would need to somehow acquire the keys to free himself. The only way to do that would be to get them from the commander, who likely was not walking around much after having an arrow shot into his boot with his foot still in it.
He assumed that the commander would eventually wish to find out what Talon knew of their presence at the iron mines. Sloan was unlikely to leave attaining such knowledge to his men without his direct supervision…which meant that sooner or later, Talon would see his chance for those keys.
And so it was that when morning came, Talon was still sleeping on the dirt and pebble covered floor. Without the light of the sun to go by, he had trouble keeping track of the time of day…or night. He probably would have kept sleeping if he hadn’t heard a voice speak. His dreams had been filled with visions of a better time and place, and the voice pulled him from the deep slumber reluctantly.
“Wake him,” the voice replied.
A soldier walked over and did as ordered and kicked Talon’s legs more than a little too enthusiastically. Talon opened his eyes slowly and looked up at the four men facing him. Three of the men were soldiers, the other was Sloan. The commander was leaning on an improvised crutch, and his foot was tightly wrapped in bandages.
Talon almost smiled at the damage Jason Branton had done to the man, but instead pulled himself up to a sitting position with apparent great effort. He feigned disinterest as he casually looked over the soldiers that had come with Sloan.
The first man was a thin and tall looking man. He stood back with Commander Sloan as though to help him move around if needed. He wore the familiar leather Scarborough armor and insignia, as did all of the men but his hung loosely on his wirily frame. The second man was a burly looking soldier with red facial hair and a barrel chest. His arms were long and thick and he stared down at Talon with a hungry look in his eyes that told of his thirst for Talon’s blood. The third man, and the one who had kicked him, was solidly built like most soldiers, but not overly so. He had shoulder length black wavy hair, and a thin mustache. Talon could tell by his stature that this was the man who posed the most threat. He was solid enough to be strong, but not so much so that he would not have the benefit of speed and flexibility. Black hair looked like a man that would kill his own mother if there was profit in it…and probably had. Talon could see it in his eyes and expression.
Sir Brian Sloan was the same sort of man, but he was a bit taller. He didn’t kill for profit…he did it for the pleasure of taking a man’s life. His short black hair had splotches of gray spread throughout, but was he clean shaven and had a commanding presence. Sloan was a man with a reputation for being highly skilled in the use of a sword. In his younger years at Castle Ephrath, Talon had seen Sloan compete in tournaments. He held nothing back and showed no mercy, and the men whom he defeated usually suffered debilitating injuries. 
“Stand up, you baseborn piece of mule dung!” Sloan snapped at Talon. He stared down at Talon with a fierce expression of hatred and contempt.
Talon did so slowly. He considered pulling the knife from his boot and palming it, but instantly discounted the idea. Straightening, he stretched as though he was bored, and then looked back at Sloan.
“Hello, Sir Brian,” he remarked with a grin. The “sir” part he said with sarcasm. “I see Zaccari has condemned you to do his dirty work for him. Is the old man here as well?”
Brian shook his head slightly and replied, “Don’t you worry where Zaccari Scarborough is, filth. I want answers. Who was that man that…shot me?”
Talon shrugged. “A simple villager out for a stroll I suppose,” he answered nonchalantly. “He didn’t seem very skilled with that bow, did he? If it had been me, I think you would need a coffin instead of that crutch. Though I have to say…he did well enough.”
Black Hair stepped forward and backhanded Talon hard enough to knock weaker men from their feet. Talon was not a weak man. He turned with the blow, and then straightened to face them again. Black hair backed off with a grin that said there was more to come.
Sloan eyed Talon for several long moments, thinking, and finally said, “I suppose it doesn’t really matter now anyway. The man is dead now…or as good as.”
Talon arched an eyebrow at the curious comment. “How so?” He asked.
Sloan smiled. “Oh, my men nearly had him they did, chased him for much of yesterday. Probably would have had him if not for those blasted wolves of yours. The men who survived finally returned late in the night to tell me he had escaped. Do not raise your hopes though. He has sought shelter at the Leper Colony.”
Talon paled. How could Branton have been so stupid? He was as good as dead if what Talon was being told was true. He took a step back with the revelation, unable to hide his reaction of shock. Sloan smiled again. He was enjoying the reaction the news had brought about in his prisoner. Talon recovered quickly though, and stepped forward again.
“Are you certain of this?” Talon asked. “Did your men see him make contact with the sick ones?”
“One of them was in the very building he sought shelter in from what I am told,” Sloan returned. “My men nearly came into contact with the man themselves. So you see, your friend is lost to you. You are alone, Talon…with no hope of rescue.”
Talon knew Sloan was right. Jason Branton would have contracted leprosy the moment he’d gotten close to the infected. It had been Talon’s responsibility to protect the man, a stranger in Jennai and the dangers it held for the unaware. Although Branton had been a curious man enshrouded in mystery, Talon had come to respect him. He wondered how the man’s faith would serve him now that he would suffer so badly from the wasting sickness.
Sloan and his men had been studying Talon’s reaction, and finally the man decided it was time to move on. “Tell me, Talon,” he addressed. “Did your father send you to the mine? Or did you come to investigate yourself?”
Talon remained silent. Black hair stepped forward and buried his fist in Talon’s stomach, then landed a few to his face as well. Talon collapsed against the man, who shoved him back against the wall of the chamber. His feigned weakness intended to embolden his captors.
Sir Sloan asked the question again, this time with a hard edge to his words. Talon slowly raised his head. His lip was already swelling and he could taste blood in his mouth.
“I came from Selman Ri,” he said and grinned. He could only imagine what he looked like to the men facing him, bloodied teeth and all. “By the way, I wouldn’t count on the men you sent there coming back again. They made the mistake of trying to kill me.”
Sloan straightened. His face turned red with anger, but he did not come closer. If only he would, Talon thought silently. He was trying to bait the man, but not having much success at it. He could see the keys to his shackles hanging on Sloan’s belt. But Sloan was either too smart to come within reach, or reluctant to make the effort because of his wound. Probably the later.
“You will pay the price for spilling their blood with your life, fool,” Sloan remarked through clenched teeth. “At sunset, I will have my men hang you from the nearest tree…and then your carcass can burn in Hades for eternity so far as I’m concerned.”
With those words, Sloan turned and made his way out of the chamber, limping badly as the makeshift crutch did little to alleviate his pain. His men followed after his curses. Black hair was the last through the entrance to the chamber, and he paused before leaving.
“Enjoy your surroundings, baseborn,” he said with a hungry grin. “I will be the one to put the noose around your neck, and I shall enjoy it immensely.”
Talon watched him leave, and then sank back to the dirt covered chamber floor. With his back against the wall, he smiled. In his hand he held up the stiletto he had covertly removed from Black Hair’s belt when he had collapsed against him. The blade of the knife was thinner that the knife he already had. He immediately set to work trying to unlock the shackles that bound him. He had only a few hours to gain his freedom. If he could do so, Worm could lead him to another exit through the deeper tunnels.
Chapter Fifty | Rescued or Condemned?
Talon had managed to spring the lock on one of the two shackles and was still trying in vain to free himself from the remaining one an hour later when he suddenly heard the yells and shouts coming from outside the iron mine. Men screamed as a battle raged outside, and he was trapped within, almost helpless with only one arm free. Frustrated, he listened to the battle that was out of sight and out of reach as he frantically worked at the lock of the remaining manacle with the stiletto. He heard swords clashing, and he heard men crying out in alarm.
It sounded like Scarborough’s men were afraid of something or someone that was attacking them. He heard death cries and panic as men struggled outside the mine. But the shouting and combat eventually made its way into the iron mine itself, and the fighting slowly grew closer to where Talon was being held. As he anxiously crammed the stiletto into the locking mechanism he wondered if someone had arrived to rescue him. Perhaps Flint had gathered some men and sent them after all.
Scarborough’s men seemed anxious in their shouts, panicked.  He heard fear in the voices of the soldiers, and he saw several men run past the chamber he occupied, their bravery failing them as they fled some unseen adversary. He could hear Sir Sloan calling them cowards, commanding them to return, failing to hide the fear in his own voice.
Talon stood to his feet and gripped his remaining chain with both hands. He pulled with all of his strength trying to free himself, to pull the eyebolt from the stone wall it was embedded in. He kicked at the eyebolt with the heel of his boot, trying to dislodge it from the wall of the chamber. Unsuccessful, he again tried forcing the lock with the stiletto, frantic to get the manacle to open. He was mad. He had to free himself, and yet he could not. He kicked at the wall and stomped on the chain in frustration. And then the commander of Scarboroughs men, Sir Brian Sloan, appeared at the entrance of the chamber, shouting at Talon.
“You!” He shouted in a hysterical frenzy. “This is your fault! You brought this death down upon us! We are all doomed because of you and your infernal curiosity!” 
The man raised his sword and charged at Talon, who raised the chain to block his blade. Over and over, the commander screamed as he hacked at Talon. The stiletto lay on the ground where Talon had foolishly dropped it in order to protect himself with the chain. He had the other blade hidden inside his boot, but it was impossible to retrieve it while wrestling with Sloan. The commander was relentless, swinging his blade as if possessed, an expression of hopelessness on his tear stroked face. His face was wet as he cried openly, ignoring the snot that ran from his nose.
Talon tightly gripped both ends of the chain and used it to block the madman’s onslaught. Time after time Sloan’s shiny blade slashed and hacked at him, only to throw sparks as it glanced off the iron rungs of the chain. Talon was blocking each, but not without great effort. He knew he was weakening quickly, a result of being chained to a cavern wall overnight with little to eat or drink. With every impact of the barrage, he felt pain shoot through his arms and shoulders. 
Suddenly, Worm was there. He leapt onto Sloan’s back with a howl and reached around to claw at the man’s face with his thin boney fingers. Sloan staggered backward from the added weight, taken by surprise. Talon seized he opportunity while it was there to grab. The stiletto had been kicked out of reach during their struggle, so he dipped his stance to reach into his boot for the knife Worm had given him. He rose just as Sloan managed to fling Worm over his shoulder. The little man struck his head against the stone wall of the chamber and was knocked senseless. Sloan turned to face Talon again, not seeing the knife. He charged with his sword, raising it over his head and swinging it downward as he ran forward. His eyes were wide and red, his mind lost to some terror born of whoever or whatever had attacked him and his men.
Talon ducked quickly to the side, the chain preventing him to move more than two feet, but it was far enough to cause Sloan’s attack to miss. His sword clanged off the stone wall of the chamber and Sloan caught himself and turned to face Talon. Drool ran down the madman’s chin and seeped the dirt and rock covered floor.
But Talon was too close now for him to raise his sword. His opponent quickly stepped in closer and thrust the knife between Sloan’s ribs. A look of surprise came across Sloan’s face, as the blade slid into his heart. He stopped fighting and smiled, relaxing his grip on his sword and letting it fall to the cavern floor.
“I’m the lucky one,” he whispered in a raspy voice and then collapsed dead to the floor.
Talon wasted no time rolling him over and pulling the keys free from the dead man’s belt. He quickly released the remaining shackle and snatched up Sloan’s discarded sword. It wasn’t nearly as fine a blade as his own, but he needed it to protect himself. Moving across the dimly lit chamber, Talon kneeled next to Worm, who was moaning softly. Talon watched as the small man slowly opened his eyes.
“Master Talon,” Worm said. “You are free.”
Talon nodded. “Thanks to you, my friend,” he replied with a smile. “But we are not safe yet, can you stand?”
Worm nodded as Talon turned his attention to the sounds of battle in the nearby tunnels. The battle was drawing to an end, and he knew he had to move swiftly. It would not be long before their presence in the chamber was discovered.
“Who attacks the mine, Worm?” Talon asked the little man.
On his feet now, Worm looked with fear toward the tunnel outside the chamber and answered. “It is the ugly men, sire,” he said. “The ugly men have come to kill us all!”
Worm was visibly upset and Talon had no idea who the ugly men were. He turned toward the chamber entrance and considered. If Worm could lead him deeper into the tunnels they could find another exit and safely escape. Then he could concentrate on finding out if Branton was alive, infected or dead.
He paused in his thoughts as a shadow suddenly appeared outside the chamber entrance and he dropped into a crouch. He held his sword ready for whoever was approaching.
A moment later, a badly scarred man entered the chamber holding a pitch fork. He looked first at Talon and then at Worm.
Talon heard Worm squeal in dismay and felt the blood drain from his own face. A cold fear came over his as the dead commanders words came back to haunt Talon. I’m the lucky one, he had said. Now what had spurred the man’s feverish behavior made sense. It was completely unexpected and disastrous at the same time. He remembered Sloan’s words earlier in the day describing Jason Branton’s fate and suddenly knew what was happening. Jason Branton had done the unthinkable. He had returned with an army…but it was an army of lepers.
Chapter Fifty-One | The Leper
The man with the scars looked at Talon, studying him carefully, but did not speak or approach. He silently watched Talon. Worm quickly shuffled over to pick up the stiletto, and then moved closer to Talon. Talon waited, unsure of what to do. If he attacked the hideous man, he risked exposing himself to the wasting sickness. He heard others approaching.
“Stay away,” Talon called out. “We are not with the men you attack. We were prisoners.”
The corner of the scarred man’s mouth raised into what Talon thought was a grin. It was difficult to tell, but Talon didn’t think there was much reason to be smiling. He watched as the man relaxed and leaned a shoulder against the stone frame of the entrance to the mines chamber.
“I know who you are,” the man said matter-of-factly. “And why you are here.” He glanced at Worm a moment, and then back to Talon. “That one is not like you. He has a strange…smell about him.”
The man said nothing more. After several minutes, he finally stepped back as another figure approached the chamber. The new figure paused and said something to the first man, and then stepped inside the chamber and smiled. Talon found himself looking at a tired but healthy looking Jason Branton.
“Hello, Talon,” Jason said, grinning widely. “I’m glad to see you’re alright.”
Talon practically shouted at the man. “Alright?! You’ve brought death to me, Branton,” he exclaimed. “And to all of Scarborough’s men…perhaps to all of Jennai! Are you insane?!”
Talon glanced at Tanis, who stood outside the chamber waiting patiently with his pitchfork, unaffected by Talon’s words. He was used to the fear his appearance inspired. If anything, he now seemed to enjoy the reaction in others. Jason hesitantly took a step closer toward Talon, who raised his sword.
“Come no closer!” Talon threatened. “I have no desire to kill you, Branton, but I will if you bring that disease any closer to me!” Worm whimpered at his side.
Jason Branton paused and glanced back at Tanis Halford. The man was openly grinning now. It was a frightening sight when the man’s face was so scarred. He realized that Talon would have no way of being sure the lepers were not infectious. In fact, they had used the fear of infection to gain an advantage over the enemy soldiers.
Jason thought quietly for several moments, and then said, “Talon, do you remember when I prayed for Leihla in Nu Pike? How she was healed? The same thing has happened to the people of the leper colony.”
Talon shook his head. “No, Jason Branton,” he said. “They cannot be healed! Look at him! His sickness consumes him, just as it will consume you…and me if I allow you to come closer!”
Tanis snickered with amusement and Branton hesitated, wondering how he would convince Talon that there was no longer a threat of leprosy. Suddenly inspired, he reached back and drew the Sword of Truth from the scabbard strapped to his back. Retrieving it from where it had been left with the horses had been simple enough, though it was a mystery how Scarborough’s men had not found the horses where they had been left. But they had been there, healthy and nourished as though someone had fed them. He looked down at the sword in his hands and then back up at Talon…his friend.
“Talon, we hadn’t known it when we were together, but I believe this sword is a weapon of great power,” he explained. “It is saturated in the power of the Holy Spirit. Whoever wields it, including me, must face the truth of themselves and their true form will be made clear.” He turned and beckoned Tanis Halford forward.
“The women of the leper colony have already been fully healed, both in body and appearance. The men have also been healed of the wasting sickness. The scars remain because they were entering into battle and their enemy’s fear of infection would be an advantage.”
He smiled at Talon. “But the battle is now ended,” He replied. He handed the holy sword to Tanis, who gripped it firmly by the hilt. “Talon, I would like you to meet Tanis Halford.”
Talon raised his weapon and watched as a white light grew from the blade of the sword. It spread down the hilt and engulfed the man Branton called Tanis Halford. As Talon watched, the man’s eyes widened in surprise and his features began to change. The scars began to mend and disappear. His posture straightened as the vertebrae’s of his back mended. Tanis Halford cried out and dropped to his knees. Talon watched as scars on the man’s scalp healed and disappeared.
When the white light finally faded, a muscular but handsome man was before him. Tanis looked up, tears rolling down his cheeks. He gazed at Branton with thankfulness as he swallowed.
“I see it all, holy one,” he exclaimed. “I see the birth of a world and the death of the son. I see the Lamb in all his glory, risen from the tomb! I see the holes in his palms!”
Jason smiled at the man and turned back to Talon. Somehow he had known the sword would show Tanis truth, but it was unexpected that it revealed the truth of creation and the sacrifice to the man.
Across the room, Talon had straightened and lowered his own sword. He had witnessed the miracle of healing. It had taken place before his very eyes. “It’s true,” he whispered in a barely audible voice. He looked at Branton questioningly. “Your god has healed them all?”
Jason nodded. “Talon,” he said with confidence. “I would not lie to you, and I would not risk infecting you. I have not gone mad with sickness. It is a miracle you have just witnessed. Cannot you believe the rest of it?”
Talon stood silently for several long moments. Then he dropped the sword and walked up to Tanis Halford, hesitated and offered his hand. Tanis took it and pulled himself to his feet, still emotional, but smiling with joy. He offered the Sword of Truth back to Branton, who shook his head with raised palms.
“Pass it amongst your men first,” he said to the man. “Let their healings be completed as well.”
Tanis Halford smiled. “They are not my men, Jason Branton,” he remarked. “They are yours.” He gave a slight bow, and then stepped out of the chamber, sword in hand.
Talon arched an eyebrow and looked back to Branton. “Your men?” he asked.
Jason shrugged with a sigh. “Apparently I’m meant to lead an army to save the realm,” he replied. “Me…” He shook his head and laughed, and then noticed Worm for the first time. The little man was still cowering behind Talon’s legs. Jason looked questioningly at Talon, who turned toward the cringing figure.
“Worm,” he called. “It’s safe now. Stand.”
Worm hesitantly eased himself upward to stand next to Talon. In his hand he tightly gripped the stiletto before him for protection. He looked up at Branton with a cautious but curious expression.
Jason looked at down at the little man Talon had spoken to. Worm barely resembled a man at all. His frame was small, thin and wiry and his skin was very pale. His facial hair, short and stubbly, was as white as the full moon. Even his eyes had a light tint to them, not quite white themselves, but slightly hazy. Jason extended a hand to the little man.
“Hello…Worm,” he said. “It is a pleasure to meet you. My name is Jason Branton.”
Worm looked at the extended hand, and then turned to look up at Talon questioningly. Talon nodded encouragingly. Turning back to Jason, Worm reached up and took his hand. His frail hand felt thin and boney to Jason, as though the little man had not eaten well in a long time. He was careful not to squeeze too tightly.
“You are friend to Master Talon,” he said in his high-pitched voice. “So you are a friend to Worm as well.” He continued to shake Jason’s hand enthusiastically for several long moments.
Talon laughed. “Worm lives in the tunnels of the iron mine. Some believe that he is the only man to every fully explore the natural tunnels the mine connects to,” he explained. “He’s a little lacking in social skills, but he is a good man nonetheless.” He looked down at Worm again. “He helped me when I was being held, brought me food, water and a knife.”
Worm, who was still gripping Jason’s hand and shaking it vigorously, smiled widely, showing off the few teeth he had. Jason smiled back down at him. He sensed in Worm an innocent, if not naïve, mind. In the world Jason came from, someone like Worm would simply not exist. Jason was once again in wonder of the variety of persons in Jennai and the world of Saran.
“Worm likes the tunnels,” the little man said with a grin. “There are lots of things deep within the tunnels that are shiny and bright. They make Worm happy to gaze upon.”
“Joy is a wondrous emotion, Worm,” Jason returned. “One day, I hope all of Jennai…all of Saran…can feel true joy.”
Worm considered Jason’s words a moment, frowning as he thought them over, and then smiled “Worm likes you, Jason Branton. You speak good words that bring comfort.”
Talon spoke up after watching the exchange. “Did the lepers leave anyone alive?”
Jason looked up at him. “They are no longer called lepers, Talon,” he corrected. “Call them…Zionists.” He smiled at some hidden thought, and Talon was sure there was meaning behind the name. “Some of the soldiers fled deep into the mines, terrified and with no place else to go. They would be hard to find now. Others surrendered when they realized they could not win the battle. Perhaps the ones who fled into the mine will be found as well.”
Talon shook his head. “No,” he said. “They’ll likely get lost down there for some time, and we’ve more urgent matters to attend.” He turned and started walking toward the chamber exit. “If your lepers…I mean Zionists…can guard the iron mine until my father can send men to relieve them, it would be better.”
Chapter Fifty-Two | The Zionists
When the small group walked out of the mine, a surprising scene was played out before Talon. First thing, Reaper and Sheba padded over to him. He knelt and rubbed both behind the ears. He noticed Reaper had blood on the fur around his snout. After greeting his wolves, Talon stood again and looked around.
In the area near the tents several of the Scarborough soldiers were disarmed and on their knees, guarded by Zionists. The warriors looked dejected and hopeless before the fate that had been delivered upon them. Talon could hardly blame them. They had been attacked by lepers who had surely infected them with the wasting sickness. They hadn’t realized yet that the lepers…the Zionists…no longer carried the threat of contagion.
Near one of the wagons, Tanis Halford stood in the midst of a grouping of his men, passing the Sword of Truth to one at a time. Each man that took hold of it was overwhelmed with its healing properties and its power. One at a time, each of the Zionists was healed completely. Talon had never seen anything like it. He watched for several long moments, and finally turned back to face the prisoners. Some of them had taken notice of the goings-on by the wagon. Those that did wore expressions of confusion.
Talon could understand that feeling. It was hard enough to ignore the things Jason Branton did…it seemed miracles followed the man wherever he tread. On multiple occasions, Talon had witnessed unexplainable events take place around the man. Branton attributed it all to his god of course, but Talon had never known a god who cared enough for his followers to heal them like this. It had to be a magic of some sort. That would explain it. To say otherwise would be to acknowledge the truth of Branton’s god. 
Even now, Branton stood beside him with three Zionists close behind. The Zionists seemed intent on protecting Branton, watching for any potential threats to his safety. Jason was silent as he looked around, taking in the various activities surrounding the iron mine.
Finally, Talon spurred himself to action. He began walking toward the prisoners. As he approached they all turned their faces toward him. He read emotions in their expressions that told him they were certain they would not survive to see another day. They were probably not even sure if they were infected or not. One man stared at Talon with obvious contempt…it was Black Hair...the man who had struck him in the mine.
Some of the others faced what they thought was certain death with expressions of obvious fear, others with resolve. Only two of the eleven prisoners showed no fear, loathing or hopeless resolve. For these, Talon had respect. These were true soldiers.
Coming to stand before the prisoners, Talon looked down at them and took in each face, even Black Hair. He locked eyes with Black Hair for several moments, long enough to let the man know he remembered him then let his eyes continue on. Finally, he addressed one of the two soldiers that he sensed honor within.
“Why were you men here?” He asked the man.
Several of the prisoners looked from Talon to the man he had spoken to and back again. The man did not respond right away. He seemed to weigh the consequences of talking to Talon first. Talon waited patiently, glaring down at the man, holding his eyes with his own.
“Don’t you answer him,” Black Hair remarked dryly.
“We guard the mine,” the man finally answered, ignoring Black Hair.
Talon smiled. The first words were always the hardest. He now knew he would at least be able to talk with this man. “What is your name, soldier?” He asked. “And from where do you come?”
“Aelo Ellis,” the man returned. Black Hair cursed nearby. “From the City of Landau.” He glanced nervously at the lepers waiting to grip the sword and then back at Talon. “What will happen to my men and I?”
A number of options immediately ran through Talon’s mind, but he discarded all but one.
“You need not fear infection. The lepers you see before you were not contagious when you were attacked. You will be taken to Castle Ephrath to face the king’s justice,” he answered. “There, you will either tell the king all that you know, or suffer the consequences.”
None of the men said anything, but Jason could tell by their expressions that they were not happy about their current situation. 
Tanis Halford came strolling up looking peaceful and content. The prisoners eyed him skeptically. The man no longer carried the scars of the wasting sickness and he smiled at Talon and Jason.
“My men rejoice,” he said. “The marks that reminded us of the disease that has ravaged our colony for so long are becoming memories of the past.”
Talon looked back toward the wagon. The sword was still being passed around. Tanis signaled and several fully healed Zionists came to relieve those standing guard, and the few remaining scarred hastily made their way to the wagon to grip the sword.
Talon turned to Tanis Halford and asked, “Will you and your men be travelling to Castle Ephrath with us, Tanis?”
“Most will,” Tanis answered. “I will send a few back to New Zion and leave five here to guard the iron mine until your father’s soldiers can come and secure it. The rest, some twenty of us, will travel with you.” He looked at Branton. “Assuming you are still planning to travel there, Holy One?”
Jason nodded and with a smile said, “I do. I believe that is where god wishes me to go. I shall be glad to have your company.”
Talon looked from one to the other. “Is there something I need to know?”
Both Tanis and Jason grinned. “There is much I need to tell you,” Branton remarked. “But time is short. We should make ready and start out, shouldn’t we?”
Talon nodded. “I suppose so,” he said. “But once we are on the move, we will talk.”
Their party set out for Castle Ephrath three hours later. Talon and Jason led, side-by-side, and were followed by six Zionists, one of which was Tanis Halford. The remainder of the Zionists escorted the bound prisoners behind them. They numbered thirty-three men in all, and the two wolves.
Less than an hour after they set out, light flurries began to fall again from the cloudy sky above and the winds began to pick up. They did not stop to rest that night, even though all but the Zionists were exhausted. The weather had continued to worsen as they travelled, and Talon knew if they didn’t make good time, they would be caught in a coming blizzard.
Along the way, Jason Branton told Talon the amazing tale of his experiences after Talon’s capture. By the end of the tale, Talon had begun to doubt his misgivings concerning this god named Jehovah.
Chapter Fifty-Three | Sigard Ryeholt
On the north side of the Seneca Inlet, directly across from Barrier Keep, Sigard Ryeholt stood near the shoreline without fear of being shot with an arrow by the men guarding the keep. Snow blew around him in flurries, and he knew that the weather would soon turn into a blizzard, for that was the plan that Ares had laid out for him.
He both heard and felt the snow crunch beneath his feet as he shifted his stance. He was standing in plain sight, and even with the snow falling he knew the men in the keep could see him standing there alone across the icy cold waters of the Seneca Inlet. His sworn enemies hid behind the burlap sack barricades they had erected along the opposite shore and within the walls of the keep itself. They undoubtedly felt safe behind the keep’s walls, confident that they would not be breached. 
Sigard Ryeholt’s scouts had informed him that the men in the keep had been preparing for the coming battle. They had seen supplies and fighting men being dispatched. The towers that ranged east and west of the keep were preparing as well. The enemy made their plans.
Let them, he thought silently and then gave a low laugh. Their plans will all amount to nothing.
The Wardens thought they had it all figured out. They were making their preparations, planning for an outcome that would be far different than anything they could ever suspect. He would enjoy this battle, as he was sure his men would as well. For generations, the people that lived below the Barrier Mountains had been safe from invasion, assuming his people were too disorganized and too scattered to move against them. It was true, at least in part. For hundreds of years, his homeland had been divided by wars between many different factions. A constant conflict for control had been waged by so many armies that the people of Jennai were correct in their assumptions. But that was all changed now. In the span of only a few years, his people were fully unified under one ruler.
Sigard Ryeholt was that ruler. Ares himself had made him strong enough to unite his people under his own cruel hand. His army was massive and irresistible, an unstoppable juggernaut.
Behind him, his men were busy clearing the trees leading up to the shoreline. Deeper within the forest, siege engines were nearly finished being constructed.  The protectors of Jennai assumed the water of the inlet protected them from such devices, but they would soon discover such an assumption only ended in death.
Ares power would result in victory. It would be as the god predicted. The temperature was already beginning to drop further than it already had. The snow was falling more and more freely, the white flakes making their way down from the cloud-filled sky. Soon, his army would have to retreat into the caves that were prepared for them. A storm was coming…a storm that would be more brutal and deadly than any the people of Jennai had ever experienced. And when the storm lifted, the wardens and the people of Jennai would quickly learn just how much jeopardy they were truly in.
Chapter Fifty-Four | Samuel
Three days later, Donteous Brantide sat near the fire in his study, frustrated beyond measure. All had been going well until this infernal storm had arrived. Temperatures had plummeted so rapidly that it had taken him and his men by surprise. The hail started falling, big as stones, doing damage to buildings, defenses and men alike. More than a dozen lives had been lost that first night. The skulls of men on watch had been smashed by the heavy ice. Other men had been injured. It had been as if nature itself had declared war on the keep and the lands around it.
After the hail, the winds and snow arrived in full, frenzied power. It had grown colder than ever before, and that was not an easy thing to do. The northern portion of the kingdom known as Ephrath was well accustomed to harsh winters, but this was something more, something unnatural.
The hours passed slowly as Donteous Brantide and his men were forced to retreat into the buildings of the keep as the winds from the north carried with them the heavy snows and frigid temperatures. The winter storm was powerful and harsh. At first, Donteous had sought to keep men on the keep walls, watching for signs of attack, but his men had begun to die from exposure to the cold.
He had to abandon the desire for security. Now all were gathered within the buildings of the keep. He was cut off from the towers, and could only hope they were weathering the storm as well. If not for the underground hot springs each tower and the keep were built over the storm would have had a disastrous effect. The storm was massive, and it had moved south swiftly.
But at least the keep was partially prepared for the cold. Over the past weeks, the weather had steadily turned colder and colder, so he had made sure the towers and the keep were well stocked with wood and supplies.
The reinforcements were what concerned him most. By now, the massive storm will have begun making its way further south. If troops were caught in it with no shelter, they would be wiped out in short order. He had no way to warn his brother James of the danger to his army. He could not send a rider out into this blasted storm. He would not survive an hour. Besides, even if he could do so, the rider would arrive too late. Regardless, the Barrier Wardens were trapped. They would be going nowhere until the storm broke.
He knew the same must be true of the towers east and west of Barrier Keep. The wardens stationed inside them were all good men, properly armed and well supplied. But their movement was as limited as his was.
A knock at his door sounded. Donteous sighed and turned, saying, “Enter.”
The door opened and Captain Cordone entered with young Samuel in tow. The boy had survived much already, and regrettably he would now have to survive a siege.
“I’ve brought the boy Samuel as you requested, sir,” the Captain said.
“Very good, Irwin,” Donteous replied. “You may go now. Check on the men. It might do them some good if you find some work to be done. It will keep their minds off the coming battle.”
The captain bowed. “Of course, sir,” he said. “I’ll see to it right away.”
As the captain closed the door behind him, Donteous smiled at young Samuel and waved him toward a chair. The boy quietly sat as directed. He had a nervous expression as Donteous looked him over silently. The scratches on Samuel’s face were healing well, but the boy was too thin and young to be of much use in the coming battle. And besides, he had been through so much already.
“How are you healing up, lad?” Donteous asked him with a disarming smile. He pulled over another chair to sit in from of the boy.
“Much better, sir,” Samuel answered. “My hip still hurts a little, but I’m ready to do my duty.”
Donteous was impressed, but not fooled. “You needn’t rush,” he replied. “I do not plan on sending you into battle.”
“What?!” Samuel almost shouted, forgetting himself. “But, sir…I…I have to…”
“You have to what, Samuel?” Donteous asked.
Samuel looked down at his hands as they shook. He placed them on his lap to steady them. “I have to make up for running, sir,” he returned. “I shouldn’t have left them.” He looked away, staring at the floor and obviously upset. His eyes were moist.
This was the reason Donteous had arranged to meet with the lad. The captain had informed him of Samuel’s feelings. Guilt could drag a man down. Donteous didn’t want the poor boy to punish himself.
“It wasn’t your fault, boy,” Donteous replied as he reached out a hand and placed it on Samuel’s knee. “You did the best you could do. If not for you, we would not have known in time.”
Samuel shook his head as tears filled his eyes. “No, you don’t understand,” he said. “I’m no hero! I didn’t run just because I wanted to warn you, I ran because I was scared!”
“I suspected as much, Samuel,” comforted Donteous. “But hear me, lad. No man would have gone through that without fear guiding his actions. You may have run, but you could have given up and never made it back. It was a long journey. That’s what makes you a hero lad.”
Samuel hesitated and raised his eyes. Donteous patted his leg.
“I have to help, sir,” Samuel remarked as he calmed. “I have too.” His moist eyes begged.
Donteous sat back in his wood chair. “And you will, lad,” he replied. “But not by fighting. I have other plans for you, boy, and an important role for you to play.”
“Plans, sir?” The boy enquired, confused.
Donteous nodded. “When this inferno blizzard breaks, you will leave immediately to ride toward Castle Ephrath and meet the reinforcements on the road,” he explained. “You will leave with our final message before the battle begins.”
“You are sending me away.” Samuel said, clearly upset. “Please, send someone else.”
“Lad, you are in no condition to fight,” explained Donteous. “And I need to send someone I can rely on…someone that will not give up no matter the odds. It will be our last chance to communicate with the king.”
Samuel was quiet, as Donteous expected. He knew the boy would do as he commanded, even if he didn’t wish to. The poor boy must be filled with conflicting emotions, thought Donteous. He gave the boy a few moments to process things.
Finally, Samuel again looked up and said, “You are trying to protect me.”
The Warden General nodded. “You are right, lad,” he remarked. “I am trying to look out for you. But that doesn’t mean this mission is less important or that it won’t be dangerous. The enemy will see you leave through the gates, and if they cross the Seneca Inlet quickly enough, they may chase you down.”
Samuel nodded, accepting the news at last. “I’ll do it, sir,” he said reluctantly. “But I will come back and fight as well, after the message is delivered. The blood of Commander Haist and Joffrey demands justice.”
“And they will get that justice, lad,” Donteous said as he stood. “I will place you under the direct command of the king, and you shall ride for him into battle. The Skarns will learn why the Barrier Wardens were formed. We’ll take the fight to them until you return.”
Chapter Fifty-Five | The Calvary
A day earlier, many leagues south of Barrier Keep, the sky had grown dark and the hail began to rain down on the forces of King James Arthur Brantide. Caught out in the open the entire column of soldiers scrambled for the surrounding homes, barns and buildings, as few as there were. With only their shields raised above their heads to protect them as they sought cover, the soldiers suffered injury and in some cases death. The ice was the size of stones, and with the hail came rapidly dropping temperatures.
The king was beyond frustrated. He was concerned for the safety of his troops and his people. As the white wall of the blizzard finally arrived, he came to suspect the storm was not a natural occurrence. It was simply too coincidental, too perfectly timed to delay his reinforcements from reaching the Seneca Inlet and Barrier Keep. The seemingly unrelenting storm hung over the rooftops of their shelters, preventing all travel.
His nearly five thousand men were divided into the surrounding homes and properties of the local citizenship, and he knew if the storm lasted more than a few days, starvation would become an issue. There was nothing he could do about any of it until the storm broke. He just wished it would do so soon.
He breathed deeply and released the air from his lungs with a slow sigh as he looked about the barn he and his men inhabited. It smelled of manure and hay, and it was cramped, but it was also just warm enough to protect them from the frigid weather outside. They were forced to take turns sleeping simply because there wasn’t enough room on the floor of the barn for all to lie down at once. It had made it difficult to sleep at all and tempers were already growing short as a result of the lack of space. The King’s Guard knew their duty though, and even with the miserable conditions he knew they would fulfill their duties.
Outside, the massive blizzard continued to rage, never ceasing, never slowing. The wind howled through the rafters of the large barn and through the few thin gaps in the outer walls, a constant reminder of the peril all of Ephrath was in. The king shuddered when he considered the stroke of luck he and his guard had in finding the barn in such good condition. For a day now, the king and his guard had been trapped inside the old barn.
They were alive, if not freezing. When they had first run for cover he had given the order to abandon the supply wagons and seek shelter. There had not been enough time to move the supply wagons. They waited for the onslaught of hail to cease, and when it finally did he’d seen the white wall of the blizzard easing it’s was southward and knew if they were to get any supplies they would have to hurry. He sent a small group of five men out to get supplies from a nearby abandoned wagon. He had watched from the shelter of the barn as those men had reached the wagon and started grabbing whatever supplies they could carry. Around them, the winds blasted them with icy cold temperatures. And finally, the white wall of the blizzard drifted over the men as they had made their way back to the barn.
Two of those men never made it back. One of the others had to be carried by his comrades, forcing them to abandon half their supplies. With mournful reluctance, he’d ordered the barn door closed to stave off the blizzard.
They eventually pulled the stalls apart in order to burn the wood in a cleared area on the dirt floor in the center of the barn, but now even that was beginning to run low. They maybe had enough to make it through another day and a night…no more. If the winter storm lasted any longer he knew they were in dire trouble.
As time passed slowly in the barn, they had learned quickly that venturing out into the storm was inviting death. Three men had nearly died in the trying of that venture, only barely able to return to the barn. He would not risk anymore men while the storm raged. The temperatures were too harsh and a man could freeze in a matter of minutes out there.
He thought of Barrier Keep and his brother Donteous, knowing the storm would have reached the keep and towers days earlier. The one bright side to the storm was that the Skarn invasion force would not be able to move about in it either. When the storm broke, he would need to gather his army together quickly and set out again. He hoped there would be enough of his soldiers left to be of any good. Beyond frustrated, he began walking amidst the men again to talk with them and try to raise their spirits.
Chapter Fifty-Six | The Winter Storm
From the eastern to the western coast of Jennai, and south into Ephrath, the lands were blanketed by the winter storm front. It spanned nearly two thousand miles and carried with it a harsh blizzard that formed a virtual wall of ice as it drifted slowly southward. It turned the shelter of the Towers and Barrier Keep into prisons and as men huddled around fires in hearths or built in whatever shelter they had been able to find, shivering until their sides hurt, they lived with the terrible knowledge that their relatives would also be unfortunate enough to experience this horrific and unnatural winter storm. It was a strange and abnormally cold storm that laid siege to everything it touched. None were safe from it.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The winter storm was closing on Castle Ephrath with lethal certainty and already the wall of hail could be seen in the distance as it started its deadly approach. On the walls of Castle Ephrath the men on duty shivered in the cold and Thomas Brantide, first born son and heir to King James Arthur Brantide, stared out at the impending storm from a place of relative safety up high on the wall walk. The wall of white ice was frightfully visible and unnerving as it moved toward them from the north, consuming the homes of the people of Ephrath as it approached. The homes and businesses still visible were quickly swallowed as if by some fearsome white beast seeking to devour its prey without mercy.
Thomas judged that the hail would move over the castle in slightly less than an hour. He perceived the frost his breath created in the cold winter air, and recognized the rapidly dropping temperatures as a forecast of the atrocious winter storm’s promise of freezing temperatures.
He discerned that nothing and no one would be able move within the confines of the coming storm. Indeed, he felt sorry for anyone that was caught in it without proper shelter. Regardless of his heavy attire, Thomas shivered beneath his dense wool cloak and hood. The tip of his nose felt as though it was nearly frozen and his cheeks and lips burned from the cold winter wind. He craved the warmth the castle held within its interior walls, but would not show such weakness to his men. This was the first time his father had given him responsibility as his heir…the first time it was needed. He would not disappoint his father or his men.
My father would have been caught in this, he thought silently to himself and knew it was true. The army the king led northward to assist Barrier Keep and the towers would have already been overwhelmed by this deadly snowstorm. Thomas could only hope that his father and his men had been able to find shelter before the worse of it hit.
He let his eyes wonder over the countryside still untouched by the coming storm, wondering if it would all be in such good condition after the storm moved on or faded from existence.
To the northwest something caught his eye as it moved out of the forests and into the outskirts of the surrounding township. He curiously stared at it and realized it was men on horseback, a large group of them, and they were leading several mules packed with supplies. The men on the wall beside him noticed them as well, and were pointing. Whoever it was, they were racing toward Castle Ephrath.
Thomas glanced at the storm and back again…already he could see pieces of ice the size of small balls striking the buildings and trees north of the castle. The newcomers were in a race with the storm, trying to arrive ahead of it. He watched as they pushed their horses to move faster. The mules were slowing them down but two large white wolves snapped at their heels to make them move faster. The mules responded with kicks and began to pick up their pace. But the hail that foreshadowed the winter storm was gaining on the group rapidly.
Thomas turned from the parapet and yelled, “Open the gates!”
Men rushed to obey and he waited until he heard the telling sounds of gears turning as the gates were cranked open. He returned to his place on the parapet to check the progress of the riders. They were already dodging the first shards of ice falling from the violently dark sky but they kept moving as a unit toward the castle. One of the mules went down, struck in the head by the deadly hail, and the rider leading it let go of its guide rope and raced to catch up to the others. As they drew closer, Thomas could see that part of their group were bound by ropes to the pommels of their saddles. These men looked panicked and desperate, while the others around them remained calm and determined.
Thomas watched as the barrage of hail increased around the riders and he suddenly realized that he and his men would also be in danger soon.
“Abandon the walls,” he yelled above the howl of the wind. “Everyone off the walls! Get under cover!” He watched as the men did as told, waiting until the last man had left the wall and then did so himself. Hurrying down the stone steps into the courtyard, he turned toward the gates and raced in their direction.  The gates were still opening, their movement slow and cumbersome due to their heavy weight and construction. He joined with the men who were pushing on them to hurry them along. The wind increased in its strength, and he felt snow pelting his side as he strained. Finally, the gates were open enough to allow riders through. He stepped into the opening and gazed out at the riders, keeping himself under the gatehouse so that he was protected from the coming hail. Giving a shout to open the stable doors, he waited.
Although the surrounding countryside was already lightly covered in snow the courtyard of Castle Ephrath was thawed and the ground within soft. It was kept warm by the network of underground hot springs that ran beneath it. The riders were drawing closer now and ice began to pelt the courtyard, forcing what few men that were out in the open to dodge for cover. Several raced to the stables to open their doors as ordered so that the riders could ride directly into them and reach cover quickly. Heavy balls of ice struck the ground of the courtyard with such force that they became embedded in the soft earth.
Thomas suddenly stepped out of the opening and the riders burst through, the full onslaught of the hail storm close on their heels. He had just enough time to see the riders enter the stables without stopping, and then the icy wall of hail engulfed everything. The light of the day was immediately blotted out, reducing everyone’s range of vision. They could see, but it grew noticeably darker because of the storms arrival. The ice storm plunged from the dark and cloudy sky with such intensity that stepping into it would be tantamount to suicide. 
“Close the gates!” he yelled, unsure if his men were even able to hear him over the roar of the storm and the booming sound it made as the hail struck the earth and the castle walls. The gates began to close slowly. “Seal the gates and get under cover!” He yelled at a nearby soldier. “Have the men get out of this storm and into shelter!”
His orders given, he raced under the shelter of the wall walk around the interior of the outer wall, still having to dodge chunks of ice that threatened to strike his legs. He reached the rear doors of the stables and darted into the building in a rush. Safe once more, he turned briefly to close the doors to the stables, looking one last time out at the storm. Finally, he turned to greet Castle Ephrath’s visitors.
The newly arrived riders were climbing from their horses. They were wrapped in heavy cloaks and several of them reached up to loosen the ropes that bound others to their horses. It was a large group of men, all moving with purpose.
“Who are you men,” he asked above the wind howling through the rafters of the stables. “And what leads you to risk being out in this deadly storm?”
One of them turned and stepped forward, reaching out a hand in greeting. Thomas took the hand and shook it firmly as he tried to see the man’s face beneath the darkly shadowed hood that covered his head. After a moment the man reached up and drew the hood back.
“Father?” Thomas reacted in surprise.
The man before him wore an expression of confusion at the young man’s reaction. “I’m sorry,” he responded. “I’m not your father, lad.”
Thomas looked more closely at the man. Another man, this one taller and more powerfully built beneath his heavy cloak, stepped forward quickly and pulled his own hood back. “There is much to explain, Thomas,” he replied. “But would you mind if we got out of these damp clothes and got some warm food into our bellies before we speak of them?”
Thomas recognized the voice and turned to the man. Standing there before him was his brother whom he had not seen in years.
“Talon?” he asked, confused.
Chapter Fifty-Seven | It’s War
On and on the storm raged. It imprisoned people in their homes and shelters. Some were forced to go days without food. Donteous Brantide and the Barrier Wardens were well-stocked, having prepared for a siege, but others were not nearly so ready for the vicious storm. The ground of the countryside was pommelled by the hail and then frozen by the merciless snowstorm that followed it, and only the grounds inside Barrier Keep and Castle Ephrath remained soft, though muddy from the rapidly melting ice and snow. The winter storm began to slow late in its forth evening over Barrier Keep and soon the snow began to fall less heavily. The frigid cold was still there, but Donteous Brantide thanked the gods that the worse of the storm was passing. 
When he felt it safe to send men out onto the wall walk, he joined them with young Samuel at his side. The wardens on the wall gave alarmed cries as they viewed the Seneca Inlet.
The normally rapidly flowing waters that connected the Tranquil Sea to the Savage Sea were now motionless and frozen. His eyes widened in shock at this unfortunate turn of events.
Deep in the trees opposite, he could already see the tops of siege engines being moved toward the distant shore of the inlet.
“Oh, shades!” he exclaimed. “Man the walls! Archers prepare at the barricades!”
He turned to Samuel.
“Lad,” he said with urgency. “The message you will carry has now become even more important. You must tell the king of the inlet, and tell him that against those siege engines the keep may well fall before he and his army arrives. Tell him to beware! Only the gods could have sent that blasted storm and accomplished such a feat. Only their magic would be powerful enough!”
“I will, sir,” Samuel remarked with a whisper filled with fear, but also with determination.
Donteous’ expression softened and his eyes filled with moistness. “And tell him,” he began. “Tell him his younger brother has always been proud of him. Tell him…tell him I love him.”
Samuel knew what the Warden General was saying, even if the words were not being said aloud. He didn’t expect to survive the siege. Samuel’s eyes filled with tears. Why must everyone close to him have their lives ended so abruptly and with such violence?
Donteous reached out a hand and passed a sealed scroll to the young man. “Be strong, lad,” he said. “And deliver this into the hands of the king. Do not fail me…do not fail the Wardens.” He patted Samuel on a shoulder and the young man impulsively reached out and hugged the Warden General. “It’s okay, lad…go. And be well.”
Reluctantly, Samuel pulled back and hesitated, and then turned and raced down the ladder to fulfill his mission. Donteous Brantide watched him go with a heavy heart. After several minutes, Donteous looked about him. Nearby wardens were staring at him and he saw in their faces that they knew what fate had in store for them. Yet none of them, not a one, showed even a glimpse of fear.
“Let’s show these savages why they should fear the Barrier Wardens, men,” he called out. “Let’s show them that we will not die easily nor alone!”
Even as he raced back down the ladder to assist in the preparations, he knew that in the end, all would prove futile. They had lost the one advantage they had…the rushing waters of the inlet would have prevented those siege engines from crossing into Jennai. As his men raced to assess damages from the winter storm and make ready for battle, he looked around desperately.
“Axemen,” he yelled. “Get through those gates and start breaking up that ice that covers the inlet!”
The axemen armed themselves and raced out of the keep and to the shoreline to do as ordered. They began hacking at the ice but the effort was slowed because the ice was so thick. Behind the barricades nearby, archers rapidly set themselves in preparation as the first line of defense.
Across the inlet Skarn archers suddenly rose from beneath and behind the snowdrifts on the opposite shore and fired their own deadly arrows at the axemen. A dozen died before the soldiers even knew what was happening, and the remainder was forced to retreat back into the keep as the warden archers tried to return fire.
Donteous Brantide cursed himself for having wasted the lives of the men who died in what would ultimately prove a fruitless effort. The axemen could not have done enough damage to the ice that covered the inlet. Even if they had managed to do so, the Skarns would have crossed somewhere further upstream. He berated himself for not thinking things through properly. He had to get it together. The inlet being frozen had thrown him off, but the wardens and the people of Jennai could not afford any more such mistakes.
Outside the keep, the archers continued to release wave after wave into the enemy that was now advancing onto the ice. He watched for a moment and was suddenly inspired.
“Load the Ballistas!” He shouted as he rapidly climbed a ladder that led back onto the wall walk. “Fire them at the center of the inlet!”
The ice would be thinnest at the center of the inlet. Perhaps his men could weaken it enough so that when the siege engines passed over, it would crack and break apart.
He called the archers in and ordered the gates closed and sealed and commanded the buttress, a second, heavier steel door be lowered behind it. The barrier dropped slowly into place. It made the gate to the keep nearly impenetrable.
“Archers,” he shouted. “Get up on these wall walks and prepare to cut down the enemy! You other men! Start hauling the oils up there and get it heating!”
Shades, he thought. We won’t last until reinforcements arrive.
He ordered the small catapults loaded and prepared. He would wait until the time was right to use them. Looking around and seeing his men busy at work, he stepped to a rampart and watched as the enemy crept closer and closer, braving the frozen surface of the Seneca Inlet.
Chapter Fifty-Eight | The Barrier Wardens
The arrow flew high and true, slicing through the air with a whisper as it soared toward its target. A moment later it started to decline in its path until it finally struck with such incredible force that it penetrated several inches with the impact into the shield of the Skarn savage it had been aimed at. Within seconds more arrows followed, filling the sky with so many arrows that what little light penetrated the dense clouds overhead was momentarily blacked out on the snow and ice beneath.
This is how the final battle of Barrier Keep finally started…not with a bang, but with the whisper of an arrow seeking its target. The wardens of Barrier Keep had survived the winter storm that had been unnatural in both its timing and its strength. A few had died, yes…but now the storm was gone and surrounding the keep was a frozen wasteland and an army of savages the likes of which no Warden alive had ever seen approached from the north. The Skarn horde advanced relentlessly as they brandished their swords and waved their shields. 
The terrible storm that had only ended hours prior had frozen the Seneca Inlet as Sigard Ryeholt had promised his men it would.
The barrage of arrows struck amongst the Skarns with deadly results. Hundreds of the savages failed to raise their shields above their heads in time and paid for it with their lives. But those who died were easily replaced by the legions that followed close behind.
Donteous Brantide glared out at the tall, mobile towers that were beginning to make their way across the surface of the inlet, still out of range of his archer’s arrows, but unstopping in their low progression. From atop the towers of Barrier Keep, units manned the mounted ballista’s that now fired into the advancing army.
Still he had not given the order to fire the catapults into the enemies midst. He had given his men their orders and they awaited his signal.
He knew he and his men held the advantage if not for the four siege towers the Skarns were even now pushing along across that frozen inlet. The siege towers were constructed of wood harvested from the forest of the Barrier Mountains and his archers were ready to set them aflame should they come within range.
His archers and Ballistas continued to fire into the advancing army with relentless fury, and the Skarns died in large numbers as a result of the ongoing bombardment. There were too many of their enemy and already many savages had gained the closer shoreline.
He watched the siege towers as they approached the weakened center of the inlet. He let them come.
A small distance further and the first would be in range, but he would let it come. His goal was to destroy more than one of the towers. His archers released another volley into the hordes as more Skarn soldiers reached the shoreline. These were more battle ready with shields quickly raised over their heads, and though many still cried out in pain, most survived the attack.
He looked again at the siege towers, and saw that the remaining three had reached the center of the ice. “Catapults,” he called loudly. “Release your loads!” He raised his right arm and gave the signal and huge boulders were suddenly flying through the air toward the center of the inlet. The Skarn horde paused in its advance to watch the boulders rise and pass high over their heads, then plummet downward to strike not the siege towers, but the frozen surface of the inlet that supported them. The weakened surface began to crack as boulder after boulder smashed into it, and finally through it. With incredibly sudden panic, the advancing horde ran for whichever shoreline was closest.
The ice beneath the siege towers gave way and began to collapse. The towers began to collapse with it. The inlet’s rushing waters that had been trapped below the frozen surface now pummeled it with such force that the center of the surface began to break away piece-by-piece. The towers were battered and began to break apart, tipping and landing on the ice, causing it to break even more. A gap appeared and started to expand in size, spreading toward the shores and along the length of the inlet, constantly growing due to the sudden freedom of the rushing waters.
The first tower was nearing the southern shoreline and Barrier Keep and the archers turned their attentions to it.
Up and outward blazing arrows flew. The added weight and resistance of the flaming pitch on the heads caused many to fall short of their target, but many more found their mark and set the remaining siege tower aflame. Skarns raced to douse the rapidly spreading fire, but in moments it was burning too strongly to stop and already the ice was beginning to collapse beneath the struggling savage’s feet. Within moments the siege tower became a pillar of flame as the men around it screamed and tried to escape to the nearby shoreline. They were greeted by the hungry arrows of the warden archers. The Skarns that had already reached the shoreline shouted curses t the wardens of the keep. On the walls above, the wardens cheered as the rushing waters of the Seneca Inlet began to flow freely once more.
Donteous watched the nearby siege tower burn and then be washed away by the powerful current.
Maybe, he thought silently to himself with a grin. We will survive after all.
Throughout the remainder of the day, his archers fired at the Skarns who had gained the shoreline until they retreated into the nearby forests. He was sorely tempted to send men after them, but it was growing dark.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

As the sun rose in a cloudless sky the following morning, Donteous Brantide regretted that decision. More Skarns had made it across the inlet than he had originally believed and in the distant forests, he and his men could see new siege towers being built. He judged they would be finished within a day.
After making himself sure that none of the savages were immediately outside the keep, he sent several dozen men out to collect the sand filled burlap sacks that had been used to form the barricades along the shoreline. They would be used in the catapults. After this, he ordered his men to rest in shifts. They would need it, for the next day death would likely come calling for them all.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

The Barrier Wardens inside the keep had even less time to rest than expected. It was very late into the night when the first siege tower came against the southern wall of Barrier Keep, vomiting Skarns over the ramparts and onto the wall walk. The small force of guards on duty rushed to fight them and somehow managed to set the tower aflame to prevent it from being used again. Alerted, other wardens joined the battle and the invading savages were quickly dispatched.
Still dark an hour later, another tower came against the eastern wall, but his men had heard it coming and were prepared. As archers fired arrows relentlessly into the opening of the tower, others poured hot oil down into it and set it on fire, killing the men inside and lighting the night.
Almost instantly, another tower came up against the west wall, this time unexpected, and what seemed like a hundred Skarns flowed over the ramparts and onto the wall walk before his men were able to enter battle with them. The savages were able to set defend themselves this time.
As more Skarns came up through the siege tower, Donteous Brantide joined his men in battle. It all became a blur for a short time as he swung his blade at every legitimate target that came within striking range. Slews of Skarns died, but so did many of the wardens. Eventually, the Barrier Wardens managed to win over on the invaders, but it was too late to be of any help. Already, two remaining more siege towers came against the north wall and poured the enemy into their midst.
The Wardens fought gallantly, refusing to give ground. Savage after savage died. Somehow, Donteous ended up fighting in the courtyard of the keep, a gathering of wardens around him, trying to protect their leader. He saw several of the enemy rush into the gatehouse, but was unable to fight his way clear to stop them. Slowly, the reinforced steel door was lifted and the gates were opened.
Donteous Brantide had known before the battle that Barrier Keep would fall. Upon seeing the frozen surface of the Seneca Inlet he sensed a gods hand in the assault. Although the waters of the inlet now flowed freely and his men fought with honor and skill, the Skarn army was thousands stronger than the men in the keep. Somehow, more had managed to cross the inlet elsewhere, and they had focused their attack on the keep.
He noted hundreds of Skarns entering through the gates, but it no longer mattered. He knew how this would end.
“Take as many with you as you can, wardens!” He shouted to his men, and a collective war cry rose from their midst. That he and his men were going to die was no longer in doubt.
The storm, that blasted storm, he thought as he fought. It has proven our downfall!
In the bloody blur of the fighting, Donteous Brantide saw a tall and powerful man climb off his horse and start fighting his way toward his own position. Donteous recognized the man as the one who had stood upon the shores of the Seneca Inlet only days prior, taunting the wardens with his presence. Donteous refocused his efforts and began to fight his way toward the approaching commander of the Skarns as his men were slowly being overwhelmed around him.
Then suddenly the fighting stopped around him and the enemy formed a large circle, surrounding him as the massive man approached. He held a large battle axe before him and wore an evil grin.
Donteous Brantide was exhausted as he looked around. The last of his men were already dying on the wall walks, and not a one remained alive in the court yard. He looked to the man who would be the death of him. The savages watched him with a hungry look in their eyes as their leader pushed his way through and stopped to look at Donteous.
“You will die now, weakling,” Sigard Ryeholt called out to him. “And then I will take my army south to kill the men of Jennai and enslave your women and children.”
Donteous tried to catch his breath. He was exhausted and already on the verge of collapsing. He wondered if he had one last battle within him, hoping against hope that he could at least kill this man. But as he lifted his sword to the ready, he knew it was a false hope. Drawing in a deep breath, he charged the larger brutish leader of the Skarn horde. He barely saw the man’s axe blade flash in sudden movement. The evil grin of Sigard Ryeholt was the last thing he saw in this life. 
When it was over Sigard Ryeholt stood over the headless corpse of Sir Donteous Brantide, brother to the ruler of Ephrath.
Barrier Keep had fallen.
Chapter Fifty-Nine | A Tower Falls
Not long before Barrier Keep had discovered a frozen Seneca Inlet, the twelve Wardens were huddled around the fire place within the barrier tower they were assigned to when the storm outside finally began to fade. It was dark outside, but nearing dawn and the men gave a cheer as they realized the storm was breaking. Immediately, they began moving about the interior of the tower, preparing for the battle to hold the tower against invasion. As the temperature slowly began to rise, the commanding officer and his men risked trying to open the door to the tower. It was stuck, frozen in place, and it took several of them repeated attempts to force it open.
Finally, the door opened and the men were immediately greeted by a cold, harsh winter wind.
The officer sent two men to check their horses in the stable while others went to the nearby well to draw water. They immediately learned that the horses were dead and the water in the well was frozen solid. That was when they finally looked north toward the portion of the Seneca Inlet that they were assigned to watch over. The surface of the normally rapidly flowing river was frozen and coated with a thick layer of ice and snow. Already, they could see the savages making their way onto the ice to cross the inlet unhindered.
Alarmed, the commander ordered his men back into the tower and they sealed the iron door with crossbars. From the top of the tower, they watched as the Skarn horde advanced, hundreds, thousands strong. Some of them carried ladders to climb the outer wall of the tall tower. Before them rode a man who was massive in his saddle.
The commander of the wardens and his men prepared for a battle they had no hope of winning. In the end, when history looked back, the people of Jennai would call the Barrier Wardens lost heroes, but this small group of fighting men did not consider the future. They were focused on doing exactly what they were meant to do. They would do as the Barrier Wardens were formed to do. They would defend the tower to their dying breaths in the hopes that the king would be able to raise an army to come and fight back the enemy. The same was true of each of the Barrier Towers and the men within them.
For the Barrier Wardens, the end had come. For the people of Jennai, the end might well be just beginning. As the towers and the keep eventually fell, the Skarn invaders came together and Sigard Ryeholt and his force began the trek south toward Ephrath, leaving the dead to bury themselves.
Chapter Sixty | Home at Last
Jason Branton sat in a heavy oak chair at a table that was covered with a remarkable amount of foodstuffs. Around the table sat Thomas Brantide, Talon and the Zionists. Thomas was staring at him and cocking his head slightly as though trying to figure out the answer to some great question. As Jason swallowed a mouthful of some pheasant he hoped was chicken, his own thoughts were a mass of confusion.
Thomas Brantide had thought he was his father, the King of Ephrath, and as he sat in the dining hall he let his eyes wonder over the great tapestries that lined the walls. The kings, past and present, were depicted in the hanging fabrics. He absently admired the art of each until his eyes came to rest on one that showed a king that looked remarkably like him.
“Enough suspense, Talon,” Thomas was saying. “As happy as I am to finally see my older brother again,” he replied dryly and nodded toward Branton. “I must know who this man is and why he so closely resembles our father.”
Branton looked at Talon, wanting an answer as well. All this time they had travelled together, Talon had never mentioned his resemblance to his father. Why?
Talon cleared his throat and glanced at Jason, then turned to face his younger brother.
“Jason Branton was lost at sea and washed up on the shores near my home,” he said. “He was very sick from his ordeal, and so the village people who had found him asked me to use my herbal skills to help him.” He paused for a moment as he once again looked at Branton. “From the moment I saw you, Jason, I saw your resemblance to my father. I do not understand it, but it is true. That is why Flint Beltide seemed to recognize you, along with Scarborough’s men in Selman Ri.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this,” Jason asked. He still wasn’t sure how he should be responding to all of this. “Why keep it from me?
Talon shrugged. “When I first met you, I was unsure you could be trusted,” he answered. “You could have been a part of some elaborate scheme against my father.”
Jason nodded in understanding. “And if so, I was a threat to the kingdom,” he replied dryly. “And now? Do you still find me untrustworthy?”
Talon shook his head and answered, “No. I have come to know you too well to think that. My instincts tell me you are caught up in this with the rest of us and I believe the story of your boat sinking.”
Prince Thomas interrupted. “So you came seeking our father,” he remarked. “Well, you are a bit late for that. He has raised an army to support the Barrier Wardens to the north.”
Talon stiffened. “The Skarns are on the move?” He asked.
Thomas nodded.
The dining hall’s double doors suddenly swung opened and Talon’s other siblings came rushing in. Annabela didn’t bother to say anything as she rushed around the table to wrap her arms around her brother.
“Talon!” She cried with joy. “Where have you been? I’ve missed you so much! Tell us of the adventures you have seen! Have you married?”
Talon laughed. “Slow down, little Anna,” he said. “I have only just arrived after a long journey!” He ruffled her hair with his powerful fingers. “You have grown since last I saw you, little sister.”
Anna nodded excitedly. “Soon I’ll be old enough to ride into battle with you!”
Talon saw a nearby Candice rolling her eyes. He smiled at her and she approached with her hands clasped before her. “Hello, brother,” she said. “We welcome you with joy back to your true home.”
Talon smiled as he reached out and pulled her close in a powerful hug. “Candy girl,” he laughed. “Ever the prim and proper lady of the house! It is good to see you, sister.” He glanced around and saw Philip grinning widely nearby. “It is good to see you all.”
“So,” a woman’s voice said from the doors. “You’ve returned.”
Talon looked up to see Queen Tiffany standing with a young toddler in her arms. She was staring daggers at him. Finally she looked away and her eyes fell upon Jason Branton.
At first she thought she looked at her husband who should have been away at battle. But as she looked more closely, she noticed subtle differences.
“Who is this man?” She demanded abruptly.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

It was nighttime on the first evening of the winter storm. Hail could be heard as it pelted the stone structure of Castle Ephrath with unrelenting fury. Jason Branton had gone to his room to rest for the evening, with two Zionists stationed outside his door. The others had also retired for the night.
Talon sat before the hearth with his brother Thomas, absorbing the warmth and talking of old times. At the moment, both had paused in remembrance of times past, enjoying the fond memories of their childhood together.
Thomas reached into his tunic and pulled forth a small scroll that was rolled and sealed with wax. He waved it at Talon.
“Father gave this to me,” he remarked, serious now. “He said that he wished he could speak with you in person, but he wanted me to give this to you if you ever returned from your travels.”
Thomas paused. “He was uncertain, Talon, that he would survive this war with the savages from beyond the Barrier Mountains. He wanted me to give you this letter if I saw you, saying that it would hopefully help you gain some understanding of some sort.”
He handed the scroll to Talon, who reached out and took it and then held in in his hand, considering whether he would open it.
Thomas looked at him. “There is something amiss, my brother,” he replied. “Uncle Nathan had visited and brought sad news. Sir Andrew Atkin, the First Knight and Lord of the Isle of Flowers, is dead.”
Talon paled. He had liked Sir Atkin, who had treated him as a grandson. It was staggering news.
Thomas continued, “The high king and father had retreated down to the crypt as they always did, but they were down there for a long while. When they returned, father called me to his chambers and told me that he would be returning to Ohmsford with the high king. The arrival of a messenger from Barrier Keep forced him to change his plans.”
Talon stuck the scroll into his tunic, deciding to read it when he was alone. He told his brother of the men at the mine and the details of their journey. He revealed to a surprised Thomas that the Zionists who travelled with them were former lepers who had sworn to serve Jason Branton. They talked well into the night and eventually the hail stopped barraging the countryside, only to give up its place to a blizzard that showed even less mercy to the people of Ephrath.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~

Talon sat alone before the fire, thinking. He remembered the scroll in his tunic and reached in to pull it out. He stared at it for several minutes. It was likely the words of his father saying goodbye as he rode into battle and Talon debated with his inner thoughts as to whether he should even open the scroll. He had no desire to read the last words of his father when the man was likely still alive and kicking.
He turned his gaze to the flickering flames in the hearth, considering. Eventually he sighed and broke the wax seal on the scroll. Unrolling the stiff parchment, he held it up before the fire. The light of the flames shown through the thin pressed parchment. The words were written in the hand of King James Arthur Brantide.

My dear son Talon,
It has been five long years since I last looked upon you, but I have received news of your travels from time to time. It is said that you are a stout fighter and a man of honor. It makes me proud to hear these things said of the boy I raised. It truly does.
I have to tell you something important that I would prefer to do in person, but I cannot be sure I will return from this battle alive, and Thomas was the only man I felt I could trust to deliver this letter unopened should you return to Ephrath.
I beseech you, do not reveal what I am about to tell you to any except our family or those you trust completely. Your life may well depend upon it.
I have kept the truth of your birth for all these years. It was not something I wished to do, but it was important for your safety. Know this…you are my son in all the ways that matter. I love you dearly.
Your mother was not some barmaid I seduced while on campaign. Your mother was much more. She was my sister, Rena Brantide. And I am not your father, Talon, not by blood at least. I know this will be difficult for you, but you must know the truth.
Many years ago, before you were born, Rena fell in love with a man she had known for most of her life. He was a man of great honor and nobility. He loved her as well, and in time they married in private within the mountains of the Whispering Peaks. There on their wedding night, they entered a cabin and consummated their marriage. On that night, you were conceived.
Your father did not know this, for he and I had to ride out on campaign against Pors Malys immediately the next morning. We were many months away. Your father missed your mother greatly.
Your mother carried you to term, but there were complications during your birth. She did not survive the labors of birthing you. But you were born strong and healthy, and your mother held you and told you she loved you with her dying words.

Talon paused in his reading, tears filling his eyes. He looked at the fire, slowly shaking his head, then let his eyes return to the parchment and the words it contained.

My sister loved you, Talon. You must never doubt that. She often spoke to you of that love while you were safely nestled within her womb. Word was sent to us of your mother’s death, but her maid servant, Flora, felt it wise to keep your birth a secret until she could deliver you to your father’s welcoming arms. We were told that Rena had been pregnant, but that both of you had died in labor.
Your father lost his reason for living. He fought in the final battle against Pors Malys and his army with reckless abandon. I believe he meant to die in battle. But he did not. When the war was over, the Scarboroughs knew that a ruler must be chosen, but they did not wish such a ruler to be chosen from the House of Brantide. Nor did I, or anyone else, wish a Scarborough on the High Throne.
And so, it was suggested that your father become High King and that he would marry the daughter of Zaccari Scarborough. Recently widowed from his secret marriage to my sister, he agreed reluctantly and only for the good of the realm.
Talon, your true father is High King Nathan.

Talon paled in shock, but forced himself to continue reading the long scroll.

Please understand. We did not know of your existence. It wasn’t until months later that Nora, your mother’s maid servant, arrived at Castle Ephrath in secret and with you bundled in her arms. She told me the truth of what happened and I realized that you were the heir to the realm and the High Throne. But you were young and I knew that Zaccari Scarborough would see you dead long before you reached adulthood. It was his desire to gain control of the throne through his grandchild born of Nathan and Adina, his High Queen.
For your own safety, I could not tell your father that you were alive, Talon. If I had, he would have embraced you and proclaimed you his heir, and you would soon be dead from some poison slipped into your bottle when no one was looking.
So I swore Nora to secrecy and asked her to remain your nanny on staff at Castle Ephrath. I told Tiffany the lie that you were my baseborn son, and you were given the baseborn name of Talon. I know it was hard on you, but it was the only way I could think to keep you alive.
Nora helped to raise you, as you well know. Only she, and my brother Donteous, knows the truth. This parchment is your proof should you ever desire to reveal yourself as heir.
What you do now is your choice. I would only encourage you to not act rashly and to give yourself time to think.
Never forget that to me you are a son of mine and that will never change.
Your father, King James Arthur Brantide

Talon reached the end of the scroll and let his hand lower to his knee, releasing the scroll. It dropped to the polished marble floor with a whisper.
His mind was a mess with emotion and racing thoughts, and he suddenly found it hard to focus. Could it be true? He wondered. It seemed impossible that the man who had raised him was not his father. That alone was shocking. But the rest was impossible to believe.
The high king…his father?
Talon reached down for the scroll as he heard someone enter the chamber behind him. He rolled it closed and carefully placed it within his tunic once more. After a moment, he decided that he needed to speak with Nanny Flora in order to get the truth of it. He rose and turned to leave, and saw the dark silhouette of Thomas framed in the doorway of the chamber.
“It’s bad, isn’t it?” He asked.
“Surprising, and a bit unbelievable,” talon said. “Do you know what is in here?” He patted his tunic where the scroll was located.
Thomas shook his head. “No,” he said. “But I knew it was important. Father would never have left a simple note to say goodbye. He just doesn’t work that way.”
Talon nodded and said, “You are right about that. But I now find myself wondering if I ever truly knew him at all.”
Thomas’ expression grew puzzled. “What do you mean?”
Talon hesitated, but he knew Thomas could be trusted, along with a few others. If what he had just learned was true, there was one person he knew he would tell.
“It seems father is not my father after all,” Talon replied with a low voice. “The letter he wrote tells me that my father is Nathan.”
Thomas released a sudden breath. “What?!” He almost shouted, but somehow managed to keep his voice low enough to avoid making up the entire castle. “How is that possible?”
Talon produced the scroll for Thomas to read, and the two of them moved to the hearth where the light was better. He read silently, eyes widening at parts, and when he was done, he slowly looked up at Talon.
“Incredible,” he said as he handed the scroll back to him. “All these years you were treated badly by others because of the supposed circumstances of your birth.” He suddenly grinned. “And one day you will rule over those who have treated you badly. It would be hard for me to not use that opportunity to rub your heritage in their faces.”
Talon shrugged, returning the scroll once more to his tunic. “I’m not even sure I believe it,” he said. “And I’m certainly not sure I want it made known at this point.”
Thomas nodded. “What is your next move?” He asked.
“I was on my way to wake Flora and get her word on this,” Talon answered. And then I suppose I must take Jason Branton to see father…our father.”
Thomas shrugged. “I think that I send a force with you,” he remarked.
Talon straightened and said, “I do not need protection.”
Thomas smiled and replied, “The force is not for you. That winter storm likely did much damage and I suspect father will need more men to fight off the Skarns. Will the Zionists travel with you?”
Talon nodded. “They seem determined to remain at the side of Branton to protect and serve his wishes. They will insist in going on the journey.”
Thomas frowned and said, “That is one curious man, Talon.”
Talon smiled. “You do not know the half of it,” he said. “His similar appearance to father cannot be coincidence. And his name? Branton? It is very close to the name of Brantide, isn’t it?”
Thomas nodded. “That is it,” he said. “One day you will need to tell me what you learn of him.”
“Sure,” Talon returned with a grin. “I’ll just have you down to my palace in Ohmsford and we’ll discuss it over tea and crumpets.”
The two men laughed and playfully shoved one another.
Chapter Sixty-One | On the Move
The winter storm had finally broken and King James Arthur Brantide sent half of the Kings Guard out to the surrounding countryside to gather his army together.
The only remnants of the harsh storm were a cold breeze that was slightly chilling and the snow that covered the ground around them, but heavenly compared to the weather they had been exposed to over the previous days. James smelled the air and took in the pleasant smells of his surroundings.
They had easily found the missing men buried in the snow not more than fifty feet from the barn, and James set several men about to bury them.
Across the nearby countryside, he could already see soldiers and citizens’ alike coming from their shelters to assess the damage done by the storm. As more of his army began to arrive, he sent a portion to gather the wagons and take inventory of the food stuffs and supplies. The only good thing from the experience of the storm had been that their food was preserved in a frozen state. He immediately had the food divided in half and distributed to the local homes that had sheltered him and his men. To the owner of the barn, he provided coin because of the damage they’d been forced to do in order to survive.
It took several hours to assess the true amount of damage to his army. His initial force had suffered losses, but not dreadfully so. Only close to five hundred men had been lost. It was not good news but it could have been much worse. The surrounding countryside and crops had suffered the worst damage, and he knew that the people of Ephrath would have a very hard winter if he did not take proper steps to keep them fed.
But first he had to quell an invasion.
By early the next morning, his army of just over four thousand soldiers began their arduous march north once more. This time, many were forced to walk as over half the horses had been lost to the winter storm. As they travelled, James sent scouts ahead to seek out opportunities to purchase more horses, though he knew they would never be able to replace all they’d lost. The men took turns riding on the wagons to rest. Their march quickly became miserable as the heat of the sun in the clear sky slowly melted the snow on the ground, and the resulting water, mud and mush soaked the men’s boots through.
But still they marched. They had no choice. If they did not, all of Jennai would suffer, starting with their own homes.
It was in the middle of the second day of their renewed journey that the scouts spotted a lone rider ahead of them and riding in their direction.
It was a young warden named Samuel, and he carried with him a letter from James’ brother Donteous, the Warden General.
Chapter Sixty-Two | Talon and Tiffany
Nora had done more than confirm the circumstances of Talon’s birth. She had presented to him a letter from his true father that proved Nathan had been married to Rena, presented in the high king’s own hand.
Talon had read it, and thanked Nora for all that she had done for him. She cried openly and told him that she loved him like a son, and Talon smiled and hugged her back, wondering how many times he would hear that phrase in the coming months.
Now he stood outside the door to his father’s sleeping chambers, hesitating. To each side of the door stood her guards, who eyed him carefully, but offered no argument to him knocking and awaking the queen. The Queen’s Guard knew him well, and Talon briefly suspected they had known the true circumstances of his birth all these years. He quickly shook off the idea. His father…King James…had said in the letter that it was a closely guarded secret that only three people had known.
“Will you be standing there the whole night through, Talon?” asked Jeb, the guard who stood to the right of the door.
Smiling, Talon remarked, “I might. She won’t exactly be happy to see me.”
Lucas, the other guard, said, “Especially not with you waking her by barging in to see her in her bed clothes.”
Talon blushed. He reached up and knocked on the door with enough force to wake the queen who slept within. It was several moments before a sleepy sounding voice answered.
“What is it, Jeb?” The queen called out.
Jeb leaned close to the door and said, “You have a visitor, milady. He awaits here to gain audience.”
“Who is it?”
Talon spoke before Jeb. “It is me, queen,” He said. “Grant me access to speak with you. It is important.”
The queen responded immediately. “Go away. Now.”
Talon shook his head, and both Jeb and Lucas both grinned. They were enjoying the goings-on. It wasn’t often the monotony of night guard duty proved to be interesting.
“I will not go away,” Talon told the queen through the closed door. “This is too important to let your petty prejudice get in the way. Open. The. Door.”
Now both of the Queen’s Guard looked at his seriously, considering whether Talon wished to harm the queen. Their hands dropped to the hilts of their swords.
“My queen,” Jeb spoke loud enough to be heard through the door. “Would you prefer Lucas and I force the king’s son to leave?”
For several minutes, the queen did not respond. All three men waited outside the door, wondering if the queen had simply gone back to sleep. Finally, the door unexpectedly swung open and Queen Tiffany glared out at Talon with hatred clearing displayed in her expression. She had always viewed Talon with utter contempt. He was, after all, proof of her husband’s infidelity those many years ago.
Talon remembered the pain of being rejected by a stepmother who despised him. That’s why the nanny Flora had played such an important role in his life. She was the only true mother he had ever known.
“What is it, Talon,” As she said his name, she emphasized it as a title, rather than his name. She was referring to him being baseborn in a spiteful way. “Come to rub it in my face that you have returned?”
Talon shook his head. “No,” he returned. “But what I have to say is for your ears only. Will you speak to me in private?”
Lady Tiffany hesitated, and Jeb spoke up. “We can’t let you enter the queen’s room with your weapons, Talon.”
Talon shrugged. “If you will grant me audience, milady,” he said. “I will relinquish my sword and knife willingly.”
Finally, Queen Tiffany relented and stepped back into her room. Talon unbuckled his sword belt and handed it to Lucas, and then handed his knife to Jeb.
“The boot knife as well, Talon.” Jeb said with a grin.
Talon smiled and withdrew the blade, handed it to Jeb and walked into his father and Tiffany’s bed chamber. She was seated at a small table, staring at him with anger as he entered. She had lit several candles and a nearby lantern for light. She waved to the chair across the table from her.
“Make this fast,” She replied coldly. “I need my rest.”
Tiffany was making it obvious that even though she would listen to him, nothing he could say would matter. Talon suspected this was far from the truth, but sat in the chair indicated. He was silent for a minute as he stared at her. Tiffany was a beautiful woman and a loyal wife. His father had a happy life with her and the only sore spot in it would have been the arrival of Talon into their lives.
Throughout his childhood, Tiffany had tolerated his presence, but had not been shy of her dislike of him. At first, during his early years he had done his best to earn her affections, wanting desperately to have a mother. She’d rejected him constantly. He learned to recognize the hate in her eyes as she looked at him.
And he had not really blamed her. In his own eyes he had deserved nothing of the life his father provided for him.
“Well?” Tiffany requested after Talon had been silent for too long.
He smiled slightly, trying to ease the mood. “I will be leaving to take the stranger Jason Branton to father in the morning,” he told her. Seeing her eyes light up with hope, he continued. “But I will need to return for a time, I think.”
“Please tell me that you are not planning to become a regular fixture in Castle Ephrath once more,” she remarked. “I would rather you did not.”
My, I had forgotten how much venom my step mother has, Talon thought silently. He shook his head.
“Fear not,” he said. “I’ve no plans beyond solving the mysteries that have arisen.”
“Mysteries?”
Talon nodded and explained, “There is Jason Branton, of course. His is a mystery that must be solved. Also there is the mystery of Scarborough soldiers seizing the iron mine in the Whispering Peaks.”
Tiffany straightened. She may detest Talon, but she was also the queen. “They did what?”
Talon told her, “One our way here, Jason…Jason Branton and I encountered several people telling of a group of soldiers with the Scarborough banner taking over the iron mine and stealing the ore for Zaccari. We were attacked by eight of his men in Selman Ri.”
She stood, angry now. “Why did you not mention this earlier?” She demanded. “I must tell Thomas to send a force to the mine and retake it!”
Talon looked up to her and grinned. “Already done,” he said. “I would like to say that I had a strong hand in retaking the mine, but the truth is I was captured by Scarborough’s men and held prisoner. Jason Branton had been forced to flee, and later returned with a small force.” He didn’t tell her that the force had consisted of lepers. “They retook the iron mine in short order.”
Tiffany relaxed and sat down again.
“But,” replied Talon. “Thomas will need to send a small force to hold the mine. Branton’s Zionists currently hold it in order to keep it secure.”
Tiffany’s eyes widened. “He has an army of his own?” She asked.
Talon nodded. “Apparently,” he explained. “People are drawn to him and his faith. He has performed several miracles throughout our journey. There are many mysteries to the man called Jason Branton.”
Tiffany nodded and both became silent for a time, considering the ramification of the events at the mine. Finally, Tiffany asked, “Do you believe the Scarboroughs are preparing to go to war against the high king?”
Shrugging, Talon said, “I do, but proving it will not be my responsibility. We have the soldiers that survived the attack of the Zionists locked up in the dungeons waiting to be questioned. I fear Thomas may well have to do the questioning.”
Tiffany considered for a moment and said, “I will help guide him. And I will make sure trustworthy messengers are sent to High King Nathanial. He must also be informed of this.”
At the mention of the high king, Talon blanched. The reaction did not go unnoticed by the queen.
“Is there something more?” she demanded of him.
Talon hesitated and Queen Tiffany made as if to stand.
“There is one more mystery that I have only just become aware of, stepmother,” he remarked.
“Do not call me that!” she snapped with her voice full of scorn. “Do not ever call me that. Tell me this other mystery you mention and then go.”
Talon reached into his tunic and withdrew two scrolls. One of them was from his father. The other was from…from his true father, which had been given to Flora for safe keeping. “It will be easier to show you,” Talon replied dryly. He handed the scrolls to Tiffany and she read the one from Nathan first.
Tiffany paled as she read it. Finally, once she was finished, she asked, “Is this real?”
“It is,” Talon said. “But there is more. Please, read the other one as well.”
The queen unrolled the second scroll and immediately recognized her husband’s handwriting. She began to read with a fixed expression of anger. This was a letter from her husband to his baseborn son and she regretted that she even had to read it. But as she read, her expression slowly began to change and her eyes filled with tears. At one point, she glanced up at Talon questioningly.
“I know,” he said and watched her continue reading.
After several minutes, Queen Tiffany lowered the scroll and looked across the table at him.
“All of these years,” she whispered as tears freely flowed down her pale cheeks. “He never…”
“He never cheated on you, Tiffany,” Talon responded. “He stayed true, and although he knew the lie would cost him the trust of his wife, he sacrificed that trust for me.”
Tiffany stared at him. She was in complete shock and it showed strongly. Eventually she said, “I treated you so poorly…”
Shrugging, Talon said, “There is no denying that, milady. But I always understood your hatred. I never faulted you for it.”
She leaned back in her chair. “But now,” she said. “I must live with the knowledge and the guilt.”
Talon shook his head, smiling reassuringly. “Do not blame yourself for any of this,” he said. “Neither of us knew the truth. I cannot even justify blaming father, for he was only trying to protect me.”
The reality of it all struck Tiffany. “This means you will inherit the throne.”
Nodding, Talon replied, “If I live that long. I am planning to ride toward a battle come morning after all.”
“Should you be taking such risks now?” Tiffany asked. “You have a responsibility to the High Throne now.”
The thought of her caring for his welfare struck them and both broke out in laughter. It was the first time the two had even shared a smile, let alone laughed.
Tiffany managed to find her breath first. “Really, Talon,” she said. “I am sorry for all of those years of abuse.” She meant it.
Talon stopped laughing, but kept his smile. “Apology forgiven, Tiffany,” he said.
She suddenly reached across the table and took his hand gingerly. “Thank you. But I was serious when I said you have a responsibility to the throne now. You should not recklessly risk your life.”
The sudden contact with his stepmother felt strange, and he was unsure of how to react. After a moment he said, “I have yet to claim my place in the Kernin bloodline. For now, I do as needed, and that means solving the mystery of Jason Branton.”
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Morning came and Thomas proved true to his word. Somehow throughout the night he had managed to gather a force of two thousand men to accompany Talon, Branton and the Zionists on their journey. It was a miracle of an accomplishment, and Talon asked him how he achieved it.
“If I’m truthful,” Prince Thomas replied. “I was already calling in more troops in case they were needed to help father. Now, they will also act as a Prince’s Guard.”
Talon immediately shushed him. “Keep that knowledge to yourself, brother,” he said. “I’ve no wish to have to watch my back in case the Scarboroughs find out there is an heir in line before Prince Wesley.”
Thomas grinned. “I’ve told no one,” he remarked. “But you sure have been spreading it about! Mother came to me this morning with the strangest tale…”
Talon laughed and said, “Oh be quiet, Thomas!” He paused and then said, “That is a wound I am glad has closed though, little brother.”
Thomas smiled. “It is a good thing,” he responded. “But I really do wish you would stop calling me brother…” He lightly punched Talon on the shoulder.
The two of them laughed.
Chapter Sixty-Three | All Things
It was bright and sunny when the force of over four thousand set out from Castle Ephrath on their journey to the north. The skies were clear, and even the snow had now melted.
Several Zionists road ahead of Talon and Jason Branton, their intention to watch for ambush along the road they travelled. Jason had left his yellow crate at the castle, but the white sack of armor was stashed on one of the supply wagons. On his back was strapped the Sword of Truth. He rode a new horse as well, a younger one that was trained for combat and for travelling great distances.
Talon was silent as they left. His sisters and brothers and even his stepmother waved as they left.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Far to the East, pass the Whispering Peaks and well beyond the village of Selman Ri, two creatures of legend approached the outskirts of the village of Nu Pike. Both were hounds of a sort, born of the same mother. The first, named Cerberus, had three heads, and the other, his brother, had two heads.
Theirs was a mission of judgment and they were sent by Zeus to make an example of Nu Pike. They were to enter and kill all of the inhabitants of the tiny village so that all would know that to follow Jason Branton’s god would incur the wrath of the gods of Saran.
The sun was only now rising further to the east, and as the sky began to lighten, the two hell hounds began to trot into the village. They would show no mercy and grant no quarter. Theirs was a mission of death.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Sigard Ryeholt and his army of ruthless savages waited amongst the forests and valleys along the road to Barrier Keep. The keep was left behind soon after its defenders had been dispatched without mercy. They left the dead to rot within the walls of the barren keep, not wasting time with the burying or burning of the corpses of their enemies.
Sigard Ryeholt was pleased with how his war was progressing. He looked forward to the rewards that Ares would heap upon him once Jennai was fully conquered. He had no fear within him of failure.
Even now, his men were well hidden amidst the landscape, awaiting the approach of the King of Ephrath and his army. And soon, as the force marched pass them, the savages would leap from their places of hiding and attack.
Sigard Ryeholt smiled and felt it was a good day to kill the enemy.
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
Just north of Barrier Keep, across the rapidly flowing Seneca Inlet and from deep within the forests, another force moved with care, making its way southward. Well over one thousand men dressed in forest leathers and carrying bows and swords followed one man. His true name was unknown even to him, but all called him The Hunter. He was the chosen leader of the woodsclan people.
His force moved silently, leaving no trace of their passing. The warm sun had already melted the snows into water that was quickly absorbed into the earth. None of them spoke. Instead, they used hand signals to communicate.
The Hunter approached the shoreline and gazed across the inlet at Barrier Keep. He could see, even from this distance, that pikes had been thrust into the ground outside the walls of the keep, and upon the points of those pikes were the heads of the wardens.
He frowned and gave a hand signal, and the first of his fellow tribe members dove into the cold waters of the Seneca Inlet. Perhaps the people of Jennai would have been too weak to survive such an experience, but his people were accustomed to the cold. As the first group swam against the rapids, others stepped forward and dove into the waters. When all had gone before him, The Hunter took one last look behind him and walked into the water himself, smiling.
It is a good day to hunt, he thought. Long had he and his people hidden from the sight of man, both civilized and barbaric, and now the time had come to reveal their existence. But first he and his fellow tribal members would remove the heads from the pikes and bury the dead.
After all, the tribe wanted their new home to be pristine and clean.
END
Thus ends the first eight books of The Twice Born King. The final volume will be released in a complete novel that will answer all questions. It is currently a work in progress.

Please email the Author at sales@petedutcher.com if you would like to be notified of upcoming releases.

Thank you.

