

Winter Solstice 
Winter

 A Viking blood Saga

Book 1

E. J. Squires




This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. 


First edition September, 2013.



Copyright © 2013 E. J. Squires
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1483975754
ISBN-13: 9781483975757



Praise for Winter Solstice Winter

“This book is going to grab every reader from the first page and hold you until the last, which is how it was with me. Layer upon layer has been created with this book to make it utterly entrancing. I may be going a little horn tooting in this review but I feel that strongly about this book, anyone who loves fantasy, history and love is going to love this book and I highly recommend it. The one and only complaint I have about the book is that it ended!  I look forward to more of this saga for sure.”
Ambrosia Jefferson – book reviewer, fire & ice book blog

“I cannot believe this was E.J. Squires' maiden writing venture—. I adored Squires' writing style; rich, dreamy and action-packed. I would like to call Winter Solstice Winter as one of the best Viking sagas ever written— An instant 5***** to author.”
Arienne Claire – book reviewer, a bookworm blog

“Narrow escapes, cunning puzzles and romantic and family dramas made Winter Solstice Winter an engrossing read.”
Joe Neely – Goodreads user

“Come and lose yourself within a spectacular world of feisty summer sea breezes and endless winter nights, fear, honor, mare demons and lightelves, enchantresses and monarchs, discrimination and loss, friendship and romance, hope and death and lives that come in threes—”
Angela – Author and Goodreads user

“I was instantly drawn in to the story. It is an incredible, amazing and well-written book— There are epic bloody battles, Vikings, love, romance, danger, mysteries, demi-mortals, supernatural and shape-shifters. I can not wait for the next book!!”
Aliree Paul – Goodreads user

“I will definitely be looking for the next one because my least favorite part about the ending was that it ended at all.”
Samantha – Goodreads user

“Superbly written with excellent character development and story details the imagination is enthralled in this unique fantasy tale. Young and old alike will enjoy being whisked away to another time and place.”
Cheri – Goodreads user

“Her characters are as richly drawn as her settings.”
Timya- Goodreads user

“This is a great story about how true love can even conquer death. It is a fantasy folklore with dangerous Vikings. With plenty of action and heartache it keeps you reading and wanting to know what will happen next— A love scene so fulfilling you will remember it long after.”
Julie M. Wallace – book blogger and reviewer

“This book has all of the most popular elements of epic high fantasy: an exotic setting, larger than life characters and adversaries both of the supernatural and human variety.”
Jason Brannon – Goodreads user

“Fantastic! This was crazy good. A must read, cannot wait for the next in the series. I am addicted to this series, so much so I read this in a day!”
Melissa Stone – Goodreads user

For my husband, Aaron
For my mother, Unni
For my father, Thor
For my children Sophie, Joseph and Thomas
 And finally for my ancestors


Also By E. J. Squires

Summer Solstice Summer – A Viking Blood Saga
Book II
 (Coming December 31, 2013)

Fall of the Nine Realms – A Viking Blood Saga
Book III
(Coming June 31, 2014)





Prologue

‘Long live the forgiving summer, and stay the deadly winter.’
Amber rays from the setting sun kissed the majestic Bergendal Mountains, as the deep sapphire waters from the old sage ocean veined through them, like they had for millennia. 
Townspeople were industriously working to increase their food storage and insulate their humble homes in preparation for the winter that was just around the autumn bend. Bergendalers were well-familiar with the preparations they needed to do before the first snowfall, for generations had gone before them, from season to season, in the same manner. Life for the northerners had been the same year after year, generation after generation, with only small variances sprinkled through the monotonously repetitive days and nights.
‘Long live the forgiving summer, and stay the deadly winter’ the northerner’s had pleaded their Norse gods for century after century, but no such plea was ever granted, for the balance in Midgard needed to be kept. 
The deceptively pure white winter was as ruthless as one’s nemesis, and though many might be granted a merciful death by her this year, many more would live to tell the tales of her prowling, silent assassinations. Winter changed boys' hearts into men and girls' innocence into wisdom – if one dared to stare winter in the face and stand up to the fears she forced into each mortal’s delicate heart. But winter was not here yet, only a looming promise soon to arrive. 
The Northlandic Castle stood on top of a soft sloping hill in the center of the valley. A soaring square-shaped impenetrable outer-wall with circular watchtowers at each corner protected the castle from possible attacks from Vik people. 
From each of the watchtowers hung blue, red and gold Bergendal crest ensigns. Rectangular shaped banners displayed a red serpent dragon holding a golden torch of light in one hand and a diamond sword in the other. Freedom, Balance and Light were King Olav’s mottos for his reign. Around the beast was one blue square, signifying Midgard’s four protecting Sentinors and one brown square signifying the four corners of Midgard. Above the dragon hovered a circle half-shaded navy, half-shaded light yellow, representing the crucial balance between day and night, light and darkness, progress and rest. 
Both the inside castle and the outer wall had been built out of a rare grey marble that carried a sheen and sparkled when it came in contact with sunlight, making it look lighter than it really was. Seven round, dark-grey steeples towered the skies on the inside keep, where the Sun Queen had resided for centuries.
‘Long live the deadly summer, and stay the deadly winter.’ But this coming winter would not be like other winters before. For this winter would be an eternal one, instigated by a dark being whom no one knew existed, and whose power was so consuming, that not even the gods of Midgard themselves could destroy. 



1

The Northlandic Kingdom  
Year 1007
The Escorts
 

I do not want to do this, Lucia thought, as she led the burial torch procession down the fog-filled streets of autumnal Bergendal. It was the day before the Late Summer Festival, a day that had been started in honor of Queen Maud when she had finally, after fifteen years of failing to produce an heir, conceived her first child, Lucia. Now Queen Maud was dead, and Lucia would be crowned Queen on her eighteenth birthday come December. 
I hate my father.
Lucia’s father, King Olav, had forced her to lead the town’s people through the city’s filthy, narrow streets. All those who mourned the passing of her mother, Queen Maud, reverently followed her in the snaking light parade. 
I just want to be alone right now. 
Her light blond hair gleamed in the light of the torches and unmercifully lit up her tear-streaked face in the night. 
Why did my mother have to die? 
She felt utterly alone now.
Citizens whispered sorrowfully about the tragic news they had heard earlier that day from the town crier’s lips. “The Queen of The Northlandic Kingdom is dead!” he had said, weeping as he had broadcast the tragedy from farm to farm, house to house, door to door. “The Sun Queen is dead!”
The procession ended in the castle courtyard in front of the unlit kindling and log pyramid structure. Lucia squeezed her torch in through the openings of the stacked wood, causing it to catch fire. She waited until the flames rose to the heavens and then signaled to Nora, her mother’s elderly handmaiden, to approach her. 
Nora curtsied, her kind eyes lowering to the ground. Nora had been Queen Maud’s handmaiden since before Lucia was born, and Lucia could not imagine a life without her. Nora was like a nurturing grandmother, always caring, always loving Lucia, even when she deserved it least. Her nearly silver hair was usually kept in a loose braid, and the deep grooves in her face stood as proof of all the happy and sad moments she had experienced in her lifetime.
“I am ready to retire for the evening,” Lucia said, taking Nora’s arm in hers. She pressed back the tears that were threatening to well up again.
When Lucia finally went to sleep that night, dreams of her childhood overcame her quickly. It was a welcome escape from her new reality of loneliness. 

*    *    *

The next morning, news came that one family’s longhouse had set fire by a torch from the light procession. The flames had passed too close to the straw thatch roof, lighting it and burning their humble home to the ground in a merciless flame. 
“The Queen is cursed,” the ill-fated family had declared, spreading the rumor like a raging inferno. It came to be believed through the city that night that Queen Maud’s spirit had been rejected from Valhalla, because she had been sympathetic to the new, Christian faith, and that she would continue to haunt Bergendal until a proper Norse burial had been performed. 
“Did you hear the news, Lucia? Did you?” Olav barged into her room red-faced with the guard who had delivered the gossip. “They say your mother is cursed. Cursed! How dare they?” His hands flailed in the air as he spoke. “No one grieves the loss of Maud more than I, and no one will be allowed to tarnish her memory!” He stood erect, like he always did when he was angry. 
What about me? I grieve her. Lucia watched her father flinging and shattering goblets, vases, and anything else he could get hold of, on to her black mahogany floor. She thought that he had gone slightly mad, as his hazel eyes filled with wrath. “Father, I need—I do not want to—” Tears, tears and more tears. Olav had never been a loving father to Lucia, and had even broken her arm in a fit of rage when she was just eight. She had hated him ever since. It frightened her that he was now going to be her only parent. She thought about Soren, her betrothed, and how she could not wait until she was married to him, so she would not have to deal with her father’s fury anymore. 
Olav trudged over to her bed. His hands hit his hips. “I need you to follow my instruction. You will need, as the future queen of the Northlandic Kingdom, to take your responsibility seriously. You will be crowned Queen on your eighteenth birthday. Stop feeling sorry for yourself! This is not about you!” He ran his long fingers through his salt and pepper hair.
Lucia’s tears fell onto her silk bed sheets. “I—I am sorry, father.” I miss mother. I hate him. She felt like such a child around her father, when all she wanted was to be treated like an equal, like an adult. Lucia snapped. “Just leave me alone!” she yelled, slamming her delicate fist into the bed. 
Olav stood speechless for a while, before he said, “You are an enigma, Lucia. Do you know that? One moment you are as sweet and innocent as a bird, and the next, you are like a vicious dragon, spewing fire. You need to work on your temperament before you become Queen.” He stormed out of her chamber.

*    *    *

Olav summoned Lucia to the throne room later that afternoon. She forced herself out of bed, knowing the consequences would be severe if she did not heed her father’s commands. Swollen-eyed and numb, she got dressed and went to meet her father. 
Arriving in the throne room, Lucia saw beams of dust-filled light shining in through the stained-glass windows, illuminating three murals on the opposite wall. Her Aunt Vilda and an elderly woman were speaking with her father by the thrones. 
Lucia knew the murals well, but studied them anyway. Do not think about Mother. Do not think about Mother… 
The first mural depicted the universe as a giant ash tree, Yggdrasil, and its nine realms: Asgard, Alvheim, Vanaheim, Midgard, Muspelheim, Svartalvheim, Nivlheim, Jotunheim, and Helheim. Its branches extended high into the heavens and stood on three roots that extended into Urd’s well, Mime’s well and into the spring, Kverg. Three giantess Norns from Jotunheim sat spinning the threads of fate of humans and gods in front of the well of fate, Urd. 
The fierce Dragon, Dreadbiter, slinked below the giant ash tree and fed off of dead mortals that fell his way. Sol and Mani graced the sky, one pulling the sun, one the moon, across the heavens in their chariots. The rainbow Bifrost connected Asgard to Midgard, allowing for the gods to access the land of the humans when they desired. 
“It must be an Norse burial, with a human sacrifice, or Allfather Odin will release his wrath on Midgard,” Lucia heard the elderly woman say. “Queen Maud deserves that much.” Mother! Mother! Tears welled up in Lucia’s eyes again. She could not stop them from coming.
The second mural depicted Ragnarok, Midgard’s final battle, when most men, darkelves, dwarves, and gods would be consumed by the gulf of non-existence. The sweltering red, fiery orange and charcoal black battle scene appeared to burn on the wall. Pained faces of nameless warriors battled the armies of the Empress of Darkness, Eiess. The three-year winter had beckoned in the wolf Skoll, who had devoured the sun, and his brother Hati, who had devoured the moon. In the corner a cock crowed, signaling that the final battle of Ragnarok had arrived. 
“Maud wanted a Christian burial,” Olav said. “But I agree, Odin and Thor will not be pleased if we worship this dead, crucified god of hers. Her dying wish, though, was to be buried outside the Bergendal Stave Church, and that wish, I will honor.”
“But Olav, you must realize that Maud is dead now, and you must be strong for her. She was wrong in thinking that this new, feeble religion is true. You know that, I know that, all of Midgard knows that!” Vilda, Olav’s older sister, said. Her fat-laden arms jiggled as she swung them.
Lucia wiped the tears from her face. She is dead. She is dead. She is dead. 
The third mural depicted the new world, as it would appear after Ragnarok. Only a few living beings remained and stood by a waterfall, drinking from a fresh, flowing spring. Olav had told Lucia her entire life that she was the Great Sentinor who was pre-destined to lead the battle of Ragnarok. What does that mean anyway? I am not her, she had always thought, every time he had mentioned it, and she certainly did not believe it now.
 “In case you have not noticed, the new faith is gaining many followers, Olav. I have even heard the Christian Bishop claim that we as humans are children of this God. The curse of Odin will fall on all of Midgard if you let these blasphemers continue,” the elderly woman said. “And if you bury Maud in Christian soil, you will be sending a very strong message that this type of worship is condoned by you as their King!”
Vilda was panting as usual, her heavy chest moving with every breath. “And Olav, you do not want to be known as the King who failed in leading his people and brought the wrath of the gods upon Midgard, do you?” she asked. 
Lucia listened intently to their conversation. Did my mother die because she betrayed Allfather Odin? Lucia did not know. 
“Lucia, come here,” Olav commanded. 
Lucia dragged her feet over to the stairwell, leading up to the two thrones. She had not entered the throne room since her mother had fallen down those very steps. She remembered the moment of the unimaginable dread. Maud had called Lucia into her chamber a few days after it had happened. Her mother’s pregnant belly had become more pronounced. Her lips had looked purple, and her cheeks had been a whitish-grey. 
 “I want to prepare you for the next phase in your life,” Maud had said solemnly, resting in her bed. “As future queen of the Northlandic Kingdom, you have a great responsibility. The Aesira Jewel will soon be in your hands, and you must protect it with your life.” Maud had closed her eyes and moaned.
The Aesira Jewel? Lucia had no idea what her mother was talking about. “Are you all right Mother?” Lucia had asked. “Should I go get someone for you?” 
“Not now, my love. Do you remember me speaking to you about your twin sister?” Maud had asked.
“Yes.” Lucia remembered her mother telling her about her twin and how she had died at birth.
“Her name means light, just like your name does.” Maud had grabbed Lucia’s hand. “I had a disturbing vision about you, Lucia. Great forces are seeking you. You will be given a choice that will have eternal consequences for you and your family. You must follow Christ, Lucia.”
“What do you mean?” Lucia had asked. Her mother had not made much sense, and she definitely did not want to follow this White Christ if this was his way of rewarding his followers. She thought her mother’s new religion was bizarre and weak. Who could worship only one God? And she thought it was strange to believe that even a god could be all-knowing or good all the time. Lucia’s faith had many gods, more gods than she could even keep track of.
“A choice must be made by you, and you alone. That choice, Lucia, is whether to do what is right, even when you think and know you have been wronged, or to deceive and selfishly take what is not yours.”
“But I know I will choose what is right,” Lucia had said. “I do not understand what you mean, Mother. You look unwell. Let me get Father.”
“You choose your path, Lucia. Soren is not meant for you, but for another.” Maud had closed her eyes again and moaned. “Just remember—that no matter what you choose to do—I will never love you any less.” Her breathing had become labored. “And remember, after Ragnarok, a new world will be born, and—all the others will vanish. This is—the future.” Suddenly, Maud had begun to scream. She had grabbed her stomach as her body started contracting. 
“Mother! Mother!” Lucia had yelled. 
Everything after that had been a blur, from when she had run to get her father, to when she had arrived back at the Queen’s Chamber and seen blood everywhere. Her father had shoved her back outside and left her alone to deal with her mother’s screams reverberating in the cold corridor. 
“I want to talk to my mother!” Lucia had begged. “I need to tell her something. What is happening? Please tell me.”
“Lucia, Lucia, look at me, focus,” Astrid had said, coming out into the corridor. 
But Lucia had not been able to focus. She had not even been able to breathe. The only thing she had been able to do was run, run to her room and throw herself on her bed. 
Nora had finally come to her. “Your mother—” 
Lucia had heard her beloved handmaiden start to cry. She had sat up from clenching her tear-soaked silk pillow. “Is she all right?” She had seen the answer in Nora’s pained face, and known that her mother was dead. 
“Lucia!” she heard her father yell. Her father’s voice brought her back to the present. “Sorry,” she said. I just want to disappear into oblivion.
Olav clutched Lucia’s elbow and guided her over to the elderly woman. “This is Ada, the angel of death. She is the country’s most gifted burial sage. I have appointed her to arrange the funeral,” he said. 
 Lucia twisted out of her father's painful grip.
Ada was a sturdy old woman with one deep-set, beady eye. The old wench wore a black patch over the other eye, probably to conceal an injured or missing eyeball and she dressed in layers of black and red. 
Frightened, Lucia thought Ada might be a sorceress or a demon, or quite possibly both in the form of a woman’s body.
“You will follow Ada wherever she goes while she is here,” Olav said to Lucia in his usual stern voice. 
Lucia curtsied out of politeness. I just want to be alone.
“A pleasure to meet you, the future queen of the Northlandic Kingdom.” Ada’s voice sounded as husky as a man’s. She shuffled over to Lucia, her crooked cane beating the floor. “Our first assignment together, Lucia, will be to select a volunteer to usher Maud into the next life.” She turned to Olav. “When can you have the handmaidens and servants gathered?” 
“I will send for them immediately,” Olav said.

*    *    *

After the castle’s entourage arrived, Ada lined them up in two rows. One row of sixty-four women mirrored the fifty-two men on the other side. They were all dressed in blue wool, Bergendal-crested, servant clothes.
Ada stood at the end of the ghastly silent, inward-facing rows. She handed Lucia her cane. “I need a volunteer—one of Queen Maud’s handmaidens or servants to join her in the after life.” She started walking down the center with her hands behind her back. Her emaciated face looked like a ghoul's in search of prey. “Surely, someone must have loved the Queen enough to escort her back home.” 
A cough echoed in the room.
Did no one love my mother? Lucia thought.
“Surely one of you could grant the late queen this kindness when she has given so much to you.” Ada turned around at the end of the line and gestured to Queen Maud’s empty throne. 
After a long pause, Astrid, one of the Queen’s personal handmaidens, stepped forward. She curtsied. 
Lucia gasped. No, not Astrid! Losing another loved one felt like salt on a raw wound, though she knew that her mother had loved Astrid so very much, and the handmaiden would make a great escort. Then, Lucia saw a second young maiden step forward from the line. Lucia did not recognize her. She stood about a foot lower than Astrid. 
“Ragnvei and I have decided to join our beloved Queen Maud in Valhalla.” Astrid adjusted her navy scarf, which covered her dark blond, braided hair. 
“Do you concede, Ragnvei?” Ada asked.
“Yes—uh, yes I do, Your Excellency,” Ragnvei said, lifting her gaze slightly, shaking her head ‘no’. Her curly ash-brown hair fell, as she grabbed the scarf off of her head and twisted it in her hands.
Lucia could not fail to recognize the look of fear in Ragnvei’s large blue eyes. Does she, or does she not want to be sacrificed?
“Princess Lucia, do you accept these two women to escort your mother, the Sun Queen, Maud of the Northlandic Kingdom, to Valhalla?” Ada asked.
Lucia hesitated. 
“Your Highness?” Ada pressed, her voice unfriendly.
 “Yes,” Lucia whispered.
“What?” Ada shouted.
“Yes,” Lucia said, louder.
“Then so be it!” Ada yelled. “You will both join Queen Maud in helping her spirit return to the halls of Valhalla!” 
The group of previously petrified onlookers breathed with unencumbered relief. 
 “Ivar and Arne, take these two courageous maidens to the Queen’s guest chambers where they will stay until their sacrifice and burial,” Ada said. “It is a great omen to us all to have two handmaidens usher the Queen’s spirit. May all here today be witness to that these young women volunteered of their own choice to be sacrificed and buried with Queen Maud. And may the funeral preparations begin!” 



2

Burial

Next morning, before sunrise, Ada stormed into the sacrificial chamber with Lucia. Ada had filled Lucia in on the, according to her, “sacrilegious events” that had happened during the night. Ragnvei had said that she wanted to be let out of her commitment in escorting Queen Maud. Apparently Gunnar, her lover, had visited her during the night and tried to talk her out of it. Ada seemed furious.
“I have spoken to the King about Ragnvei, and I want you to know two things,” Ada said, speaking to the two handmaidens. “One, the King and I have decided to move ahead with the burial regardless of Ragnvei’s hesitation, and two, you will be sacrificed in the most painful way possible, so we can gain the gods’ favor again.”
“No!” Ragnvei and Astrid said at once. 
Ragnvei knelt on the floor and clasped her hands together. “Please, please don’t do this! Just let me go! I want to live, especially now that I know Gunnar loves me. He told me so himself!”
Ada smacked Ragnvei’s hands down. “I heard he visited you last night. He should be put to death for having meddled with my sacred rituals. I will not entertain a handmaiden’s faulty opinion when the doom of Midgard is at stake. And there is nothing quite so dishonorable as offending the queen’s precious name. Her burial is a serious matter, not one to be trifled with, or made into a mockery.” She stepped closer to Ragnvei. “You do not deserve to live, you thoughtless, undisciplined, pitiful woman. You are a taker—no, a thief, defaming the queen’s good name. It is actually better for you and society that you are dead.”
Lucia thought her words were a little harsh. “But,” she interrupted Ada, placing her hands on Ragnvei’s shoulders. “I think, if she will move forward with the right outlook, she will be remembered as a true hero in all the Northlandic Kingdom. Would you agree, Ada?”
Ada paused. “Well—yes,” she finally said.
Ragnvei’s demeanor changed, Lucia could see. Her eyes gave up the fight, and she looked as if she had just realized that her death was inescapable. 
“So, these are the instructions you need to follow in preparation for the burial—” Ada said. “First, you will be given vision-inducing drinks to help your spirits become more susceptible to the messages from the gods. Then, you will be brought to the doorway of Valhalla. Then, your bodies will be prepared for the sacrifice. You will then be strangled and stabbed to death, and finally buried with Queen Maud,” Ada finished.
Astrid breathed heavily, and from the pale look on her face, Lucia could see that even Astrid had not received the information well.
Ada huffed. “Stop looking so gloomy, girls. It is an honor to die this way. Just think of all the heartache you will never have to experience. And remember, no virtue is higher than honor.” Ada took Lucia’s arm and led her into the hallway. “Now, we dress your mother,” she said.
Arriving at the door to the Queen’s Chamber, Lucia did not want to enter. “May I have a minute?” she asked Ada.
“Yes, but do hurry,” Ada said, squeezing through the double doors. 
Lucia did not want to go inside, did not want to face her mother’s dead body, fearing that her lifeless image would be all that she would remember forever. Instead, she traced the intricate workmanship on the copper doors and dark-wooden doorframe with her fingers. The doorframe was carved with serpents, dragons and swirly Norse patterns, and was decorated with warriors holding their weapons, standing in their extended longships. Southerners consider us Vik people, just because we share the same land. Lucia didn’t want to be associated with those berserkers.
Ada stuck her head through the door crack. “Well, come on then—”
“Yes,” Lucia said. She felt exhausted and had barely slept at all last night, afraid she would be visited by Mare Demons, who would fill her nights with visions of her dying mother. Lucia entered her mother’s chamber, jumping when the double doors closed behind her with a thud. She saw her mother lying in her bed, lifeless and gray, just as she had envisioned. I cannot do this. 
Ada wasted no time, and began directing the servants, handmaidens and seamstresses, stalking their every move as they scurried to and fro, attempting to fulfill the angel of death’s every request. 
“Oil for the Queen,” Ada said, coming up to Lucia. She blessed the small glass bottle and handed it to her. “Cover every part, and I mean every part, of your mother’s body with this.” 
Lucia stiffened.
“Do it now!” Ada grabbed Lucia by the hand and pulled her toward the corpse. “Your mother’s spirit needs to know that it is acceptable to you that she leave Midgard. You must let her go, Lucia, or she will never leave Midgard, and she will be miserable forever. Think of your mother—not yourself. You do want her to be happy, do you not?”
I am not ready to let her go yet. But Lucia still nodded. 
Ada opened the flask and poured some of its contents into Lucia’s hands. “Like so.” She rubbed the oil onto Maud’s blue skin.
Together, Ada and Lucia began rubbing the sweet-smelling oil onto the surface of the Queen’s cold remains. 
After a few strokes, Lucia started to feel lightheaded and queasy. “May I step out? I am feeling quite ill.” 
“No, no, no, no! We must finish the preparation of the body,” Ada said.
Just then, Lucia vomited all over the floor and her black mourning dress. 
Ada huffed. “Am I surrounded by incapable helpers? Pull yourselves together! Now, you—” She pointed to a handmaiden. “Clean this mess up and let us dress the body with these clothes here.” She handed the clothes to another handmaiden. “I expect you to contain yourself, Lucia, you hear? Now, go change. Nora, you go with her.”
“Yes,” Lucia said. She ran to her room with Nora, who helped her change her clothes.
“Let us get back. Try not to think about it, Lucia. It will all soon be over.” Nora said, her voice trembling, her hands shaking as she helped Lucia. She stopped Lucia in the hallway before they entered the queen’s chamber again. “I too miss your mother, Lucia. She was a wonderful person, as are you.”
Lucia hugged her thin frail body and cried in her arms for a moment. I do not ever want to let go.
Maud’s body was fully clothed by the time they returned. Her new burial outfit was an intricately hand-stitched dress made from the finest indigo silk. On her feet, they placed pointy, silk slippers, embroidered with Maud’s name on them. A team of handmaidens and guards lifted Maud onto her deathbed and draped the lower half of her body with silk sheets. 
“Now, her hair,” Ada said. “It needs to be combed, and then these flowers need to be interlaced into her hair like so.” She showed them.
The handmaidens started combing the Queen's long, golden hair. They picked up the wicker baskets, containing the white wax flowers, and intertwined them through Maud’s wavy hair. 
Lucia stepped closer and added a few flowers. Her mother looked so peaceful where she rested. She almost appeared to be sleeping, and Lucia thought that just maybe if she shook her roughly enough, she would be able to wake up her sleeping mother. “Where are you now?” she whispered. 
When Ada had finished dressing Queen Maud’s body, she summoned Olav. 
Vilda came instead and approached Lucia right away. Her hair was in a fancy up-do. Though she had never married, she always wore a married woman’s hair-do. “Your father refuses to come. He will not say why, but I think he fears it will bring back too many memories of when our mother died,” she said. “He never truly recovered from that, I think. Oh, and he told me to tell you that Soren will not be able to make it to the burial. He is in the Southlandic Kingdom again, fulfilling a commission.”
Lucia felt slightly disappointed, but decided not to care at this point. She had only met her betrothed, Soren, on a few occasions, and she had felt uncomfortable around him because he had spoken to her almost as if he already knew her. He had never acted inappropriately toward her, just a little too informal, Lucia thought, though he had seemed eager to get to know her. She was glad she would not have to worry about entertaining him during the worst time of her life.
Morning rays from the stained-glass window beamed upon the corpse. “Then let us begin,” Ada said.
I am not ready, Lucia thought. I am not ready to let her go.
Ada moved forward with the ceremony anyway, and the burial procession stood ready to start in the courtyard within the hour. “Not a single hair must be out of place!” Ada said. Her eyes searched the line-up. “The Queen’s spirit is waiting for us to make a mistake so she can remain here in Midgard and plague us. I am sure you would not want that blame on your heads, would you?” She encircled each wagon, each person, and each animal, as she passed them. Finally, after having checked everyone and everything, she nodded to Olav at the front-end of the procession.
At the head of the procession marched Bishop Peter, who was carrying the Bergendal crest ensign. Lucia had heard that Bishop Peter asked her father to be left out of the “barbaric,” in his opinion, sacrificial ceremony. He had said he was a man of the Christian faith and had put aside his pagan beliefs and rituals, and that his conscience dictated that he not involve himself in these Norse burial ceremonies. Her father’s reply had been simple, yet to the point: If the Bishop did not concede to be part of the burial, Olav would burn down the Bergendal Stave Church and banish Christianity from being taught in Bergendal. Bishop Peter had happily complied. 
The Christian Bishop should not even be here. He is a bad omen. Lucia could not understand why her father had let him participate, even though her mother had wanted it. Olav had never been a supporter of Christianity while she was alive, so why start now?
Twelve Deacons, lined up in two rows, followed Bishop Peter. Then, came Maud’s deceased body. Four black stallions pulled the open cart and displayed the body for all to see. Thousands of white and blue flowers blanketed the dray’s exterior, and white silk streamers hung from each of the four deathbed posts. King Olav and Vilda rode their horses behind the Queen’s wagon. Then came the two white oxen, which would be included as sacrifices in the grave. 
Behind the oxen, fourteen horses were individually hand-led by their own handmaiden. The horses would be ridden until exhaustion, and then sliced up and thrown into the burial with Queen Maud. 
Next came the last animal sacrifice, which were Queen Maud’s seven lundehund dogs. They were believed to possess the power to guide her back to Valhalla and ensure her a prosperous journey. Nora, their main caregiver, led the yelping hounds. 
Lastly, four of King Olav’s guards accompanied Ada, Lucia and the two sacrifices. When Lucia had entered the wagon, she saw that Ada had already given Ragnvei and Astrid goblets with hallucinogenic drinks, which they were both sipping. Lucia thought the ride in the carriage seemed like a never-ending journey to the valley of death. She kept glancing over at a very fidgety Ragnvei. The handmaiden clenched her sweaty hands around the goblet, looking out the carriage every few seconds. Maybe she is still thinking there is a way out. Lucia thought the girl was a traitor. 
“Why don’t you seem nervous?” Ragnvei asked Astrid. 
 “I have been blessed by the gods with peace in my soul. I am looking forward to escorting the Queen back to Valhalla and to going there myself,” Astrid said, her words sounding like a chant. 
“So, you’re not nervous?” Ragnvei asked, clenching her fists.
“Stop speaking,” Lucia said. She wanted to focus on her mother, and on trying to let her go. She peered out the window and saw to her dismay the skies lightning up in the distance. A thunderstorm was on its way to Bergendal. Lucia hoped they would finish the burial ceremony, before the rain descended, so that her mother’s grave would not be filled with rain.
Suddenly, an ax propelled through the air, making a quick swooshing sound, and hit one of the guards on the right side of his head, embedding itself in his cranium, half of his ear on one side and half on the other. 
Lucia jumped and Ragnvei screamed as blood splattered all over her face and dress. 
Ragnvei looked out into the crowd. “Gunnar!” she yelled.
Ada stood up. “Stop the procession!” Unable to spot the perpetrator, she stepped fearlessly out onto the dirt road. “Ivar! Find whoever did this and kill him!”
“Yes, my lady,” Ivar said. He stomped off in the direction the ax had come from. Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime, Ivar returned.
“Is he dead?” Ada asked.
“There will be no more trouble from Gunnar today,” Ivar said dryly. 
Ragnvei looked like she was going to go mad. “Oh Allfather, Allfather—” she repeated over and over, her body swaying back and forth.
Ada stepped back into the carriage and slapped Ragnvei across the face. “Be quiet, or I will kill you here and now, you coward. This is a disaster! It is like a living mare dream has descended upon us! I cannot believe the disrespect you have for the Queen and for the gods.” 
Astrid closed her eyes and started humming. A single tear rolled down her cheek.
Why cannot Ragnvei just accept her fate? Lucia thought. 
Nearing the church, more and more villagers joined in at the tail of the procession. The Escorts’s wagon stopped, and Lucia and the handmaidens stepped out. The queen’s wagon rolled up next to the giant longship, which had been almost completely immersed into the black, rich, and newly exposed soil. Ada led the sacrificial escorts and Lucia over to the far western side of the cemetery where the Valhalla doorway had been built. The first ceremony would involve the sacrificial escorts, Ragnvei and Astrid.
“Drink,” Ada commanded the two handmaidens, filling their gold, ruby-bejeweled goblets with more hallucinogens. 
They both drank deeply from the goblets. The guards lifted both girls up high into the air, so they could peer over the doorframe. 
“What do you see?” Ada shouted.
“I see the dead queen’s grandparents!” Astrid sang. 
How does she know what they look like? Lucia thought. She is surely lying.
“I see nothing,” Ragnvei said, her eyes already dead. “Only grass.” 
The guards laughed. By the look on Ada’s face, Lucia could see that she had not taken Ragnvei’s answer well. The guards lowered the girls down, and Ada bid them to drink from the hallucinogenic drink again. They both drank more, especially Ragnvei, Lucia saw. Again, the guards lifted the women up at Ada’s signal. 
“Now what do you see?” Ada shouted.
“I see all my relatives!” Ragnvei yelled. “I—I think I see my dead grandparents in the distance!” Her eyes squinted. 
The guards lowered the escorts down again to the ground and Ada gave them to drink one last time. 
Is Ragnvei playing along now? Lucia wondered.
Ragnvei stepped closer to Lucia. “My hands and feet are tingling,” she said, her body rocking back and forth. She laughed.
Yet a third time, the guards lifted the handmaidens up. “And now, what do you see?” Ada asked. 
“Valhalla, Valhalla, Valhalla,” the crowd chanted rhythmically in the background, cheering the women on.
“I see—I see—” Astrid said. “I see Queen Maud in the after world, beckoning for us to come to her!”
“Let us go to her!” Ragnvei said. “Paradise is green and beautiful.” Ragnvei started to cry. “My tears are tears of joy! I yearn to reunite with the queen and feel proud that I’ve been selected to help her on her journey to Valhalla. It is beautiful on the other side: green, magical and peaceful.”
“She is there!” Astrid said, looking over the tall doorpost. “She looks young and healthy, and has a babe, her unborn son, in her arms!”
Lucia desperately wanted to see her mother again.
The guards lowered the two handmaidens down. 
“It is time.” Ada smiled.
As Lucia, Ragnvei, and Astrid made their way over to the grave, the pathway of people cheered them on. 
“I have never felt like someone important, but now I feel like the most courageous handmaiden in all of Midgard,” Ragnvei said to Lucia. She swayed and stumbled forward, singing a happy tune.
Lucia felt better now. At least Ragnvei seems at peace. The gods will be happy. Almost at her mother’s grave, Lucia saw her father and Vilda leaning over her mother, crying as they held onto each other in their grief. She could not help her tears from coming now, flowing like streams of agony down her pained face. She ran up to her father and held him.
Ragnvei stopped in front of them. “I saw your queen, Your Highness, and she is more beautiful and healthy than ever. Your baby boy was with her, and all is well.” Ragnvei said. Then she looked at Lucia. “Don’t mourn, Princess. Your mother will be in Valhalla soon. We will take her there safely today.”
Lucia acknowledged her with a nod and gave her a hug. “Please tell her—I—uh, miss her,” she said, wiping the tears off her face.
Ada, over by the tent, opened the flap and signaled to the escorts to get inside. She looked over at Lucia and waved for her to join them.
Lucia looked up at her father. “Do I have to?” She had not thought she would actually have to participate in this part of the ceremony. When she saw her father’s stern face, she knew the answer and started to walk over.
“No, wait,” Olav said, grabbing her by the arm. “Wait until I tell you.”
Ada turned to the multitude and addressed them. “Any man who desires, may enter now and consummate these holy sacrifices with his seed.”
Eleven men made their way over into the tent. One by one, and every few minutes, Lucia saw the men come out. Some were adjusting their shirts and trousers as they exited. When the last man exited the tent, Ada signaled to Ivar and four other guards to enter with her.
“Go now.” Olav gave Lucia a little shove. Lucia entered the tent.
“Make sure you tell your guards and the men in the crowd to beat their swords and spears on their shields as loudly as they can, so the women and children do not hear the screams of the escorts,” Lucia heard Ada whisper into Ivar’s ear. Lucia’s stomach churned, and she feared what was coming. 
“Yes, my Lady.” Ivar nodded. 
Lucia saw the highly intoxicated women, moaning and worming, as their naked, ravaged bodies lay on two wooden tables. 
Ada took a rope from the tool table and gave it to the guard above Astrid’s head. He wrapped it loosely around Astrid’s neck, waiting for Ada’s signal. Ada nodded to the guard at Astrid’s feet, and he tightly gripped the handmaiden’s ankles, pressing them down into the table. 
“Ouuuch,” Astrid squealed.
Lucia heard the hammering sound of shields and swords colliding outside.
“May you, handmaiden and chosen escort of Queen Maud, fulfill your purpose this day as we release your spirit from your physical body to usher the queen’s spirit to Valhalla!” Ada’s voice sounded like a mystical trance. She walked over to the table again and picked up a wide triangular iron dagger. Back at Astrid’s side, Ada raised the dagger high above her head with both arms and plunged it into Astrid’s chest. 
Astrid let out a loud shriek and arched her back in pain. The guard above Astrid’s head pulled the rope tightly around Astrid’s neck. Ada plunged the knife again and again into Astrid’s chest until she no longer moved. Blood spilt from the table onto the green grass below. Ada looked at the lifeless sacrifice and smiled. “Now, the other,” Ada said, turning her attention to Ragnvei.
Lucia was in shock. She had not expected it to be so vicious a ritual, but she did not want to close her eyes in fear that it would make her look like a coward.
“Wait! What is this?” Ada yelled. She pulled Ragnvei up by the hair. “Is this what I think it is?” 
Lucia thought it looked like a small tattoo in the shape of a cross in the nape of Ragnvei’s neck.
“So?” Lucia said. “She has agreed to be sacrificed, and she is even happy to do it now.”
“No, she cannot and must not be sacrificed. The gods will never accept one who has the indelible markings of another god on her body,” Ada said.
“But my mother must make it to the other side. She needs both of her escorts. Think of all the things that can go wrong if she comes to haunt us or comes to haunt you,” Lucia said.
“It is better this way. Ivar!” Ada yelled. 
Ivar came back inside the tent and bowed.
“Dress this heathen. She is impure, and of no further value in this ceremony,” Ada said.
Shocked, Lucia ran out to her father and told him what had happened.
Olav paused for a moment. “Yes, Lucia, you are right. The queen does need to make it to Valhalla today. But the sacrifice cannot be impure, or your mother’s spirit will surely come to plague us.”
 “And having her buried in Christian soil will not bring on the gods’s wrath?” Lucia’s face turned beet red, her eyes fuming at her father.
Olav lifted his arm, looking as if he would strike Lucia. Lucia closed her eyes and prepared for the blow, but it never came. Instead, when she opened her eyes, she saw him enter the tent. She had never hated her father more.
When the crowd saw Ivar leading Ragnvei out of the tent alive, they started to jeer and throw rocks at her. Olav stepped forward. 
“We have found the sacrifice to be impure. We cannot sacrifice a Christian to our gods, now can we?”
Hypocrite, Lucia thought.
“Nay!” The crowd yelled, and then grew silent.
“Queen Maud has Astrid with her now. And knowing my queen, she could get to Valhalla all by herself, even if she were blindfolded and gagged!
The crowd laughed.
“But, the gods would be even more pleased if we had another volunteer, one of you perhaps?” Olav said. 
The crowd hushed; uneasy eyes glanced around. 
Quietly, one maiden walked up to the platform. “I will go!” she said. “I lost my family to the Vik people. I have nothing to live for here in Midgard, and I have been looking forward to the day when I can die with honor and join my family in Valhalla!” She knelt before Olav.
“Do you accept her offer?” Ada asked Lucia and Olav.
“Yes!” Olav said.
“Yes,” Lucia said, feeling pressured into accepting a secondary sacrifice.
The crowd roared. A faint chant started in the back and waived its way to the front of the crowd. “Sacrifice her! Sacrifice her! Sacrifice her!”
Ada fetched the dagger from the tent and lifted it into the air for all to see.
“Sacrifice her! Sacrifice her!” The chant grew louder and louder.
Grabbing the young maiden by her red hair, Ada sliced her throat and let her collapse to the ground. She gestured to the guards to come pick her up. “Now, we bury the queen!”
Along with the escorts, Olav sacrificed the fourteen horses, two oxen, and seven dogs, placing them in the burial ship with Maud. Maud’s body was now covered with sheets of silk, so Lucia could not see her face. She was glad she did not need to see her mother’s face covered with dirt.
On the bottom of the ship, they laid her crown, her royal jewels, brooches, hairpins, necklaces and rings, her most loved dresses and her bone-carved combs. King Olav had also included four of Maud’s five sleighs, her carved four-wheel wooden cart, and her favorite copper chests.
As Olav rejoined Lucia and Vilda on top of the platform, reverence filled the air. 
Ada started speaking. “In life, she was a Queen worthy of praise and admiration, a wife, a friend, and the mother to all. Maud will be remembered by us as a generous, kind, and great Monarch. In death, she will advance even further and go ahead of her family to prepare a home for them on the other, better side. Now, we lay her body to rest and to sleep forever. Her spirit continues eternally beyond the grave. May her family find peace in her absence and look forward to the day when they will meet her again. For life is not the beginning, nor is it the end. Death is not a beginning, nor the end, but a continuation of the eternities we have always been part of. When you look at the Auroras in the sky, remember your ancestors, remember the spirits yet to be born, for they are there, always watching, always existing, and always a part of your journey. Will you pray with me?” 
Silence permeated the somber crowd. 
“Allfather, Odin, we release Queen Maud’s spirit unto you this day. We thank you for the time we had her here. We thank you for the memories we have had with her that we cherish in our hearts, even more precious than gold. Allfather in Valhalla, we ask: give Queen Maud rest, health, and peace with you. And may we always remember her, as we remember you and all the gods, in our hearts and memories eternally.”
The clouds were quickly moving in, threatening to fill the sunken burial ship with its rain. All the king’s guards started throwing dirt, rocks and soil into the ship. Little by little, the onlookers disappeared into their houses and farms.
Lucia could not stop the tears from coming, but she did not care. These were the last moments she would have with her mother here in Midgard, and she knew she had to do the right thing and let her go to be with the gods. 
“I have thought for days of what I might say to you, Olav, but there are no healing words strong enough to lessen your pain,” Vilda said to Olav.
“I believe you of all people are probably the only one who truly understands,” Olav replied.
He must think I don’t have feelings, Lucia thought. She despised him for that.
“I am surprised you buried her in Christian soil,” Vilda said. “And that you used her inscription on the runestone too.”
“Some things need not be justified, Vilda. Not even to you,” Olav said.
Vilda grew silent, but Lucia could see anger brewing in her navy eyes.
As the rain began to descend more heavily, they remained still, resolute, and immobile, waiting loyally to the end until Maud’s burial was complete. 
When the guards finally finished, twenty-four stones were laid down in the shape of a longship to mark the outer borders of the Queen’s grave, the longship’s dragonhead and tail still protruding from the black, fresh earth. A large runestone was set atop the burial. 
Lucia read it out loud:

King Olav had this stone erected in memory of his wife Queen Maud who died in childbirth.
May God and God’s Mother help the souls of Queen Maud and her unborn son.
Inside this grave the Beloved Blessed Queen Maud rests.
Concealed she’ll remain, and to us buried ever after.
The King Olav, in Holy rituals,
his Northern Queen, his Jewel, he released and freed
with Sacred sacrificial rituals.
Consecrated are these writing for her.
For Jesus is the Savior and one Redeemer and Elect
Sanctified, Hallowed Being.
Having been born of Mary and the Father, pre-mortally Chosen and Destined to live for all mortals
every one so victorious, their lives end.
Yet thankfully these sorrowful tears will vanish.
And conquer, Jesus will, the Devil and Destroyer.
Mournful are All, and all are crying with hidden faces buried inside their palms.
Bergendal city Christian church.

A deep red serpent border curved around the edges of the runestone and framed the inscription on it. Maud’s favorite symbol, the Valknut triangular symbol of pre-life, mortal life and afterlife, was engraved on the runestone’s top and on the back. She had written the inscription herself immediately after her fall and had demanded Olav put it on her gravestone. 
Lucia did find some comfort in the fact that her father had honored at least some of the Norse burial practices.



3

outcast

Today I will die, Ailia thought
She carefully peeled back the distressed linen curtain of their humble two-room longhouse, and glanced out the window. A trail of black smoke followed the Surtorians, the Empress of Darkness’s, agents. Empress Eiess’s longships had arrived at the harbor right after dawn, and Ailia knew that Eiess would burn the city to the ground unless Ailia surrendered herself. No one but Ailia and her family knew who Ailia was, and most didn’t even know that such an evil being as the Empress of Darkness existed.
Eiess found us again. 
Ailia had been hiding out in Whiteheim with her husband, mother and daughter for the past few months, but now it became clear to her, that no matter where they hid in Midgard, Eiess would track them down.
“They are almost here! You must leave! Leave now, with Freydis before the Surtorians find us!” Ailia yelled to her mother, Edna. Ailia’s heart hammered like rhythmic thunder, as if it was threatening to burst through her chest. “Oh, may the gods be merciful today!” she whispered, terrified. Her husband should have been back by now, too, and without him here, they had little chance of survival.
Suddenly, Ailia woke up gasping. Then, she realized what she had just seen was her recurring mare dream. She breathed a sigh of relief, glad she had woken up before the worst of it had come to her. However, she couldn’t quite shake the same thoughts and feelings she always had after this dream. She felt disturbed and frightened, as if the dream had a little more earthly weight to it than any other time she had dreamt it. 
I must keep myself hidden from The Empress of Darkness. I need to find this man who was my husband, so we can—why were we running from Eiess? It had seemed so important just a brief moment ago. The feeling of utter urgency started to dwindle and the details of the dream started to fade. She shook her head to try and get any other remnants of the dream out of her mind. The idea of a horrible empress pursuing her always seemed to be the hardest feeling to shake.
Ailia flung the heavy reindeer throw off her slender body and sat up from her bed. This was the third time she remembered having the same mare dream, and she felt even more confused than she had the first and second time she had dreamt it. Who is this empress I keep dreaming of, and why is she after me? And who is this man who is my husband in my dreams? Ailia needed to find the answer to both questions, even though the thought of it thrust her into a state of fear far beyond the borders she had ever thought she’d be willing to delve. 
Ailia could hear her Aunt Unni working in the kitchen, and heard the crackling sound of a fire coming from the hearth. She rose from her bed quickly and went to the basin near her bed. Then she splashed some water on her face and got dressed. She threw on her rust red wool shawl over her narrow shoulders. It’s cold today, she thought, even in the house. 
“What would you like for me to do to help?” Ailia asked as she entered the small warm kitchen. As always, it was stocked with pots, pans, ladles and various types of fruits and vegetables. She grabbed her white work scarf and secured her waist-length auburn hair with it. 
“Good morning,” Unni said. Her strawberry-blond, gray-streaked hair was also tied up in a scarf. “The carrots need cleaning.” She pointed to a heap of the dirt-covered vegetables on the oak countertop. 
Ailia thought Aunt Unni looked great after having gained some weight over the summer. The harvest had been plentiful this year, and they’d make it through the bitter winter months, probably even with food to spare. 
“Yes, Aunt Unni,” Ailia said, picking up the first carrot.
“I couldn’t ask for a sweeter girl than you.” Unni hugged Ailia generously, like she always did at the start of a new day. 
‘Fiery, but too kind,’ were the words Ailia’s Uncle Brander had always used to describe Ailia. “Ailia is too nice for her own good, and needs to stand up for herself more,” he had also said once, and Ailia didn’t like it one bit. She didn’t like him telling her that she was kind but had no willpower of her own, because she felt he was calling her naïve, and naïve people were the same as obtuse people in Ailia’s opinion. 
“Do you think I’m naïve?” Ailia asked Aunt Unni.
“Where did that question come from all of a sudden?” Unni said.
“Uncle Brander says I’m fiery, but too kind,” Ailia said, frowning.
“Well, you are kind, not naïve, and just the right amount of kind. And the fiery side of you helps balance you out.”
Ailia smiled.
“But remember, we love you no matter what,” Unni said.
Ailia sat down and got to work cleaning the carrots. The hearth’s flames burned eagerly in the center of the kitchen floor, heating the chilly room and warming her cold body. 
“Where’s Sigrid? Usually she’s up by now.” Ailia was not sure what her family would do without their hard-working thrall. 
Brander had bought Sigrid from a group of nomads when Sigrid was only twelve years old; years before Ailia had been adopted by Aunt Unni and Uncle Brander. Unni and Brander didn’t treat Sigrid as a thrall but rather as a family member. And even though Sigrid had a labored gait, caused by her left leg being significantly shorter than the other, she could still outperform any other thrall from any other farm. 
“I sent her out to fetch some more water for the stew,” Unni said, glancing up at Ailia. She placed heaps of potatoes into a wicker basket. “You look worried. Is everything all right?” Unni asked. 
Ailia sighed. “I had a mare dream again last night. It’s probably nothing.”
“The same one you’ve had before?” Unni asked. She wiped the sweat off of her forehead and onto her ivory linen sleeve.
“Yes,” Ailia said. “Thankfully I woke up before the worst of the dream this time.”
“Why don’t you share the whole dream with me? I know you don’t like talking about it, but sometimes God sends us messages in times of great need.”
Ailia hesitated for a moment and then nodded. “All right. Maybe you can help me decipher its meaning.” Ailia picked up another carrot to clean and sighed deeply. She recounted the dream to Unni. “I feel so scared in my dream.”
“You still sound scared,” Unni said, chopping the vegetables for the stew. “Make sure you get all the dirt off the carrots. Was that the whole dream?”
“Yes,” Ailia said, feeling her hands tremble as she worked.
“And do you die at the end every time?”
“Yes,” Ailia said, pausing from cleaning the carrots.
“Keep cleaning, you are thinking too much on the dream. Today is the Late Summer Festival and if this stew is not ready in the next two hours, we will be the laughing-stock of the town,” Unni said slightly mockingly. “We need to have the festival meal prepared before the day starts. I don’t want to be cooking in this kitchen when we could be listening to stories or participating in the festivities. And Uncle Brander gets home soon and he’ll want breakfast right away.”
Ailia picked up her pace again. She continued recounting her dream. “I actually didn’t know the empress’s name until this last dream. Her name is Eiess. She has black hair and intense green eyes and seems young, but somehow ageless.” 
“Interesting,” Unni said.
“She always tells me she’s glad she finally found me and that now I only have one more life to live.” Ailia sighed.
“Hmmm…”
“Have you ever heard of Eiess?” Ailia asked.
“No,” Unni wiped her hands on her rough linen apron. “Potatoes next,” she prompted. “Is she from one of the other eight realms?”
“I don’t know.” Ailia started cleaning the potatoes, pondering on another unusual dream. “I know you and Uncle Brander don’t believe that I have lived before, but I think I might have. Iluxia told me.”
“Who?” Unni said.
“The leader of the lightelves, Iluxia. He told me in my dream a few weeks ago,” Ailia said. The dream where Ailia had met Iluxia had fortunately not been a frightening one. It had only been a vivid dream where she had met Iluxia at the entrance of the realm of Alvheim—a realm she knew little of. 
 “But I already know who I am,” Ailia had replied. “I’m just a girl living in Bergendal, trying to do my best in fulfilling my duty as a peasant and honoring my family.” 
Iluxia had smiled. “You have lived before, Ailia, and you have a grand purpose in life. Much grander than just being a peasant,” he had said. 
He had left Ailia feeling confused. Now she wanted to find out what he had meant. But why did he have to be so vague? Couldn’t he have just spelled it out for me? she thought whenever she pondered on the dream.
Unni smiled. “Well, I'm not here to tell you who you have or have not met or what you did or didn't do. Your uncle and I know your history as far back as seventeen years ago when you were brought to us by a soldier on a winter solstice day,” Unni said. “But our faith tells us that humans live only once and that's it. You know that, Ailia.”
Ailia didn’t know what to believe. She felt like she had lived another life even though she had no memory of it. Finally she said, “I hope I never dream of Eiess again. It was as if she sucked all the life out of me as I stood in her presence.” Ailia moved on to cleaning the next gnarly potato.
“Will you fetch me the ladle over there?” Unni asked, pointing toward it. 
Ailia went over and picked it up. “These dreams are not like other dreams. These dreams seem real, and they make me feel like I actually have a very important purpose in life.”
“Well, we all have an important purpose in life,” Unni said. 
Ailia smiled. “I know. But there is something more to these dreams, something that I just can’t explain.”
“Maybe you’re having all these mare dreams because of the recent Vik attack,” Unni said.
“Maybe,” Ailia replied. The Vik people had recently raided Bergendal. Fortunately Bergendal was one of the largest cities in the Northlandic Kingdom and had survived the attacks. “I cannot say those attacks have not affected me.” But Ailia knew Unni wasn’t grasping what she was trying to explain. And how could she? There was no way Ailia could describe to Unni exactly what she had seen or what she had felt.
“And with Queen Maud’s funeral yesterday the mare demons have certainly been active around here,” Unni said. “Those mare demons—I wish they would just leave us alone.”
Unni had always said that mare dreams came from mare demons whispering frightening words and conveying evil thoughts into peoples’ ears while they were sleeping. Ailia didn’t know if mare demons were why she was having frightening dreams. The dreams were just too vivid and potent for her to imagine them as just evil thoughts given to her by a mare demon.
“How did Queen Maud die exactly?” Ailia asked, dumping her carrots into the stew. No one had really spoken of it, and the only thing Ailia had heard about the queen’s death was that her spirit would be cursed forever if she didn’t receive a proper Norse burial. The things people make up, Ailia thought. She felt sorry for the queen, the king and especially for the poor princess, Lucia. People should show more concern.
“Well, I heard she fell down some steps, and since she was expecting a child, it had been so much worse,” Unni said.
“You met her once, didn’t you?” Ailia asked. She sat down on a wood stool Brander had just finished making.
“Yes,” Unni said, stirring the pot. “She came to our farm exactly one year to the day after you had been brought to our doorstep by Ivar. She said she had lost one of her lundehunds, and asked to search our farmlands for him. After some time, she knocked on our front door again. I brought you out with me because you had started crying the moment the queen arrived and would not stop no matter what I did. She asked if she could hold you and had a strange keen look in her eyes as she held you.”
“Did she say why she wanted to hold me?” Ailia asked. She had heard this story so many times, but loved to ask the same questions every time she heard it.
“No, but she asked me when you were born. I told her the gods had blessed us and a guard had brought you to us on winter solstice day. She said that her daughter, Princess Lucia, was born on the exact same day and that she was looking for a friend for Lucia.”
“I don’t remember meeting her at all,” Ailia said, all done with the potatoes.
Unni added the potatoes to the cauldron. “Well, of course you don’t. You were only a one-year-old then. That was the only time I ever met her. She seemed like a sad person, like she had some deep, dark hidden pain that she carried.”
“Why do you think she was so sad?”
“I don’t know,” Unni said. Then she smiled mischievously. “Maybe she was worried that she’d never get her daughter married off!”
“Yes, that would be something to—wait a minute. You’re talking about me, aren’t you?”
“If you would just accept one of the suitors we’ve introduced you to, I think I’d die of happiness,” Unni said with a loud huff.
Lately, their conversation always ended on this subject, and Ailia didn’t like talking about it one bit. 
“I don’t want to get married to just anyone, Aunt Unni,” Ailia said. “I have someone special waiting for me.” 
“Oh really? So you think you have a say in whom we choose for you to marry?” Unni asked, looking at Ailia, raising her right eyebrow.
Ailia leaned forward passionately against the wooden counter top. “Of course I do. I’ll let you know when I meet him, my soul mate,” she said.
“Oh? And what do you know about soul mates?” Unni asked.
“Plenty.”
“Like what?” Unni pressed.
“Well, I know that I have one,” Ailia said. “But in my dreams, I always get the distinct impression that I need to find him so that we can join together to defeat Eiess.”
Unni laughed. “Just let us know when you meet him then. We’ll want to be included in the dramatic marriage. But, if we find you a proper husband before then, you’ll be marrying him.”
Ailia grimaced. This past year several suitors had tried to win her heart, but none of them had interested her in the least. Most of them had tried to impress her with their brute behavior, showing off how great their hunting and fighting skills were, and Ailia didn’t like that type of conduct at all. It reminded her too much of the Vik men that had pillaged their city. She was beginning to think that she was being too particular, especially since all of the young women her age in the neighboring farms had been married off years ago. Thankfully, Unni and Brander hadn’t forced her to marry anyone yet, but Brander had started to seem a little impatient with Ailia and had even introduced her to three different men this last week. 

*    *    *

After all the preparations for the day had been made, and after the Late Summer Festival meal at Brandersgaard, Ailia was allowed to go meet up with some of her friends at the festival. She hadn’t told Unni that her friends had started ignoring her as soon as Ailia had opened up and told them about her mare dreams. Maybe they thought Ailia was a little crazy. But she decided that her friends weren’t going to prevent her from having a good time.
She got dressed in her hunter green wool tunic and grabbed her sheep mask on the way out. 
“I’ll be there shortly!” Unni hollered after her.
The first place Ailia wanted to go was to the masked dance at the Fest Hall. It was the town’s largest longhouse, and their communal place for meetings, governing assemblies and festivities. It had been built as a dome-covered longship, with a straw thatched roof and logs lining the outer walls. Ailia loved to dance, and she had never missed a dance since she had turned twelve, the age where all young maidens were allowed to attend their first official festival dance. 
When Ailia arrived at the Fest Hall, Bergendal fiddlers and men with falster pipes, lures, and drums were at the end of the hall, warming up their instruments. Three other people had arrived before her, one with a goat mask and two with cow masks. Ailia smiled and waved at them, but they didn’t even so much as acknowledge her. That’s strange, Ailia thought. Most Bergendalers were very warm and welcoming. Her friends, or former friends, hadn’t arrived yet. She hoped when they did that they would include her in their circle tonight. She sat down to wait on one of the benches that lined the eastern wall.
“Are you the girl who is cursing Bergendal with all these mare demons?” A young redheaded boy, wearing a dog mask came up and asked. 
“What?” Ailia said, feeling embarrassed.
“My big sister says you are a bad omen, and she says that you are cursing Bergendal by bringing all these mare demons here,” the young boy continued.
Now Ailia recognized the boy. He was one of Ailia’s friend’s younger brothers—Siri’s brother. “I’m not cursing Bergendal with anything,” Ailia said. She folded her arms across her chest and frowned. “It was just a scary dream.”
“My dad says mare dreams are messages from the dark realms, and that you are attracting beings from the dark realms here to Bergendal. He says you’re cursed.” He pointed his finger at her.
“Stop that!” Ailia said. “You’re embarrassing yourself, and you’re embarrassing me!”
“You are cursed!” he yelled, still pointing his finger at her. A few more people had arrived, stopping to stare. Ailia thought it strange that no one came over and reprimanded the misbehaving boy or came to stand up for her. Finally, Siri came over. Her light ash brown hair was pulled up in a braided up-do.
“Is it true? Did you really tell your brother that I’m a bad omen just because of my dreams?” Ailia asked her.
“I thought you knew by now, Ailia. We all believe that,” she said, stepping next to her brother. She squinted her eyes and her lips. “You are a bad omen—and cursed.”
“What are you talking about? I’m still the same person. I can’t believe how shallow you are, if you are going to hold my dreams against me,” Ailia said.
“My father has told me to stay away from you. I should have realized that you are cursed sooner. I mean, even your name is so strange,” Siri said.
“My name?” Ailia looked around the hall, and everyone who had arrived was staring at her. Even the musicians had stopped warming up their instruments and glared at Ailia across the murky room. Ailia smiled nervously. “I’m not cursed,” she said. “I’ve just been having some frightening dreams. That’s all.”
“And you said you believed that you have lived before too. Our chieftain probably wouldn’t be too happy to hear about that. He’ll be here later tonight, and if you stay here for the dance, I’m afraid I’ll have to tell him everything you told me,” Siri said.
Ailia couldn’t believe that Siri had ever claimed to be her friend. How could she do this? They had known each other for five years, and Ailia had worked so hard to help Siri feel welcome in Bergendal when her family moved here from another town. Ailia didn’t want to continue to make a scene, so she decided to go home. Heading for the exit, she heard Siri yelling after her.
“Don’t think this is over, Ailia. You must turn from your ways, or I’ll make sure you’ll be banned from Bergendal for good.”
Ailia took the shortcut home to Brandersgaard running through the Bergendal forest. She swallowed her tears back again and again all the way home. The thin pathway she followed wound its way between soaring pine trees, moss-covered rocks, fallen branches and grasses. The cool autumn wind streamed across her face. 
She hopped across the narrow most part of the Bergendal River, stepping on the black and green rocks that protruded above the rushing water. She didn’t stop to say hello to any of the people who were on their way to the festival, and she didn’t even stop when she ran into Unni, who had just left Brandersgaard and was headed to the dance. She just wanted to get away for a while, find a quiet place to think, to clear her mind and find her balance again. She stormed inside, sat down by the loom and started embroidering a tablecloth she had almost finished. 
“Is everything all right?” Unni asked, coming in the front door.
“I think I’m sick,” Ailia said sullenly. “Please, just go to the festival. I’ll be fine.”
“Very well. Are you sure I can’t help you with anything before I go?”
“No, I just need to rest,” Ailia said. “Please, go have a great time without me. There will be many more festivals like this one for me to attend.” Ailia smiled to Unni, and Unni turned around and left. But something told Ailia that she wouldn’t be attending any festivals for a long time. She stopped sewing, let the tablecloth fall to her lap and started sobbing.


4

Never love

The next day, Uncle Brander seemed eager to get out of the house.
“Come on, Ailia, come swimming with us,” he said, dressed in his swim outfit, ready to walk over to Bergendal Lake with their neighbors. His thick arms were tan and his hairy chest and belly were as white as virgin winter snow.
“No, thank you. I would like to stay home,” Ailia said. She was afraid of water, though she didn’t know why, and stayed as far away from fjords and lakes as possible. Because of that fear, she had never learned how to swim properly. She rationalized that she didn’t need to know how to swim to become a good housewife. She had always believed that becoming a good housewife should be every Norse girl’s highest priority, so she didn’t feel too bad about being a non-swimmer.
“Your friends will be there,” Brander urged.
“No, not today,” Ailia said. She was content to sit in her chair, intent to not look up from her needlepoint. “You know I don’t swim. I don’t understand why you are asking me to come.” She didn’t want to run into anyone who had seen what had happened at the Fest Hall with Siri. Being called out as a curse in front of everyone was not something she wanted to experience again. She had not told Unni or Brander about the incident yet. They didn’t need more to worry about, she thought. She still couldn’t shake off her recurring drowning dreams either, dreams that had intensified over the last few days. “You go ahead. Maybe I’ll join you some other time.”
“Today is the last day we will be able to go. Next week, I’ll be out hunting and then winter will be here. Besides, you are nearly a grown woman. I thought you’d be over your childish fear of the water.” Brander seemed unusually disappointed and his mammoth body slumped as he spoke.
Ailia didn’t respond. She didn’t like disappointing Brander and would rather ignore him than disappoint him.
Brander shook his head. “Actually, I have someone I’d like you to meet,” he said softly.
Not one of his suitors again, Ailia thought. She was growing tired of the eligible—or in her opinion, not so eligible—men Brander presented to her. “Bring him over for repast,” Ailia said and smiled at him. “I’ll make him the best stew he’s ever eaten.” Brander rolled his eyes. He knew she hated making stew and every stew she had ever made had turned out to be a disaster. Cooking was her main homemaking weakness. “Don’t worry. I’ll get Unni to help me—I promise.”
“Yeah, yeah—” Brander said, heading for the door. “The man I wanted you to meet is the one you are marrying.”
Ailia thought maybe she had not heard him correctly. “What?”
“I’ve already agreed to it,” Brander said.
Ailia stood up, her embroidery falling to the floor. “What do you mean, you’ve already agreed to it?”
Just then, Unni walked in from the kitchen. “Did you tell her?” she asked Brander.
Brander nodded.
“Talk to him, Unni. You cannot just marry me off to someone I’ve not even met!” Ailia said.
“Ailia, you have a duty to us as your family to accept a suitable husband,” Unni said. “We have gone along with your non-interest in all the men we have brought to meet you for far too long. You’re almost eighteen and well past the age of when you should be married.”
“His name is Geir and he’s a chieftain from Solnes. He’s a little older than you. His wife died three winters ago and he’s been looking for a suitable wife ever since her death. I’ve known him for a few years. He’s a decent man and will be a good provider for you and your children.”
Ailia started to protest. She felt like her whole world was spinning, turning upside down and falling apart.
“I expect you to be warm and welcoming when he comes over for repast,” Brander said sternly.
The back of Ailia’s eyes burned and a lump grew in her throat. She knew she didn’t have a choice in whether or not to accept this proposal of marriage. She had to do her duty and honor her aunt and uncle’s decision no matter how she felt. 
“I didn’t get to choose my husband either, but we turned out happy,” Unni said. “It’s the way that it is and it’s for the best.”
Ailia was fuming on the inside, but didn’t know what to say, so she just blurted out the first thing that came to mind. “You aren’t even my real parents.” She regretted saying it immediately, for Unni and Brander had been nothing but kind and loving to her and had treated her like their own daughter. They had really been the only parents she had ever known since her parents had died when she was a baby.
Brander left without another word and Ailia plopped back down in her chair, extremely displeased. 
“Come help me clean up in the kitchen so we can prepare repast,” Unni said.
Ailia stood up and followed Unni into the kitchen. “I’m sorry about what I said about you not being my real parents,” she said hesitantly. “I do consider you my mother and Brander my father.”
“I understand Ailia; believe me, I do. When I found out that my parents were marrying me off to Brander, I considered running away,” Unni said.
“Truly?” Ailia asked surprised. 
“Don’t tell Brander, though. He still doesn’t know.” Unni smiled and then sighed. “I actually despised him. Of all the suitors my parents chose for me, he was the last one I wanted to marry.” She picked up a few bowls and cleaned off the tabletop with a rag.
“Why?”
“He hadn’t been very kind to me and he seemed so haughty,” Unni said.
“Brander?” Ailia thought that was strange, because Brander seemed the most jovial and most approachable man she knew.
“Later, I found out that he was just nervous around me because he liked me so much.” Unni’s eyes crinkled at the edges as she smiled. “Marriage is much more about a partnership than a feeling, Ailia. If you marry this chieftain, you will have a great partnership. We heard that his former wife was very happy and that is what we want for you—to be happy.” She pulled out some onions and salted lamb’s meat, placing both ingredients on the tabletop.
Ailia sighed. “I know what I must do and of course I’ll accept the marriage proposal. I just didn’t think that it would happen so soon.”
“It’s better to marry early. If you wait too long, you will be too set in your ways.” Unni pulled out a knife and started chopping up the meat in perfect little squares. Ailia stripped the onions of their skin, wondering what type of man this Geir was.

*	    *    *

“Ailia, I would like to introduce you to Geir,” Brander said, arriving with the guest a few hours later.
Ailia curtsied. “Welcome to our home. Pleased to meet you,” she said, lowering her gaze. Geir wasn’t bad to look at—average, Ailia would say—with a uniquely slender nose and small pouty lips. He was almost as tall as Brander, but much less muscular, thin even. His beard was a little too long for Ailia’s liking, but maybe, she thought, she could convince him to groom it shorter.
“He will be staying for repast, but then he needs to get back to his children in Solnes,” Brander informed.
Ailia did her best to kill a gasp. “Oh,” she said instead. “How many children?” She suffered a smile.
Unni glanced at Ailia, her eyes stern, telling Ailia to be cautious.
“Four,” Geir said. “All boys. Their ages are ten, eight, six and four. They are a handful and they need a strong mother to keep them from getting into mischief.”
“I see,” Ailia said. She knew immediately that she would never be that woman he was seeking. Ailia saw herself as more of a nurturer, not a commander.
“Shall we?” Unni gestured over to the hearth and they all sat down near the glowing flames. 
After the first awkward meeting with her future husband and after Ailia had filled everyone’s bowl with stew, she sat down next to Unni.
“So, tell us about Solnes,” Unni said.
Geir looked at her and scoffed. “I do not see why that is an important subject to talk about.”
“My apologies,” Unni said. “Of course not.”
“What I want to know, Ailia, is do you feel prepared to be the homemaker of my longhouse and do you think that you are capable of raising my four boys?”
Ailia balked.
“Of course she is,” Unni said.
“I know your opinion, woman. I need to hear it from Ailia’s own mouth,” Geir said.
Ailia froze. Of course she could do it, but it was so very hard to say so out loud, because she knew that in the innermost part of her spirit that she didn’t want to do it. She’d even do anything she could to get out of this arranged marriage. 
“Ailia?” Unni nudged.
“Why, yes, of course,” Ailia said. “I’ve trained my entire life to become the best homemaker I can be.” She felt her spirit revolting inside of her.
“Ailia, one more question and then we can go on to discuss other niceties. Are you able to bear children?” Gier asked.
Brander looked as if he wanted out of the conversation. 
“If you are asking me whether or not I have started my menstruation cycle, then, yes, I have. For a few years now,” Ailia said. 
“Ailia,” Brander said, looking angry.
“I’m sorry, was that not what you were referring to?” Ailia asked. Usually women only spoke about such things to each other, but since Geir was asking so directly, Ailia couldn’t help but be blunt in her response.
“Swell,” Geir said. “I think she’ll do, Brander.”
Brander nodded, looking enormously relieved. 
Ailia hated how Geir said that: I think she’ll do. She wanted her marriage to be so much more that just a partnership of duties and responsibilities. She couldn’t see love being a part of the relationship with Geir. She would have to forget trying to make a connection or even a caring bond with the man. He was probably just looking for a woman to raise his children and a woman to bring to his bed when he needed it. How could Brander have chosen him?  Ailia wondered.

*    *    *

After Geir left, Brander went outside to sharpen some knives and Ailia and Unni stayed inside to clean up the dishes from dinner. 
“I thought he seemed very—,” Unni said. She seemed to struggle with the right words to say. “—honest.”
Ailia rolled her eyes. “Sure,” she said. “Do you think he seemed a little too callous?”
“Well, Brander was that way in the beginning, too. I’m sure things will change once you’re married,” Unni said. “Just make sure you take good care of him in the lovemaking area.”
Ailia’s jaw dropped open in shock. She really didn’t want to talk with Unni about how to please her future husband. Ailia didn’t agree with Unni. Geir didn’t seem like a man who would change. However, she concluded that it wasn’t worth disagreeing with Unni right now. There was nothing Ailia could say or do that would make a difference or change their decision in arranging a marriage for her. Ailia had never wanted to dishonor her family in any way and she wasn’t going to start now. She knew that Unni and Brander had tried their best to find a suitable husband, even though, in her eyes, they had picked a man who she thought she would never love or even like.
“I always knew there was something special about you, Ailia. Maybe this is your fate? To marry a chieftain?  Not many young women accomplish that. You’ll have a great life and many more opportunities than if you had just married a farmer or fisherman,” Unni said.
Ailia nodded. She knew what Unni meant, but she didn’t feel that this path was the path she had been put here in Midgard to take. 


5

Sun Queen

Three months had passed since Lucia’s mother had died and the pain of her loss was just as strong. Unfortunately, Lucia’s father had become even more controlling than ever and his lessons to Lucia had increased in both length and in frequency. She let most of his lectures go in one ear and out the other. Why would she listen to him when she was not planning on ruling like her father in any way?  
Her father wanted her to learn about the Christian faith before her coronation as well. “Tomorrow, when you are crowned queen, you will be able to use the information you obtain about the new religion to your advantage. Know your friends well, but know your enemies intimately,” he had said this morning before she left to attend the weekly church service. Lucia had never been to church before and sitting next to Vilda, amongst commoners, certainly did not make her want to come back again. I wish my father would just burn the Christian church down, she fumed as she sat in the church pew. 
Vilda sat next to her and panted during the whole sermon. Does she ever not pant? Lucia certainly could not remember a time. She brought her hand up to her mouth to hide a yawn and tried to refocus on the sermon.
Bishop Peter, an unusually tall and skinny man with huge eyes and a long pointy nose, spoke from the pulpit. 
“Bergendal has gradually declined into poverty of the mind and the land as grief and fear have stolen the minds and hearts of its people. It is the kind of fear that is always lurking, always present and will never grant peace to anyone who chooses to bear such sorrow. You have all become comfortable with living in fear and pain. Beware, for the longer you live with it, the more likely the pain will become bearable. You will gladly embrace suffering into your hearts and become one with it, barely noticing its toxic, deadly presence. It is everywhere and even some of our leaders have welcomed this dangerous state of mind. We must be watchful, always standing guard at the door of our souls, to not let the Devil enter in with fear and sorrow. Amen.” Bishop Peter outlined the shape of a cross with his right hand and stepped down from the pulpit.
 “Is that Princess Lucia over there?” Lucia heard a middle-aged peasant woman ask a tall burly man. 
“I don’t know. How should I know?” The man replied.
“Yes, I believe it is. I’ve never seen her here. We should go say hello, so she feels welcome.” The slightly plump woman dragged the man over to Lucia. Two guards stood on either side of her.
“Hello and welcome to church, Your Highness. I’m Unni and this is my husband Brander,” Unni said and curtsied deeply. Brander bowed.
Lucia looked at them both and smiled briefly. I do not have time for this, she thought. “Ivar, take me home. I have a meeting with my father and Vilda.” She turned around and headed for the church exit. 
Snow fell from the heavens when they stepped outside. “Away,” Lucia said to the driver, settling into the sleigh. Her two guards were quick to mount their stallions and ride behind the sleigh back to the castle.
“What idiots,” Vilda said. “They think they can approach you like you are a commoner. They have no right to approach you. You are the daughter of a king!”
“Do not worry yourself, Vilda,” Lucia said. She had already forgotten about them. She peered over at Vilda and thought her aunt had become even heavier than she was before. Yesterday, she had overheard the handmaidens say that usually they estimated they needed to use four times as much fabric when they sewed a dress for Vilda than for anyone else, but that this time, even that had not been enough for her ever-expanding body. She muffled a laugh. My poor, fat aunt. Usually, women who were larger were looked up to, but Vilda was just so fat and so ugly that Lucia sometimes could not even stand to look at her. Lately, it seemed as though Vilda was trying to take her mother’s place by comforting Lucia. Lucia was not going to allow Vilda into her heart for even a heartbeat.
“But they did not even acknowledge me!” Vilda’s plump cheeks had turned red from the cold air. “I am the king’s sister. They should at least show me some respect.”
“You always say that, Vilda,” Lucia said. “Do not worry. When I am queen, I will give you all the respect you deserve.”
“Praise the gods! That would certainly be a nice change around here.” Vilda blew her nose in her linen handkerchief. “Your father certainly does not give me the respect I deserve.”
“He does not give anyone respect,” Lucia said. Not even me, she thought.
When they arrived at the castle, Lucia and Vilda dined together in the great hall and then entered the strategy room where King Olav and his Grand Marshal were waiting for them. Shelves filled with books lined two of the walls, and a red and yellow stained-glass window let the afternoon light in, illuminating the opposite, stone wall.
“How was the Christian church service?” King Olav asked as they entered.
Lucia thought she spotted a mischievous smile on her father’s lips. “It was—interesting,” Lucia answered. “Do you know that they believe there is an evil man called the Devil and that he forces humans to do wicked things?” She chuckled. “Who would be so gullible and believe such a thing? Seems like they are looking for someone else to blame for their mistakes.”
“Hmm,” Olav replied, not seeming to pay attention to what Lucia had to say.
“Oh, Olav. I shall never return again,” Vilda said passionately. “Please do not ask me to. You might be wise to get rid of Bishop Peter. He mentioned you in his sermon, saying that you have given into your fears and are leading these people astray with your poverty of mind and poverty of land. He even called you a Devil!” Vilda’s voice sounded unusually dramatic, even for her.
He did not. Were we listening to the same sermon?  Lucia wondered. 
“Well, never mind him, I have more important matters to attend,” Olav said.
Vilda huffed and looked at Lucia as if to say, See?
Olav sat down around the oval table first. “Vilda, my beloved and trusted sister, come here and have a seat by me,” Olav said. Lucia and the Grand Marshall also sat down around the table. “Ever since I took on the crown and responsibilities of the Northlandic Kingdom, you have served me and the country with fervor, granting freedom and fairness to all. I, like many others, am grateful for your continued and faithful service.”
“It has been my honor and pleasure, dear Brother, to serve where I am needed. I am always at your, and the Kingdom’s, humble service,” Vilda said. “I respect you and the Kingdom of Bergendal and I would protect it with my life, if needed. But, as I frequently say, there is always room for improvement.” She rose and walked around the table.
Olav nodded. “Yes, that is what I suspected,” he mumbled. “So, now I will ask something more of you,” he said, his eyes following her where she went.
“I am speechless. More? It is well needed, of course. Anything, Brother, anything at all.” Vilda’s eyes lit up at the mention of an opportunity for promotion. 
What is my father trying to accomplish?  Lucia thought. Lucia did not think her father liked his older sister very much. He always complained about her being too overbearing. 
“Vilda, I ask that you take the position as mistress of the Hammersten Fortress,” Olav said.
Vilda stiffened where she stood. She turned to look at Olav and placed her hands on her gigantic hips with a huff.
Here she goes, Lucia thought.
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” Vilda asked. 
“I beg your pardon?” Olav said. “I am giving you more responsibility, promoting you even and you ask me if I am trying to get rid of you?”
“Hammersten is the northernmost fortress in all of the Northlandic Kingdom and you want to send me there?” Vilda said.
“It is also the most important fortress in the Northlandic Kingdom. If we lose that one, we will lose everything to the Viking invasions,” Olav said.
Vilda folded her arms in front of her chest and huffed. “Who else will be there?” she asked.
“All your handmaidens will go with you and you will have the constant protection of my guards. I will compensate you generously,” Olav said.	
“How long?” Vilda asked. 
“It is only for one year and then Ivar will replace you,” Olav said.
Vilda squinted her eyes. “Why not send Ivar there now?”
“He needs to complete another assignment for me here,” Olav said.
“Which is—?” Vilda prodded.
“Which is none of your concern!” Olav shouted.
Vilda looked upset. “Must I give you my answer now?”
“Not necessarily, but the sooner the better.” Olav said.
Vilda huffed. “Will there be a coronation of some sort? An official event or festivity in my honor for the people of Bergendal, so they might learn of my new assignment?” Vilda asked.
Lucia thought that a celebration sounded fun. The one thing, and probably the only thing, she did like about her aunt was how she always found ways to celebrate life, or specifically, her own life.
“Do as you please,” Olav replied. “So, is that a yes?”
Vilda nodded and snorted a laugh. “Oh, excuse me,” she said.
“Good. Now go, leave me be,” he said, waving his hand. “I will have you leave within the week.”
Normally, Vilda would be bothered with such a short dismissal, Lucia thought, but she seemed to have mellowed over the past few years. She thought her father was being very creative in getting rid of Vilda. But still, something did not seem quite right. Lucia thought Vilda had accepted the assignment too quickly.
Vilda waddled out of the room, panting heavily as always.
Olav stood up and looked at two of the guards who loyally served him. “Lucia,” he said. “Come here. I want to teach you a lesson.”
Lucia approached her father. Not another lesson. The thought of it sounded exhausting.
“You, come here,” Olav said, pointing to the guard closest to him.
The guard paraded over.
“Do you consider yourself a loyal individual?” Olav asked.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” he replied, his face sober, his eyes fixed forward.
“How loyal?” Olav asked.
“Not even through my own death will I relieve myself of serving and guarding King Olav, ruler of the Northlandic Kingdom,” he replied, quoting the oath he had committed to when he had been sworn in to service.
“Is that so?” Olav asked, pacing around him. “What if I killed the guard standing next to you without cause or for entertainment and my own amusement?  Would you still serve me loyally?”
“Yes, Your Highness,” the guard replied with a nod and with no hesitation in his demeanor.
“And what if I killed your friends?”
The guard’s eyes flinched. “Yes, Your Highness, loyally forevermore,” he said and bowed his head.
Olav was right in the guard’s face now, glaring him in the eyes. “And what if I killed your family and burned down your family’s farm?”
The guard stood speechless.
“No? Is that the limit of your loyalty?” Olav asked, pacing around him again, his hands clasped behind his back. “And what if I did not pay you? Would you lose your loyalty to me then?”
“No,” the guard said.
Lucia could see the guard’s forehead starting to bead with sweat. He was obviously lying.
“Your family—” Olav said, staring into the guard’s eyes again. “I see how it is. Everyone, leave me be. Lucia, come here.” He walked her across the hallway in into the throne room. Then he ascended the steps and sat down on his throne.	
“Father?” Lucia asked, still standing at the bottom of the steps, sensing his disgust.
“No one remains loyal under all circumstances,” Olav said to Lucia. “Trust no man or woman completely, for they will live to fail you. Remember that!”
“Yes, Father,” Lucia said. “ I am sure not everyone—”
“No man or woman!” he repeated.
“Not even you?” Lucia pressed. She smiled. Certainly he cannot be speaking of himself, she thought triumphantly. He did not answer. Lucia did not know whether he did not want to answer the question, or if his mind had wandered to other thoughts, but it disturbed her that he remained silent.
“Now, go get fitted for your first ceremonial dress,” Olav finally said.
Does he mean himself as well, she continued to wonder, more seriously, on her way out of the throne room. On her way to the Queen’s Chambers, Nora joined her. 
“So, you must be excited that the time has finally come for you to be crowned queen of the Northlandic Kingdom,” Nora said.
Lucia nodded. She was indeed excited to have reached the age of eighteen. It was the age when all heirs of the Aesira bloodline took the throne. Now she could rule and the days under her controlling father would be over. Nora helped Lucia slip into the unfinished dress. Nora and another handmaiden, Torill, worked on the dress for hours while Lucia stood there wearing it. 
“Almost finished, dear!” Nora said, her old wrinkled hands, sewing on the skirt hem. She was the best seamstress in the entire kingdom, it had been said, and even though she did not sew much anymore, due to the pain in her slow-moving hands, she had insisted on being this dress’s maker. “Do you think you are ready?”
“I do not know. I do not feel any different than before.” Lucia exhaled. “I am still the same me.” 
“Oh, you will never feel very different, trust me. I still feel like I am eighteen years old on the inside, even though it looks like I am one hundred on the outside.” Nora laughed and then pulled another needle out of her mouth and pinned it to the skirt hem. “We are not as sturdy as the walls that make up the castle, neither on the outside or on the inside.” The castle had been built over twelve hundred years ago, when the first royal family had established the Northlandic Kingdom with Iluxia. 
“Mother said that Eiess had tried to seize our castle once before, but that she was not strong enough yet and failed at her attempt. Is that true?”
“True, true—,” Nora said and nodded her small head. 
A few hundred years ago, Eiess had descended from another realm to Midgard and had vowed to take over the Kingdom, destroying what Iluxia had created. 
“Eiess vowed not to return until her strength had grown so powerful that she could vanquish everyone within these walls with one move.”
“How does she get stronger?” Lucia wondered. It seemed strange that someone as old as Eiess kept growing stronger each year. Lucia just thought old people were weak and frail.
“I do not know for certain, but I have heard that she grows more powerful every winter, amassing strength every dark season. She feeds off of darkness,” Nora said, sewing on the dress now. “Just as we feed off of food and water, I suppose.”
“My father once told me that Eiess longs for the day when she will rule completely in a never-ending state of darkness. I never understood why she would want to live in a state of darkness, but it makes sense if darkness is the source of her power,” Lucia agreed.
“I have even heard that she has tried to suspend the seasons on the winter solstice before,” Nora said. She sewed a few more stitches and stopped to look up at Lucia.
“That is impossible though, is it not? Suspending one day is impossible, even for her,” Lucia said. “I think Eiess may be confused. Maybe she thinks she is more powerful than she really is. The gods would never allow anyone to become more powerful than them.”
“I have no answer for you, dear. It seems impossible to me, too. There!” Nora said proudly. “Your dress is finished!”  She took a few small steps back and studied it. “You look so much like your mother did nearly thirty years ago when she was crowned the Sun Queen. Your mother would have been so proud of you if she had been here today.” She became teary-eyed. “Now this is a big day for you, love, I want to make sure you look and feel your absolute best on the day of your coronation. Torill, please come pick up the extra material and clean up here,” Nora said, without taking her eyes off the dress. 
“Yes, my lady.” Torill curtsied. She quickly whisked up all the extra material and threads and left the room.    
“Now turn around and look at yourself in the mirror,” Nora said, gesturing Lucia to look in the mirrors.
Lucia turned around slowly and gracefully and walked to the three full-length gold-plated mirrors in her room. She hardly recognized the woman looking back at her. As a young girl, she had always let her hair hang loosely down around her narrow shoulders. Now, her hair was up in an intricately braided up-do and decorated with golden lace and diamonds. With her coming of age and taking on her responsibility as the Sun Queen, she needed to step into her adult self. That step also included dressing, presenting and speaking as a Queen. I must put aside my child-like self, even if it only shows on the outside right now, she thought as she admired herself.
Lucia continued to watch her image in the mirror as she slowly turned around to examine the back of the dress. Her dress was made of pure yellow silk with embroidered gold stars, suns and sunrays. The drop-waist dress hugged her tiny waistline. It had soft puff sleeves of off-white silk and golden inserts. The sleeves were long and flared all the way to the floor with gold embroidering at the ends. Her neckline was not the typical rounded style, but a V-neck with a regal standing collar. The dress had a cape that was made of pure chiffon and was embellished with gold stitching throughout with a sunray pattern beaming from her shoulders and cascading down the cape. Her skirt was long and had a three-foot train in the back. The back of the dress had crisscross lacing from top to bottom, ending in a three-tiered bustle that looked like sun spokes. 
“Here,” Nora said, placing the solstice crown on Lucia’s head. 
For the first time, as Lucia looked in the mirror, she saw a beautiful lady standing in front of her, instead of a young girl. She smiled contentedly, feeling as though she was leaving the young and innocent girl inside of her behind. I am ready to be the Sun Queen, she marveled. She knew she had no idea everything that being the Sun Queen entailed, but felt confident that she would be able to handle whatever would come her way.
“I see a beautiful lady where I once saw a young girl,” Olav complimented, entering the room. 
“My, how time flies, Your Majesty. I remember your Queen standing in that very spot at what seems but a moment ago. And now, your beautiful daughter is standing there on the eve before she turns eighteen,” Nora said in a humbled voice. 
Olav embraced his daughter and they both looked into the mirror. “What a Queen you will be,” he said tenderly.
Lucia thought he seemed suspiciously kind. What does he want from me?
“Nora, will you please excuse us for a moment?” Olav asked.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” Nora curtsied and left the room. 
Here we go, Lucia thought. More stupid lessons.
“Lucia, I have something very important to share with you before your coronation. I have waited many years to tell you this,” Olav confessed. “But, before I begin, there are a few things that I must say to you.” He paused. “What I share with you today is for the good of my people whom I have sworn to protect. From now on, you will have to give up the life you want, to serve the people you lead.” He looked her squarely in the eyes. 
When I am Queen, I can do as I please, Lucia thought, feeling annoyed that he would want to control her.
“Today you will understand why I have been so hard on you all these years,” Olav said with a sigh. 
Lucia was surprised by his candor. “What do you mean?” she asked. He had never really opened up to her before about anything.
“Just listen,” Olav said, quite impatiently. “There are many things you do not know.”
He always tries to degrade me and make me feel like I am insignificant compared to him, Lucia thought. 
“You know I have told you before that you would be the one to lead the battle to end all battles—the battle of Ragnarok?” Olav asked.
“Yes,” Lucia said.
“Tomorrow, at your coronation, I will reveal to you all the details pertaining to Ragnarok. There are many, many things you do not yet know,” Olav said.
Yes, you have already made that very clear, Lucia thought. 
“Starting tomorrow, Iluxia will guide you and prepare you for the final days before the battle of Ragnarok. Being the leader of the lightelves in Alvheim, he knows many things that have happened and of many things that will come to pass.”
“Do you know these things?” Lucia asked, trying not to sound annoyed. 
“No, I do not.”
Lucia thought it was the first time her father had ever admitted to not knowing something.
Olav clasped his hands behind his back and began pacing around Lucia. “Your mother knew many more things than me, because she was the Sun Queen. Being the Sun Queen means you will be privileged to receive sacred information from the past and quite possibly of the future. Iluxia will share this information with you. He is able to see certain key moments that will have and have had eternal significances on Midgard,” he said. 
“How?” Lucia asked.
“I am not exactly sure how he does it, but he explained to me once that such moments create vibrations and those vibrations travel through time. Only those who are in tune with these vibrations will be able to hear them and actually see them. Iluxia has spent thousands of years perfecting his senses and now he can see that which none other can,” Olav said. “But I doubt a mere mortal—such as yourself—would be able to ever achieve such a thing.” 
Lucia breathed deeply, taking in all the information her father was telling her. She turned around to admire her reflection in the mirror again. I want to achieve that which he thinks I cannot. She looked at her father again. “I must admit, I am a little anxious to meet Iluxia.”
“Do not worry. I know Iluxia seems like such a grand being that one would have reason to believe he would possess an air of superiority. Iluxia is like no other being you will ever meet, for he is not a mere mortal like you and me. However, you will feel completely at ease in his presence,” Olav said.
“Truly?” Lucia asked. I wish I were more than a mere mortal. Maybe I am? She felt a strange connection with Iluxia already.
“Yes, and Iluxia has the unique ability to lift you to a whole other level of existence with his words and his presence. You will leave him a better person than when you came to him, just having been in his presence. I cannot even explain it. It is something that must be experienced,” Olav said. “I have only met him once, but the memory of our meeting is always in my mind.” 
Lucia did not know what to think, but her father’s comments did help put her mind at ease. I wish my father was always this easy to talk to, she thought.
“Having said that, a dark, perilous time is before us and before you, darker than has ever been experienced in the history of Midgard,” Olav said gravely, as his countenance fell before Lucia’s eyes. “On the eve of the winter solstice, you shall receive the Aesira Jewel.”
“What is the Aesira Jewel?” Lucia wondered aloud. She remembered her mother mentioning it on her deathbed.
“It is a sacred season-shifting jewel,” Olav said.
“Season-shifting?” Lucia thought about it for a moment. “Can the Aesira Jewel actually shift seasons?”
“Yes,” Olav said. “It is what controls the seasons. If it is not used, the seasons will suspend at either winter solstice or summer solstice. Only a King or Queen of the Aesira bloodline has the power to engage the Jewel.”
Lucia gasped. “So that is why Eiess wants to take over the Northlandic Kingdom,” she said. The one who possesses the Aesira Jewel, possesses the powers to control the seasons. She felt the hair on her back stand up. “But, Eiess is not of the Aesira bloodline, is she?”
“No, you are correct. She cannot engage the Aesira Jewel. But she could prevent the Aesira Jewel from being engaged,” Olav said. 
“Then the seasons would suspend,” Lucia said. “That would be horrible.”
“This is where your responsibility lies. Your mother was the Aesira Jewel’s keeper until she died. Now you will be its new keeper and ring in the seasons,” Olav said. “Tomorrow, on winter solstice eve, Iluxia will show you how to perform the season-shifting ceremony at Solhenge.”
Lucia’s eyes widened as her mouth fell open. I will change the seasons, she thought, I will meet Iluxia tomorrow. She had started to fall in love with the idea of being the new Sun Queen.
 “The Aesira Jewel rests for the time being behind the mural, over there,” Olav said, pointing to the full-size painting of him. “You must swear to tell no one of these things.”
Lucia nodded.
“There is more thing,” Olav said.
Lucia thought she would burst from all the new information.
“Before your mother gave birth to you, Iluxia came to her and told her that—” Olav paused. “—you are the Great Sentinor pre-destined to defeat Eiess.” He paused and his eyes welled up with tears. 
Lucia was gripped by his sudden emotion. He had told her this before, but it was different now with all the new information he had just shared with her.
“Your mother and I swore to protect the Great Sentinor with all that we had, including our own lives. She has lived twice before, but Eiess has managed to kill her both times. This is her last life in Midgard,” Olav said. 
Lucia was puzzled by his story. I am the Great Sentinor, right? The way he spoke about the Great Sentinor though seemed to vacillate between her and another person.
“She—you were given three lives by Iluxia and the gods to defeat the Empress. Do you understand? This is your last life. If you do not succeed, Eiess will rule Midgard until she finally destroys it with darkness and dearth. All of humanity is at stake.”
“I—I do not know what to think. All of this is very overwhelming,” Lucia said.
“This is why I have been so hard on you. You have no time to waver, even for a moment. Once you are crowned queen, Eiess will know and she will do everything in her power to destroy you.”
Lucia nodded hesitantly, but she still felt confused and overcome. 
“With the gift—” Olav continued, “—of the Aesira Jewel, the Great Sentinor shall also receive the power and force to eliminate Eiess. You will be responsible for making sure this happens.”
“Did I receive this gift—before, in my—previous lives?” Lucia asked, feeling strange talking about her previous lives.
“Yes, the Great Sentinor did,” Olav said slowly and clearly.
“But she, I mean, I failed before,” Lucia blurted out. The reality of the heavy responsibility suddenly felt like too much to bear. 
“Yes, there is always the risk of failure. Nothing is guaranteed,” Olav said.
Lucia breathed heavily. Eiess will come after me. That thought sent her spinning.
“Just remember to take it one day at a time. More will be revealed when you receive the Aesira Jewel. Get ready for bed and get some rest. You will need plenty of rest to prepare for your ceremony.” 
“How can I go to sleep when I know Eiess might be coming for me?” Lucia asked.
“Fear will incapacitate you. Faith will empower you. You always have a choice,” Olav said.
Lucia had a million questions she wanted answered but she dared not ask them now. She did not know if she wanted to know more. Ignorance seemed better.
“What about Soren? Where does he fit in all of this?” Lucia asked.
“He is also a Sentinor and he was sent to Midgard to help the Great Sentinor defeat Eiess. They were also Spiritus Amors, soul mates, before they entered Midgard.
Then why do I not feel a connection with him? Lucia wondered. Maybe I have not tried hard enough to love him.
Olav stepped over to her, cradled her head between his hands and kissed her on the forehead. “Remember, I love you so much.”
It was the first time Lucia had heard those words. She questioned their truthfulness.
“You have been burdened with a heavy responsibility. I wish I could carry it for you and if there were any way that I could, I would give my life so that you would not have to put yours in danger.” Olav looked into her eyes and then hugged her tightly. “Good night.” 
As she watched her father leave the room, Lucia felt petrified about all the new knowledge she had just received. How could she be the Great Sentinor destined to destroy Eiess? She had heard stories about the Empress in which she had decimated a whole house with a flick of her wrist. What powers did Lucia possess? Lucia did not know. She felt like she was meant to be a queen but not the Great Sentinor that her father had told her she was. 
Nora returned to help Lucia get ready for bed. “Why do you look so gloomy?” she asked while undressing Lucia.
“There is so much I do not understand,” Lucia said.
“Time will answer all mysteries,” Nora said, helping her into her night tunic. “You will learn what you need when the time is at hand. You do not need to know everything now, just that you have within you the ability to reach further than you ever imagined. Your father loves you very much and your mother, bless her resting soul, loved you more than her own life. Everything you need to know will reveal itself to you; here a little, there a little.”
“I just feel like too much is expected of me,” Lucia protested. Lucia did not know how much Nora knew about what her father had revealed. Probably nothing. Lucia started to feel angry. Her father had kept valuable information from her and she did not like it.
“Listen to your heart. What it tells you is the right thing,” Nora said.
Lucia thought that sounded like good advice. “At least I know I am supposed to marry Soren,” Lucia said, sitting down on the bed.
“Soren is a very good man and a great match for you,” Nora agreed.
“When you got married, were you excited?” Lucia asked.
“Oh heavens, yes! My husband was not such a noble man, like Soren, of course, but he was simple and sweet and a hard worker. I loved him very much.”
“I am glad my parents chose Soren for me. At least I know I will have him in the future.”
“He will take good care of you,” Nora said.
“I care for him and he has tried very hard to earn my affection, but I do not know that I am in love with him yet. There is not really any passion between us,” Lucia said.
“Well, you are younger than he and he seems like a man who would not take advantage of a young girl. Give it time, dear. The love will come,” Nora said. “Remember, passion has a quick burn. Sometimes, another type of love grows, a love that is steadier and deeper—a love that is lasting. Off to bed you go,” she said, gently nudging Lucia under the covers.
Lucia forced a smile. As she sunk into bed, her mind continued to race. Her thoughts wandered back to her immense responsibility again and she felt overwhelmed about all the new information she had received. Finally, she drifted off to sleep and in her dreams, was taken to a place she had never been before. 
She found herself by a beautiful crystal blue ocean. The sand was sparkling white and she could feel the soft, fine sand between her bare toes. She felt warm and the beach was misty but bright. Over by the grass, there was a partially buried wagon that was missing one wheel. There were three yellow and blue longships on the water with red and white sails. Farther inland, she could see houses and buildings.
In the distance, she saw a person dressed in white walking toward her. As she came closer, she saw that the person looked a lot like her but older. “Mother!  Mother!” she yelled. Maud looked beautiful, radiant and healthy. Lucia ran to her and leapt into her arms. They stood there for some time holding each other. Lucia soaked up her presence and her love. “I will never let you go again,” she said.
“Lucia,” her mother said as she released her from her embrace. “Come with me. I need to show you something important.” 
“Oh, Mother,” Lucia cried. “How I have missed you! I thought I would never see you again. I was so worried I would not.”
“I have missed you, too. But there is little time, Lucia. Now, come.” Maud took Lucia’s hand and started walking down the beach with her.
Lucia walked beside her in silence, holding her hand tightly. It felt so good to have her mother near again and she felt safe and whole again as if a vital lost part of her had been restored. 
Then Maud stopped. She raised her right hand and pointed down at the sand. “There, Lucia, there,” she said. 
Lucia became confused and asked, “What do you mean?” 
“There,” Maud said again, with her finger still pointing down. “The time will soon come when you will need to attain this key. When you do, a whole new understanding of who you are will be revealed to you. You are not just the soon-to-be Queen, my love; remember, you were created to help bring to pass many important things!” 
“I do not understand, Mother,” Lucia said discouraged. “Father told me this too, but I do not feel it in my heart.” She had always felt she could be open with her mother.
“There is another with whom you must be reunited, one who you cannot do without. I cannot tell you who that person is now, for Eiess will surely know if I tell you. Seek this person out and by the grace of the Heavens, together you will conquer Eiess. Behold the key and you will understand and know who you are and what your mission is here in Midgard.”
“Is it my betrothed?” Lucia asked.
 Maud started to slowly fade away before Lucia’s eyes. Her face and hands were vanishing, blending with the misty air, disappearing into nothingness.
“Mother, do not go. Please, stay. I will do anything, anything you want to have you stay. Please, Mother, please!” Lucia said, trying to grasp her mother’s vanishing hand.
“Remember what I have told you and you will understand who you are. You will be tempted to betray your family, Lucia.” Now Maud was barely visible, but her voice was still strong. “There, look, there,” Maud persisted, pointing into the sand. The wind started blowing and Maud’s voice was whisked away with it. “Look there—there—” 
Suddenly, Lucia was alone again. Tears brimmed in her eyes. “Mother!” she gasped, crossing her arms in front of her chest trying to embrace her shattered heart. All the days and nights of hurt, of despair and fear, came down on her all at once. Lucia fell to the sand and wrapped her arms around her knees. She buried her head down into her arms and wept for what seemed an eternity. What did my mother say to me? Who do I need to seek out?  What had her mother meant?  Something must be hidden in the sand. Lucia stood up and looked around. 
Suddenly, flames erupted on the sea’s surface. Blazes licked the blues of the sea, sending smoke to the skies. The flames came closer to the beach where Lucia stood, threatening to spread onto the sand. Then, Lucia saw something small and shiny that looked triangular in the sand. She was about to go over and pick it up, but she froze when she heard her name called again. 
“Lucia,” someone shouted in the distance. “Lucia,” the voice said, summoning Lucia again, this time with more force. 
Lucia looked up and squinted her eyes. In the sea of fire, she saw a woman walking toward her. She did not seem to be affected by the flames that she walked through to reach Lucia. She was dressed in a black linen dress. By the way she held herself and the way she dressed, it seemed the woman was of noble birth. Most of her face was covered with a dark veil, so only her green eyes were visible. When the woman reached the sand, she floated toward Lucia. “Come, follow me,” she said in a deep voice. 
Lucia felt uncomfortable in the woman’s presence but she followed her as there was nowhere else to go. She also decided not to investigate the shining piece of metal, not wanting to draw attention to it in case it might be something important. As they walked, the sky grew darker and darker, growing black from the smoke. The clouds started churning in the heavens and swallowed the light from the day into itself.
“Where are we going?” Lucia asked.
“Just follow me,” the woman answered.
“Who are you?” Lucia dug further.
“Why, I am your destroyer. Do you not remember me?” she sneered sarcastically. 
Lucia stopped dead in her tracks. 
The woman turned around. “This is my reign,” she said. Without warning, she ripped the veil off her face and flung it into the flames that now surrounded them. She was a beautiful woman, young-looking at first glance, but with hateful old eyes. “Tell me what your mother said!” she screamed. 
“My mother?” Lucia asked. “My mother is dead.” 
“Do not play games with me. You do not know who you are dealing with right now. Do not lie. Tell me the truth about what your mother said, or you will never see your father again!” she yelled.
Lucia wanted to run away and wanted nothing to do with this woman.
“You will fail! You will die! This is my rule and reign and I can take your life away in a heartbeat, just as I did in your lifetimes before!” the woman raged.
Lucia took off running as fast as she could but, though her legs were sprinting, she was barely moving away from her enemy. 
The woman started laughing. “You will never escape me, do you not see? I am the destroyer—your destroyer!”
Lucia awoke suddenly by a noise. Her whole body shuddered. As she tried to shake the mare dream, she got out of bed and looked out the window over the country of which she was soon to be the queen. The Northern Star had begun to shine more brightly over the land, as it did each year on winter solstice eve. A sudden feeling of ill-omen in Lucia’s soul caught her attention. She could not describe what was happening, but she could feel Midgard starting to swing toward and prepare for a perilous and dark season. What had my mother tried to show me in my dream? Was it part of what I am feeling now? Lucia knew she had to find the person of which her mother spoke. 
 Nora rushed into Lucia’s chambers, looking troubled and out of breath. “Did you hear the noise?” she asked. Without waiting for an answer, she dashed into Lucia’s wardrobe and started rifling through her clothes. 
Lucia turned around and watched her old, familiar handmaiden. She had become like a second mother to her since her own mother had passed away. Nora was always there, especially when Lucia needed her most. “Yes, it woke me up. Is something wrong?” 
“Quickly, quietly come with me,” Nora whispered. “Your father has asked me to take care of you and safely take you to a sleigh that has been prepared for you outside.” 
Lucia walked toward her and Nora threw Lucia’s white rabbit fur coat around Lucia’s shoulders. As she lifted a torch off the wall, Nora said, “Your father has ordered that you leave the castle immediately.” Her voice sounded urgent.
“Why? What is happening?” Lucia asked. “Where is my father?”
“No time to talk. The castle will soon be under attack,” Nora said and they started down the hallway. The torch lit up the blackened corridor and they could see a few feet in front of them. Finally, they reached the northeastern stairwell and started running down the steps. “Your father told me that Eiess is on her way here to capture you and possibly kill you,” Nora said. She looked more terrified than Lucia had ever seen her. “She believes you are the Great Sentinor and wants to kill you.”
“What?” Lucia said. A shock waved through her body. She felt betrayed by her father. Why had he sent someone else when her life was in danger? He should have come himself.
“Dear, there is no time to discuss or think about these things now. If we do not act immediately and get you out of here, Eiess will be here and we will all be killed.”
Lucia’s blood rushed to her face. She could not breathe. She could not talk. All she could think was that she could be dead by morning.


6

Mare Demons 

Today I will die. 
Ailia was back in her mare dream and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
She carefully peeled back the distressed linen curtain and glanced out the window. A black smoke trail followed the Surtorians, the Empress of Darkness’s agents. “They’re almost here!  You must leave!  Leave now, with Freydis before they come!” Ailia yelled to her mother, Edna. Ailia’s heart hammered like thunder, threatening to burst through her chest. “Oh, may the gods be merciful today!” she said. 
Ailia wanted to wake up, but she couldn’t.
The Empress’s longships had arrived down at the harbor right after dawn and everyone in the Northlandic city knew her intentions: burn the city down until she found the one she was looking for. Yet, no one in Whiteheim seemed to know exactly who that someone was – no one, except for Ailia and her family. 
Why is she after me? Ailia couldn’t remember. 
Dense smoke and flying ashes filled the spring sky and it smelled of burnt wood and flesh. The Empress had come on the one morning Ailia’s husband was gone. Did she plan it that way? Ailia wondered. What’s my husband’s name? Am I losing my mind? No, I’m just dreaming!
“No, I will not leave you, not now, not ever. Do you understand?” Edna grabbed Ailia by the shoulders and shook her. “Freydis needs her mother, your husband needs his wife and I need my daughter.” Her swollen almond eyes searched for Ailia’s gaze. “Come with us. Please, my love, come with us. I beg you!” 
Ailia had never seen her mother so distraught. “It’s me the Empress is after. If she has me, she will put an end to the Surtorians’ slaughter and thousands of lives will be spared.” She twisted out of her mother’s grip. The last time the Empress had been on Ailia’s heels was three months ago and they needed to uproot again and relocate to Whiteheim so they could gain more time, but time to do what? Something did not seem right and the untimely loss of her memory petrified Ailia.
Suddenly, a clamoring crowd rushed past their window, followed by a mob of Surtorians. Death would swallow her victims whole, whether or not those victims were ready for death. Ailia could stop the bloodshed.
Ailia cringed and closed the ashen shutters. “Please, Mother. If the Surtorians find you and Freydis, they won’t hesitate to kill both of you as well as me.” Ailia was tired of running from the Empress of Darkness. Eiess haunted Ailia’s dreams at night and made each day a living mare dream and she would not stop hunting Ailia until she had killed Ailia. If she surrendered now, Ailia would still have one more life to use to outmaneuver and destroy the Empress. If only we had better concealed my identity, she would never have known where to find me, Ailia lamented. “I know how afraid you must be, Mother, but please, for the sake of Freydis, leave now,” she said.
The plea came too late. A Surtorian kicked in the door and entered the dim house, lifting his great sword at Ailia. “I knew I would find you here,” he said, his voice rough and threatening. A grim smile appeared on the monster’s crusty lips. Bright red blood dripped from the greatsword’s massive blade—the blood of who knew how many innocent lives. 
The three-year-old Freydis screamed and ran over to her mother, hiding behind her skirt. 
“Come with me now and I will spare the life of the snot child and the old hag,” the Surtorian barked. He pushed over a table and chair, backing Ailia and Freydis up into a corner of the house by the spinning wheel.
Ailia could see that blood spotted his long, red beard as well. She looked at her mother and back at the Surtorian. His offer to spare Freydis and Edna was more than generous coming from a slayer who was trained to kill humans mercilessly and Ailia knew it. “Do I have your word?” she asked, staring him in the eyes.
“Yes,” the Surtorian said. He lowered his sword and rested both hands on the hilt.
I have no other choice but to believe him. Ailia hunched down and looked her daughter tenderly in the eyes. “You are brave, my love, so very brave. Remember, Mamma loves you. Be good for Bestmother,” she said, hoping the words would bring courage to her daughter and herself. She stroked Freydis’s golden hair away from her face and kissed her on the forehead. There is nothing more beautiful than the innocence of a child, she thought sadly. Ailia glanced at her mother and nodded.
“Freydis, come here, my love. Let’s go into the other room and play,” Edna said, holding her arms open to receive the child. Tears ran down Edna’s cheeks.
Freydis smiled, running over to her bestmother and jumping into her arms. 
The moment is bittersweet, Ailia thought: bitter because she would not live to raise her child, sweet because her child’s life had been spared. She stood up and nodded again to Edna, signaling her to leave. “Please, please, don’t let her forget me,” Ailia said softly as tears flooded her eyes. Oh, the things I would do to have just a few more days with my family, with my husband. 
A cry escaped Edna’s lips and she turned to face her daughter again. “I will always speak of you so she will remember you. I will let her know who you were,” she said. 
“Enough! Before I change my mind!” The Surtorian yelled and rushed toward the women, his creaking black leather armor smelling of sweat and the sea.
Freydis buried her head into her bestmother’s chest. With the child clinging to her body, Edna disappeared into the back room.
Ailia lifted a scroll out of her pocket and placed it next to the hearth before stepping forward to surrender. She had written the scroll earlier that same morning when she had decided to turn herself in to Eiess. She knew for certain she had lost the battle with the Empress of darkness again.
“What do you think you are doing?” the Surtorian roared.
“Leaving a letter for my husband. He’s not here today. Surely you can give me that courtesy?” Ailia held her arms out front so he could tie them. She tried to read the writing on the outside of the scroll. It must be my husband’s name, but I cannot read it.
The Surtorian grabbed the scroll and crumpled it up in his leather-covered fist, throwing it toward the flames. Missing the flames, the scroll thumped heavily to the mud-packed floor instead. He seized Ailia and tied her arms behind her back, before dragging her out into the summer sun. The smell of smoke flooded her nostrils. 
Several Surtorians gathered around Ailia. “Look who I found!” her captor yelled. “The woman our Empress calls ‘Light’!”
Light? Ailia thought.
The Surtorians closed in on her and tugged her from side to side, nearly ripping off her clothes.
“Get back, fools! The Empress has instructed us to bring her back untouched, unharmed,” the Surtorian growled at the others. “Get back!” He lifted his great sword toward them and sliced through the air. They withdrew their filthy hands to keep them from getting chopped off with the sword. 
A lure sounded from the main longship, beckoning all Surtorians to return to the ship. The mission was complete. The lure’s deafening sound competed with the warning bells from the Whiteheim bell tower. Both worked in unison to instill fear into all the people of Whiteheim. 
 “Can you swim, little fish?” The Surtorian grinned, nearly spitting in Ailia’s face. He pulled her along, kicking up the gravel from the road as he strode back toward Eiess’s longships. 
“Yes,” Ailia lied—she could not swim. Ailia twisted around so she could see Freydis and her mother in the window. “I don’t know when I’ll return, but never lose hope that I’ll be back!” she called back toward them. Unable to bear seeing her mother’s forlorn face or her daughter’s longing eyes in the window, she turned back to face the fjord. “Mamma! Mamma!” she heard Freydis cry. At least my child is safe now, Ailia thought. That is all that matters. She could see that the Empress was flying four crescent-moon ensigns on her massive longship that she had appropriated from the late King Harald of Trollsoe.
“I doubt you will be able to swim for very long with weights tied to your feet,” the Surtorian said, jerking her forward.
So they’ll drown me, Ailia thought.
The other Surtorians roared with laughter, clanking and drumming their swords and shields together, as they marched in perfect rhythm to the beat of death—her death. 
They reached the city port quickly. Ailia noticed a slough of seagulls squawking as they flew in circles above the longship. They seemed disturbed—or obsessed—plunging into the sea, appearing to disappear in its depths as if they were drowning themselves. The splashing sound of the waves and the fragrance of the sea rode in on the shifting winds as the breeze excited the longship’s black sails.
The Surtorian pushed Ailia onto the longship and led her below deck. There, in the dimness, a young woman sat on a black and gold throne. Her intense green eyes fixed on Ailia immediately.
“I am so glad I found you again. Welcome to my reign,” Eiess said gently. Her raven hair cascaded in waves down her chest.
Again? Ailia could not remember ever meeting her, but did not respond. Her eyes almost look like they are glowing, she thought. She felt the longship cast off from the pier, and Ailia knew in the back of her mind what was coming. 
The Empress strolled over to Ailia. “Today, Light, you will lose your life again, just like you did before.” She stood at arm’s length from Ailia now, leering at her. “Do you remember the last time I drowned you? It was quite dramatic but fantastically rewarding for me.” She smiled.
Ailia looked away. She didn’t remember, but she had heard about it from—Why can’t I remember my husband’s name?
“You really do not remember, do you?” The Empress tilted her head back and laughed. “How amusing. Has my treacherous friend, your dear husband, visited you and reminded you of our pact?”
Yes, but I don’t remember what he said, Ailia thought.
The Empress caressed Ailia’s auburn hair with her hand. “You must be afraid now that I am going to drown you again. That means you only have one more life to try and destroy me. One—Two—Three, that is all you were given. You have not done very well with the first two lives at all.” She sighed at length and stroked Ailia’s cheek with the back of her pastel hand.
“No, I’m not afraid,” Ailia lied. She did fear drowning and death but not as much as she feared losing her husband or failing her life’s purpose to kill Eiess. 
“Take care of her,” the Empress said to the Surtorian. “The sooner I can get rid of my problem and the sooner we can leave this wretched land of midnight sun, the better.”
The Surtorian promptly pulled Ailia out onto the deck. The bright sun stung Ailia’s eyes and the feisty summer sea breeze gusted in her face. Uncontrollable fear surged through her body like a scream when her eyes finally adjusted and she saw how far they had already sailed from port. 
The Empress came out from below deck. “I loathe the sun, but I will endure the light just so I can have the satisfaction of watching you die,” she said.
 “I will return!” Ailia screamed. “I will come for you again!”
The Empress remained silent, but she needed no words to communicate the gratification that vibrated from her eyes. 
“Any last words?” the Surtorian said. He locked a chain with weights around Ailia’s ankles and dragged her to the longship’s prow.
“When I return, I will return with a vengeance and—” Ailia said.
The Surtorian pushed her overboard.
“—fulfill my life’s purpose in—” Ailia said just as she hit the water.

*    *    *

Ailia woke up drenched in sweat, gasping for air, crying out for help. Another mare dream. She hadn’t had one in a while and thought the horrifying dreams had finally vanished. She sat up and told herself it was just a bad dream. Nothing else, just a bad dream. Dangling her feet over her bed, she debated whether she should try to go back to sleep or get up. No one in Brandersgaar was awake yet; it was as quiet as the deepest ocean. Then it dawned on her what day it was. 
Today was winter solstice and Ailia’s eighteenth birthday. She always felt gloomy around her birthday as thoughts of her real birth parents surfaced to the forefront of her mind. Normally, she would have invited friends over to celebrate, but all her friends had abandoned her, thinking she was a bad omen and even cursed. Rumors of Ailia’s curse still buzzed through Bergendal, even though she hadn’t had any of her mare dreams since the first snowfall. 
She had wanted to escape all the persecution for a while and had finally realized that marrying Geir would be the best thing for her. No one in Solnes, Geir’s hometown, knew about her alleged curse and she was looking forward to a new beginning, even though it took marrying a man she didn’t love. Their wedding was set for spring and Unni had just recently started sewing Ailia’s wedding dress.
When the red cock crowed, Ailia got up and bundled herself in her sheepskin overcoat. She decided to head to Odinseat to clear her mind. She also wanted to get a better view of the Auroras that had been beaming across the heavens over the past few nights. Odinseat was the place in Midgard where the god Odin supposedly visited when he needed to ponder and receive inspiration. And lately, it was one of Ailia’s favorite places to go when she too needed to ponder. 
As she left, she started walking quickly to work up some body heat. It wasn’t too cold outside today, so she was looking forward to her little secret excursion under the star-speckled heavens. If she hurried, she figured she could even be back by sunrise, which was always late morning this time of year. She crossed the nearly frozen-over Bergendal River and continued through the pine-covered Bergendal mountainside and on to Odinseat. 
Ailia climbed upward for some time until she came to the steepest part of the mountain, right before she reached Odinseat. With her back to the icy ridge, she inched her way sideways, so she could squeeze to the other side of the peak. Finally she stepped onto a perfectly flat massive cliff, which jutted out from the mountain, over the Bergendal valley. When she sat down, she was breathless, having trudged through knee-high snow nearly all the way. The sky had been clear at the onset of her trip, but now heavy, dense clouds hung in the heavens instead of stars. Strange, she thought, how all these clouds had suddenly appeared. There was no way she would be able to see any of the Auroras in this overcast weather. All that for nothing? Ailia laughed. Just like my life lately: a huge disappointment. 
She sat still for a long time, thinking of all the things she had now started to realize she would never experience—Love, being one of them. That was the hardest one to give up. She knew she could never love Geir. There was no connection between them whatsoever and marrying him would be like marrying her Uncle Brander: unnatural, awkward and depressing. But at least I will have peace, she thought.
As she sat there for a while longer, cold wind began sneaking its way back into her body as snowflakes gently swayed their way down from above. I best get home, Ailia thought. The last thing she needed was to get stuck in the mountains in the middle of a snowstorm on her birthday!  
She edged her way back around the mountain corner and started down the slope. Suddenly, she lost her foothold and started sliding down the mountainside. She didn’t slide far, however, before a pine tree stopped her rapid descent with a thud. After assuring herself that she wasn’t hurt, Ailia opened her eyes. 
Then, she saw them: a multitude of ruggedly-dressed men standing in the forest, with longswords, spears and Dane axes in hand, looking like they were planning an attack. A few of the closest men spotted Ailia and started pointing at her, yelling and “Look over there! It is a girl!”
Where had they come from? Ailia wondered, frightened immediately. If this was an attack on Bergendal, she needed to get word to Brander as soon as possible. 
“Gunnar, seize that girl straightaway!” a man said. 
Gunnar? she thought. She used to know a man named Gunnar. He’d come over and visit Brandersgaard when Ailia was a child and she thought she remembered that he might somehow be related to Unni. This probably was not the same Gunnar, she figured. 
She couldn’t tell who was giving the orders—there were so many men. Most of them had heavily-bearded faces and they all had thick fur or sheepskin overcoats, with heavy boots, mittens and hats or hoods covering their heads. Some men held torches.
Ailia got up as fast as she could and ran in the opposite direction of the men. The snow on the slanted forest floor was difficult to run in and she kept slipping. All she could think about was her fear and how stupid she had been in not telling anyone where she had gone. Her heart started racing a thousand miles a minute now because she knew she was in grave danger. 
“Stop!” Gunnar yelled after her. “Stop, or I will kill you!” On his way toward Ailia, he grabbed his Dane ax. “I have my ax aimed at your head and I am ready to unleash it!”
Ailia froze up and turned to face her pursuer. Should I run? Shouldn’t I run? They would probably kill her if they caught her. They would probably kill her if she kept running. Fear raced through Ailia’s veins and her heart hammered violently. Her feet instinctively started backing away from her adversary. 
“Who are you?” she heard herself ask. No answer. The distance between her and Gunnar was decreasing rapidly. Get home! Get home! she told herself. She decided to run. Ailia turned around, but another man had snuck up behind her. She ran into him and he grabbed her by the hair. The pain was agonizing. “Ouch!” she yelled, grabbing his thick forearm. Tears flooded her eyes. He smelled disgusting, unfamiliar, almost sweet and yet rancid. Then she noticed a black raven embroidered onto his grungy, red wool overcoat. Don’t the Vik people carry a raven emblem?  
Her hair hurt, but she forced herself not to think about that now. They are going to kill me! “Unni!  Brander!” she screamed. But she knew they couldn’t hear her. Not out here, miles away from Brandersgaard. In a flash, she thought back to a conversation she had overheard between Bishop Peter and Sigrid, their thrall. “If you ever meet a Vik person, make sure that whatever you do—” the Bishop had said, “—don’t ever let them capture you and take them to their settlement. For if you do, you are as good as dead.” 
“Tie her to this tree here,” a man said. He looked like he was their leader.
Gunnar pulled out some rope, bound her arms and feet and then tied her to a hefty pine tree. “What do I do with her now?” he asked.
“I’ll decide that later,” the leader said and rushed off.
Another man came up to Ailia. He pulled off his hooded winter coat and started untying his trousers. Ailia immediately knew what he was going to do. But before he was even able to touch her, a circular object that came flying through the air struck down the man. His head split open and he crashed to the ground, sending blood everywhere. Snowflakes were coming down so heavily now that Ailia had a hard time seeing where the flying object came from. In the distance, she thought she saw a woman in a light-colored dress catch the flying weapon, and then placing it on her head. A crown?
“Keep your men focused on the task at hand,” a woman’s voice yelled angrily to the leader. “If not, I will find myself some other men.”
“Yes, Empress Eiess,” the leader said, bowing.
Eiess is—alive? Ailia had always thought that the evil Empress from her dreams was alive, but now after having seen her and heard her name spoken from someone else’s lips, it made it so much more real. Ailia’s blood curdled in her veins. She tried desperately to see through the white curtain of snow, but it was impossible because it was still dark out. Ailia tried to see if there were any Surtorians from her mare dreams around, too, but she couldn’t see any at all, only the shabbily dressed men that looked like Vik people.
“Get into your formations,” the Vik leader called out. Without missing a beat, the men lined up in five long lines across the mountainside. They stood close to each other, almost shoulder to shoulder. The men started to look more like warriors now than just a random group of men, Ailia thought. Most of the warriors carried a Dane ax, with a brightly colored wooden shield, but some carried greatswords or even spears or bows and arrows.
Eiess didn’t seem to care that Ailia was there, only that she didn’t distract the men from their plans. Ailia was glad Eiess didn’t recognize her, but maybe she had no reason to recognize her. Maybe Ailia’s dreams were of someone else entirely, someone else Eiess was after. Eiess had come a lot closer to Ailia now and was conversing with the Vik leader.
“You will advance your men from the south. The Surtorians will come from the east. Once the outside of the Northlandic Castle has been secured, I will enter and take over the throne—alone,” Eiess said. “Vilda, the king’s sister, has agreed to try and talk King Olav into a peaceable solution. If he does not agree, we will have to use a more creative—method.”
“My men are ready at your command,” the Vik leader said.
“Good, because I would hate to be disappointed by you again,” Eiess said. “Your job is to make sure the people of Bergendal do not interfere in my plans. Keep the inhabitants as unsuspecting as possible. Only kill if you absolutely have to. I need them alive, so they can do work for me later.”
“Yes, Your Excellency,” the man said. “What about the girl over there?”
Ailia’s ears pinned instinctively, but she barely dared listen for the answer. What will my fate be?  
“I do not have time to worry about an insignificant peasant girl. See that she does not cause any more distractions among your men. After the throne is mine, you can do with her as you please,” Eiess said.
Ailia breathed for a moment. Safe for now, but she feared what would come after. Captivity? Rape? Torture? Death? All four?
“Once that is complete, may I take the rest of Bergendal’s spoils with me?” the Vik leader asked.
“Spoils?” Eiess said. “If you do your job like I have commanded, there should be no spoils. I do not want your men plundering or raping in Bergendal. This will be my city now. Anything you plunder, you will be plundering from me. I will reward you with longships and treasures beyond your wildest imagination if you do your job to my satisfaction.”
“Of course, Your Excellency,” the Vik leader said, bowing.
“Now, let us take charge of Bergendal and the entire Northlandic Kingdom,” Eiess said, commanding.
The Vik leader marched over in front of his men who were waiting.
“No plundering! No raping! No killing, unless I command! Only imprison those who rebel. Try to remain invisible to the people of Bergendal. If you keep to these rules, there will be generous amounts of treasures and countless other opportunities for all of you! If you do not keep to these rules, you all know what happens to traitors!” the Vik leader said. The warriors quietly clanked their weapons on their shields. 
The Vik leader nodded to Eiess, who nodded back. 
“Then let us proceed with our descent,” Eiess said. 
The warriors started moving down the mountainside as quietly as cats, ready to help Eiess usurp the Northlandic Throne. 


7

Shift 

Soon, the women reached the bottom of the stairwell. Nora stopped and grabbed Lucia by the arms, looking her frankly in the eyes. “I cannot come with you, but Vilda is waiting for you outside by the king’s sleigh. She will take you to a safe place where Eiess cannot harm you.” 
 “You must come with me!” Lucia objected. “I refuse to go without you!”
“No time to debate,” Nora said. She grabbed Lucia’s hand and started pulling her down the hallway toward the storeroom. They scurried through the door and in to the pantry room. Maneuvering through the heavily packed chamber was tricky since it was stocked to the ceiling with food, drinks and items they had received just days before in preparation for the winter solstice celebration and Lucia’s coronation. 
Now it appears all the preparations have been for naught, Lucia thought. 
Nora pushed the door open and the icy northern wind hit Lucia’s face. She shuddered. Her fur coat kept the subzero air out of her body and she was grateful that Nora had chosen her warmest fur for this night. The wind was fiercely unforgiving, as it blew the millions of fluttering snowflakes in hundreds of different directions. 
Vilda was waiting outside in front of the sleigh. She looked like she was shivering. “Oh good, there you are. I was beginning to get worried something had happened to you.” She sighed briefly before opening her arms to greet Lucia with an embrace. 
Lucia ran over and hugged her. Something is different with Vilda. She could sense it.
Nora curtsied to Vilda and opened the sleigh door. “Do not you worry, Lucia, my dear. I will be meeting you soon enough,” Nora said.
“No, I refuse to leave without you, Nora.” Lucia folded her arms across her chest. She felt desperate for comfort now and she knew she could not get it from Vilda.
Nora turned Lucia toward her and looked her straight in the eyes again. “You will go and you will go now!” she shouted. 
Lucia had never seen Nora this obstinate and was startled by her sternness. 
“Now get in that sleigh, young lady, immediately. Everything will be fine in the end, you will see,” Nora said.
Lucia wrapped her arms around Nora again, squeezing her tight. Nora seemed to be hiding something, something like fear or pain, or the knowledge that everything would not be all right. Nora pried Lucia’s arms open and guided her into the sleigh. 
“But what about my father? Where is he? Why has he abandoned me?” Lucia asked.
“He will meet you after all is settled,” Nora said, her voice competing with the howling wind. “Take good care of her, Your Majesty,” Nora begged Vilda. 
“Why of course,” Vilda replied. “She is safe in my keeping; you can count on that.”
Nora burst into tears when Lucia sat down. “Lucia, I will see you in a few days, my dear.” She hugged Lucia. “Farewell,” Nora said, stepping back and holding the door open for Vilda. 
“Thank you,” Vilda said civilly as she stepped into the white sleigh. “But in reality, you know I do not need your help.”
Nora curtsied and closed the door behind Vilda. She signaled to the coachman who was at the helm of six strong dun fjord horses. The Coachman signaled to his horses and the sleigh started moving, slowly at first and then faster and faster until it faded into the winter storm. 
Lucia watched her old handmaiden fade into the distance. Will I ever see her again? The question stabbed her in the heart.
“Your father is a fool,” Vilda said suddenly. “He thinks he can get rid of me by sending me away to Hammersten.”
Lucia was shocked. She knew her father and Vilda had some disagreements, but she was stunned that Vilda would ever call him a fool, especially in Lucia’s presence. “I think he could really use you there,” Lucia said.
“Yes, that is all I have ever been to him—someone he can use,” Vilda said.
“That is not what I meant,” Lucia said.
“ It is the truth. Driver!” Vilda yelled. “Stop the sleigh. I need to get out.”
“Do we not need to get away from here as quickly as possible?” Lucia asked. “Eiess is after me!”
The sleigh slowed and then finally stopped. Vilda got up next to the coachman and pushed him off with one forceful shove, sending him into the snow. 
“What are you doing?” Lucia asked, ready to jump out of the sleigh. “Have you completely lost your mind?”
“We need to go back to the castle. We need the Aesira Jewel, so you can keep shifting the seasons. Your father is a fool to not have thought about that,” Vilda said.
Lucia felt stupid. Vilda was right. If Eiess got hold of the Aesira Jewel, all would be lost. They rode back as quickly as possible and both got out of the sleigh.
“Do you know where the Aesira Jewel is kept?” Vilda asked.
How does she know about the Jewel anyway? I thought only my father and I knew about it. And now that she started thinking about it, maybe her father had already thought of what to do with the Aesira Jewel.
“There is no time to waste. Eiess will be here any moment,” Vilda said.
“I will go get it. Wait here,” Lucia said.
“No!” Vilda yelled. “I must come with you.”
“No, I will go get it,” Lucia insisted. “My father told me that I should tell no one where it is kept hidden, not even you.”
“Your mother told me everything about the Aesira Jewel and the Scrolls. You do not have to hide anything from me. I am only trying to help you. You can trust me, Lucia,” Vilda said.
Scrolls? Lucia thought. “Let us go see my father first.”
Vilda grabbed Lucia’s arm and shook it. “No! There is no time!”
“I would think, if you do not know where the Aesira Jewel is, you should not have access to it,” Lucia said, starting toward the castle entrance.
Vilda grabbed Lucia’s arm again and pulled her back. She hit her across the face this time and grabbed a chain she had kept underneath a fur in the sleigh. She chained Lucia’s wrists and pulled her after her into the castle and up the stairs to the throne room.
Lucia's mouth and nose was bleeding heavily onto her stark-white fur coat, but her focus was not on that. When my father sees me, he will set me free. “Father!” Lucia yelled, as she saw him with his counselors, their heads down over a table, looking like they were planning their attack.
Vilda tugged the chain she had placed around Lucia’s wrists and Lucia fell hard to the floor, slamming her head against the cold stone surface. Lucia let out a cry. Vilda dragged Lucia back along the floor, pulling on the chain that detained her.
“What in Thor’s name are you doing here?” Olav asked. His face paled immediately. “And what are you doing to Lucia?”
“Brother, dear Brother,” Vilda started. “Hear me out. I have a superior solution to your—to our —problems. It will be better for your people, for your household, for you and especially for Lucia, your only heir to the throne.”
“Vilda, this is no time for discussion; we need to prepare, so we have a chance to save the Northlandic Kingdom. What are you doing? I asked you to take Lucia far away from here, so she would be protected and safe.” Olav started toward Vilda.
“Stop, or I will kill her,” Vilda said, pulling out a dagger.
Olav stopped.
“Brother, do you really think you can stand up to Eiess? You will be dead by morning if you resist her,” Vilda said with a disdainful laugh. “There must be a way we can peaceably resolve matters with her,” she said slyly.
“You know there is no way to peaceably resolve matters with Eiess. She demands utter submission and servitude from everyone. I will not discuss it here. Now, release Lucia instantly!” His voice thundered through the throne room.
All the guards stood at unease.
“And if I do not?” Vilda challenged.
“You will be thrown in the dungeon until we are through fighting this battle and you will be tried for treason,” Olav threatened. 
“Ha!” Vilda yelled. “Ha, ha, ha! I have been living under your pathetic rule for years and this is how you repay me? I have supported you and I have cared for you and Lucia since Maud’s passing. I can help you find a way to live in peace under the Empress and what do you do? You throw it in my face! You king of scum!” she fumed.
Olav gestured to his Grand Marshal and he sent the two closest guards to restrain her. 
Vilda pressed the dagger in front of Lucia’s heart so hard that it pierced her dress. 
Lucia became very afraid now and let out a whimper. The guards halted their attack on Vilda. 
“My Brother, do you think I would come in here empty-handed and without a decent plan? I am not an idiot like you.” She then pulled Lucia in even closer and spoke directly into her ear. “Lucia, your father is not a king to be admired. He hardly even deserves the title. He is a coward and a feeble-minded man. He was never even faithful to your poor mother and spent his time seducing and whoring with another woman named Ava. Did you know your mother was heartbroken over this? She would come to me crying almost every day. She deserved a much better man than him.” 
Lucia looked at her father to see if this was true, not wanting to believe Vilda’s words.
“Enough!” Olav spewed. “Leave her out of this!” 
It is true, Lucia thought. Her heart shattered for her poor mother.
Vilda stood up tall, an air of satisfaction and accomplishment resting on her face. “The seed of doubt has been planted in Lucia’s mind. Now, she is starting to see who you truly are, like I do.” 
“What do you want?” Olav asked hostilely.
“I want to be heard!” Vilda snapped back. “I want to feel that what I have to say is important to you!”
“Do not think of yourself only. Eiess will be here soon and we will surely be defeated unless we act now,” Olav said, meekly now.
“Ah, but she is part of the solution—my solution,” Vilda retorted.
“Very well. If you let Lucia go, you may speak your plan and I will listen.”
“I will not let her go, but hear me now. Eiess will spare your lives and continue the seasons as usual if you give her all power over the Northlandic Kingdom and generously bestow her with the Aesira Jewel,” Vilda said.
“Have you been speaking with her?” Olav asked, his face grimacing in horror.
“She is my ally,” Vilda revealed, looking proud. “An unexpected friend indeed.” She smiled.
“How could you betray your own blood?” Lucia asked. I will never do that.
“At first, I was afraid of the powerful Empress and resisted her advances. I could never betray my brother, my own blood, I believed. But then I thought, what is blood? One cannot choose one’s family; one is just randomly born into one and stuck with them until death. Life in Midgard is too short and difficult to suffer through bad families. So, when I accepted an audience with Eiess, she told me that she is here as the peace giver, the one who brings rest, tranquility and stillness to the weary, worried heart. She is here to—” Vilda said.
Olav interrupted her. “Do you comprehend the destruction she will bring on this land if she gets her hands on the Aesira Jewel? She will usurp everyone’s power, making all men, women and children thralls, with no freedom, no choice and no reason to live. We will all suffer and starve to death sooner or later. Have you given any thought to that?” Olav yelled.
“No, Olav, she has promised to spare the people and to ring in the new season every solstice. She will even allow Lucia to do it. She is no liar, Brother. You know this. She is the Sentinor of rest and peace,” Vilda said.
Olav paused. “She is a liar. She is the ultimate liar! And she will devastate every living soul in Midgard with her finite ideas of rest.” Olav thought for a moment. “Vilda, I concede; I will listen to her when she gets here,” he stated. “Now, release Lucia immediately.”
“As soon as you give me the Aesira Jewel,” Vilda answered slyly.
Unexpectedly to all, the castle walls started shaking violently. Vilda lost her footing and her grasp on Lucia, falling to the floor. Lucia quickly made her way to her father’s side.
“Are you hurt?” Olav asked.
Lucia shook her head. “Only afraid,” she admitted.
Then, as quickly as it had begun, the shaking ceased. All the torches were stripped of their flames, leaving the throne room in a void of light where only a hollow silence remained. Whistling wind sang through the corridors and as the wind neared, it sounded like a woman’s breath exhaling deeply. Sounds of ice crystallizing the walls trickled down in the darkness and with one last breath, the fireplace was also extinguished. 
Everyone in the room held their breaths in the dark as they waited for some evil to beset them. It was alarmingly quiet outside. No birds sang. No men spoke. And not even the wind howled anymore. If Eiess had arrived, there should surely have been a battle, with all the guards that had lined up outside, but there was only the resonating sound of sinister silence. Dawn started to illuminate the cloudy sky and light penetrated the stained-glass windows. The guards’ armor picked up the subtle luminosity, reflecting it onto the walls. 
Lucia could see her breath in front of her in the now-freezing room. She gathered her fur coat closely around her neck and tried to make eye contact with her father. She was afraid to speak, thinking that her voice would attract more danger. 
Then, almost unnoticed, Eiess entered the room.

*    *    *

	Eiess entered the room alone. She moved like a spirit, ethereally flowing as with invisible wings, gliding over the solid, cold, stone floor. She was as stunningly beautiful as she was cold. Her dress was made of ice blue and white silk and was simple, yet timeless. The square neckline on the masterpiece accentuated her square jawline and as subtle light peeked through the windows, Lucia could see that she had piercing light-green eyes and pitch-black hair. Eiess’s age could not be determined, for no one knew when she had actually entered Midgard’s Realm. And she looked like she was in her mid-twenties, still exuding youthful beauty and vivacity. She was also the only living human-like being Lucia knew of who was not warm-blooded and Lucia had heard rumors that she was a soulless creature, who would devour human souls, so she could continue to live in Midgard.
Eiess’s skin was as pale and smooth as porcelain, but strangely enough, she did, Lucia could see, have light, rosy cheeks. Her posture was impeccable and she moved with graceful exquisiteness. The sleeves on her dress were not puffed, but sleek and flared down toward the floor. The drop set waist dress accentuated her elegant thinness. Her floor-length skirt had a train that flowed endlessly, like the breath from a warm-blooded living being on a cold winter night. Sparkling diamond rings adorned most of her fingers and a diamond necklace decorated her swan-like neckline. The Empress had no armor to shield her body, no guard to protect her life; she needed no such things. Her power to kill was infinite and they all knew it and felt her threatening, overpowering presence as she silently entered their midst. 
“Greetings,” Eiess said, her expression completely unapologetic.
Vilda moved to greet her. “My Empress,” she said and bowed down on the floor before Eiess. “I have failed to convince King Olav of your noble and altruistic intentions,” she offered.
“Never mind him,” Eiess responded with the greatest of calmness in her deep, soothing voice. “I will take care of him,” she said, staring at Lucia as if she owned her. 
“My daughter is not for the taking and using in your scheme to control me,” Olav said, pulling Lucia closer.
“Ah, but she is,” Eiess refuted. “You seem to think that you are more powerful than me and that you have a say in the matter. I am Empress here. This is my reign!”
Lucia gasped as a deep chill shot down her spine. “My dream,” she whispered.
 “Ah, now you recognize me, child,” Eiess said. “My question is the same for you. I will persist until I have the answer I seek.” 
“I will never tell you!” Lucia insisted. She was still clinging onto her father’s armor.
“I will give you an opportunity to join me, Olav,” Eiess said, shifting her focus onto him.
“Never!” Olav roared.
“Are you certain? For if you do not, I will seize the castle by force and many more will die today,” Eiess said.
“Never!” he yelled again.
Smiling, Eiess raised her left hand and looked up into the ceiling. She clenched her fist and then pulled her hand down in to her body. She then raised her right hand, with her palm up toward Lucia and started pulling her forward with an imperceptible force. 
Lucia started screaming out of fear as she felt the pull of gravity coming from Eiess. As she was being dragged in the direction of her adversary, she grabbed on to her father’s arm with all her might. She looked into her father’s eyes and yelled, “Father, help me, Father!”
“Lucia!” Olav yelled back, grabbing on tighter to keep her from being pulled away. “Charge!” he yelled to the guards. 
They responded immediately, attacking Eiess with full force.
For a moment, Eiess let go of Lucia, but only to get rid of the distraction Olav had caused. Eiess pulled her hands into her chest, closed her eyes and paused. Then, she opened her glowing, icy green eyes and flung her arms out to the side as quickly as she could. Darkness oozed from her arms, permeating the room. The obscure mist swallowed all the guards and all light in its blackness. The hazy smoke lifted the guards up and up forcing them to the top of the high ceilings. Nervous clamors from the men echoed the room. A fall from there might mean death. Then, Eiess dropped her arms and the darkness disappeared. She slammed the guards to the stone floor with a crash. The colorful stained-glass windows exploded to the outside, opening passages for the cool northern air to enter. 
“Go!” Olav said, pulling Lucia with him toward the northwestern exit door.
The Grand Marshal and four guards followed Olav and Lucia.
Wasting no time, Eiess lifted the diamond and sapphire crown off of her head and flung it toward them, cutting the Grand Marshal and one of the guards on their foreheads. The crown rebounded after its brief, lethal flight back into the hands of the Empress who caught it mid-air. She returned the weapon to her head. It looked innocently beautiful where it sat.
“Thank you Lamnia,” Lucia heard Eiess say. It almost sounded as if she were speaking to her crown.
Lucia shrieked as they exited, stepping over the men, twisting in agony on the floor. 
“You shall not live where you have lived before,” Eiess said, passing by the victims, stepping around their tormented bodies.
“Vilda, follow me!” Lucia heard Eiess command. Looking back, she clung to her father’s hand for dear life as they ran toward the queen’s chamber. “They are coming!”
A guard opened the door to the room and shut it behind them after everyone had entered.
“Chairs, furniture, everything in front of the door now!” Olav shouted. “Before we leave, we must get the Aesira Jewel. It is the only way to keep the Empress from becoming omnipotent,” Olav ordered. “It rests behind my mural there.” 
Just then, the door blasted open and Eiess entered the chamber with Vilda and numerous Surtorians by her side. 
Lucia wondered if the Surtorians were from Jotunheim, the realm of the giants. They looked monstrously large. 
“I am glad to see you have all managed to meet in my new chamber. I believe I have everything I need here, once my dear Lucia shows me where the Aesira Jewel is. So, my King, I have grown weary of you and I see no need for you to continue living. I am the new queen of this castle and I will reign here forever,” Eiess said, gesturing to the entire room. “Prepare to meet your dead queen.” Eiess stared at Olav with an emotionless gaze. 
He started to shiver uncontrollably, his eyes rolling back into his skull. 
Lucia had heard about how the Empress could kill someone by freezing them to death from the inside, by sucking out their warmth and light, or their very soul. “If you kill him, I will never tell you where the Aesira Jewel is! If you spare his life and let us go, I will give you the Aesira Jewel right now.”
The Empress agreed and released Olav. “I will let you leave the castle with no harm done to you, or your father, or the rest of your useless guards,” she said and waived to the guards with the back of her hand.
Lucia walked over to the mural and tried to lift it off the wall. It was far too heavy for her, so Olav made his way over and helped her. They lost their grip on it, as they lowered it and the frame cracked as it hit the floor. Seeing it was a lost cause, they let the whole mural fall down with a loud thud.
“Oh, how fitting,” Eiess chuckled. Her Surtorians laughed too.
Behind the mural was a small silver door in the wall. Lucia opened it, revealing the Aesira Jewel that was inside. She was surprised at how large it was. She lifted the oval yellow diamond up. It was almost too large to fit in the grasp of both her hands. “Here you are,” Lucia said, holding it up for Eiess to take. 
Eiess looked at the Aesira Jewel and slightly raised her right eyebrow. “After all these years, I thought it would be so much harder to get my hands on the Aesira Jewel,” she chuckled wickedly. “And now I realize that all I needed to do was ask!” She reached for the Jewel and took it gently out of Lucia’s hands. “You may go,” she said, without taking her eyes off of her new prize. She caressed the diamond with her fingertips, studying its intricate workmanship.
“But, Your Excellency, we cannot utilize the Jewel without—” Vilda started to say.
“You think I do not realize that the Jewel needs the Sun Queen and Iluxia to work?  Do you still think I plan on using the Aesira Jewel? You really are stupid.”
Vilda gasped and looked at Olav. 
“Now, there will be no more light or summer from this day forward. No more heat to dread, no more warmth to dull my bitterly cold wind, no more sun to light the shades and shadows!” Eiess said. “Now get out of here before I throw you into the tower!” she warned Lucia and Olav. “And Vilda, get me Johan!” 
Vilda’s eyes searched nervously, but she curtsied and left.
Olav, Lucia, and the three guards headed for the door immediately. They rushed down the western hallway, down the stairs and into the courtyard. The sky was blue and clear now. “Prepare the sleigh!” Olav ordered to his stable boy. “Where are all the guards?” Olav asked the boy.
“What guards?” the stable boy answered.
Olav looked shocked. “All the guards that were—” A loud crashing sound from the castle frightened them all. “Never you mind,” Olav said. “You must leave the castle immediately.” He helped Lucia into the sleigh. “If you do not leave, Eiess will have you for her own.”
Lucia thought the stable boy looked unusual, void of his own personality, his eyes glazed over and drained.
The guard cracked the whip and the horses neighed before taking off. When they were well outside the castle boundaries, Olav leaned over to Lucia. 
“How long until Eiess figures out that what I gave her is not the real Aesira Jewel?” he asked. 
“What?” Lucia looked at him. “That was not the real Aesira Jewel?”
Olav shook his head.
“Why did you tell me the Aesira Jewel rested behind the mural? Did you know Eiess would come today?” Lucia did not like that he had used her to promote his own purposes, even if his purposes had been for the better.
“I suspected she might. My scouts had been telling me all week that they had seen more and more Surtorians in the Northlandic Kingdom. I will admit, I did not know my plan would work so seamlessly.”
Lucia thought they had just succeeded in the biggest deception since the beginning of humanity. “Well, where is the real Aesira Jewel then?” Lucia wondered.
Olav looked at the other three men in the sleigh. 
She nodded. Of course, they needed to keep it a secret.
No one spoke a word, but their eyes all spoke of fear and nervousness as the horses galloped toward safety. Lucia rested her head on her father’s shoulder. Olav had not had time to grab his overcoat, but fortunately, there were fur throws and wool blankets in the sleigh that he could wrap himself in. 
Unexpectedly, one of the guards stood up, drew his sword, stabbed the other two guards in the chest and knocked Olav unconscious with the hilt. 
Before Lucia even had a chance to react, Haakon turned to her and slammed her head into the side of the sleigh. As he held her down to tie her hands behind her back, she could see Eiess’s Surtorians storming in their direction on their black horses. Eiess knows.


8

Wolves

The first thing Ailia noticed when she woke up was the eerie, hollow sound of the wind. Then, the pain set in. Her whole body felt as if it had been trampled on by a multitude of charging reindeer. She opened her eyes slowly and tried to make sense of her surroundings. Her cold fingers met the cold ground as she pushed herself up to a sitting position and she immediately knew she wasn’t at home. 
An opening a few feet away revealed that she was in some sort of a cave. The hood of her overcoat was down, so she pulled it up over her numb ears with her stiff, freezing fingers. Next to her was a piece of material that looked like a handkerchief and a small empty glass flask. She picked them up and put them both in her pocket. 
As she rose, she peered to the outside and saw the Northern Star shining brightly in the sky. She tried to remember how she ended up here, but the last thing she remembered was her hiking to Odinseat, then the Vik men on the mountainside, then—nothing. Ailia stumbled over to the ice cave’s exit in hopes of learning where she was, but the night made it difficult for her to see. An unsettling feeling in her stomach told her that she was far, far away from home. 
The full moon’s sheen glazed the snow-covered mountains and valleys with its subdued light and subtly lit up the black vastness of the heavens. Endless and hazardously beautiful glacier mounds and gorges were all Ailia could see. Where, why, how? Her mind raced. Each gust of wickedly cold wind felt like death calling and it illuminated one dangerous reality; she was wet. 
Both Ailia’s ivory under tunic and dull red top tunic were cold and wet and filthy at the skirt hem. Her sleeves came down tight to the wrists and were also wet and dirty at the edges. The butterfly stitches around her skirt hem and sleeves looked tattered and were barely noticeable. She looked down at her dark leather boots and noticed that they looked unusually worn from what she could remember and Ailia didn’t even recognize the navy woolen hooded cloak she was wearing. 
She pulled the handkerchief out of her pocket and now saw that it carried a black raven embroidering. Don’t the Vik people carry the raven emblem? It sent a chill down her already cold spine. She hated the Vik people for the fear they had instilled in the people of her hometown, but she put the cloth back in her pocket, hoping it would lead to clues about how she had ended up here so dirty, so battered and so alone. The flask was empty and had no scent, revealing nothing of its previous contents.
Biting cold wind tossed her messy hair in every direction as she exited the icy dome. She defensively grabbed the fur hood of her overcoat and pulled it tight onto her face to prevent the bitter blasts from entering her cloak. In the dim light, she could see the silhouette of the countryside and realized she was in an ice cave located on or close to the Blue Glaciers. 
“How did I end up here?” Ailia said out loud as if someone were listening. Her full lips burned in the colder than cold air. She recognized the towering Trollstein Mountains in the distant north, which were not far from her home, but very far from where she now found herself. 
There is no time to waste, she said to herself. She took a few steps and slid on the glassy ice, falling onto her bottom with a thump. “Why?” she said, looking up at the millions of stars above. Can’t I catch a break?  Her stomach made a grumbling sound and she grabbed her hollow belly. It was thinner than she had remembered it being. Finding food out here would be as likely as finding a fish in the sky. If she were extremely lucky, she would run into someone or find a cabin nearby with some hospitable folks. The odds seemed impossibly against her favor.
She stood up and looked for a path to follow as she alternately walked and crawled across the slick, transparent glacier. How long will I last before exhaustion sets in and defeat claims its win? She angrily hurled the thought out of her mind. Any doubt out here, Ailia, will cost you your life.
Continuing over the ice, she heard the distant howling of wolves, wolves that were probably ravenous and hunting for their next meal. Ailia quickly spotted the seven dark animals on the white glacier mountain, their eyes glowing orange in the light of the moon. She hoped they hadn’t seen her or picked up her scent, but it appeared by the direction they were heading that they had not only seen her but were also pursuing her. Ailia’s heart started pounding in her chest. She had never felt this type of fear before, the fear of being hunted and eaten alive by famished, wild creatures. 
She scanned the area for any shelter, but the bare glaciers had no trees, no rocks, nor any other places that she could see to easily hide or escape. Instinctively, Ailia started running in the opposite direction as her mind raced to find a solution. Her legs kept slipping and she fell over and over again as her body slammed onto the unforgiving surface. No! This is not how I am going to die! She couldn’t hold her voice back from letting out a loud, high-pitched scream. She screamed again and again. Her eyes welled up with tears, causing her vision to blur. 
It was already difficult to see in the dark, but reason had left and emotion had taken over. She continued to run as fast as she could, hurrying away from the vicious predators. Now, she could hear their paws hammering the ice behind her. Oh no, this is it! she thought.
Then, she glimpsed a thick, dried, wooden stick on the ground in front of her and picked it up. She hastily turned around and started swinging the stick as quickly and violently as she could in the wolves’ direction as she was screaming at the top of her lungs, trying uselessly to intimidate the wolves. 
The wolves slowed their pace as they methodically closed in on her, growling, snarling, licking their fangs and wagging their tails enthusiastically in excitement over their fresh prey. One wolf looked like he was twice the size of the others and it appeared he was heading the attack on Ailia. 
A smaller wolf got hold of her stick and locked it in with his sharp fangs. Ailia and the wolf were tugging at the stick in opposite directions, fighting for their own victory and a common reward—life. As she pulled the stick with all her might, she succeeded in tearing it from the wolf’s jaw. With the stick loose, she fell down on the ground, but she quickly recovered and jumped back to her feet. Adrenaline had taken over. Swinging at the wolf, she hit him hard on the side of the head causing him to fall to the ground with a whimper. 
Then, the leader came in at Ailia with full force. He was much stronger than the first wolf and deftly pulled the stick out of Ailia’s hands, flinging it to the side as he continued his fixated pursuit without losing a beat. He leapt toward Ailia and sunk his fangs into her foot. Ailia screamed in pain. The pain was sharp and intense and it felt like his incisors had dug all the way into the marrow of her bones. She kicked the large creature in the snout with her other leg and pulled her injured one out of the boot. Thick, red blood dripped onto the white snow. 
All the adrenaline had started to wear Ailia out and she felt like she didn’t have the willpower to fight back any more. Another wolf came at her arm, but it wasn’t able to bite through her thick wool cloak. He bit again and again, until the fabric started giving into his piercing teeth. The animal’s jaws were brutally strong and Ailia could feel the other wolves coming at her, tugging her, pulling her hair, her arms and her legs, wanting to get to her flesh. Just as she thought there was no hope and she was ready to give up, she heard one of the wolves whimper and fall to the ground. The other wolves looked up and another wolf was hit with an arrow, falling to the ground. 
The leader of the pack looked at Ailia and was hit by an arrow on his upper back. He whimpered and looked like he decided to abandon the hunt, pulling with him the rest of the pack. 
Ailia couldn’t believe that the wolves were gone. She knew someone was there heading in her direction, wanting to help her, someone who had saved her life. “Help,” she was able to cry out. “Please, my leg—” she pleaded to her unexpected rescuer.
A young man ran to her side and crouched down beside her. “Everything is going to be fine,” he said, dropping his bow onto the snow beside her as he quickly scanned her body. “Lucia, is that you?” he asked.
Ailia felt her strength leaving her body and then everything went black.

*    *    *

Ailia woke up and was instantly gripped by the pain she felt in her foot. She moaned quietly. A lively fire burned close to her and she enjoyed its presence. White polar bear furs and wool blankets covered Ailia’s body and she felt no coldness—except for on her nose—even though she was still outside and still on the glaciers, as far as she could tell. 
The young man that she recognized as her rescuer approached her. There seemed to be something both in his physical appearance and the way he moved and spoke that was so familiar, so comfortable and soothing.
“I have never seen a young girl like you take on the furious seven wolves before,” he said lightheartedly. Brown, heavy fur covered his blue wool overcoat. His fur hat covered what, Ailia thought, looked like dark-brown hair. 
“The who?” Ailia said.
“The wolves. A little south of here they are known as the furious seven. They have been responsible for many lost sheep lately.”
 “Oh, well, just so you know, I was close to beating them and if you had not interrupted me, I would have had them.” Ailia tried to smile, but noticed that even that hurt.
The stranger smiled. “I believe you!” He laughed. “Your leg will be fine in a few weeks. It looked really bad, several deep puncture wounds and lacerations. I sewed it up for you while you were out. You are lucky the wolves did not break any bones in your legs or arms with their tough jaws,” he said more seriously, stirring a pot on the fire. “I put an herbal compress on your foot and also on some smaller wounds on your face. You also had some sores on your hands from fighting off the wolves and I put some restorative ointment on them, as well.”
“Are you a healer?” Ailia asked, impressed by his apparent knowledge in the area. Ailia looked him in his blue eyes for the first time and was struck by his calming presence. Her soul vibrated at the sound of his deep voice and she felt wholly and unreservedly drawn to him as if by a dynamic, living force—a force that was eternal, yet just beginning to flourish. 
“I am,” he said. “My name is Soren.” He continued to stir the liquid and then he lifted the ladle and smelled the brew. 
Ailia thought the ladle looked like it was hundreds of years old. It was crooked and stained from years of use. “I’m Ailia.” She sat up.
“Pleased to meet you,” Soren said.
“Were you on your way to help someone?” Ailia asked cautiously, not wanting to impose too much on his privacy.
“Yes,” he said without offering any more information about where he was going. 
Ailia felt guilty right away for having stopped him on his journey. “Sorry,” she said. “I hope I didn’t cause anyone else to suffer—or die.”
He smiled. “No, they will be fine,” he said as he poured the boiling liquid into a wooden bowl and offered it to her. “Drink this. It will help take the edge off the pain.”
 Ailia reached for the bowl and smelled it. It smelled like a mixture of coriander, mint and lavender, as well as some other herbs she was not familiar with. She carefully sipped the hot drink and grimaced when the bitterness hit her tongue. 
Soren laughed briefly. “Not very appealing to the palate, I know, but it will help you sleep through the night.”
“Have I been out long?” Ailia asked, expecting a no.
“Oh, about three and a half days,” Soren answered.
“Oh, no! My aunt and uncle will be extremely worried about me,” Ailia said. “Last I remember, I was hiking up to Odinseat, and they didn’t know that I had left.” Then she thought about it. “And it was on my birthday!” She remembered. But after that she couldn’t remember anymore.
“When was your birthday?”
“It’s on winter solstice,” Ailia said.
“That is the last you remember?” Soren asked, looking surprised.
“Yes.”
“Have you been on the glaciers for a long time?” Soren asked.
“I, uh—I don’t know. I don’t remember. I don’t know how I got here, or how long I have been gone,” Ailia said.
“If the last thing you remember was your birthday on winter solstice, you’ve been gone for about four months,” Soren said.
Ailia choked on the tonic she was drinking, coughing it up. “What?” she yelled. Her aunt and uncle must be worried sick. Maybe they even thought she was dead.
“So you have been gone a while,” Soren said.
“Yes.” Months have disappeared, if what Soren was saying was true. “I’m sorry, I—uh, I’m a little shocked,” Ailia said.
“No need to apologize. I am sure I would react the exact same way if I was in your position,” Soren said. He glanced at her a couple of times, looking like he was trying to figure her out.
Maybe he thinks I’m strange, Ailia thought. “I’m just not feeling well. My leg hurts, my head hurts—” she said, trying to explain why she was acting strange.
“The tonic will help you feel better soon,” Soren said.
Ailia kept sipping the bitter brew until it was all gone. It felt good in her stomach and warmed her aching body, though it did nothing to calm her nerves. She needed to find a way to get home—fast. “So, are you from Bergendal or thereabouts?” she asked, hoping maybe she could travel with him home.
“No, I am actually from Trollsoe originally, but I have not lived there for quite some time. It is about a week’s journey by horse, toward the south-west, bordering on the ocean,” Soren said. He paused before he added, “Now, I mainly travel to different cities and stay for a few weeks until my help is needed elsewhere. What about you?”
“I’m from Bergendal. My parents died of the smallpox before I can remember and my Aunt Unni and Uncle Brander raised me as their own.”
Soren looked at her again, as if he thought there was something strange about her.
Why does he keep looking at me like that? Ailia thought. She’d had enough of people treating her unkind. “They’re not actually related to me, but I call them aunt and uncle anyway.”
“Sorry to hear about your parents,” Soren said. “I have lost loved ones in the past. I know how painful it can be.” His face went stoic.
That melted Ailia’s heart. Maybe he was just wanting to help her, not judge her. “I don’t remember my birth parents at all,” Ailia said. “ I wish I would have known them. I wish I could remember my mother’s voice, or that I even had something from them, a letter, an item of clothing, something to prove that they existed.” Ailia wasn’t sure if the drink was starting to work and that is why she felt she could be so open with Soren, or if he was indeed a kindred soul. 
“So you remember the old Bergendal before the eternal winter began?” Soren said.
The eternal winter, isn’t that a prophecy? It sounded like it was. Ailia knew she had heard about it from somewhere, but where? “I suppose. I don’t know any other Bergendal than the normal one I grew up in,” she said. “Is it different?” Now, she started worrying whether her aunt and uncle were all right. They could have been taken by the Vik people, or could be—She didn’t want to think about what bad things could have happened to them.
“Bergendal is not too different, but in worse condition than before.” Soren took off his gloves and used some snow to rinse out the pot he had made the brew in. 
Ailia saw that he wore a gold serpent wedding band on his ring finger. Married. She thought it was strange he hadn’t mentioned his wife or family yet. After a little while the brew was starting to make her feel really drowsy and she couldn’t resist yawning. 
“Well, do not let me keep you up,” Soren said. “We had better get some sleep before dawn. We have a long journey ahead of us and it is easier to travel during daylight. It will take us two to three days to get back to Bergendal.” 
Ailia assumed that was an invitation for him to help her get back home. “Oh, all right,” she said and yawned again.
Soren grabbed a wooden bucket and threw some melted snow on the fire to put it out. The steam rose to the heavens as the fire made a crackling hissing sound before it finally settled into an orangey glow. He plopped down on the opposite side of the fire pit in a makeshift bed that he had prepared for himself. 
Ailia could see that he had given her all the warmer furs as he pulled the thin, overused reindeer fur over his body. Looking at him, she couldn’t help but notice how attractive he looked in the light of the fire. There was something different about Soren, something she could not pinpoint, but something so wonderful.
Their eyes met for a brief moment and Ailia quickly looked away, slightly self-conscious and uneasy about the sudden attraction she felt toward him. Something was familiar about Soren. Where do I know him from? “Good night,” she said, lying down and pulling the furs over her body.
“Good night,” Soren responded. “If you need anything, please do not hesitate to wake me. I am a light sleeper.”
“Thank you,” Ailia said with a nod. “For all you have done. Oh and I was just wondering—” Ailia said. “You mentioned the name Lucia right when you saw me?”
“Yes, my mistake. I thought at first you were someone else.” He nodded, turned around and laid his head on the thin linen blanket. 
“Good night then,” Ailia said and closed her heavy eyelids. 



9

Friend or Foe

Ailia fell fast asleep. In her dream she found herself alone on a high mountaintop dressed in a simple, white, long-sleeved robe she had seen other youth wear at their baptism and confirmation. Heavy snow fell from the sky and the winter wind was so strong that it pushed her body off balance as she walked forward into a white abyss. Looking forward, she saw the silhouette of another taller mountain lingering in the distance. 
Then, just as quickly as it had started, the snow stopped and the burning yellow sun revealed itself in the suddenly blue sky. As she felt the sun’s warm and soothing rays on her face, Ailia closed her eyes to enjoy a rare moment, soaking in the life-giver’s glorious rays. She breathed deeply as if to fill her body with its healing virtue, not understanding how she could have ever forgotten how pleasurable its heat felt on her skin and on her hair. It feels like paradise. Then, in the near distance, she heard a man’s voice calling her name.
“Ailia!” he beckoned.
She opened her eyes and looked around. To her surprise, all the snow on the ground and mountains had vanished. Golden rays from the sun smothered the regal mountains as the bottomless deep blue waters from the old, wise ocean flowed between them. How could she have neglected to remember how breathtakingly sublime summer was and how exquisite nature was all around her?  
The mountainsides were covered with resplendent green fern trees and the water lay resting still, mirroring the breathtakingly beautiful scenery above. Anemone Hepatica flowers covered the aspen forest grounds to her left. These delicate blue flowers only blossomed in Bergendal during late springtime and were Ailia’s favorite flower. She hadn’t seen them in forever, it seemed. Down by the lake, Ailia saw her Uncle Brander and Aunt Unni and also the town’s Bishop, Peter, standing by a Stave Church. They were all looking in her direction, smiling at her. 
Brander summoned her again. “Ailia!” he called. “Here!” He waved his hand to come join them.
Ailia was excited to see them. She waved back and started running down to the fjord. As she felt the cool grass beneath her bare feet, a child-like laugh spontaneously escaped her lips. She smiled and for a moment, she felt like a carefree child again. 
The palisade dark mahogany church was situated to the right of the fjord. It had five tiers of dark-brown, double-sharply sloped roofs, shell-like exterior shingles and intricate carvings of dragons and Christian images and symbols. Ailia remembered that Aunt Unni had become increasingly interested in the new religion. Ailia had wanted to join the Christian faith with Aunt Unni because she liked how merciful and loving their god was.
Aunt Unni had spoken to Ailia, saying that if she wanted to join the Christian faith, she’d have to be baptized and receive her confirmation. 
Ailia slowed down as she neared her family and Bishop Peter. As soon as she reached them, Ailia embraced Aunt Unni and then Uncle Brander, who were both beaming with joy.
“We have missed you so, Ailia,” Uncle Brander said, tears streaming down his normally jovial face.
Ailia didn’t know how long she had been away and had forgotten that she was dreaming—the dream seemed so real.
“Today is your day to be baptized and confirmed,” Uncle Brander said. He lifted his hand toward Bishop Peter. 
“Today, you will be baptized and confirmed a member of the Christian faith. By so doing, you will swear to follow Christ and all His teachings. You will swear to live a life of service and virtue and always remember Him,” Bishop Peter preached.	
    	Ailia looked at Uncle Brander and he nodded. Ailia looked back at Bishop Peter and nodded, yes.
“Then, to prove your commitment to Christ, enter these waters today and be baptized in His holy name,” Bishop Peter said, extending an inviting arm.
Ailia took Bishop Peter’s arm and together, they entered the cool, clear waters. They went out until the water reached Ailia’s waistline. 
Bishop Peter raised his right hand. “Do you freely confess that you are a sinner?  Do you place your trust in Christ as your Savior and repent of all your sins?” he asked Ailia, his voice a supplication. 
“Yes.” Ailia nodded.
 “In accordance to our Lord’s teachings and by His command, I baptize you, my Christian sister, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.”
 “Amen.” Ailia inhaled and held her breath before she was submerged. 
Bishop Peter then placed his other hand around her waist and pushed her under the water. 
Ailia’s feet lifted off the bottom of the ocean. She felt the cool, cleansing water enclose her body, leaving her feeling buoyant and unrestricted from the forces of gravity. As she went to place her feet on the bottom of the ocean to come back up again, she could not get a good foothold. Bishop Peter’s hands were no longer around her waist. They had disappeared along with him. 
Then, she started to kick her feet to come to the surface. The water grew colder and colder every second and Ailia opened her eyes to see how far she was from the surface. It was dark now and difficult to see. Being far away from the surface, she started swimming upwards toward the sun, whose rays had dimmed. As she drew close to the surface, she saw that ice had started to form on top of the water. But as she was about to reach the surface, the ice had completely covered the entire fjord, leaving her trapped and not able to break through. Ailia started to panic and hit the thick ice with her fists as hard as she could. Now, she could feel that the air was running out of her lungs and her sense of panic increased. Just then, she saw Eiess standing on the ice above her. What is she doing here? Eiess looked down on Ailia triumphantly, not saying a word. Ailia pounded the ice with her now bleeding fists, but it was useless. She could no longer hold her breath and went to inhale the water.
Just then, Ailia woke up with a scream. She gasped for air and yelled out.
Soren woke up from her scream and was quickly by her side. “What is wrong?” he asked, his eye scanning her face. 
Ailia covered her face with her hands and exhaled loudly. “It was just a dream. I’m sorry I woke you,” she said, dropping her hands into her lap. “It just seemed so real. I don’t want to talk about it,” she finally said. A new mare dream to worry about.
“That is fine. You do not have to tell me if you do not want to,” Soren said. 
Soren looked at Ailia and his gentle gaze had a calming effect on her. She decided to tell him about her dream anyway, even though she feared that he might react negatively to it like her former friends had. “I have these—recurring mare dreams about an evil Empress,” she started. “I don’t even know if she exists, but if I did ever meet her, I’m sure I would feel just as terrified as I do in my dreams. I actually started dreaming about her years ago. Her name is Eiess,” Ailia said.
Soren’s eyes flinched. “Ah, I see,” Soren said.
Ailia braced for a lecture, or for him to tell her she was possessed or cursed, or for him to start ignoring her. That is how all her friends had reacted when she had shared her dream with them. Aunt Unni was really the only one who had listened to her dreams without judgment.
“She does indeed exist and she is as terrifying as she is rumored to be,” Soren said.
Ailia’s heart overlooked a beat. “What?” she said. “She exists and you know of her?” She felt relieved that she was not crazy after all. But then she felt terrified that Eiess actually existed.
Soren nodded. “She is the one who usurped the Northlandic Throne about four months ago and instigated the eternal winter,” Soren said. “She is as real and as evil as they come.”
Ailia couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Now her mare dreams took on a whole new dimension. If she hadn’t been terrified before, she definitely was now. “So, you’ve met her?” Ailia tried not to sound too shocked about this information, but her mouth had become so dry, she was hardly able to get a word out. 
“Yes, on several occasions,” Soren said.
“How did you meet her?” Ailia continued as she sat up a little straighter, her appetite whetted with curiosity. She had finally met someone who could help her make sense of her dreams and excitement grabbed hold of her.	
 	“You should get some sleep. You need rest so your leg can heal,” Soren said, looking concerned for Ailia.
She wasn’t having it. She’d waited years for an explanation to her mare dreams. “I’m wide awake; I couldn’t sleep even if my life depended on it,” Ailia said. Then she realized that her life actually might depend on her getting enough rest. “Well, you know what I mean,” she added flippantly. 
“All right,” Soren said. He got some fresh branches and firewood and started a new fire next to the other watered-down one. “Well, the first time I met Eiess was when I was a young boy, nine, maybe ten years old. I was living in Trollsoe at the time with my parents and three brothers. Eiess was riding in her sleigh with another woman, a young woman who looked absolutely petrified. I remember it so vividly, because I was struck by Eiess’s beauty. I had heard about her from my parents, but I did not really understand who she was until much later. In my young mind, I had envisioned Eiess to look absolutely terrifying. When her sleigh passed through my village, I recall being impressed by how enormous it was. Her light green eyes pierced right through me, as she slowly sleighed by and she smiled at me,” Soren said. 
Ailia could see by his facial expression that he was envisioning the moment clearly and she knew exactly what he meant by her piercing green eyes. 
Then he continued pensively. “It was not a normal, happy smile, but a smile that looked as if she knew what great evil was going to happen to me in the future, like she had planned to destroy my future somehow. I wonder if she knew then exactly who I was and what wicked vices she would curse me with.”
Who is Soren really? Ailia wanted to know.
“She never was one to look after the well-being of another.” Soren stopped and looked at Ailia directly. “We never spoke that day, but her glare left a lasting and chilling impression on my soul, an impression that terrified me even more than any threatening beast or demon could have.”
Ailia felt gripped by his experience and she was strongly drawn to learn more about the Empress. “She sounds so—mystical,” Ailia said for a lack of better words. “You said that that was the first time you saw her?” 
“The second time I met Eiess was years later. My wife, Lucia, and I had just moved into our first home in Trollsoe and we had been married the first time for almost two years.”
Wasn’t that the name he mentioned when he saw me? “The first time?” Ailia asked, thinking that was strange.
“I will explain later,” he said. “Lucia was from Trollsoe and another Sentinor had told Lucia’s mother and father, before she was born, that another baby, a boy, would also be born in Trollsoe and that we were separated Spiritus Amor. That boy was me.”
“Spirit Am—?” Ailia asked confused. “Iluxia?” She didn’t want to let Soren know she had dreamt of Iluxia also, since she didn’t know whether or not to trust Soren completely yet.
“Spiritus Amor,” he corrected gently. “When our souls were formed in the immaterial realm, we were created together, as soul mates, if you may, but two separate individuals to perfectly fulfill each other’s incompleteness.”
“How do you know that?” Ailia asked. She regretted asking the question immediately, afraid he wouldn’t share more if she became too skeptical. “I mean, I cannot fathom how anyone would be able to remember the pre-mortal sphere, if there even actually is one,” she said. “I’m not saying I don’t believe you though.” He seems too sincere to be just making this up.
“Well, I do not exactly remember it, but Iluxia has told me about it.”
 “Who is Iluxia?” Ailia asked. “Isn’t he just a myth?”
“Iluxia is the leader of the lightelves. He lives in Alvheim. He is one of Midgard’s four protecting Sentinors, who covenanted at the beginning of the Midgard’s creation to protect humanity. He also helps change the seasons with the Sun Queen and the Aesira Jewel.”
“I thought the Aesira Jewel was just a myth too,” Ailia said. 
“No. The Aesira Jewel was created by Iluxia and it has been passed down through the generations of Sun Queens since the beginning of Midgard’s existence. Iluxia captured seven thousand years of the sun’s rays and soldered it into an eternal jewel called the Aesira Jewel. The jewel was created for one purpose and that was to keep the balance of Midgard’s seasons, so humanity could survive. To release the Aesira Jewel’s powers, the jewel’s key and the jewel needed to be used by Iluxia and the Sun Queen of the Aesira bloodline.”
“Where is the Aesira Jewel now?” Ailia asked, thinking, of course he’s not going to tell me.
“We are not sure. It has been missing since Eiess took over the throne. Usually, the Jewel has been kept hidden by the Sun Queen, so that no one can misuse its powers.”
“So, why are you telling me about all this? Maybe I’ll try to steal the Jewel—and how do you know about the jewel anyway?” Ailia asked suspiciously, her hands hitting her hips.
“Maybe I will tell you some other time,” Soren said in a teasing tone.
Ailia squinted her eyes.
Soren paused and looked at Ailia as if he had just realized something.
“What?” she asked inquisitively, feeling self-conscious from the way he studied her face.
“I think the reason I feel I can be so open with you, is that you remind me of someone I used to know.” His intense blue eyes studied her face. He shook his head and huffed.
“What?” Ailia endured. There was a long pause. Finally Ailia retorted, “Well, actually, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.” 
He looked at her and they both smiled at their newly created inside joke. “So, the same year we moved into our new home—was the same year that Eiess destroyed the entire town of Trollsoe, letting her Surtorians rage through the streets and scorch the city unrecognizable.” He paused. 
Ailia thought about her dream and how similar it sounded to his story. Should I tell him? Suddenly Ailia could see a noticeable change in Soren’s countenance. His breathing became even shallower and his eyes looked down and it looked like he brewed with despondency. 
“Lucia and I had discovered Eiess living in the Black Glaciers at the time and had started planning our attack. Lucia, being the Great Sentinor, created and destined to destroy Eiess, became a serious threat to the Empress and the Empress quickly came up with a plan to kill Lucia,” Soren said.
Ailia had heard about the Great Sentinor when she was a child, but she didn’t really believe that the stories she had heard about her were actually true. “You mean the Great Sentinor is actually a real person?” she asked. This is a lot to take in.
“Yes.”
“So she really, truly exists?” she asked again to make sure she heard him right. 
Soren laughed. “Yes.”
“Are you a—Sentinor?”
Soren paused and looked away. “Yes,” he finally said. “One of the original four.”
A Sentinor. She felt honored to be in his presence. “What happened to your wife?” Ailia asked concerned. 
“Eiess cold-bloodedly murdered her,” he said. “The Empress was determined to destroy Lucia, so Eiess devised a plan to kill her while I was away on one of my trips. Eiess followed Lucia and her friends one day when they went out for an afternoon walk. Lucia liked to go down by the fjord and read and write poetry with them. Eiess captured them all and drowned them one by one, forcing Lucia to watch each of her friends die. She saved Lucia until the end and took her out on a boat into Trollsoe Fjord. When she had reached far out into the fjord, she threw Lucia in the water with a weight tied around her ankles. When Lucia hit the bottom of the fjord, she was able to undo the knot on the weight and began to swim to the surface. Right before she reached the surface, Eiess froze the fjord over, so Lucia became trapped under the ice. She drowned,” he said and paused. 
Ailia froze and she felt all the blood leave her face. 
“You do not look too well. I hope I have not frightened you with my story,” Soren said.
“No, I, uh—I just—My mare dream last night and my other mare dream was about what you just described,” she said disturbed. “Except—I was the one—who was underneath the ice.”
“You mean your dream last night was about the exact thing I am telling you right now?” Soren’s eyes popped open.
“Well, not exactly. There were other things that happened. I was to be baptized into the Christian church, but at the end, before I arose from baptism, I was trapped underneath the water, underneath all the ice the Empress had created and she was looking down on me,” Ailia said distressed, remembering her dream.
“Oh,” Soren said, looking surprised and without an initial response. He then gazed into the fire for a long while. “Eiess has this bizarre ability to go into people’s dreams and pull out information, truths if you will, from their thoughts, or even to give people information she wants them to know. You said you never met her, right?”
“No, never.” Ailia shook her head. “I didn’t even know she actually existed until just now.”
“Well, she certainly knows about you!” Soren nearly yelled. 
Ailia looked at him in disbelief. 
“She must know something important about you or want something from you. It is vital we find out what that is before she gets hold of you.”
“Gets hold of me? You mean she’ll come after me?” Ailia asked, frightened at the thought of having such a one pursue her.
“Most likely—if what you are telling me about your dream is true,” Soren said.
“Well, I’ll just run away then,” Ailia blurted out, throwing her arms up. Her heart had begun to race and she felt anxiety start to grow stronger. Though Ailia didn’t know much about the Empress, she knew one thing for certain: she was no match for Eiess. 
“I do not want to alarm you, but Eiess will find you no matter how far you run away. She has thousands of Surtorians roaming every dark corner in Midgard. She has had thousands of years to build her legions and if she sets her mind on doing something, she will get it done. There is no winning when one competes with Eiess. The only person who can do that is the Great Sentinor,” Soren said. “Even she has failed and lost her life twice already.”
“I don’t want to have any part of this. I just want to go home and live my life like I have before,” Ailia said perturbed, the knot in her stomach tightening by the second.
“Then she will surely find you,” Soren spoke softly. He looked Ailia sincerely in the eyes and touched her arm.
She felt a wave of energy go through her body at his touch. Had he felt it too?
“If you let me, I would like to help you solve this enigma. It has been my life’s mission to conquer the Empress and I think it would be very interesting to learn why there is a link between you and her.” He waited for her answer.
Ailia didn’t like that there was a link. “Why do I have to deal with this? I’m a nobody. My parents died when I was young and I have no wealth, no influence and no connections. I don’t even have any real friends!  This is just—oh—just wrong!” She stood up and limped back and forth. Finally after fretting for a few minutes, she calmed down and settled into standing on her left, non-injured leg. “Why?” she exhaled. She couldn’t help from crossing her arms. “I’m a nobody,” she said again.
“Well, the Empress must know something about you that you do not know,” Soren reiterated. “That something is what we need to uncover.”
Ailia thought for a moment, but she couldn’t come up with anything intelligent to say about the subject. “Well, what do we do?” she said, feeling defeated.
“I will help you get home to your family in Bergendal and you should let your leg heal before we decide to do anything. Maybe your family has some insight into this puzzle and of your disappearance,” Soren said. 
Ailia nodded her head in agreement, even though she knew she wanted no part of this.
“Just remember: you are not alone. There are many, many others who would like for nothing more than to see the Empress dead and gone.”
“All right,” she said, slightly more calm. “You must promise to help me. I cannot do this alone.” 
“I promise,” Soren said.
The sun had begun to reveal itself from beyond the horizon. Soren rolled up the furs, while he had Ailia sit on the upside down turned pot. Placing his thumb and index finger inside his mouth, he whistled loudly. 
A large black horse came running from the woods. The horse’s silky mane waived in the wind and its hooves hammered the ground in a perfect rhythm, kicking up the snow behind him, as he gracefully trotted in their direction. 
The horse stopped right by them and Soren firmly grabbed him by the reigns, stroking him briskly on the neck. The horse neighed in acceptance, as his warm breath turned to curly smoke circles in the chill air. 
“This is Volomite, my trusted companion,” Soren said.
“Glad to meet you, Volomite,” Ailia said, feeling he needed a proper salutation and curtsied. 
“I will have you ride him, but we will want to move slowly to not agitate your wound.” Soren secured a brown, worn saddle and attached his pots, bags and furs on it. “That should do it,” he said. “May I help you get up?” He gestured with his hands for her to mount Volomite. 
Ailia limped closer to Soren and let him put his hands around her waist. She reached for his shoulders and placed her hands securely on top of them. She could feel his warm breath on her face and the warmth from his body. Standing this close to him, she could see that his two, maybe three-day beard had traces of gray in it. Ailia thought he seemed too young to have any gray. Underneath his over-coat, she could feel his strong shoulder muscles. She blushed, thinking it had been a long time since she had been this close to a man, at least as far as she could remember. A feeling of longing overcame her and she felt herself drawn to Soren and wanted to stay in his arms for a little longer. 
“Ready?” he asked.
“Yes,” Ailia replied and looked up into his bottomless, blue eyes. There was something so familiar about him and it drove her crazy that she couldn’t figure it out. 
Soren hoisted her up like she weighed nothing. “I am going to walk with Volomite the first while, until we get out of these wretched glaciers. He does not do too well traveling on the slick ice,” he said.
Volomite neighed as if in appreciation. 
“How is your leg feeling?” Soren asked, looking up at her.
Ailia’s leg had started hurting again, but she decided to not complain about the pain. “Just fine,” she said.
“Here,” Soren said, handing her some type of dark colored bread. “Eat this. It will help with the hunger and the pain.” 
Ailia had not noticed how hungry she was until now. She gratefully accepted the food and started eating. 
“Let us just hope we do not run into any brigands. That will be the death of us,” Soren said as he began walking.
Ailia clenched the handkerchief in her pocket and considered throwing it out without him noticing. I do not want him thinking that I am associated with brigands or the Vik people.



10

The King’s Sacrifice

Many men have died here. 
Lucia did not keep track of how long she had been imprisoned in the southwestern tower, but she knew it had been more than three months—maybe even four. She was in and out of consciousness and had developed a persistent cough and her body vacillated between freezing and profuse bouts of sweating. 
Every few days a Surtorian would come in and beat her in some way. Today, it had been more painful than usual. Lucia scanned her fingers across her pained forehead, exploring the sore parts. “Ouch,” she said when her fingers reached the large, bruised area close to her hairline. She pulled her hand away and saw that it was covered in blood. As she wiped it onto the floor, she looked around the ghostly room and saw her fur overcoat lying on the floor in a bundle in the corner. She stood up slowly, walked over to it, picked it up and wrapped herself in it. It had not held up well and it was now so dirty that it was hard to believe it had ever been white. There was a small barred opening for a window in the thick stone walls. Attached to it were poorly constructed, grayed, wood shutters that were wide open. She walked over and shut them to keep the cold and unyielding wind out. There was no bed in the room for her to sleep or rest on, only dried golden straw scattered on the floor and in the corners. The room smelled of urine, straw and old fabric.
Her father’s worried face flashed before her eyes. I hope he is still alive. That hope was the only thing that had kept her alive since Eiess had imprisoned her. She listened to see if she could hear him, or anyone, but the only thing she heard was the whistling sound the wind made as it came in through the angular cracks in the shutters. 
“Father,” she yelled like she had every day since she had entered this foul prison. “Father, are you here?” She paused and waited, her ear listening at the dense oak door. No sound. No answer. There never had been an answer and lately, she had started to think that there never would be one. A loneliness she had known many times rumbled in her heart. She buried her face in her hands and shrank to the floor with her back toward the door. “Odin, Thor?” she said. “If you are there, show me a sign!” Only more silence responded. 
Twice per day, a guard would fling a tray with some leftover fish or game and moldy, dry bread. She recognized the guard named Ivar, one of her father’s previous guards, and she could not believe that he was now serving her father’s worst enemy. She had tried to speak with him, but he never responded, only shut the door and ignored Lucia’s pleadings. The door opened forcefully and another tray was pushed in.
“Please help me. Where is my father? Do you know anything? Is he alive? Please, I just need to know,” Lucia cried. The door slammed shut and she could hear the guard locking it with his clattering keys. There was a pause and then she heard the guard unlock the door. 
I hope he does not beat me! She frantically moved away from the door and cowered to the corner.
Ivar opened the door and stood in the doorway, covering the entrance with his muscular body. “Your father is alive. He is in the queen’s chamber.” He stepped back and slammed the door shut again. 
“Thank you, thank you,” Lucia said. He is alive! My father is alive! No words had ever sounded sweeter. She waited to hear the keys lock the door again, but nothing happened. It was silent for a moment. Then, she heard Ivar leave, his heavy boots colliding with the stone floor. Did he leave it unlocked on purpose? The steps grew quieter and quieter, until finally they were gone. Lucia felt extremely tired and ill, not to mention beaten, but she forced herself to stand up and walk over to the door. She stood there for a moment to catch her breath. With her ear placed on the door, she listened for any movement or sound. It was completely silent. She carefully opened the door, peeked through the crack and became discouraged when she saw that it was pitch black in the hallway. She listened again. No sound. She slowly opened the door enough so she could squeeze through it and then stepped into the corridor. 
After taking a few steps, she reached the spiral stairwell. The light from the open door behind her was all that she had to go by, which was not much. She did not recall how many steps there were, but she knew she only had to go down one level to get to the main hallway. Slowly, she curved around the cylinder shaped wall with her back against it, her hands feeling their way against the cold, rough surface as she descended the stairs. It looked like the torches had been lit in the hallway as the dim flickering glow painted the walls. 
When she reached the bottom of the stairs she paused and listened again for voices. She heard Eiess and an unfamiliar man conversing in the throne room. Could this really be happening? If she kept herself hidden, she might escape today. The thought excited her and frightened her. But she knew she needed to check on her father first. Lucia decided to head down the hallway and check the queen’s chamber for her father before she attempted to escape the castle. She ran as quickly as she could toward the room, but she had to stop when a coughing attack overtook her aching body. She covered her mouth with the inside of her elbow to muffle the uncontrollably loud coughs but kept moving to make use of her valuable time.
“Halt!” she heard behind her. She glanced behind her and saw another guard, one she did not recognize, charging toward her. Lucia stepped up her pace as she neared the queen’s chamber. Another guard was standing at the door and as she approached him, she could see that it was Ivar. He did not react to her when he saw her, but instead he let her pass by and even held the door open for her to enter the chamber.
“Ivar, grab that girl!” the other guard yelled. 
Ivar stepped forward into the hallway instead of following Lucia into the chamber as she had expected he would. 
She heard Ivar draw his sword behind her and prepared for the worst. He is going to kill me!  
The unknown guard fell to the floor after a loud grunt as Ivar pulled the bloody sword out of his abdomen. 
“Your Majesty,” Ivar said, bowing to Lucia.
Lucia’s body was shaking violently. She had never felt so sick in her whole life.
“There is little time. We must get Lucia out of here now!” Olav said to Ivar. 
Lucia turned around and saw her father sitting by the desk at the window. She started coughing again, her whole body shuddering this time with the convulsions. “Father,” she said in between coughs. “You are alive! Are you ill? You look so pale. Oh, what did they do to you?” She had never been happier to see him.
“You must leave now, Lucia. The Empress will kill you if she finds you here,” King Olav said.
“What about you?” Lucia asked.
“I will be fine. The Empress will not harm me, but you must go.”
Lucia embraced her father where he sat. She wondered why he was not standing up. Was he injured? She had never seen him this vulnerable before, so ill and beaten up. He had always been so strong, so powerful and commanding. His vulnerability touched her. He is just a man after all. To Lucia, her father had always seemed immortal, a man of strength who could overcome anything or anyone. She was not used to seeing him so helpless and lifeless, at the mercy of another being. “No,” she said stubbornly.
“Listen, Ivar will take you part way through the secret escape tunnel underneath that rug there,” Olav said, pointing to the floor. “Eiess does not know it exists. Ivar and I have prepared a bag for you to take. It contains supplies, gold, food and a Bergendal-crested ring,” Olav said, pointing to a bag on the floor. “You will need it when you get out. There is also a change of clothes for you in the bag. You must change into these before you exit the castle. No one will recognize you in them. Ivar has arranged for Nora to meet you at the other end.” 
Lucia immediately felt better when she heard that Nora was still alive and that she would see her soon. 
“She will wait for you outside the exit tonight. You need to go now. Be safe. I will see you again soon,” Olav said.
Lucia hugged her father and tried unsuccessfully to hold back her tears—weeks, no months of accumulated loneliness coming out at once.
“I love you, Lucia, always remember that. And if you do what is right, everything will turn out for the best in the end,” Olav comforted.
He seemed a much gentler man than Lucia remembered. “Promise I will see you soon?” she said, all her hate and anger for him melting away in his embrace.
“Yes, very soon, I promise,” Olav said.
Ivar walked over to the rug and peeled it back, exposing a trap door in the floor. He lifted the square door by a cord and revealed stairs in the floor. 
Lucia never knew that it was there. She was stunned. She ran over and hugged her father again. “I will be so angry with you if you are lying to me,” she said, pounding his chest. They embraced again and she forced herself to walk over to the trap door. She turned around and looked at her father one last time. A feeling of death came over her. It was the same feeling she had felt at her mother’s burial: a lonely feeling of forced surrender and utter helplessness. Despair could not even begin to explain it. “I love you!” She swallowed back new tears that were just waiting to flow and silenced her desperate cry to appear brave in her father’s eyes. 
Ivar descended the stairs and his torch lit the way in the dim tunnel. Lucia turned around and followed Ivar. The smell of mold and putrid earth rose into the room. There were old spider webs, dust and mud covering the stone walls. The stairs only continued partway down until they came to a dirt pathway. It became completely black when Olav closed the trap door behind them. 
Suddenly, yells came from inside the castle. Lucia feared that her father had lied to her to save her life. Is he safe from Eiess? A heaving cry grew in her and could not be contained inside. 
Probably seeing what was happening, Ivar walked over to Lucia and placed his hand over her mouth dampening the cry’s release. 
“Guards!” They heard Eiess yell from the castle. “Guards!” She seemed to scream in frustration when they did not respond immediately. Eiess had clearly found the dead guard in the hallway. Lucia heard heavy, rushed footsteps make their way to the scene and she heard Eiess frantically yell and order them to search the castle, check on the princess and gather a search troop. 
“Do not worry. All will be well,” Ivar said. “You will hide here until it has quieted down, and then you will sneak out the back exit, just a little ways from here. I will not fit in that tight tunnel before the exit, so you will need to go alone after that. Remember, Nora is waiting for you there.” 
Lucia was grateful she had a familiar, strong man accompanying her. 
“You should go change over there,” Ivar said, pointing down the hallway. “I will wait here.” 
It was a welcome distraction. Lucia walked a few steps into the dark and opened her bag. She could make out a few items in the dim light of Ivar’s torch. It looked like there was a small purse containing gold pieces, some food and some clothing and other material. She pulled the clothes out of the bag, set the bag down on the ground and started to change her attire. Her body shivered from both the cold and nerves. The clothes looked like regular men’s peasant clothing, rough and worn, but she could not make out the color in the darkness. Unexpectedly her cough came back and she had to stop changing in order to calm her sick body. When she was finished, she went back over to Ivar. 
“Your father instructed me to remind you that you have been sanctified with a great responsibility to help rid this country of the evils of Eiess. He wrote you this letter and you must read it after you are in a safe place, far from here.” Ivar handed her a sealed scroll addressed to her and then stopped and listened. It sounded like more guards had been recruited and they were probably searching the castle for Lucia. “Come,” he whispered, waving her to follow him down the passageway. 
Lucia followed him as closely as she could, clutching her father’s precious words in her hands. Maybe they will be his last.
Finally, they came to a small opening at the end of the passageway. Ivar waived his torch across the wall as his eyes searched for something. He started brushing off the dirt and the dust and uncovered an inscription on the wall. He mumbled as he read it. Then, he knelt down on the ground and brushed some dirt off of something that looked like an iron gate, or a door of some sort. It appeared to be welded shut. “Hold this,” Ivar said, handing Lucia the torch. He pulled a large key from his satchel and placed the key in the only hole.
It had no resemblance of a keyhole and Lucia would have never thought to place the key there. 
Suddenly, the door elevated out of the ground on its own. When it stopped, Ivar pushed the square iron box to the side and exposed a framed hole in the ground. 
It was dark, but Lucia could feel the cool breeze from the outside entering in. 
“This is the way out. It is a tight, curved squeeze, but you are small. You must enter head first, as the path will later curve horizontally and then straight up like so,” he said, demonstrating with his hands. “There is no room to change directions in the tunnel.”
Lucia felt her face cringing. It sounded daunting.
“Remember, Nora is waiting on the other side. You will need to knock four times like so,” he said and showed her on the stone wall. “She will remove the bushes and open the gate on the other side. Wait until she opens it. Nora will need to make sure the path is clear of any unwanted persons. Knock only four times, no matter how long it takes for her to open. Do you understand?” His eyebrows furrowed.
“Yes,” Lucia said quietly.
“And you must not return into the castle, for Eiess will surely have your head,” he said. “It has been a pleasure serving you, Your Majesty. May the gods watch over and protect you on your journey and until we meet again.”	
 	“Please watch over my father. I cannot bear to lose another loved one,” she implored, even though she almost felt in her heart that he was already dead.	
“I will protect King Olav, even with my own life,” Ivar said. 
Lucia thanked him, took a deep breath and crawled into the dark dirt hole in the ground. There were a lot of small pebbles in the tight passage and Lucia barely fit through the hole. First she traveled straightway down into the ground; deeper and deeper the path of the cavity took her. After minutes of being upside down, with blood uncomfortably rushing to and settling in her head, the path straightened out and became easier to maneuver. Then she saw a dim light in the distance. Welcome and encouraging moonlight peered through the tunnel. 
Lucia finally reached the end of the tunnel and it curved very sharply upwards. She tried to squeeze through the last part, but got stuck. She retreated back into the tunnel and tried another way but got stuck again. Her cough came back and she tried to muffle it as best she could. Finally, she became lodged so tight that she could not move backwards or forwards. I hope I do not miss Nora. She was so tired of crying, but she could not help the tears from coming, realizing she had become immovably wedged just a few feet away from her freedom. 
Mother, please help me! Lucia pleaded. Just then, a small rock loosened and it gave her just enough room to squeeze free. She twisted through the last space and entered a small, cave-like opening, containing the escape iron-barred gate Ivar had described. She saw dead bushes covered in snow in front of the opening. 
Will Nora really be there waiting for me? She knocked four times as loudly as she could. It was hard to make a loud enough sound on the thick iron gate. Lucia hoped that Nora had heard her. She waited and waited. Nothing. Not a sound. Not a movement. She felt another cough attack coming on and buried her mouth in her sleeve to dampen the noise. It lasted longer than usual this time. She reached through the barred gate and picked up some snow, placing it in her mouth and letting it melt on her tongue. The liquid helped with the cough. She patiently anticipated Nora would open for her. Should I knock again? It was going to be a long, cold night if Nora did not come, but she still decided not to knock again. 
Fortunately, her father had enough foresight and had placed a thin wool blanket in the bag to keep her warm in the cold tunnel. She took it out and wrapped her cold body tightly in it. The blanket felt warm compared to how thin it looked. 
To make time go by faster, Lucia emptied the bag her father had given her. The Bergendal crested ring glowed in the moonlight. She tried again to envision her being the Great Sentinor, but all she felt was loneliness and despair. 





11

Journey the Land 

Ailia’s bottom had become sore from sitting on the saddle for so long, but she felt she couldn’t complain since she was sitting and Soren had been walking on the slick ground for hours. 
“I cannot believe how vast the glaciers were,” Ailia said, adjusting in her seat, trying futilely to find a comfortable position. 
“They are not really that vast, but they take a long time to cross because they are so slick,” Soren said, walking faster than before as he held on to the reins. 
They had reached the end of the Blue Glaciers and entered the Northland Forest, but Soren had told Ailia he would keep walking instead of burden his horse with another rider. 
The forest’s evergreen trees stood lifeless, starved and skeleton-like, stripped of their previous majestic grandeur. Freezing wind breezed by, swaying the bare evergreen trees gently from side to side. About an hour ago, the sun had reached its pathetically low peak and was now leaving the dimming sky streaked with bright pink, flaming clouds.
“My Uncle Brander says that the evergreen trees in this forest are enchanted with trolls and fairies,” Ailia said. “I used to come here with him all the time when I was a child.”
“And—” Soren started.
Ailia interrupted him. “I hope you’re not going to tell me that trolls and fairies exist too. If you do, I’ll never believe you,” Ailia said, smiling.
He laughed. “No, trolls are just the human’s way of glorifying giants and dwarves. I was about to say and now the Northland Forest is a ghost of what it used to be,” Soren said. 
“I heard once that the Vik people lived in this forest. Is that true?” Ailia asked. 
“You mean the Vikings?” Soren asked. 
“I suppose—” Ailia said, not familiar with that name. “Is it the same thing?”
“The plunderers from the Vik district have recently been nicknamed Vikings. No one knows exactly where they’ve settled, or even if they have settled, but I highly doubt that they are here,” Soren said. “Not to change the subject, but do you know that most southerners consider all of us northerners Vikings, whether we plunder or not?”
“Huh?” Ailia said. “I suppose the southerners don’t know that some of us northerners don’t condone that type of barbaric behavior.”
“No,” Soren said. “We are all the same to them.”
 “Well, I suppose we view all southerners as overly religious extremists, so we’re not any better,” Ailia said.
Soren laughed. “True.”
Ailia grew serious. “I—think there could be a connection with the Vikings and my disappearance,” she said.
“What makes you think that?”
“Just a hunch,” Ailia said, grabbing hold of the handkerchief and flask in her pocket. She wasn’t sure if she was ready to reveal everything just yet to this stranger.
“Well, you would probably be dead by now if they were involved,” Soren said.
“Yes, most likely,” Ailia agreed on the surface, but she was now wondering why she wasn’t dead. Maybe they thought they had killed me but didn’t succeed. 
“You know, actually, now that I think of it, I do remember hearing a story about a young family that was captured and killed close to these woods,” Soren said. “I do not know if it was Viking related, but it could have been.”
“Really?” Ailia said. Is it safe to be traveling here then?  Ailia looked behind her to make sure they weren’t being followed. “So, if they come from the Vik District, why would they have settled around here?” Ailia wondered.
 “I do not have all the information, but I think I heard that a few Bergendalers joined the Vikings in supporting Eiess. However, after they helped Eiess seize the Northlandic Throne, she betrayed them and cast them out of the castle without the promised reward. They tried to re-settle in Bergendal, but they left shortly after because they were ousted by the people of Bergendal for their treachery.”
I had already gone missing by then, Ailia noted. 
“As they left the city, they vowed with one another to destroy Eiess and the people of Bergendal,” Soren finished.
“Where did they go after that?” Ailia asked. Each moment she grew more and more fearful that the Vikings might be lurking close by.
“That is what no one knows,” Soren said.
“Oh, so they could be here?” Ailia asked, lowering her voice a bit.
Soren looked up at her sitting on Volomite and smiled. “You do not need to worry, you know. It will not make anything better. I will protect you. I guess some girls just need a little extra protecting,” he said playfully.
Ailia took off her wool mitten and threw it at him.
He ducked as the mitten just missed his head.
She took off her second mitten and tried to hit him again, but missed.
“Be careful, Miss Ailia, or your hands will be very cold by the end of this trip.” Soren laughed. 
Ailia looked for something else to throw at him, but stopped looking when Soren handed her mittens back. 
“I think we should break here before we continue,” Soren said. “I am starving. How about you?”
“Sounds good,” Ailia said relieved. His playfulness had helped her lose her nervousness a bit. Did he intend that?
“Now, should I leave you up there indefinitely as payback for trying to hit me with your mittens?” he said, his face looking dead serious.
Ailia smiled guiltily. Did I take it too far?
Soren lifted the fur off from the horse, opened it and laid it on the ground. He then walked over to the right side of Volomite and raised his hands to help Ailia down. 
“You don’t hold grudges very long, do you?” Ailia said.
He smiled and shook his head. “Too much to carry.”
She reached down and grabbed hold of his shoulders as his hands wrapped around her waist. 
Soren set her down on the snow very gently. “My lady,” he said.
Their eyes connected for a moment and Ailia had to catch her breath when her heart fluttered. His eyes seemed to exude compassion and wisdom beyond a human’s capacity. If what he had been telling her was true, it would make sense that she felt this way around him: a half mortal, half god-like being. She still couldn’t help but think that she knew him from somewhere. He almost seemed to be a part of her in some way. Maybe I’ve met him before, but I just don’t remember?
“Here, let me help you sit down on the fur.” He reached one arm around her waist. 
Ailia placed her arm around his shoulder for additional support and they both walked over to the fur that was laid down on the snow. She sat down and tightened her coat closer to her body to stay warm. 
“Drink this,” he said, giving her a wooden bowl filled with liquid. 
The drink was cold, but it was the same one he had given her earlier. It tasted much bitterer this time. 
Soren started a small fire. “I have some more healing herbs for you, but I need to go find one last ingredient, so I can prepare them. Volomite will stay here to keep you company. I will not be long,” he said. “Maybe I will even get lucky and find something else to eat, too.” He snagged his bow and quiver filled with arrows. 
Ailia tried not to think about the Vikings, but she couldn’t help from glancing around.
 “I will be right back. Do not worry. No one is around,” Soren said, walking toward the deeper part of the forest.
Ailia watched Soren walk off into the blackness. Even the way he moved seemed so recognizable, slightly springy in his gait, with confidence in each step. The further away Soren got, the more Ailia appreciated having Volomite close. “I’m glad you’re here,” she said, looking up at him. 
Volomite neighed happily, flicking his long, black tail. 
Ailia listened for any sounds in the forest, but it was completely still, except for a few raven squawks and the soft rush of the wind. She lay down and gazed up into the dark, starlit sky. Radiant, colorful Auroras lit up the heavens with a beautiful dance. She remembered a conversation she had had with her Uncle Brander several years back when she was just eight.
“The Auroras are known as the dancers of the spirits and they connect past generations to current generations to future generations with their light display,” Uncle Brander had said.
 “Well, why are they different colors then?” Ailia had asked.
“The reddish colored Auroras are spirits that have not yet been born and the green and bluish Auroras are spirits that have passed away. When someone dies, a part of their spirit is caught up into the heavens and is transformed into light. It’s the only way for us to see that our loved ones are still with us. So anyone who hopes for a child, or has lost a beloved, can look up into the skies and the Auroras will remind them that the spirit is eternal.”
 The light spectacle soothed Ailia’s fears and she felt at ease in the night. She thought about her birth parents and she wished she could remember them, their faces, their voices and their loving embraces. If only I had one single item from them, a word, or something I could know them by, she wished. She closed her eyes and imagined what they looked like. Gradually, she fell asleep under the stars.
Ailia woke up and saw that the fire had started to grow dim. Where’s Soren? He had been gone longer than she thought he would. Suddenly, she heard rapid footsteps behind her and turned around. Nothing was there, except for the gaping vacuum of a dark abyss. “Soren?” She kept her voice low, so not to attract any attention if there was someone out there. Her breathing grew shallow as she heard the footsteps behind her again, more prominent this time. She cringed and wanted to stand up and run away. Maybe the wolves have returned to finalize their kill?  
Volomite started whinnying fearfully and reared, floundering his front hooves into the air. Ailia stood up and hopped over to him on one leg. She grabbed his mane and pressed herself close up to him to calm him and her both. Panic grabbed hold of her body, escalating her heart rate to twice its normal pace. Where were the footsteps coming from? Is another mare demon visiting me?
The footsteps slowed and finally stopped. Ailia closed her eyes and squeezed herself closer to Volomite’s large body, realizing he was currently her only safeguard against danger. Volomite calmed down and stepped forward, lowering his head as if to greet someone. 
It must be Soren, Ailia thought. “Soren?” she said, cautiously peeking around Volomite’s chest. 
There stood two little boys around two and three years of age, dressed in winter overcoats and fur hats and mittens, their boots caked in snow. They looked at Ailia and seemed to be lost. Ailia remembered the young family that had been killed by the Vikings. I hope these aren’t their spirits still wandering these forests. She quickly pulled her head back behind Volomite and closed her eyes to make sure she was not dreaming. Slowly opening her eyes, she took a deep breath and peeked around Volomite’s massive body again. 
The boys were crying and whimpering now, rubbing their moist eyes. 
Ailia stepped out from behind the horse. “It’s all right; don’t cry. What’s the matter?”
They stopped crying and looked up at Ailia with doleful, puffy eyes. “Mamma,” the older one sobbed, pointing randomly into the air. The younger boy stepped closer to Ailia and raised his hands toward her, as if he wanted to be picked up. Ailia instinctively reached for him and lifted him up. She had to put her weight on her injured leg and felt an intense shooting pain, immediately putting the boy down again. She wobbled over to the cushy fur blanket and sat down, smiling and waving for the children to join her. 
The two babes rushed over, both jumping onto her lap, competing for affection and space.
“Where’s your Mamma?” Ailia asked. 
“Mamma gone,” the older one said. 
Ailia looked around again, but she didn’t see anyone. “You can stay with me until we find her again,” she said, hugging their fidgety, cold bodies. 
The older boy started to fuss and the younger one followed his example.
“Let me sing you a song,” Ailia said. She chose her favorite lullaby.

Sleep now my child, your mamma is here
To hold you so tight and erase all your fears
The kettle is full of porridge for you
Your father is coming and he loves you too.

Sleep now my child, rest your sweet head
On this silk pillow that is in your bed
Watch all the stars in the heav’n so bright
Sleep till you wake to the morning light.

Sleep now my child, your future is set
You will have all the riches a young prince can get
Peace in your soul, love in your core,
Faith in each step from shore to shore.

Sleep now my child, the sun will soon rise
The Lord has secured all family ties
Forever you will be in my heart and my mind
My love is eternal, His love is Divine.

Sleep now my child, do not worry at all
Your needs will be met, no matter how small,
 one day you will grow and not want to stay
Just follow your dreams and you will find your way.

The boys settled down serenely and looked up at Ailia with endearing eyes. 
“I hungry,” the younger boy said. 
Ailia remembered where Soren kept his bread. She stood up and told the boys to stay put. “I have some food for you,” she said, limping over to Volomite, looking inside the leather bag. She found the bread and turned around. 
Ailia was startled to find Soren standing right in front of her. 
“Heavens, you scared me!” she said, hitting his arm.
“Was that you singing?” he asked. “It sounded lovely. Look what I found!” he said proudly, holding up two lifeless snow-white hares by their hind legs.
“Uh, yes, you must have heard me,” she said embarrassed, as she tried to look around him for the children. “The children were—hungry, so I wanted to—give them some bread,” she said, trying to get Soren out of the way. “These sweet boys just appeared out of nowhere and were crying.” She tried to peek around him again. Finally, she walked around him to get to the boys, but to her surprise, they were not there. “Where did the boys go? They were just here!” She limped over to the other side of Volomite and looked for them there. “We’ve got to find them. They were lost and looking for their mother and—Didn’t you see them?” she asked.
“I heard you singing, but I did not see any boys here when I arrived,” Soren said, looking bewildered.
“They were just here. They sat on my lap and said their Mamma was gone and that they were hungry. You must have scared them off! We need to find them. They cannot be out here all by themselves!” Ailia was becoming anxious and she always started rambling when she was nervous. “It would be inhumane to leave them in the forest alone.” Ailia hobbled into the forest, looking for them and Soren followed. They searched the area for some time, but they could not locate the children.
The pressure on Ailia’s injured leg became too much and she sat down in the snow as her eyes kept scanning the forest for the lost boys.
“Shh—” Soren warned unexpectedly. 
Ailia looked at him and listened. They heard men’s voices in the distance and saw torches flickering through the shadowy forest trees. 
Soren signaled to her to be quiet, placing his index finger over his lips. “Shh,” he said, this time very quietly but more severe. He slowly crouched down to the ground. 
“I think they are Vikings,” he mouthed to her. 
Ailia looked at Soren, her eyes widening, as terror filled her core.
The voices and torches were coming closer, but there was no place to hide. Soren signaled to Ailia to follow him. They crawled in the snow, worming themselves toward a hopefully safe shelter from the barbarians. Soren laid down on his right side behind a not nearly large enough rock and gestured to Ailia to do the same. She wiggled over and lay in front of him facing outward. Then, his arms wrapped around her, as he spooned her.
Ailia felt his body heat burning against hers. His rough chin rubbed against her virgin soft cheek and his warm breath felt like a soft feather against her cold skin. It surprised her that her body responded so favorably to his and that she longed to be even closer to him than she was now. Their heartbeats conformed to each other as they lay wait for the Vikings to either pass by or notice them. No danger in the world could make Ailia feel less safe. Not around Soren.
“You must have been mistaken. There’s no one out here,” one of the men said, standing only a dozen feet away from Soren and Ailia. 
“Well, what about these footprints?” the other said.
Ailia cringed. They know we’re here. We’re dead.
“Those are our footprints you idiot. I don’t want to waste my time out here. If Gunnar wants to search for people who don’t exist in the middle of Odin’s freezing night, he can go do it himself.”
“Well, if we find out later that there was someone here, it’ll be your fault that they got away,” the Viking said. 
“Do me a favor and shut your mouth.”
Ailia could hear them continue to argue, as their voices faded away into the distance. 
 “They are gone,” Soren finally said, still whispering and slowly releasing his grip on her. 
“That was close!” Ailia said.
Soren smiled. “We are fine. Even if we had been discovered, I would have been able to take both of them, no problem.”
“ But—they are Vikings,” Ailia said in disbelief. “They kill for a living.”
“I do not know for sure that they were Vikings,” Soren said. “I do not know how to say this without sounding like a completely overconfident fool, but I could have killed twenty Vikings with the greatest of ease had they discovered us.”
Ailia smirked and tried not to laugh at his ‘humility’. She just nodded her head and bit her lip. “Um-hmm—” she said. Is he being truthful or just big-headed?
“What?” he asked.
“Oh, nothing.”
“No, what?” He smiled.
“You are just so— humble,” Ailia said with a twinkle in her eye.
“Hopefully, I will never have to prove it to you,” Soren said.
Ailia sat up and rose to her feet. She could feel that her injured leg had been used too much and the sharp pain had returned. 
“Vikings fly a Raven banner. It is their crest. I did not see one, did you?”
“No,” she said.
“I did not see one earlier either.”
“What do you mean?” Ailia asked.
“I saw them when I went hunting,” Soren said.
“Why didn’t you tell me there were Vikings close by?” Ailia asked disturbed.
“I did not feel the need to tell you because there was no immediate threat,” Soren said.	
	Ailia felt a little irritated that Soren had not told her he had seen them. “I don’t need protecting, you know.”
Soren stared at her intently. “I beg to differ.”
“Well, not usually, just lately.” Ailia met his eyes but looked away quickly, the intensity of his gaze mesmerized her.
“Just since you met me then?” Soren teased.
Ailia huffed. “Let’s just hope they didn’t see our fire and Volomite,” Ailia said, swerving the question. 
Soren let it pass. “Volomite is usually smart enough to stay away from strangers, but if they find the fire, they will know that someone is here and they will come looking for us.” He rubbed his forehead, looking a little worried. 
Ailia had almost forgotten about the children she had seen. “The boys!” 
“I do not want to alarm you further, but are you sure the boys were—uh—real?” Soren asked.
“Of course they were real. They sat on my lap and cried and I comforted them,” she said, almost insulted.
“Were they—alive?” he continued.
“What do you mean?” Ailia asked, perplexed and annoyed.
“There have been sightings of ghosts here in the Northland Forest: sightings of two young boys who were killed by the Vikings.”
“These boys were not ghosts,” Ailia rebuffed. “I held them in my arms.” 
“Were they cold or warm?” Soren persisted.
“Well, they were—well, they were cold, but it is cold out here.” Ailia thought about it for a minute and realized that, yes they were cold, but they also didn’t have any body heat that she could feel when she held them, unlike Soren. When she was pulled close to him, she could definitely feel his body heat. “I saw them and held them,” she said disbelieving. She knew that spirits held no body heat, but she thought for sure that they couldn’t be held or touched.
“I had a friend who also had seen the boys a few weeks ago and they had vanished as quickly as tonight. I am not saying that you did not see them or hold them, but I think that they could be the little boy spirits trapped here in Midgard without a way to go back home to their parents in Valhalla,” Soren said.
Ailia grew silent because she couldn’t make sense of anything. Maybe the medicine Soren had given her had some hallucinogenic effect on her. 
“You look like you are in pain,” Soren observed, taking a step closer to her.
Ailia thought about trying to remain brave and push through the pain.
“I would be happy to help you back to our camp site,” he said, now serious and not teasing, but only seeming genuinely concerned.
“I think I do need help,” she said, realizing her own limitations. She decided not to dwell on the children, but she hoped that they would reappear sooner or later, so she could help them.
Soren swooped Ailia up into his strong arms and their eyes locked for a split second. Ailia thought she saw something that looked like longing, almost like he was searching for something in her gaze. He quickly looked away and carried her all the way back to the campfire. It had burned out completely. While Ailia sat down, Soren gathered some more firewood and rekindled the flames. He skinned the hares, seasoned them and put them to roast on the fire. 
They smelled heavenly and Ailia was starving. She felt useless as she just sat and watched him do all the work. She wasn’t used to sitting and having someone wait on her and more often than not, she had been the one serving others at home. “I’m sorry I’m not much help. It feels strange to me to not be doing anything,” she apologized.
“I do not mind,” Soren said. “It is good for you to get rest, so you can heal.”
“So, may I ask what happened after your wife—?” She didn’t like how harsh the word died sounded and decided not to finish her question. 
 “Well, I arrived home and was told the news. Shortly after, our first son, Bjorn, died of a mysterious infection.” He paused as if to compose himself. “I swore that I would never rest until I avenged my wife’s death and until Eiess was destroyed.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your loss,” Ailia said caringly. It would be the most horrifying thing to lose one’s wife and child.
“It was so long ago now, but it is still painful to think about,” Soren said.
“How could Eiess kill you or your wife? Aren’t you as powerful as the Empress? You are a Sentinor just like her, right?” Ailia said.
“Well, she has had a lot more time to increase her strength here in Midgard. The rules are different here than in Alvheim or Vanaheim, the realm Eiess is from. Eiess became involved with black art magic even before she came to Midgard and she has grown very powerful over millennia now.”
 “Can’t you just kill yourselves and you would be free and together again?” Ailia asked. “Not that I would want you to kill yourself, but I just thought you might be happier if you were with Lucia again.”
“Well, it is not that simple. My wife and me together are the only ones who can defeat the Empress. If we both killed ourselves, we would be leaving Midgard in the hands of Eiess and we covenanted in Alfheim to protect humanity. It is a commitment I am willing to endure all things for.”
“Does she look the same every time?” Ailia was spellbound by his story. She rested her chin in her palm and leaned forward. “Your wife, I mean?”
“Yes and no. She always has hazel eyes and reddish-brown hair. She actually looks like you a little bit,” he added as he studied Ailia’s face.
Ailia blushed and looked down. 
“Do you remember the incident when most young women disappeared in the Northlandic Kingdom about twenty-eight, twenty-nine years ago? Eiess took all women under the age of twenty, probably to be killed.” 
“No, well, I actually hadn’t been born yet,” Ailia responded. “But my aunt and uncle told me about the horrible story. Only a few made it out alive they said. My aunt was over thirty at the time, so she wasn’t taken.”
“The whole story was a lie. Eiess, still an unknown figure to most people in the Northlandic Kingdom at the time, led everyone to believe that it was the Vik People who headed the attack and kidnapped all the young women. But I have reason to believe that it was her. I was on an errand for someone when Eiess sent her Surtorians out to round up all the women.” Soren flipped the hares around to roast on the other side.
“I just don’t understand why she would do something like that,” Ailia said, shaking her head with a furrowed brow. 
“Well, it makes sense if you are as greedy and power hungry as Eiess. Think about it: the prophecy states that the Great Sentinor would defeat her. If Eiess does not know where or who the Great Sentinor is, she will do anything to have her exterminated.” 
“What did she do to the women?” Ailia asked.
“No one know, but they disappeared forever.”
 Ailia thought back to Lucia. “So, has Lucia been re-born many times?”
“This past time was her third time,” Soren said.
“Do you know where she is now? It’s not Princess Lucia, is it?”
Soren nodded. “Eiess has Lucia imprisoned somewhere with her father, King Olav. Nobody knows where Eiess keeps them, or even if they are still alive. I have tried everything in my power to try and break into the castle, but to no avail.”
Ailia could see the pain in his eyes.
“Ironic, is it not? I have waited for three-quarters of a century for her to be born again and she disappears the eve before I was going to formally propose.”
“I’m so sorry to hear,” Ailia said. He’s had a rough life.
Soren gave her a ‘thank you’ look. “I believe Eiess has the Aesira Jewel with Lucia and King Olav in the Northlandic Castle. That is where it was last seen. It makes for a dangerous combination.”
“Can’t Iluxia tell you where Lucia is?” Ailia asked.
“No. He only sees her spirit right before she enters this life and merges with her mortal body—like a light, he told me once.” Soren took the hares off the fire and cut them up. He placed a nice sized portion onto two different wood plates. 
Ailia’s mouth watered, as the scent of fresh meat inundated the air.
“Here you are. I hope this will fill you up,” Soren said, handing it to her.
“Thank you.” Ailia accepted the meat and started eating. It was the best meat she had ever tasted. 
Soren poured her a cup of wine from his wine sack into a wooden bowel. “This may be too strong for you,” he warned as he handed it to her.
Ailia was accustomed to drinking strong mead and wine. She gulped deeply from the bowl, but quickly realized that this drink was much stronger than what she had been raised on. She coughed violently. 
Soren cracked a crooked smile. “Are you all right?” 
“Yes.” She coughed again. “I’m fine,” she said embarrassed, wiping the wine off her face.
“After repast we should be getting on our way again, so we can get out of this forest sooner rather than later,” Soren said.
Ailia’s mouth was full again with another bite of hare meat and she nodded her head in agreement.
“We are lucky the Vikings have not found us yet,” Soren continued. 
“Let’s make sure we keep it that way,” Ailia said strongly. She took another sip of the strong drink, feeling it burn her throat as she swallowed.
Soren smiled. “You surprise me Ailia.” 
“What do you mean?” Did I say something strange?
“Maybe I will tell you someday.” Soren took another bite of his meal.
“Would you stop saying that? No time like the present.” She raised her eyebrow and wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“Well, you remind me a little bit of Lucia, my wife. You have a great sense of humor, you are strong, yet surprisingly compassionate and fragile and—”
“What?” Ailia liked hearing what he had to say about her.
“Do not take this the wrong way, but your spirit is so much stronger than I think you realize,” he finished.
Ailia smiled softly. And you are so much more wonderful than any man I have ever met. 
After the meal, Soren packed up the equipment and food and helped Ailia back up on the horse.
“Are you sure you do not want to ride?” Ailia asked, invitingly.
“No,” he said matter of fact. “It is best that I walk.”
Ailia felt slightly rejected.



12

Widow

Soren and Ailia rode in silence for the better part of an hour. 
“It is best to travel quietly and not attract any attention from the Vikings or any other possible lurking danger,” Soren had said before they started their journey again. 
As they neared the Small Mountains, snowflakes started falling from the cloudy, white sky. 
Finally, Soren stopped. His eyes searched the landscape. “It looks like a major snow storm is headed in our direction,” he said. “I think we need to look for shelter and, if weather permits, continue our voyage tomorrow.”
“Well, I’ll welcome a break,” Ailia said.
They rode on for a while and finally came to an old cabin next to a frozen-over lake. Smoke rose from the cabin’s snow-covered roof and Ailia was excited that they could maybe spend a night indoors. She got the distinct feeling that it had been a very long time since she had experienced the comforts of a home.
Soren walked up to the cabin and knocked on the old wood door. Dirty rags had been stuffed into holes in the wood and an ancient, broken rocking chair sat on the halfway-rotted porch. He waited patiently for an answer. 
Finally, a middle-aged woman, dressed in black, cracked the door open and stuck her head through the opening. Her face was etched with deep scars and Ailia immediately wondered what her life’s story was. The woman’s long, troll-like nose sat as the centerpiece of her face and her eyes were energetic and clear. Over her graying hair she wore a black scarf embroidered with gray flowers. She clasped her hands together when she saw Soren. “What do you want?” she asked, her voice raspy and unwelcoming.
“We are travelling to Bergendal and my friend is injured,” Soren said, pointing to Ailia who was still sitting on Volomite’s back. “We need shelter for the night. Do you have room?” 
“You aren’t welcome here,” the woman said and then slammed the door shut. 
Soren knocked again, no answer. He knocked again more fervently and the woman opened the door again. 
“Leave me be; I don’t want visitors,” she snapped impatiently.
“Will this help?” Soren said, holding out a small leather purse. He shook it and it made a clinking sound. He then opened the bag and showed her numerous silver coins. 
The women looked at Soren and then at the leather purse and then back at Soren again. “Why should I let you in?”
“We are in need of shelter from the storm, and are on a very important mission to defeat Eiess.”
The woman’s eyes grew large. Then, she opened the door all the way and stepped aside. “Hurry, come in quickly. Don’t let all the warm air out,” she said, waving them in. “ I don’t want any trouble from you or your girl there,” she said, nodding in Ailia’s direction.
“Thank you, ma’am. We will not be any trouble at all,” Soren said humbly. He walked back over to Ailia, lifted her off Volomite and carried her into the cabin, where he set her on one of the two chairs in the main room. 
“May I put the horse in your—uh—stable?” Soren asked. 
Ailia assumed he meant the rundown shack next to the cabin.
“Yes, please. There is room for only one horse there,” the woman replied. “My horse just recently died,” she said and laughed. 
Ailia couldn’t see how that was funny.
“But, yes, you may put him in there. The stable still has hay and oats inside, so feel free to give him some of that.” 
Soren guided Volomite into the stable and then returned to the cabin. 
The cabin felt so warm compared to the cold outside. It was dark and stuffy and smelled like smoke, old linens and horsemeat stew. In the middle of the floor was the well-lit hearth and, above the hearth, was a hole in the ceiling where the smoke escaped. A pot sat on top of the hearth and Ailia suspected from the odor that the woman had been cooking the stew for a really long time. To decorate the walls, the woman had hung some colorful fabric along with some dried flowers. 
“Your flowers are beautiful,” Ailia said. There was also a small wood table with a burnt orange tablecloth on it and two non-matching wood chairs in the main room. From what Ailia could see, it looked like the second, smaller room was where the woman slept.
“I don’t have very much,” the woman started. “Since my great uncle died, it has been hard. The past few months haven’t been kind to me, or anyone in these parts. Only cold and lonely,” she complained. “I never get any visitors.”
I wonder why, Ailia thought. If anyone else had received the welcome they had, of course no one would be visiting. “We are just so grateful you are willing to let us stay,” she said.
“Yes, thank you for your generosity,” Soren added. “We would be stuck in the snow storm had you not let us in.” 
“Of course,” the woman said dismissingly. “You just have to be careful who you let into your house these days. Vikings, thieves—cannot be careful enough,” she said as she walked over to the table standing next to the window. She closed the shutters, which also had stuffed fabric in between the multitude of cracks. She grabbed three of the four bowls on the table and her ladle. “Horse meat stew?” she asked, holding up her ladle. 
“We would love some,” Soren said. “I have some bread that would taste good with that,” he said, reaching for his bag.
“Lovely,” the woman said. “I’m Hannah.” She stirred the pot vigorously.
“I am Soren and this is Ailia,” Soren said.
Hannah scooped stew into the bowls and smelled each of them. She moved slower than slow as she methodically placed the bowls on the table. The stew looked like a mix of some type of meat and bark. “Come, eat,” she invited. 
They sat down at the table. Ailia and Soren sat on the two chairs and Hannah flipped over a bucket and sat on that. The stew had a distinct earthy taste to it, Ailia thought. 
“So, tell me about yourselves then,” Hannah invited.
Soren and Ailia both pitched in and told about their journey over the last couple of days. They excluded the part where Ailia had seen the boys.
“Well, I’ll say. You’ve both been through a lot!” Hannah said. Her eyes turned dark and she raised her badly groomed eyebrows. “Did you happen to see the spirits of the Isaksen boys?” she wondered.
Ailia glanced at Soren and leaned forward toward Hannah. “What do you know about the boys?”
“So, you have seen them,” Hannah said, nodding her head. She took another bite of her stew and chewed it thoroughly.
“Yes, they appeared to me, but not Soren,” Ailia confirmed. “They seemed so real. I heard them cry. I saw them as clearly as I see you and I even held them both on my lap. Then, they suddenly vanished.” 
Hannah took another bite of her stew and chewed it slowly. When she finally swallowed, she spoke again. “They have been seen many times around these parts lately. I’ve never heard of anyone touching or holding them,” she said. “Now, that’s something special!” She wagged her index finger toward Ailia. “There is some disagreement about what really happened to the family after they left Bergendal, but no one could really know for sure what great ills occurred to them since there were no survivors. I, however, was also one of the Viking’s prisoners at the time of the family’s capture,” Hannah said intriguingly, taking another huge bite. 
“Did you see the family when they were alive?” Soren asked.
Hannah nodded slowly. “Yes,” she said, not bothering to swallow her food before she spoke. “Regrettably, I was originally one of the Vikings supporting the Empress before she came to reign, but when I found out who she really was, I could not and would not join in her grotesque, despicable lifestyle,” she said bitterly. 
Ailia stopped eating her stew. “Why would you support someone like her?” 
“I was naïve then and I thought that Eiess was the answer to all of our troubles. I learned in a short time that I had made a grave mistake in following her.” Hannah sounded depressed. “She is a cunning liar, that Empress, speaking of ideals, truth and glory. Eiess betrayed us and threw us out of her midst shortly after she took over the Northlandic Throne. I wasn’t a Viking myself, but I followed the Vikings to get away from the hatred of the people of Bergendal. But I should have rather endured their cruelty than associate with the barbarians.” 
“The Vikings soon became animals, no—beasts, or trolls—without hearts, without love, compassion, or care for anyone other than themselves. They were vain and self-absorbed. I couldn’t get myself to live that way and they turned on me, imprisoning me in a small wooden cage.” Hannah breathed deeply as her weary eyes wavered. 
“The mother of the young boys was killed first. They wanted her husband and children to watch the slaughter, hear her scream in pain and agony and plead for mercy. I sat in my prison and couldn’t bear to watch or listen to the poor woman’s screams. Her desperate pained voice is etched in my mind forever. Then, the Vikings turned toward the husband. I’ve never seen a man treated with such disrespect. His body was dismembered and taken apart piece by piece—” Hannah stopped speaking and looked into the flames of the hearth.
“I don’t think I want to know what happened to the boys,” Ailia said, feeling rather queasy. She could never imagine hurting anyone, especially those two innocent boys.
“I never knew what happened to the boys,” Hannah said. “One of the smaller Vikings decided to open my cage and take me into the forest to have his way with me again. I had had enough and something in me snapped. I knew that I had to get away from him, kill him or harm him in a way, so that I could escape from these horrible monsters. When we were a ways away from their settlement, I saw and picked up a large rock and as quickly and hard as I could, I took the rock and smashed it against his head.” Hannah held her fist up into the air. It looked like she was reliving the moment. “He fell to the ground and never stood back up. I ran as fast as I could away from there and I never looked back.”
“Did you go back to Bergendal?” Ailia asked.
“Yes, but they would have no part in helping a former supporter of Eiess and drove me away immediately. I tried to go back to my family, but they had disowned me. My old father’s uncle took pity on me and invited me into his house. The day after he had taken me in, we were both driven out of Bergendal by a mob. After we left, we found this cabin to live in,” she said, gesturing to the whole house. “He was a good man, the only man with complete compassion and love for all fellow men, or woman in my case.” Hannah stopped and swiftly wiped the tears away from her eyes. 
“So he must just have died?”
“Yes, a month ago last week.”
“I’m so sorry for your loss,” Ailia said.
“Me too,” Soren said.
“Now eat!” Hannah said, slapping her hands on her thighs. “Food tastes much better when it is warm.”
After repast, Hannah offered that Ailia sleep in her bedroom with her. She had a double bed that would fit them both. Soren would have to sleep on the floor in the main room. They were all very tired after a long day and the peace of slumber overtook them quickly.



13

Nukkern

Ailia wanted to stay in bed forever. The night had been peaceful and dreamless, a luxury she rarely experienced these days. If every night would be like this one, she would be happy. Ailia could hear that Hannah was up clanking the dishes, cooking breakfast and heating water for their morning tea. She got up and pulled her messy hair loose from the leather string it was tied with. Her long hair flowed down her back. She re-tied the string, got dressed and limped out to the main room.
Soren was already awake, tending to Volomite in the stable.
“Good morning to you,” Hannah said. “It’s going to be a beautiful day as soon as the sun gets up. I suspect you will be on your way shortly. I’ve packed you both food for your trip.” 
Just then, Ailia heard Soren galloping off on his horse. 
Hannah walked over to the window, opened the flimsy makeshift shutters and looked out. She turned to Ailia. “Did he tell you where he was going?” She looked puzzled.
“No,” Ailia said and walked over to join Hannah where she stood. Ailia peered through the window into the darkness and saw only Soren dash off into the murky pre-dawn morning on Volomite’s black back.
“I’m sure he’ll return soon,” Hannah comforted. “I never understood men. Just off doing their own thing, no consideration. Maybe gone hunting?” 
“Probably,” Ailia replied, but she felt like something wasn’t right. Soren wouldn’t just take off and leave her like this, would he? Not after all that he had done to help her. Now, she thought maybe she didn’t know him at all and maybe he didn’t care whether she made it back home or not. Maybe all his stories were lies.
Hannah was busy finishing breakfast: sop. Ailia had not had sop in years, since Aunt Unni didn’t like it. 
Hannah prepared three bowls by putting four thick slices of wholegrain bread in them. “Just in case he comes back, which I’m sure he will. Sop is my favorite meal,” she said. “It’s easy to make. It fills the belly up for a long time and it tastes wonderful, especially with a generous portion of honey. Soren gave this honey to me this morning,” Hannah said, holding up a small glass jar. She smiled. “Said he got it from the Southlandic Kingdom. I suppose they have the opposite problem down there now—no cold season.” Hannah scooped hot liquid over the bread. “Now, that might be all fine and dandy for them, you would think, but Soren said that they are suffering from a fresh water shortage since none of the glaciers here are melting and providing them with clean water. It’s only going to get worse. Soren said that thousands upon thousands are dying from lack of water. They are thirsting to death! I would much rather be here and cold, eating my fish, hare and horse, God rest Mimi’s soul,” she said, pointing to her stable. “Now, I cannot get around much any more, but there’s really nowhere to go.” She picked up a bowl and handed it to Ailia. “Be careful now, it’s very hot.”
“You ate your riding horse?” Ailia said. She had eaten horsemeat before and in fact, horsemeat stew was one of Ailia’s favorite meals, but she would never consider eating her riding horse.
“Well, I just didn’t need her to travel anywhere anymore. She was getting old and I needed the food,” Hannah said matter of fact. “Now she serves me each day, just in another way.”
“Makes sense,” Ailia said, but she was still baffled. 
Ailia ate her sop quickly. She decided that sop was now her new favorite breakfast. It satisfied her hunger and filled and warmed her belly, just like Hannah had said. 
Finally, the sun rose above the mountaintops and Ailia excitedly opened the front door and stepped outside to soak up its rare company. Her foot still hurt, but the pain had lessened considerably and it looked a lot less swollen and red than yesterday. 
“Close the door, or you’ll let all the warm air out,” Hannah hollered from inside. 
Ailia closed the creaking door behind her. Last night’s snow had covered the trees and hills in the Small Mountains and Volomite’s tracks were the only disturbance in this winter paradise. Ailia worried that Soren had left for good and she missed his company already. Her mind vacillated between being concerned that he would never return and also thinking that she might be overreacting. Maybe he just went out to hunt food and will be right back. Why hadn’t he told them where he was going and when, or even if, he would return? Will I ever make it home without his help?
Ailia glanced over the white and blue landscape. Branches of aspen and oak trees were covered with crystallized ice and they glittered in the light of the sun. Down by the frozen-over lake, Ailia saw a small deer prance gracefully across the ice. She took a few steps out into the snow to get a closer look at the deer. A chill shot through her legs as her bare feet touched the snow. She took a step back. Her foot was feeling much better and she could apply a little pressure on it without cringing.
Unexpectedly, she thought she heard a fiddle playing somewhere in the direction of the lake. She was curious and went back inside the cabin and put on the overcoat and boots. 
Hannah was still busy cleaning up from breakfast. 
Ailia ran out quickly. “I’ll be right back,” she shouted, as she hobbled toward the lake. She didn’t wait for Hannah to reply and wouldn’t have stopped if she had. The mid-calf-high snow was hard to walk in, so she had to slow her pace and lift her skirt as she trudged through it. She felt the snow enter her boots and it felt as if it was freezing her delicate skin. I should have put my stockings on before I left. 
Music continued to come from the other side of the small lake. She stood still for a moment, scanning the forest on the other side. Nothing, not even a single movement was detectable, only jovial notes could be heard. Ailia saw no reason not to continue to explore where the music was coming from and decided to move around the lake, because she was afraid of water. 
Ailia recognized the playful melody as the tune, Maiden Dance. She had heard it many times during the festivals in Bergendal. Maybe the fiddler is from Bergendal? she thought. 
As she continued, she kept her eyes locked in the direction the music was coming from. Then, she saw movement in the woods. It looked like there was a man on the other side playing the fiddle. Then, the tune stopped. Ailia stood in silence to see if the music would come back. The fiddler started playing another tune, a more melancholy, seductive tune that stirred up emotions in Ailia’s heart. She listened quietly as the melody filled her soul, penetrating her being. It was almost as if it were hypnotizing her, compelling her to go to the creator of the music. Her feet started moving across the snow again and she kept moving toward the sound. Through the woods, Ailia spotted a young, well-dressed, dark-blond man standing and playing the fiddle. 
Suddenly, the man stopped playing and turned around. 
Ailia jumped behind a tree, immediately feeling embarrassed that he might have seen her sneak up on him and then feeling embarrassed that she had hid behind the tree after he had most likely seen her. She wrestled with what to do. 
“Hello?” the man beckoned. “Miss?” 
“Ugh!” Ailia grimaced behind the tree. He had seen her. She apologetically stepped out from behind the tree. 
“Ah, there you are!” the man exclaimed, seeming excited to see her. His nostrils flared as he spoke.
“I’m sorry, I, um—uh was startled,” she said, feeling embarrassed. 
He had traveled very quickly toward Ailia, almost at a quicker than humanly possible pace, she thought. His deep-set, greedy eyes fixed on Ailia. Up close, Ailia noticed his unusually square jaw. It had a deep cleft in it. His full lips were cherry red, looking like he had just been kissing someone. There was an extreme and unexplainable manly sensuousness about him. Pure and raw masculinity seeped from his pores. 
Ailia breathed deeply to try and remain unaffected by his overwhelming presence. She had even started to feel weak in the knees from being so close to him.
“No need to apologize, miss—?”
“Oh, Ailia,” she said and smiled. She wasn’t sure whether she liked him and should stay or whether she should run away.
“What a thrilling name,” the man said, not volunteering his own. “Ailia,” he said again, this time enunciating her name more loudly and clearly as he finished with a glued-on smile. “Bravo, Ailia,” he said.
Ailia muffled a chuckle. She had never thought her name was thrilling, but liked that he thought it was thrilling. She replied with a thank you. 
“You must have heard me playing on my fiddle,” he said, holding it up. His movements seemed contrived, almost choreographed and extremely well-rehearsed.
“Yes, you are a very gifted fiddler. I just had to come over here,” Ailia complimented. “I don’t recognize you, but I recognized the first tune you played from my hometown Bergendal. Have you visited there before?” 
“No, but a man from Bergendal did teach me the melody,” he answered. 
That helped put Ailia more at ease. “Oh really, what was his name? I know all the fiddlers in Bergendal,” Ailia said excited, but still careful and wanting to test his knowledge on the subject.
“His name was Andreas. Do you know him?”
“Yes!” she exclaimed. “Andreas was the best fiddler in town.”
“I agree,” the stranger said and nodded his head fervently. “We met a few years ago at the town festival and I was so intrigued by his playing. I had never touched a fiddle in my life, but I knew that I needed to learn to play like him, and—”
Ailia listened to him tell the whole story and was mesmerized by the way he told it. It sounded like a fairy tale and Ailia loved listening to fairytales. As she studied his face, his deep blue, nearly black eyes drew her in. They were so dark and mysterious and Ailia wanted to know more about him. No, it was more like she needed to know more about him. There was just something absolutely breathtakingly attractive about this man in a very sensual way. All of her apprehension about him had vanished. Ailia had never had a serious crush on anyone, she thought, but she knew for sure that this was indeed a serious crush. His voice danced as he spoke articulately in a slightly southern dialect and his movements seemed so graceful, almost like watching an archangel, if Ailia thought she’d ever meet one in this life. He seemed divine, or on a higher level than any other human Ailia had met before. 
“—but I have not seen him in a few years. I heard he passed away?” he finished his story.
“Yes, he died of old age, I suppose,” Ailia said. She missed Andreas. He had been like an older brother to her, usually being the first one to dance with her at the festivals.
“Here, let me play you another tune you might know. Do you dance?” He started tramping down the snow to make a small danceable area for Ailia.
“Well, I do at our local festivals,” she said modestly. “My foot—” she started.
“Oh, come on, I am sure you are a great dancer. Show me a step or two.” He began playing a spirited tune. He glanced at her as he lifted his eyebrows and smiled ever so charmingly at her. “Well, come on then, dance!”
Ailia hesitantly put her hands on her hips and showed him a few steps, but she quickly stopped dancing because she felt silly. 
He kept playing the melody and nodded his head at her to keep going. “Yes, beautiful!” he shouted over the fiddle tune. “Just keep dancing!” 
Ailia kept going and the more she danced, the more she got into it. Finally, she didn’t feel silly or even uncomfortable anymore and was just happy to have some fun. The tune and dancing brought back so many wonderful memories from home. She couldn’t wait to get home again. She then stepped harshly on her injured foot and fell down into the packed snow. “Aw!” she said under her breath.
“Oh, miss, Ailia, Ailia, are you ok?” He carelessly threw his fiddle into the snow and knelt beside her.
“My foot is just a little injured,” she said. 
He helped her take her boot off and she could see that the wound had re-opened and was bleeding. “Will you help me get back over to the cabin over there?” she said.
“I have a better idea, if you do not mind,” he said. “My home is just right behind that hill there and it is closer. Let me carry you there. I have a very good supply of ointments and dressings.” He lifted her even before Ailia was able to object and started walking toward the hill.
“No, I need to get back,” Ailia said, feeling extremely uncomfortable again. “Hannah will wonder where I am and Soren will be worried too,” she said.
“You mean the young man who took off this morning?” the stranger asked. 
“No,” Ailia lied as she felt a knot tie in her stomach. “That was Leif,” she lied again. His strong arms gripped her tightly. Her mind started to try and figure out ways to escape this man. “I really need to get back now,” she said, more insistently. Maybe this guy was a Viking and he wanted to take her back to his house and kill her, or maybe he wanted to imprison her. Ailia grew more and more afraid.
“I see,” he said and stopped. “I will take you home then.”
Ailia felt relieved for a moment. He turned around and started to walk across the lake. 
“The lake is solid ice and it is much easier to move across it than try to wade through the snow like you did,” he said. 
So he had been watching her come toward him. That didn’t sit well with Ailia.
“I feel a lot better now. I can walk,” she said. By now they were about halfway across the lake. He set her down carefully and offered to support her with his hand. 
“Thank you,” Ailia said, still not trusting him, but she did need his help to cross the rest of the lake. She stepped forward, but without warning, he pulled her back in close to him, clutched her body to his and stomped the ice below so hard that it cracked. He stomped again and yet a third time, so hard it felt like an earthquake. His eyes were staring into Ailia’s and she saw that they had lit up to a bright glowing golden color. His teeth became sharp and his skin turned greyish in front of her eyes, like a dead man’s who had been underneath the water, rotting and decomposing for a long time.
“Help!” Ailia screamed as loudly as her voice would allow. “Hannah!” 
His stomps had opened a small hole in the ice, large enough to fit both of them. He jumped into the water and stayed afloat with Ailia for a while. 
“Shh—” he said stroking her hair. “Do not worry. It will all soon be over.”
The water was numbingly cold and Ailia began shivering immediately. “Help!” she continued to scream, but no one came to her rescue. Just then a conversation she had had with her Uncle Brander flashed through her mind. He had warned her several times about this brute water demon that would drag children and young maidens down to the deep with him, never to be heard from again. The Nukkern, he had called him.
The shape-shifting man tried to kiss her, but Ailia turned her head from side to side, avoiding his purple, wrinkled lips. 
“Help!  Someone please help me!” she yelled again.
“Ailia!” she heard in the distance. 
She glanced quickly to the right and was relieved she saw Soren in the distance, galloping toward her. There was also another white horse, with a brown spotted pattern, carrying a woman dressed in the typical fancy royal blue, red and white Sami clothes.
“Soren!” Ailia yelled. “Help!”
Just as she uttered the last word, the fiddler drew her underneath the icy water with him, wrapping his arms tightly around her body, locking in her arms so she could not move. 



14

Sister

It was the third day Lucia had sat at the end of the freezing tunnel. Her hands had been numb since day one and both her hands and feet had started to turn blue with splotches of black. Her cough had progressively grown worse and her lungs burned as she hacked away, sometimes even coughing up blotches of blood. All the food that was packed in her bag was gone and she could feel the fever raging through her body. 
She had tried once more on the second day to knock on the gate, but Nora had never come. Lucia had even tried to open the gate, but it appeared to be locked from the outside. Returning to the castle was out of the question, because she knew what ill fate awaited her there. Though she was utterly exhausted to the core, sleep had eluded her deprived body for she was too afraid to miss Nora’s arrival, or worse, she feared she might fall asleep—forever.
When the knock finally came, Lucia thought that she was dreaming, but then, as the knock persisted and increased in volume, she realized that it was real. She crept up close to the opening and saw Nora’s familiar old face peaking in. “Nora!” she cried, tears of joy brimming to the edges of her eyes. 
“Lucia, my dear, dear child, I am so glad you are still here. I was so worried about you. I shall explain everything later. I am just so glad to hear your voice, my blessed child,” Nora whispered.
Lucia started coughing again. 
“Oh dear, you sound dreadfully ill. We must hurry and get you to safety. Come with me,” Nora said, opening the creaky gate. She grabbed Lucia’s arm and pulled her up and out of the cavern. They hastily ran across the quiet, blackened, snowy road toward the northern exit. 
“I have my horse outside the walls,” Nora said, breathing heavily. 
Coughing and wheezing all the way, Lucia had a hard time keeping up with the old handmaiden. Nora helped Lucia mount the horse first and when they were both settled onto the mare, she nudged the horse to start moving. The wind was fierce, leaching in through Lucia’s not warm enough blanket, chilling her bare face and her body to their core. 
“It will be just a little way.” Nora spoke directly into Lucia’s ear. “This road leads down toward the main street and eventually to the church.”
I hope she is not talking about the Christian Church. Lucia still hated Jesus, for the more she thought about it, the more she believed that it was his fault that her mother had died, and that she was in this life-threatening predicament. “I am so glad— ouch, uh—you are here, uh, uh,” Lucia kept saying over and over, her body shaking and jerking with every cough. 
“Oh, my dear princess, we will need to call for a medicine man,” Nora said, placing her hand on Lucia’s burning brow. “Just a while longer now and we will be there.”
Heavy clouds hovered low over the city, slowly releasing their millions of snowflakes onto the tired, old town. There were no other people out this time of night, probably for fear of being abducted by the Vikings who had steadily increased their raids, or for fear of Eiess’s spies. 
Nora steered the horse into a small side road next to the town’s most popular tavern. Laughter came from the inside. The snow-white path led to a field, where the modest Bergendal Stave Church stood. Its four-tiered roof was covered in snow. A low rectangular wooden fence, with one pillar at each corner, edged around the church and enclosed hundreds of tightly placed gravestones. There was a clear path stamped out in the snow from another direction and Nora steered the horse onto the path. Lights were lit inside the church, Lucia noticed, but no light was burning outside. Nora directed the horse to enter at the western gate at the church’s rear entrance. 
A tall, lanky man came out the back door and greeted them. Lucia thought she might have met him before, but could not remember where.
“Hello and welcome to the Lord’s house,” he said, reaching both palms up toward his guests. “I have been expecting you.” He lowered his hands, clasping them in front of his hips. 
Lucia was in and out of consciousness now but still coughing often. She finally recognized the man as the Bishop who had spoken when she attended church a while back. He wore a brown tunic alb and had not bothered to put his overcoat on before he came out. He must be regretting it now. Lucia saw a younger, but very stalky man come out behind the Bishop. 
“This is Anders. He will take your horse and feed him in the stable,” the Bishop said. 
Anders stepped forward and grabbed the horse by the reigns. 
“I’m Bishop Peter.” The two men of God helped both ladies off the horse, but they had not anticipated how weak Lucia was. Lucia collapsed the instant her feet hit the ground.
“Oh heavens!” Bishop Peter said, picking her up immediately and lifting her inside. “I apologize in advance. The church is not very well heated, I’m afraid. I’ll have Anders put some more wood on the hearth.”
Lucia’s eyes were shut, but she noticed they had stepped inside now. It was warmer inside the church but not warm enough for comfort.
“The girl is very ill,” Nora said, walking over to Bishop Peter. “Can you send for a healer or medicine man?”
“I am educated in the art of healing. I’ll do my best. Let me place her in my chambers. You may both sleep there tonight and until she is well. I’ll take the back room.” He started walking through a narrow hallway.
Nora followed closely behind them. 
“Ivar said you would be arriving several days ago. Was I mistaken?” he asked.
Lucia could hear Anders come back inside, stomping the snow off his boots in the entrance. 
“Boil water immediately, Anders, we need to bring this girl back to life,” Bishop Peter yelled in Anders’s direction. 
Lucia felt nearly dead in Bishops Peter’s arms, but she could still hear them talking. I am in a Christian church. I do not want to be here. The gods will curse me, as they did my mother.
“I was captured by a Viking,” Nora said. 
That is why she was late. I could have died because she was not careful enough not to get caught. Lucia surprised herself how bitter she felt.
They entered a small room with a humble looking bed at the end of it. Wool throws covered it and at looked like the mattress was made of straw.
Bishop Peter turned around. “You escaped?” 
“Yes, I told him I would return with my mother’s gold amulet if he released me,” Nora said.
“Do you have such an amulet?” Bishop Peter asked.
“No,” Nora answered. “My mother is not alive either.”
“So, how did you get him to believe you and let you go?” Bishop Peter arrived at the bed and laid Lucia down on it. 
Taking Lucia’s shoes off, Nora started massaging heat into her numb feet again. They were frozen cold, swelled up and blackish purple at some of the toes. 
“You poor thing,” Nora said. “Well, I got the Viking very drunk. He could not think straight,” Nora said, slightly embarrassed.
“Thank the Lord for mead,” Bishop Peter said, folding his hands as if he were praying. 
It was not quite the reaction Lucia had anticipated from Bishop Peter. She thought men of this new God did not believe in excessive drinking.
Bishop Peter sat down on the bed and studied Lucia for a while, listening to her heart and lungs. He stood up and signaled for Nora to follow him to the corner of the room. Nora stood up and approached him.
Lucia could hear their conversation even though they were whispering. 
“This girl is very ill,” Bishop Peter said. “How long has she had this fever and cough?”
“I am not sure, but longer than I would like to think,” Nora whispered back. 
“Her lungs sound horrible. I’ll do my best, but unfortunately, there’s not much I can do for her at this point,” Bishop Peter said. 
“Surely, there must be something you can do. She is the Princess!” Nora pleaded in desperation and then she lowered her voice. “And she is the Great Sentinor!”
“You mean—” Bishop Peter started. “The Great Sentinor? Oh, Lord. The only man I know who may be able to help her isn’t here. It would take weeks before anyone would be able to reach him.”
“Soren,” Nora said. “Yes, he would be the only one.”
“How do you know Soren?” the Bishop asked, sounding surprised.
“Well, he is Lucia’s betrothed. I first met him when I contracted ergotism. He was the only one who could heal me. If Soren knew that Lucia was here, he would come for her immediately. Should we send for him?” 
“Nora?” Lucia said. She could feel the warmth starting to breathe life into her body.
“I am here, my dear. You are safe with us now. No need to worry.” Nora hastened toward the bed.
“I do not think I am the Great Sentinor. It is a mistake,” she said. “I have a letter from my father, uh, uh, uh,” she coughed. Her hands searched her bag for the scroll. 
Nora helped her find it and gave it to her. 
“From my father. He said to read it as soon as I was safe.” She felt the anticipation of reading his words energize her. Holding it up so Nora could see, she asked, “Will you read it to me?  I am too tired.”
“Of course, my love,” Nora said, looking over at Bishop Peter.
“I will leave you to your privacy.” He bowed and walked out, closing the door behind him. 
Nora tucked some itchy wool pillows behind Lucia’s back, so she could sit up in a semi-reclining position. When she opened the red Bergendal-sealed scroll, two additional smaller scrolls fell out. One of them read Lucia and one of them, Ailia. 
“Ailia?” Nora said. “Do you remember that Ailia was the name your mother spoke right before she died?” she said to Lucia. She started reading the main letter first, smiling as if she knew something Lucia did not.

My dearest beloved Lucia,
I have sat down to write this letter many times over the years, but have not been able to put these significant words on paper. Now, as I am imprisoned by Eiess in my own castle and am preparing for your escape, I am forced to write it in a hurry. Please forgive me if I come across abrupt, but time is not my ally and I must inform you of many essential things.
You may not understand everything I am about to say to you or understand why your mother and I chose to do things the way we did. It does not mean that we loved you less than your sister.

Nora looked up “Did you know you had a sister?” she said, caressing Lucia’s face. 
Lucia opened her eyes. “Yes, I always knew,” Lucia said calmly. “My mother spoke to me about her from time to time, but she died when she was just a baby. She was my twin.”
Nora nodded and continued reading.

Your mother spoke to you of your twin sister that died at birth. The truth is that she did not die, Lucia. She still lives, even here in Bergendal.

“She is still alive?” Lucia perked up a bit. “I have a sister! We must find her!”
Nora looked up again, lowering the letter to her lap. “I am sorry we have all kept this a secret from you, Lucia.” 
“What?” Lucia said. “You knew that my sister was still alive and did not tell me?” Lucia felt angry. Every direction she turned, there was another lie and she did not know what or who to trust anymore.
Nora nodded her head, took a deep breath and read on.

To protect Ailia’s identity, we gave her away at birth to a loving couple. To protect her identity even further, your mother and I did not know of the couple’s identity. 
Ivar, our faithful guard, brought Ailia to the family and even to this day, the family still does not know who Ailia is. Your mother and I do not know where Ailia lives, only Ivar knows.
My dear Lucia, your sister is the Light—the Light in which you need to bear—the true Great Sentinor. Eiess still believes you are the Great Sentinor and she will be hunting you until the day you die, or until she discovers the truth. Please forgive us in protecting your sister and endangering you by creating an illusion that you were the Great Sentinor. Try to understand that this decision was an attempt to save her life and ultimately, the life of all people on Midgard, including yours, from the evils of Eiess. If Ailia does not succeed this time, we are all doomed.
Your sister needs you. She does not know of your existence or of her royal lineage yet and she is unaware that she is the Great Sentinor. You must find her and tell her. We gave the same Bergendal crested gold ring to her adoptive parents to keep in an unopened chest until we claimed her back. Ask them for it, for this will be proof to you that she is your sister.

Lucia twisted her ring around her finger. She did not like what she was hearing—not one bit. They used me?  
Nora continued reading.

On the morrow, Eiess has planned for my execution. Please forgive me for deceiving you, yet again. But I feared that you would not have left my side if I had told you. My sacrifice is getting you out safe and it is a happy sacrifice indeed. Rest assured, I am joyful, now having been reunited with my wife and your mother Maud and our unborn son in Valhalla. I am looking down on you with love and hope and I will always be with you, watching over you until we meet again one glorious and bright day.

Your loving father,
Olav

~ I have enclosed two letters from your mother. One is for you and the other is for Ailia. Please give it to her when you find her.

Nora looked up with tears streaming down her face. She lowered the scroll and glanced over at Lucia. 
Lucia felt torn. If I seek my sister out and find her, she will know who she is and Eiess will not be after me anymore. If I do not find her, Nora will probably do it herself. 
Who was this man she called father really? She had always thought he was a man of integrity, one who she could trust to do the right thing, no matter what. Yes, he was a bit harsh, but dishonest? Unfaithful?  A—fraud? Lucia unsuccessfully fought back her tears and wept in Nora’s arms, waiting, hoping that the pain would subside, but no release of heartache came to her and her hurt only grew deeper. The loss of life and loss of trust was too devastating to take in and too painful to speak out loud. Now that she knew Nora was part of that deceitful circle, it made her even angrier. 
“Oh, my king,” Nora said finally. “May your soul rest in peace.”
“Now I am all alone,” Lucia said.
“Well, no, you have a sister! And you have me, do not forget. We will need to find Ailia as soon as you recover,” Nora said. 
Lucia looked at Nora soberly. “I will recover and we will find her,” she said firmly, her eyes focused and clear. Better to have Nora think I care. Do I care? She tried not to think about the voice in her head that mourned her parents’ falseness—more than their deaths—and which killed her trust in them and all she had ever held dear. Even my mother lied to me and used me.

*    *    *

A few days later Lucia’s strength had started to come back and she felt physically well enough and emotionally ready to read the letter her mother had written to her. She started reading it with mixed emotions. 

My beloved daughter Lucia,
The night before you were born, Iluxia spoke to me about you and Ailia. It was a joyous and a sad moment in one. Sad, because Iluxia told me that the Great Sentinor must be dead unto me at birth and joyous because I would get to keep you. He declared that I must name you Lucia, which means ‘Bearer of Light’, so everyone would believe you were the Great Sentinor. 
Your mission in life is to be the bearer of your sister, the one light of Midgard and you must do everything in your power to bear her and uphold her. 
I have prepared something called the Aesira Scrolls for Ailia, which she is supposed to receive when she turns eighteen. You must read the scrolls also, for you will learn through these detailed writings all the important details and history of your Aesira lineage.

Lucia remembered that Vilda had mentioned the scrolls. 

On your eighteenth birthday you will receive the Aesira Jewel from either me or your father, if I have passed on to the other side. You will then take over as the Sun Queen.

Ha!  That was a fiasco, Lucia thought.

You will be charged with keeping the Aesira Jewel hidden from the world and concealed from Eiess and also with engaging the jewel each solstice with Iluxia.
You, my beloved daughter have the immense responsibility and power to help Ailia defeat Eiess. She needs you to support her through her life and I am asking you, with all my love, to be there for her no matter how difficult your lives become. Without your support, Ailia will probably not succeed.

With all my Love,
Mother

“Do you know anything about the Aesira Scrolls?” Lucia asked Nora, who was sitting in the corner on an old wooden stool, hemming a garment.
“Yes. Your mother wrote them and I hid them before you were born. They contained the genealogy of the Aesira bloodline and a lot more. I never read them, but I got the impression that it was very important that Ailia receive them.”
“Well, if you hid them, you know where they are, right?” Lucia asked.
“Well—” Nora hesitated. “I think your mother had them moved to a different location than where I hid them. I had hidden them in the Godwalk Caves right around the time of your birth.”	
 	“So, we will never find them then—” Lucia said discouraged. I must find them before Ailia does.
“Well, your mother and father were very smart people. They would have left some clues about where to find them. I would not give up just yet.”
Lucia sighed. 
“Now, your job is to get better and to get enough rest. Stop worrying about the future. Just focus on getting well here and now,” Nora said.
Lucia looked at her. “Yes ma’am.” First I need to find Ailia so I can get Eiess off my back.



15

Day Mares

As the fiddler plunged Ailia into the freezing water, she vividly remembered her mare dream about being drowned underneath the ice. She panicked and started kicking and squirming her body to get out of the clutch of the man who had quickly become her nemesis. 
Is this really happening? Who is this man? Is he the dreaded Nukkern my Uncle Brander had warned me so fervently about? Ailia’s fight was futile, for his grasp was too strong to escape. As she tried to wrestle her way out, he drew her deeper and deeper into the lake, a lake that appeared shallow and small on the surface, but now felt deeper than the deepest ocean. The freezing water numbed her body, making it painful and difficult to move and she started to feel like she needed to take a breath again. 
She looked up toward the top of the lake and saw sunrays peering through the broken ice and, then, a person jumping into the water. It was Soren. He started swimming toward her. If I can only last a while longer, I’ll be safe and back in Soren’s care, she thought.
Soren swam aggressively downward. Right when he reached them, he grabbed the Nukkern by the shoulder, looked him in the eyes and blurted something incomprehensible. 
The Nukkern looked furious, his eyes now fiery red as he strengthened his suffocating grip on Ailia. 
She felt the air being squeezed out of her already burning lungs. I cannot hold on any more and she exhaled the last breath of air she had in her lungs.
Suddenly, the Nukkern let go of her and disappeared abruptly into the deep, dark chasm. Soren grabbed Ailia by the hand and headed upwards to her salvation, swimming toward the surface. 
Ailia was so cold that she could barely move her body, but she still tried to assist Soren in swimming to the top by kicking her wilting feet. Then finally as she broke through the water’s surface she gasped for air. 
The woman that had ridden next to Soren was waiting for Ailia. She looked like she was in her mid-thirties and was stalky with a muscular build. Thick brown leggings covered her legs and her calves and feet were bound in red and white wool fabric. On her feet, she wore white and brown reindeer fur boots decorated with white, red and green trim that came up to a swirly point at the toe. 
“Grab on,” the Sami woman said, offering her bare hand to Ailia.
Ailia slowly lifted her hand up. It was shaking violently. So cold, so cold.
The Sami woman pulled her out of the water, wrapping her into first a wool blanket and then a reindeer fur she had grabbed off of her horse. “You will be just fine, just fine,” she said, rubbing Ailia’s back briskly.
Soren placed his hands on the ice and pushed himself up out of the water. He grabbed a fur off of Volomite and wrapped himself in it. Both Soren and the Sami woman lifted Ailia onto Volomite’s back and made their way across the rest of the ice-covered lake. When they arrived at the cabin, Soren lifted Ailia off Volomite and barged in the door.
“What happened?” Hannah asked startled. She rose to her feet from her chair, dropping the cup of tea she was drinking from.
“The Nukkern,” Soren yelled. “You should have warned Ailia about him!” He carried Ailia over to the hearth. “Surely, if you live here, you’ve seen him around?”
“What do you mean? There is no Nukkern that lives around here,” Hannah replied defensively. “I would have warned her if I knew.”
“Well, he is here now!” Soren said, his voice seething. He laid Ailia on the floor close to the fire. “Get me some hot water. We need to warm Ailia up to prevent her from freezing to death.”
“Right away, sorry, sorry,” Hannah said, moving frantically to get it done.
Ailia started to shiver even more violently. She saw that her fingers had turned blue. 
Soren started ripping off her wet, cold clothes. “I need more blankets, Silya,” he ordered the Sami woman. Silya gathered up all the blankets and furs that she could find in the room and brought them over to Soren. 
“Horses, get the horses,” Soren said as he took the blankets. 
Silya immediately left the room to tend to the horses. 
Soren covered Ailia’s body with a blanket before he took off her last undergarment. He then proceeded to undress himself, leaving only his undergarments on and slipped underneath the blanket. He embraced Ailia’s cold, quivering body and pressed it up against his. 
Ailia could feel warmth flowing from him and she embraced him back. She thought he seemed unusually warm to just have come out of the same frozen lake as her. 
Hannah came over with hot water she had gotten off of the hearth and some herbal tea for Ailia to drink. She soaked a cloth in hot water and laid it on Ailia’s forehead and then handed the tea to Soren to give to Ailia.
“What happened?” Hannah asked concerned, kneeling down next to them.
“The Nukkern got hold of her somehow and he dragged her under the water with him. First, he broke the surface of the ice and then he held her captive in the icy water for some time. Then, he dragged her underneath the water with him.” Soren stopped for a moment and then continued. “Did you not hear her screams?”
“I, I am sorry, but I’m deaf in my left ear and I have limited hearing in the other, so the main way I listen is by reading lips,” Hannah said. “I wish I could have heard her. I never would have imagined that something like this could happen here.” She looked distraught. 
“I am sorry. I did not know,” Soren said.
Ailia started to stir under the blanket. Her shivering had nearly ceased and the warmth had begun to spread through her body. She opened her eyes and fully realized she was laying next to a nearly naked man, a man she had started to grow fond of. “Soren, you’re back!” She smiled peacefully and leaned her head over to rest on his bare chest. She felt so safe there nestled in his care. “Where did you go? I wasn’t sure if you had left for good, or if you were even coming back.”
Soren slowly wriggled away and stood up. His shoulders and chest were well developed and his legs muscular. He seemed unusually tan for winter, but he had been in the Southlandic Kingdom recently, Ailia noted. Watching him move, bare wet skin, a hard body, Ailia had to catch her breath. She had never seen anything as beautiful before. He looked straight at her and she felt self-conscious. Then she felt a rush of blood go to her face. She looked away to give him privacy. 
Ailia wished he had stayed close to her longer. She enjoyed having him near, so much more than she wanted to admit. She wanted to feel his bare skin against hers and for him to pull her close to his strong body.
“Your temperature is stabilizing, so you will be fine now. Something has come up and I need to leave, so I brought Silya here to help you get home,” he said coolly.
“Oh,” Ailia said dispirited, trying to read his face for any clues of his sudden change of plans. 
“Silya knows the land and she is a very skilled hunter and traveller. She will be good company and help you with anything you might need.” He pulled his blue tunic on, secured the belt around his waist, walked over to Ailia and knelt beside her. Gently stroking her forehead, he said, “Make sure you stay warm for a while longer and stay close to Silya.” He looked into her eyes and exhaled. “You need to be more careful. It is really a miracle that you did not die. What happened out there?”
“I heard music and—” Ailia huffed. “I’ll be more careful.” She was embarrassed that she had to be rescued by him yet again. She sat up and tried not to seem too upset that he was leaving her. “Will I ever see you again?” she asked calmly, doing everything she could to restrain the emotion in her voice. 
“Maybe,” Soren said. He sounded unsure. “What is important is that you get home safely and Silya will see to that.” He walked over to her foot and lifted the blankets. “I saw that your wound had re-opened. I will need to stitch it back together before I leave.” He fetched his bag and pulled out some sharp, scary-looking instruments. “This will hurt,” he said to Ailia. “Hannah, do you have a stick Ailia can bite down on for the pain?” He then refocused on Ailia. “Try to think about something other than the pain.” He prepared the instruments he was going to use to sew the open wound shut. “Ready?” he said and looked into Ailia’s eyes.
“Yes,” she said bravely, not really knowing if she would be able to handle it. 
He started sewing and Ailia felt the needle every time it punctured her skin. She breathed erratically and bit down on the stick hard as she strained to not scream in agony.
“Just a few more stitches,” Soren informed sympathetically. “You are very brave, you know, so very brave.” 
Ailia decided to focus on Soren’s face to help keep her calm. She noticed the pain lessen as she focused on him, on his deep, calming, narrow eyes. Her breathing became more stable and the pain more manageable, the more she immersed herself into him. 
“All done,” Soren said, seeming somewhat relieved. He walked over and crouched down by her side. “I am usually not fazed by any surgery or illness, but for some reason it bothers me to see you suffer.” 
“Thank you again, Soren, for all you have done for me. I’m glad our paths crossed, even if only briefly.” Ailia wanted to ask him to stay longer, wanted to get to know him better, wanted to explore this feeling of desire she had for him, but she realized his heart was promised to and held by, another woman—a woman much superior to her. “I’ll miss you,” she decided to add. 
Soren paused and looked at her in silence as he brushed her cheek with his hand. Their eyes connected and they looked at each other for a while. All else seemed to fade away except for the oneness that connected them then and there. “I will miss you, too,” he said, almost whispering. 
Ailia reached for his hand, but he pulled away. He stood up and started cleaning the bloodied instruments, placing them in his bag when he finished.
Hannah walked over to him and handed him some food she had prepared for his trip. “Thank you for your generosity,” she said.
“Thank you for yours.” Soren then opened the door and joined Silya outside. 
Ailia could hear them talking.
“Please make sure she gets home safely. I might come see you after I have been to see the Empress,” Soren said. 
Ailia’s blood froze. The Empress? Why would he visit the Empress? Is he a secret scout after all? Ailia’s heart dropped as she kept listening in on their conversation. And she was now terrified that Soren might travel to the Empress and reveal all that she had shared with him.
“Have a safe trip, Soren,” Silya said, hugging Soren warmly.
“Thank you.” Soren stepped back inside again and looked at Ailia as if he were trying to engrave the image of her face in his mind, as if it were the last time he intended to see her. He was about to say something but it looked like he quieted his voice instead. He then turned around, stepped outside, closed the door behind him and mounted Volomite. He grabbed the reigns and made a clicking noise twice. Volomite neighed and took off.
Ailia closed her eyes as she heard Volomite’s hoofs disappear in the distance. She wanted Soren near and couldn’t bear the thought of him leaving. Is there something wrong with me that he will not bring me home himself?  
Silya entered in the front door with a huff. “It is a cold day today,” she said, her full cheeks now rosy from the cold. 
Ailia slightly resented Silya being there in Soren’s stead. She didn’t want to be escorted home by some stranger, even if Soren had recommended her. “I forgot to ask Soren before he left: what did he say that made the Nukkern leave?”
“Probably his name. If you know the Nukkern’s name and speak it out loud, he has to leave,” Silya said.
“Really?” Ailia asked.
Silya rubbed her hands together quickly above the hearth, warming them in the heat of the flames. Every move Silya made was quick and quiet. “Years ago, the Nukkern was one of Eiess’s followers in Vanaheim and he descended with her to Midgard to gain power over mortals. They were also followed by many other creatures of darkness.”
“Like who?” Ailia asked, slightly frightened to know the answer. She hadn’t meant to open up that big of a can of worms.
 “Have you heard of the huldras or darkelves?” Silya asked, her alert eyes narrowing.
“Yes—?” Ailia said. “They cannot possibly be real?” she added disbelievingly.
“Well, did you believe in the Nukkern before today?” Silya asked.
“Well, no—?” Ailia didn’t want to believe that all the ominous shape-shifters she had always thought were fictitious were actually real. “Why haven’t I ever seen them before?”
“In the past they have not associated too much with mere mortals,” Silya said.
“Oh,” Ailia said, feeling like being a mere mortal was something a little too average. She didn’t appreciate that and it gave her even more of a reason to dislike Silya.
“Recently though and especially since Eiess took over the Northlandic Throne, they have started interacting more with humans and have even started regularly threatening human existence,” Silya said.
“Just like the Nukkern?”
“Well, the Nukkern is a little different. Soren captured the Nukkern long ago and was going to kill him. Instead, Soren made a pact with him that he could keep his life as long as he remained anonymous and would do a certain amount of work for Soren. Part of the agreement was that if anyone found out the Nukkern’s name, the Nukkern would lose his life.”
“So, his real name is not Nukkern, then?” Ailia asked.
“No. No one except Soren knows his real name,” Silya said.
“So, do any of these other shape-shifters have agreements with Soren too?”
“I do not think so, but I will be the first to admit that I do not know everything.” Silya sat down by Ailia. “How are you feeling?” she asked and smiled, revealing pearly white teeth.
“Much better.” Ailia was feeling much better already and felt that she could start travelling back to Bergendal. She didn’t want to stay too long in this sinister forest. It didn’t seem to be the most welcoming place. “When can we leave?” Ailia asked.
“As soon as we have prepared some supplies and your clothes have dried, I think we can go. Are you feeling well enough to travel though? We could wait until tomorrow,” Silya said.
“I feel great. I’m ready to get going,” Ailia assured, a little too eagerly perhaps.
“Great!  Hannah?”
“Yes,” she said, coming out from the back room.
“Will you be so kind and help us pack our things? Let us put Ailia’s clothes by the hearth so they’ll dry quicker,” Silya said.
“Yes, dear,” Hannah replied. 
They started to pack the blankets and supplies for the trip. Hannah prepared a generous portion of dried horse meat, fish and water in leather skins. Once Ailia’s clothes were dry, they were ready to go.
“Soren told me to give you this before we left,” Silya said, handing Hannah another bag of coins.
“No, I couldn’t,” Hannah said and shook her head. “He already gave me enough to last my whole lifetime!”
“He insisted, so here you go,” Silya said and placed the bag of money on Hannah’s table. “We should be going, so we can utilize the few daylight hours we have, as much as possible. Ailia, Soren told me that you should not put any pressure on your foot for at least two days, so if you would hop on one foot out to the horse with my support, I can lift you up onto Miika.”
“Sure,” Ailia replied, wondering how Silya would be able to lift her up onto a horse. She stood up with Silya’s help and they both hopped through the cabin, out into the snow and stood next to Miika. 
“On three,” Silya instructed, grabbing Ailia around her waist. “One, two, three.” She hoisted Ailia up onto the horse, straining a little bit. Miika was not as tall as Volomite but was extremely thick and stalky and probably weighed the same. 
Soren has certainly picked a sturdy woman to escort me back home. “Thank you for your generosity, Hannah,” Ailia said when Hannah walked out the front door. 
“If you ever travel through again, please come visit,” she said, placing her hands on her heart. “I don’t get many friendly visitors out here.” 
“I sure will,” Ailia said.
Silya signaled to Miika to start walking and they were off into the forest again. 
Ailia waved to Hannah until they reached beyond the first hill. Poor woman. She hated leaving her all alone in these wretched woods. 
After they had travelled for a while, Ailia’s mind wandered back to thinking about Soren. He had promised he would help her find out why there was a connection between Eiess and her and Ailia had believed him. I’m a fool to have believed him, Ailia thought. For now, he had just abandoned her without warning to fend for herself against the most powerful and evil being that walked Midgard. Who can I trust anymore?



16

The Four Sentinors

“So, where do you know Soren from?” Ailia broke the silence that had been hovering uncomfortably in the air since they had left Hannah’s cabin.
“Soren and I have known each other since I was a child,” Silya said, looking at Ailia, sitting on the horse. “We met right after I had been sold into slavery by my uncle. Southerners would come to my hometown, Alta and pay handsomely for strong, young thralls—thralls like me.”
“How horrible,” Ailia said, stunned by Silya’s tragic story. Now she felt sorry for her. 
“After I was sold to a travelling company, who claimed they represented the Southlandic Empress Mumtaz, Soren bought me with sixteen pieces of silver and set me free. I was able to return to my family and I have lived as a free woman ever since.”
“It’s amazing how someone can come into one’s life at exactly the right time and perform miracles like that,” Ailia said, thinking about Soren and her situation with the wolves. “So, was that who Soren was going to see, Empress Mumtaz?” Ailia couldn’t wait to find out. She didn’t want to sound too disinterested in Silya’s story but was dying to know where Soren had gone and wanted to see if Silya would give him away.
“Yes,” Silya answered casually. 
Ailia felt relieved that Soren was not going to visit Eiess. Her facial expression must have given her away. 
“Oh, did you think he was going to see Eiess?” Silya asked and laughed sarcastically. “No, not Soren. He has been working with Empress Mumtaz on a plan to overthrow Eiess. The Southlandic Kingdom is also suffering tremendously because the seasons have stopped. Except, in their case, there is almost no night, only day.”
“Yes, Soren told me. It sounds horrible that one person’s actions can have such a drastic effect on so many innocent people,” Ailia said troubled. “One thing I don’t understand is where Eiess gets all her powers from. Why is she so powerful compared to anyone else?”
“Well, there are many reasons, but what most people do not know is that Eiess also used to be a Sentinor just like Iluxia, Lucia and Soren.”
“Truly?” Ailia asked shocked, still not understanding wholly what a Sentinor was, but never expecting that Eiess would be one.
“Eiess was created in the beginning with the three others, thousands and thousands of years ago. What happened then was never told to anyone in Midgard, except for the Tundra people or, as you call them, the Samis.”
“You are a Sami, right?” Ailia wanted to clarify just to be sure, even though Silya’s dress had Sami written all over it. “Silly question,” she said under her breath, knowing what the answer would be.
“Yes, I am a Sami,” Silya answered without a hint of condescension in her tone. “Many generations ago, our Noaida, Geidun, who is our mediator between the Midgard realm and the spirit realm, was granted a vision by Iluxia. The realms opened to him and he was shown in a fantastic revelation what transpired before the creation of the Aesira bloodline. Four beings were created to be Midgard’s protecting Sentinors: Iluxia, the Sentinor of progress and keeper of the key of the Aesira Jewel; Eiess, the Sentinor of darkness, who gives all of life rest, peace and sleep; Soren, the Sentinor of spiritual and physical healing; and finally, Lucia, the Sentinor of physical and spiritual light.”
Ailia was starting to see a much larger picture of Soren’s deep love and devotion for Lucia. Of course he wouldn’t want someone like me, a young peasant girl who cannot even remember how she ended up on the glaciers. She felt foolish to have feelings for him, but she still couldn’t help feeling that she was meant for him. “What about the Sun Queens, the keepers of the Aesira Jewel?” Ailia wondered.
“First, let me tell you about what happened to Eiess,” Silya said. “Eiess and Iluxia were charged to work in perfect harmony, one ruling the sun, the day, growth, energy, light and anything pertaining to progress, increase and development, while the other would rule the night and anything pertaining to rest, slumber, tranquility, harmony, serenity, repose and stillness. As Midgard drew nearer and nearer to the sun, Iluxia’s powers would strengthen; likewise, as Midgard drew further and further away from the sun, Eiess’s powers would increase. Not only that, but as time went on, their powers would increase with each passing solstice. So Iluxia’s powers were strongest at summer solstice eve. Eiess’s—”
“—powers were strongest on winter solstice eve,” Ailia said. “That is why she chose to strike on winter solstice eve, so that her powers would be the strongest, not only on that day, but as long as the dark season prevailed.”
“And how many winter solstice days have we had?” Silya asked sarcastically.
“Way too many,” Ailia replied facetiously. 
Silya looked up at her and laughed heartily. “A person after my own heart!” Silya said. 
Maybe Silya wasn’t so bad after all, Ailia thought.
Silya turned serious again. “Now this part of Midgard stands frozen on the darkest day of the year and will forever, until someone destroys Eiess. Some people believe this is the eternal winter that will ring in Ragnarok. Others believe winter is here to stay and that the gods have cursed us. Either way, Eiess’s powers are growing exponentially every day since the days are in her favor and Iluxia’s powers are remaining constant. Unfortunately, in comparison to Eiess’s powers, Iluxia’s powers are decreasing.” 
 “So, why can’t the other three Sentinors just work together and destroy her?” Something wasn’t making sense, Ailia thought.
“Let me backtrack a bit. First, none of the Sentinors were supposed to come to Midgard’s realm. When Eiess defiantly descended to Midgard, breaking her pact with the other Sentinors, Lucia and Soren were sent to Midgard to bring her back or defeat her if they could not. The difference was that Soren and Lucia had to be born into Midgard by mortal parents and needed to relearn who they were. That is how they became demi-mortals. Eiess found a way to come to Midgard without having to be born and she remembers everything from before mortality.”
“Demi-mortal?” Ailia asked confused.
“A demi-mortal is someone who is half-human, half-Sentinor. When a Sentinor is born into Midgard, he or she becomes more than just mortal. They retain some of their divine powers that mere mortals like you and I do not have. One of their divine powers is that they cannot be easily killed. They also possess special endowments. Take Soren, for example, he is a healer. Lucia has three lives. The difficult part of becoming a demi-mortal is that they have to be born as infants into Midgard and leave behind all knowledge and power until they rediscover them and redevelop them here again,” Silya said.
“So, they don’t remember who they are?”
“No. They need to learn in time, through life’s experiences and they do not remember the pre-mortal spheres, or what they learned there, as the Empress does. Empress was a title she gave herself by the way.” Silya shook her head. “She is really just a self-serving witch. Whatever she is, Eiess does unfortunately remember the pre-mortal sphere and now she is more powerful than anyone.” 
“So, do demi-mortals live longer than an average human?” Ailia wondered.
“No, but Soren was given a potion that Iluxia had procured from the tree of souls to extend his life, so that he could remain in Midgard until Lucia succeeded in destroying Eiess. They knew it would be a nearly impossible thing to accomplish, so she was granted three lives.”
“How long will Eiess live?” Ailia asked.
“Eiess will live forever if she wishes. She is not a mortal, or even a demi-mortal, so physical laws do not pertain to her. If Soren and Lucia do not find a way to destroy Eiess this time, which is Lucia’s third and final life, their spirits will dissolve. He does not take it lightly. Now, if they succeed and both live, they will age and die together, returning to Alvheim to continue to live as Sentinors. Their goal now is to gather as many allies as they can.”
“ What about Eiess? She is here and if she is destroyed, who will be the Sentinor over rest, peace and sleep? Doesn’t there need to be one?” Ailia asked.
“Now, that I do not know,” Silya answered. “I am sure Soren knows.”
“Wow, this is just so much more complicated than I ever imagined,” Ailia said pensively, subconsciously reaching for her heart. She knew she had to give up Soren, let him go free and find someone else, someone more suited for a mere mortal like herself. Her heart sunk and she grew silent.

*    *    *

Silya made good time. She was a clever traveller, seeming to know exactly where to go to find the less-encumbered path. They reached the edge of the Small Mountains and entered another even larger forest, the Woodland Forest. The forest floor was flat and easy to travel on. Silya could even pick up a trail here and there, which made walking for both Silya and Miika much more manageable. The Woodland Forest trees were much shorter and further apart than in the Northland Forest and most of them were lifeless, frozen grey-colored Aspen trees. 
After long, they reached the base of a tall mountain. Silya looked in each direction. 
“This is the Vesten River,” she said. The wide river was partially frozen over. “It will not be possible to cross at this point. I think if we head further east, we can cross the river at a more narrow point. I do not want to risk crossing here with you, injured and all.”
Ailia thanked her for the consideration. She didn’t want to experience any more injuries or near-drowning incidents. “I usually come here all the time with my Uncle Brander and yes, I do remember there is a narrowing of the river just a little east of here,” Ailia confirmed as she pointed eastward.
“I am going to set up fire, so we can eat here. Then, we can worry about crossing the river later.” Silya started to pull supplies off of Miika and set them down. She then reached for Ailia and pulled her off the horse. “Sit on this,” she said, guiding her to the bundle of string-tied reindeer furs. 
Ailia took a wobbly step over to the furs and sat down. 
Silya started digging at the snow, removing it with her mitten-covered hands. A campfire was soon lit and water was placed in a small kettle to boil.
“I am making reindeer meat stew. It is my specialty,” Silya bragged. She grabbed a small leather packet and started opening it.
“Sounds delicious,” Ailia said enthusiastically. Her stomach had been rumbling for a while.
“My grandmother showed me how to make it. She was very particular about the order to put the ingredients in. I presume it was some type of superstition on her part. May I share with you a story?”
“Certainly,” Ailia said.
“One time, actually the first time I made the stew on my own, I put the reindeer meat in after the carrots and my grandmother threw the whole stew out. Said it was bad luck if we did not do it exactly like she had taught us. She was a great woman, strong willed and obstinate,” Silya said and laughed. “She just held many superstitions.” After she had unwrapped the package, she started meticulously pulling apart the dried meat that was in it, tossing it into the kettle of hot water. She then added some spices, leaves and some old gnarly looking potatoes. 
Ailia wondered if they were safe to eat, but she didn’t say anything. 
“One day, Grandmother left the house to go to the market, which was about a third of a day’s travel away. When she was almost to the market, she remembered that she had not had anyone throw a cup of water after her when she left. She believed that if someone did not do this, it would mean bad luck for her journey. She turned around immediately and traveled all the way back home. When she arrived, she opened the tent door and announced, 'See, it was bad luck that no one threw water after me in my direction. I had to travel all the way home and missed the market!’” Silya said in a nasally, angry voice, impersonating her grandmother.
Ailia laughed. “My Aunt Unni is also somewhat superstitious. When I was younger, she would never allow me to whistle inside the house. She said that if I did, someone would die somewhere in Midgard.” They both laughed wholeheartedly. It was good to have a friend, Ailia thought.
When they had finished eating their humble meal, Silya gathered up the dirty dishes. 
“Let me help you clean them,” Ailia insisted, as she took a plate and started rinsing it in the snow. 
Silya loaded the horse and put out the fire. 
As Ailia was finishing up with the dishes, she started thinking about some of the things Silya had mentioned earlier. “So, what role does the Sun Queen play in all of this?” Ailia asked.
 “Oh, yes, I nearly forgot. The Sun Queen is the only person who can initiate the Aesira Jewel with Iluxia. Iluxia holds the key to the Jewel. To be a Sun Queen, you have to be a direct descendant of the Aesira bloodline. Princess Lucia is the only one who has that blood running through her veins, as Maud only had one child.”
“Soren told me a little about it,” Ailia said.
“It is the pure bloodline from the beginning of Midgard and the only bloodline directly tied to Iluxia, but that is a whole other story I do not know much about,” Silya admitted. She paused, gazing toward the Trollstein Mountains. “We are just about one and a half day’s journey from Bergendal.” She removed her hat and revealed her thick waist-length black hair. To straighten her messy hair, she pulled a comb out of the purse and ran it through a dozen or so times. She twirled a tan piece of leather string around her hair to make a perfect ponytail and put her red and white wool hat back on. Silya was more beautiful to look at than Ailia had initially thought. Her costume aged her, making her look ten years older than she was. Her smooth olive-colored skin was flawless and her almond eyes tilted slightly up at the edges. 
 “It looks like it is snowing in Bergendal. The snow is not heading in this direction, more east.” She nodded in agreement with herself and then looked at Ailia who had finished the dishes. “Ready?”
 “Yes,” Ailia replied. She was more than ready to be home again. Will my family still be there? She hardly dared think the thought, afraid something could have happened to them.
 Silya gathered the clean dishes, put them in her leather bag and tied the bag onto Miika. “Let me help you get onto the horse again,” she said.
“Have you ever met a Viking?” Ailia asked after she had settled back onto Miika. “I’ve decided I never want to meet one.”
“Yes, I will never forget the day I did. It changed my life forever.” 
“What happened?” Ailia wondered.
“It is a long, gruesome story; are you sure you want to hear?”
“Yes, please. If you don’t mind, of course,” Ailia said, not deterred by Silya’s warning.
Silya walked on for a while in silence before she spoke. “Our people, the Samis, had been driven from their land by the barbarians of the south, left without homes, lands, or rights. It was a time before the Vikings had a name, a time when such plundering, murders and rapes were uncommon, especially among the peaceable Sami people. The unnamed savages came upon us one winter. The first thing they did was amass the youngest of the young, piling them as logs one on top of another, crying, screaming with their aching voices, freezing, naked on the snow. They grabbed each infant by the ankles, flinging the poor newborn into the air, running to impale the child on the tips of their swords. I have never been able to erase the images from my memory, or the feelings of fear, rage and compassion from my heart—rage and fear for the Vikings and compassion for the babies. The horror of such a thing ever happening to one of my own children frightened me into never birthing any.”
Ailia had never heard of such horridness. “That’s awful!” she said.
“Among the children—” Silya continued. “—was my newborn baby brother, Hansa. He was the most beautiful child you could imagine, with black coarse hair and steel blue eyes. His olive complexion looked golden in the sunlight on the autumn day he came to be birthed. My mother, so proud for having produced a son after three daughters, treasured him beyond compare. His first tooth had just appeared the winter the word arrived that cruel raiders were heading in our direction. How could we have known what cruel meant, being a nonviolent people, living simply in our tents, with our reindeer, desiring nothing more of life? 
“Living secure from the schemes of men, protected against their maliciousness by the gods, we had cultivated a thing of immeasurable challenge: that nothing remained ever to be wanted. After the destruction of our land, I had prayed to the guardian of children and asked the only questions my young mind could: Why and how? Why did this happen to us? Why did they do it? How could the gods let this happen to us, to my baby brother? When I approached the Noaidi, our spiritual guide, his response had been clear. He said,
‘It is easy to blame the person responsible for the crime, to hate them and despise them, but when we sit idly by and watch evil happen right before our very eyes and become bound to the person by hate, we become co-conspirators of the wrong. It is a weighty responsibility within each of us to stand up at our time of appointment and fight the battle, so the guilty does not wrongfully and unaware by us, become the power and reigning force and rulers of our lives. 
‘Sometimes to have peace, Silya—’ he had said. ‘—We must fight and even be willing to sacrifice our own lives to stand for what we know in our very soul is right and just. And when we choose to fight that battle and not hate, but rather have faith in truth, in love and in right, we align with our Creator. We become our true selves, the complete form our Maker intended and purposefully created us to be.’”
“That’s so true, but so difficult,” Ailia said.
“At first, I rejected his answer, of course. How could I have done anything other than watch idly by?” Silya said. “I was a victim, bound and bruised, forced to watch while they destroyed precious lives with their gruesome games. Now, years later, I have had a change of heart and understand what he meant. Each day I live, I will fight exactly that battle, choosing faith and not turning to the cunning pulls and calls of fear, hate and revenge. I desire to be free from these demons, which incessantly hound my peace.” She paused and a tear rolled down her cheek. “I can still not stop mourning my brother’s death. I hope one day, when I die, I can meet him again and let him know that his life mattered—that I loved him and that he had a positive influence in my life because he lived.” 
Ailia felt honored to be in such a wise woman’s presence. She didn’t know how Silya had been able to forgive such a horrible act as this one and shrunk, thinking that she most certainly wouldn’t have been so strong.
“You are a strong woman, Silya, with a heart of light,” Ailia said.
Silya looked up. “One day, it will all be set right by the Great Sentinor.”
Ailia didn’t envy the Great Sentinor’s immense responsibility. 



17

Home

Silya and Ailia rode into the outer limits of Bergendal, both riding on Miika’s sturdy back. Ailia had made up her mind to not ask more questions about Soren since she was now convinced that she needed to forget him and move on. 
Silya wanted to keep talking and Ailia didn’t want to be rude, so she kept listening. 
“Our Noaida, Geidun, taught us that the Aesira Jewel is a vital instrument in keeping the seasons balanced in Midgard. Its powers are only engaged on winter solstice eve and summer solstice eve—” 
Ailia’s mind wandered. Four months—Where was I? Bergendal looked the same as it always had during winter time – bare, ashen and dearth—but with a little more wear and tear on some of the longhouses. The mountains surrounding Bergendal were completely white, fully covered in snow and ice. Ailia remembered the Bergendal summer, so lush, fresh and warm. 
Then, glimpses of a small settlement flashed before her eyes. Snow, fire, blood—everywhere, though not here. Ailia had seen things, experienced these things somewhere else, somewhere threatening and cold. Loneliness—Feelings of pain. Where?
“—and the current Sun Queen, who protects and possesses the Aesira Jewel, has the power to complete this ordinance,” Silya said.
Ailia couldn’t help but get drawn back into the story. “Soren told me that he didn’t know where the jewel is,” she said, trying to remain indifferent. 
“Exactly. We are unsure whether or not Lucia actually received the Aesira Jewel before Eiess stormed the castle.”
“Well, don’t you think that Eiess would have gotten hold of it by now if it was there?” Ailia asked.
 “Probably not,” Silya said. “If she would have gotten hold of it, she would have stopped the sun from rising at all and we would see nothing but darkness. She thrives on darkness and cold; it makes her strength accrue.”
“Makes sense,” Ailia said, her eyes scanning her hometown.
“So, tell me about life in Bergendal. I have only been here a couple of times briefly in passing,” Silya said. She slowed Miika’s pace as they passed some villagers along the road.
Ailia waved to them, even though she didn’t know who they were. They looked at her, smiled and waived back. “Welcome,” they said.
 “It’s a wonderful place to grow up. Not that I know much about other towns, but the people here really work together and look after one another.” Suddenly Ailia remembered that her friends had turned their back on her because of her mare dreams. “Well, most people look after one another,” she said. “Over there is the Bergendal Stave Christian Church,” Ailia said, pointing to it. “Over there lives the blacksmith and his wife, who is also a midwife and the best baker in all of Bergendal. Someday you’ll have to taste one of her tarts. They are absolutely irresistible.” Their home looked terribly run down, Ailia noticed. “Over there is the town’s cobbler. He makes fabulous foot wear and he’s also a great tailor. He actually made these,” Ailia said, lifting up her left foot to show Silya her boot. “Well, they used to look good,” Ailia said, noticing how disheveled it looked.
“Still, not bad though,” Silya said.
“Take this road here.” Ailia pointed to the right. 
Silya steered Miika to the right and merged onto the next road. It was lined with a wood fence to keep travelers off the field and to keep cattle in—though there were no cattle to be seen. The vast field was divided into sections, each owned by peasants or farmers. 
“We’re almost at my house. It’s the next one here.” Ailia excitedly pointed the way. Smoke rose from the shaft in the roof. It looked like her family was home. Ailia breathed a sigh of relief. The house was built of oak planks with a straw roof. Everything from the barn to Uncle Brander’s outdoor workstation looked exactly the same, but Ailia felt like something was distinctly different. The entrance door had a round metal handle in the center of it and was situated underneath a triangular archway. A beam between the archways had the following engraving: 

Trust no man so well that you trust not yourself better

Below the engraving hung the name of the farm ‘Brandersgaard’ inscribed onto an old wooden frame. 
Ailia tried to think of what she would say when she met Aunt Unni and Uncle Brander and how she could explain how she couldn’t remember how she had ended up in the glacier cave far away from home, or where she had been for the past four months. Maybe they would know more about her unexplainable disappearance. “Here we are!” Ailia said and exhaled. I’m home.
Silya pulled the reigns and stopped the horse a little ways away from the entrance door. “Very nice,” Silya said after jumping off the horse. She led Miika to the barn to station her there, but it was full. Three horses stood in the stable. “These are the King’s horses,” Silya said in amazement. “This is either a really good thing or a really bad thing. Is there something you are not telling me?” 
“No. I’ve never met anyone from the castle and it’s been months since I’ve been home,” Ailia said. 
Silya helped Ailia off the horse, took Miika by the reigns and tied her to one of the many soaring pine trees next to Brandersgaard. “Let me enter first,” she said, grabbing her bow and an arrow and signaling with her head for Ailia to follow her. 
Ailia thought it was unnecessary, but she complied with Silya’s request. 
Silya vigorously knocked on the door and stepped back, her hand clenched tightly around her weapons. 
Unni opened the door. “Can I help you?” she said, looking at Silya rather suspiciously.
“Aunt Unni!” Ailia blurted out and ran into her arms.
“Ailia?” Unni said.
Ailia thought her aunt looked as if she had seen a ghost. 
“You’re alive? Where have you been? Oh, we have missed you so much! Are you hurt? You are limping!” Unni gasped. “Brander, get out here now!” she yelled over her shoulder. Unni studied Ailia from head to toe, hugging her in between.
Brander rushed to the door. “Ailia? Ailia!” he said, nearly pushing Unni over to get to her. “Where in Midgard have you been?” 
“I was just asking her that before you nearly floored me,” Unni said, jerking her elbow gently into his side.
“How many months?” Ailia asked, wanting to confirm how long she had been missing.
 “It was four months last week. Oh, my dear, I’ve been worried sick over you, child.” Tears started streaming down Unni’s lightly creased face. She hugged Ailia again and again.
“I thought the Vikings had taken you away for good, or that you had run away because we were going to marry you off to someone you didn’t want to marry,” Unni said. “I remember in horror the day you vanished without a word. Oh Ailia, I thought I would never see you again. It was the scariest, worst, just most horrible experience of my life.” She started crying again.
“Where have you been?” Brander asked again. He looked shocked.
Ailia didn’t quite know what to say. “I—I don’t remember. I thought maybe you would know what happened to me.”
“You don’t remember anything?” Unni asked.
“No, just being here with you and then nothing,” Ailia said.
Unni’s worried emerald eyes connected with Brander’s. 
“Well, let’s talk about it later,” Brander said and placed both hands on Unni’s narrow shoulders.
“Yes,” Unni sniffled and clasped Ailia’s hand in both of hers. “Come inside, you must be starving and exhausted. It doesn’t make for a very good combination.” 
“This is Silya. She helped me get back home safely,” Ailia said, pulling Silya’s arm.
“A pleasure to meet you and thank you for bringing our Ailia back to us in one piece,” Unni said and hugged her warmly.
“Oh, you are welcome,” Silya said, looking hesitant to hug her back.
 “Well, almost one piece,” Brander blurted out. “Would you look at how skinny she has gotten?”
“We will have to feed you some extra helpings,” Unni said as she brought them inside.
They unloaded their outerwear in the entryway and sat down in the dim main room. Lanterns lighted the room, one in each corner and a strong hearth burned in the middle of the floor. Unni had decorated every corner of every room with paintings, fabrics, statues and embroideries. One of the walls held all of Brander’s weapons, which weren’t few, and many more than Ailia could remember him having. He must have gotten some new ones recently.
“We saw horses outside that belonged to King Olav—?” Silya prodded.
“Yes, just one moment. I’ll get the guests. They arrived right before you did.” Brander stepped out of the main room and into the back room.
“We wanted to make sure you weren’t Eiess’s Surtorians, so we hid our guests in the back room,” Unni said, somewhat nervously. “I have rosehip tea ready, anyone?”
“Yes, please,” both Ailia and Silya said in unison. A warm cup of tea sounded heavenly, Ailia thought. 
Ailia noticed the main room had subtle changes throughout. Fresh wood covered the entrance walls and the ceiling and walls seemed thicker than before. Brander returned quickly with four guests, two middle-aged men and two women—one young and one elderly. Everyone stood up from their seats to greet the guests.
“This is the wonderful Bishop Peter,” Unni said, resting her hand on his shoulder. “Ailia, you remember him from church, right? This is Ivar, one of King Olav’s former guards. He is not associated with Eiess.” She took his hand in hers and squeezed it, a grateful expression in her face. Then she walked over to the two women and gestured to the older one. “This is Nora, Queen Maud’s former head servant and finally, Princess Lucia,” she said, gesturing to the other. 
Both Silya and Ailia looked at each other. 
Ailia curtsied deeply. “Your Majesty, it’s an honor to meet you,” she said surprised and impressed at the same time. She’s alive? What is she doing here? Looking at her, Ailia thought Princess Lucia was absolutely beautiful. Though Lucia had dark circles under her eyes and a few scabs on her face, she was still gorgeous. With platinum blond hair and baby blue eyes, slightly tilting upward, she must receive a lot of attention from men. 
Silya walked over to Lucia. “You are alive! You are still alive!” Her voice exuded elation. “We did not know whether Eiess had killed you or not, but now I find renewed hope in knowing that you are still alive. Soren will be so pleased!” She bowed and kissed Lucia’s bandaged hands.
Silya’s last comment stung a little, Ailia had to admit.
Lucia pulled Silya up by her hands. “We are all equals here and now,” she said and smiled.
After Ailia had introduced herself to each of the guests, Brander said to Nora, “Well, why don’t you tell them why you are really here?” He sounded unusually excited, Ailia noticed.
“Let’s all have a seat. This is going to be an exciting evening.” Unni aimed them toward the benches around the hearth. They settled in and glanced at each other over the rising flares, each of their faces glowing and moving with the flames.
“Well, let’s not wait forever,” Brander said. He sat on his undersized stool and rubbed his hands briskly together. 
Nora started. “First, this information must not be shared with anyone outside this room. I have known about this information for many years, but even Lucia just learned about it. You must all promise that you will never reveal any of what is spoken here tonight to anyone, no exceptions!” she said solemnly. “If this information leaks out and Eiess hears about it, we are all doomed.” Her wrinkly, but clear eyes pieced everyone on the room.
“Don’t you think you are being just a little intense?” Brander said and laughed.
“No!” Nora replied rather harshly. “No,” she said more softly this time. “If this information leaks out to Eiess, Ailia’s and Lucia’s lives will be endangered and could lead to death, which will result in Eiess’s victory. One cannot be too intense when it comes to these matters.”
Ailia tried to keep up with all the details, but she quickly became confused. She sensed that this was no commonplace meeting, nor were any commonplace people attending the meeting. What do I have to do with it—if anything?
“You have all proven your worthiness and shown your commitment to the better cause, choosing to fight for freedom and the power of liberty for all of humanity.” Nora turned to the Bishop first, clasping her wrinkled hands as she began to speak. “Bishop Peter, you helped Lucia and I after she escaped from Eiess’s imprisonment. You have fought our fight and put your life at risk.” She then turned to Silya. “Silya, I had not expected you to be here. I am so pleased that you are. You have shown great courage and have been there to support Ailia, guiding her safely back home. You have been a great friend to Soren for a long time. I have known Soren and Silya for many, many years—” she said, turning her attention to the others. 
How does she know Soren and Silya?  Ailia thought. 
“—and they have both worked tirelessly for the continued freedom of this kingdom and this people, whether they be thralls, freedmen, chieftains, or kings. I would entrust anybody in their safekeeping. Thank you for bringing our Ailia back safely to us,” Nora said, looking back at Silya. Her heavily creased eyes filled with tears. 
“Thank you?” Silya said, looking puzzled.
Nora cleared her throat and continued. “Ivar, as a man of honor, strength and dignity, loyal to King Olav to the end—”
The end? Ailia thought. So does that mean the King is dead?  
“—I am grateful to have you here with us tonight. You were the one who brought our beloved Ailia to Unni and Brander one clear, cold night many years ago. A new babe, so innocent, so beautiful and full of life and love, she was. Only you, King Olav, Queen Maud and Iluxia knew who she was. Much of her being alive today is due to your silence, your diligence and your effort.”
Brander pitched in, “You’ve always been a man of few words and it has served us all well!” 
Everyone laughed. 
This isn’t what my aunt and uncle told me. Ailia grew worrisome. Something wasn’t right.
Nora turned to Unni and Brander. “Unni and Brander you did not know then what you found out today. Thank you for keeping Ailia for us all these years and for raising her as your own.”
 Ailia was listening intensely. What do they mean about my true identity? Do I have a different one than what I have been raised as?  
Nora continued. “Lucia, my precious princess, your name meaning Bearer of Light, but not because you are the Great Sentinor, but because you do indeed bear the burden of Light, her identity concealed in your name, hidden by your image. This is all revealed in the late Queen Maud’s and King Olav’s writings.” Nora paused and nodded encouragingly to Lucia. “The letter?”
Lucia took out a scroll and handed it to Ailia. 
Ailia was perplexed. “A letter for me? But it is addressed to Lucia, her Royal Highness of Bergendal. Why should I read it?”
Unni nodded. “You’ll see,” she said, tears welling up in her eyes. She looked proud.
“Now, Ailia,” Nora said formally. 
Ailia looked up at everyone one by one. The room had grown completely silent and they were all looking at her, waiting for her to read the letter.
Nora continued. “Ailia, read the letter. It was meant for you as much as for Lucia.”
“I don’t understand; I’m not anyone important, I’m just a, just—a girl, a peasant girl,” she said. That’s my identity.
“No, you’re not just a peasant girl, Ailia,” Bishop Peter said. 
“The Bishop is right. You will understand who you are when you read this,” Nora encouraged. 
Unni and Brander nodded, both smiling proudly now.
Ailia peered down at the letter and started reading out loud. She had to pause several times throughout the letter to try and grasp its message and to get assurance from Lucia and Nora that it was indeed the truth. When she finished reading, she looked up and sighed deeply. Who am I truly? Human or demi-mortal? Just a young maiden or the Great Sentinor of whom Iluxia had prophesied would be born three times to terminate Eiess. She almost dared not think the thought of the latter, for if she did, she could no longer afford to live the life of freedom and preference that she had always imagined and wanted. 
“I had no idea,” Ailia finally said, still trying to grasp the realism of the letter. “I mean, I always felt there was something important missing in my life, but I always assumed that void was there because my parents died when I was young and I never got to know them. I just thought I would always feel this void because I couldn’t remember them.” She lowered the letter, feeling the smooth scroll beneath her fingertips.
“Now you know,” Lucia said, as she stood up and walked to greet Ailia. 
Ailia worried that Lucia would be bitter, harboring anger and resentment toward her since their parents had used her to protect Ailia. 
“I always felt that I was not the Great Sentinor—that my mission was different than yours—and now it makes perfect sense. I know this all sounds strange and new and I cannot imagine what you are feeling. I am so glad that I have a sister, a beloved relative who is alive and well and who is here, now finally standing in front of me after all these years,” Lucia said. 
Everything did start to make sense now, why she had always felt she didn’t belong among her friends, why Eiess was after her, even though Eiess didn’t know her true identity. Eiess probably sensed that Ailia possessed powers far greater than any mortal in Midgard and that is why she was after her. Now her feelings for Soren made sense too. He was a Sentinor too, her Sentinor, her soul mate, her Spiritus Amor. “So, does that make me a—demi-mortal?” Ailia asked somewhat lightly. 
Everyone laughed.
“It’s a deceiving name for a reason. It sounds like you’re only half mortal, less than mortal, but what most people don’t know is that the other half is a Sentinor,” Bishop Peter said. 
“Yes,” Silya said, nodding. “I suppose it does make you a demi-mortal. All along I was traveling with you not knowing—”
“Did you know anything?” Ailia asked Silya.
“No. Well, I sensed that there was something about you. When Soren wanted to get away from you, I knew he was not being completely open with me. He must have felt your presence, felt that there was a connection between you two. He must have gotten scared and left, thinking that he needed to be true to Lucia, who he thought was—well—you,” Silya said.
Ailia felt relieved and looked at Lucia. She thought she saw a tinge of pain in her sister’s smiling eyes. Did she know him? Did she love him? She didn’t know Lucia well enough to read her subtle expressions.
Unni left the room for a brief moment and came back holding a small gold and silver Borre-style designed chest. “Ailia, this is for you from your father, King Olav,” she said and handed it to her. 
Ailia reached for it and lifted the chest out of Unni’s hands. 
“It opens like so,” Nora said, helping Ailia unlock the box. Inside was the ring that King Olav had written about in the letter. 
Lucia, standing right next to Ailia, lifted her right hand ever so gracefully and showed Ailia her ring. “See,” she said. It was an exact match. 
Ailia reached into the chest, grabbed the ring and put it on. Lucia and Ailia looked at each other and smiled and then they embraced as sisters for the first time.
“This is not all,” Nora said. “There was another scroll inside this one. It was addressed to you, Ailia.” Nora handed it to her. The scroll’s seal was still intact. “From your mother, Queen Maud, before she died” she said.
“Thank you,” Ailia said, receiving the letter, reading her mother’s handwriting ‘Ailia’. She lifted it close to her heart, clutching it with her hands, fighting back her tears. She had dreamt of hearing her mother’s words her whole life, or of having something, anything from her. Now, that something was in her hands. “I think I would like to read it alone—later, if that’s all right?” she said as she held onto it.
Brander started objecting, but before he could get a word in, Unni interrupted. “Of course, we understand Ailia,” she said. “Right, Brander?” she finished, speaking under her breath, peering over at him with one brow peaked.
“Oh, well, uh, yes, we understand,” Brander said. 
“I must remind everyone in this room—” Nora said. “—that no one else must come to find out about what has been spoken here tonight. The fewer people who know, the less risk there is of Eiess finding out. As you all know, Eiess can enter your dreams and pull out important information, so anyone she knows, any Sentinors, demi-mortal or not, could possibly leak the information. Tell no one, especially not Soren yet. He is one of the Sentinors Eiess is incessantly pursuing.” She looked at Ailia and Silya as she spoke.
Ailia’s heart dropped in her chest. She had wanted to share the information with Soren as soon as she could, but she knew it was the right thing to keep it confidential until a lot more had been solidified. Besides, he wasn’t there anyway.
Unni prepared repast for everyone and they had a great time getting to know each other. Shortly after repast, Bishop Peter thanked Uncle Brander and Aunt Unni for the lovely evening, excused himself and bid farewell. “One must retire early to bed and be early to rise,” he preached to the guests. 
The remaining party ended the evening by playing the board game Hnefatafl, with Brander winning. He prided himself as the master in Bergendal of Hnefatafl and had never lost a game, or so he claimed. Unni started pulling out the bench-beds to sleep on and set them up against the walls inside the main room.
“Why don’t you two sleep over there,” Unni said to Ailia and Lucia, pointing to the far back area. “You probably have a lot to catch up on.” 
They walked over and sat down on the floor close to the bench-beds, anxious to get to know each other even more.
“So what happened to your hands?” Ailia asked concerned. “I hope it doesn’t make you self-conscious that I ask.”
“No, not at all. I was outside for too long and I developed frostbite. Bishop Peter had to saw off part of my pinky and ring finger, but he was able to save the rest.” She showed Ailia the bandaged up hand. “I lost three of my toes too, both pinkies and the one toe on my left foot next to the pinky toe.”
“Oh, wow, did it hurt? It must have hurt. That was a silly question,” Ailia said with compassion in her voice, yet unable to hide her distress.
“It hurt, but it is healing well,” Lucia said. “How is your foot healing up? Silya said that you were attacked by wolves?” 
“Oh, it was the scariest thing I have experienced, well, at least until I was almost drowned by the Nukkern!”
They exchanged many stories and details of their lives into the night. Finally, they decided to go to bed. Lucia fell asleep first. Ailia tried to sleep, but she couldn’t wait any longer to read the letter her mother had written to her. Her heart fluttered in her chest as she opened the sealed scroll. She went out to the main room again to get some light from the burning hearth.

My dearest Ailia,

Please forgive me for giving you away at birth. I have spent endless nights worrying about you, thinking about you and asking myself if, by giving you up, I have done the right thing. My intent in doing this was to keep you safe, so you may grow up and finally fulfill your destiny. I am harrowed up inside that I will not have the opportunity to raise you, to see the magnificent person you will become and to know all your quirks that will make you so endearing and unique. I wish I could hear the words ‘Mamma’ spoken from your precious lips, hear your tender voice laugh for joy and cry for comfort. I had yearned for you to come into my life for many, many years and it has caused me much pain to have to give you away, even on the same day that you were born, without holding you or being in your awesome presence.
I had hoped I would meet you one day, but now it looks like I will not survive this second pregnancy. The decision to send you away was the most difficult decision Olav and I have ever had to make, but I also believe that out of our great sorrow and pain, will come our greatest joy. I would not change my decision if I had the chance again; I would not give all my pain away, all my sleepless nights or all my lonely moments, to have you back. If I did, you could not have the opportunity to fulfill your destiny and that is the most important thing I can provide for you.
 Your identity is your most important possession, knowing where you came from and who you are. You must keep your identity a secret from the world, no matter what. Only a few can know who you are—the few who will support you, guide you and help you fulfill your destiny and your perilous journey, for it will be a perilous one. 
I have compiled and written detailed and sacred scrolls that will teach you the truth about who you are and where you came from. Not even your father knows the whole truth. These writings also contain vital information about our Aesira lineage and what you need to do in order to defeat Eiess. You must find these writings. I have not written down where they are hidden intentionally, in case this letter falls into the wrong hands. 
Lucia is a good person, Ailia, but I must warn you. I have had a vision in which she betrays you. That is hard for a mother to say, but the most important thing is that you succeed as the Great Sentinor.
Understand this, my daughter: from the moment you were born, I knew that you would succeed. I believed in your greatness. I believed that you would finally conquer Eiess and correct the evils and suffering that she has caused since nearly the beginning of Midgard. I will always be a part of you, taking every step with you, speaking every truth with you and fighting your battles with you, right there beside you, in front of you, behind you and in your heart.

Your loving mother, Maud.

At the bottom of the letter was a saying:
A wise woman seeks after the words of her parents in life and in death.

Ailia could hardly believe that she finally knew who her mother was and that she had read a letter from her. She dared not believe that she was a princess and even more, the Great Sentinor. It seemed too much to take in for a peasant girl from Bergendal. 
Her heart pounded as she thought of the great responsibility that had been placed on her shoulders. The letter from her mother rang true in her mind and in her heart. She knew she could challenge and destroy Eiess, but what she did not know was how. She needed to find the Aesira Scrolls and Aesira Jewel, so she could figure it out. 
The forewarning about Lucia surfaced for a moment. Lucia would never betray me, would she? Ailia pressed her lips against the letter as tears flowed freely from her eyes. She was happy. She had come home.




18

Forgotten Past

 “Breakfast?” Unni asked, holding up a ladle. She smiled warmly to Ailia who had just entered the smoky, fire-lit room. Unni was always in a good mood. She was steady as a flowing river, calm and deep.
Sigrid, their thrall, was busy cleaning up animal lard and cooking utensils. She hobbled around and was singing a tune.
“Of course, your breakfasts are always so tasty!” Ailia said and sat down on a beat up, old wooden stool next to the crackling, hot hearth. 
Silya had stayed overnight and slept in the main room on a bench-bed next to the wall and she too, was to Ailia’s surprise, still sleeping. Ailia was glad that Silya had decided to stay another few weeks. She felt safe around her and besides, it was her closest connection to Soren at the moment.
“So, were you able to get any sleep last night?” Unni asked, stirring the horsemeat stew in the massive black cauldron.
“Well, Lucia and I did stay up late and talk. Then, I had to read the letter from my—birth mother.” Unni had been the mother who raised Ailia, who had wiped away her tears, who had babied her wounds and who had taught her everything she knew up until this point. It felt strange calling anyone else by that honorable name and Ailia didn’t want to hurt Unni’s feelings. “So, maybe half a night’s sleep?” she guesstimated, her voice rising at the end. She tucked her cold hands in between her legs and the bench to warm them.
“Well, there’s so much new information.” Unni exhaled slowly. She paused and placed her hands on her hips with the ladle clasped in her right fist. “You were right, after all, about having a special purpose. I feel bad that I ever doubted you.”
“I’m not upset. Of course you didn’t know,” Ailia said. “Did you know anything about where I came from at all, any hint or clue?” 
“No, Ivar is the most loyal man I have ever met. He never alluded to where you were from. I’m just as surprised as you are. When he brought you to us, he just said that your parents had died in a neighboring village of the smallpox and that you needed a new home and someone to raise you as their own. I never thought that your parents might still be alive and I never imagined that you were a princess, or something called a Great Sentinor,” Unni said, leaning in close to Ailia as she whispered. Then, she backed off and spoke normally again. “Brander and I were thrilled when he brought you to us because we were never able to have any of our own children.” 
Ailia thought she remembered Ivar from her childhood. “So, did you know Ivar well before he brought me to you?” Ailia asked. She accepted a ladle from Aunt Unni filled with stew. She loved it when she got to sample the salty, savory stew.
“Well, no, but we did know of him and had met him on a few occasions. He was my distant cousin’s best friend.”
“You mean Gunnar?” Ailia asked surprised.
“Yes,” Unni said. “Well, they were best friends, like family almost, before Gunnar befriended Eiess. After that, sadly, their friendship ended,” Unni said, shaking her head. “There was a lot more to the story, but Ivar won’t talk about it. I think he was too hurt and too pained by their broken friendship. I have just pieced together information to try and figure out the story.” She lifted the heavy cauldron off the hearth. Ailia stood up to help her.
“I always wondered what happened to Gunnar. He was such a happy man, kind and fun. He’d always play with me when I was a child. I remember I used to love it when he came over,” Ailia said straining, not anticipating how heavy the cauldron would be. “What a sad story.”
“Yes, it’s a sad tale. He somehow disowned his wife, Ragnvei, of only a few weeks. His reason was that he didn’t approve of her new religion. She had turned to the Christian faith and he despised her for it. Then it was just as if Ragnvei couldn’t take any more of her life and she jumped off Odinseat, killing herself on the sharp cliffs.
Ailia felt shivers through her spine.
“Shortly after that Gunnar left to be with the Vikings. I personally think she was heartbroken,” Unni speculated. “Terrible man, terrible,” she said, squinting her eyes.
“What a tragic story,” Ailia said. “I feel so sad.”
“Yes, poor Ragnvei. She just married the wrong man, who joined the Vikings of all things, and had a lot of pain in her life. Now tell me more about what actually happened to you.” Unni sat down on the same stool Ailia had sat on earlier. 
“I actually found a handkerchief with a raven embroidered on it in the cave where I woke up,” Ailia said. “Let me get it.” She ran and got it. “I also found this.” She showed Unni the empty flask.
Unni took the flask. “You know, I’m so relieved that you didn’t run away. I thought you had maybe decided to run away when we were going to marry you off to Geir. I felt so guilty for having mentioned that I almost ran away when my parents picked Brander for me,” Unni said.
“I would never have run away,” Ailia said. 
“Geir is happily married again, so no need to worry about him any further.” 
“I’m glad to hear,” Ailia said, relieved she didn’t have to deal with that situation anymore.
Unni took the flask and smelled it. “No scent, strange, it could be anything,” she said, handing it back to Ailia. “So, there’s a likely connection with your disappearance and the Vikings.” 
“I just hate not remembering anything about my disappearance. I could always go back to the Viking settlement and—” Ailia started.
“Don’t even think those thoughts!” Unni said furiously, her eyes suddenly intense. “The memories will probably come back to you soon enough.”
“And if they don’t?” Ailia asked.
“Then, good riddance! You don’t need to remember the bad to move forward in your life. Just count it as a blessing that you don’t remember. Do you really need to know?”
“No, but my curiosity is haunting my mind!” Ailia said impatiently. 
Unni smiled. “Oh, Ailia.”
“I know what you’re going to say,” Ailia said.
“Well, I won’t say it then. Let’s talk about something else, shall we?” Unni suggested. 
Ailia looked at her new ring.
“Lovely ring, don’t you think?” Unni noted.
“Yes. I feel it connects me to my parents in a way. It also makes me sad.” Ailia said. She studied her ring, thinking that just a little while ago, her father had been alive. “My father, oh, had I known, I would have given anything to have met him.” Ailia buried her face in her hands and cried silently. She finally looked up. “Are you sure he is—gone?” 
“Yes, Ivar confirmed it yesterday.” Unni walked over to Ailia and sat next to her. 
“Do you know what happened to his body?” Ailia asked, not knowing if she felt strong enough to hear the details if they were presented to her.
“Ivar said that Eiess disposed of it. Are you sure you want to know?” Unni asked.
“Yes, I need to hear how he died and how he was treated,” Ailia said, feeling stronger now. 
“Eiess dismembered him and displayed his body parts all over Bergendal as a warning to anyone who would challenge her,” Unni said bluntly.
“Does Lucia know?” she said, feeling she needed to protect her sister.
“Yes, she knows,” Unni said sadly. “Brander went around with Bishop Peter and collected the remains. They gave him a proper burial right next to your mother.”
“I would like to visit them soon,” Ailia said. “Both burials, I mean.”
“When you go there, just know there is no stone or anything that marks your father’s grave. This was done to protect Brander, Bishop Peter and King Olav’s grave. I can show you where it is on Sunday, if you would like.” 
“I’d like to go sooner than that,” Ailia said. 
“How about Brander take you early tomorrow morning?” Unni said.
“I would like that.” Ailia said, comforted her father had received somewhat of a proper burial.
“If it’s any consolation at all, remember your father wanted to remain unknown by you. He realized the danger in meeting and knowing you. It was the only way to truly protect you. It must have been the most difficult, yet the most heroic, thing he had ever done. He sacrificed his life, so you could complete your life’s purpose. He gladly surrendered everything, so that you could have a chance to triumph.” Unni placed her arm around Ailia, tenderly stroking her back. “He made that his ultimate purpose and he succeeded.”
Ailia laid her head to rest on Unni’s shoulder. She thought about all the times she had cried on Aunt Unni’s shoulder before and how this time was so different from all those other times. “Oh, Aunt Unni, if there were any other way,” she said, letting the tears flow freely.
“I know, my love, I know,” Unni replied.



19

The Viking

“I’m so pleased to hear that you’ll be staying longer,” Unni said to Nora and Lucia the next day after breakfast. Watered-down sop, the daily morning meal, had just been devoured.
“Thank you for having us. I know there will be more mouths to feed, but we will happily do our part, right Lucia?” Nora said, eyeing her.
“Absolutely—that is—if you will be patient with me as I learn. I am not accustomed to working, but I am excited about learning how to run a household,” Lucia said, picking up a rag, shaking it in her hand. Lucia knew the peasant life was not for her and she was not really interested in learning anything as degrading as chores.
“Well, it will be Ailia’s and my pleasure to teach you about how to become an outstanding homemaker, maybe even the best in Bergendal!” Unni said.
Lucia laughed facetiously. “I am not laughing because I do not believe I could become the best, but because I have such a long way until that point.”
Silya stood up from her chair. “I will be staying for another week or so and then I will have to be on my way back to my family in Alta,” she said.
“You may stay as long as you please. I know Ailia is truly enjoying your company,” Unni said, picking up the bowls off the table.
“Why did she not join us for breakfast?” Silya asked. 
“She wanted to visit her parents’ graves, so she and Brander went early this morning. She said she’s searching for clues on the rune stone to where the scrolls might be,” Unni said.
What about me? Lucia did not like Ailia’s self-centered attitude, but did feel a little sorry for her sister. “At least I had time with my parents and knew them. I feel for Ailia. I wish I could be more of a support for her,” Lucia said. She stood up and watched the others clear the table. 
“Oh, you are already a great support,” Unni said. “Just you being here has changed Ailia’s life and the friendship you two are developing means everything to her. She really enjoys having a sister she can relate to. It makes the loss of her parents so much more endurable.”
I will never be able to relate to a peasant. “Yes, she does talk to me about many things,” Lucia added. Too many. “I hope I am the sister she deserves. I am trying to be, anyway.” 
 “Ah, there you are, Brander,” Unni said as her husband entered. “The wall over there needs patching up,” she said, pointing to the back corner where the loom sat. “Cold air is seeping through the wall and Sigrid is complaining about it. You know how she gets once she gets going.”
Brander rolled his eyes. “I know exactly how she gets—martyr wouldn’t even begin to describe her.”
“When you are done with that, please make sure the firewood is filled. It’s getting a little low,” Unni added.
“Yes, my queen,” he said cheekily, bowing as if he were her servant. 
Ailia walked in. “My, are you declaring your subservience to Unni?” she said. 
Unni didn’t reply to him at all, but rather ignored him. “Ailia, today would be a great day to teach Lucia how to milk the cow and make porridge,” she said.
“I am a thrall unto my queen,” Brander said, continuing to bow in circles around her.
Lucia giggled. They are cute. Simpletons, but cute. 
“She has captivated my heart,” Brander continued playfully, pulling Unni in for a hug.
Unni smiled. A twinkle lit her emerald eyes. “I love you too, Brander,” she said and kissed him briefly. “So anything on your parents’ gravestones Ailia?”
“No,” Ailia said, looking disappointed. “Nothing.”
“Well, I’m sure something will surface eventually,” Unni encouraged. “Just be patient.”
Lucia did not think Ailia was looking in the right places, but she was not going to say anything, being after the scrolls herself. Ailia did not deserve the scrolls. She was really just a peasant and technically, Lucia was the Queen of the Northlandic Kingdom, or soon to be anyway. Ailia could never become queen. She had been raised a simpleton and she’d never understand the ways of a ruler. Poor Ailia. Poor peasant girl.



20

Surtorians

This was the third Sunday she had been back home, and meditating helped her calm her fears about the constant threat of Surtorians and Eiess. She loved studying all the paintings and statues in the Bergendal Stave Church each Sunday on her own quiet time. 
The church’s exterior door was set back behind a shallow porch, which held four supporting wood beams on either side. A single copper cross was embedded above the door on the gable roof and two other crosses were also attached to the other two angular rooftops. Simple vine and swirl-type designs adorned the oak entrance door and led into an arrival foyer. Nothing in the foyer was carved or embellished except for the frame around the entrance door to the main chapel. The door itself was tall, narrow and plain. Doorframes on either side had interconnecting patterns of snakes, vines and lizards. 
When Ailia entered the main chapel, she loved looking up into the high, arching and hand-carved ceilings. Life-like images of Jesus, Mary and his disciples were everywhere. The nearly nude Crucifix hovered with a silent, suffering expression above the platform, gazing down onto the churchgoers where they sat, inviting them to follow. Behind the platform was a circular rotunda with a canopy of brightly painted scenes from the bible and the life of Jesus and inside the rotunda, stood a silk-embroidered linen tablecloth-covered altar. On the left side of the altar was a door to the back section of the church where the clergymen lived. The very narrow hallway behind the door led to a small and simple common room. From there, several rooms branched out.
After church Aunt Unni, Uncle Brander, Silya and Lucia lingered a while longer to speak with Bishop Peter. 
Ailia remained inside to pray. Ailia tried really hard to believe in the new crucified God and his holy mother, Mary. She did agree with the Christian principles more that the Norse ones. The Christian faith seemed softer, more humane and loving and she liked that. She knelt down in the rotunda by the altar. Dear God, please take care of my mother who is in Valh— Heaven. Please forgive me for still doubting whether you exist or not. It’s hard to learn about a new religion. Bishop Peter had taught her how to pray the Christian way. When she had finished her prayer, she stepped outside where the rest of her family was conversing.
“—but after Ragnvei wanted Gunnar to convert to Christianity, Gunnar would have nothing to do with her. He blamed the dead queen for his misfortune, turning his anger on everyone and eventually supported Eiess,” Brander said. 
“Ah, Ailia!” Unni said, welcoming her with a one-armed side hug. “We were just discussing the Vikings,” she said. Then she turned to Bishop Peter again. “I heard there has been another attack on Bergendal. Small as it was, the attacks are happening more frequently and that is concerning. Last week, they raided the Johansen homestead, pillaging and burning the farm to the ground. They left no survivors. I just don’t understand that kind of brutality and for what, money?” Unni’s normally mellow voice was becoming increasingly aggravated as she spoke.
“Well, all we can do is pray and hope they will stop,” Bishop Peter replied. “Eiess certainly won’t defend Bergendal, even though it is off the sweat of our brows that she is able to eat and drink.”
“What do you mean?” Ailia asked. She hadn’t been in the loop of what had happened recently.
Brander turned to her. “Well, it’s a long story,” he said. “I’ll give you the short version. Eiess instituted a city tax of fifty percent on all households. Fifty percent! But she didn’t seem to think that was enough. Right after she took the throne, she organized two alternating traveling crews that would journey to the Southlandic Kingdom every month to pillage wheat, oats, barley and precious metals or jewels to benefit her and her alone. That damned greedy dragon!” Brander spewed.
“Brander! Watch your language in front of Princess Lucia and might I remind you that we are in the presence of a servant of the Lord!” Unni said. 
Lucia chuckled lightly. “It is fine. Do not worry about me. I have heard much worse.”
“Yes, dear. Anyway,” Brander said, looking at Ailia. “No compensation is provided other than the gift of their lives, that is, if they even survive the chancy journey.”
“How do they get picked to go?” Ailia asked.
“Eiess sends her Surtorians out to round up random citizens who become the travelers and then she sends them to the Southlandic Kingdom,” Brander said. “I have heard that is where she sends the huldras too,” he said in a low voice, as he leaned in, his eyebrows rising high. 
“The who?” Bishop Peter asked.
“Now Brander, that’s just some fabrication,” Unni said, shaking her head. “There is no such thing as a huldra. A huldra is just a man’s way of coming up with ways to cheat on his wife. Blame it on the huldra’s magical seductive powers, right?” 
“My father saw one once with his own eyes! Don’t tell me there is no such thing. She was as beautiful as a goddess and irresistible, he said. It is said that a man cannot resist a huldra’s beauty no matter how loyal a husband he is. Her only purpose is to seduce the poor victim, trap him under her spell, so she can bring him to Eiess, who will devour his very soul,” Brander said.
Bishop Peter looked terrified.
“I can see Eiess doing something like that, though,” Lucia said.
“There, see, I knew it!” Brander said.
Unni huffed. “That’s not proof. Lucia was imprisoned the whole time she was in the Northlandic Castle with Eiess and probably didn’t know what was happening downstairs.”
“True,” Lucia said.
“Besides, your father also said that trolls stole his goats, when in reality he had never even had any goats,” Unni said.
“Well, that was one of his delusions. It’s nothing like the huldra story. Anyway, back to the story. Eiess hired the Vikings to do her dirty work. They would head these rampages. Gunnar was one of the Empress’s servants who turned pillaging here. He claimed he was a true Viking. He sailed throughout the Northlandic Kingdom, ambitiously serving his new mistress. He was enormously successful on his first conquest and the Empress rewarded him handsomely. Then, on his second travelling raid, he failed and came back empty-handed. Eiess cast him out of her castle and took back all the prizes she had previously bestowed upon him. He vowed to make her pay one day. Later, I found out that he took his Vikings with him, usurped a small settlement south-east of here, killing all the inhabitants who had previously lived there. They live there still, and his followers are increasing by the day. I hear people from the Vik District are seeking him out.
“Soren and I met a couple of them when we travelled. They mentioned Gunnar’s name,” Ailia said.
“Surtorians,” Lucia whispered.
“What?” Brander said. “Yes, the Surtorians are scary too. I hear Eiess has—”
“No, they are coming! Surtorians are coming! Over there.” Lucia pointed.
Down the road, Ailia could see four of them heading in their direction. It was the first time she had seen Surtorians, at least in this lifetime, and not in a mare dream. They looked exactly like they had in her dreams: black tunics, long, unkempt hair, un-proportionately muscular and their skin was as tawny as amber.
“Ailia, Lucia, get inside the church now!” Brander said.
“Oh Allfather!” Lucia seemed to have frozen where she stood. 
Ailia grabbed Lucia by the arm and pulled her with her toward the church. “Move!” she said. 
Running into the church, Ailia searched for a hiding place.
Bishop Peter came up behind them. “This way,” he said, whisking past them to the back. “There is a room back here they will never think to look in.” He squeezed Ailia and Lucia into a small compartment underneath the stairwell. “Don’t breathe and don’t move, or they’ll find you,” he whispered and shut the door.
Blackness surrounded them. Ailia could hear Lucia breathing heavily.
“They will find us—I know it,” Lucia whispered.
“Shh,” Ailia said. She could hear Lucia struggling not to cry. Then she heard heavy boots stomping the floor. The Surtorians had made their way into the chapel already. 
“We are looking for someone,” a Surtorian said, his voice angry and impatient. “A young woman. She has long blond hair, blue eyes.”
“Haven’t seen anyone like that around here,” Bishop Peter said.
“Do you think I am stupid? I saw someone running into the church with you that fit that very description,” the Surtorian barked.
“Oh, well, she was my daughter. She was frightened of you and ran off into the woods,” Bishop Peter replied.
Ailia heard Bishop Peter groan and then a thud. No! She worried they had stabbed him to death. Creaking boots approached the back.
“I know you are here. Come out now and we will spare your life,” one of the Surtorians said.
“Should we surrender?” Lucia whispered.
“No, are you crazy? They’ll kill us!” Ailia whispered back. 
The footsteps came closer now, stopping right outside their hiding place. Ailia held her breath and squeezed her eyes shut. She thought the Surtorians might be able to hear her heart racing—it thumped so loud. Lucia whimpered. Suddenly, the door flung open. The Surtorian stood in the doorway. He smelled like sweat and blood.
 “There you are!” the Surtorian said.
“Ailia is the Great Sentinor! I am not the Great Sentinor! It is all a lie; she is the one!” Lucia blurted. “Take her I am innocent, I tell you!”
What? Ailia thought. She didn’t have time to think about what Lucia had just done for long. The Surtorian pulled them both out into the hallway by their hair. The three others stood behind the first, grunting and laughing in pleasure to have found their prey.
“Princess Lucia, I am glad to see you again,” the Surtorian said.
“I am not who you think. Ailia is. She is my twin sister and the Great Sentionr. I am just the Sun Queen,” Lucia said.
“I am not here for Ailia. Eiess sent me to get you,” he said.
Ailia heard a loud crash coming from behind them.
“Run, girls, run!” Brander yelled. He had downed one of the Surtorians, stabbing him through and through with his great sword and then quickly stabbed the one holding them in the leg.
Ailia took the opportunity, kneed the Surtorian as hard as she could in the groin and started for the exit door. The Surtorian collapsed to the floor, but he was able to grab hold of Ailia’s skirt and she fell to the floor as he pulled it. Lucia kicked the Surtorian in the face and Ailia was set free. They both bolted toward the exit door and ran outside into the cold winter day. With two Surtorians trailing them, they headed for the woods. 
“We will never make it!” Lucia yelled after Ailia. “They are too quick!”
“Don’t you dare stop running!” Ailia yelled back. She didn’t want to let Lucia know that she too was afraid. “I know of some places we can hide in the woods. Just keep running!” She couldn’t think of one at the moment, but she was sure a good hiding place would show up. Ailia’s throat and lungs burned as she inhaled the chill air. It was hard to run in the slick snow. She fought off the tears of fear and of betrayal. How could Lucia have done this? Even feeling betrayed, she swore to herself that she wouldn’t let the Surtorians have her or her sister. Lucia was falling further behind now and Ailia stopped to grab her hand, pulling it. “Just keep running!” They ran past an old shed and approached the frozen over Bergendal river. There were no places to hide in broad daylight. 
Exhaustion started to set in for Ailia and she looked behind her to see if the Surtorians were still following. Only one was coming up behind them now, but all too quickly. Where did the other one go? For a quarter of a heartbeat Ailia thought she would just give up. Let the Surtorian have her and Lucia. He seemed so strong, so powerful and relentless, just like Eiess. The hesitation cost her valuable time and the distance between them and their slayer was now much shorter. She turned around and kept running. Suddenly, Ailia felt a sharp pain in her right shoulder and fell to the snow. 
Lucia, standing next to her, gasped. “You are hit! Oh, Odin in Valhalla, we are going to die!” 
Ailia looked down and saw an arrow protruding halfway out of her shoulder. Arising, Ailia turned to face her assassin. 
 “Lucia, someone wants to see you,” the Surtorian said, nearing her with his arrow aimed at her and ready to shoot. 
“You cannot have her,” Ailia said stepping in front of Lucia.
The Surtorian dropped his bow and lifted Ailia up by her collar, pushing her up against a tree. 
The pain in her wounded shoulder intensified and she tried to scream, but no sound would come out.
The Surtorian’s face was right in hers now. He panted and gnarled like a wolf. “You think you are something special? That you can tackle me? That you can take away my prize? What Eiess wants, Eiess will get and Lucia is the one she has been looking for.”
“Run Lucia, run!” Ailia yelled. She could no longer see her sister, only the Surtorian in her face. The Surtorian clamped his fists around Ailia’s neck so hard, she couldn’t breathe. She squirmed and kicked, trying to free herself from this devil’s grasp, but air and consciousness was running out too quickly. 
Then, a bloody sword popped out from the Surtorian’s chest. Blood gushed from the Surtorian’s mouth with a cough. He released Ailia and she fell to the snow. She drew air into her lungs and coughed and dodged the Surtorian as he fell to the ground. 
Brander rushed over to Ailia. “You’re hurt,” he said, carefully lifting her to her feet.
“I’m fine,” Ailia said, studying the protruding arrow. “Where’s Lucia?”
“She’s safe. She ran back to the church,” Brander said. “Ailia, go home immediately. Ivar and I need to bury these savages before Eiess links any of us to their disappearance. A few people saw what happened, but they’ll cover for us.” He walked Ailia down to the church where Unni and Lucia waited with Bishop Peter. “Unni, take her home. Ivar and I will be back as soon as we can.”
When Ailia saw Bishop Peter, she said, “I was so worried they had hurt you.” She felt relieved he was safe.
“Not too bad, just a punch in the stomach, that’s all,” Bishop Peter said. “I’ll join you back to Brandersgaard to help tend to your wound.” 

*    *    *

Back home at Brandersgaard, Ailia was glad to finally sit down. Each step on her way back home had inflamed the pain she felt from the arrow and quite a lot of blood had oozed down her nice red Sunday dress and her tan wool overcoat. 
“The arrow has to come out now,” Bishop Peter said, sitting next to her. He wasted no time and didn’t even bother to prepare Ailia. He snapped the arrow in two and pulled it out on either side.
Ailia screamed. The pain was intense, so intense she was surprised she hadn’t fainted. 
“I will need to sew you up so the bleeding stops,” Bishop Peter said.
“How did you learn to be so callous?” Ailia asked, still upset that he had not even bothered to warn her about what he was doing.
“Better not to know sometimes,” he said. “Unni, may I please have some fresh water, lots of clean towels, a needle and some string?”
Unni nodded and left. Soon she came back with the items in hand. She sat down next to Ailia, who had now stretched her body out horizontally on the bench. “Lucia is crying in the back room. She says she feels so bad she gave you away to the Surtorians. She doesn’t even want to show her face to you.”
Ailia took a deep breath. “I’ll talk to her later,” she said. First, she needed to get through the stitches and then, she needed to process what had happened in the church. To say it lightly, Ailia was still shocked that Lucia had betrayed her so quickly.
After another round of torture, Ailia made her way to the back room.
Lucia sat crying in the corner on the floor. She stood up when Ailia came in. “Ailia, I am so sorry I said what I said. I do not know what came over me. I was—so scared and I did not want to go back to the tower to be tortured and then, I just—” She did not finish the sentence, but started crying instead.
“Lucia.” Ailia reached her hand toward her sister. 
“Please, please forgive me, I beg you,” Lucia said, tears trailing down her face. “I will never betray you again, I promise.”
Ailia pulled her hand closer and gave Lucia a soft hug. Her shoulder hurt and she pulled back. “Sorry, my shoulder just really hurts. I forgive you, Lucia.” Ailia knew some part of her heart had been shattered so thoroughly that she thought not even time would mend its brokenness.
That night, Ailia lay awake thinking before sleep took her. She wished Soren was here with her now, to comfort her and support her, but to her great dismay, Ailia’s recollection of Soren had started to fade. She desperately yearned to immortalize the memory of his face, his voice and even his scent in her longing soul. Perhaps, she would never see him again and perhaps it was for the best, allowing her to focus on her plan to destroy Eiess. 




21

Fortune or Fraud

A northern chilling wind swirled briskly through Bergendal as the Eastanine Gypsies rolled their wagons into town. They arrived, playing cheery music, promising fortunes and answers to life’s mysteries, as if one couldn’t figure it out for oneself. All they really sold were illusions and daydreams, but dreams nonetheless. Their old, creaky wagons found a home outside the Bergendal Stave Church, camped in a circle, enclosing a constantly blazing bonfire. The children and elderly were kept inside the wagon ring and as customary, they celebrated into the wee hours of the night with constant music and dance, much to Bishop Peter’s great displeasure. 
Four months had gone by and life had almost become normal again, as normal as it could get, considering all the changes that had happened in Ailia’s life. A steady troupe of Surtorians lingered around Bergendal and Ailia and Lucia had to be careful, so these agents of Eiess wouldn’t spot them. Remaining indoors had started to become frustrating for Ailia and she looked for opportunities to escape. 
So, the moment Ailia found out that the Gypsies had arrived in Bergendal, she knew she had to find a way to have her annual fortune read. Lucia had been somewhat disinterested in Ailia and she had even been sharp toward Ailia on many occasions. Ailia thought having some fun with her sister might be a way to help them connect better. Lucia had been adamant about not going to see the Gypsies at first, but then she finally agreed to come the fourth time Ailia brought it up.
“Are you sure about this?” Lucia said, stopping on their way over to the gypsy tent. She kept her face carefully covered with a scarf. “I just do not have a good feeling about this. What if the Surtorians see us, or what if the Gypsy woman can tell that I am Princess Lucia?”
“Oh, don’t be silly. There’s no way she would know that and besides, you don’t have to have your fortune read. I’ll just do it if it makes you feel that uncomfortable.” Ailia grabbed her by the hand. It was a slow climb up to Bergendal church from Brandersgaard and Ailia dragged Lucia behind her all the way. 
The tent that was set up for the fortune reading was very small, much smaller than Ailia remembered. They both had to duck to get through the entrance. Inside sat a middle-aged woman with a brown and green shawl over her head. Her untidy, below the waist-length hair was as messy as the inside of the tent and her raggedy old red dress was frayed like the tablecloth on the small round table. 
“Ahhh,” the gypsy woman said in a high-pitched tone, rising from her seat. “Welcome, welcome to you two beauties of the Norse world. I is Ivanka, the reader of fates and fortunes.” She deftly maneuvered around the table and kissed both Ailia and Lucia on the cheek. “You are here for reading?” she asked, smiling and raising her eyebrows so her leathery forehead wrinkled. 
Her scent overwhelmed Ailia, stinging her frozen nostrils with the floral perfume. “Uh, yes, uh—I am,” Ailia said, placing her hand on her chest, trying not to cough from the odor. 
“The Princess?” Ivanka said, looking over at Lucia. 
Lucia coughed, her eyes lightening at Ailia. 
Does she know Lucia is a real Princess, or does she just call everyone Princess? Ailia thought. Well, she didn’t call me Princess, even though I am, so it’s probably just a term of endearment to make more money.
“No thank you,” Lucia finally said.
“Ok, then we start. You—for free,” Ivanka said, gesturing to Lucia. “You—one silver coin,” she said, pointing at Ailia with her right hand, while pointing her left index finger up. Her hands were covered with thin wool mittens, which could hardly be thick enough to protect them from the cold.
Ailia pulled a coin out of her pocket and placed it in Ivanka’s hand. “Here you are.” She smiled, excitement filling her body. She did not understand why she felt so excited about this; she knew the reading was not real. It was entertainment—at best.
Ivanka studied the coin for a moment and then smiled generously. “Yes, good, please sit,” she said placing the coin in her pocket. 
Lucia and Ailia sat down around the miniature table, squeezing their legs under it, trying to get comfortable. 
"Now, the left is what the gods give you, the right is what you do with it," Ivanka explained. “I will look at both.” She reached her hand out toward Lucia and signaled for her to give her hand. 
Lucia hesitated for a moment, but then gave in as she huffed loudly.
“Thank you,” Ivanka said, closing her eyes and took two deep breaths. She mumbled something in a foreign tongue and Ailia and Lucia both looked at each other. Ailia forced herself to remain serious and it looked like Lucia was having a hard time doing the same. 
Suddenly, Ivanka opened her eyes. It was almost as if another woman had taken her place, or a new spirit had inexplicably possessed her body. She looked into Lucia’s left hand first. “Oh, I see,” she said, nodding her head. Her voice had changed and become deep and serious. “You are hiding.” She looked up into Lucia’s eyes, smiling, her eyes narrowly squinting. Ivanka looked down into the gods-given palm again. “You two sisters—yes?” 
Ailia looked at Lucia in astonishment. Maybe this lady isn’t just a fake after all, she thought.
“You have suffered so much in your short life. Poor girl, mother dead, father dead, unborn baby brother dead,” Ivanka said. She shook her head and made a tsking noise.
Lucia withdrew her hand and clenched her fist tight. “I, I do not want to hear any more,” she said, looking down at her hand.
“Let me tell you your gifts from the gods,” Ivanka said. “You are strong in your heart and strong in your soul. You have helped your sister very much. Yet you carry a dark secret here,” she said, pointing at Lucia’s heart.
Lucia smiled; very nervously, Ailia thought, as if she didn’t want Ailia to know something. 
“You have been given many talents. One talent is only for you,” Ivanka said.
“What do you mean?” Ailia said, disturbed.
“Ah, it is not for me to say. Only reading, dearie. Now, other hand please, “Ivanka said. 
Lucia gave Ivanka her right palm. 
“Good, good—” she said, peering into her future. Then she turned silent and serious, pulling Lucia’s hand closer, squinting her fixated eyes to get a closer look. She thrust Lucia’s hand down and pulled away from the table. “All done, bye-bye,” she said, standing up and pushing them out of the tent.
“You didn’t even finish and I didn’t get my reading,” Ailia objected. 
Ivanka pulled the silver coin out of her pocket and threw it at Ailia. It fell down onto the snow. “Done,” she said and disappeared into her tent, closing the entrance flap behind her.
Ailia and Lucia looked at each other. Both were at a loss for words. They slowly headed homeward again. Ailia’s plan had failed. She had really just wanted to connect more with the ever-growing gap between her and Lucia. About halfway back to Brandersgaard, Lucia finally spoke.
“I told you I did not want to have my fortune read.” She sounded distraught.
Ailia started laughing, her body swayed as she chuckled. “ Really, this is stupid!  It’s not even real—” Ailia said, continuing to laugh. “We might as well have some fun with it.”
“That is what you think. This is serious, you know. Our lives are at stake,” Lucia said and took off.
Ailia huffed. This was not how she had seen it ending. When she arrived home, Unni had prepared sheep stew for repast. The rich aroma filled the longhouse. “Did you see Lucia come in?” 
“Yes, she seemed upset. Is she all right?” Unni asked.
“I had her come to the fortuneteller with me, but I think it was a mistake,” Ailia said. “I thought it would be fun, but Lucia took it so seriously.”
“Just give her some room. I’m sure she’ll be just fine in a little while,” Unni said.
Ailia peered into the stew. She was surprised when she saw barley kernels and carrots mixed in with the meat. Their grain and vegetable storage had run out about a month ago. “Where did you get the barley and carrots?” Ailia asked.
“Silya is in town and she dropped off a few special things that Soren had brought with him from the Southlandic Kingdom. Wasn’t that nice?” Unni said.
Ailia froze when she heard Soren’s name and wanted nothing more than to see him. It had been so long. Would she still feel the same way about him when she saw him again? Yes. By the mention of his name, it felt like her heart couldn’t be contained. “Is Soren in town as well?” 
“No, just Silya, I think,” Unni replied. “She said she would be back tomorrow for a visit and would love to see you both.”
Ailia’s heart sank, but she was still very excited to see Silya again. She would have news about Soren. 
After repast, everyone gathered in the main room for stories and a round of Hnefatafl, which Brander won again.
“One day—” Ailia said, shaking her finger at him. “—I’m going to win.”
“Sure you will Ailia, but not against me!” Uncle Brander laughed mischievously.
When Ailia finally went to bed, Lucia had already fallen asleep so she wouldn’t have a chance to talk to her and try and set things right. Ailia didn’t know if she needed to apologize and had become increasingly annoyed by Lucia’s lofty attitude. Her mood seemed to change day-by-day, or maybe even minute-by-minute, and it was becoming hard to keep up with all her mood swings. I guess she cannot help it since she was raised as a princess, Ailia thought. 
Ailia tried hard to fall asleep, but she couldn’t because she kept thinking about Soren and whether or not he would come to visit her or Lucia. He still didn’t realize who Ailia was and he’d be looking for Lucia, not her. Part of her felt that she was being unreasonable for hoping that he was thinking of her too. He did not even know who she was—his Sentinor. 
Ailia jumped out of bed, got dressed and went outside to get away from her racing mind. The temperature outside had dropped over the last few days and her eyes watered as they came in contact with the stinging, cold breeze. She instinctively headed toward her mother’s grave. Maybe I can find some clues or information about the scrolls imbedded on the gravesite. She had looked at what seemed a thousand times for clues, but never found any. I am sure if I look just one more time—.
She had mainly studied the large center rune stone the past four months, not all the smaller stones comprising the shape of a longship, or even the longship’s prow. 
As she headed down the snowy road, she heard the Gypsy’s cheerful music in the distance. The song had a rich, ethnic beat to it and she found herself instinctively stepping her feet to the rhythm. She thought about what Ivanka had said to Lucia earlier and wanted to know what, if anything, she had seen in her future. Ailia had always believed in a set fate, but she would never have imagined that she had such a grand fate as this. As she passed the fortuneteller’s tent, Ivanka stepped outside.
“Ah, beautiful girl, come here. I wait for you to return,” she said. Her voice was back to its high-pitched tone. “My apologies. I saw so much suffering and I did not want to scare your sister, dearie. She is still so lovely, still so innocent still that one.” She approached Ailia. 
Ivanka’s eyes looked sincere, Ailia thought. “It is—it’s fine. We laughed about it really,” Ailia replied nervously.
“Oh, no, no, no! There is no laughing here. She will help you find the Aesira scrolls. Your mother hid, yes?  She will die the worst death. I cannot say—” Ivanka said, shaking her head despondently.
“How do you know about—?” Ailia started. “Who are you?  How do you know these things?”
“I see it like it happened before. It will happen soon,” Ivanka said. “You will see. You will become me, my gift to you, dearie.”
Ailia had a really hard time figuring out what she was saying. Ivanka’s accent was too strong to understand at moments and the meaning of her words, difficult to grasp. “Will you read my future now?” she said.
“Come with me.” Ivanka gestured and held open the tent entrance. Dozens of candles lit the tent and had transformed it into a hot and smoky dancing cave of shadows. Ivanka sat down in her chair. “Sit,” Ivanka ordered Ailia, moving her chair to the other side of the table.
Ailia sat down on the same stool she had sat on earlier in the day and leaned forward. I must be crazy to try this again, she thought.
“Left hand, please,” Ivanka instructed, reaching out for it. She was not wasting any time. She took two deep breaths again and said the same foreign words she had before, just faster. She then opened her eyes and her demeanor had changed.
“Now, let me see.” She studied Ailia’s palm. “Yes, I see, I see, good—not good. Hmm—” She was nodding and shaking her head interchangeably. “Ah, your palm is not able to be read, except for you have three lives, one love. Cannot see which life you are living now—three is too much. Other hand,” she said and let go of Ailia’s left hand. 
Ailia extended her right arm and opened her palm. 
“Hmmm,” Ivanka said. “Hmmm—” She turned Ailia’s hand around and clasped it. “Not tonight, dearie. You make your own destiny. You find it in here,” she said and pointed her long, dirt-infested fingernail into Ailia’s chest. “— here,” she said and pointed to Ailia's forehead. “You may or may not win.” 
“What?” Ailia asked. That was no more or less than she already knew.
“Remember, truth is inside you, buried down deep. Your spirit creates all wonders,” Ivanka said and stood up. “No need to look elsewhere than inside.” She blew out a dozen candles and then looked at Ailia. “No more tonight, good night.”
Ailia stood up and slowly walked out of the tent miles more confused than when she had walked in. 
“One more thing—” The fortuneteller said. “He will be here tonight.”
“Who?” Ailia said. Soren?
“Good night.” Ivanka shut the tent door without another word. 
Nothing made sense. Ivanka seemed like she knew what she was talking about, but why wouldn’t she share what she had seen? Whose side is she on anyhow? It had been a rather unsatisfactory adventure, incapable of answering Ailia’s important questions. 
Ailia started to feel tired and she thought it would be best to head home and get some sleep. Searching the heavens, Ailia sighted a shooting star in the pitch-black, light-speckled sky. The Auroras hadn’t shown themselves recently and she wondered if her mother was still looking down upon her, guiding her steps through life, helping her onto unseen, privileged paths. 
Out here in the dark, she was alone, yet strangely enough, not lonely. Ailia headed toward Brandersgaard and tried to clear her mind of all the questions life had recently thrown at her, insurmountably difficult questions she had no answers to—at least not yet. She could go crazy thinking about them, searching for the answers that life so slowly rewarded. Life on the farm had not been easy, but one thing Uncle Brander and Aunt Unni had taught her, something she was truly grateful for, was to value work. 
She was embarrassed to admit, even to herself, that several times when asked to help, when she was blossoming into adulthood, Ailia had declared her independence, saying that Unni and Brander were not her real parents, so how could they order her around?  Ailia liked to think that her remorseful and quick attitude adjustment was proof of her maturing, but it probably had a lot more to do with her having to sleep outdoors in the pigsty and not having the privilege of a meal. She smiled as she remembered the ‘old’ Ailia. Finally, she arrived home. Right as she was about to enter through the front door, she heard someone call her name.
“Ailia?” 
A chill went through her spine. She could recognize Soren’s voice anywhere.



22

A Healer Returns

“Soren!” Ailia fought to contain the irrepressible joy that welled up inside of her. She stepped closer to him and though she didn’t feel she could or should embrace him, even though that was what she wanted, she stroked his shoulder and arm to greet him.
“You look well,” Soren said, smiling at her. He looked happy to see her too. “Something is different with you,” he continued, his eyes searching hers. He looked different too. His skin was sun-kissed, and the stubble on his face was a little lighter than the black it had been before. 
“Different?” Ailia said, pretending not to know what he meant. How will I manage to not tell him? Improvise. “My foot is all healed. Thank you, again, for your help,” she said, ignoring his prodding, redirecting the conversation to safer subjects. Ailia couldn’t remember blatantly lying before and she felt very uncomfortable concealing the truth from the one she loved, if she dared say, so dearly. This is going to be hard if Soren continues to ask similar questions as the first one.
 “So—any more wolf chasing?” Soren asked jokingly.
Ailia laughed. “No. I knew you were away, so I thought I would refrain from such adventurous activities.”
Soren chuckled. “It is really good to see you again,” he said sincerely. He took a step closer and gave her a big bear hug. 
Ailia hugged him back and she leaned her head into his chest. Her mind raced with all the information she had learned over the last few months. Now that she knew the truth about who she was and about who he was, she felt calm and peaceful, yet still wanting to jump up and down for joy. A feeling of completeness finally overwhelmed her incomplete, yearning heart. When can I tell him?
Soren’s body tensed and he sighed, like he had felt something for Ailia, but knew he could not act on it. He slowly pulled away, his arms still wrapped around Ailia. 
Ailia looked up into his blue eyes. He seemed to draw her in closer with each glance, each breath and each word. She stood speechless for a moment, trying to read him. 
Soren let go of his grip and stepped back. “So, I am curious, did you ever figure out how you ended up in the middle of nowhere?” he asked.
“No, it’s an enigma. It’s like I lost four months of my life,” Ailia said. “Oh, I did find— a—” She stopped.
“A—?” he gently nudged her.
She wanted to make sure she didn’t share information she wasn’t supposed to, but decided it couldn’t hurt to tell him about the handkerchief and flask. “—Raven embroidered handkerchief, so we have reason to believe that the—uh—the Vikings had something to do with my disappearance,” she said, stumbling over her words. “An empty glass flask.” She had a hard time concentrating on anything other than the fact that Soren was standing right in front of her. “Can we talk about something else?” she finally said. “I’m just having a hard time. I don’t know; I just cannot say too much.”
 “About what? Are you trying to hide something from me?” he asked and smirked.
“No!” she nearly yelled and shook her head fervently. She resisted every temptation to think or say anything about him and her.
Soren scratched his eyebrow as it arched up and laughed under his breath. “All right, so, I heard Lucia is here?” he said. “I came as soon as I found out. No one sent for me, not even Silya. I thought that was strange.”
“Yes, she is here,” Ailia said in an unhappy tone, not willing to clarify anything else. She desperately wanted to tell him who she was and that it was her, not Lucia, that was his Sentinor, bound together since the beginning of their spirits’ creation. She bit her lip. She couldn’t let him go just yet, so she changed the subject again. “How were your travels down south?”
“They went really well. Mumtaz is gathering the elders who will in turn help us get the armies we need. Once the Great Sentinor is ready, the armies will cross the Orken Desert to get here. It will be a challenge to have all the troops cross the desert when it is time, so a lot of planning is needed,” Soren said.
Ailia breathed heavily. How am I supposed to be their leader? I know nothing of troops or armies, or anything! They won’t follow me. She felt like she was going to have a panic attack.
Soren didn’t seem to notice her distress. “Ailia, the devastation down south is just horrific. We think we have it bad here, but it is so much worse down there. Can you imagine living without access to clean water, being swarmed by bugs the size of my hand?” Soren said, lifting his hand up to show her. “People lie dying in the streets without anyone to help them and the only food they have are grains since nearly all their animals have died of some disease. Fortunately, they are still able to harvest plants and grains, but it will not be long until there is nothing left.”
“I’m sorry. Is there any way I can help?” Ailia asked, feeling compassion well up in her bosom. She knew she needed to complete her plan, but she had absolutely no idea of where or how to even start.
“Not yet, but eventually we will need everyone’s help to defeat Eiess. Once Lucia finishes her plan, for it has to come from her, we will be ready to attack.”
“All right, I understand,” she said, nodding her head anxiously, taking his statement to heart.
“I also visited my—descendants,” Soren said.
“Oh,” Ailia said, slightly interested, nodding her head. “Oh!” She hadn’t thought about the fact that she had descendants. She felt guilty immediately.
“The youths call themselves Quartz.” Soren laughed. 
“Quartz?” 
“Yes. They gave themselves that name, being descendants from Lucia and myself. As you know, Lucia and I are both demi-mortals, but they are not. They do have certain endowments within them, unique gifts that are supernatural, but not as much as Lucia and I. So they thought instead of calling themselves demi-mortals, which they are not, they would go by quarter-mortals, or Quartz for short. Clever, right?” Soren said.
Ailia looked at him without responding. All this was too much to take in at once, plus she already struggled in trying to hide her identity. She had just gotten used to admitting she was the Great Sentinor and now she had to hide it again from the one person she really wanted to tell.
“Are you sure you are all right?” Soren asked, seeming very concerned for her well-being. “You are acting very strange. Did you have too much mead, maybe?”
“No. I—I’m sorry.” Ailia exhaled sharply. She decided to be as honest as she could, without divulging everything she needed to keep secret. She was not doing a very good job at ‘acting’ normal, or like the old, peasant Ailia. She breathed heavily again. There had to be a way she could be honest with him without breaking her vow of silence. “There is something,” she said, looking away. “ I cannot tell you what it is. You need to trust me on this.” Ailia turned toward Soren again. She took his hand and looked up into his eyes, finally letting her guard down. “Will you trust me—please?” she asked.
“Yes,” Soren said without hesitation in his voice. “Yes, I will trust you.” 
They stood looking at each other for a moment, communicating in silence. Ailia felt that he truly did trust her. A friendship had been taken to the next level. “Thank you. I’m so relieved. I worried you wouldn’t. I cannot keep up with all the changes that are going on in my life, a new sister, new information—” Ailia said. She let go of his hand.
“Of course I trust you. Silya told me you are Lucia’s sister, which is wonderful. No wonder I felt there was something special about you.” He nudged her.
“Ah, yes,” Ailia said and smiled on the outside, but cried on the inside. If he only knew.
“Are you getting to know each other better?” 
“Yes, we are and we have so much in common. It’s been a very exciting season here in Bergendal. Someday, I’ll tell you all about it. I promise.” Soon, Ailia hoped.
“Well, I know you would probably like to stay out here all night, but I am anxious to get inside to the heat,” Soren said finally. “Besides, there are Surtorians lurking around every corner and I would rather not get noticed by one.”
Ailia felt foolish. She hadn’t thought about the fact that Soren had just come travelling from heaven knows how far and she was keeping him outside and also keeping him from Lucia. “Oh, sorry, I was just so happy to see you again. Of course you should be getting inside.”
“I love your humbleness,” he said, following her through the door.
They stepped into the foyer and removed their overcoats. The little light they had to brighten their path shone from the hearth in the main room. Ailia instinctively took Soren’s hand and guided him, so he wouldn’t trip on anything. 
“Follow me,” she said, leading him to the hearth. “This should help you warm up.” She picked up firewood and placed it onto the dwarfed flames. “Can I get you some leftover stew? Unni is a great cook,” she offered.
“Yes, thank you. That sounds delicious,” Soren said.
“Please, have a seat,” Ailia said, gesturing toward the bench.
He sat down slowly at first and then with a low thump. The modest amber light from the fire burned low, illuminating his serious face. 
“I must admit that I felt really bad leaving so abruptly with no explanation,” Soren said. 
“It’s all right. I made it home safely,” Ailia said.
“No, but I really feel that we met for a reason. There is something about our friendship that is different, would you not agree?”
Ailia stood speechless.
“Will you forgive me?” He looked so sincere, and kindness exuded from his narrow eyes.
“Yes, of course,” Ailia said without hesitation. She couldn’t help but smile. He had felt something, but he didn’t know what Ailia knew yet. Once she told him, it would all make sense to him too. 
Ailia took out a small wooden bowl and scooped the stew into it and then handed it to Soren. 
He sat and ate in silence for a few moments. “So, tell me about your journey back here. Anything happen?” Soren asked quietly.
“No. The trip was great and I absolutely adore Silya. She’s a gem. She told me how you two met and filled me in on more information about the Sentinors and Eiess and the Aesira Jewel. It’s all very fascinating,” she said, still pretending to be an outsider.
“Silya is one of the wisest women I know. She has had a rough life, but instead of growing angry and bitter, she has taken the hardships of life and molded each lesson into diamonds of great wisdom.”
“I agree. She is very wise. Did she travel with you here to Bergendal?” Ailia asked.
“Yes. I actually was not planning on stopping by,” Soren said reflectively, scooping the last spoon of stew out of the bowl. “Silya insisted I did, but I was stubborn. Then she told me Lucia was here and I had to come right away. Is she sleeping?”
“Yes,” Ailia said. “You want me to wake her?”
“No, she needs her rest. I will see her first thing in the morning.”
Ailia liked his answer. “So, are you here only for a day?” She didn’t want to hear the answer if that were the case.
“We will probably stay until the day after tomorrow and then Lucia will join Silya and I back to Trollsoe. We need to get her away from Eiess as soon as possible. I cannot believe Lucia is still here, so close to Eiess and that Eiess hasn’t found her yet.”
“Of course,” Ailia said. She felt like she could cry. Maybe if I approach him a little more directly, he will figure out who I am by himself, without me having to tell him and break my promise. She thought it was a dangerous plan and she liked it. In her desire to be chaste and save herself for the ‘one’, she had never approached a man in a manner like this. Her heart started pounding. Ailia squeezed in right next to him and placed her narrow hand on his knee, trying not to think of the rejection she might have to go through if he declined her.
Soren shifted slightly in his seat. “Ailia—” he said, freezing up and not looking at her. He exhaled. “I cannot be that for you,” he finally said, seeming as if he were struggling with the right words to say. “You know that, right?”
Ailia wasn’t willing to accept the rejection just yet. She lifted her knee up over his lap and sat down on his lap facing him. “I think you can,” she said and smiled.
Soren looked away. “I have felt an attraction to you and I cannot explain it. It does not make any sense, especially since my one eternal partner is someone other than you. I cannot give into a fleeting feeling like this one,” he said.
Ailia turned his face toward her, nudging him along. “Everything will be all right; just trust your heart,” she said. She wrapped her arms around his neck.
“No, you do not understand. I do not expect you to understand,” he said impatiently, shaking his head.
Ailia stood up and felt extremely embarrassed, not to mention rejected. “Why, because you think I’m not a demi-mortal?” she concluded, slightly offended. 
Soren stood up and looked her squarely in the eyes. “No, I admire you so much. There’s a strong force inside you that I cannot explain. It is almost like you are a demi-mortal, your energy is so strong.”
Ailia knew she couldn’t tell him about her true identity, not yet at least, so she decided to abandon her risqué plan of trying to seduce him. If she continued, she felt she would have to stoop too low and she was not strong enough to handle that kind of refusal from him. She walked away from Soren, embarrassed, and braced her chest with her arms.
To her surprise, Soren followed her. He came up close behind her and grabbed her shoulders, pulling her body close to his. His hands slowly made their way down Ailia’s arms and finally down to her hands, where they clasped hers in a tight grip. They stood there for a long time, their hearts beating steadily. Ailia leaned her head into his chest and he kissed her on the neck ever so lightly. She turned around and faced him and then they both embraced each other, holding on so tightly, afraid that if they let go, they might do something they both truly desired, but could not afford to do.
“I know this might sound outlandish,” Soren whispered. “But it is almost as if you—”
Ailia looked up into his eyes, hoping he would realize that she was the one he spoke of. “What?”
He stroked her hair, caressing it with his hand and then pulled it gently as he continued to kiss her neck and face. 
Ailia closed her eyes and enjoyed every touch, every kiss. She then started kissing him back, their lips still not joining. “Soren,” Ailia said longingly. Her body tingled and Soren stirred up feelings inside her that no other man had even come close to.
He seemed to enjoy hearing his name spoken from her lips and he cradled her face in his hands. 
He came in so close and Ailia could feel his breath on hers. Their eyes connected and Ailia could see that he really did feel something for her. His intensely blue eyes burned with desire and Ailia could see in them that he truly wanted her in that moment.
“No, not like that!” Brander said, over by the outer wall. 
Soren and Ailia froze, completely startled by the noise. They hastily stepped away from each other as if they were children who had been caught with their hands in a basket filled with fresh bread. Standing still for a moment, they listened. No sound.
“I think he is talking in his sleep,” Soren said. They both laughed silently. 
“Ailia?” Lucia said, suddenly appearing out of the darkness. She looked angry.
 “Oh, I am sorry,” Lucia said when she saw Soren. “Ailia, I thought you were alone. Hello, Soren,” she said and nodded to him. “What took you so long? I have been here for many months and you did not come for me.” She quickly turned around and walked away.
Soren looked as if he had seen a ghost. He massaged his temples, closed his eyes and sighed a painful sigh.
“This was a mistake,” he said. “I do not know what came over me. Ailia, I am—”
“Let me go talk to her,” Ailia said, trying to make it better without having him feel too bad about it. “I, I’m sorry. This was a bad idea. I’ll explain everything later; don’t worry,” she said and followed after Lucia.
 “Soren is here? Did you tell him?” Lucia asked, sounding somewhat dispirited.
“No, of course not. It’s not the right time yet. It kills me that I cannot tell him, because I just want to be with him. And what’s worse than that is that I don’t know how long it will be until I can tell him. It could be weeks, months, years—or worse, even decades,” Ailia whispered, letting out a groan.
“Oh, it will not be decades,” Lucia said. “I am sure it will be sooner than you think.”
“Thank you,” Ailia said half-heartedly. She couldn’t expect Lucia to really understand or even sympathize with her predicament. Immediately, she felt guilty for thinking that. “I’m so grateful I have someone to talk to about this—it helps a lot.”
Lucia smiled faintly. “So, what am I supposed to do?” she asked, looking self-conscious. “I would feel weird pretending to be, well, you know, you,” she gestured to Ailia and sat down on her bed. 
Ailia hadn’t thought about how this would affect Lucia. Lucia would have to go along with being the Great Sentinor, acting as if she were Soren’s—Ailia didn’t like thinking about it. It wasn’t like Lucia loved him, or even that Ailia didn’t trust her on this subject, but she did start to have feelings of jealousy well up unexpectedly inside her and she didn’t like the unwelcome emotion. How should we handle this? They hadn’t really talked about it, not knowing when Soren would come back. 
“I think you need to—uh—I guess, pretend you are me,” Ailia finally said, coming to the conclusion that it was the best plan. For Lucia couldn’t avoid him and act as if she wasn’t interested at all, for that would become plain awkward for everyone involved. Or, maybe a better plan would be that Lucia could try and convince Soren to leave again. She abandoned that plan as quickly as she thought of it. Her mind was starting to conjure up ideas on how to make it less painful for her in the short term. In the long run, this short time will not matter. When Soren and I are married and I have defeated Eiess, Lucia, Soren and I will look back at this time and laugh—or so she hoped. 
“I am not a very good performer, you know,” Lucia said. “Are you sure this is the best way? I do not want to not help you, but it feels so strange. What should I do when he tries to kiss me?” Lucia asked. It seemed she was going over all the details in her head.
It was a valid point. Ailia hadn’t thought through this too well and she wished she could talk to Unni about it some more before they jumped into role-playing. She remained steady in her decision. The answers would have to come along the way. “It’s the best way and I have complete confidence and trust in you, Lucia. Please do this. I know it is going to help tremendously. The most important thing is that we keep this information as unrevealed as possible,” Ailia said. “Now, he wants to leave the day after tomorrow to Trollsoe—with you. You are going to have to go with him if he insists, or if we cannot sway him from leaving.” It tore Ailia up inside that he would be leaving again, but she couldn’t think about that now when so many other things were at stake.
Lucia leaned forward, sitting on both her hands. “Ok, I will do my best. I hate to see you struggle with this,” she said. “Maybe, I could insist you come with me since you are my sister?”
Ailia raised her eyebrows and peered over at Lucia. “Now, there’s a thought.” She paused, bringing index finger in front of her lips in a thinking pose. “Let’s sleep on it and talk again tomorrow,” she said, her hope renewed.
“Good night,” Lucia said.
“Yes, good night and thank you,” Ailia said and hugged her sister before jumping into bed.
Ailia’s mind continued to race with the day’s events. She anxiously waited for the morning when she would see Soren again, but she feared the awkwardness of their illusion would make life intolerable in the short term. Ivanka’s forewarning hung annoyingly around in the back of Ailia’s mind as she tried to go to sleep. She hoped that Ivanka had been wrong. She was probably just a crazy fortuneteller anyway, or a crazy old hag. Still, something told her that there was some truth to her terrifying foretelling. Finally, sleep took her and it was, thankfully, a dreamless night.



23

A Change of plans

All were still sleeping, dreaming and worry-free, at Brandersgaard when Ailia arose early next morning. Ailia’s mind wouldn’t rest and kept churning and winding, provoking her heart with bothersome thoughts. What if it doesn’t work? What if Lucia betrays me again? What if Soren loves Lucia? What if—? Fear had come knocking, worming its way into her mind and Ailia didn’t know how to let fear stay outside, feeling forced to open to its piercing demands. 
This was the first time Ailia could ever remember being up before Unni, who usually rose to light the hearth if it had gone out at night, or increase its blaze if it hadn’t. The flames were still aglow, bringing with them the only physical warmth the Northlandic Kingdom had seen in all too many months and the seasons were not about to return to normal any time soon. She saw that Soren had fallen asleep next to the hearth. Her stomach fluttered at the sight of him.
Ailia wrapped a reindeer fur throw around her and quietly stepped outside, looking to the black, star-speckled heavens. The dry snow creaked below her feet with each step. 
“Mother?” she beckoned, seeking loving advice from the spirit realm. “I feel so lost. I don’t know what to do. It seems like every choice I make ends up in a dead-end. I feel I cannot move in the direction my heart tells me. If I tell Soren who I am, we may all be in more danger, but I feel I need his strength to move forward.” She walked casually over to the stable and entered where Volomite was standing. He wasn’t asleep either. “Hey you, good to see you again.” Ailia brushed his cold, black mane. 
He nickered, pawing his hoof on the straw-covered, mud-packed floor below and moved his head to greet her. 
“I missed you too.” Ailia placed her hands on his face and stroked him calmly down his neck toward his well-developed shoulder. She let him go and strolled over to gather some eggs from the chicken cage. 
They used to have dozens of chickens, but now, they were down to a measly seven after having lost them to the frost. Brander had mentioned that he wanted to bring the fowls inside the main house before they all froze to death. In the beginning, Unni was fervently against it, not wanting those “incessantly chirping creatures” inside, but now she realized that if they stayed outside for much longer, they would not have any chickens or eggs left. Ailia picked up seven eggs, put them in the wicker basket next to the pen and started toward the house again. Scrambled eggs for breakfast sounds delicious. 
As she looked into the heavens again, she saw the Auroras gleaming brightly across the sky. Her mother was listening. Now it was time for Ailia to see if she could hear her mother calling from the grave, bestowing wisdom upon her spirit by speaking to her heart. Ailia stood still for a moment, waiting for a revelation. 
“Please, Mother, please tell me what to do with Soren. Should I tell him?” she whispered, closing her eyes, turning inward, but not receiving any communication other than her own thoughts, which were, It’s too cold to stay out here. I guess I’m weaker than I thought. 
Ailia flung the reindeer throw onto the bench as she entered the front foyer. She heard movement from inside the house and it looked like Unni had awoken and breathed new life into the hearth and was working in the kitchen.
“I saw Soren came in last night?” Unni whispered, looking up at Ailia as she entered.
“Yes,” Ailia confirmed, seeing that he was still sleeping by the hearth. She placed the eggs on the table and then huffed.
“What’s wrong? I can recognize that huff anywhere. You’re fretting over something,” Unni whispered.
“It’s nothing.” Ailia thought about not bothering Unni with her problems, but she then quickly changed her mind. She needed a trusted confidant now more than ever. “Well, actually, I’m just having a rough time adjusting to be—the real me and then not being able to say anything to—Soren,” she said in a low voice.
“I see,” Unni said. “Tell me more.”
“The hardest part is pretending to be someone else and unfortunately, I’m not pretending very well.” Ailia leaned her hip against the table and crossed her ankles and arms where she stood.
“I’ve been thinking about it as well and I think the wise choice would be to include Soren, even if telling him is potentially more dangerous. The more right people we have for us, the better off we’ll be. We will just have to be more careful in how you two interact in public. As far as we all know, Eiess still believes Lucia is the Great Sentinor and we need to use that fabricated reality to its fullest potential.”
“And that too, I just feel so bad that Lucia has to take all the risk here. I feel like she resents me for it and I cannot blame her. If Eiess discovers where Lucia is hiding, she would kill her in an instant and then I would lose my only sister. She’s all alone, risking her life for me,” Ailia said.
“Well, that simply isn’t true, Ailia. If she doesn’t help, Eiess will come after you, killing you for the third and final time and everyone will perish by Eiess’s hands or live as thralls, in fear and bondage forever. You cannot take upon you someone else’s responsibilities in life, not even your sister’s. Each has to pay their own dues and find their own way.” Unni walked over to Ailia and placed her hand on her shoulder, looking her in the eyes. “I’m sure she is happy to do this for you and for everyone.”
“I know, but I still feel so—guilty.” Ailia pivoted away from Unni.
Unni placed her fists on her hips, her strict eyes staring Ailia down. “Ailia,” she said, agitated. “Drop the guilt, drop the worry, because it doesn’t serve anyone. Guilt is only there for misery’s benefit and if you hold on to it, it will decrease your strength. There is no other purpose for guilt than to correct an error, before you choose to err or after you have done it.” Unni looked around the room as if she was searching for something. “There is no error here,” she said, her hands and shoulders lifting up.
“I suppose—” Ailia started.
“Ah—” Unni stopped Ailia, her palm facing away from her.
Ailia sighed in annoyance. “Ok, I understand,” she finally said, rolling her eyes.
“I mean it,” Unni said strictly, with the same look Ailia had seen hundreds of times growing up, when she knew something was to be taken seriously. 
Ailia slowly broke a smile. “I do, I understand.” She laughed. She was glad that Unni would still help talk her through the difficult times. Unni had always been a wonderful mother, listening to her most inner thoughts. She had a gift for listening and helping the solution come to light. Now, more than ever, Ailia needed her pearls of wisdom. 
“So, what’s for breakfast?” Brander interrupted. “Serious stew?” He laughed at his own joke. 
“Scrambled eggs,” Unni and Ailia said in unison. They looked at each other and smiled.
“Great, I will take three,” Brander said, fastening his belt around his shirt, still getting dressed for the day. “I’ve been losing some muscle lately and I need the meat.”
“Oh, no you won’t,” Unni said sassily. “Not until you finish building that indoor chicken coop we’ve been talking about.” 
Brander looked at Ailia. “What mare demons visited her last night?” He winked at Ailia.
Ailia tried to remain serious but couldn’t help smiling.
“May I help get breakfast going?” Lucia said, looking all pretty and ready for the day. “I am starving!” Her wavy long, blond hair was brushed and she had put a dried flower over her ear.
“You look lovely today, Lucia,” Brander said.
“Well, Soren arrived last night,” Lucia said and smiled, almost acting giddy.
Was she playing her part really well, or was there something in her mannerism that gave the impression that she actually liked Soren? Ailia brushed the thought away quickly. Lucia had promised she would never betray her again.
Unni pointed toward the table with the pots and pan and looked at Ailia. “Fetch the pan. I’ll ready the omelet.”
Breakfast was prepared and devoured in a hurry. Soren had left right after breakfast with Lucia to pay Bishop Peter a visit. He said he’d be back by mid-day.
Today was a big day in Bergendal and no one wanted to miss any of the festivities that were held during the Late Summer Festival. Of course, the events had changed since its inception, not to mention the weather.
“I have decided to speak to Soren after the event tonight,” Ailia told Nora as they finished cleaning up after the meal.
Nora nodded, as her eyes blinked fervently, like they always did. Her wrinkled face had shriveled up nearly beyond recognition, with deep lines grooving into her leather-looking skin. It was as if she had aged overnight. She had lost one of her front teeth since she had arrived at Brandersgaard and her hair had thinned and whitened to a soft silver—like an angel’s. 
“I think you are right. It is wise that we include Soren. Though, there is much danger associated with him knowing the truth, we can definitely use his strength at this time,” Nora said, drying the pan slowly with her crinkly spotted hands. “Just make sure he is fully sober when you tell him,” Nora laughed. “You will want him to remember it in the morning.”
 “He doesn’t seem like a man who is too fond of drinking mead or wine, so he’ll still probably be clear of mind toward the end of the evening,” Ailia said. “But just in case, I will make sure Lucia keeps an eye on him for me.”
After her chores were finished, Ailia went into the rearmost room and laid out her special blue Sunday dress on Unni and Brander’s bed. Her ivory, long-sleeved, ankle-length underdress looked quite frayed and old, lying there next to the new blue over-dress, but it would have to do. It wasn’t like she had another one to choose from. 
Everyone had left the house to either run errands or to do chores outside and Ailia seized the opportunity for a bath. She filled the largest cauldron with melted snow, putting it on the hearth to heat. Once heated, she then took it into the back room and set it down on the floor. 
Unni, who had recently been dubbed the best housewife in Bergendal, kept a neatly filled supply of linens and washcloths inside the wood pantry. Ailia grabbed the top washcloth and laid it on the cauldron’s thick upper edge. She undressed and started to bathe. Her last full body bath had been on their designated bath day—Saturday. Today was Thursday, named after the god of thunder, Thor. 
Washing her body, she blushed as she imagined what it would be like if Soren touched her bare skin on all the places that her clothes normally covered. She had never been with a man before in that way, a fact she was rather proud of. 
A creak in the flooring made her turn around and cover herself as best she could with the washcloth, suspecting there was someone there. 
Ailia turned around and spotted Soren. Their eyes met briefly, but Soren quickly averted his eyes. “I am sorry, Ailia, I thought no one was here,” he said, turning away. “I left a— something here.”
Ailia didn’t know quite what to do. She wanted him to see her as she was, but not yet, not like this. “It’s fine, Soren,” she spoke calmly. “I know you didn’t mean it.”
He excused himself and dashed out of the house. 
I wish he knew already, Ailia thought. After her bath, she dressed and thought she looked decent enough for the night’s events. 
Unni and Sigrid had returned from helping Brander slaughter the evening’s main course: Lotte the pig. Ailia had picked up a bad habit of naming all the animals on the farm. She hated it anytime any of her ‘children’ were slaughtered, even though she fully realized that they needed the food. Busily, they scurried to and fro, in and out of doors, preparing the master meal for the evening. 
As Ailia walked in with her gown, Unni did a double take at Ailia, dipped her hands in the water bowl, dried them on her apron and walked over to her. Unni swiveled her around. “Let’s go to the back again. I have something special I want you to wear for tonight’s event,” she said, her voice brimming with excitement. She led Ailia to the back room and opened the linen closet. 
Hurriedly, Unni searched through the linen sheets and located what she was looking for. She pulled out a finely woven silk handkerchief, folded carefully around its mysterious contents. “Here you go.” She reached her arm out toward Ailia. “I wore this on the official day of my marital pledge, which it almost is for you. Well, the only difference is that I didn’t choose my husband to be. My parents did that part for me. Thankfully, they did a pretty good job. But never mind that, this is your special day. Here.” Unni reached her hand forward more firmly.
Ailia accepted the bundle, knowing it would be a great insult if she didn’t. She peeled its exquisite edges apart until it opened. Inside were two shining Hatteberg bi-metal brooches. She gasped. Their complex design included six silver animal eyelet masks embellishing the upper circular border and domed golden bronze panels inlaid on the front. The triangular Valknut symbol was barely noticeable in the vine-like side patterns. Ailia had never seen anything nearly as beautiful in her entire life. Her fingers feathered the surface of the brooches. 
“Now, let me help you put them on,” Unni said, picking the brooches out of Ailia’s hallowed hand. “Oh dear, that under tunic will never do!” She looked in horror at Ailia’s ragged under tunic. “I didn’t want to give you this until later, but I think today is an absolute emergency.” She pulled out a stark white new under tunic that was embroidered with a detailed blue thistle pattern at the sleeves and skirt hem. “Here you are, dear. Now hurry and change. I have repast to prepare.” 
After Ailia changed, Unni helped her attach the brooches, along with strings of beads that attached between the brooches in red, green, brown, yellow and silver. Ailia had never felt more beautiful. Now, she felt ready to approach Soren. 
“Come with me and help set the table. Don’t worry about preparing the food. I wouldn’t want you to get your dress dirtied,” Unni said, ushering Ailia with her.

*    *    *

Silya, who had been invited to repast, arrived with Soren and Lucia. She was going to spend the night with them before the three left in the morning. 
“Repast is ready!” Unni hollered from the kitchen. The long table had been pulled out and set in the main room between the hearth and the kitchen. The Late Summer Festival repast was the fanciest meal Ailia had seen all year. At the center of the table sat the roasted pig still intact with all its limbs and body parts. Brander had been roasting the beast outside all day and its aroma filled the entire room, flirting with their taste buds and hungry bellies. Bread, carrots and potatoes, which were considered luxury foods in these times of dearth, were all laid out on the table in plenty. Abundant amphorae filled with mead and even wine had been allotted for the day’s events and none in the house would leave without being a little cheerier. 
 “A toast to all guests and especially our beautiful women,” Brander said, raising his glass at the end of the table. 
Everyone stood by their seats at the overly crowded table and rose their glasses. “My cheer, your cheer, all the pretty women’s cheer!” they all chimed in. 
Unni sat at the other end, with Ailia, Ivar, Sigrid, Silya and Nora on one side. Soren, Lucia, Bishop Peter and his Deacon, Anders, sat at the other side. 
Ailia noticed that Soren kept looking over at her several times throughout the meal. Was it because she looked nice in her dress?  Or, maybe he was thinking about how he had walked in on her earlier when she was taking a bath?  She hoped so. 
Lucia looked perfectly happy sitting by his side at repast; she played her part well. Almost too well, Ailia thought. All through the evening, Ailia noticed how Lucia would brush her hand lightly over Soren’s. She’d smile at him, flirt with him and it looked like she was touching his knee under the table. 
Before repast, Ailia had pulled Lucia aside and spoken to her about bringing Soren to the storytelling tent before the first reading. “Make sure he does not drink too much mead,” Ailia had said and laughed.
“Of course not. He will be sober as ever,” Lucia had said and skipped off to be with him.
Ailia didn’t think Lucia was taking this seriously enough and didn’t know if she had even understood what Ailia had said. All throughout the meal, Ailia noticed that even though Soren seemed to return Lucia’s affection outwardly, he had the slightest expression of awkwardness in his eyes as they moved from place to place, never finding rest. 
“More potatoes, Ailia?” Unni prodded. She handed her the potato bowl.
“No, thank you,” Ailia said, passing it on to Ivar. He looked remarkably well-groomed tonight, handsome even, for a man of his age.
“But, you’ve barely eaten anything,” Unni said.
“I’m just excited for the festivities, that’s all,” Ailia said, picking at her food with her eating knife.
“Maybe some carrots then?” Ivar pitched in.
“I’m good, thank you,” Ailia said, refusing the bowl and gulping some more mead. “More mead?” she asked.
Unni was about to object.
“Here you go.” Brander was quickly by her side, winking at her. “One more won’t do any harm.” 
It wasn’t that Ailia was not hungry, or that the food didn’t look absolutely mouthwatering, she just didn’t have room for anything other than the jittery butterflies in her stomach. Ailia kept rethinking her plan, even though she felt happy about it. She had decided that after she had met up with Soren and Lucia in the storyteller’s tent, Ailia would take Soren to Bergendal Stave Church and open her heart to him, explaining who she really was. I hope I’ll say the right words, so he understands. As long as Lucia vouched for her, her plan should work. She finished off the rest of her mead and smiled over at Soren. Their eyes locked for a moment and the butterflies in Ailia’s stomach returned. He looked so handsome in his fancy blue tunic. It really brought out his eyes and complemented his dark hair. 
“Well, we best be off to the festivities,” Lucia said, rising to her feet.
“But, there’s still dessert,” Unni objected. “You must stay for dessert.”
“We will be back for it later.” She grabbed Soren’s hand and pulled him with her.
Soren followed her lead and thanked Unni and Brander for the wonderful meal. “We will see you all at the festival,” he said, glancing at Ailia again.
Lucia wrapped her arm around him and they left.
“I don’t like the way she is flirting with him,” Unni said. “Not one bit.”
“We spoke just last night. I’m sure she is just playing her part really well,” Ailia hoped, but now she had started to doubt her sister’s loyalty, seeing how forward she had been with Soren at the table. “Don’t you think?” she said hesitantly.
“Well, you better keep an eye on that one,” Brander said. “She’s a little too flirtatious in my opinion.”
“Lucia is as honest and full of integrity as the day is long,” Nora said. “If she said she is going to do something, she will.”
“I sure hope so for her sake. If not, she’ll have to deal with Unni and my wrath,” Brander said, not joking. “And no one should ever have to be in that merciless position.”
Ailia braved a smile, though without as much confidence as she would have liked. “I’m sure everything will be just fine. We have a plan and we are going to follow through. Besides, what could possibly happen?” A whole lot, the answer came to Ailia’s mind. A whole lot.



24

Treachery

“Their ugly, brown faces peered at them with black eyes. These skraelings, ugly men, brutally attacked the Vikings in Wineland, the land they had themselves claimed when they sailed their ships to this mystical land. Halvor the Red headed the dangerous expedition after being banned from Frostland for manslaughter. He established Bratthild estate with the men and women—”
Ailia sat in the back row on the benches listening to the storyteller’s gripping tale of the Viking excursion to Vinland and beyond. Many times, Ailia had wanted to explore an unknown world such as the one the storyteller had been to, adventure being the name of the game. 
Looking through the crowd, Ailia didn’t see Lucia or Soren anywhere. “Be here before the storyteller starts,” she had told Lucia. How could she have misunderstood her?  Maybe they got lost? But, she knew that now she was just making excuses for her sister.
“—finally, they were victorious over the devil-faced skraelings. It was even Guro, Halvor’s half-sister, who was eight months pregnant with her firstborn, who overcame them! She had fallen behind the others, pleading for their help, but she could not keep up. She grabbed a sword from a man’s deceased body and plunged it into her own breast, frightening the others in—”
Ailia couldn’t concentrate on the story. She was too nervous, anxiously awaiting Soren and what was to be one of the most significant moments of the rest of their lives. Tonight, she would become his and he would see her for the first time in the light of the truth. And tonight, they would start their journey together to defeat Eiess. 
“—and that is why the Norse always win their battles.” The storyteller finished, rising to her feet in a glorious crescendo. Her braided blond hair looked lovely tonight, glowing like gold in the light of the lanterns.
The eighty or so people who sat and listened applauded warmly, roaring and whistling in delight. The merry crowd trickled out of the massive tent in anticipation of attending another event at the festival. Ailia didn’t see any of her former friends here and she was glad they hadn’t come to the storytelling. 
As people passed by, they were putting their masks on: some sheep, some cows or goats, even cats or dogs. Ailia would normally participate at the masked dance and would wear the sheep mask Unni had made for her, but her thoughts were not at all focused on the dance as they normally would be. She could not bear to tear herself away from the tent in case she would miss Soren. 
Outside she heard the fiddlers walking around the streets, spreading their merry tunes. The frightening memory of the Nukkern flashed through her mind and she cringed. I won’t be dancing to his tunes anymore. Ever since that day, she had hated the sound of any instrument that sounded like a fiddle. 
When Soren comes, I’ll ask him to come walk with me first and then we’ll go to the church. She liked her idea. Simple is good.
“Why, there you are!” Silya exclaimed. “I have been looking for you everywhere! Something has happened. You must come with me immediately back to Brandersgaard.” She took Ailia’s hand and hauled her along with her.
“What’s wrong?” Ailia asked, while trying to keep up with Silya’s increasing pace. “I cannot leave. I have to wait for Soren!”
“We cannot talk about it until we are back home, but yes, something is very wrong,” Silya said, panting as she ran.
“Is anyone hurt?” Ailia asked.
“No. Stop asking questions and focus on your pace. It is a time-sensitive subject and every second we wait is wasted, another second gone, another second to recover what is lost,” Silya said.
“Lost?” Ailia tried her very best to keep up with Silya, picking up her pace, moving her legs faster and lighter. Then, something unexpected happened. As she was thinking about what could have possibly occurred, the answer came to her. Ailia knew exactly what had transpired down to the smallest detail. She stopped abruptly, letting go of Silya’s hand.
Turning around, Silya looked at her. “What?” Silya said, acting very impatient.
“They left,” Ailia said, looking into Silya’s eyes for confirmation.
“Did you know?” Silya gasped surprised. “How did you know? Unni just discovered that all of their things are gone!”
“Just now,” Ailia revealed, the images and feelings still entering her mind. “I think I’m having a vision,” she said, her eyes wandering as clear impressions flowed into her thoughts. “Lucia has told Soren that I’m in love with him and that I’m trying to deceive him into believing that I’m the Great Sentinor. She convinced him to leave early, so it wouldn’t be as hard on me or embarrassing on him.” First irritation and then anger welled up in Ailia. “But why?” she questioned. “She’s going to ruin any chance I have of defeating Eiess. Doesn’t she realize that?” Ailia agonized as her heart was breaking, breaking for her sister’s betrayal and breaking for Soren.
“Let us not waste time here. Come with me back to your family, so we can make a plan. They probably left four to five hours ago, so they do have a head start, but we can still catch up with them if we hurry.” Silya gently took Ailia’s elbow in hers and started moving again.

*    *    *

At Brandersgaard, Unni came running toward Ailia as she came inside. “That deceitful young girl! She’s going to get it from me!” she blurted. “Did you know about this?” She turned to Nora, who had also just returned from searching for Ailia and gave her the evil eye.
“No, my lady.” Nora was able to maintain her composure. No one was going to ruffle her feathers. “This is completely unlike her. I am sure there’s a perfectly suitable explanation for all of this,” she said.
“Suitable? There would be no suitable explanation in all the nine realms of Yggdrasil that would suffice! We must do something quickly before we lose them forever. Who knows what Lucia will do to keep Soren away from Ailia? They may never return again.” Unni sighed as she paced around the hearth.
“Ailia said she had a vision. We may want to take heed in that,” Silya interrupted. “Did you see in which direction they were heading?”
“No, just that they were packing and getting ready. Lucia had convinced him to leave and he had agreed.” Ailia had also seen them embracing and kissing, but she was too devastated, too embarrassed, to share that information in front of everyone. Now, she started second-guessing herself. She had thought Soren liked her too, and she had sensed the strong connection between him and her. Maybe I have just been fooling myself. 
“I will ride after them. Most likely, they are heading to Trollsoe as they planned,” Silya figured. 
“They could have headed in any direction though, really,” Nora pitched in. “If Lucia truly does not want Soren to be reunited with Ailia, she could have changed their travel plans. She is a smart girl, but this surprises me. I am shocked to say the least. She is young and seemingly innocent that girl, but she does have a stubborn head on her shoulders, especially lately.”
“Only three main roads lead out of Bergendal: the northern, the southern and the western. We should send someone in each direction,” Brander said.
 “I’m almost certain that they are heading to Trollsoe,” Ailia said.
Silya answered, “I agree, but I think, to be on the safe side, we should send one rider in each direction. I will take the southern route toward Trollsoe. I am used to traveling alone and it will be faster for me that way.” 
“I will come with you,” Ailia said.
“No,” Brander said firmly. “You must stay here. It will be safest for you.”
Ailia was disappointed. “I’m not in need of protection!” she said, her voice shaking and angry. The last thing she wanted to do was sit here and wait for her fate to unfold.
Nora interjected. “Yes, Ailia, you are in need of protection from every source you can get. The first time you were killed by the hands of Eiess was when Soren was away. She drowned you in the fjord along with all your friends. The second time she got hold of you was also after Soren had left for a short trip. He had carefully planned everything out, so you would be safe, but Eiess’s powers had grown stronger than before and she had trained her Surtorians to track you down. They found you despite all your efforts and drowned you again. And today, Eiess is even stronger than before and we must all be at our guard at all times. When Soren finds out that you, and not Lucia, are his Spiritus Amor, we will need to increase the level of protection surrounding you tenfold. If you fail, Ailia, none of us will be safe and we will all suffer under the rule of Eiess. We cannot afford to let that happen, would not you agree?” 
Nora did have a good point and Ailia was convinced, though not happily.
“I’ll head west,” Brander said. “Toward Asker. I’ll ask Ivar to head north toward Hammerburg. He is familiar with the territory.” 
“Great, we have a plan. Now let us go before more time is wasted,” Silya said.
“May you all be safe in your travels,” Ailia said. “And thank you for your courage and willingness to support me. May we together conquer the destroyer.”


25

Betrayal 

“I still think it was unwise to leave in such a rush and not say farewell to anyone. I think they might get the impression that we are snooty and rude.” Soren sounded halfway serious, halfway joking as he glanced over at Lucia. 
They had been riding for several hours, heading southward toward Trollsoe, starting their long journey at the first sign of the cool blue winter night. The weather had been milder today, but not nearly amicable enough to melt any of the snow that blanketed the entire country and had for what seemed an eternity. Now, the distant sun had set in the west, behind the Tinden Mountains, after having burned the skies with red, orange and pink streaking clouds. The absence of the sun had ushered in the icy air, which crept and gnawed on Lucia’s body. 
“I like that we can spend some time alone together without everyone else,” Soren said. “It has been a long time since I have seen you,” he said. “You were just a youth last time.”
“I agree. I used to look forward to your visits, before—” Lucia did not want to go down that path, thinking of her father and mother. Their deaths were still too fresh in her bones, still tormenting her raw, mourning heart as only the death of one’s parents could. Their lies had not really made it easier for Lucia to let them go and in fact, it seemed that the pain of their deaths felt worse because they had deceived her.
 “I always looked forward to the day I could visit and you would be a young woman, no longer a girl,” Soren said, not backing down.
Lucia blushed as her eyes wandered away from him. He was being a little too forward, she thought.
“I am sorry, I did not mean to make you feel uncomfortable,” Soren said. 
Lucia turned to him and smiled. “You did not. I think I am just so used to being told no, not now, you are not ready yet and now I do not have those limitations anymore. This newfound freedom might take me some getting used to.” She removed a section of hair that had slid down her forehead and was playing with her lashes. Her blondish-white hair and fair complexion could mesmerize nearly any man she met, she had discovered and she used that to her every advantage with Soren.
 “I want you to know that you can take all the time you need. We do not need to rush into our relationship again. I remember you and I remember our past relationships, but this is all new to you,” Soren said. 
“Thank you,” she said. Lucia tried to be as sincere as she could. She briefly lifted out of her seat, trying to ease the numbness in her behind. “They will understand. We can always go back and visit after we are married,” she finally answered. An intense feeling of guilt sat and festered in her gut as a stale piece of bread, churning and making her slightly nauseated as she thought about it. Why had she done this? And how could she have betrayed Ailia again? She remembered having sworn to herself that she would never betray her own blood. 
Before, when Soren used to come visit her at the castle, when her life had been simple, she had been told that he was the man she would marry one day. Lucia had always had a deep respect for Soren and she believed that he was to be hers. It was not fair that Ailia, a sister she did not even know until recently, was going to steal away her husband-to-be. It did not matter that Lucia was not completely in love with Soren, yet. Time would make their love grow, she told herself. Besides, Ailia had not been very considerate toward her. She had never asked Lucia how she felt, or if she had any feelings for Soren. Ailia was too absorbed in her own problems to notice anyone else’s, especially any problems Lucia was going through. “I do not remember anything from—before,” Lucia said to Soren.
“What do you mean?” Soren asked.
“Well, I have lived two other times, right?”
“Yes.” Soren looked over at Lucia.
“I do not remember anything whatsoever from my first two lives—it is strange.” She hoped he would not see through her deception.
 “Well, as I recall, in your last life, you could not remember anything either until you were a little older.”
Lucia felt relieved. So, it was true that she could not remember. Now, she did not need to try to conjure up their old memories.
“It will come back to you sooner or later. Later, in your second life, you started having dreams of our first life together. You dreamt of certain important moments,” Soren said.
“Really?” Lucia was baffled. Ailia had not mentioned any dreams to her, but then again, maybe she had not had any yet. Or maybe she kept them from me. She could be as deceitful as my parents. 
“Have you had any dreams like that yet?” Soren wondered.
“No, none at all.” She grinned, lifting her eyebrows innocently. 
“Well, each life is different and each time I am excited to get to know you again,” Soren smiled. “You seem very different this life though, I must confess. I know you have been through a lot recently.”
“How do you think we should go about keeping everything secret?” Lucia asked. I do not want Eiess or her Surtorians coming after me. Had she been unwise in her plan?  She had tried to accept that her calling in life was to be a queen only and an honorary sacrifice for Ailia. Yet the more she had thought about her parents’ lies, the more their lies had bothered her. First, they had lied about her sister dying at birth and not only that, but they even lied about both their daughters’ identities. Then, her father had been unfaithful to her mother. What other lies could be waiting out there in the dark? If her own father could do this one thing to her mother, betraying her trust, exchanging it for heated nights with a whore, what type of man was he? If her mother could lie to her about who she was, what type of person was she? Her child-like love was tainted and the penetrating wedge in her heart had started to expand into a vastness of entitlement. I need happiness and I deserve to be happy, she told herself. I do not owe anybody anything, especially Ailia. 
“We need to be strategic about keeping it a secret. I thought maybe we could set up rules for when we are in public. We probably should not even be seen in public together at all after we arrive in Trollsoe. Eiess has her Surtorians out looking for us everywhere,” Soren said.
“Well, I will have you to protect me.” Lucia tried to flirt, tried to see if there could be a spark between them, but she still did not feel anything.
“I cannot always be there, but I will do my best when I am around. I will also have our grandchildren watch over you when I am away.” Soren seemed absent-minded.
“Wow, grandchildren,” she said. “So, what are our grandchildren like? You had mentioned them briefly earlier and I have not been able to stop thinking about them.” Lucia said. The partial lies came with greater ease now.
“They are wonderful, Lucia. You will love them the moment you meet them.” His face lit up immediately at their mention. “They call themselves the Quartz.”
“The Quartz?  Why that name?” Lucia asked, confused. 
Soren explained it to her and then added, “It was rather a long process before they agreed on their unofficial name. Everyone finally conceded to Solvei’s suggestion. She is the stubborn one, as stubborn and feisty as anyone I have ever met!” Soren laughed. “She is the daughter of Alva and Eira and is known in Trollsoe as the most beautiful girl in the city. Dangerously beautiful though, like Erlend Senior always says,” Soren said.
Lucia had heard mention of the demi-mortals before. She liked ‘her’ new identity. It was fitting for a princess.
“And then there’s Martin, son of Alva and Eira. He is an extremely gifted artist and has been painting for years.”
“What does he paint?” Lucia asked.
“Well, mostly portraits,” Soren answered. A faint smile shaded his lips. “He actually painted one of you, with me describing the way you looked in your first lifetime.”
“Did he capture me well?” Lucia asked intrigued.
“Yes, he did. It is almost like you are looking back at me from the painting.”
“Did I look much different, then?”
“Yes, very much so. The first two lifetimes you looked somewhat similar, but now, it is like you are another woman,” he confessed. 
Lucia felt a sting of guilt, but not as much as before. “Oh,” she said. “I hope that is not a bad thing.”
“No, of course not. It is you that I love, your heart, your mind, your spirit, not the exterior,” Soren said. “Though, you are very beautiful now too.”
Lucia looked at him, but then looked away quickly, feeling the burden surface in her eyes. “So any other grandchildren?” She wanted to completely purge the guilt. 
“Yes, there is Stina, Vidar and Erlend Junior, who are Liv and Otto’s three children. Stina is extremely well-educated and has an obsession with music. I will tell you more about that later. Then, Vidar is an outdoors type person. He loves to travel and set up camp outside in the back yard. And finally, there is Erlend Junior, the eldest of the youths.” 
“They sound like great youths,” Lucia said.
“They are.”
“Do they have any—gifts, as well?” Lucia had heard Ailia talk about that.
“You mean endowments?” Soren asked.
“Yes, of course. I apologize,” Lucia said, feeling embarrassed. No, not embarrassed, just nervous that he would see through her stories.
“Lucia, you do not need to apologize to me, ever.” Soren smiled and continued. “Solvei has magnified physical senses. She can hear and see things from a faraway distance. She can also sense smells well before everyone else. Martin has the gift of something we call ancestral evocation. He has the ability to contact a being who lived in the past, either a deceased family member or any person really.”
“So, could he contact me in a previous life?” Lucia wondered. That would not be good.
“I suppose he could. Now that would be a fun thing to try!”
“Well—” Lucia hesitated. “I suppose.” Knowing full well she would never allow it. 
“Stina has the gift and power to dull a person’s senses, by either putting them to sleep, easing their pain, or decreasing their sensory awareness,” Soren said solemnly. “And she has recently discovered that she can induce death by song.”
“So, she can kill someone by singing to them?” Lucia wanted to know more about that power and if she could learn to command it. 
“Yes, or about them; they do not even have to be there. Granted, she has only tried it on animals, but I am convinced that it works on humans as well,” Soren said.
“Can anyone learn this— endowment?” 
“No, it is an endowment one is born with,” Soren clarified. “Her gifts, if used wisely, may be valuable to us as we make our move on Eiess.”
“And what about Eiess?  I saw that she was able to control gravity. Is that all?” Lucia asked.
“Well, Eiess is more complicated. She has other endowments, as well, ones that she has developed over the past few thousand years. Technically, she is not considered a demi-mortal. She is an enigma. Her body, though it appears to be made of flesh and bones, is made of something else. We just do not know what,” Soren said. 
“But we are human, right?” Lucia asked.
“Halfway human. We are subject to human frailties and weaknesses, but we are not as easily killed off as a human. That said, if someone knows our weakness, we become an easy target. Drowning, for example, can only kill you. Eiess is well aware of that. If I were to light you on fire, you would not burn. You are Light, so anything pertaining to light will not harm you. Same with me, except I am the opposite of you. I can only die by fire, but not by drowning or anything else. I am a healer and since fire destroys all life, absorbing oxygen, which is the main source of healing, I cannot withstand fire. If Eiess ever finds out my weakness, she could kill me faster than a Viking kills his prey.”
“So, that is how I died before?” Lucia cringed, almost believing now that she was talking about herself.
“Yes, both times,” Soren said. His lips clamped closed, his jaw biting so hard together that the muscles protruded in his face. “The memory of your blue, prune-ridged body still haunts me.” 
“What about Eiess?” Lucia asked.
“What about her?” Soren said.
“Does she have a weakness?” Lucia wondered, leaning forward on her horse. Lucia did not want to admit it, even to herself, but she was slightly interested in getting to know the Empress more intimately. Eiess’s powers fascinated her.
“Well, Eiess is a tough nut to crack. She despises light and seeks the darkness, but she can still endure sunlight and heat very well without dying. It is almost as if she is immune to every element,” Soren said. “Have you had any inclinations maybe?”
“Uh, no, not yet.” Lucia shifted uncomfortably on her saddle. They rode on in silence.
Finally Soren spoke. “Are you hungry? If so, we can stop for some food.” 
“No,” Lucia responded assertively. She cringed immediately and hoped he had not noticed the stressed tone in her voice. Getting to Trollsoe was her only objective, so she could get as far away from Ailia as possible. “And what about Stina, Vidar and Erlend Junior?” she said, trying to keep his interest. 
“Well, Erlend Junior has part of the same endowment you have: seasonal manipulation. But his powers are not as developed or strong. He possesses another gift, the gift of discernment. He can read any person, not their thoughts really, but their intentions, their personality, their soul—”
That was not good news. “So, if he saw me and did not know who I was, would he be able to tell I was the Great Sentinor?” Lucia asked.
“No, his endowment is not that specific, though it has strengthened a lot recently as I understand. His endowment has more to do with reading and recognizing the person’s core or integrity, I suppose.”
Lucia breathed. As long as she did not associate too much with him, she thought she would be able to deceive him. “That is great,” she said, staring into the dusk.
“Vidar has the gift of environmental adaptation. Do not be surprised if you see him wearing nothing but a summer tunic in the middle of winter. He is not affected by weather. It is one of the most impressive things I have seen. He can also see perfectly well in all shades of darkness.”
“That would be a fun endowment to have,” Lucia said, laughing. “I think I would be playing some fun jokes on people. I just hope our grandson is not too interested in secretly watching young ladies undress.”
“Well—” Soren said. “He did it one time when he was thirteen, but he was caught and punished sternly by the young lady’s father.”
“What was the punishment?” Lucia wanted to know.
“He made him choose between undressing in front of everyone in his household or in paying him a silver coin every month until he turned eighteen.”
“Which one did he choose? Wait, I am going to guess he chose the easy way out,” Lucia said.
Soren laughed heartily, his head tilting back as he closed his eyes. He looked mischievously at Lucia. “He actually chose to pay up. He was so embarrassed after that, it made him think twice about ever doing it again.” A laugh escaped Soren’s lips again. Then, he turned more serious. “Of course I am not condoning his behavior. It was a big deal at Sorenhall. Liv was and still is to this day, appalled that her son would do such a thing. She raised them to be good Christian men, seeking after chaste women. You will like her,” Soren finished.
“Sounds like he learned his lesson,” Lucia said. Christians? Ugh! Lucia started thinking her new life with Soren might not be such a good fit after all.
“Yes. He will be done paying the young lady’s father in two years,” Soren said.
“Poor boy.”
Soren yawned. “If we ride on further for just another hour or so, we will arrive in Solnes and we will be able to stay indoors overnight. Does that sound like something you would like?” he asked.
“Absolutely!” Lucia said, excited to be out of the cold. She had never slept outdoors before, other than when she was waiting for Nora at the end of that wretched cold tunnel and it was not something she ever wanted to do again. She definitely considered herself an indoor girl. “There is so much I do not know. I am feeling a little overwhelmed at the moment.” Lucia felt concerned that her descendants would be the end of her.
“Anything I can do to help?” Soren offered.
“Well, just support me when I need it. I have a feeling I will be needing a lot of it,” Lucia said.
“I will be honored to.” He bowed gentlemanly on his horse and smiled at her.
She smiled back. He is so gullible, but a sweetheart, though.
They rode on for some time in silence, listening to all the sounds of the black forest night.
 “We should be arriving shortly at Solnes, the next small village. I know a family that will let us stay overnight. We should be seeing the lights from Solnes’s lit torches soon. Then, in the morning, we can travel on through the Small Mountains and Northland Forest before veering off to Hellsinker,” Soren said.
They kept on riding a ways, but no torches appeared in the distance. Without sound or warning, a little girl appeared, bloodied, walking with a blanket around her small frame. She could not be more than seven or eight years of age. Her big brown eyes looked up at Lucia and then Soren, her face serious, yet without emotion. They stopped their horses and Lucia jumped off immediately.
“Are you hurt?” Lucia asked, approaching the little girl. “Where are your parents?” she asked, looking around, as if she would be able to see them in the night.
The girl spoke no words but only stood in silence and stared at Lucia.
“What is your name girl?” Soren asked, descending from Volomite.
The girl took a step back and scowled.
“You are frightening her,” Lucia said to Soren. Turning to the girl, she said, “It is going to be all right, you will see.” She knelt down to be at the girl’s eye level. 
The girl’s lower lip pouted out as she closed her sorrowful eyes. A whimper escaped her bruised lips. 
“What happened to you, my sweet girl?” Lucia crept closer to the child in an effort to endear the child to her. “Will you whisper it to me?” Lucia held her arms out, welcoming the lost little angel.
The girl stepped closer and paused, looking as if she was thinking about whether or not she should say something, her eyes wanting to tell, but her fear probably holding her back. Her body shivered and a lonely tear mixed with blood skimmed down her cheek. She stepped closer to Lucia and leaned her head forward to Lucia’s ear.
“The Vikings are here,” she whispered.




26

Viking attack

After all the travelers had left Brandergaard, an eerie atmosphere lingered in the stuffy longhouse. Sigrid was eagerly weaving on the loom, which was situated in the corner by the back of the house. She quietly hummed an old Anglo-Saxon tune Ailia had heard her sing many times before. Its ghostly melody did not help lighten the mood. 


Let us all remember
All those that died that winter’s night
As we scurry on our path.
No one knew
That one kiss farewell would be their last

As they close the door
For all who are left behind, the memories haunt
 We still climb the tall mountains
Speaking of the pain of loss we share
The loss of those who live no more

Let us all remember
Our lives will not ever be the same
 We face the 
new world alone
Let us all remember
While the time slowly passes
We are all left behind to sorrow

Let us all remember
That winter's night became their final
As life continued on its eternal cycle
Do not forget
Some lives continue, yet for others
Today will be their last.

Ailia wasn’t sure if Sigrid had chosen that song intentionally, or if she was just singing it out of habit. It was a poor choice either way. 
Brander and Ivar had decided it be best if Ivar stayed to protect Ailia. Unni had travelled with the teenage neighbor boy to Hammerburg. It was unlikely that Lucia and Soren had headed in that direction, but it needed to be covered just in case. Hammerburg was only a two-day journey away on horseback, so Unni would be returning within the week if she couldn’t locate or track them down.
Ailia couldn’t sit still. She concluded that the best thing she could do was to clear her mind and try to find some more answers. Her mother’s grave was her preferred place to be when she needed to think and sort her thoughts out. Even though she knew that her mother was just as far away from her in her house as at the gravesite, she felt closer to her when she could see and touch the rune stone. She pulled her overcoat on, strapped on her boots and headed outside. 
Ivar was busy chopping firewood. He paused when he saw Ailia. “Where do you think you are headed, young lady?” he asked with no lightness in his voice.
“To the Bergendal Stave Church—uh—will you escort me perhaps?” Ailia asked.
“Yes, of course, my lady. This firewood can wait until later,” he said. He imbedded his heavyweight ax onto the giant log he was working on and proceeded to straighten out his clothes, brushing the sawdust off them. “Nothing like chopping wood to keep you warm—and foul-smelling,” he said, laughing. 
It was the first time Ailia had heard him try to crack a joke. She didn’t think his joke was funny at all; maybe that was why he didn’t open his mouth much. She tried to laugh, but her laugh came out sounding more like a whimper.
Ivar looked at her and nodded briefly. “Ready when you are, my lady.”
Ailia tried to sense if there was any animosity in his voice, but he sounded genuinely glad to help her. She wasn’t used to being waited upon. Her life had been one of service to others. Having someone serve her in this manner felt uncomfortably unfamiliar. She smiled at him, hoping she wouldn’t bore him with her company.
They started toward the church and walked in silence until Ailia finally thought of something that would be worthy of conversation. 
“How did you come to be employed at the castle for the king, uh, my father, I mean?” Even after all these months of knowing that King Olav was her father, Ailia still had a hard time accepting who she truly was.
Ivar looked at her briefly and almost smiled. “Well, I was a young lad, twelve, maybe thirteen, no definitely twelve, when my father died at the hands of his brother in a sword duel of honor. At the time, I was a very small boy, probably the smallest twelve-year-old in Asker,” he huffed. 
“My father was a very proud man, seeking honor and respect at any cost and he had become infatuated with the idea of being revered and in appearing upright in society. My uncle had a very jovial personality and had jokingly made a comment about me, something like I should have been born a girl—I was so small. It did not bother me much, but my father insisted he take the comment back and apologize to him in front of our chieftain. When my uncle refused, my father became furious and insisted on a duel between the two. It ended badly. I lost my father and my mother lost her husband, all in the name of pride and respectability.” Ivar looked into the horizon. 
“I vowed to live each day in an honorable manner, so I could gain the respect my father once sought. I felt it was the way to honor his memory. So, when King Olav announced a few years later that he was looking for young men to train for his guard, I eagerly traveled to Bergendal and signed up. By then, I had grown quite a bit, even rising above my uncle. I think he felt horrible the rest of his life for killing my father. He even took my widowed mother in after I left and fed her, clothed her and gave her a home until she died,” Ivar finished.
“And how did you come to be one of the king’s right-hand guards?” Ailia asked. She had no idea Ivar had such a sorrowful past.
“I did not know it at the time, but subconsciously, I set my own standards so high, even higher than what the king expected of me. I suppose he took notice and hired me to report to him directly. After that, I was finally promoted to the king’s chief guard,” Ivar said. His posture improved and the energy in his voice accelerated as he spoke.
“Quite an accomplishment,” Ailia said. 
“I was just doing my duty,” Ivar said.
“I would say it was more than that,” Ailia said. “I understand that my father trusted you completely. It’s a rare man who can be entrusted to such a level and I am sure my father considered you among one of his highest blessings. Every kingdom needs a good leader, but the leader needs support, needs to stand on the shoulders of grand men and women. Without them, the leader wouldn’t reach very high at all, I’m sure.” Ailia thought a moment about her situation. She needed to select the right people to help her through these coming times. That was the first step in her plan! Excitement grew in her bosom. She had known it all along, but she hadn’t been able to put it into words until now. She realized that it was important to prepare herself, but that it was equally important that she select and then prepare, her supporters, not just accept whomever was there. This became as clear in her mind as the burning sun on a bright summer’s day. Lucia’s betrayal is as deep as the ocean. Ailia sorrowed because she realized that she would never be able to trust her own sister completely again and that Lucia would not be a part of her future the way Ailia had envisioned.
They arrived at the Bergendal Stave Church right after the sun had descended below the mountains. Low-lying dense fog covered the white valley bringing with it a rather unwelcome frost and it became difficult to see even a few feet ahead. 
Ailia walked over to the familiar sight, the tall rune stone that stood erected in her mother’s honor. Each time she neared the burial place, an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia overcame her. Standing there beside Ivar in front of her mother’s grave, another thing finally dawned on her. She needed to start realizing her potential, her destiny and the force that she had been endowed with. The game which she was playing would only end the way she wanted if and only if, she stepped into it with both feet, grabbed it with both hands and saw it with both eyes. 
“Eyes see to the future,” Unni had always said. Now, she saw what was in front of her and no longer regretted what was behind her. The ending had already been established, the victory set up for her. Now, she needed to become worthy to claim it, to take it and make it her own. 
Her bosom burned with fervor, her heart felt strong and courageous, knowing that she was the Great Sentinor. She saw life as it was, like she had never seen before and it was hers for the taking, her right, her privilege. She looked over at Ivar standing so gallantly beside her, protecting her, serving her. She knew she must claim her rightful position and not live in excuses, nor fears, any longer.
“My lady,” Ivar said and knelt before her, bowing his head in a knightly manner. 
She thought it strange that he would bow to her here in front of the church. Then, she noticed that it had become lighter around her and wondered where the light was coming from. It was not a blazing light, nor a bright one, but a soft radiant glow and suddenly, she realized that it was coming from her skin. It was barely perceptible, but nevertheless perceptible, to her in the dusk. She sighed in amazement and took off her mittens to better see her skin. The light from her skin dimmed slowly until it was noticeable no more. “Did you see—that?” she asked Ivar. 
“Yes, my lady,” he said. “You were—glowing.”
“I was glowing,” she said and walked over to the rune stone. “I’m the light source and there’s no reason I shouldn’t be able to find what I’m looking for. I believe my father inscribed this rune stone with directions on how to find the Aesira scrolls. My mother said in her letter to me that ‘A wise woman seeks after the words of her parents.’ These and the letter she wrote to me, are the only words that I have from them. I have read her letter a hundred times and found nothing. But maybe there is something to be found here.”
“I know your mother’s favorite symbol was the Valknut symbol, this one here.” Ivar pointed to the symbol engraved on the rune stone. 
“Well, what is significant about it?” Ailia asked herself more than Ivar. “Hmm—It has three interwoven triangles. The symbol isn’t really related to our family in any way, is it?”
“No, not that I know,” Ivar answered. “But, there is a pattern here, though. Everything is in threes.”
“So, maybe every third gravestone has something on it?” Ailia said. 
They both walked over to different gravestones and searched their surfaces for something hidden.
“There is nothing on mine, is there anything on yours?” Ivar asked.
“No,” Ailia answered. 
“Let us look at one more,” Ivar said, now seeming very excited to be searching for a secret encryption. They found nothing of interest, not even a small inscription or indent, on any of the stones. They were all perfectly round.
“Maybe on the rune stone itself?  Ivar suggested. How about every third sentence?” They tried to read it but it did not make any sense. 
“What about every third word,” Ailia said. They looked at each other believing they were onto something. “Inside—the—Queen—concealed—and—buried—the—Holy—” Ailia’s heart jumped. “We need something to write on,” Ailia said. She cursed herself for not bringing her bag.
“I will go ask Bishop Peter.” Ivar ran toward the church even before Ailia had a chance to answer. He came back with Bishop Peter on his heels. 
“What have we here?” Bishop Peter asked politely, still securing his overcoat around his waist with a pen and scroll in hand.
“We believe there is a message on the rune stone,” Ailia replied. “Will you write the words while I read them out loud?”
“Of course,” Bishop Peter said. “I often wondered if this rune stone had any other purposes,” he said, sliding his hand across the words. “Whenever you are ready, Ailia.”
Ailia nodded and started deciphering the message from the beginning again. It was almost dark outside now and difficult to make out the letters. “Inside—the queen concealed and buried the Holy—Northern Jewel and Sacred—Consecrated writings for the one—elect being—Born and pre-mortally destined for—every victorious end. These will conquer the destroyer—All are hidden inside—Bergendal Church. 
“Read it for me Bishop Peter,” Ailia said, so excited she could hardly stand it. “Read it! Does it make any sense?” 
He read it out loud for her and when he finished, they shot excited glances at each other.
“How did you figure it out?” Bishop Peter asked. 
“The Valknut Symbol. Three sides, three triangles, every—third—word—” Ailia said, slowing toward the end. “Is there a Valknut symbol inside the church?” 
Bishop Peter thought for a moment. “Well, the church was built for your mother, by your mother’s builders, so I imagine that it must be where the scrolls are hidden or buried. I don’t remember there being one, but I wasn’t the bishop here when the church came into service. If there’s a Valknut symbol inside, it’s probably hidden in some detailed painting or carving which would go unnoticed by anyone.”
“I think it would be wise to continue the search now. What do you think?” Ivar said.
“Yes, I agree. Let me first make sure my Deacons are praying properly in their rooms before we start rampaging the church. I think they would think I have gone mad and it’s best to keep things like these between us only. Shall we?” Bishop Peter said.
It was wonderful to be indoors again. Ailia had barely noticed how freezing and numb her fingers had become from being outside. Her cheeks burned as they entered into the warm air. 
After Bishop Peter had settled his Deacons, he came back out and pointed them each in different directions to look for the Valknut symbol. 
There were numerous paintings and engravings and Ailia fretted, thinking it would take way too long to find the Valknut symbol. Maybe if she read the writings from her mother again, there may be some clues as to where she had hidden the scrolls and the Aesira Jewel.
“The rune stone mentions 'Great,' which could also mean Jesus or Mary. It also mentioned the destroyer, which could mean Satan or sinners. Maybe we should start there,” Ailia yelled out into the chapel.
“Shh—” Bishop Peter cautioned her. 
“Oh, I’m sorry. In my excitement I forgot to be reverent in the Lord’s house,” Ailia said. 
“No, that’s not what I meant. I just don’t want the Deacons to hear us,” Bishop Peter said.
Ailia smirked. She meandered over in front of the Rotunda and looked up at the hovering Crucifix. She let her eyes wander the room, searching for any triangular symbols in the paintings that covered the walls. Before, when she had studied these paintings, she had searched for the meaning of life and the meaning of the afterlife. Now, as she let her eyes glide across the canvases, she was hunting for a sign that would save not only her life, but also the life of all people in Midgard. Where could the Valknut symbol be? Her mother would not have hidden it too well, for her mother would have had to known that no one would ever find it. “Anything?” she yelled to Ivar.
“No, nothing here,” Ivar said.
Ailia entered the holy rotunda and looked at the painting of the last supper on the vaulted ceiling. Christ was centered in the middle, with his apostles surrounding Him, partaking of the first sacrament. She looked around to see if she could find a small stool to stand on to get a better view and grabbed a small stool that was stationed on the floor next to the pulpit. Standing on it, she could almost reach the ceiling now. She squinted her eyes, trying to make out the details. 
“Here you are. This will help you see better,” Bishop Peter said, handing her a torch. “Just don’t hold it too close to the paintings or you will burn them.” 
Ailia gladly accepted the torch and held it up closer to the ceiling while Bishop Peter walked away to continue his own search.
“Perhaps your mother didn’t embed the scrolls in the ceiling. They could be on statues, on the walls or on the floors,” Ivar said, coming over with his own torch. He then proceeded over to the square soapstone font.
“Maybe,” Ailia said. She hopped down from the stool and looked down on the rotunda floor. To her amazement, a large, lighter-colored pine triangle was imbedded in the slightly darker floor. How had she not noticed it before? It was only one triangle though, not three like on the Valknut symbol. 
“Bishop Peter—over here!” she said, not wanting to be too excited but thinking she was definitely making progress.
“Yes, coming!” Bishop Peter rushed over to Ailia.
“Look,” she said, pointing to the floor with her torch. “A triangle.”
He looked down at the floor and his gigantic eyes looked even larger than normal. “Yes, a triangle.” 
“Do you think my mother could have separated the three triangles and placed each one in separate locations in the church?” Ailia asked.
“Well, the triangle is a symbol in Christianity too, but it could mean something. Let’s keep looking for more,” Bishop Peter said, moving his slender, gangly frame. 
They discovered another triangle embedded in the floor by the front door. They kept searching for a third one, but they couldn’t find it. 
Finally, Ivar found something. “Come look over here,” he said, pointing to the soapstone font. “Around the font, on the floor—” He circled his torch above the floor.
“The third triangle,” Bishop Peter said.
“It has to be it. Three triangles, just like on the Valknut symbol,” Ailia said. “Let’s try and dig up the one in the rotunda first.”
“All right, but we must be careful to not damage the floor,” Bishop Peter cautioned as they ran over to the rotunda. He carefully guided his finger along the edge of the triangle to see if there was any ledge to lift it. After trying for a while, he said, “Let’s try the font instead.”
They made their way over and all stood in silence for a moment, looking at the square soapstone font. Four stout pillars comprised the font’s base and Jesus, Mary and the Apostles were all carved into the pillar walls. 
Bishop Peter knelt down and crawled around the font, his hands searching the surface of it. “There is something here that resembles—a triangle,” the Bishop said as he looked behind one of the four pillars. 
Ailia stepped closer and knelt down beside him to look. It was hard to see, but she could make out a small Valknut symbol hidden in the sophisticated design.
“The Valknut symbol!” Ailia said.
“There it is!” Bishop Peter said. He scooted in closer to get a better look. 
All of a sudden, a torch broke through one of the stained-glass windows. The sharp, crashing sound of glass hitting the floor echoed through the chapel. The torch hit Ailia’s leg, the flames nearly setting fire to her dress. She kicked the torch away and brushed the flames off her skirt. 
“Are you all right?” Ivar asked. “Did it burn you?”
“No, I’m fine. What’s happening?” she asked.
One of the young Deacons burst in through the back door. “We are being attacked by Vikings!” he yelled, his eyes glowing with the fear of death. “They are setting the church on fire!  What do we do?” he asked Bishop Peter frantically. 
They all looked to Bishop Peter for their next move, but he was paying no attention to them. His focus was on the impressively stunning jewel he had just pulled from inside the hollow font.



27

Confession 

The young girl had disappeared as quickly as she had appeared, running into the forest, vanishing into the shadows of the moonlit night. Lucia had tried to run after her, but Soren urged her not to. 
“When we get closer to Solnes, we will need to carefully assess the situation. If what that girl told us is true, then we will not be staying over in Solnes. We will have to find a detour and continue our journey through the night. We can then camp where it is safe. It will be too risky for us to stay there,” Soren said.
“I just hope the girl is not right,” Lucia said, but her gut told her that she was. 
“Chances are she is. Young children are not usually the target of Vikings. They are looking for youths or adults who can be made into thralls or sold to become thralls. I just hope the attack is local and they have not thought to attack Bergendal where your family is. Maybe we should be heading back?” 
“No, I am sure they are fine. Bergendal is so far away from here,” Lucia said.
“I am worried about Ailia and the others. Their lives could be in danger,” Soren said.
“Well, Soren, you are just one man. It is not like you could save them if the Vikings had attacked,” Lucia said. “We must focus on our lives, building our future together and let the others go,” Lucia pushed.
“Something does not feel right,” Soren said, ignoring Lucia’s prodding. He looked unusually pale. “I could help a great deal if they were in trouble,” Soren said. “I know you are still learning, but we Sentinors are capable of a lot more than you might think.”
“They will be fine,” Lucia said, knowing if they went back, her lies would be exposed.
“Do not take this the wrong way, but if it were my family back there, I would turn back in an instant.” Soren sounded stern.
“Yes, I am sure you would, but you do not know Ailia the way I know her.” Which is true, she thought.
“I hope us leaving so abruptly and her affection for me, hasn’t caused a rift between the two of you?” Soren said. 
Lucia sighed impatiently. “Of course not.” Why is he bothering me about this?
“Because family is so important—at least to me,” Soren said.
“Me too,” Lucia said. He does not understand how my family has lied to me, betrayed me and used me. I hate them for that. 
“I get the impression that you are holding something back from me—” Soren said.
“No, not that I can think of,” Lucia replied, short and sweet. “Ailia was just getting too pushy and I felt very uncomfortable when she told me that she had feelings for you.” 
 “So, everything is not fine between you two. Is that what I am hearing? I sensed some tension from you while Ailia was around,” Soren pressed.
“Everything is just fine,” Lucia said, trying to smile naturally. 
“I have to be honest with you. I feel that there is something you are not telling me. I want us to be able to have a completely open relationship and not have to hide anything. Are you sure everything is fine?” Soren said.
Lucia exhaled sharply. I cannot do this anymore. He will find out soon; I am sure of it. Besides, it probably is not worth it anyway. She squeezed her eyes closed and huffed. Should I tell him? Almost being too afraid to consider the thought.
“Lucia?” he asked, waiting for her reply.
“Please just leave me alone! I do not want to talk about it. Can you not understand that?” she snapped.
“Lucia, whatever it is, I am sure we can talk through it. Nothing should come between us, especially not your family. I hope you can trust me enough to open up,” Soren said. 
Lucia looked at him. He must know. He must just be waiting for me to admit my transgression. He was probably just playing with her, tormenting her with his crafty plans and bogus ideals. “There is nothing wrong, do you understand?” she said.
“Well, I would say there is something very wrong, or you would not be acting up like this.”
“Very well. You want me to admit it? I am not who you think I am, Soren,” Lucia finally said. She gasped from what she had said and her hand hit her mouth.
“What do you mean? How could you be anyone other than yourself, anyone other than Lucia—the Bearer of Light?” Soren asked.
She could not hold back her tongue. “Think about it Soren. I am the Bearer of Light.”
“Yes—?” 
“What does Bearer of Light mean?” Lucia asked.
“That you bear the light, I suppose. Why are we talking about this? I just want to see if I can help you in your relationship with Ailia,” Soren said.
“That is just the point. You do not get it.” Lucia had had enough of him. He did not love her. That was obvious. The truth hurt and if she was completely honest with herself, this whole made up story had only been about Lucia getting her way, not about love.
“Well, I would if you told me.” Soren seemed frustrated now.
“Why are you trying to humiliate me?” Lucia asked.
“I am not. I would never try to humiliate you.”
“Well, you are.” Lucia folded her arms in front of her chest.
“If I am, I apologize, but that is not my desire,” Soren said softly, as sincerely as Lucia had ever heard him.
Something snapped inside Lucia. She could not keep up the façade for another minute. This was going to be painful on so many levels. She truly adored Soren, but did she love him? No. And he did not love her either. He needs to love me for me, if this is going to work, not because he thinks I am Lucia, or Ailia, or blah! Even thinking about it made her crazy. Besides, I do not want to turn out to be like my parents. It was the most genuine thought she had had all day. 
“I do not know how to say this, but I have deceived you.” Lucia sunk her face into the palms of her hands. I cannot believe I am telling him. There is still time to run away, to keep up the illusion. My parents’ illusion—my illusion.
Soren remained silent for a moment. 
“Please forgive me. You see, I thought I loved you and I always thought that you would become my husband. Ever since my childhood I dreamt of us being married and raising a family together,” Lucia said.
“And we will,” Soren said softly, still smiling, unaware of the revelation he was about to have. “Wait, you do not love me?”
“No, I do not and no, we will not raise a family.” Lucia cried and laughed at the same time. She stopped the horse and jumped off, not knowing what to do with herself. She paced back and forth on the snow-covered road.
“Lucia, what are you doing?” he asked and jumped off of Volomite, rushing over to her. He slowly turned her around and looked into her eyes. “I love you and we are going to get married. Trust me, no matter what you have done, it is fine,” Soren said. “It is not as if I am perfect either, you know. While I was waiting for you, I was sorely tempted to—”
“Please, just let me speak!” Lucia said, though now she was curious about what he had done.
“I love you. That is what is true and that is all we need to know here and now.” He kissed her on the forehead. “I know it has been confusing with Ailia in the picture, but—we have to do what is right.”
“You do not know what I have done,” she said, twisting her way out of his arms. “You do not know who I am. I have been such a—liar,” Lucia said, finally giving herself the name, which was rightfully hers.
Soren scooped her back up into his embrace and held her. 
Lucia enjoyed having his affection, but she knew it was just a matter of time before he would despise her and see nothing more than a fraudulent liar standing before him. She hated him for that already. “I am not your Spiritus Amor. You are not accepting or even trying to hear what I have to say. You are holding onto your truth so strongly that any other would be a lie!” Lucia could tell from his facial expression that he was trying really hard to wrap his mind around what she was saying, but he was still not quite getting it. “Kiss me,” Lucia said. She just wanted to see if there could ever be any passion between them and wanted to have him want her one more time. 
He pulled her closer and squeezed her tight in his arms and then kissed her gently at first. 
Lucia tried to soak up the love Soren was showering her with, the attention he was giving her so freely. But it felt so wrong. His kiss became more passionate now, a force to quench his soul’s fiery thirst. He was honest and true. She was deceitful. Maybe, she was starting to feel the passion now? She tried. But no, it was not there. It had never been. 
She knew what she had to do and pulled back abruptly. She could take no more of these lies, her lies that corroded away her insides burning them useless and unrecognizable. Ailia would hate her for this. Soren would hate her for this. She knew it, but she could not care about their feelings anymore. She should only care that she did not continue to live the lies of her parents and that she was true to herself. “I will understand if you do not want to see me ever again after I tell you the whole truth,” she said, looking away, hiding the appalling reality, which could easily be read in her eyes had Soren only looked more closely. 
“This is not the Lucia I know,” Soren said. “You are acting so different from what I remember.”
Lucia could see in his eyes that he had begun to question who she was. “Please, shut up and just let me speak! Do not say another word. I need to think about how I am going to say this to you,” Lucia said, her brows furrowing in deep thought.
“Very well,” Soren said without another word.
Lucia wanted to be as direct as possible with him, so there was no room for any more ‘misunderstandings’. “Ailia is the Great Sentinor. I am not.” Lucia looked away and waited for his reaction.
“What?” Soren said, taking a step closer to her. 
“My parents named me Lucia so that everyone, including you, would think that I am the Great Sentinor. They did this to protect Ailia, the true Great Sentinor, so she would have a chance at destroying Eiess. They thought that if they created this—lie, her life would be spared. They used me!” Lucia was yelling now. 
Soren’s face paled. “You are not joking, are you—?” It was more of a statement than a question.
Lucia shook her head as her eyes welled up with regrets of her duplicity. She looked at his face, searched his eyes and saw the moment of change when he fully realized the truth. It was that moment he went from loving her to despising her. “Soren, I am so sorry. I just, I—something came over me and I just wanted to be with you. I—I thought I loved you. I wanted to love you,” she tried to explain. She could see that her apologies meant nothing to him.
Soren gestured to her to be quiet. “At no time in my lengthy life have I ever felt so betrayed,” he said. “How long have you known?”
“Ever since I met Ailia,” Lucia said. “Well, before, actually. I was the one who told her who she was.”
He nodded briefly, not looking at her. “We need to get back now.”
Lucia nodded.
He walked over to Volomite but stopped and turned to face Lucia again. “Do you know that I struggled with whether to go with you or not? I felt something for Ailia, but I chose to do what I thought was right. I chose to go with you because I trusted you and because I thought you were—Never mind what I thought. I was wrong. You have not got a single decent bone in your body. Do you know the damage you have caused us? Do you know that Ailia could be captured by the Vikings right now?” His voice was quiet but brutal.
“I am sorry, Soren,” Lucia said, barely able to speak. “I am so sorry.” She did truly mean it.
He looked at her coldly. “I will hear no more words from your lips, for your words are words of dishonesty and deception.” He jumped on his horse and waited for Lucia to mount hers. They galloped down the snowy path in silence, both carrying their own tender burdens and remorseful regrets.
Lucia knew she could not object and that she was nothing but a problem and hindrance to him now. Her heart mourned the loss of a love that was never rightfully hers. And what would she say to Ailia once she met her face to face? She did not want to confront her sister who she had betrayed. No, Ailia betrayed me!  Perhaps, if she just let Soren ride ahead of her, she could just slip away forever.



28

Captured 

“Bishop!” Ailia yelled the loudest she thought her voice could yell, pulling his attention back to reality. “The Vikings are burning the church down!” 
Bishop Peter looked at Ailia. “What?” he said, looking almost as if he had just woken up.
“We must stop the Vikings, or they’ll burn the church down and the scrolls with it!” Ailia said.
One more torch cracked through another stained-glass window, landing on one of the pews, bouncing on impact. Ivar darted over, picked it up and chucked it back out the same broken window it had entered. 
 Suddenly, the front door opened with full force, the splintering sound of breaking wood reaching all the way to the font where Ailia and the others stood. A heavily-weapon-laden Viking with long blond hair and a full red beard entered in through the door. Four other large Vikings followed behind him. Their thick burgundy wool tunics all had black embroidered ravens on them and on their heads, they wore simple iron helmets that covered their ears and necks. 
“My, oh my, look who we have here.” The leader said and smiled wickedly when he saw Ailia. “Finn, grab that one there!  She’s mine! Remember me, Ailia?” the leader said, pointing at Ailia as soon as he saw her.
“Should I?” Ailia asked. Is that—?
“Gunnar!” Ivar yelled from the pews, stepping into the hallway, becoming a barrier between Ailia and their attackers. 
Ailia recognized him now. Gunnar had been a friend of their family long ago. But there was something more she wasn’t remembering. She could sense it.
“Ah, Ivar,” Gunnar said. “This time, you will not rob me of my woman.”
“She is not your woman. Leave her be, Gunnar. If our former friendship meant anything to you at all, leave her be and we will be on our way.” Ivar stood unwavering in his spot with his feet firmly planted on the floor. His hand was already reaching and preparing to unleash his sword.	
“Friendship?  We had no friendship. You made sure of that when you deprived me of my freedom. Don’t deceive yourself into thinking that I was ever your friend or you mine.” Gunnar spewed and spit on the floor, the frothy discharge landing right in front of Ivar. “Take her Finn,” Gunnar commanded again, signaling his head in Ailia’s direction while holding his hands on his hips as if he owned the city and everyone in it.
Finn quickly took to walking toward Ivar and Ailia, his sword already drawn from its casing. Backing up, Ailia panicked and tripped over a pew. Ivar responded by drawing his sword in return and stepping forward ready for assault. 
“Do not disgrace the Lord’s house!” Bishop Peter demanded, raising both hands up into the air where he still stood by the font. 
Meanwhile, Ailia could hear the hammering sounds of planks being nailed into the exterior walls over the windows. The Vikings were probably planning to pack the church full of Bergendalers and burn it down, but only after they had relieved the church of all its gold, silver and other valuables. 
Finn came down the center of the pews toward Ivar, swinging his sword so fast that it could cut through a man like butter. Their swords met, chiming loudly as they collided in the holy sanctuary.
“You know, Ivar, talk is cheap, but friendship is even cheaper. I’ve learned this valuable truth from you: once a friend, soon an enemy.” Gunnar was standing in the corner, shouting over the loud blows of the crashing swords. “I used to believe in it, like perhaps you still do, yet now, I find myself a much happier man. I’ve put aside those childish impracticalities and have become a real man. I find the money I want, I take the women I want, I demand respect and I live in excitement every day. Now, what man wouldn’t want that?”
The three other Vikings who were watching the duel nodded in agreement.
“Haven’t I given you all you ever wanted, boys?” Gunnar turned his head around and asked the Vikings.
“Yes!” they all praised.
“This is a Viking’s life, Ivar. Why don’t you join us and I’ll give you this little handmaiden as your first reward. Ah, look at her, Ivar! She is youthful, beautiful and she has a flower that is still waiting to be taken. I can taste girls like her a mile away. They are ready and waiting for a man to make a woman out of them! This time, she’ll break—I can feel it.”
His improper proposition sounded despicable to Ailia and she felt disgusted even thinking about his uncivilized suggestion. “Who do you think you are to give my life away?” she snapped from the back.
“Ooh, this will be a real exciting game,” Gunnar laughed. “I can already see the battle concluding in my favor. Your freedom has ended and now you finally belong to me, my sweet blossom!” he said, claiming his prize before he had won it.
Ailia felt violated and disgusted at the same time.
Ivar and Finn kept at each other, both powerfully fighting for their lives, though for two completely different reasons: one to take away freedom, one to keep it. 
The sword duel escalated, both men appearing physically tired, panting, groaning and grunting as they chopped at each other, destroying and hacking at the pews when they missed. Finn gave Ivar a shove, knocking him to the floor, and boastfully walked over to Ailia, who had now run into the rotunda behind the pulpit to distance herself from the fight. He held his sword high and came at her as if he would chop her down. 
She cringed, thinking her life was over.
Then, he lowered his sword, stroking it up against her face, pressing the blade into her skin. 
She felt the edge pierce her skin and she winced at the pain.
“Finn!” Gunnar yelled back at him. “The girl is mine! You lay a finger on her and you die,” he warned, leaving no room for misunderstandings.
Finn laughed mockingly, but he obeyed his chieftain and stepped back.
Ailia never imagined that the battle for her life would start so soon and she regretted having given into her laziness and not planning better for an attack such as this one. Ailia could see that Ivar was out of practice and he looked ashamed for having taken the first beating of the combat. This could very well cost her and Ivar their lives. 
Ivar got up, shook off his defeat and snuck up right behind Finn, raising his sword high up so he could finish him off. But the savage was too quick. Finn dodged Ivar’s sword, which became imbedded in the altar instead. 
The Vikings all laughed as Ivar jerked the sword out of the sanctified table.
“So, what do you say, Ivar? I’d hate to see a strong, trained soldier like you return home to Valhalla years too early. Life’s simply too enjoyable to leave. Join me and you’ll all be spared and live and reign with us as kings—and queen—” he said, looking at Ailia. “—of Midgard!” Gunnar promoted. He was a good advocate for the Viking life. 
“I am not at all enticed by your future promises. A man who would live off of the welfare of others is no man to respect or follow. You think this is the life, Gunnar? Living off of others, murdering innocent lives, plundering churches and instilling fear in the hearts of innocent people? The friend I once knew is dead if this is the man who is standing before me,” Ivar yelled as he fought off Finn, jabbing at him quicker than before, trying to finish him off. “I will never join you, for living a life like yours is worth less than not existing at all. I do not live to serve my passions like a primitive animal that only knows how to eat, sleep and piss, but I live so that others may benefit from my life.” 
Their swords met, metal to metal, ringing with every clash. Finn lunged forward, jabbing at Ivar who aggressively riposted Finn’s advance by swerving around and forcing his sword to the ground. Ivar stepped on Finn’s arm, locking his weapon useless. Pressing his sword up to Finn’s throat, he said, “Now, let us go and we will spare your lives.”
Gunnar started clapping, applauding the duel’s end, but laughed mockingly at his idealistic command. “In case you have not noticed, I have three other willing strong Vikings ready to fight, with hundreds more outside and if I charge all of them on you, you will be dismembered faster than the flash of Thor’s almighty lightning bolt.”
Finn was tugging uselessly to get out of Ivar’s deadlock, trying to free his arm. 
“I am not playing games, Gunnar. I will not bat an eyelash if I have to take this Viking’s life, especially if it means I must do that to get out of here alive. Now, let us go. One more threat from you and I will end this man’s life,” Ivar said.
Gunnar paused. “Well, I’m sure glad I’m not in Finn’s position,” he said. “You’re a skilled swordsman, Ivar, I’ll give you that. Even at your age and with the extra blubber you’ve put on. It appears I’ve underestimated you and, in the process, overestimated Finn.” 
Finn snarled at Gunnar.
“I hope this is not still about King Olav rejecting you in his guard?” Ivar said.
Gunnar’s face froze. “No, this is about Ragnvei,” Gunnar said.
“But, I spared your life and then you left her to die!” Ivar said.
“It was your fault that she died!” Gunnar yelled back. 
Finn looked at Gunnar with pleading eyes, but it was to no avail. 
“Kill the damn fool,” Gunnar said, staring Ivar in the eyes. “He’s been a very disappointing Viking from the start.”
He left Ivar no choice, if he wanted to live and have any chances of saving Ailia. Ivar raised his sword and, with one deft move, decapitated Finn.
“Now, Ivar, why did you have to go that route?” Gunnar said. He looked at Bishop Peter whose jaw was wide open. “Just remember who desecrated the church first, Your Holiness,” he said, raising his eyebrows as a smile glazed his lips.
Bishop Peter ran through the back door and disappeared, with the Aesira Jewel in hand.
“Bishop!” Ailia yelled after him, but he didn’t respond. Is he a coward after all?
 Ivar stood up tall and gave Gunnar a fierce look. “Who’s next?” he said. 
The other three Vikings looked ready to attack at Gunnar’s command.
“Get that bastard and kill him. And bring me the girl alive!” Gunnar commanded.
All three Vikings started moving, slightly hesitantly, toward Ivar. Just then, Bishop Peter came back out without the Aesira Jewel, but with a loaded crossbow. He wasted no time in shooting one of the Vikings in the chest and quickly re-loaded the crossbow again with another bolt. This time, he leveled the crossbow directly at Gunnar. “I’m going to give you one chance to get out, or I’ll shoot again,” he said, his hands shaking like leaves on a tree in the middle of a storm. “I’m going to count to three and then I’ll shoot again,” he warned.
“Now, certainly we can work this out, Your Excellency—” Gunnar said, his voice as humble as an angel’s. 
“One—” Bishop Peter could not be deterred. “Two—”
“All right, all right, I will take my men and leave,” Gunnar said, finally backing down, oozing, still scheming victory from his eyeballs. The remaining Vikings left the chapel and closed the double doors behind them.
“They’ve surrendered too quickly. They’ll be back soon with more men,” Ailia said frantically. 
“Where in Thor’s name did you get that crossbow and learn how to use it?” Ivar asked Bishop Peter.
“Well, I’ve traveled quite a bit. I purchased this piece from a constable from the Southlandic Kingdom when I was there. Most people don’t know this, but before I committed to becoming a Bishop, I was training to become an archer for King Olav,” he said, looking rather proud.
“We will talk later,” Ivar said.
Bishop Peter agreed and said, “I think the best exit strategy is to depart from the back of the church.”
Ailia folded her arms stubbornly across her chest. “We cannot and I will not leave without the scrolls. If the church burns down, I’ll burn down with it.”
“We have no choice. There is no time to look, now,” Ivar barked, sweating from the duel.
“But, they will burn the church down and then we’ll never have a chance to find them,” Ailia said.
“We have to take that chance. Hopefully they will be content with the gold and silver and leave the church be,” Ivar said.
“Not likely,” Bishop Peter said. “It’s been said that their goal is to burn all Christian churches in the Northlandic Kingdom, leaving none for the worship of the heathens we supposedly are.”
“To live life in oppression or die trying for a mightier cause, which will it be? Which one must it be?” Ailia asked, still believing a path would reveal itself for the liberation of the manuscripts tonight.
“A scroll of no substantial importance may have been left here to burn, but the scrolls of deliverance for all beings in Midgard is worth dying for in trying to obtain,” Bishop Peter said. “No time like the immediate, for tomorrow we may be dead, serving life and God’s people no longer. It’s in the now we must take action to become the heroes of the morn’,” he finished. He sounded like he was in his preaching mode again but speaking at twice his usual pace.
“Yes!” Ailia said excited.
“Very well,” Ivar conceded.
A sledgehammer and wedge were quickly located and the triangle floor underneath the rotunda was easily removed. Underneath the floor was a bronze chest placed inside a square wooden cavern. The trio looked at each other in excitement, but their joy was short-lived. 
“It’s a shame I don’t give up so easily,” Gunnar announced as he entered the church again, this time accompanied with a whole gang of ravage-hungry Vikings.
Ailia and Bishop Peter blocked the newfound treasure with their bodies while Ivar rapidly re-laid the floor. They heard the thud behind them as the triangle descended back into its frame.
It appeared Gunnar had planned the next attack in advance, for his Vikings all strategically went after their own prisoners.
“Remember boys, the girl is mine,” Gunnar said, oblivious to their huge discovery. “Anyone who tarnishes her will suffer death by the blood eagle.” 
Ailia had vaguely heard of this method of torture and she knew that threatening this unthinkably gruesome method would immediately make lambs of wolves in any situation. She had heard that it was known as the most entertaining way to kill a man and that its slow assassinating method was the most feared and most morbid of any other torture method.
Two Vikings grabbed Ailia and another three, Ivar. Six others went to the back to round up Bishop Peter who had disappeared through the backdoor again.
“Don’t worry, Ailia. Finally with Ava gone for good, I’ll make a woman out of you this time,” Gunnar said as the two Vikings dragged her past him, out into the night.




29

Bergendal is Burning 

Lucia rode behind Soren, who rode Volomite and Lucia’s horse senseless. She felt guilt-ridden and now it was official: she was a fraud of a woman. They stopped only occasionally for water for the horses and nothing else. Silence burned her ears and not even the pounding hooves of the horses drowned out the annihilating blizzard she felt coming from him. Lucia suspected Soren wanted to hear nothing from her, yet she wanted to confess to him everything that had made her come to the decision to deceive him. Volomite seemed to be trained well, but Lucia’s horse had a hard time keeping up with the fast, furious pace Soren was setting. 
In front of them, in the moonlight, Lucia saw another rider on the side of the road. As they neared, she saw that it was Silya. She did not want to face her—not at all. 
Silya looked as if she was waiting for something or someone. 
Maybe she is waiting for us? Lucia thought.
“What brings you in this direction?” Soren asked as they neared her, their breaths now mingling in the dark, smoking up the chilling air.
“I was following you. There has been a severe violation of trust, an illegitimate theft of identity—” Silya looked at Lucia sternly, her eyes piercing right through her. “Lucia is—”
“Yes, Lucia told me all about her sham,” Soren said plainly and without even a hint of emotion. 
Lucia cringed at his words.
“I am heading back to Ailia. Have the Vikings entered Bergendal?” Soren asked.
 “Not that I know of, but I did see some traces of other Viking activity nearby,” Silya said.
Lucia’s arms folded tightly in front of her chest as if that would protect her somehow. Suddenly, she heard a sound. “What is that sound?” Lucia asked surprised. “It sounds like a baby is crying.” She heard the helpless screams a ways back from the main road.
“It is a Viking child,” Silya said coldly. “His mother died.”
“So, you already checked on him?” Lucia asked. How could she be so calloused? She hopped off her horse.
“Leave him be,” Silya said more coldly this time. “He is a Viking. He does not deserve to live.”
“We cannot just leave him here to die, poor baby. It is not his fault his parents are Vikings,” Lucia said. 
“Never mind that now. He has no right to live, a babe with Viking blood running through his veins,” Silya said angrily, though not quite convincing. “It is hard enough to listen to a helpless babe cry without you complaining.” Silya rolled her dark brown eyes as if she did not care. “Fine, you go get him, but I want nothing to do with him, you hear? He will be all your responsibility and yours alone.”
“I am amazed that you have such a hard heart for this abandoned, vulnerable creature,” Lucia said. 
“You are definitely not one to speak,” Silya said, moving closer to Lucia.
Soren stepped between the two women. “It is all right, Silya. There’s nothing we can do now to change what has happened.”
 Lucia headed as quickly as she could toward the screaming child, stepping in Silya’s tracks in the snow. She heard Soren speak to Silya as she walked off.
“I am going to leave you with Lucia. I will meet you back in Bergendal when you have figured out this situation,” Soren said. “I will go ahead of you because I need to get back to Ailia.”
The closer Lucia got to the baby, the less she could hear Soren’s voice beneath the baby’s cries. Poor baby. She saw the wagon and, then, the moving bundle on the mother’s stiff corpse. Poor Mother. Lucia’s heart ached for the both of them. The gods have brought me this child, she thought. It is a sign from the gods! Her new life would start now, she decided. Without knowing yet what that new life might entail, she picked up the baby and held him close. He fussed for a while longer and then he settled into a low whimper. I could leave now. Run into the woods and never come back. They probably would not care. But she felt the risk was too great. She decided to wait until she got back to Bergendal. When she arrived back by the road, Soren had already disappeared. Lucia felt both relieved and disappointed.
“So, you got hold of the Viking?” Silya said.
“Yes.”
“Well, he is all yours. Do not bother me with him,” Silya said.
Silya and Lucia made their way back to Bergendal with Lucia carrying the small infant. She worried what she would give him to eat and if he was warm enough in her arms.
“What will you name the berserker?” Silya asked.
“I do not know. Do you know of any good names fit for a king?” Lucia asked.
“The mother was a bloodthirsty Viking named Ava and the child’s father is supposedly a king. That is what the mother said right before she died anyway. Probably a king of the war-thirsty Vikings,” Silya said.
“Ava? Lucia thought she had heard that name before. Was not that the name of my father’s mistress? The age of the child did not fit with the timing of her father’s affair, she concluded. Probably just a coincidence. “His name will be Harald. It means ruler,” Lucia said, ignoring Silya’s resentfulness.

*    *    *

As they came up close to Bergendal, Silya slowed down her horse. Heavy clouds of smoke and fire rose to the dark, cloudy heavens. The sweet scent of blood lingered in the air and an intense feeling of danger engulfed them as they entered the normally peaceful town. 
Lucia heard people clamoring, crying and wailing from a distance. It sounded like the cries of war, of mourning mothers and fathers, brothers and friends and it smelled of demise. Bergendal was burning like it had never burned before. 
Silya jumped off her horse and led both horses forward. The creatures neighed nervously and flicked their tails. 
Lucia could feel her horse’s muscles tense up in nervousness. The horse’s ears pinned up to listen. “Whoa, boy,” Lucia said, stroking the beast’s upper back to soothe him. 
Another horse came galloping down the road toward them at full speed. The horse’s eyes shone with terror. He was carrying someone, who looked wounded, on his back. 
Silya raised both hands up into the air to calm the dashing horse. The horse slowed and a young man fell off him. The horse then took off galloping again. 
Blood dripped from the man’s wounded arm into the snow, blood looking as black and thick as boiling tar in the darkness.
Silya knelt beside him. “I heard there have been local Viking attacks. Is that what has happened here?” she asked, lifting the young man’s head out of the snow and placing it on her lap. 
“The church—they are burning down the church,” the young man said, his voice labored and panting. “I am a Deacon of the Lord. Save the church,” he begged.
Lucia did not want to save the church. She thought that Bergendal was probably being attacked because they had let the Christian faith take root in the people’s hearts. She did feel sorry for the misguided Christians, though. She had to admit she thought the Vikings had been a little too coldblooded this time.
“Come with me.” Silya started to lift the man up onto Miika.
“No, no, don’t take me back to that place. Oh please. They will kill me!” He gripped Silya’s arm. “Please, I don’t want to die today.” 
“We will take you back to Brandersgaard with us then,” Silya said. 
“Thank you,” the Deacon said, his voice whimpering. 
After Silya had settled the Deacon on top of Miika, they all headed for Brandersgaard. 
Harald had started crying again. He is probably hungry, Lucia concluded. She needed to find milk for him soon.
Snow descended heavily now from the heavens, mingling with the smoke from the burning homes and barns. As they rode, they passed many fallen Bergendalers: women, children and men—They had all been stabbed to death, it looked like, their dead bodies painting the snow with their blood. Lucia did not see any Vikings, but the trail they left behind could not be missed.
As they neared Brandersgaard, Lucia’s heart started racing. They hate me and they will oust me, I am sure of it. When they arrived, they entered through the missing front door. The longhouse was still standing, regardless of all the fire damage to it. It was unusually murky inside and Lucia coughed as she entered the smoke-filled foyer. There was no sign of anyone, anywhere and that could either be a very good thing or a very tragic thing. 
“Hello?” Silya’s voice sang, sounding muted and hesitant. She helped the Deacon sit down by the hearth, which was burning unusually strong. Its crackling sound permeated throughout the main room and its flames rose twice as high as they usually did. A portion of the roof had been torn or burned off at the front of the room. Snow entered through the hole onto the loom, turning it white where it stood as beams of subdued moonlight streamed through the gaping hole. They walked slowly to the back of the longhouse. Shelves and cupboards were tipped over, but there was still no sign of Ailia or the others.
Sigrid peeked her head in through the front door. “Silya?  Lucia?” she said.
“Sigrid!” Silya shouted. She looked happy to see her. “Are you well?”
Sigrid limped toward them between the rubble and ashes on the floor. She fell into Silya’s arms, sobbing. “Yes, I’m well, but so many are dead,” she cried.
“Unni and Brander?” Silya asked.
“They haven’t returned and Ailia is gone. The Vikings took her,” Sigrid said. “The Vikings took my Ailia.” She buried her face in her soot-covered, bloody hands and cried.
“Many souls will return to Valhalla tonight,” Lucia said, coldly. 
Silya looked at Lucia and then back at Sigrid. “Did Soren come back?” she asked.
“Yes. He took Ivar with him to go after Ailia a while ago,” Sigrid said. “Though, they didn’t really know where to start looking. They thought maybe they’d head to the Viking settlement south of here.”
“Strange, we didn’t see them on our way,” Silya said. 
Harald had started to fuss again. “I need to find milk for my child,” Lucia said. 
“You go do that,” Silya said and gave her a mean look.
Lucia did not want to take this kind of abuse. She stepped outside and started walking, but to where, she did not know. The snow came down heavily now, splotches of white fluff falling and sticking to her clothes and hair. How dare they treat me, a queen, this way? I should have left sooner. But where would she have gone? And where would she go now? She knew no one in Bergendal and if she kept wandering the streets, she would surely freeze to death. 
I do not want to live anymore, Lucia thought. She decided to try and find a dagger or a knife and then, she would kill the baby first and then herself. It was an honorable death—was it not?  Will the gods accept me into Valhalla? She’d be free from this miserable life and Ailia and Soren would regret ever having treated her the way they did. 
She pulled a dagger out of a dead man’s chest and found a forlorn, halfway burned down barn. I will do it in here. She sat down on the floor and took her mittens off. Holding the dagger up high above the infant, she paused and cried. Is this my destiny? To die instead of rule as queen? To be made a fool of by my sister and her lover?  
She lowered the dagger and held it into her chest. “This is not why I was born,” she said out loud. “This is not why I was born!” she screamed as loud as she could. I am queen! I am queen! I am queen! Aesira blood runs through my veins!  
Then, she had a thought. She almost did not dare let the thought take root, but she was desperate. Eiess might want her. Eiess might now see the value in her. Eiess was evil, yes, but so were her parents. They betrayed me! My sister and her lover betrayed me! Together, Eiess and she would be unstoppable. And she was more on Eiess’s side than on Ailia and Soren’s anyway, was she not? She was too exhausted to reason with herself. All she could think was that she was valuable and she knew that Eiess would see her value now. It is either back to Brandersgaard or back to Eiess or death.



30

Caged

Ailia woke up in a small wooden cage-type crate, which was propped up against the wall of a large house, how large she couldn’t tell. The box prison was too small to stand up in, but wide enough that she could almost stretch her legs all the way out in one direction when she lay down. The floor was covered with hay and old frayed fabric. 
It was difficult to see out between the tightly assembled wooden planks, but slits between the construction allowed her to make out five large houses that were built in a circle. There were also many more houses beyond that, it looked like. This settlement was large.
She assumed she was at the Viking settlement that she and Soren had passed by on their way back to Bergendal many months ago. Hannah was probably imprisoned here. 
Right next to her, it looked as if there were a few more cages propped up against the wall and she thought there might be one more person inside the cage furthest away from her. “Hello?” she called.
Movement came from the other cage. “Hello?” a woman’s voice beckoned in return.
“Where are we?” Ailia asked.
“Where are we?” the answer came. The woman’s accent revealed that she was not from here.
 Ailia grimaced. Why is she playing games? “Do you understand me?” Ailia asked.
“Do you understand me?” the answer came.
Ailia huffed. She must not understand me. Before she had lost consciousness, she remembered looking back at the burning church when Gunnar had dragged her off. It looked like Ivar was fighting with the Vikings who had grabbed hold of him and was winning. She truly hoped that was the case, especially since she didn’t see him anywhere here. 
Ailia couldn’t remember the last time she had cried, but now, with her body being cold and tired and being all alone, she had a hard time holding back the tears. 
Will I ever see Soren again, or is this the life that I need to become accustomed to? She couldn’t imagine things getting any worse and she hated being so vulnerable in the grasp of such a savage as Gunnar. Surely, as a demi-mortal, she would possess some supernatural powers that would help her out of this situation?  
Loud, unencumbered laughter from both men and women came from inside the main longhouse. It sounded like the Vikings were in a happy, highly-tipsy mood, probably from drinking all the mead they had just picked up in Bergendal and the surrounding villages. Most likely, they were proud of their conquests, reveling in their victory and congratulating themselves on such a successful night. 
If the Heavens would be merciful, Gunnar would drink himself to sleep tonight, forgetting about Ailia, who he had threatened to spend some one-on-one time with as soon as he had a chance. She cringed at the idea of that type of man touching her in any way. 
Suddenly, the door to the main longhouse burst open and Ailia jumped. Several cheerful Vikings staggered their way out into the central area halfway undressed, their round, pale bellies hanging out to meet the cold. Snow fell onto their clothes and bodies and they bellowed a song while they clung onto each other.


We, the sons of Thor the strong
Mightier than any throng
Fiercely feared by all the land,
From the seas until the sands.

We have lost some brethren dear,
 do not shed a tear
For they are in paradise today
Drinking mead and eating steak.

We will take whate‘er we see
Vikings, we are tough and free
Live today for present cares
Take your prize and spoil your shares.

Freemen we will always be
We live as Kings and royalty
When we are dead, we want to hear
Songs ‘bout us, a thousand years
 
Ailia sat in her cage, listening to their melody. They were awful singers—couldn’t even carry a tune—and their bigheaded lyrics repulsed her. One of the men passed out into the snow and all the others laughed, slapping their knees and nudging each other. Ailia thought that the unconscious man might be Gunnar and she felt relieved that she might be safe for a few more hours. Two men picked Gunnar up and dragged him inside of the longhouse across from her cage. They shut the door behind them and it grew quiet again, only their muffled voices escaping to the outside. 
Ailia shivered and knew that the longest part of the night was still ahead of her. Is this how I’m going to die: alone, freezing and never having known my love in this life?  
A couple came out arm in arm from another one of the longhouses. The man gently pressed the woman up against the outside wall and kissed her passionately. The woman laughed and cooed in approval. They stood there for a while, kissing and talking, before they finally walked back inside.
Ailia could only see one person guarding the entrance of the settlement and he looked as if he had fallen asleep. She thought she might try to escape. The cage didn’t look too well constructed, being built only from planks and nails, so it couldn’t be too difficult to break and exit. 
She started pushing the exterior wall with her feet as she lodged her back onto the opposite side. Nothing happened. Then, she kicked the planks as hard as she could again and again, trying to loose a board, any board, but there was no sign that any of them would loosen.
Then, from between two of the houses, she saw four Vikings approaching. She stopped kicking. As they got closer, Ailia could see that three of the Vikings held one prisoner. The man’s hands were tied behind his back and had a sackcloth pulled over his head. They treated him roughly and pushed and kicked him to move forward, laughing when he tripped over something in his path. The Vikings stopped for a while and secured their prisoner with their grips. They pointed to the empty cage next to Ailia and nodded in agreement. 
“Get in, dead man,” one of the Vikings said. He opened the top-hinged cage door and pushed the prisoner into the crate. The man groaned as he fell to the ground, taking a hard hit. The Vikings locked the crate by enclosing its exterior with a larger iron cage. 
No wonder I couldn’t get out. Its exterior is reinforced with iron, Ailia thought. After the Vikings had left, Ailia scooted closer to her new neighbor. “Are you all right, sir?” she asked. 
The stranger sat up awkwardly, with his hands still tied behind his back and the sackcloth over his head. “Ailia?” the voice replied. “Is that you?”
“Soren?” She was shocked, concerned and excited all at the same time, not knowing whether she should jump for joy or cry in the small confinements of her pen. “How did you get here?” Her eyes burst with tears of joy, mingled with sorrow, bitter tears of fear and hope welled simultaneously from the windows of her soul. “Soren, I—how—?  I don’t know what to say. I’m so glad, but sad that you’re here,” she finally said, her words not even coming remotely close to expressing her feelings. She tried to get a glimpse of him through the slivers of space. “How did you get here? Are you hurt?” 
Soren struggled for a brief moment to get the sackcloth off his head and was able to untie the ropes that bound his arms behind his back. “Ailia, Lucia told me the truth,” he said, reaching his fingers through an opening in his cage. Their eyes met in the darkness.
She slid her fingers through the cage and their fingers met, interlacing with mighty oneness. The cold air blew through their grasp. It was too cold to hold for long, but Ailia endured the pain to enjoy the pleasure and comfort of his touch. His fingers felt warm and rough to the touch. 
“You came for me,” she said.
Soren’s eyes rested in her gaze. “I wish I would have known sooner. I should never have left you.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before. I thought it was for the best and wanted it to be a special moment between us,” Ailia said, stretching her fingers longer to be closer to him. “Now, I wish I would have told you the moment I saw you again,” she said, hoping he would meet her heart where it burned.
“I knew in my heart that you were—are—you are my One. How long have you known?” he asked.
“I found out the day I arrived in Bergendal. I wanted to tell you then, but you were still travelling,” she said, her eyes looking away at the sadness of the memory. 
“I thought I was doing us both a favor by leaving, so I would not be tempted beyond what I could manage,” he said despondently. He turned quiet as if he struggled with whether to share something or not. 
Ailia looked back into his eyes again, encouraging him without words.
“I had a dream about you the night before I left you in the care of Silya and when I woke up, I knew that you were a threat to Lucia and I, because I felt a deep unexplainable love for you even then,” Soren confessed.
Ailia smiled as he spoke to her, of her and of the love he had for her. Her deepest, brightest longings had finally been realized in one of her coldest, darkest moments, a moment so close to death that she could taste it, yet she could not be happier.
“In my dream, you were so beautiful, Ailia and I could not even remember wanting anyone the way I wanted you. My love for you grows stronger over time, with every life you live,” Soren said.
Ailia’s smile widened. She knew now he loved her and only her, even before he knew who she really was. It was her soul and being and not her name, that was his One. “I thought you left because I had done something wrong, or because you didn’t care,” Ailia admitted, slightly embarrassed. She pulled her fingers away for a moment to warm them underneath her overcoat. The chilly wind had frozen them cold and her fingers stung as they thawed close to her body. “I knew I loved you too, from the moment we met—again,” she said, her heart and soul agreeing in unison as her fingers reached for his again.
“You are cold,” Soren said. “We need to get out of here before they kill us, or do anything else to harm us.”
“I’ve tried to kick my way out of here, but the entire wooden crate is enclosed by an iron cage,” Ailia said. At least now she had someone to share the loneliness with, though she would rather Soren be gone and safe than with her here, in this near hopeless predicament.
 “Ivar knows where we are. He came with me and I told him to wait in the forest while I looked for you,” Soren said.
“So Ivar escaped the Vikings in Bergendal?” Ailia asked.
“Yes.”
“How did the Vikings capture you?” Ailia wondered.
“Well,” he said, “I walked over to their camp and I let them seize me.” He nearly let out a laugh and a smirk lightened his face. 
“So, it was your plan to be captured?” Ailia asked, trying to decipher his strategy.
“Yes. I knew it was the only way to get close to you,” he said, still smiling.
Ailia smiled too. “Sounds like you are pretty set on being with me if this is the length you are willing to go.”
He turned more serious. “I would do anything to be with you, Ailia. I will never leave you again for as long as I live.”
The sound of her name on his lips felt like sunshine in her soul. 
“I would even sit here for the rest of my life, if that meant I could be close to you,” Soren said.
“Well, let’s not stay here that long,” Ailia said. Of course, it would be impossible for Soren to be captured and taken. He was the master of all hunting, tracking and waylaying methods, having been alive for centuries now. No Viking, no matter how skilled, could compare to Soren. I would do the same for him, she realized. Now Ailia didn’t feel as bad that he was here imprisoned with her. If anyone could get them out safely, it was him.
“Before I left Ivar, I told him to ride back to Bergendal as soon as I had been taken and round up as many able men as possible to come and attack the Vikings on their own territory. They should take back all that was stolen and plundered from them. I just hope he makes it back soon and that the chaos in Bergendal is not too maddening. It took me a good day’s trip to get here, so I would imagine we can be expecting them the day after tomorrow.”
“The Vikings all seem drunk, so I think we will be safe through the night. I doubt they will disturb us,” Ailia said. She felt tired and sleepy, but she didn’t want to sleep a minute as long as she was with Soren. She had longed for time with him, to be open with him and for them to get to know each other again. Every moment with him was a moment of ecstasy. Had she truly lived before she met him?



31

Thrall

When Ailia woke up, the first thing she did was to look for Soren over in the next cell. He was still sleeping and Ailia breathed a sigh of relief that he hadn’t suddenly disappeared in the night. She hadn’t been as cold as she thought she would be, maybe because the snow that covered the planks had helped keep some warmth inside. 
The sun started rising in the east and she could see that dunes of snow had covered the surfaces of everything, blanketing the longhouses, the courtyard and every tree around. Not a single cloud that Ailia could see from her limited view graced the blue sky. Ailia hoped the sun would warm her, as its rays would soon shine around the corner onto their prisons. 
As her stomach rumbled, the last meal she remembered eating was at the repast table at Unni and Brander’s house during the Late Summer Festival. She peered over and wondered whether she should wake Soren or not. She decided to let him sleep a while longer. 
Sitting in silence, she scoped out the territory for any weapons or other items Soren and her might appropriate if they managed to escape today. 
A different Viking stood watch over by the main entrance to the small settlement. He looked much more alert than the guard who had been standing there yesterday. A raven flew from the top of one of fern trees to another, cawing as it landed and disturbed its heavy snow-covered branches, causing clumps of snow to fall to and merge with, the snow below. Ailia hadn’t seen a raven in a long time. How fitting, she thought, a stupid raven. Most birds had flown south for the winter, the eternal winter it would seem. Not if I have anything to do with it. 
The door to the main longhouse opened and four stout Vikings immediately headed in Ailia and Soren’s direction. Gunnar probably lived in the largest of the five abodes and more than likely, he had sent his men to do something sinister. 
Ailia recognized one of the brutes from the previous day, but the others were unfamiliar. They waded two by two through the new, ankle-high snow with their hefty boots, plowing a path that would last until the next heavy snowfall.
“Soren,” Ailia said, trying to wake her still slumbering love. “Soren!” Now her voice became considerably louder as she feared they would take her away without him waking up. “They’re coming!  The Vikings are coming!”
Soren stirred for a second and then woke up, rising abruptly. He spotted the Vikings immediately. “Everything is going to be fine, Ailia,” he said, looking into her eyes across the double divide. “There is no escape for us at the moment, but Ivar will return soon with hundreds of angry Bergendalers. Just find a way to stay alive until that time, promise me!” 
Ailia nodded.
The eldest Viking lifted the steel cage off of Ailia’s prison dome and lifted the opening flap of the plank crate. It creaked loudly, its high-pitched scream sending chills through Ailia’s body.
“Come here, girl.” He grabbed her arm and jerked her out of the cage. The Viking let her go just as the force of the pull peaked and Ailia tumbled into the snow. 
 “Having trouble standing up?” one of the Vikings said. They all laughed.
Ailia stood up and brushed the snow off her dress and overcoat. 
“Be careful what you do to her, for your heads will soon be on my chopping block,” Soren said.
“Well, the damage will already have been done by then,” one of the other Vikings retorted. “And from the look of things, you are going to be losing your head here in a little bit,” he said.
Ailia’s heart pounded in her chest as she thought of the things they might do to Soren and her. “What do you want with me?” she asked, not able to silence her tongue. “If you knew who you are dealing with—” 
The short Viking walked over to her and slapped her face, knocking her into the snow again. The others all laughed loudly. 
“You will treat her with respect!” Soren yelled from this cage. “Once I get out of here, I will kill every one of you. If you stop now and let her go, I still might spare your pitiful lives.”
“Oh, is that a threat?” the eldest one said as he walked over to Soren’s cage and kicked it hard several times, causing the rusty metal to shake and rattle. They all looked at each other and laughed again. The eldest Viking lowered his head and looked into Soren’s eyes, which were peeping through a small opening. “I’d like to see that,” he said, sneering as he spoke. He then turned to Ailia who had been detained by two of the Vikings. “Gunnar would like to see you, little lady.” He walked over to her and started smelling her skin, inhaling her scent as he closed his eyes, as if to experience the pleasure more intensely. “Ah, the smell of fresh, womanly youth.” He opened his eyes. “Nothing smells better.”
Ailia turned her face away in disgust. He reeked of sweat, smoke and urine and his breath stunk like rotten reindeer meat. When he smiled, he looked like an ogre as his teeth were decayed and stained from many years of abuse and neglect. 
“Didn’t your mother teach you how to bathe?” Ailia asked. 
The Viking grabbed her hair and pulled her head backward, aiming a dagger to her throat. 
“Ailia!” Soren yelled from his cage, trying to kick it open. “I will kill all of you, do you hear?” 
“Shut your face, dead man!” the eldest yelled, not taking his eyes off Ailia.
Suddenly, Gunnar came storming out of the largest house, clearly upset. “What’s taking so long?” he blasted, his eyes wide open and his beard-covered face steaming red.
The Vikings quickly redirected their attention to their chieftain. 
“She’s being difficult,” the eldest said.
“Difficult?” he said, looking at him in disbelief. “Difficult?  She is our prisoner. There are four of you, one of her!” 
Ailia saw the opportunity to free herself. She leaned into the Vikings’s arms, lifted her feet off the ground and kicked Gunnar as hard as she could in the head. 
Gunnar flew through the air and hit the snow. Everyone stood silently watching for a moment.
 “Are you—uh,” one of the Vikings started as the others secured their grips around Ailia’s arms. 
She gasped at the pain they were causing her from squeezing her arms so tightly.
“Am I what—am I hurt?” Gunnar said, laughing as he rose to his feet. Blood had started running from his nose and lips and he wiped it away with the sleeve of his black wolf-fur overcoat. “I’m a Viking chieftain. Do you think that a sniveling girl like this can disrupt my being—all right? Oh, she’ll be a pleasure to break, this feisty one,” he said, now licking the blood from his lips. “Do you remember us? We had big plans together you and I,” he said, moving in closer.
Ailia wished she could remember. What she didn’t know frightened her.
“I don’t know how you survived,” Gunnar said. “How ever did you manage?”
“You will leave her alone, Gunnar,” Soren said calmly, but so firmly that Gunnar turned his attention to him.
“Why, who have we here?” Gunnar said. He walked over to the cage and hunched down beside it. “A helpless animal trapped in a cage, threatening his executioner? Why, Soren, I almost didn’t recognize you there behind all the wood and metal. Is this your girl?” he gestured to Ailia with a flick of his wrist.
Ailia could see Soren’s eyes growing darker and darker. She had never seen this furious side of him before.
“But, surely, this isn’t Princess Lucia, the Great Sentinor, your soul mate which you are destined to be with? Do we have a love triangle going on here?” he mocked. “How interesting—I would have to agree with you, though, this young lady is much more desirable than Her Royal Highness Lucia, who pales in comparison to this beauty.” He had closed in on Ailia and squeezed her cheeks on either side of her lips hard with his hand.
Ailia was shocked that he knew about them at all, but she didn’t want to feed his knowledge by acknowledging or denying his information.
“I am warning you, Gunnar; you touch her in any way and you will live to regret it every day of your life,” Soren said.
“I doubt it,” Gunnar retorted arrogantly, staring Ailia down. “Eiess told me many things about you and your beloved Princess Lucia, Soren. It’s a shame she is headed to Eiess’s castle to join forces with the Empress,” he said, his hand fondling Ailia’s overcoat.
Ailia glanced at Soren. Don’t say anything, Ailia. Gunnar’s just trying to get inside your mind. His words are calculating and well-placed. Don’t give him that satisfaction, she thought. Gunnar most likely didn’t know about Ailia’s connection to Lucia but was probably counting on Soren reacting to his cunning comments. 
Soren shook his head at Ailia. 
I’m not going to fall for it and divulge more information, she swore to herself. Ailia tried to wriggle out of the tight grip the Vikings held her in, but it was no use.
Gunnar smiled devilishly. Then, a stroke of enlightenment flashed across his bearded face. 
“Put her back in the box,” he ordered the Vikings. “And come with me.”
The Vikings did as they were commanded and threw Ailia back into the cage. She hit her head on the side of the cage and cut herself across the right eyebrow, muting a scream of pain that wanted to surface. She didn’t want to give the Vikings the satisfaction of knowing that they had hurt her and she definitely didn’t want to appear weak in the barbarians’ eyes. Not because she wanted to impress them, but rather, because she wanted them to know that she would not be cowered. 
The Vikings followed Gunnar back into the longhouse.
“It pains me to see them treat you this way,” Soren said. “You are hurt.”
“I’m fine,” Ailia said, her spirit feeling stronger than before. “It’s strange, but I feel proud that I was able to stand up to them. Well, on the inside at least.”
“I know what you mean,” Soren said.
 “We definitely need to find a way to get out of here,” Ailia said.
“After you went to sleep last night, I worked on sawing the bottom edges of my cage with this,” he said, showing her a small knife through the cracks of his cage. “I hid it inside my stocking, so the Vikings would not find it when they ransacked me. I am done detaching one side and as soon as I detach another, I think I might be able to break the bottom of the cage free if I lift up forcefully like so,” Soren said, as he showed her how.
“If only being a Sentinor meant that we could walk through these walls, we’d be fine,” Ailia said, wishing now that she had another power other than being able to envision the past. It seemed like a useless gift, at least in the moment.
Soren continued to gnaw at the wood with his knife, moving closer to their escape with every stroke. “I wish I had brought a larger knife, but such a one would probably not have gone unnoticed,” he said, somewhat unconsciously.
A dirty-blond, shorn-headed woman crossed the courtyard with two buckets filled with snow. The woman glanced over at Ailia and Soren and unexpectedly stopped in the middle of the yard, looking at them as if she wanted to approach them. “Can I fetch you something?” she asked, her voice subdued and meek. She set the heavy buckets down and eyed the guard, who had turned in another direction, before she shambled over to Ailia. 
“Here,” she said, handing Ailia some dried meat, squeezing it through the largest gap between the planks and quickly stepping back away from the cage a good two feet. “I’m Kelda. Im a new thrall here, serving these self-proclaimed kings—they are truly only fools. It has all gone downhill since Ava, Gunnar’s wife, left a little while back. Ava really helped keep things balanced around here. Now, it’s becoming a miserable place.” She had an unusually high voice, even for a woman and her whole upper body twitched uncontrollably as she moved. Though she was young, she was far from beautiful. Perhaps she had been beautiful at some point, but with her hair shaven, a filthy face and yellowing teeth, one missing in the front, she was not much to look at.
“Thank you,” Ailia said. “Do you have any for my friend here, also?” she asked, hoping there would be enough for the both of them to stop the incessant churning feeling in their empty bellies.
“That’s all I have right now, but I can come back with extra after I place some more wood onto the hearth inside. There’s plenty of that stuff inside,” she said, looking nervously around. “I’ll be back soon,” she whispered encouragingly and hurried off, picking up the two heavy buckets on the way.
There wasn’t much meat, but Soren insisted Ailia eat all of it, saying he would eat some as soon as Kelda returned with more. They both chewed on some snow to quench their thirsts and Soren got back to his sawing project.
 “So, tell me about our grandchildren, or great, great grandchildren, right?” Ailia invited, feeling somewhat strange asking the question and strange that she actually had grandchildren. 
“Let us just call them grandchildren; it makes me feel at least a few years younger,” Soren said, cracking a smile. 
He went into great detail about each grandchild. Ailia envisioned their beautiful faces before her as he spoke of them. “I cannot wait to meet them all. I just hope they’ll want to meet me also.”
“They are extremely excited to meet you,” Soren said, tediously working on the next plank. “I spoke to them just recently and they seem to be one hundred percent on our side. They’d probably be willing to follow us to the ends of Midgard to defeat Eiess.”
“In the past, I’ve had this recurring mare dream of Eiess and I wonder if it might be a memory from one of my first two lives. We had a daughter named Freydis,” Ailia said, seeing if that name meant anything to Soren.
Soren stopped working and looked at Ailia. He became teary eyed. “She was our first and only child, in your second life,” he said.
“Oh.” Ailia couldn’t speak.
“She waited and waited for the day you would return. She never gave up hope that she would see you again. Even right before she died, she thought she might get word of your return,” Soren said. Tears were streaming down his hallow cheeks and it sounded like he struggled with saying the words.
Ailia covered her mouth with her hand. “Oh, my Freydis.”
Two of Gunnar’s Vikings stormed back out of the longhouse, their course set for the cages. They aggressively opened Ailia’s cage and tried to reach her. 
Ailia moved to the back, making it difficult for them to grab hold of her. 
They finally got hold of her feet and pulled her out. One pulled her by the hair and dragged her after him toward the longhouse. It was excruciatingly painful. 
Ailia could feel Soren’s eyes on her and she wanted to say ‘Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine’, even though she had an unsettling feeling in her stomach that warned otherwise. 
Inside the warm, smoggy house, the two Vikings hauled Ailia over to Gunnar, who was sitting on a throne-like wooden chair. The room was warm and welcoming, with two hearths that burned vigorously. The Vikings pushed her to the floor at Gunnar’s feet. Ailia looked up at Gunnar and rose to her feet as calmly as possible.
“I’m going to give you two choices,” Gunnar said cheerfully, with an undercurrent of anger, playing with his beard.
“Really, only two?” Ailia said.
“Shut your mouth and hear the king speak!” one of the Vikings said, slapping her head.
“Choice number one,” Gunnar said, raising his index finger on his right hand. “Stay here and rule with me as queen of the Vikings. Rule by my right hand, as a free woman, as my wife and equal.” He paused.
“And the second choice?” she urged him, letting no emotion show on her face. Never will I be this man’s queen.
“Choice number two.” He added his middle finger to the first one. “Be sold as a thrall in Trollsoe to whoever would buy you,” he said, looking smug and pleased with himself where he sat.
Ailia glared at him for a long time, saying nothing.
“Well?” Gunnar finally asked. 
“There’s a third choice you haven’t given me and that is to let Soren and I go free. We will then promise not to destroy your settlement and exterminate you and your filthy followers.” Ailia had no idea where her strength was coming from. She didn’t fear torture, or dying, or any other manner of ill fate that would come to her if she did not please Gunnar. Though her body was trembling with fear, she felt calm and peaceful inside, standing firm on her ground, ready to demand what she wanted.
“Don’t mock me!” Gunnar scooted forward to the edge of his chair, as he pointed his finger at her. “I can order these men to kill you right here, right now. You need to think more about your life before you throw it away with your arrogance and idealistic stupidity,” he said, still calm, but with a bit more anger welling up in his tone. “And as you remember before, you made the wrong decision and Ava had no other choice but to get rid of you.” He slouched back into his chair. “Though I still don’t understand how you survived Ava poisoning you.”
What has my association been with him before? I cannot remember anything. “Well, that plan failed, seeing as I’m still here.” Wait, I do remember something. Then as if by a revelation, the memory of her disappearance exploded back into her mind. She recalled every minute detail of the events leading up to her awakening on the Blue Glaciers. After the Vikings had captured her and dragged her here to their settlement, Ailia had sat imprisoned in the very cage Soren was in for a month. Then Ava had requested Ailia become her handmaiden, and Ailia had been allowed to move around the settlement, though still bound by a long chain around her ankle. The problems had started when Gunnar had wanted Ailia to become his second wife. Ava had gotten jealous, but Gunnar wouldn’t stop pursuing Ailia. He had tried to rape her once, but fortunately, Ava had walked in on them and she had put an end to it, threatening she’d leave Gunnar if he didn’t stop. After that Ava had kept Ailia with her at all times, saying she was protecting her and her marriage. Then, Ava had become pregnant, and Gunnar had accused her that the child wasn’t his. Lastly, Ailia remembered right before Ava had left the settlement, that she had forced poison down Ailia’s throat and dragged Ailia to the glacier cave with two Vikings. They had beat her senseless until she lost consciousness.
Strange, Ailia thought, the thing that was supposed to kill me, led me to Soren. She turned her attention to Gunnar. “The only stupidity I see is coming from you, sitting there on your self-made throne, pretending to be a king among men, when all you are doing is leading a bunch of fools with wills so weak that they seek nothing but to be ruled by your ignorant, incompetent hand.” She paused and waited for his response, thinking he just might order his Vikings to take her life.
“You have chosen then?” Gunnar said, his answer almost sounding like a plea.
“Yes,” she said steadfastly, clenching her trembling fists, feeling her fingernails digging into the palms of her hands.
“Such a shame. Such a loss. You could have been ruler of the Vikings, queen of them all,” Gunnar said, sitting back into his chair, placing his elbow on the armrest and leaning his chin on his sturdy fist. “Take her away and prepare her as we discussed.” He looked away.
Before the Vikings were able to restrain her, Gunnar spoke again. “No wait!” He stood up and walked over to Ailia, grabbing both her arms and pulling her close in to his body. He kissed her passionately, forcing his tongue into her mouth. When he was finished, he let Ailia go softly. “Now, do you remember the passion we shared?” he asked, his blue-gray eyes searching hers.
Ailia spit in his face. She had never felt so violated in her entire life. Her eyes burned with wrath and she had never truly hated anyone until this moment. “We had no passion. You wanted me, but I never wanted anything to do with you,” she said, remembering the day he had nearly raped her. 
“She’s all yours, boys,” he said, wiping the spit off his face with a handkerchief—a handkerchief that looked exactly like the one she had found on the glaciers.
The Vikings seized Ailia and took her to the back room. She thought they were going to rape her or kill her, but she would rather that than give her will to Gunnar. It was better to die honorably, than to marry a man she hated and be without the man she loved and was predestined to be with. 
The two men sat her down on a stool in the back room and took out a pair of shears. 
She knew it was useless to fight, so she sat still as they chopped all her beautiful dark locks off. Tears of anger flowed down her cheeks as they transformed her from a free woman to a thrall. At least, my heart is free. 
When they were done, Ailia looked down at all her beautiful hair that had fallen on the floor. I won’t mourn the loss of my hair. She tried to convince herself. 
“Thrall!” the Vikings mocked. 
“You are the ugliest woman I’ve ever seen,” one said.
I don’t care, Ailia thought.
The men took her back outside, one Viking grabbing her by each arm. But instead of taking her back to her cage, they headed toward an enclosed sleigh that was attached to a single brown horse. She looked around, searching for Soren, but he was nowhere to be found. His cage door was wide open and blood trailed in the snow from the cage, down the snow-packed path, between two houses and into the woods.
“Soren! Soren!” she yelled, knowing that they had hurt him or, fearing even worse, ended his life. “Can you hear me?” Her voice was one of severe desperation in which the most terrifying answer came in return: none.
As they opened the door to the sleigh, she kicked and screamed, knowing that if they transported her to Trollsoe to be sold as a thrall now, she might never see her family, or Bergendal, or Soren ever again.
After they had forced her into the sleigh, they locked her in. 
 “You’ll be regretting your decision sooner rather than later,” one of the Vikings said. “And your friend there—” he said, looking over at Soren’s open, bloody cage, his hands resting powerfully on his hips. “—Good luck ever seeing him again. His dead carcass will be fed to the wolves.”
Ailia lunged over to the small cage window and wrestled to get it open. “You will live to regret this day!” she whispered furiously, tears brimming in her hazel eyes. “I’ll remember you and I’ll come for you. I’ve imbedded your face into my memory and the day you see me again will be the day you die.”
The Viking laughed. “I guess I’ll be living to a ripe old age then!” He got up onto the sleigh and whistled to the horse to start moving.
Ailia’s hands clenched onto the bars of her moving prison as she looked back at the disappearing settlement. I’ll die with my light still unshed. For many more hopeless hours, she kept her gaze fixed on the horizon as it vanished before her tear-filled eyes. 



32

Northlandic Castle

“What a surprise! What are you doing here, Lucia?” Eiess asked when she saw Lucia enter the throne room. “Welcome, Great Sentinor.”
Lucia clutched the infant in her arms as if he were her own. Vilda had escorted her to the Empress.
“I see you have brought a child? Is it yours?” Eiess asked, not bothering to rise from her throne.
“No. It is not my child. This is the child of a Viking king,” Lucia said. “I saved his life and I will raise him as my son.”
Eiess’s lips sprouted a devious smile. “Gunnar’s son,” she whispered. “How may I help you, Your Highness? It is very courageous of you to come here after all that has happened.”
“I have come to side with you. I believe I have been on the wrong side all along,” Lucia said. 
“Of course you have been on the wrong side. I could have told you that years ago. Why the sudden change now?” Eiess wondered.
“My eyes have finally been opened to many lies. I have been taken advantage of and used to promote the other side’s purposes,” Lucia said. Thinking about their deceitfulness still stung.
 “So, Lucia, what can I offer you?” Eiess said.
Vilda stepped forward. “I believe the princess should be asking us that question, Your Grace,” she said.
“Very well, I will concede to that, Vilda. So?” Eiess said, glaring at Lucia.
“I can offer you information that will open your eyes to the truth instead of the mirage in which we have all been led to believe,” Lucia said.
Eiess raised her eyebrows. “Are you saying I have been deceived?”
“Yes, we all have,” Lucia said. 
“How very interesting. And how do you know that I do not already know the full truth?” Eiess asked.
Lucia did not, but she was still willing to bet her life on it. “So, are you saying you have no need for my services, then?”
Eiess looked at Vilda and then back at Lucia. “No, that is not at all what I am saying. This is your home, just as much as it is mine.”
“Ha!” Lucia said. “It certainly did not feel like it when you had me locked up in the castle’s tower and sent your Surtorians to beat me,” Lucia said.
“I am so sorry for that,” Eiess said. “Will you please forgive me?”
“Your cheap apology is accepted,” Lucia said. “But for me to join you and if you expect me to reveal anything to you, I need your sworn protection.”
“How would I know that you are telling the truth?” Eiess asked.
Lucia smiled. “I have proof and you will know in time. Test me, if you please and let me prove that I am being truthful.”
Eiess looked at Vilda. “Ready the queen’s chamber for our new guest.”
Vilda smiled and bowed deeply, her dress flaring wide. 
Eiess exhaled. “United we will extinguish the rebellion.”
Vilda escorted Lucia back to her new chamber and left straightaway. 
Have I made the right decision? Lucia thought. She held tightly onto the small infant. My life and this child’s life, may be in danger. She sat down on the four-post walnut bed—the same bed she had been born in and the same bed her mother had died in. Maybe I should leave before it is too late. 
Vilda entered the room with some food and a fresh outfit for both Harald and Lucia. Her orange and gold dress made her look extraordinarily large and freakishly pale. “I am having Lena bring in the crib your father made,” she said. “It was the one you slept in when you were a babe.” Vilda stood still for a moment. “Just to let you know, Eiess named all the handmaiden’s in the castle, Lena. It is so she can keep things simple around here.”
Lucia thought that was very strange, not to mention impersonal. 
Vilda placed her hands on her elephant-size hips. “I must let you know and it is apparent to everyone here in the castle, that my heart is shattered because I lost my beloved brother,” she said dramatically.
Lucia gently placed Harald on the cobalt-blue silk bedding. She loved hearing him coo and watching him gnaw on his clenched fists. “Are you hungry, little one?” Lucia asked, playing with his feet. “Who killed him?” Lucia asked Vilda, not taking her eyes off the infant. The memories of her and her father’s last conversation rose to the forefront of her thoughts. He did give his life for me, I will give him that.
“Several guards were ordered to end his life simultaneously,” Vilda offered.
“You mean kill him, right?” Lucia said. “Say it—kill him.”
“Yes, kill him,” Vilda lowered her eyes. “I never wanted it, you know,” she said, stepping closer to Lucia.
“Perhaps.” Lucia continued to play with Harald’s feet. “But you did nothing to prevent it either, did you?”
Vilda’s face flustered. “There was no other alternative, Lucia.” 
“You could have let him live,” Lucia said, looking over at her aunt. She is a selfish, fat coward.
“No, he threatened the Empress’s life. He even threatened my life. That is treason!” Vilda said. 
“Treason? Ha!” Lucia barked. “Who is to say what treason is anymore. You stole the throne from my father, your own blood and made him—and me, may I remind you—a prisoner in our own home. Was that not treason?” Lucia’s eyes fixed on Vilda.
“He was never a great leader and something desperately needed to be done—someone needed to do it. I could not change the man, nor the way he reigned. I did not possess enough power,” Vilda said, her voice rising.
“Is it much better now?” Lucia asked. “Have all the problems of Midgard suddenly disappeared with this new ruler? She rang in the eternal winter, you know. Did you fail to recognize that?”
A handmaiden entered the room with the crib and silk sheets for the newborn.
“There are fewer problems and most things have improved, yes. Eiess listens to her advisers, you will see. She changes things when needed and she is not deceitful like your late mother and father.” 
“We will see,” Lucia said, undressing Harald. 
He started fussing.
“I will need more new clothes made for Harald,” Lucia said to Lena. “Seven outfits to start with—one for each day of the week. Outfits that are fit for a future king of the Northlandic Kingdom.” She lifted Harald into her arms. “I also need a wet-nurse immediately. Harald seems very hungry. It has been hours since he has eaten. I will need a new wardrobe. Send the tailor in first thing tomorrow morning. I cannot bear to wear these repulsive peasant clothes anymore.”
“One of the Lena’s just had a child. I will summon her, Your Majesty,” Lena said and curtsied. “And we have an excellent tailor who is in charge of all of the Empress’s wardrobes. I will have him here tomorrow morning.”
“Swell, that will be all.” Lucia walked over to the stained-glass window and over looked the fallen snow-white kingdom.
“Eiess would like to meet with you as soon as you are settled in,” Vilda said, stepping next to her.
Lucia glanced briefly over at Vilda. “Ah, Bergendal,” she said, bouncing Harald up and down, patting the crying child on his back. “It has changed much since Eiess has taken over. Not for the better, I am afraid. Tell Eiess I will meet with her in the throne room at sunset.”
“Yes, my lady.” Vilda started to leave.
“It is ‘Your Highness’ to you,” Lucia corrected, not softly. “I am still the heir to the Northlandic Throne. Your mind seems to be slipping, old woman.”
Vilda’s lips puckered. “I must give you some advice, so that your head is not the next thing to roll,” Vilda said perturbed.
“No, you must not. That will be all,” Lucia said, throwing Vilda a threatening glare.
Vilda huffed and left the room.
Lena came quickly and started nursing the ravenous child. The child suckled at the woman’s full breast until his sleepiness overcame him. 
He is my child, Lucia thought. There is a divine connection between he and I—I can feel it. The gods have brought him to me, so that I will have an heir. 
When the sun had gone down, Lucia walked through the corridors. How can I take back the throne? It was her throne, rightfully, as granted by the gods, as was right by her bloodline. She entered the throne room and Eiess was already sitting on her throne in an indigo silk dress. 
“Greetings.” Eiess smiled. “May I offer you some food or wine?” 
“Yes, food and wine,” Lucia said.
“Lena,” Eiess summoned one of the handmaidens in the room.
Lena stepped over immediately. “Yes, Your Highness.” She bowed her head.
“Prepare repast for us both and bring up some red wine immediately. We will dine in here,” Eiess said.
“Yes, right away, Your Excellency,” Lena said and departed faster than a galloping horse.
“I can imagine it must have been hard for you to come back here,” Eiess said. 
Four Lena’s came back and set up a small table with two chairs in the center of the throne room.
“It was,” Lucia said. “I could no longer stay where I was, so the choice was clear.”
Eiess stood up and took Lucia by the arm. “You are probably wondering how to get your throne back?” She walked them both back to the table.
Lucia was shocked, but she tried not to reveal it. I should not show my emotion. 
“I would expect nothing less from you. Of course, you are the rightful heiress of the Northlandic Throne. I would be a fool to think otherwise.” Eiess offered her to sit.
“I would be a fool to accept your first offer,” Lucia said.
“Offer?” Eiess said.
Lucia sat down. “You are going to offer me something, are you not?”
Eiess sat down on her chair, her light green eyes reflecting the torches and candles in the room. “Yes,” she said. “You are a smart one.”
“So, just start with the offer you were going to give as a last resort,” Lucia said. I will not be taken advantage of ever again.
“Very well.” Eiess smiled and folded her hands on top of the table. “I want the Aesira Jewel and in return, you will be crowned queen of the Northlandic Kingdom.”
“And—?” Lucia leaned forward, her elbows on the table now.
Eiess scoffed. “What else is there to give you?”
“I want Vilda dead. She betrayed my father and me. I want Ailia dead. She used me to get what she wanted,” Lucia said.
Eiess leaned back in her chair and smiled cunningly. Lena came with two gold goblets and poured the wine.
“Ailia is your sister. Do you not have any loyalty toward your family?” Eiess sipped from her goblet.
“She was raised a peasant and when she saw the opportunity, she betrayed me like her worst enemy. Do I owe her anything?” Lucia shook her head.
Eiess set her goblet down on the table. “No, but she is your sister, after all. The only family you have left besides Vilda.”
“I do not consider her or Vilda family,” Lucia said. “Should I?”
Eiess studied Lucia’s face for a while before saying anything. “When I left Alvheim and all the other Sentinors tried to bring me back, I refused to listen to them. I did not want to live under their oppressive rules any longer. There was no individuality, no freedom to express, no gratification. I am talking about the gratification that comes from creating something unique. All we were to do was protect Midgard and humanity.” Eiess traced the rim of her goblet with her middle finger. “Soon, I found that my existence was not fulfilling anymore. All I lived for was to please and help humans and of course the humans were never grateful for my many years of selfless sacrifice.”
“Do you regret leaving?” Lucia asked.
“I regret the relationships I lost. I loved the Sentinors. I loved the oneness we shared. I still love them now. But do I regret leaving and claiming my right as a living spirit to choose my own path?” She leaned forward and looked Lucia intensely in the eyes. “Never,” she said.
“I am like you,” Lucia said.
“You still have time to go back. It is not too late. You can still save your relationships, still fight on the other side.” Eiess drank from her goblet again.
“Would you let me go just like that?” Lucia asked.
“Yes,” Eiess said. “ I would be very put out, of course. Together, you and I would be invincible. With your powers as the Sun Queen of the Aesira bloodline and my powers as a Sentinor, we would be as powerful, or even more powerful, than Ailia and Soren combined.”
Lucia’s eyes wandered as she thought about Eiess’s offer. The idea excited her. This means I will have to make a choice, one that is for certain, without any doubt in my mind. 
Three Lena’s entered the throne room and decked the table with mounds of heavenly food.
Lucia had not noticed how hungry she was until the aroma hit her nostrils. She gulped all the wine from her cup and held it up for more.
Lena walked over and filled it to the brim.
“Eat,” Eiess offered, gesturing to the food.
After the meal, they both walked into the queen’s chamber. Lucia was relieved to see that Harald was still sleeping soundly in his new crib. A dress and sleeping tunic were laid out for her on the bed.
“I had them bring these in for you to wear, while we are waiting for more to be made,” Eiess said. “They should fit. They were your mother’s.”
Lucia lifted the gown off the bed, squeezed it tight to her chest and smelled it. Her mother’s rose-perfumed scent still lingered in the garment.
“If it is too much to bear, I can have—” Eiess started.
“No, this will do,” Lucia said, clinging onto the dress.
“Good,” Eiess said, gliding over to the door. “Take as long as you want on your decision. After a decision has been made, I expect it to be a life commitment.”
Lucia nodded. “Of course, as would I.”
“Sweet dreams,” Eiess said as she exited.
Lucia slipped into her mother’s sleeping tunic and hopped into bed. I am the Sun Queen now. She heard Harald stirring and grunting in his crib, but he remained sleeping. “What a day,” she said out loud as she remembered all the events. She never thought she would have ended up here today. Eiess’s offer had been very generous and she was right—They would be more powerful than Ailia and Soren together. Right as she was about to fall asleep, something hit her. How does Eiess know about Ailia? 


33

Frostland

The creaky sleigh arrived in Trollsoe as the sun made its first appearance of the day. Ailia couldn’t stop the tears from streaming. Her journey had been long and cold, travelling through high, snowy mountain paths and between gorges of ice, but that didn’t bother her as much as not knowing what had happened to Soren. If Soren had been killed, she wanted to die also. 
People were busy in the streets, opening their shops in the over-crowded market place. Leather, furs, wool, clothing, jewelry, fowls and beasts were among the merchandise being sold. The industrious city had managed to outgrow Bergendal over the last decade, most likely because of its port, which was beneficial for merchants and tradesmen. It had been over a hundred years since Eiess had burned the city to the ground, and there was no sign of destruction anywhere. 
Towering buildings and houses that were, in Ailia's mind, taller than necessary had popped up recently and the city was expanding by the day. Passing by each road, she could peer down the street all the way to the busy longhship-filled harbor. 
The Viking steered the sleigh onto the main path of the city and headed for the bay. She passed men women and children busy about their days, dressed in heavy overcoats and furs. Trollsoe seemed a happy city and everyone was probably unaware that Ailia’s hometown Bergendal had just been destroyed by the Vikings. Information travelled slowly and it might even be weeks before the news came here.
Ailia remembered vaguely the story Soren had told her about her first life. Is this where I lived with Soren? She wondered.
Shortly after they had crossed the city border, Ailia noticed a young man following her sleigh. He couldn’t be more than in his mid to late teens and he was not what Ailia would call large in stature. In fact, he looked like he could be called the shortest man in Trollsoe. He kept his black curly hair in a ponytail and he wore a brown-bear fur coat with his hood down. Sneaking after the sleigh, he waved to Ailia and smiled. 
Ailia grabbed the bars of her cage and looked out. “Can you help me?” she asked, not knowing whether he would be able to hear her in the distance with all that was going on. Other carts, horses and sleighs rushed by and the bells of the bell tower started chiming throughout the city.
“Quiet!” the Viking yelled back at Ailia. “Or I’ll take a beating to you.”
Suddenly the young man took off down the street. Ailia sat back down. That was strange, she thought. Longships and fishing boats lined the docks. The Viking stopped by the first longship and approached an elderly man who was busy bundling some rope. 
“I’d like to sell a well able, strong, young female thrall. She is a good worker and has served us well in the past,” the Viking said. Seagulls filled the air, squawking for food, diving for fish. The scent of fish infused the air.
“You will need to go see Mercer,” the old man said and pointed to another man, who was dressed like a nobleman.
The Viking directed the sleigh over in front of Mercer’s knarr and repeated his proposition. 
“One silver coin,” the nobleman said in a foreign accent, holding his finger up. 
The Viking scoffed. “That’s it?” he said. “You’ll have to do much better than that. She is worth at least ten silver coins, my girl.”
Only ten? Ailia thought. That is the value of my life? It seemed ridiculously low.
“If you want more for your female thrall, you will want to go see Erik or his son, Leif. They are Vikings and buy women for much more,” the nobleman said. “Six longships that way and you will find them.” He pointed.
The Viking nodded and followed Mercer’s direction. Finally, they arrived at a brand new longship. 
“Are you Erik?” the Viking asked a man who was directing his crew.
“That depends. Who are you?” the man answered. His eyes were a deep blueish gray and never rested too long on any one thing. He was large in stature and had silver strands of hair shading his dark blond hair.
“I am Oddvar. I was told you buy thrall women?” 
The Viking snorted and spit. “Ah! I am and yes, we do,” Erik said, placing his hands on his hips. “But today, we are full. No more passengers will fit on this fine dragonship. It is fine, don’t you think?” Different colored shields were lined up on the longship’s edge and the sides of the ship were painted in mustard yellow, rust red and deep-cobalt blue. 
“Uh, yes. She is young and able and—” Oddvar pulled in closer to Erik and whispered something in his ear.
Erik’s eyes lit up. “I see. In that case, I think we can make an exception for one more girl, ay?” he said. “Leif! We have another passenger!” 
Ailia wanted to know what Oddvar had whispered.
Leif came running and looked into the cage. “Five silver coins,” he said.
“Bah, Ten!” Oddvar insisted.
“Eight, or we leave her behind,” Erik said, handing him the coins.
“Eight it is!” Oddvar said and stuffed the coins in his sheepskin overcoat pocket. Oddvar opened the door of Ailia’s prison and pulled her out. 
“Do you speak our language?” Erik asked her, holding onto her arm tightly.
Ailia squeezed her lips together and looked away.
“She speaks Norse,” Oddvar said and knocked her on the side of the head.
Ailia wanted to shove him back, but she reasoned it would be best not to start a long trip at sea in a bad way.
The young man who had followed her earlier appeared. “May I buy her from you?” he asked. “I can pay you ten gold coins.” He jingled a leather purse.
A much better offer, Ailia thought. I would much rather go with him.
Oddvar looked at Leif and Erik and nodded, his eyebrows eagerly rising up.
“No, she has already been sold to us,” Erik said, pulling Ailia toward him and then pushing her toward the longship.
“Twenty gold coins?” the young man said.
Erik looked as if he were thinking about it. “No,” he said again.
The young man shifted uncomfortably. “I’m willing and prepared to pay you one hundred gold coins for her, but that’s all I have,” he said and huffed. “You’d be a fool to turn it down.”
They would be crazy not to take it, Ailia thought.
“What is she to you?” Oddvar asked.
“That’s my business,” the young man replied.
“Load her up,” Erik said to Leif. 
Leif looked at him as if he were crazy. “But—”
“Load her onto the ship, Son,” Erik said sternly.
Leif shook his head but did as his father commanded.
Who is this young man? Ailia wondered. I don’t know him, do I?
“Then I surrender my freedom and am willing to come with you as your thrall on your longship,” the young man said to Erik.
There was a pause and the Vikings glanced at each other.
“Leave us be and keep your freedom,” Leif said. “Don’t waste your life on a thrall girl.”
“I’m a great worker and have labored on longships before. I know I would be very valuable to you.” The young man moved into Erik’s way, standing between the longship and Ailia. 
He is mighty bold to be so young and small in stature, Ailia thought.
“If this is some sort of foolery, I’ll have your head,” Erik said. “Now, get out of my way!”
The young man shook his head. “No, the only thing I desire is to come and serve you, so I can be with this woman here,” he said, pulling Ailia by the arm.
“Very well, but I will need those one hundred gold coins from you,” Erik said. His eyebrows arched nearly halfway up his forehead.
The young man didn’t flinch or pause but handed Erik the heavy leather pouch. 
Erik looked like he had made the best deal of his life as he looked into the pouch. “All aboard!!” he yelled, grinning from ear to ear. 
 “Who are you?” Ailia whispered as they boarded the longship. She looked up at the massive red sail, which carried a black raven. Just my luck, more bloodthirsty Vikings. She felt the ship move on the water’s surface and she felt a panic rise inside her, thinking about being on a ship on the water. They maneuvered toward the stern of the ship, passing rows of wooden chests lining the deck’s outer sides and crates and barrels carrying cargo.
“I was just going to ask you the same question,” the young man said.
“Why are you doing this? Helping me, I mean?” Ailia asked.
“When I saw your cart—” He paused.
“What?” Ailia asked.
Leaning in, he whispered, “I saw a light coming from it.” They passed some horses, cows and goats on the deck. 
“Light? Hmm—and that made you follow me and give up your freedom?” Ailia asked.
“Yes,” he said. “Because I believe I know who you are, but I’m afraid to say,” he said, his voice even lower now.
“Don’t be afraid,” Ailia said, hoping he would know who she was and that was why he had risked his life for her.
The ship’s stern was carved like a dragon’s tail and painted gold and Ailia could see, from the rear, the ship’s massive dragonhead prow painted in the same gold. 
“Ah, you see the dragon,” Leif said, walking up next to Ailia. “It’s to keep away the sea devils and Jormundgand, the Midgard Sea Serpent that encircles all of Midgard’s waters. You know of him, right?”
Ailia looked at him fearfully. What other ominous creatures exist out there that I used to think were just a fable?  
“You, sit here, you, here,” Leif said, directing them. He grabbed a rope and tied their hands and feet together, which he then tied to a steel ring secured to a beam on the deck. “We treat our thralls like we treat our animals. You’ll have food and water, but you have no rights other than to breathe the fresh air and to think your own thoughts. We own you now, just like those animals over there,” he said, pointing to the beasts on board. He marched off and came back carrying a hefty, grey fur throw. “For you to share, so you don’t die from the cold.” He flung it toward them. “Prepare to cast off!” he shouted to everyone on board.
The young man turned to Ailia again and wrapped the fur around her freezing body. “You are Light, or Lucia,” the young man said.
Ailia remained silent. How does he know?
“I am Erlend Junior,” he said, grinning broadly, deep dimples etching his cheeks.
Ailia thought for a moment. “Erlend—?” she said. Then she remembered and she gasped. “Erlend!” she yelled, trying to embrace him. “My grandson!” She felt guilty immediately. “You shouldn’t be here! You need to get off this ship. What about your parents? They’ll go crazy not knowing where you are.”
“When I saw you, I ran back home to Sorenhall as fast as I could. I searched for my parents, but they weren’t there. So my grandfather gave me money to purchase your freedom. I asked him what to do if they wouldn’t sell you and he said, 'go and bring Light back, no matter the cost.' So, I couldn’t just leave you. I must complete the mission I started. I’m not a person who gives up so easily, if I might say so myself,” Erlend said.
“Thank you for what you did,” Ailia said. “I’m very glad you are here. Now, how are we going to get out of this mess?”
“Well, it looks like we are headed to Frostland and then Floraland, so we’ll have a long time to think about it,” Erlend said.
“I don’t like the water or boats very much,” Ailia said, remembering her drowning dreams and the Nukkern.
“Well, I can understand why,” Erlend said. “I’m a great swimmer, so if anything happens, I’ll help you.”
Ailia worried. “But, we will both freeze to death in the icy water.”
“Not likely,” he said. “I can manipulate the temperature in the water and heat the water around our bodies. And the only way you can die, is either by beheading or drowning, right?”
Ailia didn’t know that, but she hoped it was true. “Well, I hope it never gets to that,” Ailia said, dreading the thought of entering any water ever again.
The sixty-four Vikings on board readied the ship for departure. They each sat down on their sea chests next to their lengthy ores and started eagerly rowing out to sea. Their rhythm was steady and sure, impelling the longship forward with each forceful row.
Ailia’s heart sank. How would she ever find Soren again, if he were even alive? The thought of his death petrified her. Suddenly, she thought she heard her name being called. 
“Ailia! Ailia!” The voice echoed in the distance. She tried to stand up but couldn’t as the ropes held her down. Is that who I think it is? It sounded like Soren and Silya’s voices.
“Ailia!” Soren yelled.
“Ailia,” Silya yelled.
“Soren!” She screamed at the top of her lungs. He’s alive!  “I’m here, on the Viking ship!”
Erlend started chiming in. “She is here! Ailia’s here!”
The longship had reached further out to sea now.
Leif came over and gagged both Ailia and Erlend. “Shut up! You belong to us, did you forget?” He gave them each a potent kick and headed to the ship’s prow and said something to Erik.
Ailia knew she didn’t belong to anyone other than Soren. She hoped Soren and Silya had heard them. But even if they had, how would they be able to rescue them without a ship?
Erik stood at the front of the longship. “Listen up, everyone. On the last journey, we had some troublemakers on board.” He walked up and down the narrow lane. “They didn’t follow instructions perfectly. I would love to see any others try to do the same. Throwing people off my dragonship bound and gagged is one of my favorite things to do.”
Ailia cringed. She suspected his speech was directed at them.
“Bring the ores up!” Erik yelled.
All the Vikings lifted their ores in from the water and set them aside.
“Prepare to hoist the sail!” Erik blasted.
The Vikings all ran to different stations and waited for the next command.
“Sails up!” Erik bellowed.
The red sail caught the strong wind immediately and carried the longship forward. Waves crashed against the bow of the longship, sending splashing saltwater over the edges and onto the deck. The ship swayed up and down as it drove forth.
It’s all lost, Ailia thought. She started to cry. Erlend told her they’d work it out and not to worry, but she wouldn’t be comforted. 
After they had sailed for some time, one of the Vikings came over and undid their gags. “Time to eat,” he said and threw them each a bowl of some type of mush.
Ailia hated every Viking on the ship. And hadn’t it been for the intense hunger churning in her belly, she would have refused their food. “How long until we get to Frostland?” Ailia asked Erlend.
“Much depends on the winds. If the winds are as strong as they are now, we could be there in less than a week.” 
Ailia moaned. “I’m not feeling so well,” she said, suddenly acutely aware of the unsettling feeling in her stomach.
“Do you think you are going to throw up?” Erlend asked.
“Maybe.” She glanced at him and moaned again.
“Sir, sir, could we please have a bucket? My friend here thinks she is going to throw up,” Erlend said, tugging on the nearest Viking’s overcoat. 
“Well, then she’ll just have to do it overboard,” the Viking answered.
Ailia reached for her mouth and moaned again. “Could you untie me so I can relieve myself?” she said.
The Viking hopped over and cut her and Erlend free. “Suppose you cannot escape now,” he said. 
Ailia sprinted over to the side of the ship and hurled. 
“Not used to sailing?” Erlend said, coming up behind her. He stroked her gently on the back.
Ailia looked at him, feeling drained. “I’ve never been on a ship until now,” she said. “Well, not during this life, anyway.”
“You will get used to it after a while,” Erlend said. “I sail all the time.”
Ailia tried to smile, but the vomit was too fresh in her mouth and she quickly found herself hurling again.
By the end of the day, Ailia had vomited more times than she could count. And though the weather was beautiful and sunny, the winds were strong and continually swayed the longship back and forth. Finally, the sun set on the horizon, sending the heavens into a whirlwind of rouges.

*    *    *

“We’ll stay one day only when we arrive in Frostland,” Erik directed his crew the next morning. “Remember, no plundering there. This is our regular overlay and we need to keep the relationships peaceable.” Erik came over to Ailia and Erlend. “Where did you say you were from exactly?” Erik asked Ailia.
“Bergendal, sir,” she said, standing up. Erlend had managed to locate shears to even out Ailia’s hair. It looked much smoother now and actually was a little wavy.
“How did you end up being a thrall? You don’t seem to fit the part,” Erik said.
Ailia looked at Erlend. Should I tell him?
Erlend nodded.
“I was captured by Vikings when they raided Bergendal,” Ailia said.
“So, you are a native then?” Erik asked.
“Yes,” Ailia said.
“Interesting. What was the name of your Viking chieftain?” Erik blinked.
“Gunnar.” Ailia felt like he was interrogating her.
“Haven’t heard of him. I thought I knew all the Viking chieftains. Must be a rogue.” Erik came closer. “You live close to Eiess, don’t you, ay?” 
Ailia hesitated for a moment, but then nodded.
“Eiess,” Erik said slowly, his eyes narrowing. “I work for that Dragon, you know. She has sent me out to hunt for the Great Sentinor.” He grabbed the rails of the longship and looked out to sea. “Eiess is uglier than the Midgard sea serpent, Jormundgand.” He turned back to face Ailia again. “Have you heard about this Great Sentinor named Lucia?”
Ailia swallowed. 
“She is supposed to destroy Eiess and get rid of this wretched winter,” Erik said. “I would like that. But what I’d like even better is to find the Great Sentinor. If I do find her, Eiess has promised me an unlimited supply of longships. Nothing would be more rewarding than that!” He laughed wickedly.
“I’ve heard of the Great Sentinor,” Ailia said. “But, isn’t she just a myth?”
“No, she’s real. Eiess had her captured in the Northlandic Castle some months back, but she escaped,” Erik said.
“I’ve never met her,” Ailia said.
“Me neither,” Erlend chimed in.
“Hmm,” Erik said. “No one has. She may have just vanished into thin air, this mysterious Great Sentinor. She is supposedly guided, you know. Do you believe that all men and women are guided?”
“What do you mean?” Ailia asked. 
“Guided by a higher power, like the gods?” Erik clarified. 
“I, uh, I don’t know anymore. I thought I was, but lately, it seems I’ve had nothing but trouble,” Ailia said. 
Erik laughed heartily. “I like you, Ailia. You are sincere.” He paused and then said, “Let me give you a piece of advice. Just know that the sun still shines just as brightly, even though it is behind the blackest of clouds. And usually, I have found, to get to Valhalla, you have to spend some time in Helheim.” Erik marched off and yelled at some of his Vikings.
“It seems like it’s going to be night forever,” Ailia said, halfway to herself, halfway to Erlend.

*    *    *

Three days after departing Trollsoe, Ailia finally got used to the swaying longship and was able to keep some food in her stomach. Over the course of the week, she filled Erlend in on all the details about how she had come to this point. They arrived in Frostland seven days after departure. 
“Remember men, no plundering here!” Erik yelled as the crew of Vikings stormed off the longship.
They had landed on the southwestern side of the island in Grindale. Before they had reached land, Erik had spoken of a hot spring of water they were going to visit. “Azure Lagoon,” he had called it. Ailia couldn’t wait to have her feet meet the unshifting soil. 
Erik sent one of his men over and had him chain Erlend’s and Ailia’s ankles together. “Erik is obsessed about protecting his investments,” the Viking said. “You run, you die.”
Ailia and Erlend limped off the longship and got in line behind the two rows of Vikings. 
On solid ground again. Ailia felt liberated from the fear of drowning she had been living with the past week. 
“Every man may do as he pleases. I’m personally going to take a bath!” Erik said.
The Vikings chuckled.
“Be back tomorrow. That is when we leave for Floraland. All relieved!” Erik turned around and they started hiking toward the spring. About half the Vikings left the lines, while the other half followed their chieftain.
Ailia could tell just a few steps into the trip that the chain around her ankles was going to rub her skin raw, unless she did something to prevent it. She tore off a piece of her skirt and stuffed it between her stocking and the metal. She did the same for Erlend.
“Thank you,” Erlend said.
“It’s the least I can do for the man who risked his life for me,” Ailia said, taking his arm.
Frostland seemed milder than the Northlandic Kingdom’s mainland. The gentle sloping hills were covered in snow, but Ailia was surprised to see splotches of bare earth between the whites. “Have you been here before?” Ailia asked Erlend as they walked.
“Yes, once,” Erlend said. “With my father many years ago. When we were here, a small volcano erupted.”
“That sounds frightening,” Ailia said.
“It wasn’t much of a volcano, though. No one was hurt,” Erlend said.
The walk over to the milky-blue springs was not far at all. At the springs, Erik approached a hefty blond. The woman came over to Ailia and Erlend right away. 
“Ailia comes with me,” the woman said, unlocking their chains. “If you try to escape, I will kill you. I am Gilda. Good to meet you. Now come.”
Ailia looked over at Erlend. “Will you be all right?”
Erlend nodded.
When Ailia and Gilda arrived at a small wooden bathhouse, Gilda undressed. “Do you not want to bathe?” she asked Ailia.
“Uh, yes, I do,” Ailia said and began undressing. But inside she felt terrified. She hated deep water.
“I will have your clothes cleaned,” Gilda said, taking them from Ailia as she disrobed.
“Thank you.” Ailia felt uncomfortable being in the nude in the presence of strangers. “Is there a towel I can use?”
Gilda looked at her and grimaced. “For what?” she said. She stepped outside and started for the springs, her pale fat jiggling as she trotted toward her destination.
Ailia couldn’t help but laugh. She followed Gilda, trying to act as normal as possible. When the chill air hit her bare flesh, her skin cringed and turned into a blanket of goose bumps. At the springs, Ailia tested the water with her toe. Warm, almost hot. And to her relief, she saw that it wasn’t deep at all. She stepped out of the freezing air and into the bath of heat. It relaxed her entire body, and she even found herself enjoying it. Gilda looked happy, frolicking in the spring’s waters.
After the bath, Gilda handed Ailia an off-white linen under tunic and a light green wool over tunic to dress in and brought Ailia back to her longhouse with her. “Erik is expecting you,” she said. 
At the longhouse, most of the Vikings had made their way back from wherever they had been and sat at the long table, partaking in a grand meal. Gilda brought Ailia over to Erik right away.
“Ailia,” Erik said. “Serve me my meal and then, you may eat all you want in the back room there with Erlend.” He pointed.
Ailia did as she was told and then joined Erlend in the back. His stomach looked as if he had eaten a horse. 
 “Not bad, not bad,” he said moaning, his hands massaging his protruding belly.
Ailia smiled. “I’m glad you got enough to eat.”
“The food is even better than at home.” His heavy eyelids closed as he spoke.
Gilda arrived shortly after and chained the two together again.
After eating all she could, Ailia settled down to rest, her back propped up against a wood pillar.




34

Death

“Ailia—Ailia wake up!” she heard someone call. She hadn’t even noticed that she had fallen asleep. Someone was tenderly caressing her cheek. The voice almost sounded like Soren’s. I must be dreaming. 
“Ailia.” Someone shook her arm now and she opened her eyes. Soren is here. This was the perfect dream. 
“Wake up!” Soren said, stroking her arm. He looked wet and cold.
Ailia heard raindrops beating on the rooftop. “Soren, I’m so sorry for all that has happened.” Maybe he is dead and this is his spirit visiting me. A sinking feeling set in. I would die if Soren were dead.
“Come with me,” Soren said, gently tugging at her arms. 
“I love you,” Ailia said. “Am I dreaming?”
“No, you have got to wake up!” Soren grabbed her hand and pulled her with him.
Just then, she realized that she was not dreaming, but that Soren was actually there with her and he was trying to bring her with him unnoticed by the slumbering Vikings. She opened her eyes wide and gasped.
“Shh.” He turned to her and kissed her lightly on the lips. 
She desperately wanted more, but she knew all too well that they had other things that needed to come first—moving to a safer place being the most important. “Wait,” she said. “Erlend Junior is here.” She shook Erlend and woke him up.
“How did he get here?” Soren asked.
“He found me in Trollsoe. I’ll tell you about it later,” Ailia whispered.
Soren nodded.
“Follow us,” Ailia whispered, helping Erlend to his feet.
Their chains rattled in the dark and Ailia worried that the sound would awaken the Vikings.
Soren knelt down and looked at them. “I do not think we can get you out of these now,” he whispered. “You will have to try to be very quiet as we leave.”
They snuck out the back door that was closest to them. A heavy, low-lying fog had rolled in and a mist of clouds drifted above the glowing springs. The rain came down light, tickling Ailia’s face as it landed on her skin. 
Soren signaled them to follow him. Outside, Ailia could see Ivar and Silya waiting with three horses. Soren signaled to Ailia and Erlend to mount one horse and he jumped onto the horse Silya was riding. Ivar rode alone. 
After they had ridden for some time, Ailia finally dared to speak. “How did you find us?”
“We just followed the Viking’s tracks to Trollsoe and once we got there, it was easy,” Silya said. “We heard you yelling for us from the longship. After we realized we could not get you off the ship, we just asked around the port, where the ship was headed. A few pieces of silver was all it took.”
“Soren, how did you manage to get out of the Viking camp? When they brought me back outside, you were gone. I saw lots of blood and I thought they might have killed you,” Ailia said.
“I owe my life to Silya,” Soren said.
“Yes, you do.” Silya laughed.
“The Vikings stabbed me in the abdomen and left me in the woods for hours, probably thinking that I would die. But when they came to check up on me again, I was still alive. They then decided to decapitate me, but Silya came riding up just in time and shot them down with her bow and arrow. All three at once! You should have seen it,” Soren said. 
Silya looked like she reveled in his compliments.
“So, you’re hurt?” Ailia asked.
“I am fine. I am the Sentinor of healing and this wound was not too deep. I am just a little sore, that is all. Are you both all right? Any injuries I need to know about?” Soren asked.
“No,” Ailia said.
“No,” Erlend said.
“That was a very brave thing you did, Erlend. Thank you for watching after my Ailia,” Soren said.
Ailia liked how he called her his. 
“It was the only thing I could do. And to me, there was no other option than to make sure she was safe,” Erlend said.
Ailia gave him a squeeze. “Thank you.”
“We have a small karve ready at port and we will need to leave immediately. If the Vikings find out that you are missing, they might come after us. It all depends on how vindictive their chieftain is,” Soren said.
“He seemed fairly reasonable—at least for a Viking. But my guess is he will probably come after us,” Ailia said. 
They rode on for a while in silence and arrived at port. 
“This small karve is no match for Erik’s longship, if he decides to pursue us,” Erlend said.
Ailia knew he was right: the longship was really small. And she dreaded having to get onto yet another ship. She reasoned with herself that she’d be safe with Soren on the ship, but her heart still pounded nervously and her insides felt like fluid. After Soren paid the portman for the horses, they were on their way. 
Out in the bay, the fickle wind tossed the karve’s sail in different directions, moving it nowhere, so they decided to row until they picked up a steady breeze. Clouds were still rumbling in the heavens and lightning flashed in the distance. 
Soren came over to Ailia and Erlend and picked the lock of their chains. The lock clicked open.
I am free! Ailia jumped into Soren’s arms. They stood in each other’s embrace and squeezed each other tightly. But her moment of joy was short-lived. Suddenly, she noticed small, moving specks of light off the shore. Are they torches? Her stomach sank. “Torches.” She pointed to them. Oh no!
The others glanced back toward land. 
“It appears they have discovered that you are missing. Quickly, kill the lights. Hopefully, they have not seen us,” Soren said.
Ailia could see Erik approaching the portman and the portman pointed out to sea in their direction. 
“Oh, Mjoelnir!” Ivar said. “They are coming for us!”
It looked like the Vikings had seen them and were all headed straight toward their dragonship.
Ailia estimated there were about twenty or so of them total. It didn’t look like all of Erik’s Vikings had come down to the shore, thankfully. But now it was inescapable—there would be a battle at sea.
“Row!” Soren said, grabbing his ore.
Everyone aboard the karve grabbed an ore and rowed for their lives, knowing full well that the odds were sorely not in their favor.
“Stop rowing,” Soren said, suddenly.
“What?” Ailia said. “They’re going to kill us!” She knew she was going to die today.
“I need to call upon someone for help if we want to make it out of this alive.” Soren took off his overcoat and two tunics and dove into the freezing ocean.
Ailia ran over to the edge of the karve and looked for him in the deep. What is he doing?
Soren surfaced again to the top a ways away and swam toward them. They helped hoist him back in the boat and got him dressed. 
“Can I try something?” Erlend asked.
“Of course,” Soren said. “Anything at this point.” His dark hair dripped of saltwater.
“I’ve been practicing on developing my endowment and though I haven’t yet perfected it, I might be able to speed the ship up with some winds.” Erlend fidgeted where he stood.
“How dangerous is it?” Soren asked.
“Well, last time I tried it, my boat capsized,” Erlend said and grimaced.
Ailia felt all the blood leave her face, and she felt suddenly very weak.
“Oh.” Soren nodded and his eyes flared.
“But that was over a month ago and my boat was just a small fishing boat!” Erlend confessed. “I’m much better at it now.”
“Let us try it,” Soren said.
Ailia’s chest started revolting as she thought about the water and her most recent near-drowning experience. If anything went wrong here, even Soren probably could not keep her safe. But there was no other option.
Erlend nodded. He breathed out quickly twice and cracked his knuckles. Closing his eyes, he raised his arms into the air and stood still.
They waited. Nothing happened. The Vikings were getting closer—too close.
“Erlend?” Soren said. “They are closing in on us.”
“Wait, just a little while longer,” Erlend said, keeping his eyes closed, now squinting them shut. “Now, hold on tight!” he yelled.
Suddenly, a gust of wind caught the sail and thrust the karve forward. 
Ailia nearly fell out into the water, but Soren grabbed her arm, pulling her back in. Holding on tightly to him, she kept repeating in her mind, Soren will keep me safe, Soren will keep me safe, Soren will keep me safe.
“Whoa!” Erlend said. “This is amazing! I’m simply amazing!”
Ailia heard Soren laugh. She looked into his eyes in the darkness and they both smiled. Their boat seemed to skim across the surface of the water—they were moving that fast. We’re going to make it! Then, out of nowhere, the wind ceased and the karve stalled. 
“I don’t understand,” Erlend said. He stood up again and refocused. Nothing happened. He breathed deeply, fretted and cursed the winds that didn’t bow to his command.
The distance between them and the dragonship was great, but the Vikings were gaining on them quickly.
“To the ores!” Soren yelled. 
They all took their places and started rowing again. Ailia knew it was of no use. They needed a miracle. 
Within minutes, the dragonship had overtaken them. The first Viking jumped into the karve. Soren pulled out his sword, stabbed him through and through and pushed him into the sea. Two other Vikings jumped in. Ivar pulled his dagger and slashed at one of them. Soren struggled a little this time, but finally slashed off the arm of the other and kicked the Viking into the ocean. 
Ailia stood behind Erlend, who had picked up a sword from the deck and moved in front of her. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll protect you,” Erlend said.
Then, she felt a rope lasso her body. It came from the dragonship. She screamed. She was drawn toward the edge of the karve and even though she resisted, she couldn’t help but be pulled out into the water. Dangling from the rope with her torso above water and her legs below, she screamed. She looked up and saw that Leif was at the other end of the rope, pulling her upwards. “Soren!” she yelled. “Help!”
Soren came over immediately. Then, Soren did something Ailia wasn’t expecting. He slashed the rope with his sword. Her body sunk into the ocean, the painfully cold ocean. I cannot swim! I’m going to die! She opened her eyes to see if there was anything she could grab to pull herself up, but right in front of her, she saw the Nukkern’s ugly face before her. Petrified, she started hitting him with her fists.
He grabbed her arms. They were so strong. He then pulled her further under with him and placed his lips over hers. 
Ailia knew her life was over. I have failed, yet again. Now Eiess would rule forever and humanity would slowly disappear from Midgard. She’d never fulfill her purpose, she’d only die and her and Soren’s souls would vanish forever.
 But then, Ailia felt air fill her lungs from the Nukkern’s breath. She inhaled and pulled back.
He smiled. It was a grotesque smile, but a smile nonetheless. 
Ailia exhaled and he pressed his lips to hers again, exhaling air into her lungs. Is he—helping me? Did Soren beckon for him?  Ailia exhaled.
Yet a third time, the Nukkern came toward her, exhaling air into her lungs. Then, he exploded upwards out of the water and came back down with three Vikings clutched in his grip. 
The Vikings kicked and squirmed, but the Nukkern was too strong for even the three of them. He dragged them down to the deep, so deep that Ailia couldn’t even see them anymore.
Then, the Nukkern came back to her and granted her air before bursting to the surface again, only to bring three more Vikings back down with him. He disappeared into the depths with the savages and neared Ailia. Taking her hand, he led her to the surface where Soren and the others were waiting for her. She felt extremely cold now, numb and shaking uncontrollably. Even her fingernails and toenails hurt. Ailia was surprised when she couldn’t see a single living Viking anywhere. They must have killed them all off and pushed them into the ocean. The Nukkern jumped back into the sea and disappeared.
 “You have been under for a few minutes. Erlend will help you warm up.” Soren offered her his hand and pulled Ailia out of the icy water.
Ailia thought he seemed a little too calloused for what he had just put her through. “I could have died!” she said.
“No, I would never have allowed that.” Soren guided Ailia over to Erlend who sat down behind her and wrapped his arms around her body.
Ailia felt excessively cold, but just then, she realized that she could probably have been under the icy water for a lot longer and still have survived as long as she had air. I’m a demi-mortal. Then, she started feeling heat emerging from Erlend. The hotness spread through her body immediately and in an instant, she felt warm again. 
Silya came over with a change of clothes. “This is all I have,” she said. It was one of her Sami outfits.
“Thank you,” Ailia said and took the clothes. 
Just then, Ivar collapsed onto the karve’s deck right next to Ailia.
“Ivar!” Soren called. He rushed over from the mast and knelt down beside the fallen warrior.
“I think those Vikings got me good, Soren,” Ivar said, uncovering his hand from his chest, near his heart, revealing a ghastly wound.
Soren looked at Ailia, his eyes exuding sadness. Immediately she could tell that Soren didn’t think Ivar would survive. 
“I have had an amazing life,” Ivar said. “It is an honor to die this way, defending the Great Sentinor. The gods will—” he took a deep breath and looked at Ailia. “—surely welcome me in to Valhalla.”
“Can’t you do something to help him, Soren?” Ailia asked.
“No,” Soren said.
“Why not?” Ailia asked. 
“I cannot. I am sorry, my friend.” He cradled Ivar’s head in his lap. 
“I am fine. I feel no pain,” Ivar said.
Ailia wondered if Soren was helping relieve Ivar’s discomfort. She didn’t understand why he couldn’t save Ivar’s life. He has healing powers, doesn’t he?
“You must succeed, Ailia. You must. For me, for your mother, your father, for all us fallen for freedom’s sake, for your sake,” Ivar said.
Ailia nodded fervently, her eyes full of tears. She wanted to say I will, but the words got stuck in her throat. I will. I will. 
Ivar’s eyes defocused and Ailia could see that his spirit had left his body. 
“I cannot do all things Ailia. I am not an omnipotent healer.” Soren brushed his fingers over Ivar’s eyes, closing them.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know,” Ailia said, her hand reaching for his. Though, in her mind, he still seemed to be that which he didn’t think he was.
They took over Erik’s dragonship and sent Ivar’s body out to sea in the karve. When the small longship had drifted a ways, Silya shot ten flaming arrows, setting the karve on fire. She sang a melancholy Sami burial melody.
“What happened to the Nukkern?” Ailia asked after the brief ceremony. “I wanted to personally thank him for helping me.”
“He left. He is not into socializing. He has also now fulfilled his commitment to me and is free to do as he wishes.” Soren came over to Ailia and wrapped his arms around her. They watched the flames of Ivar’s burial ship ascending to heaven. “I am never going to let you go,” he said. “Will you stay with me forever?”
Ailia nodded. “Forever,” she said.
The bottomless sea swallowed up the humble karve and the great warrior, and the living began their journey home in their new dragonship.



35

A New Beginning

Trollsoe bay looked just the same as when Ailia had left—active and iced over. Each seaman worked on either readying his ship to sail or on overseeing his men to do it for him. So busy, Ailia thought, looking at the port. Crowded longships stacked up against each other like fish in a basket. She couldn’t wait to meet the rest of the family—her family.
Sorenhall stood only five longhouses away from the bay and when they arrived, Liv greeted them all back in the courtyard with a generous embrace. “Welcome to our home.” Her barely-there eyebrows moved as she spoke. On their way home from Frostland, Soren had described Liv as the most enthusiastic woman in all of Trollsoe and Ailia could see why. Liv spoke and moved with the energy of an excited five year old.
Small circular wooden tiles coated the sweeping roof and the body of the longhouse was made of stone. It was the largest longhouse Ailia had ever seen.
“Please, please come inside.” Liv looked overjoyed to see them. “You must all be so very exhausted. It’s good to see you again, Silya.”
Silya nodded. “Same here.”
Liv wrapped her arm around Ailia’s shoulders and steered her toward the entrance. “I’ve wanted to meet you since the day I was born!” she said. 
Ailia smiled. “And I, you.”
“Watch your head there,” Liv said as they entered through the low-framed door. “Now, there’s an eastern entrance too, but this entrance is the main one and leads straight into the kitchen. My husband Otto is out fishing today with Erlend Senior. Poor guy. Erlend Senior, I mean, not my husband. He can barely keep up these days. You’ll meet them both later. They’re never late for repast.” 
Liv’s casual demeanor helped put Ailia at ease, which was well needed, after all she had been through this past year. 
“Now, I always, always speak my mind, whether my words make sense to anyone else or not, so please don’t take anything personally or read too much into it. Sometimes, I cannot even make sense of what I’m saying myself,” Liv explained.
Ailia laughed.
“So, here is the kitchen with the hearth. I’ll fix you something to eat in a minute and follow me,” Liv said. “Here is the pantry and storage room and of course—” she waved them all to continue to follow her, “—here is the main room. I’ll have you sleep in here on the benches next to the children over there. Will that suit you?  If not, I can always—”
“It will suit us just fine,” Soren said. 
“Or, maybe you can sleep in the cot, or, no, I have a great idea,” Liv said, not divulging it, but looking very excited about it.
Two hearths glowed in the center of the narrow, long room and low-lying platforms lined the walls on either side. The loom and spinning wheel were situated on the left platform next to where the children slept and three longtables decked the platform on the right.
Soren whispered to Ailia, “If you remember, Liv and Alva are our great grandchildren. Liv married Otto and together, they have three young children. Alva married his wife Eira and together they have two children. You will get to meet them all later.”
Ailia nodded. She wanted to meet them, so she could put faces with their names. My children’s children. 
“Ah, there you are!” Liv said, welcoming the men home. “Erlend Senior and Otto, meet Ailia.”
“Erlend Senior, Freydis’s son and the patriarch of the family, is slowing down at the ripe old age of seventy-three,” Soren whispered. “You will like him.”
Erlend Senior headed straight over to Ailia and hugged her warmly. “I have been waiting all my life, just so I could meet you,” he said. He looked a lot like Soren, but just a lot older and had gray hair instead of dark brown.
“Me too,” Ailia said, tearing up. Freydis’s son.
Otto came over and embraced her next. “It’s an honor to finally meet you. Please, our home is your home. You are welcome to stay—well, forever if you’d like.” His thick, black beard fluttered when his lips moved and his kind hazel eyes seemed to smile even though his full lips did not.
“Thank you,” Ailia said. 
That evening, when everyone had arrived back home, Erlend Senior took it upon himself to formally introduce all the youths of the family to Ailia. “This is Stina, she is seventeen and Vidar here is eighteen and, finally, Erlend Junior, named after me of course. Well, you already met him, but he is nineteen, almost twenty and is the eldest of all the grandchildren,” he said, looking proud, sitting in his chair waiving his crooked, old cane. “Liv and Otto are very blessed to have such lovely children. Aren’t they beautiful?”
“Yes, so very beautiful,” Ailia said. “Glad to meet you all.” They all had a special glow about them, she thought and they all had the same black curly hair as Erlend Junior did, definitely a feature they had gotten from their father, Otto.
“And here are Alva and Eira’s young ones. Martin just turned eighteen and Solvei is the baby of them all,” Erlend Senior said.
“I’m not a baby anymore! I just turned sixteen!” Solvei yelled. “And, who are you exactly?” Solvei asked Ailia, staring her down with an iron glare and less than hospitable demeanor. Her blond, messy hair fit well with her feisty personality.
Ailia laughed warmly. “Well, I’m your—uh—.” She didn’t quite know what to say.
“Aunt will do just fine,” Liv said, standing next to Ailia. She placed her hands on Ailia’s shoulders and looked at Soren and winked.
Soren smiled and nodded. “Aunt Ailia. I like that.”
Ailia gave him a look. 
“Watch out for Solvei,” Erlend Senior said. “She is beautiful as the day is long, but she has a tongue like a dragon!” He laughed until he started hacking and coughing. 
“Erlend’s wife, Ida, died last winter of a sudden onset of pneumonia. That is why he still wears his black mourning clothes,” Soren whispered. 
I wish I would have met her too. Ailia nodded.
That evening, the family sat down for repast to a meal worthy of the gods. 
“Can you tell us a story about one of Lucia’s first lives?” Vidar asked Soren, leaning across the table, as he very inelegantly reached for the breadbasket.
Otto passed the breadbasket to him. “Let the poor man eat his food in peace and quiet. Excuse my son. His manners have seemed to disappear. He threw Vidar a one-eyebrow look. Then, picking up Soren’s empty cup, he said, “Guri, get this man some more to drink! His cup is empty.”
Guri, their thrall, stood up from the end of the table and fetched the ale barrel. She poured Soren’s goblet full.
“I do not mind telling stories. Maybe after we have finished eating?” Soren said.
Vidar smiled, tossing and catching his roll into the air. “I’ll see you later.”
The sun sank into the ocean and eight wall-torches were lit. The satiated group meandered over to the two living hearths. Shadows of gray played on the surface of the bisque oak walls and intensified as the darkness set in.
“Can I have your attention?” Silya asked the gathering. In her hands she held something covered in a black linen cloth. “I was able to locate something of extreme value to everyone here. I apologize for not telling you sooner, but I did not because of the obvious risk factor.”
Ailia looked at Soren and she could tell they were both thinking the same thing. The Aesira Jewel.
Silya had Liv pull up a table and she carefully placed the wrapped item on it. Then, she unfolded the cloth and revealed its contents: a large, multi-faceted, oval Jewel.
“Behold the Aesira Jewel,” Silya said formally. “Bishop Peter gave it to me.”
Everyone came to have a look. 
“The three-hundred and sixty faceted yellow diamond was created in Alvheim by Iluxia,” Silya said. “Iluxia took one forty facet yellow diamond from each of the nine realms and soldered the nine separate pieces into one.”
When Ailia came up to see it, she saw that the Aesira Jewel rested in a gold filigree sunbeam setting and was held in place by seven gold pave-set prongs.
“You have Aesira blood running through your veins, so now the Aesira Jewel is yours,” Silya said to Ailia.
“Now, we need to find the Aesira Scrolls, so I’ll know how to use it,” Ailia said. 
“Or Iluxia. He’ll know too,” Otto said.
“Yes, but we will have to go to him, because I have not seen him since the eternal winter started. He may not be able to enter Midgard because of it,” Soren said.
“That makes things difficult,” Ailia said.
Soren nodded. “But first things first. We need to focus on finding the scrolls and then—” he took Ailia’s hand in his. “Ailia and I have something we’d like to speak to all of you about.” 
All ears perked in the room. 
“Yes?” Erlend Senior said. Guri poured him some more wine.
“I am sure you all know by now that Ailia and I are forming an alliance to fight in Ragnarok, to take the throne back from Eiess and destroy her,” Soren said.
Everyone nodded.
“We both had serious doubts whether or not to ask you what we are about to ask you,” Soren said. “Because we worried that your lives would be a risk.”
Ailia steadied her trembling breath. 
“We both agreed that you, our beloved family, are the best choice to fight at the forefront alongside us.” Soren looked at Ailia.
“There would be no greater honor than to fight and defeat Eiess, with you on our side, at the final battle of Ragnarok,” Ailia said.
Erlend Senior spoke up immediately. “What, are you completely senseless?  Who do you think we are, exactly?”
Ailia’s heart leapt into her throat. “Well, you see—if—” 
“Shut up and listen you two,” Erlend Senior said, wagging his old, crooked finger at them. A vacuous emptiness of words and breaths held the previously merry room hostage. No one moved. Not even the youths.
Erlend Senior leaned forward, his glare fixated in Soren’s. “We will not support you in the final battle,” he paused. “—only. We will support you in every battle from today and until the final battle! We are in!” He lifted his goblet of wine, splashing some of it onto the oak floor. 
Ailia exhaled in relief.
“Hip, hip!” Otto said.
“Hip, hip!” Alva and Eira chimed in.
“Hip, hip!” Everyone in the room cheered with their goblets held high.
“Then the first step of our plan is underway,” Soren said, squeezing Ailia’s hand.
Ailia felt she could breathe again and hope and plan for the future again and now, she had a much grander reason to succeed in her battle against the Empress.
After repast, the youths competed in who could balance the longest on a vertical plank. Erlend Junior looked like he would win.
Soren approached Ailia. “Would you like to take a walk with me?”
“I would like that very much,” Ailia said, still not having had any private time with him. They put on their overcoats and told the family they would be heading out for a walk. 
Large, but few, snowflakes sailed from the partly cloudy heavens as they stepped outside. Quietness had fallen over the sleeping Trollsoe like a reverent prayer, as if the gods had granted Ailia and Soren this rare moment of peace.
“I used to think everything was written in the stars,” Ailia said, looking up at the shimmering lights that peeked out in between the clouds. 
“And now?” Soren asked.
“Now, I realize all things are written on my heart.” Ailia grabbed his arm and leaned her head onto his shoulder.
“Even me?”
“Especially you,” Ailia said. “Always you.”
Soren took both of Ailia’s mitten-covered hands in his and walked backwards, pulling her along. “I have something I would like you to read,” he said, pulling out an old, yellowed scroll and handed it to Ailia. 
“What is this?” Ailia asked.
“Just read it,” Soren said. 
Ailia carefully unrolled the fragile scroll, afraid she might damage it. The words on the letter were blurred and streaked as if drops of water had bled the ink. She read,

My dearest Spiritus Amor Soren,

Ailia looked up.
Soren’s eyes urged her to continue and Ailia continued.

Eiess’s longship arrived at the docks today and I have decided to surrender, so that many lives will be spared, including yours and Freydis’s. I suspect Eiess will drown me at sea, since she knows that it is only by that method that I can die. She is still as deceitful as she was when she broke our covenant in Alvheim and descended into mortality in Midgard, violating the deified barrier between mortals and divine beings.

Ailia breathed. “I wrote this.”
Soren nodded and Ailia continued reading.

We should have prepared much better in this, my second life, to conquer her. But how could we have known that she had grown so much stronger than before? You must not blame yourself—promise me you will not. This is not the end, Soren, but the beginning of Ragnarok, which will give us our freedom to love each other forever. This is not the time to mourn our apartness but to plan for the greatest event in our lives. You must continue to plan for my return and gather as many allies as you can. Try to find Eiess’s weakness, so we can use it against her when we need to. I will be back and though I will remember nothing of who I am or of our previous lives when I am reborn, I know that you will help me remember.
Please take care of Freydis. She is so beautiful and I cannot mourn enough that I will not be able to raise her. One day, her children and our descendants may support us and help us in the final battle of Ragnarok.

Ailia started crying. When I wrote this, I was with our daughter. 
Soren stepped behind her, kissed her on the cheek and cradled her in his arms as she continued to read the letter. 

Know that I am always with you, thinking of you wherever I am and waiting to be reunited with you, my Spirit love. Remember what Iluxia said in Alvheim before we clothed ourselves with mortality: our hearts will speak the truth to our souls—that is how we will find each other and remember who we are to each other and to the world. Our love for each other will guide us back and help us overcome the destroyer of all freedom, happiness and light.
My greatest fear, my love, is not to be tortured or to even suffer death again, but rather that I might not be able to fulfill my destiny in life with you by my side. I do not know when I will return, or when you will find me again, but know that I will be waiting for you to awaken my soul with your voice and your loving touch.
The word ‘love’ does not encompass enough of what I feel for you, for it is so much more than mere love that we share. I am in you and you are in me. We are the creation of two spirits sealed together as one, created for each other for the eternities. When our souls join, they burn with more fervor than the Sun, they move more than the strongest of winds and give life, like the fountain of eternal living waters. Together, we will fight the battles of Ragnarok and together, we will triumph. 
I will be waiting for you, Soren, so wait for me and keep your eyes and your heart open for the day when I will return to you. And remember, at the end of all things, it will not be hope that will keep us going, it will only be each other.

All my love and life, Lucia

“We must plan for our new lives now,” Soren said, coming around to face Ailia.
“Yes.” Ailia could barely see through her veil of tears. She tried to imagine how difficult it must have been for Soren to wait for her all these years.
Soren drew Ailia in close. They gazed into each other’s eyes, both smiling, their noses almost touching. He caressed her cheek first and then he traced the edges of her lips with his fingers. Ailia could see in his magnificently blue eyes how much he needed her and though she had imagined this moment countless times before, she had never anticipated how blissful a state his touch would send her. 
Soren started showering Ailia’s neck and face with kisses and she closed her eyes, tilted her head back and let out a sigh. Her spirit merged with his, exalting her into a higher state; yet, she had never felt more true to herself.
Then, finally, he kissed her as he reached behind her head and gently pressed her lips to his. Their faces so near, so sensitive to the touch, sweeping against each other, as their cold noses brushed with each wet kiss. Their breaths mingled warm and close in the chill winter air, together as one. Ailia got lost in her senses, feeling only love coming from him and her loving him back. 
He is mine and I am his. The kiss grew stronger and more passionate and Ailia’s desire for her Sentinor had never been deeper. She could feel in his kiss that he had been waiting for this moment too, and that he wanted and needed her in every possible way. She wondered if it had been this wonderful during her first two lifetimes, if he had been able to arouse her body to this level of absolute need to have the flames quenched. His arms moved across her back, pulling her closer to him—so close, she could feel his heart beating. Ailia reached behind his head now and locked her arms behind his neck. She tasted his sweet lips, but she couldn’t get enough and wanted to be even closer to him still. Her heart dropped a little when she felt him starting to pull away.
Still embracing her body, he looked into her eyes. “I have something else I would like to show you,” he said. 
“What?” Ailia replied, her chest still pounding, her body still yearning so much for his. She didn’t want to be anywhere other than in his arms, kissing him, holding him, making love to him.
“Come with me.” He took her hand and started down the road. 
Next to Sorenhall was an empty lot. In the middle of the snow-blanketed field, Ailia could see timber and the unfinished construction of a longhouse. 
They waded through the snow and finally at the construction site, Soren said, “Our new home.” He guided Ailia in between the sawdust and logs. “I started building it right before I met you. Something told me that I needed to prepare for us again.” He got down on his knees, pulled back his hood and looked up at Ailia. “For three-quarters of a century now, I have been waiting for you and awaiting the day when we could begin our lives anew. The loss of your life has been the hardest thing I have had to endure, but now, having you stand here in front of me, I realize that the pain has all been worth it, just so I can see you and marry you again. Will you, Ailia?  Will you marry me?”
Ailia fell to her knees and kissed him over and over again, tears streaming from her eyes. “Yes, Soren, yes,” she said. “I have always known there was only one person for me, a special someone waiting for me and now, I have finally found you again. I’m already yours, forever.”
Just as she had said the last words, the earth below them started to quake. A worried look flashed across Soren’s face and he quickly lifted Ailia to her feet. “Back to Sorenhall,” he said. By the time they had arrived back home, the quaking had ceased.
“Did you feel the earth move?” Otto asked them when they entered.
“Yes,” Soren said. “It must have been a small earthquake.”
“No,” Erlend Senior bellowed from his rocking chair, his eyes clear as the sun. “Eiess knows you have found each other. She has just sent legions of Surtorians out after you.”
“Erlend Senior can sometimes see events as they unfold, even if they are far away,” Soren said to Ailia.
“How many is in a legion?” Ailia asked.
Soren looked at her. He looked worried. “Six thousand.”
Ailia shrunk. “And how many—legions—?”
“Six,” Erlend Senior said, the whites of his eyes white from the vision.
“Six? That means there will be—” Ailia did the math in her head. “Thirty-six thousand Surtorians.” The only reference she had to these Surtorians was from her mare dreams and that one incident by the Bergendal Stave Church and brushing shoulders with only a few of them had nearly shaken her to pieces.
“We should head for Floraland,” Soren said.
“No!” Erlend Senior approached Ailia and Soren. “You must go to the place where Eiess does not want to go. You need to go south, where the sun shines almost all day and all night,” he said.
Soren nodded and looked at Ailia. “Mumtaz will be delighted to have us.”



Epilogue

Brandersgaard

Unni flopped down by the lit hearth, her body aching and her spirit down. Brander, Sigrid and her had worked on repairing their farm for the last week and the endless piles of rubble blanketing the interior of their longhouse had finally seemed to decrease. The hole in the roof would take major repair and it didn’t look like they would receive help from any neighbors, as the other longhouses were in just as bad of a condition, or worse than Unni’s and Brander’s. 
The night of the raid, the flames had swallowed up most of their wooden benches and any other valuables had been plundered. Fortunately, it had snowed heavily the night the Vikings had invaded Bergendal and the fire on the roof had dwindled on its own.
Brander walked in with soot all over his troubled face. “The last measly chicken just died,” he said, holding the dead fowl up by its legs. “Damn Vikings. And where is Soren and Ivar in all of this?” He sat down on the floor and crossed his legs.
“I don’t know, Brander. They’re probably looking for Ailia,” Unni said. Always so grumpy.
It seemed like half of Bergendal had disappeared with the Vikings. Brander and Unni’s neighboring farm had burned to the ground and they considered themselves lucky to have only major repairs. 
“Has anyone located the Bishop yet?” Unni asked. Strange how he disappeared.
“No, he vanished with the rest of the captives. Rumor has it that they were all transported to Trollsoe immediately to be sold as thralls. He probably joined in that group of unfortunate souls.” Brander wiped his sweaty forehead with his forearm.
“I wanted to go and visit the church today and help with the clean up. It was a miracle the whole church didn’t burn down.” Unni stood up. She took off her apron and reached for her overcoat. “Are you coming with me?” she asked.
“You’re leaving our house to go help someone else?” Brander sounded upset.
“Precisely. Do you have a problem with that?” Unni asked.
Brander grumbled. “I think I’ll stay here and keep working on the roof. As long as the hole is still there, any warm air is going to escape and we are going to freeze.”
Just then, Sigrid limped in. “I’ll help you, Brander. You go, Unni. The church needs it. Besides, maybe there’ll be some clues there that will help you find Ailia.”
“Good, I’ll be back before dark,” Unni said and shut the door behind her. She took a shortcut through the woods and soon came to the stave church. 
A stranger exited the church and greeted Unni on the front steps. “Good day, my sister in Christ,” he said and bowed. “My name is Draper. How may I be of service?”
“Good day. I’m Unni. Nice to meet you. Are you new to the area?  I cannot remember seeing you before,” she said. “Either way, I have come to be of service and I’d like to help clean up, if that’s all right with you.”
“I am new indeed—a few weeks now, as a matter of fact. Any help would be greatly appreciated.” Draper took her by the arm and led her inside. He smiled broadly, watching Unni closely as he spoke. “Are you Ailia’s aunt?”
 “Yes,” Unni said, not wanting to volunteer more information than needed. Strange that he knows. Unni noticed that Draper dressed differently than the other Deacons. He wore a black tunic linen alb, with a purple cloth over his left shoulder. A golden Thor’s hammer was embroidered on the bottom of the purple shawl. His head was shaved in the center like a circle. She didn’t like his flashy outfit.
 “Ah, the Great One,” Draper said, his voice high-pitched and unusually feminine-sounding. 
Unni stopped walking. “What do you know about the Great One?”
“Oh, nothing. I am only a servant of the Lord, my lady,” Draper said, dodging the question and bowing his head humbly.
Unni didn’t feel comfortable around Draper like she did around Bishop Peter.
“The outside of the church is barely touched, but so many things were destroyed inside,” Draper went on.
“Oh, I see,” Unni said, walking through the chapel. More things had vanished than she had initially noticed. She saw that some of the stained-glass windows were broken and the floor was covered in rubble and broken candles. All of the silver had vanished and the statues were either decapitated or were missing. How could they do such a thing to the Lord’s house?
“We don’t have many things left, but we are trying to find the will of the Lord when it comes to finding a new leader to guide the church here in Bergendal. Unfortunately, Bishop Peter has vanished and with him, the Aesira Jewel he found the night the Vikings attacked.” Draper folded his arms across his thick chest.
Unni wondered if Draper had anything to do with Bishop Peter’s disappearance. “I didn’t realize they had found the Aesira Jewel,” she said surprised. “How did you find out?”
“I was here the very night the Vikings struck. Bishop Peter brought the Aesira Jewel back into our living area and showed us,” Draper said. “My, oh my, how it sparkled—Just like the sun! I will have you start cleaning the rotunda floor first,” he said, pointing her to the back. 
 “That would be great,” Unni said, taking off her overcoat and folding it over one of the benches. I’ll warm up once I get scrubbing. She studied the paintings on the ceiling and walls while she waited for Draper to bring her some cleaning supplies. 
Draper quickly returned and set the water-filled wooden bucket on the floor. “These were the only rags I could find. They will have to do. I will be in the back if you need anything. Oh and here is the soap.” He handed it to her.
“Thank you,” Unni said, wetting the cloth and brushing it across the soap. She started in the corner and scrubbed until the floor was squeaky-clean. As she moved toward the exit, the cloth got stuck on a splinter in the floor and ripped. That’s strange, she thought and tried to even the surface out by pressing on it. As she pressed harder on the angular edge, the other side of the triangle lifted up. Unni wedged her nails between the dark wood and the light wood and pulled. The wood lifted out of its form but plopped down again when she lost hold of the edge. Her middle fingernail broke off and she let out a small yelp. “Ow—” she said, sucking on her bleeding fingernail.
“Is everything all right?” Draper came out to check on her. “I thought I heard you say something.”
“Everything is fine,” Unni said and smiled innocently. “Just a splinter. I’ll be fine.”
Draper set his torch on the wall. “To help you see better,” he said and then disappeared into the back room again.
“Thank you,” Unni called after him. I hardly noticed it had gotten darker. Unni lifted the heavy wood triangle out of its casing again and pulled as hard as she could. Underneath, she saw a bronze chest. She looked around to see if anyone was watching her. I’m alone. She lifted the triangle wood insert up all the way, set it aside and pulled the chest out. It was unlocked and she opened it. Inside were numerous scrolls sealed with the Bergendal-crest.
“What?” Draper said, peeking around the corner again. When he saw what she was holding, he smiled deviously. “Give it to me!” he snapped. “It belongs to the church!”
“No, these were meant for Ailia,” Unni said, closing the chest and then tightening her grip around it. “She needs these. Her mother wrote them for her.”
“Are you trying to steal from the Lord?” Draper asked.
Unni thought she saw his eyes darken. “I most certainly am not, but Ailia is the princess and rightfully, this church belongs to her and that includes everything in it!”
“As far as I am concerned, this church belongs to Lucia, the rightful heir to the throne, the first-born and only heir. Ailia has no claim to the throne and there is absolutely no proof that she is who she pretends to be.” Draper methodically moved closer to Unni.
“Why, did Lucia set you up to this?” Unni asked. “Where is she anyway?”
“She has returned home, of course. Give the Aesira Scrolls to me now,” Draper said, holding his hand out.
This is going nowhere. Unni’s overcoat was too far away to grab. She strengthened her grip around the chest and bolted toward the door.
Draper immediately followed her and was about to overcome her, but Unni turned around and whacked him in the head with the chest instead. He fell hard to the floor and Unni kept running as fast as she could out of the church and toward Brandersgaard. Brander is there. He’ll help me—if I make it. It was colder than Unni had anticipated and she really regretted not having her overcoat. She looked back, but she couldn’t see Draper anymore. Good, I have lost him. She kept her pace steady. Then, in front of her, came two lynxes. They hunched down as if they were planning to attack. Unni slowed her pace. I’ll try and scare them away. They cannot be too fierce.
“Beautiful creatures, are they not?” Draper said, easing up behind her. His forehead was cut and blood oozed down his pasty troll-looking face. “They are always eager to attack at my command, especially when raw, human flesh is involved.” 
Unni turned around to face him. “This chest belongs to Ailia.”
“Oh, the lies you tell, woman,” Draper said. “This is not a negotiation, now give me the chest!”
Unni didn’t want to give up that easily. She sprinted in the direction of the fence bordering the field, climbed over it and ran as fast as she could through the knee-high snow. “Brander!” she yelled, knowing it was futile. He wouldn’t be able to hear her at this distance. She ran and ran until her lungs burned and her eyes watered. Nothing will rob my daughter of her victory and I will not be the first failure in this war! Then, she remembered the dagger Brander had given her the day after the Vikings had attacked. “I want you to keep this on your personage always,” he had said. Unni would normally have objected, but not now, not after all the slaughter she had seen of her people. 
She lifted her skirt up and pulled the dagger from its casing. As a lynx pounced on her, she plunged the dagger into his heart, sending him to his death without delay. The other lynx attacked from behind and clawed her across the forehead, leaving four deep slashes. Blood started dripping into Unni’s eyes, but it didn’t stop her from turning around and slicing the cat’s throat. 
Draper came after her now and she forced herself to keep running. Don’t think about the pain. Think about Ailia. She ran into an abandoned barn and hid as best she could in a back room. Shadows, hide my body, she prayed. She tried to calm her frantic breath, afraid the gasping sound would reveal her location to the assassin pursuing her. She found a pushed over cabinet in the corner and hid behind it. He’ll find me, he’ll find me— She heard footsteps coming closer and closer. Cringing and holding onto the chest for dear life, she closed her eyes. Lord Jesus, keep me safe.
“Unni?” she heard her husband’s voice. She stood up and let out a cry. “How did you know I was here? I’ve never been happier to see you. Where is Draper?”
“Who?”
“The new Bishop or Deacon or whatever he is from the church. He was running after me, chasing me with his lynxes, trying to steal the Aesira Scrolls. I found this chest and they contain them!” Unni showed him the chest.
“You found them!” Brander said, holding his torch up. His jovial face brightened.
“Let’s go home before someone finds us,” Unni said. “How did you know to come looking for me?”
“Well, I didn’t. The neighbors came over and said they had seen the huldras coming from the castle. We need to get inside now. The Huldras are on the roam, looking for their next victims.”
“So, it’s true. They exist.” She paused, feeling guilty. “I’m sorry I doubted you. What if they come into our home?” Unni said.
“The neighbor said to kill a newborn deer and smear the blood of it on the doorframe of our house. That way, they cannot enter.” Brander looked at her forehead. “You’re hurt.”
“Never mind that. I’ll live.” She smacked his arm away. “Where would we get the deer from?”
“The neighbor had some leftover from his door,” Brander said.
“Oh, thank Heavens.” One less thing to worry about.
The first thing they did when they got home was to coat their doorframes with the fresh blood of the newborn deer. Then, Brander helped dress Unni’s wounds. “It looks like these wounds are deep. We’ll need to find a healer in the morning after the huldras have passed,” Brander said.
Unni had no patience to sit around. “I’m hiding the chest in the floor,” she yelled, running into the back room. “No one will ever find it here. Now, we just need to find Ailia again.”
Cries of Bergendalers with unpainted doorframes haunted Unni and Brander through the night as huldras feasted on mortals’ bodies and lured their souls out with their death-songs.








Coming December 31, 2013

Available only on http://www.amazon.com/

