Channeled Contact
Episode One
By
Skye Ronan

***
Copyright © 2013 by Skye Ronan
Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 9781311056566

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Join Skye Ronan’s mailing list for updates on new releases at Skyeronan.com

Channeled Contact Series
Episode One
Episode Two


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six

Prologue

Laurence Dewitt kicked his soccer ball at the side a corn silo, sending it bouncing back to land at his feet. There wasn’t much to do on the farm at dusk, especially when his stupid little brother hogged the Atari all day. A light bulb flickered over the barn door, illuminating the back yard. Black clouds hung in the sky. It felt like rain. 
Mosquitoes buzzed around like hungry vampires. Laurence slapped at his arm, squashing a bloodsucker. In the distance, he heard a thunderclap, and his father’s voice calling through the humid air. 
“Come here, Laurence, we’re getting a transmission!”
Laurence jogged to the entrance of the tool shed, dropping his ball as he went inside. His dad was bent over the HAM radio that sat among the gadgets and electronics he took apart and put back together. He scribbled furiously on a grease-smudged legal pad as the radio transmitted the dits and dahs of a strange form of Morse code. 
“Keep it tuned in,” his dad said, not looking up, “I keep losing them.”
Laurence pinched the tuning knob, keeping the transmission from flickering away. He couldn’t make out the code; it was moving too fast, and he hadn’t learned to translate like his father yet. He strained to keep the signal. His dad’s eyes were wide. His face looked like someone who had just gotten everything he wanted for Christmas while being chased by an angry dog. 
His father had been getting these messages for months now. At first, they just came from other people in his HAM radio club— a bunch of weird old guys who read too many books about Roswell and 'who shot Kennedy, and other farmers with stockpiles of guns in the basement in preparation for the Second Coming. Then they got the message for this transmission— from out there...
Laurence wasn’t convinced it was real. If there were beings coming here from outer space, why would they contact his dad and not the President or something? It was probably some hoaxer in his basement having a good laugh at all the gullible hicks he’d tricked. 
Mr. Warner, Laurence’s science teacher, said there was no proof of intelligent life anywhere but Earth. Then he made a joke about how there wasn’t proof of intelligent life on Earth either; that seemed inconclusive to Laurence. 
When Laurence had asked the minister at their church about extra-terrestrials, the minister said, “God only man in His image.” But maybe the aliens weren’t made in God’s image, so that didn’t prove anything either. 
The message continued. His father’s excitement was alarming. Usually he was a quiet guy. A bead of sweat dripped from his brow; he wiped it with the sleeve of his flannel shirt, and continued writing. He muttered, trying to translate as he wrote. The message was scrawled across the page in almost illegible handwriting. 
Laurence’s heart beat faster. He couldn’t help it. Maybe it was real. No one could tell him for sure aliens didn’t exist. The signal faded into static, and his father shouted for him to tune in. Anxiety flashed through his body as he pinched the knob and turned the dial to catch the signal again. There it was, loud and clear. 
The last line of code came over the airwaves. His father silently read what he had written. His mouth hung open as he covered it with his hand. Then he spoke, his voice was hoarse and distant.
“This is Atra, with the Galactic Council of Seven Suns. We come in the energy of the light and love of the One. Time is running out for us to hold this dimension, the star gate is closing. Your leaders refuse our terms of contact. Know that the Galactic Council of Seven Suns offers knowledge of advanced technologies and the path to spiritual evolution.”
“We do not support those entities who would use Earth humans for slaves or who would trade technologies for use in human war. We move along the wheel toward the conclusion of the galactic cycle. You must be prepared. Live in the light and love of the One. This is the path to the future.”
“We will make visible contact this night, August 26, Earth year 1985, longitude and latitude coordinates 39.7517° N, 88.9442° W.”
Strange message. The hoaxer was really convincing. His father’s eyes looked like they might pop out of his head. Then he grabbed an atlas from a dusty filing cabinet, flipping through the pages. His face was wild and haunted under the dim bulb that swung from the ceiling. 
Laurence wanted to tell him to calm down, that it was all a big joke, and not to take it so seriously, but his father grabbed his hand and stared at him. 
“Look,” his father said, almost screaming, “Those coordinates are our farm!”
Laurence’s heart leapt. How did the hoaxer know? It was an open signal, and everyone in the HAM radio club was listening to this transmission. Was it all a big joke on his dad? How embarrassing could you get! Laurence’s face went red. His father pulled him outside by the hem of his Thriller T-shirt. Michael Jackson’s face stretched under his father’s grasp.  
He pulled Laurence into the yard and stared up at the sky, the Atlas still in his hand. 
“Go fetch the binoculars!” His father yelled. 
Laurence didn’t want his mother to know what was happening. She didn’t approve of his father’s hobby. Being a devout Christian, she believed it was all the devil’s business. But the sound of his father’s voice left no room for negotiation. 
Laurence jogged to the house, and he peered through the window into the mudroom. He could see the flicker of the TV around the corner. No one was in the living room. That meant the Atari was free! Dang it. He opened the door slowly, willing it not to creek. He got inside and his dog Bo ran up to him and nearly pushed him over. The dog shook all over like it was the 4th of July, and the neighbors were shooting off fireworks. Laurence petted Bo. 
“What’s the matter boy?”
“Larry, is that you?” his mother called from the kitchen.
“Yes, Mamma.”
“Tell your father, supper is on the table and hurry up inside. 
“Yes, Mamma.”
He grabbed the binoculars from the hook and ran outside. Bo followed whining and shaking. Laurence jogged up to his dad; the man’s face tilted up to the sky. 
“Momma says come inside, supper’s ready. I think she made fried chicken.” He was done with this game for tonight. He wanted to eat his mother’s chicken and briskets and get at the Atari before his brother snagged it again. 
“Hold on… They’s comin’ any minute now.”
Laurence waited. Crickets chirped. 
He stared up at the sky. It had cleared up. He’d thought it would rain. Bo howled and scurried into the barn, his backside tucked up under him like he’d been kicked. His father gasped and Laurence spun around to look in the same direction as his dad. 
There in the sky, a black shape hung low over the farm, silent as a dead TV screen. A white light pulsated at the center of the void. Laurence fell down on his butt in the grass. The crickets went still. 



Chapter One

Dr. Mercedes Teller rubbed a greasy fingerprint from the stainless steel casing of her prized device with the cuff of her lab coat and pushed her glasses back up the bridge of her nose. Edwin looked up from his note cards.
“Stop nervous cleaning, Mercedes,” he said, beaming a smile at her. 
“I’m still not sure about this,” she croaked, “We’ll be laughed off the stage.” 
“No matter what the skeptics think, the device works. We have the data to back it up and the device in hand.” Edwin was clearly more confident than she was about the matter. 
Mercedes brushed a stray lock of thick brown hair behind her ear and willed her heart rate to slow down. She breathed deliberately until she was sure she wouldn’t faint as soon as they took the stage. Edwin peeked around the corner briefly and looked back at her. 
“You aren’t going to like this,” he said.
“What?”
“Stansky is in the front row.”
Mercedes threw her arms in the air and stalked away toward their lab. 
“Come back!” Edwin whisper screamed, “We can’t give up now. We’ve just spent ten years working on this, and there’s a room full of investors sitting out there waiting to give us money!”
Mercedes spun. Her eyes were red. She grimaced at Edwin, her partner and husband. They had been working on Zero Point Energy Theory every spare minute for the majority of their relationship. It wasn’t just an invention; it was who they were as scientists, as people, and as a couple. She couldn’t back down now. 
“Fine,” she said, waving her hand and walking past him toward the device, “Let’s do this.”
Edwin pushed the rolling cart from behind, and she pulled it from the front as they wheeled slowly into the lecture area. The round steel casing of the core glinted in the florescent lights of the small presentation room. A delegation of business people and fellow scientists inhabited the folding chairs. Mercedes looked out on the crowd. Faces stared back at her, expecting her to speak. Her legs felt weak, and she could hear Edwin clearing his throat. 
“What is...,” she hesitated, seeing Stansky’s pinched face. The nuclear physicist was the person she feared most. His lab sat kitty-corner to hers and Edwin’s. She knew he expected to be at CERN by the end of his contract. His brilliance was equal only to his arrogance. 
Mercedes continued: “What is the stuff of the Universe? The ancients knew it as Ether, the mysterious fifth element. However, as physics matured, the Ether was relegated to the realms of mythology. We grew to believe that the vast vacuum of space was empty. However, recent advances have shown that the vacuum is anything but empty. For example, liquid helium does not freeze at absolute zero. Why doesn’t it freeze? Because there is energy there that keeps the atoms from freezing. That energy is the quantum zero point field.”
“Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, I’m Dr. Mercedes Teller, PhD of Physics. This is my partner, Dr. Edwin Laney, PhD of electrical engineering.” 
Mercedes stopped to catch her breath and take in the faces of the small crowd in front of her. Most of the business people stared blankly at the science speak. All they knew was dollar signs. A few of her colleagues rolled their eyes. 
The device was somewhat covert, and few people know of their research. She and Edwin worked on it in their spare time with their own money and shreds of private and institutional funding that kept it legitimate. 
She cleared her throat and continued, “We have harnessed the energy of the vacuum using an almost century old principle known as the Casimir effect.”
She could hear Stansky cough loudly from the front row. If she looked at him, she would lose her nerve and run off the stage to the safety of her lab. She stood silently, her heart racing, staring blankly at the back wall. Luckily, Edwin jumped in. His boisterous voice carried through the small room. 
“Using two metal plates, separated mere nanometers, we were able to create a vacuum where the ground state occurs. The vacuum is created by the exclusion particles forcing themselves against the plates. We were then able to use the ground state to power a simple battery. Thus, the device is self-propelling.” Edwin was about to continue, but Stansky cut him off.
“Do you expect us to believe you’ve created a perpetual motion machine that defies the second law of thermodynamics? You cannot create an over unity device. It is impossible,” Stansky sneered, his puffy, pale face contorting in disgust, “Teller, Laney, I never took you for charlatan, quacks.”
“You misunderstand,” Edwin said, his voice mocking, “This system is not over unity. The Zero Point Field powers the device.”
“I won’t stand here and watch you divert funding from legitimate research,” Stansky said, rising, “Good day.” He stormed out of the room and slammed the door behind him. 
Mercedes steadied herself on the edge of a table, her vision blurring. Damn her nerves. Edwin paused only shortly before he turned on the charm, moving to the device to turn it on. He continued to explain how it worked to the rest of the men and woman in the room. Mercedes tried to moisten her dry mouth and blink away the glaze from her eyes. Thank goodness for Edwin. Social situations had never been her strong suit. 
“Now I will remove the power supply,” Edwin said. He yanked a power cord from the side of the machine and it continued its low vibrating hum.
“Regardless of what skeptics what to believe, it is possible to harness the zero point field. The field provides an infinite source of free energy. As Nikola Tesla said, ‘Throughout space there is energy. It is a mere question of time when men (and women).” He winked at Mercedes, “will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of nature.’ Now, Ladies and Gentlemen, is that time.”
Mercedes perked up. “That concludes our presentation for today. We will answer questions for the next thirty minutes.”
 She wished she could cut out the Q&A and get away from the staring faces. Luckily, Edwin was able to answer most of the questions with just a few nods from her. 
The crowd was mostly concerned with commercial application. If not for her stage fright, she would have expounded upon the potential for revolutionary energy delivery, the elimination of poverty, and the possibility to change the world. Instead, she stood and listened to Edwin’s goofy analogies about swimming pools and movie stars. 
As the questions dried up, the room cleared and Mercedes shoulders relaxed. She smiled weakly at Edwin. It had gone a little better than she expected. Stansky hadn’t brought any cream pies. A middle-aged man in a brown suit approached them as the rest of the audience filed out the front door. 
“Dr. Teller, Dr. Laney my name is Daniel Raymond, I’m a partner at SCO Corporation, and I’ve been talking with my partner about investing in scientific research. I have to say, I am certainly impressed with your work. I also like your ideas for commercial application, young man. It could make some people very rich.”
“It is our life’s work to relieve the energy crisis,” said Mercedes, eyeing the man suspiciously. 
“Yes, yes. It is an altruistic endeavor. Should definitely get you into heaven,” he said, laughing, “I’d like to talk with you more about investing in your research. I’m going to have my science guy come by your lab later and ask you a bunch of questions if that’s OK?” The man’s face looked positively cannibalistic, but Mercedes couldn’t look a gift horse in the salivating mouth. Their current funding would not streamline the process or get the devices out to the people of the world. 
“Absolutely, just give my intern a call, and we can set up a private appointment. Our contact information is on the support flier you received at the beginning of the presentation,” said Mercedes. He handed them a card and shook their hands before following the rest of the crowd out the door. Mercedes could finally breathe. 
Edwin patted her back and pulled her into a warm embrace. He was much better at this sort of thing. He could charm almost anyone and had the engineering ability to build her theoretical models. It was a perfect paring. She just wished she didn’t feel like fainting every time she was presented with a challenging situation. 
“We did it,” he said gently, caressing her hair. She relaxed into his strong arms and let him hold her there. It felt good to be loved and taken care of this way. Edwin was tall and muscular with tousled of light-brown curly hair that made him look more like a rugby player than a PhD scientist. 
She would have never expected to find a man like him when she was a gawky teenager with braces and pimples. Mercedes was all elbows and thick glasses, and her IQ was much more impressive than her swimsuit measurements. She hadn’t even had a boyfriend until graduate school. Then Edwin came along and made her feel like the most desirable woman who ever existed. 
She returned his embrace, squeezing him just enough to show him how much she appreciated him. They were so close to their goal. Maybe this Mr. Raymond character would come through with research funding and they would have a big shiny lab where they could build and invent and dream for the rest of their lives together.  
The door to the presentation room creaked open and Edwin let her go. Mercedes looked up from Edwin’s embrace at a man walking toward them who looked exactly like Agent Smith from The Matrix. His black suit was sharp as a tack and he wore sunglasses even indoors. His twin stood at the front door, watching. Mercedes stiffened, half expecting a Men in Black device to come out of his suit jacket to zap their memory. 
“Can I help you?” said Edwin.
“I’m with the Department of Homeland Security,” he said flashing a badge, “We need to confiscate your device and all research related to this device.”
“Is this some kind of joke? Did Stansky put you up to this?”
“I assure you, sir, this is no joke. Your device is a threat to national security.”
“How is this a threat to national security? It’s a harmless generator.”
“You will hand over your research and all prototypes. This is not a request. This is an order.”
Mercedes stood there shaking. This was her worst nightmare. She had heard rumors of this kind of thing: patents suppressed, scientists threatened into submission. But she believed it was a myth. Of course, many people still believed free energy was a myth. 
“You’re going to have to do better than that. You think we’re going to hand over years of work to some guy who claims to be with the DHS? Come back with a warrant. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have an appointment with a ham sandwich.”
 Edwin yanked the handle of the cart that held the device and pulled it through the back doors of the presentation room. Mercedes grabbed the other handle and helped him push their device through the campus to their small lab in the applied technology wing of MIT. They had a room that was roughly half the size of their living room at home. The university paid them just enough to eat and pay off the student loans accumulated from the two decades of higher education between them. 
They removed their lab coats and Mercedes grabbed her purse and laptop backpack before they left. 
“Do you think that was for real?” Mercedes asked as she locked the lab on the way out. Her stomach churned. Neither of them had eaten breakfast. 
“I don’t know. I guess it could be. But I think it’s Stansky’s idea of a sick joke.”
They walked across campus to the cafeteria, mingling with students. Edwin took a ham sandwich from the stack of pre-made sandwiches. The food was usually barely above edible here. Since they were barely above students, income wise, they had to make it work. Mercedes grabbed a slice of pepperoni pizza and a bottle of water and placed it on her tray. They paid and sat at a table, surrounded by the din of undergrads discussing finals and summer vacation. 
She twisted open her water bottle and took a swig. The nerves of the morning slowly slid away as she watched Edwin devour his sandwich. Just as she was about to take a bite of her greasy pizza she heard a massive boom. They both shot to their feet as the ground below them shook. The explosion came from the direction of their lab. They took one look at each other before they bolted out the door. 
The laptop weighed heavily on her back as she ran, and her purse flopped against her thigh. By the time they made it to the burning building, her chest heaved. 
Smoke filled her nostrils as she bent over her knees trying to catch her breath. An alarm wailed and the campus emergency response team was already on the scene. Edwin ran toward the building leaving Mercedes panting on the sidewalk. 
“Wait!” she yelled, running after him. He skirted around the campus security and burst through the front door of the building. Mercedes followed, toxic smoke stinging her eyes. The fumes that filled the hall smelled of strangely of roasted almonds. She covered her nose and mouth trying not to breath, standing near the ventilation from the front door. Edwin reached their lab. The glass window on the door was shattered and smoke billowed out over him. 
“Edwin. No!” 
He had his key out and tried push it into the hot doorknob. 
“I have to get the schematics!”
“It’s too dangerous. I have my computer. Come on!”
He ran back to her, and they sprinted out the front door just before another explosion sent a flaming cloud down the hallway. 
Firefighters arrived as Mercedes and Edwin ducked through the crowd in the chaos, undetected. Edwin grabbed Mercedes’ hand and pulled her to their parked car. They jumped inside and tore out of the parking lot. Mercedes didn’t have a coherent thought until they rounded the corner onto their street and parked in the driveway. 
None of this could be happening. It couldn’t be real. Edwin slammed the car door and stomped to the house. Mercedes followed on his heels, half expecting their house to explode as soon as he opened the front door. 
It didn’t explode. The dark little one bedroom row house was as perfectly tidy as she had left it. Edwin marched into the living room and poured himself a shot of vodka, threw it back and poured another, staring at it as the first shot moved down his throat. Mercedes walked slowly up to the kitchen counter and took the second shot from his hands. She lifted it to her lips and threw it back in one gulp. It stung as it trickled into her stomach. She let the backpack slide onto the floor as she flopped into a chair at the kitchen table. 
All of their work was gone. The equations she had calculated for the plates alone had taken over a year. It too was gone. All that was left on her computer was a rough schematic and a few notes. The rest was on paper and on the desktop back at the lab. 
“I’m starving,” said Edwin. He threw a pizza in the microwave and stared at it as it rotated under the buzzing microwave light. 
How could he eat at a time like this? Mercedes’ face collapsed into her hands and she let her emotions flood out in a wave of wild sobs. Her body shook violently, and Edwin quickly knelt beside her holding her tight. 
“Shhh, oh God. Please don’t cry. God… It’s going to be OK. Tomorrow we’ll go in and find a temporary lab. We’ll build another device and that Mr. Raymond guy will make us rich and famous. Please don’t worry. I hate to see you cry.”
“I never cry,” she sobbed, snot pooling in her nose. She knew she must look even less attractive than usual. Overly expressive signs of emotion were not common for her. She saved them for things like her mother’s death and the destruction of her life’s work.  
“I know, I know,” he said patting her back. At least he could control himself. Damned hormones. She sucked the snot back and wiped her face. Edwin still loved her, everything would be fine. 

The next day, Mercedes opened the heavy door that led into the office of the Dean of Applied Technology. He had called them in to discuss the relocation of their lab and offices until their building was repaired and everything went back to normal. 
She hated talking with the dean of their department. He was an incurable poser who was nearly impossible to respect. Nevertheless, the man was her boss. She had to feign politeness. She sunk into an uncomfortable chair beside Edwin and waited for Dr. Lyle to turn his greasy head toward them. He had a piece of tuna sandwich stuck to his chin. The smell of tuna clung to the air and made her empty stomach convulse. 
“Dr. Laney, Dr. Teller. The tragic events of yesterday have caused a great deal of chaos in our department. Our researchers are sleeping on couches, in other departments. It’s a mess.”
“I know,” said Edwin, “Such a tragedy.”
“What I heard from the fire chief is that the fire started in your lab— some sort of chemical explosion. Frankly, we are lucky no one was injured.”
“An arsonist vandalized our lab. I saw the cracked window myself.” Mercedes couldn’t hide her agitation. 
“It was concluded that your device blew up and caused the fire.”
“Impossible!” Edwin yelled, “There is no way our machine could have caused that explosion. If you ask me, it was some kind of plasticine explosive. I smelled almonds in the hallway. How else do you explain that smell?”
“Smells aside, the professional opinion of the fire inspector was that your device started the fire. Which brings me to my next point. This recent event has caused the University Board to reconsider your contracts. The insurance claims alone are a nightmare. You see, your work is an insurance liability. We are going to have to let you go. You can clear out what is left of your office, but I fear it isn’t much.”
“You can’t do this!” Edwin shouted. 
Mercedes stood to leave. It was the last straw. Numbness moved down her limbs, and she could barely walk. She waited in the doorway until Edwin was finished with the futility of argument. 
“I believe I already have. Here are your walking papers.”
“What ever happened to due process?”
“But this is due process, my friend. We can no longer fund you. Simple as that.”
“Edwin let’s go,” Mercedes said, staring at the opposite wall. 
“Take my advice. You kids should go into the private sector. Have a kid or something. Go lead a happy, quiet life and stay out of the spotlight.”
Edwin was silent. Mercedes furrowed her brow. She turned to grab the papers and Edwin’s arm without looking up at Dr. Lyle. She would not give him the satisfaction of seeing the tears welled in her eyes. She pulled Edwin out of the office and off the campus. There was nothing left for them there. 


Chapter Two

US Air Force Lieutenant, Kurt Davis lay in his hospital bed grimacing through the pain. He had told the nurse to stop giving him medication, thinking it would help him think straight. It didn’t. The daze of the pain was worse than the daze from the drugs. The next time the woman came around, he would ask for another dose of morphine. Under the drugs, he could let himself forget. 
He thought of his wife’s face back when they were still happy. At least, he thought they were happy. Twinkling lights lit a golden halo behind her jet-black hair. He remembered the taste of her lips— like peppermint from candy canes that had almost permanent residence in her mouth during the holidays. 
That beautiful round mouth with those plump glossy lips. Even through the pain of his injuries, his body responded to her memory. That beautiful mouth was the same one that told him she was leaving him. The same mouth spewed stinging bullets into his heart. 
He tried to sit up straight. His left leg was propped up in a sling over the hospital bed. Reaching for the water next to his table, he fumbled, and the water tumbled down to the ground. His body grew hot with anger. He had never felt so useless in his entire life. 
The nurse came into the room. Her ugly white shoes squeaked on the sterile floor. 
“Have a little accident did we?”
The condescending cooing of her voice made him want to punch her. He knew it was the pain making him irrational. Even if he could get in a good swing, in his current state, the portly middle-aged woman could probably take him. 
“Yes,” he said, “I need more water. And… some morphine.”
“I thought so…”
He grimaced at her tone and the fact that he was at her will. She helped him sit up in bed and poured him a cup of cool water with a straw. She had the morphine with her, and handed him two round, white tablets. 
He threw them back, willing their consuming haze to overtake him. He wasn’t crazy. He was not crazy. He’d seen what he’d seen. 
“That’s better,” said the nurse, giving his arm a stroke, “Just need to check your bandages.” She lifted his hospital gown and removed the bandages around his broken, bruised, scraped up ribs. She cleaned the incision scar from his surgery. Every second of it was torture. He could barely breathe. She re-bandaged his wounds and gave him a shot of antibiotics.  
“Do you need to urinate?” she said as she changed his IV bag. 
“No,” he grimaced, settling into the pillow behind him. That, he would do on his own. “Just leave the pan nearby.” 
“Suit yourself…,” she said, finishing her duties and leaving the room. Kurt thought that maybe she got some kind of sadistic pleasure out of helping a grown man take a piss. 
Kurt laid his head back on the pillow and let the morphine do its job. The numbing thrall of the opiate washed through his body, and he relaxed. His mind drifted in the medicated haze, rising and falling like a fever dream. 

Almost three weeks before, on a cold February morning, he rolled out of bed and wiped the sleep from his eyes. Camille’s slender form still slumbered under the flowery comforter she had bought while he was on deployment. He hated that thing, but she loved it. The comforter rose and fell with Camille’s breathing. He wanted to crawl back into the warmth of her body and run his hands over her skin. 
The alarm sounded again, and Camille groaned for him to turn it off. She wouldn’t be up for another hour. Kurt stood and stretched, then dropped to the floor for his morning routine of 100 push-ups and 100 crunches. He pulled on his tennis shoes and sweatshirt and grabbed a glass of water before running out into the chilly Nevada morning. 
At 0600 hours, even the streets of barracks were silent. His feet slapped the frosty pavement in rhythm with his breath. The world was dark and still this time of morning. He loved the way dawn rose slowly over his head as he ran. He loved the feeling of his body working and the freedom of the empty world. He made for the track around the barracks— the five mile loop that he had run every morning since coming home nine months ago. He ran to keep in shape for the yearly fitness tests, but it was also a way to clear his mind from the stress of the transition. 
Life at home was more complicated than active duty at war. There were so many expectations, so many needs. Camille turned thirty-three the year he came off his fifth deployment. There was still no baby, after five years of marriage. He knew she blamed him: blamed him for being gone, blamed him for taking an additional nine-year contract just as his was ending, blamed him for it all. Even after months stationed in Nellis, the monthly failures continued. They hadn’t even tried this since Christmas. She hadn’t even touched him. 
Kurt’s chest sucked in the cold air, and he exhaled a cloudy fog of breath. The morning sun lifted on the horizon as he turned onto the track. Next week was Valentine’s day. He wouldn’t be stupid enough to forget this year. He wasn’t a masochist. He rounded the track, watching the neighborhood wake up from its winter slumber. Long shadows fell across his path from the spiky succulents that lined the track. 
By the time he made it all the way around and back to the house, the sun had broken through into the sharp, blue morning sky. He opened the door to the smell of fresh coffee brewing in the kitchen and the sound of Camille’s hair drier. After taking a long drink of water in the kitchen, he went into the bathroom, squeezed behind Camille, and turned on the shower. He kissed the back of her neck, but she flinched from his sweaty face. Her expression in the mirror was not welcoming. 
Kurt peeled off his clothes to jump in the shower. He could see Camille glance at his chiseled body through the reflection. That glance was enough to excite him. Was it strange that he still wanted his wife so much after five years of marriage? With so much time spent overseas, it was all still new to him. But she was not the same woman he met seven years ago—carefree, fun loving, easy to be with. She’d become bitter. 
He washed his cropped, black hair, hopped out, and dressed in his fatigues. He came out of the bedroom to find Camille already gone. No kiss, not even a goodbye. 
He microwaved a breakfast sandwich from the freezer and poured himself a cup of coffee. His cell phone buzzed, putting him on alert status. It was mission day. He was going to fly. 
Kurt stayed at home until evening, reviewing his emergency procedures and practicing Krav Maga in the corner of the living room. Camille walked through the door at 6pm as dusk settled into gray darkness behind her. She carried a bag of groceries and slung her purse on the hall table. Kurt moved from where he’d been practicing his punches and went to kiss her cheek. She leaned into him, letting the kiss connect, and then walked into the kitchen. 
He watched her body under the tight pencil skirt. The rise of her pumps made her legs look fantastic. He let his gaze move up her body to rest on the swell of her behind that tapered into her slim waist. She put the groceries on the table and turned to look at him as if she could feel his gaze on her body. Her face was tight as she unpacked the groceries. He thought of going to help, but just assumed he would be in the way. So he sat down on the couch and shuffled through his files. 
She made dinner in the kitchen without a word. When she set it on the table, he came to eat and politely asked about her day. Camille worked as a legal secretary at a law office in Las Vegas. She briefly mentioned the procedures of the workday. She would be working longer hours in the coming week. The lawyer she worked for had an increased caseload, and she would need to be there to support him. Kurt stifled his jealousy. At least there would be less tension in the house. 
Kurt stood to clear the table and his cell phone buzzed. Time to leave for the base. He leaned into Camille as she stood over the sink, aiming for her lips, but met her ear as she shifted her head. He stepped back, turned on his heel, threw on a coat, and was out into the night. 
At the base, he met with his flight planning staff in the briefing room for instructions on a flight test of the new F-35 Lightening II. After the briefing, he went to the locker room to change into his flight uniform. He then met his crew out on the tarmac for preflight inspections. 
Steam rose in the crisp air from mechanics’ tools and breath. Preflight exhilaration filled his stomach as Kurt climbed into the cockpit, switching on dials and controls. The sound of the flight tower clicked in his ear. Anticipation for takeoff rose as he finished the preflight checklist with flight control. All systems were clear. His engine roared to life as he moved toward the runway. 
The F-35’s wheels glided over the tarmac as he gained speed and lifted into the air. Operating the military’s latest multi-billion dollar bird felt like winning the lottery. It was designed for stealth, surveillance, reconnaissance and attack. He cruised toward the mission point, taking in the 360-degree information flow of the ground and sky. His missiles sat tucked inside the craft waiting to launch at his target, deep in the Nevada desert. 
The clipped conversation between him and the tower guided him along as they observed his data at the control stations back at base. Every nanosecond of the flight was recorded and analyzed. Ahead, the sensors indicated the target coming within firing range. Out in the darkness, he glimpsed faint lights on the endless flat ground before him. 
The full moon seemed to shift and zoom past his right wing, silently screaming past his aircraft at mach fifty. Kurt jumped in his seat, blinking as the object peeled across the sky and disappeared. In years of intensive training and combat duty, he had never witnessed anything move at that speed. He checked his sensors and saw no indication that the object had been there. 
“Tower did you read the object moving at about mach fifty past my right wing?”
“Echo II, our sensors are clear.”
The strange light blinked above him as he approached the missile destination. It hovered in the sky. 
“Echo II, ready missile launch.”
The light plunged toward the missile target, free falling to the ground. Kurt’s thumb hung over the launch button. He couldn’t move. The light jetted straight up into the air at its impossible velocity. Kurt forgot the missile launch and steered toward it, flying at an almost 90-degree angle in pursuit of the strange light. 
“Echo II, why have you changed your trajectory? You were cleared for missile launch.”
“Tower, I’m following the object. Are you reading this?”
“Echo II, we don’t read anything unusual.”
Kurt could see the light ahead as he broke the cloud cover and moved toward the stars. Again, it stopped dead still and zoomed toward him. The light intersected with his jet and paced him out his left window. Kurt leveled and the object kept pace. 
The light dissipated and he was able to make out the shape of a silver craft for a split second before it blurred into a blaze of light and launched straight into the air. 
Kurt slowed his speed and cruised dumbfounded over the Nevada desert. 
“Echo II, return to base,” the irritated voice chirped in his ear. 
“Tower did you read those numbers?”
“Echo II, I repeat, we do not read any unusual information on our sensors. Return to base.”
Kurt flipped the plane around and made the trek back to base. He came in on a near vertical landing to at least complete part of his test mission. When the techs came into to open the cockpit, Kurt still sat running through the flight data. 
“Time to disembark, sir,” a technician shouted over the sound of the dying jet engine. 
Kurt jumped out of the cockpit and marched into the data center. His flight controller Major Peterson stood in the doorway. 
“What kind of stunt were you pulling out there, Davis?”
“It was no stunt, sir. I saw something out there. I need to check the data records.”
Kurt pushed past his SO and sat at a computer console. He peered at the date files, flipping through data sets to see if any of the radar sensors had picked up the strange object he knew he had seen. He couldn’t believe it. There was nothing there!
He felt a hand on his shoulder. It was Major Peterson. 
“I need to see you in my office, Davis.”
Peterson walked away through the rows of computer consoles. The older, career officer was portly and gruff. He did not like to be dismissed by his staff. Decorated pilot or not, Kurt was his inferior. He let his eyes glide over the data again, looking for any indication of the object before he stood to follow Peterson. 
Major Peterson sat behind an orderly desk in his large office with a window facing out onto a plaza two stories below. His hands were folded in a triangle as he rested his elbows on his chair’s arms. An open file sat on his desk. 
Kurt sat in the chair on the other side of the desk, still in his flight suit. His mind raced from the encounter. He couldn’t think. Meeting with Peterson barely registered with him. 
“I’ve been reviewing your file, Davis. You’ve been an asset to your country. A real hero.”
Kurt blinked, barely hearing Peterson’s words. He forced himself to focus. 
“Thank you, sir.”
“You served five tours in Afghanistan and Iraq, stationed on the USS George H.W. Bush for most of your service.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I see you took out numerous military and Al Qaeda targets. You received a Metal of Honor in 2010 for your participation in air strikes against the Taliban.” 
“I appreciate the stroll down memory lane, sir, but I’d rather discuss what just happened in the sky out there.”
“What happened tonight is my primary concern, Davis. I don’t see any history of traumatic events in your files, and you’ve been an exemplary soldier. However, we both know, war is war. Things happen out there. Civilian casualties and such.”
“I like to believe civilian casualties were at a minimum, sir.”
“Still, I’d like you to report to psyche tomorrow.”
“I beg your pardon, sir. Why do I need to report to psyche?”
“When a pilot takes a multi-billion dollar aircraft on a joy ride, in pursuit of a phantom object, we don’t take it lightly. Your mental health is of utmost importance to us.”
“Sir. Please. I do NOT have PTSD. I saw what I saw. It was real.”
“Then why didn’t our sensors read the object?”
“Maybe they couldn’t, sir.”
“Are you suggesting that the latest in military technology is inadequate?”
“I don’t know, sir.” 
“Davis, you are grounded for the time being. Until you’re cleared by psyche.”
“Major Peterson, sir. Please.”
“You’re dismissed Davis. Spend some time with the wife. Take it easy.”
Kurt stood and walked out the door. He was numb. His head pounded as ran over scenario. He wasn’t crazy! That light had shot across the sky like some kind of UFO. Fuck. A UFO… 
He changed out of his flight gear and walked out to his truck where he sat behind the steering wheel, looking up at the night sky. Clouds covered the stars in a haze under the full moon. 
He started the car and drove slowly home where he sat in the driveway, not wanting to go inside. He couldn’t face Camille’s coldness; he couldn’t tell her about being grounded. If he were grounded, he would be sitting behind a desk or working as a tech in the hanger. 
All Kurt ever wanted to do was fly. He had signed that contract so he could keep flying the jets he loved. The big guns. It was an addiction.  Since the first time he’d sat in a twin-engine plane with his father, the exhilaration of flight was everything he lived for. He did not want to fly commercial jets. He did not want to sit at a desk. He wanted to operate the fastest, deadliest planes in the world. 
He stepped out the truck, his boots thumping on the pavement as he approached the door. He hesitated, peering through the window. The light was still on. He exhaled and went inside. 
Camille sat on the couch drinking a glass of chardonnay in hot pant pajamas. Her naked leg rested on the coffee table. 
“Hi, Baby,” he said, moving to sit next to her. 
His weight compressed the couch and she rearranged herself, looking at him over the rim of her wine glass. 
“How was your mission? Kill anyone interesting?”
The bite of her humor made him flinch. He stared at the TV— some stupid Housewives show. He rubbed a hand over his face and considered telling her about the event. She would think he was crazy too. 


Chapter Three

Theodore Doss looked through the one-way mirror into the room beyond. A seven-year-old girl in a pink nightgown sat crouched in a corner hugging a teddy bear. Who had let her keep that teddy bear? How were they supposed to get any work done with this coddling? It was ridiculous. He was the only one in this department with any discipline. 
“Take the child’s bear,” he said into an intercom. An agent in a black military uniform came into the room. The child looked up hopefully, but the agent grabbed the bear. The little girl held on with her tiny grasping hands as long as she could, but the strength of the adult was far too great. The bear was swept away and out of the room. 
She wailed, the way only little girls are capable of wailing, and Theodore rolled his eyes. The child collapsed in the corner, sobbing wildly. This was the most unproductive morning all month. Whoever was responsible for bringing this subject in was going to get Theodore’s foot in his ass. 
He waited, sipping his coffee as the child’s body shuddered. You could never tell right off if one of these kids was going to be useful or not. The coffee was bitter. Why couldn’t his staff make a decent pot of coffee for once? They always filled the basket too full, wasting grounds and making this black dredge. 
The little girl finally cooled down and stopped crying. She lifted her bright red face and looked around the room. She stood and tried to open the door. Of course, it didn’t open. Then she hit it with her little fist. Cute. 
“Let me out!” she screamed, her voice muffled by the one-way mirror. Theodore had to admire her spirit. A moment ago she was huddled in a corner, and a big bad man took her teddy bear. Now she was screaming to be released. 
The little girl paced the empty cell, screamed to be let go, and demanded her mother and her teddy bear. Too bad for her, her mother signed her over to the project. The project was better than starving with a woman like that anyway— a drug addict with her fifth child onboard. 
“Let me out!” the little girl screamed again. 
Theodore chuckled. This was proving to be a waste of time. It was time to send the girl back to the streets and get on with their work. 
“Let me out!” she screamed again. This time Theodore felt a blast of energy in his chest just as the window cracked. Pieces fell on either side of the wall revealing him to the child in front of him. 
“Bravo!” Theodore said, clapping his hands at the child. 
“I want my teddy,” she whined. 
“Someone cleanup this mess,” he demanded at the waiting assistants behind him, “Take her to her cell.”
“I want my teddy!” The blast of energy broke his coffee mug, sending hot bitter liquid across his lap. Damn it all! He stood to wipe the stain from his pants. The little girl was attempting to climb through the window. 
“Someone take this child back to her cell! And for God’s sake, give her back her toy. We don’t want every window in the building shattered.” 
“Yes, sir!”
“And get me another cup of coffee.”
Theodore patted the stain on his pants and walked to his office. Terrible morning, but at least the girl worked out. There was nothing that he hated more than a failed subject. 
He sat behind his desk and waited for someone to bring him his coffee. There was a knock at the door.
“Enter.” 
The door opened, and one of his intelligence agents walked in and sat at the desk in front of him. 
“I have news to report, sir.”
“Get on with it.” He wanted his damn coffee. 
“Subject 001 has possibly been located. I have surveillance photographs of the subject if you would like to see them.”
He took the photographs from the agent’s hand and looked at them. Could it really be true? After all these years, had they finally found her? Possibly the most powerful subject the project had ever seen. After all these years, they had finally found his daughter. 


****


Annie Fox opened her mailbox and grabbed the stack of bills that awaited her inside. Every time she opened the mailbox, she secretly imagined that there would be a check for a million dollars in here. It was the only way she could keep opening it. There was no check for a million dollars today, just the normal creditors and utility companies demanding her blood.  
She closed the lid and took the stack of letters back inside her cramped studio apartment. Clutter and dirty laundry overran the small space. She collapsed onto the multiuse futon. Her fine blonde hair hung round her shoulders as she shuffled through the mail. Bill, bill, bill, junk, bill… As she flipped through the letters, she found one with a machine typed address with no postage stamp, and no return address. What was this? 
She tore it open and pulled the folded white paper from inside. The letter was typed just like the envelope. Who used a typewriter anymore? 

Dear Ms. Fox,
I am writing to request a meeting with you. I have information that could serve to protect you from a most dire threat. We must speak in person. Tell no one. If you agree to a meeting, please dial the number below at 10:45 PM, PST, May 22 from a pay phone. After you call, I will send another letter with the exact meeting time and place. Absolute secrecy is crucial. It is urgent that we speak. Please respond. 
Sincerely, 
A Friend
555-102-9544

Lunatic. Someone was messing with her again— probably one of the trolls that frequented her blog. This level of tormenting was new, even for those low lives. She threw the bills on the coffee table and leaned back on the couch, closing her eyes. She had to seek guidance on this one. 
The astral realm felt more like home than this place. If she could, she would spend the rest of eternity there. Unfortunately, she always had to come back to the cold, hard reality of her life.  
She slowed her breathing, running energy through her body, bringing herself down, down, down into the trance-like dream-state. She saw her astral form floating in the clouds, flying upward beyond the atmosphere. She was a beautiful light being in his form, similar but not the same as the woman who dozed on the futon below. 
Her guide sat on an asteroid, and his white robes flowed around his massive wings. He held out his hand, and she floated to sit next to him. He was beautiful, achingly beautiful, the perfect impression of a human man— Michelangelo’s David and a movie star rolled together and touched by the angelic light of immortality. 
“What do you think of that letter?” she asked him. 
The letter will change your life forever. It is not what you think. The intentions are pure.  
“What is it?”
It is from one who would show you the greater truth beyond the one that you know.
“I thought that was your job.”
The angel laughed— sound of music mixed with joy mixed with orgasms and ice cream. 
We are here to tell you of truths beyond your realm, such knowledge is given to few. You are an open and clear channel for our guidance. 
“I’m not sure I understand what you’re talking about.”
The angel laughed again. 
“Will this letter help me pay my rent or get my son back?
You must let go of those things that do not serve you if you are to elevate to the next dimension. 
We wrap you in the light and love of the One. We are grateful for your clear channel. We will speak again. 
The angel drifted away on the cloud and Annie’s astral form slipped down through the sky, anchored by a golden strand that held her to her body. She sailed gently downward until she descended through her ceiling and back into her slumbering form. She blinked, sat up, and looked at the letter again. Where in the heck was she supposed to find a pay phone? This typewriter enthusiast was living in the last century. 
She sensed this whole thing was going to be a problem. If it wasn’t going to help her with her current, most pressing issues, it was a change she didn’t need. She searched her intuition to feel how the sender would affect her future. She could sense a lot of movement, anxiety, information that would shift her perspective and make her current life nearly impossible. 
What Annie needed most was a new income stream, not some kind of mystery-thriller novel energy descending into her life. Hopefully, she would pick up a few bucks at the psychic fair on the park tomorrow. 

The next morning, Annie sat at her booth table in the crowded outdoor psychic festival held every spring in downtown Mt. Shasta, CA. After last year, she wasn’t sure the price of the booth was worth the investment. She had hardly paid her expenses with the money she’d made. But everyone in town raved about it. The other tarot card readers and healers seemed to make a killing there every year. 
Her friend Stacy sat in the booth next door, giving Reiki sessions on a massage table. She ran a meditation center where Annie did most of her work. Stacy believed in her. She was impressed by her channeling and believed Annie was the real deal. 
A hefty woman in her early fifties wondered by Annie’s booth and perused the brochures Annie had shelled out to have made at Kinko’s. She smiled up at the woman, hoping she would sit down and take a reading. Unlike many other psychics in town, Annie didn’t have a huge fan club. This woman wasn’t a local. Maybe she would be open-minded. 
“How much?” the woman said, squinting in the mountain sunlight. 
“Forty dollars for a full reading.”
The woman sat down at the folding chair in front of Annie’s table and dropped her heavy bag on top of Annie’s precious brochures. 
“How do you work?”
“I use cards, I’m a clairvoyant, and I channel Archangel Michael.”
“Interesting,” the woman said, tossing two crumbled twenties on the table. 
Annie straightened the bills and placed them under a crystal, readying herself to open her channel. 
“Do I need to do anything?”
“Do you have a question you want answered, or do you just want a general reading?”
“Will I find my soul mate or land my dream job this year?”
Annie took her rune cards out from under a second crystal and began to shuffle them, allowing her mind to descend into the trance state where the universal mind was available to her. She could sense Archangel Michael’s presence. A feeling of openness overtook her mind, and she allowed it in. Michael’s voice spoke softly in the distance, not quite intelligible as she turned over the woman’s cards. 
The symbols on the cards tumbled into the connections in her subconscious mind and the mind of the universe, Michael whispered. A tear ran down her cheek and she saw an image of the woman smoking a cigarette and drinking a glass of hard liquor to wash down a fast food meal. 
She felt the strain of the woman’s heart, the deterioration of her body and vital energy of her life force. Her toxic lifestyle made it impossible for her to gain the motivation to seek a new job, let alone to be chosen to fill it. Her body gave off a sense of death and decay, sending a signal to anyone who might be a good match for her that she did not care about herself enough to care about anyone else. 
Annie saw the woman’s distance from her children, who urged her to take care of herself before it was too late. However, the woman refused to change. She believed she could have something for nothing. She believed she could get away with doing things to her body that no one could to get away with in this life. 
She would pay the price for the sins she committed against herself, in a short time, if she did not change now. She would never have the love or the work she desired, and she would probably die within ten years. 
Annie’s eyelids fluttered and she looked at the woman through a watery film on her eyes.  Her body shook. She could see the woman’s expression of concern as she fought for control of her body and mind. She was deep in the subconscious dream realms and coming back was not always a smooth landing. She cleared her throat. 
“It is unlikely you will get either a new job or a new lover with the way you treat yourself. If you want either of those things, you will have to clean up your diet, quit smoking, and stop drinking. You are killing yourself. In fact, you will not only be lonely and broke, you will most likely die in less than ten years. I suggest you take your children’s advice and clean up your lifestyle. If you can do this, the things you desire will come to you. But first you have to love yourself enough to get a grip and stop killing yourself.”
Annie’s eyes fluttered, and she grabbed the table. Her head cleared and her eyes adjusted to the light. The woman’s mouth hung open, her eyes huge. She was offended as hell. Crap... not again. 
“Thanks for nothing,” the woman said, standing up to walk away. When she pulled her bag off the table, Annie’s brochures went flying into the dirt. At least she didn’t ask for her money back. 
Annie snapped out of the trance and jumped from her seat to retrieve the brochures. A few had landed in front of Stacy’s booth. When she grabbed them, Stacy looked down her from her empty booth with a concerned expression on her face. 
“You’ve got to sugarcoat it Annie. I don’t know how many times I’ve told you that. You are such a gifted psychic and your readings are right on. You just offend people with your bluntness.”
“I know,” she said, wiping a dusty brochure on her jeans, “I can’t help it. The words just seem to come out while I’m in the trance. When I come out, I can barely remember what I said. Is it really so tactless?”
“You just told that woman she was going to die in ten years if she didn’t change her lifestyle. Of course, that is probably true. And she probably knows it already, but people like that are unwilling to change. That’s why they go to psychics in the first place. They want a short cut that doesn’t require them to do the hard work. I cannot tell you how many clients I’ve had that I’ve told very similar things. They want me to cure their illnesses without putting in any effort— like energy healing is magic or something. It can do a lot, but you’ve got to meet it half way.”
“Yeah. At least you have a grip on what you say to people. I can’t seem to get control over the trance before the blunt buster comes out.”
Annie went back to her booth and sipped on a green smoothie, enjoying the nutrients running down her throat. Annie knew her own lifestyle wasn’t exactly exemplary. Most of the time she lived on dehydrated noodles and canned tuna. She didn’t have any bad habits, she couldn’t afford them. She also couldn’t afford the yuppie health food store and all raw vegan, organic, nontoxic, no harm, non-GMO, un-fluorinated water, stuff that the rest of the community touted. She would, if she could. But she couldn’t. And she was lazy. Grinding her own wheat was out of the question. Oh wait, wheat is bad now. Right?
She took the forty dollars and put it in her wallet. Just five more readings today and she would break even. 
The clients picked up, and Annie fought for control so she could give her readings without offending anyone. At one point, she told a man to stop cheating on his wife in front of his wife. At another reading, she told a mother she was selfish and to stop yelling at her kids. It was not going well, but by the end of the day, she had broken even on the booth and even had enough money to pay off last month’s rent. Maybe the next day would be better.  

Annie closed up her booth for the night, drove her beat-up, old Pinto back to her studio apartment, and flipped on the light. It was cold inside, and the electric wall-heater choked and buzzed when she turned it on. She made herself a cup of herbal tea and sat down in front of her computer. 
Annie’s biggest claim to fame, if you could call it that, was her blog. She wrote almost daily the channeling of her guide, Archangel Michael. He told her things about the ascension of humanity. He told her things she couldn’t always understand, but she hoped someone out here would. It was her mission. 
She clicked on the Wordpress screen and looked at the comments she had from her followers. People liked the channeling from the day before. It was about the second half of the year when the energies of the planet would bring about challenges that would ultimately culminate in a new awakening. Anyone who was open to the energy would have a good year. People who weren’t open to it, would have greater challenges that would push them to open up to the new energy. 
She scrolled through the comments and stopped on one of the trolls who frequented her blog. He said she was a fraud and shouldn’t be allowed to speak. This person actually went onto the new age forums and bad mouthed her channeling. He was a typical negative scumbag. No matter how many times she was faced with this sort of thing, she still felt hurt by it. 
She took a sip of tea and set her cup by the computer. Lighting a candle, she let her mind drift down into the recesses of her subconscious. It happened swiftly and abruptly. She was already sitting cross-legged in a garden where she often met with Michael. He was there, standing in front of her, his robes fluttering on a dream breeze. His body hovered above the ground, and his striking beauty made Annie’s heart beat faster. His long blond hair hung straight around his shoulders, blowing in the same imaginary wind. 
Michael spoke, and Annie’s fingers hit the keyboard as the words moved through him into her. She typed furiously, not letting the words enter her conscious mind. She was a pure channel for Michael’s elevated consciousness. 
The words spoke of space and time, how the universe worked, and how science was incorrect and incomplete. He gave her equations. He spoke of matter and anti-matter. He spoke of the universal consciousness at the base of all existence. He spoke of a field that housed infinite energies to light our planet and our minds. 
It was compelling and unintelligible to her. He spoke of time travel, and teleportation. He spoke of shifting through the densities of matter from body to light body and gave her instructions. The flood of information was almost too much, she could not hold the channel and her mind snapped back to consciousness. 
She looked down at the computer and saw she had transcribed only a fraction of what Michael had said. What she had written was almost illegible. Her body felt sore and exhausted. The clock on her computer screen said 10:45 PM, 5/22/2013. She missed the call to the mysterious letter sender, and she was not going to go out to find a payphone right now. 
It was probably some Internet troll anyway. For a few minutes, she tried to edit the copy on her blog page, but she could barely keep her eyes open. She staggered from her chair and collapsed on the futon, with just enough time to flip off the light before she fell asleep.  

Annie woke with saliva pooling in her mouth and dripping down her chin. She was still fully clothed. Damn it! She hated when she passed out like this. Before even jumping in the shower, she went back to the computer and tried to salvage the channeling from the night before. 
Blinking at the unintelligible garble, she did her best to edit the parts that made sense to her. The sciencey stuff was beyond her comprehension level, and she usually glossed over it or cut it out. Still, some of it always found its way in, and she felt it added an air of credibility to the channeling. Not many channels talked about electronic converters and the space-time continuum. 
Annie showered, dressed, and made it to the physic fair only slightly late. Stacy brought her a cup of coffee and set it on the table in her booth as Annie settled in for a day of readings. 
She took a sip of the coffee and inhaled the rich hazelnut aroma. Free trade, organic coffee. She was not going to hell for her purchasing choices today! New age music danced through the air from the main stage. The turn-out this year was better than expected. Psychics actually thrive in bad economies. People need answers to questions that are too painful to deal with by other means. 
 Day two of the fair was better than day one. Annie made a month’s rent by midday. No wonder the other practitioners raved about it. She was getting a reputation as the “no holds barred” psychic around the fair grounds. Some people were into that sort of thing. Things were looking up. She might actually eat something other than lunch noodles this month. 
Annie shuffled her cards and smiled inwardly at her luck. She wasn’t greedy, she just wanted to eat, pay her rent, and send some child support down south to her kid’s dad. 
She had her fourteen-year-old son, Aden, when she was only twenty years old, after spending her youth in foster care. She and her ex got married after they found out, and Annie settled into life as a stay-at-home mom. Being a foster kid, she was happy even with a controlling and overbearing man. As long as she had a place to stay, and a way to feed her kid, she was OK.  
She did a few readings here and there while she was married, but not enough to pay the rent or even buy many groceries. 
After Michael came into her life, everything changed. She left her husband and started doing readings full time. It wasn’t until she started writing her blog that her ex decided to file for custody. 
He wanted to hurt her for leaving him, so he got some lawyer and a shrink to prove Annie had disassociate personality disorder. It worked. After ten years of being a stay-at-home mom, and three years of being a single mom, Aden was gone. 
It still hurt, and she missed him all the time. After she lost Aden, Michael had told her to move to Mt. Shasta. Just like leaving her abusive husband, it was the right decision. Her channeling power had increased exponentially once she moved under the massive snow covered peak. She would give anything to have Aden back; her heart ached for him every day.  She couldn’t let it go, no matter how much she tried. 
A man with a rumpled short sleeve, button-up shirt and a bad comb over walked up to her booth. He didn’t look the type. His thick glasses and pocket protector said “computer nerd” not “new age hippy.”
“Hi,” Annie said, beaming her brilliant smile up at the potential client. 
“Annie Fox?”
“Yes. I’m the ‘no holds barred’ psychic channel,” she said lifting her eyebrows up and down a few times, trying to do a little persuasive marketing. She wasn’t very good at it. 
“Yes, I’d like a reading.”
She instructed him to sit down as she shuffled the cards. The channel opened and her eyes nearly turned back into her head. She was struck quickly with the decent into the dream world. She saw the man typing a letter, driving across the country, and putting it in the mailbox. She saw him drinking instant coffee in a cheap hotel room. She saw him surfing the Internet and reading. The information he ingested in his research was vast— a world Annie somehow felt she should know. It was just beyond her sight. Her eyes fluttered back up, and she looked down at the cards. She hadn’t even drawn them. 
“You are here for me,” she said. 
“Yes, I must speak with you.”
“I couldn’t make the phone call.”
“Not here,” he said looking around suspiciously. Stacy glanced over from her booth.
He whispered, “You are in great danger. There are things you do not understand. Meet me tomorrow at 2 PM in the park at the base of the mountain. I’ll be at one of the park benches. We can talk then.”
“Ok. I wish you would tell me what you want. I’m not in the habit of meeting strange men alone in the woods, you understand.” She knew he wasn’t dangerous; she was just fishing for information out of curiosity. The whole thing was making the hair on her arms stand up. 
“I need to tell you who you are.”


Chapter Four

A single laptop held all that was left of a decade of research. Mercedes stared at it as she lay on her stomach on the couch. Edwin stumbled out of the bedroom into the bathroom, and Mercedes heard violent retching echo off the porcelain. The aftermath of last night lay strewn across the coffee table and spilled on the floor. A bottle of tequila had dripped the last of its contents on the rug, making the room smell like stale liquor. A carton of almond chicken seeped onto the glass-covered coffee table. Mercedes cringed at the mess. 
Her memory flashed to the night before: Edwin’s blurry speech, lecturing the delivery boy about how their device did not defy the law of conservation. The kid must have thought Edwin was insane. She rubbed her aching head and went to the kitchen to make coffee. She heard Edwin gargling in the bathroom and a flush. He staggered into the kitchen. His eyes were puffy and red. They embraced while Mercedes held the bag of coffee grounds. She felt tears well up inside, but her eyes were too dry to shed them. 
When Edwin released her, she poured the coffee grounds into the machine and flipped it on. It gurgled and spilled life-giving brown liquid into the glass pot. She stared at it as it dripped and filled. 
“What now?” Edwin said, rubbing his face. 
“We have to wait until it’s finished brewing or it will leak all over the burner. This thing is supposed to stop brewing when you take the pot out, but I think it’s broken.”
“I mean, with our entire lives…”
“Oh, that…”
The coffeemaker spurted its last drops into the pot and Mercedes filled two mugs, fixing them both with cream and sugar. She handed a glass to Edwin and took a sip of her own as she leaned her hip against the kitchen counter. 
“Call the interested investor,” she said. Coffee slid over her tongue and down her chest, washing away the effects of last night’s tequila. 
“But we have no device.”
“All we can do is ask.”
Edwin checked his watch and dug the business card out of his pants. He flipped it over and dialed the number on his cell phone. Mercedes listened to the sound of his voice as he asked for Mr. Raymond. He should have waited until he had a shower. Edwin had an active/reactive nature that often served him and often did not. He said hello to Mr. Raymond in a chipper tone, but soon his voice changed and he hung up. 
“Raymond says he’s no longer interested. He heard about the fire on the news and doesn’t want to take the risk.”
“What risk?”
“That our device will explode in a lab his company has funded.”
Mercedes rolled her eyes and went to sit on the couch in a humph. The device did not blow up the lab. They had both smelled explosives. It was clear to her and Edwin, that they had been vandalized. She thought about the strange men in black suits and a shiver went up her spine. The idea that a government agency had blown up her lab made her go numb. Fear trickled down from her brain into her limbs. It couldn’t be that. Could it?
Edwin sat next to her and sighed.
“What now, Boss?”
“I don’t know Edwin. I have to think. We can look for a new institution to fund us. Next time we need to find an institution that will be more open to our research.”
“OK. I’m going to jump in the shower and go to the store. We are down to Pop-Tarts and half-and-half. You make a list of possible institutions to query.”
She sighed. She was not ready to start querying institutions. She wasn’t even ready to clean up the almond chicken congealing on the coffee table, and it was making her skin crawl. 
Her hangover was still overwhelmingly present, and the loss of a decade’s worth of research made her feel like she’d just had a miscarriage. Edwin was on a proactive warpath, so she just nodded and sipped her coffee while he bustled into the bathroom to shower. 
He came out later, his curly hair still damp, dressed in jeans, a batman t-shirt, and converse. Research scientist wasn’t a profession that required a grown-up wardrobe. He looked pretty hot to Mercedes, as he slung on his hoodie and left. 	
She cleaned up last night’s disaster, made another cup of coffee, curled up on the couch, and turned on the TV to flip through their five channels. 
She settled on a soap opera about a kidnapped baby and a cheating husband, lying there until Edwin’s keys jingled in the knob outside. He came inside in a rush, dropping the one bag of groceries on the entry tile. A jar of spaghetti sauce crashed and exploded on the carpet. Edwin ignored it and climbed on the couch to peer between the curtains out the window.
“What the hell!” Mercedes yelled, jumping up from her pity nest. She hated messes. Her house was meticulously clean, not a single stain on the carpet until today.  
“I was followed.”
“Are you still drunk?” she chided, moving into the kitchen to find something to clean up the broken glass. 
She came back into the living room with a dustpan and sponge. Edwin waved from the couch, his butt poked in the air as he peered stealthily out the window. 
“Come here, look out there.”
She set the dustpan and broom near the mess and went to look at whatever had gotten Edwin so excited. He moved out of the way, and she looked through the crack in the curtains. 
“What?” she said, irritated that he had stopped her from cleaning up.
“Look at that SUV. You see it has no plates?”
“I guess,” she said, standing back up and moving to the mess. 
“It followed me all the way to the store and back. I swear to you.”
She swept the broken glass and spaghetti sauce into the dustpan remembering the men in black suits and the smell of explosives in the laboratory hallway. She moved mechanically to clean the mess but when she was finished, she could barely stand. Her legs did not want to hold her up. Finally, she straightened herself and let the mess fall into the garbage can. She grabbed a wet sponge from the sink. 
Edwin stared out the window, and Mercedes stared at his back. Neither of them said a word for long moments. Edwin sat up and turned around to her. 
“You know what happened to Malcolmson and the others.”
Mercedes stood frozen in the middle of the room, the wet sponge dripped in her hand. The stain on the carpet looked like clotted blood. Adam Malcolmson was the ill-fated editor of Free Energy Magazine. The man met his untimely demise under questionable circumstances. Official reports said it was a suicide, but no one who knew him believed he would kill himself. 
Then there was Leland Case the man who had perfected an engine that ran on water. He had been murdered in his house. The police said it was a simple robbery, but Leland wasn’t exactly Donald Trump. They weren’t the only free energy scientists to die mysteriously. 
Mercedes dropped the sponge and dropped to her knees, the legs of her pants smooshed into the wet, red carpet. The men in black suits, the fire in their lab, now the unmarked SUV patrolling their neighborhood and tailing Edwin to the grocery store. Fear gripped her as she gasped and stifled a sob. Edwin turned from the window and went to throw his arms around her. 
“We have to leave,” he whispered, rocking her in his arms. 
“Where?”
“We can go to your mother’s cabin.”
“How much time do you think we have?”
“Who knows? We should leave now. Today. I’ll book a flight to Chicago. It will look like we’re going to stay with my folks. Then we’ll lose them in the airport. I hope.”
Mercedes went to the bedroom and hastily packed their clothes while Edwin purchased tickets to Chicago for later in the day. She came back to the living room holding the suitcases in her numb hands. 
“This isn’t happening,” she said blankly.
“We knew the risk,” he said, closing the laptop. 
She didn’t want to believe it. She didn’t want to leave her home. Losing the research, the lab, her job, it was all too much already. She couldn’t move. Standing there in the living room still holding the suitcases, Edwin pried them out of her hands and put them by the front door. 
He looked at her, his expression pleading for her to snap out of her nervous breakdown. He shoved the laptop in a backpack and slung it over his shoulders. It was their last and only computer, the last of what remained of ten years of research. 
“Grab anything else you need. Your purse, some stacks.”
Mercedes stared at him. 
“Move, damn it!” 
She startled and a tear ran down her cheek. 
“Mercedes, I’m sorry,” he went to her and kissed her head. “We have to go now. I need you to be strong. Please snap out of it.”
Edwin was in the middle of one of his super proactive solution manias and Mercedes could barely move. Her mind ran at a million miles a second, but she had no sensation in her limbs. How could they outrun the government, or whoever these people were? It was useless! Panic and fear overwhelmed all reason and she let it wash over her until her rational mind realized Edwin was right. They had to act. They had to move fast. Their lives depended on it. 
“OK. Let’s go,” she said grabbing her purse and sweater. 
“You need anything?”
“No. We have clothes; we have the computer. Let’s go.”
Edwin opened the door and unlocked their parked car while Mercedes threw the suitcases in the trunk. The SUV sat parked down the street, tinted windows refracting the sunlight. She tried not to look at it as she turned to lock the front door. Edwin threw the laptop backpack in the backseat and started the car. Mercedes jumped in the passenger seat, slamming the door shut. 
He pulled out of the driveway and the SUV slowly pulled out behind them, following them down their quiet residential street. Mercedes heart pounded against her ribcage, her palms sweat into her jeans. She realized she was still wearing the spaghetti sauce covered pants and winced with the upcoming embarrassment. 
They drove through Cambridge, and Edwin pulled the car into the parking lot of their bank and parked. The SUV continued down the street and pulled into the parking lot of a MacDonald’s just down the block. 
“Why are we stopping?”
“I’m going to pull all our money out of the bank so they can’t trail our withdrawals.”
“Do you really think that’s necessary?”
“I have no idea. I’m not taking any chances.”
“Why do I feel like I’m suddenly in a James Bond movie?”
Edwin looked at her blankly and got out of the car. She was content to stay there with her sauce-covered pants. She considered getting something out of her suitcase in the trunk, but the sight of the SUV down the street made her unable to act or move. Twenty minutes later, Edwin emerged from the bank with a large manila envelope. He got in the car and stuffed the envelope in the backpack after putting a few hundreds in his wallet. 
“We had seven grand throughout our accounts. It should be enough for now.”
He started the car and drove toward the Boston airport. The SUV pulled out a few cars behind them. Mercedes could make out the outline of figures in the front seats. 
“They aren’t being very subtle.”
“I think they’re trying to intimidate us.”
“It’s working,” she said, staring straight ahead. 
They descended into the darkness of the Callahan Tunnel, leaving the brick edifices of Boston behind them. Mercedes craned her head to see the headlights of the unmarked SUV just a few cars behind them. Pulling out of the tunnel, they made it to the airport and purchased long-term parking for the car. As they pulled their suitcases out of the trunk, the SUV inched down the other end of the parking lot. 
They tried not to look at it as they walked to the airport and waited at the ticket counter. The men didn’t show themselves while Mercedes and Edwin received their tickets to Chicago. Hoping their pursuers had given up, they moved slowly down the line through security. Mercedes glanced around to see if they were still being followed but didn’t see anything. She and Edwin made it through security and sat down to put their shoes back on just as she spotted the same men in black suits moving toward the security check line. She bent down to Edwin’s ear. 
“They’re still following us,” she whispered, nudging his shoulder. 
He stood and began walking at a fast, airport pace toward their gate. Mercedes followed carrying one of the suitcases. She glanced behind her; the men were making their way down the line. When he turned the corner, Edwin broke into a run. Mercedes followed him, her feet slapping the slick floor. She didn’t have time to think or panic. They passed their gate and kept running. Mercedes breath heaved, trying to keep up with Edwin and lug the suitcase at the same time. She glanced behind her. The men in black were nowhere to be seen. 
She followed Edwin and swerved in front of a large crowd of tourists, losing themselves in the throng of bodies. She glanced around again to see the men moving toward their gate. 
She caught Edwin just as he cut through the crowd out into the baggage claim area. She tried to slow down to catch her breath, but Edwin broke into a run again, passing the luggage chutes, looking behind him to check for her and the pursuing men. He ran to the end of the long room, past the rental car stands, and out a sliding door. 
He stood in the glaring sunlight for a moment then jumped on the first city bus that stopped, shoving five dollars in the toll slot. Mercedes followed and sat with him on the opposite isle from the sidewalk. They slid their suitcases under their seats, their chests heaving for breath. The bus moved forward, and pulled out into the street. Mercedes looked through the back window to see the men in black suits running into the light, just as the bus merged toward the highway. 

The bus dropped them at the South Boston Station where they moved into the crowded streets of downtown. The bustle and noise of the city beat at the tempo of Mercedes’ heart. There was too much going on to know if they’d been followed. They hefted their suitcases and made their way through the crowds to the Greyhound station. 
Edwin paid the woman behind the counter for two tickets to New Mexico, in cash. The station smelled of sweaty bodies and urine. People milled about, taking turns on the limited seats. A baby cried in a worried young mother’s arms. Mercedes stared at the door like a wounded animal, expecting to run again at any second. 
Their bus wouldn’t arrive for an hour so they tucked themselves in the farthest corner from the door and slid down the wall to sit on the grimy, cold floor. She put her face in her hands and let tears squeeze through her tightly shut eyes. Edwin put his arm over her shoulder and patted her hair. 
“You want a candy bar and a soda?” he cooed. 
She lifted her face and looked at him. She was sure she looked pathetic, like a weak female. After spending a lifetime trying to prove she was as smart as the men around her, signs of stereotypical female behavior left her feeling idiotic. At a moment like this, she couldn’t keep her rational head on straight. She wanted to weep until her lungs burned, but she righted herself enough to reply. 
“Yeah, thanks.”
Edwin stood and moved toward the vending machines. He gave her a big goofy smile while he pushed coins in the slot. He was trying to put on a brave face for her. She hated to admit it, but he was the strong one. He was the resourceful one. Maybe she had 25 IQ points on him, but she was a quivering ball of Jell-O when it counted most. 
He came back and slid down to sit next to her, wiping the soda can, and cracking it open. He took a swig and handed it to her then tore open the candy bar. They waited and shared the sugary feast.  As Mercedes took the last gulp of their second soda, their bus route was announced. They stood and went to wait in line with the rest of the tired passengers, inching toward the door where the bus waited outside in the fading dusk light. Mercedes took one last look behind her as they exited the Greyhound station. No one had followed them. 
They placed their luggage under the bus, kept the backpack with their computer and cash, and found seats inside. It smelled of cleaning fluid and air freshener. The big chairs were a welcome sight after spending an hour on cold, concrete floors. Mercedes sunk into the chair and let her eyes close. The stain on her pants had dried into an ugly brown clot, but she no longer cared. After everyone boarded, the bus pulled out, on its way to New Mexico. 

Headlights and tourist sites blended in a haze of travel as Mercedes and Edwin trekked across the country. After two days of almost continuous travel, save for the late night layovers where they snoozed on uncomfortable bus stop benches, they made it to their final destination— a little town outside of Santa Fe.
In the dusty, dry heat of a New Mexico afternoon, they descended the bus steps and waited from the attendants to unpack their bags. Mercedes mechanically picked up the suitcases as they were dumped on the parking lot concrete, and handed one to Edwin. With blurry, tired eyes, they made their way out of the bus station and onto a sepia toned street. Everything seemed light brown and dusty except for the brilliant blue sky overhead. 
Mercedes shielded her eyes from the hot breeze and glaring sun, looking around as if in a trance. She looked at Edwin who was looking at the new cell phone he had purchased under a fake name. 
“What now?” she whispered, a bead of sweat dripping from her temple. 
“We find a car. Something cheap, and go out to the cabin. There’s an Internet cafe over there. Let’s go rest up, get some food, and find a car.”
They crossed the street and went inside. A bell tinkled overhead as the door swung open. The heads of locals turned to inspect the new arrivals. Mercedes found a seat in a private booth and ducked inside with the backpack and luggage, while Edwin ordered them something to eat from the counter. He returned with glasses of ice water and ham sandwiches, setting Mercedes’ down in front of her. She chewed her sandwich, savoring the homemade freshness and letting her body relax. 
Edwin scooted in beside her and opened the laptop. He took a swig of water and tried to find the local craigslist. There was plenty for Santa Fe but not much in their area so he tried the local paper. Someone was selling a 1995 Bronco for $900. 
Mercedes sipped her water while Edwin made the call, watching his face as he sweet-talked the owner into driving the car over to the cafe. When he got off the phone, he winked at her and grinned. He tore into his sandwich and downed his water, then went back to the counter to fill both of their glasses. 
After they finished the second glass of water, a dusty, red Bronco pulled up in front of the cafe. Edwin swung out of the booth and went outside. Mercedes stayed with the luggage and watched him through the window. He got in the car with the owner and drove away. 
She finished her sandwich and surfed the internet, wishing she could check in on her social networks and family. She had installed an IP address blocker while sitting in the bus station during one of their layovers, but still didn’t want to risk logging onto an account that could give away their location, not until she could fully test the software. 
Edwin returned, holding the keys to the truck with a big grin on his face. He dug through the backpack, counted out $800. “I talked him down,” he said, smiling, and went back outside. When he returned, he picked up the suitcases. 
They loaded the car and Edwin drove down the dusty highway out of town and into the desert. About ten miles out, they turned onto a private road, and Mercedes directed him deep into the scrubby forest. They turned again down a ravine that opened to a flat stretch of land in the shadow of a tall, red mesa. They arrived at the tiny, white-adobe cabin surrounded by silver-green chaparral. 
Mercedes hopped out of the car and blinked into the glaring sunlight as she approached her mother’s cabin. Her mom had been an artist of sorts. It was a hobby really, but she had bought the cabin after she retired as a place to paint and get away from it all. After she passed away two years ago, she’d left it to Mercedes who had only been there once since. That was essentially to make sure the place hadn’t burned down. 
She walked to the front door while Edwin took in the scenery. The key slid into the door, and she pushed it open. Inside it smelled dusty and still. No one had been here for years. Light streamed into the cramped room from a big window that looked out on the mesa. The cabin was as she’d left it, but dustier. 
It was like a studio apartment, if studio apartments didn’t have electricity or running water. The roof seemed to be intact. The bed in the corner still had blankets and sheets on it, covered in a thick layer of dust. 
They would have to do a lot of cleaning before this place was habitable. Edwin walked in behind her and sneezed. She turned and looked at him, the worry apparent on her face. 
“We’ll have to make it work,” he said shrugging. They needed to clean the place before night fell. Mercedes was not going to sleep on those dirty sheets. She pulled the sheets off the bed causing dust motes to rise in the air like a sand storm. She took them outside and hung them over the clothesline. Edwin found a large metal bucket, and Mercedes tested the water pump. Cold water bubbled up from deep underground. She breathed a sigh of relief and hung her head near the faucet to take in a big gulp of clean water. Edwin followed suit and brushed water over the top of his head making his curls kink in the dry heat.  
They dragged the wash bucket under the water and let it fill with water before they threw the blankets inside. Mercedes remembered where her mother kept the supplies and went to look in the kitchen cabinets. She found a box of laundry powder that had formed into a solid and chiseled the solidified detergent with a steak knife. 
She took the detergent outside, poured it into the bucket, and stirred it all up with her hand. Edwin went inside to sweep the dust off the floor and scrub the counter tops. They worked together, cleaning the room from top to bottom, rinsed the sheets and blankets and hung them on the line. 
Later, they sat in the shade of the house while the hot afternoon sun dried their sheets. They would need food and fuel to run the propane camp stove or BBQ that sat near the outdoor picnic table in the backyard. 
Mercedes offered to drive to town to get supplies, while Edwin stayed to continue arranging the house. She took the keys and made the trek back to town. There was a grocery store where she was able to find propane, coal, and logs for campfires set in neat little bundles near the front door. 
She pushed her cart along the aisles finding things that wouldn’t need refrigeration. Her mother had dishes and cooking supplies at the house, but she bought a new can opener, a teakettle, and a coffee press. She filled the cart with cans of beans and corn and chili, and then, pasta, coffee, sugar, creamer, dried fruit, nuts and beef jerky. Last, she grabbed lighter fluid, batteries, a flashlight, and several lighters. 
After the grocery store, she ran into a hardware store and purchased a cheap generator, a gas can, and a lamp. The men at the store helped her wheel the generator out to the truck and hefted it inside. When the men were done making sure she had someone to help her get it out, she went to the gas station to fill her tank and gas can. 
She drove home, happy she had made the decision to buy the generator. They would need to power the computer, and a light at night would be nice. 
Mercedes pulled up to the cabin and Edwin came running outside, his face lit up like a Christmas tree. She got out of the car and walked toward him. 
“Why are you so filled with glee?” 
“Come here. I think I’ve found someone who can help us. Quickly, before the computer dies.”

Chapter Five

Kurt reported to psych at 0900 hours and sat in the waiting room of the base shrink for what seemed like a year. Finally, a young woman in fatigues came out of the office, hurried through the waiting room, and out the door. 
“Lieutenant Davis?”
“Yes,” Kurt said, standing up abruptly. 
The woman shrink led him into her office where he took a seat on the couch across from what appeared to be her chair. She sat and crossed her legs, all the while smiling at him. Reading glasses were perched on the tip of her nose, but behind them was a beautiful face. Her black hair was pulled back in a tight bun; her lips were full and red. 
His gaze traveled down to the soft white shirt that hugged her voluptuous curves. A hint of white lace peeked out from inside the folds. Kurt steeled himself. Why did it have to be such a beautiful woman? And his type to boot. It was one thing to be confronted with a woman in a uniform, but to be confronted by a woman like this gave him the jitters.  
He cleared his throat while she gazed down at his file. When she looked up, he tried to remain neutral. It didn’t help that Camille hadn’t touched him in months. 
“So, Lieutenant Davis. Why don’t you tell me a little bit about what happened last night? If you are comfortable with that.”
“Fine,” he said, trying to keep his gaze off her legs or chest. 
He looked out the window onto the parking lot as he recalled the events of the night before in as much detail as he could. When he finished he looked up at her for her reaction. He knew it sounded crazy. He would have thought anyone who told that story was crazy too. He’d seen what he’d seen; it wasn’t a hallucination. He was not losing his mind. 
“And have you ever seen anything like this before?”
“No.”
“What were you feeling when you saw the light?”
“I was thinking I wanted to know what it was. That’s why I followed it. This is a big deal. Don’t you see that?”
“It is a big deal, indeed, Lieutenant Davis. I know you believe you saw a… UFO last night. But you must understand, at this point in time, UFO sightings are met with... skepticism.”
“I saw what I saw.”
“How have you been acclimating to life at home, Lieutenant Davis? Has everything been well with you and,” she looked down at his file, “Camille.”
“Things have been fine. We’ve been trying to have a baby for a long time. It doesn’t seem to take. She’s not happy,” he said, not knowing why he was being so candid about his personal life. The woman seemed to draw it out of him. It made him angry. 
“And you? Are you happy?”
“Lady, I just want to fly planes. I want my wife to be happy, but I can’t make a baby out of thin air. Maybe we need to see a doctor; maybe we’ll never have kids. But like I said, all I want is to fly planes.”
“Don’t you want children?”
“Maybe.”
“Wouldn’t you say your situation at home is stressful?”
“Stressful enough to make me see things? No.”
“I’ve read that you had five tours in the last six years. That is a lot of time to be at war.”
“You’re point?” He hated people prying into his personal life. The questions about Camille burned him, and he didn’t want to talk anymore. 
“You were ordered to hit a target on September 9th, 2009 which was said to be a Taliban base, but it turned out to be a civilian hospital. How do you feel about that?”
“How did a shrink get Intel like that?”
“Were you informed of these casualties?”
“No. So thank you for bringing it up now. I’ll be scarred for life. Looks like our hour is up,” he said standing. He walked toward the door. 
“I understand your irritation, Lieutenant Davis, but you must understand, you will not fly again without my recommendation.”
He turned before reaching the door and looked down on her. Her shapely white legs crossed under a short black skirt. He yanked his gaze up and looked at her face. 
“What am I supposed to say? That it never happened?”
“We’ll meet again next week. In the meantime, I’ll give my recommendation to the board.”
“Fine.” Kurt opened the door and walked out. It swung behind him as he stormed through the waiting room. 
Kurt could not go home and sit there all day. He went to the base gym to practice Krav Maga with his trainer. After he showered and dressed, he went into town to a local diner for lunch. His cell phone rang with Sergeant Peterson’s number as he bit into a turkey sandwich. 
“Sir?”
“Lieutenant Davis. We have received the recommendation from your counselor. She believes you have PTSD. For that reason, you will remain grounded until further notice. Report to tech duty tomorrow at 0900 hours.”
Kurt hung up the phone and stared at his sandwich. His stomach lurked and he felt like puking. If he had wanted to be grounded he wouldn’t have signed the new contract. Nine years without flying sounded like a death sentence. He rubbed his face and thought of Camille. 
She wanted to go back to California. She hated the desert. She had begged him not to take the new commission, to become an airline pilot, and settle into civilian life. The 250 grand didn’t seem to matter to her. A pilot with his background could have made a decent salary anywhere in the world. Kurt couldn’t give up the thrill of the big jets, the feeling of firepower under his seat, or the glory of being a hero. 
Camille didn’t come home until late that night. She smelled of wine as she crept under the blankets. Kurt rolled over and tried to sleep, dreading the next morning. 
He reported to the tech crew and suited up in his mechanic’s smock. The day dragged by through maintenance checks and tightening bolts. His hands grew greasy, and a wrench skidded and scraped his hand until hit bled. He looked down at the black and red flowing over his skin, swearing. He was going to prove he was right. He had to find a way. 
After duty, he slipped into the flight control room and into a computer terminal. He still had clearance for this section and no one took notice of him while he searched through the data files for the streams from the night of the incident. They claimed there was nothing there, but Kurt knew there just had to be something. 
He searched the 3D radar readings. There was nothing. Then he switched on the infrared and video reports, which were sub-cataloged under the 3D radar. They didn’t play live feed to the tower during flight. Kurt played them simultaneously; he saw nothing until right when the craft had become visible over his left wing. There was a clear indication on the infrared recording of an object. Kurt thrust a thumb drive into the computer terminal and uploaded the recording. 
He had his proof. He closed up the console and slipped out of the control room. As he was about to pass through the door, Sergeant Peterson walked right in front of him. 
“What are you doing here, Davis?”
“Research, sir. Of the night of the incident. I can prove what I saw was real.”
“And how can you prove that, Lieutenant?”
“It’s in the infrared recording, for a split second. There is a thermal reading. See for yourself, sir.”
Kurt handed him the thumb drive. Sergeant Peterson grasped it in his hand. 
“Thank you for bringing this to my attention, Davis. You’re dismissed.”
Kurt watched Sergeant Peterson walk towards his office. A hint of fear crawled in Kurt’s brain, but he brushed it away and drove home. 
Inside, Camille stood in the living room surrounded by packed suitcases. Kurt’s eyes bugged out the scene. 
“What’s going on?”
“When did you plan to tell me?”
“Tell you what?”
“You’ve been grounded. I listened to a voice mail from your shrink.”
“And what, you’re leaving me because of that?”
“Well, Kurt. This is just the last straw. You wanted to stay in the service because you love those damn planes so much. Now you can’t fly them anymore. It feels like a massive waste of time. I’m done.”
“You don’t understand. I’ve proved I’m not crazy. I saw the UFO. It’s real.”
“You what! Now that’s just too much,” she said, her voice was hysterical. 
 “They’ll let me fly again,” he said, pleading. His voice rose to meet her treble. 
“It doesn’t matter anymore, Kurt. I’m in love with someone else. I’m leaving you for him.”
“Who!”
“Mr. Nolen.”
“You’re leaving me for your boss!”
“Well, if you have to put it that way, then yes.”
“Oh my God!” He leaned over on the back of the couch for support. 
“Let’s not make this a scene,” she said, hefting a bag past him to the front door.  
He fell down on the couch, his head spinning. Camille continued packing her bags into her car while Kurt stared into space. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t fight. Mr. Nolen! Fucking, wife stealing, lawyer prick. 
Cold air streamed in the front door as Camille stood with the last bag in her hand. He could make out her form in the corner of his eye. He didn’t look at her, didn’t speak. There was nothing to say. Fucking lawyer prick. A tear streaked down his face as Camille shut the front door. 

In the morning, he did his push-ups and sit-ups, and jogged five miles before coming home to take his shower. He dressed and readied himself for work, ignoring his broken heart. 
His name would be cleared. It had to be. Sergeant Peterson would have seen the object in the infrared, and he’d be reinstated for active flight duties, and Camille would come back to him.  
He jumped in his truck and started down the road. As he approached the downward slope of the hill that led to the base, he eased his foot onto the brake. Nothing happened. The truck accelerated into the decline. He pumped his breaks, panic rising in his chest. The road curved toward the right and he tried to guide the vehicle gently into it, but the steering wheel didn’t turn the tires. His truck barreled down the slope at 80mph as he approached the side of the road. Kurt fought for control as panic overtook him.  
The front wheel hit a boulder as the truck slid sideways and flipped over. The air bag pummeled Kurt’s face. As the truck rolled, he was yanked from the seat belt. The front end of the truck crushed down on his leg, and then twisted back down on its tires. When the truck came to a stop, he blacked out. 

Kurt woke to his last day in the hospital, two weeks after being admitted from the car accident. He had given in to the need for pain medication especially after beginning to maneuver from the bed to his wheel chair and later to crutches. 
Each day he got better at hobbling around until he was able to get back and forth from the bathroom on his own. The stitches from this surgery had healed and his ribs were on the mend. 
His leg had been nearly shattered from the crushing pressure of the front end of his truck. Under the haze of medication, he still couldn’t quite understand what had caused his nearly brand new vehicle to malfunction to such a degree. These questions could wait until he was out of the hospital. For the last two weeks, he had filled up on cable TV and morphine, dulling the pain of his leg and the loss of his wife. 
He hadn’t heard from Sergeant Peterson except for a short note that offered condolences for his leg, but he assumed he could take care of it all once he got out. 
The nurse rolled in a wheel chair. “You’re breaking out of here today, Lieutenant Davis,” she said, smiling as she thrust down the break on the chair. The nurse reached out her hands to help Kurt lower himself into it. 
“We called you a cab, Hun. I wish we could call someone to come pick you up. Isn’t there anyone? Your… wife, a friend, your SO?”
“No. No one.”
Kurt hadn’t gotten close to any of the other personnel since transferring to the base nine months before. He definitely was not going to call Major Peterson to drive him home. And he definitely wasn’t going to call Camille.
“The cab is fine,” he said, flinching as she propped his cast in the footrest of the chair. The nurse wheeled him to the elevator while he gripped his few belongings in his hands. He wore a pair of sweatpants cut off around the top of his thigh-high cast that a volunteer had been nice enough to buy for him. The nurse pushed him to the elevator and down to the first floor where they moved through the sliding front doors. 
The air outside was dry and warm, warmer than when he’d crashed two weeks before. Kurt squinted from the bright sunlight on his unaccustomed eyes. A yellow cab sat parked in front of them, its engine idling. 
The nurse opened the door and helped Kurt prop himself up on the back seat and handed him his crutches. Feeling less than graceful, he thanked her. She waved and told him to take care. Regret flooded Kurt’s throat. He’d hated that woman for the last two weeks while she’d been nothing but kind. 
“Where to?” asked the driver. 
Kurt gave him directions to his house, knowing that Camille would not be there. His heart sunk and he squeezed his eyes shut. He would just have to focus on the matter at hand, getting back on his feet and clearing his name so he could fly again. 
When they got there, the cab driver helped him get out of the car. The whole activity left him winded and throbbing with pain. He hobbled to the door and went inside. Mail crowded the hallway, slipping under his crutches as he stepped over it. He flipped on the lights and made his way to the kitchen where he poured himself a glass of water and threw back a pain pill. 
The powdery chill of morphine filtered through his blood. His eyes glazed, and he walked back to the front door to reach for a large yellow envelope out of the pile of mail. Its return address was his department head at the base. He lumbered back to the couch and ripped the envelope open, pulling out its contents. 
He scanned the letter inside reading only snips and parts. Words drifted before his eyes: Honorable discharge, asset to your country, generous severance package… Kurt couldn’t read anymore. He crumpled up the letter and threw it across the room toward the fireplace. It bounced off the hearth and landed with unsatisfying silence on the carpet. 


Chapter Six

Annie Fox sat in her car in the parking lot of the Mt. Shasta National Park, scanning the area with her mind. She could feel the strange man’s energy sitting at a picnic table beyond the line of trees. He was alone. She scanned his mind, looking for clues. 
He wanted to tell her who she was. Didn’t she already know who she was? Actually, she wasn’t sure. Everything before the age of twelve was a blur. Her first memory was of sitting in a social services office with her caseworker. The nervous woman asked her a bunch of questions she couldn’t answer and took her to stay with the first in a long line of foster parents. 
Annie couldn’t remember her mother or father. She couldn’t remember where she’d grown up. She couldn’t remember if she had any brothers or sisters. And she couldn’t remember how she’d ended up in at social services office. She glanced in the rearview mirror. It was her face staring back at her. The face she’d come to know as her own, even though in dreams she was often someone else, similar, but not quite the same. If this guy had answers, it was worth the chance. He wasn’t going to rape her and throw her dead body in the woods. 
She opened the car door and stepped outside. The mountain sunlight fell gently on her shoulders and hair. She flipped her head, letting the breeze blow over her chin and neck, taking in the beauty and sensation of the natural world. Ahead, the mountain loomed under billowing white clouds. Her feet crunched over the gravel trail as she approached the man. He stared into the distance until he noticed her. His gaze fell on her face, and he stood to meet her in the path. 
“You came,” he said, standing awkwardly in front of her. His attire seemed more suited for middle management in an office somewhere than for a national park. 
“Yes, I came. Tell me what you have to tell me so I can get on with my day.”
“Of course, please come sit down. We don’t want to draw attention to ourselves.”
He led her to the picnic table, and they sat across from each other. He pulled a picnic basket out from under the table and unpacked paper plates and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He sat a plate in front of her and gave her a bottle of water. 
“Please, eat.”
“Is this poisoned or something?”
“We don’t want to draw attention to ourselves. This should look like a causal date.”
“Mmkay…” she said, noticing the ring on his left hand. 
Annie took a bite of the sandwich. It wasn’t disgusting, and she hadn’t eaten that morning. Money for groceries would have to wait until she paid her back rent. She opened the bottle of water and took a swig, her eyes focused on the strange man. 
“What’s your name?”
“I’d prefer to stay anonymous.”
“Tell me your goddamn name, or I’m out of here.” 
He sighed and brushed his hand over his balding head. A vein in his temple throbbed, and his lips quivered. Annie could tell he was thinking hard about what to do. She’d made him anxious. 
“My name is Laurence.”
“OK, Laurence, what do you have to tell me?”
“First, I want to talk about your blog. You write posts about your channeling activities. You say you are channeling an archangel named Michael,” he said, making air quotes when he said the world archangel. 
“And?”
“From what I can tell from the content on your blog, your extra dimensional friend is not what one would normally consider an angel.”
“What are you getting at?”
“I don’t know how to say this without alarming you, but you are not channeling a biblical or otherwise ‘angel’. You are channeling an extra-terrestrial.”
Annie spit a mouthful of water onto her pbj and stared wide-eyed at Laurence. Part of her wanted to jump up and run away in revulsion. It wasn’t that she didn’t believe aliens existed, she just didn’t think they counted among her personal acquaintances. Michael was an angel, that is all there was to it. This guy was a nut job. 
“And what makes you think that?” 
“You don’t happen to have an advanced degree in theoretical physics do you?”
“I barely finished high school.”
“OK. Let’s look at a few examples of the information your ‘angel’ channels to you,” he said unfolding a piece of paper from his shirt pocket, “Time is three dimensional, sound can be used for levitation, the atomic nucleus is a black hole, matter becomes infinitely lighter as it approaches light speed. I could go on, but I think you get my point.”
“Actually, I don’t get your point at all. Michael has been telling me these things since the beginning. Even before he told me to move here.”‘
“He told you to move here because the last of the Lemurians live inside that mountain.” He pointed up at the snowy peak. 
“This is insane,” she said, standing. She began to walk back to her car.
“More insane than channeling angels?”
It was to her. She always believed in spirit guides and angels. Everyone in the community did. They were at a higher vibration than humans and didn’t have physical bodies. 
“Yes,” she said, over her shoulder. 
“Ms. Fox, wait. I have more to tell you,” he said, jogging up behind her. The sound of his slick-bottomed shoes crunched over the gravel. She spun around and looked him dead in the face. Her blood pressure rose, she clinched her fists and turned her flushed face to confront him. She did not want to hear this. 
“What!”
“Please, calm down. People are looking. We should go to another location.”
“I don’t want to talk to you anymore.”
“Ms. Fox, you are in danger. You don’t realize who you are. Or who is after you.”
“Just leave me alone.”
She stormed back to her car and got inside, slamming the door behind her. Laurence was right behind her, his frantic face looking down through the glass. She started the car without looking at him. 
“Ms. Fox, open the window.”
She didn’t respond. That window didn’t open anyway.
“Ms. Fox. Annie. Please, I’m trying to help you.”
Annie pulled away from Laurence, leaving him standing in the parking lot. She drove onto the road, her head reeling from what he had said, her entire concept of herself threatening unravel. A bead of sweat trickled down her temple, and her stomach churned. Vast evergreens and the devastating beauty of the mountain surrounded her, but she felt the world crushing in on her. 
She knew of mediums who worked with ETs, but she had always thought of them as outsiders— not the kind of mediums that worked with the archangels, or the spirit guides, or even the dead. ET channeling was a whole other ball game that she did not want to be a part of. 
The trance threatened to overtake her as she pulled onto the highway toward town. She forced herself back into Beta consciousness. It would surely kill her to go into trance while driving. 
It made her think of her son, Aden. He would be left without a mother if she stupidly crashed like that. A mother everyone thought was crazy was better than no mother at all. Wasn’t it? A stifled sob broke from her throat and a big tear slid down her cheek. 
How could she be channeling an alien? It was just too much, too much. Aden would respect her even less. His father would probably find a way to take away the limited visitation she had now, and force her to pay twice as much child support. 
She drove the rest of the way home in a frantic haze between deep depression and manic fury. Once inside her little apartment, she couldn’t relax, couldn’t focus. Stacks of bills lay across the coffee table. The light blinking on the answering machine surely meant the utility company had called to remind her she was about to be cut off. Pacing around the apartment, she clutched her thin frame, willing herself to calm down. 
Her breathing grew deeper and she slid down on the couch. Waves of tension and nervousness rolled through her whole body, but the trance welled up from deep within. Her eyes fluttered closed, her breathing slowed, and her lips parted as the trance crept over her like a thick, warm blanket. Blackness came. Then the dream-world rose around her. The her that was not her, sat up from her body and looked around. 
This Annie was not afraid. She felt none of the physiological sensations that proved so distressing to the Annie in her body. This Annie pondered the new information and assimilated it deep within the subconscious of the body.
Astral Annie took a leap up from the couch and floated up through the ceiling. She had a few questions for her friend Michael. He had always been so kind and helpful. He never helped her with her bills, but she knew he was always there for her. Astral Annie floated up through the atmosphere into the darkness of the vacuum of space. Her mind reached out to the guide she called Michael, and she felt his familiar reply. 
When he appeared, he was the same, but seemed different. His wings were gone. It was as if a filter had been removed, and she could see him for what he really was instead of what she wanted him to be. The white robes were replaced by a silver-white body suit. He floated in the weightlessness of space, his golden face smiling at her like a sun god. 
Greetings, he said, his voice booming in her mind like a thousand orchestras. 
“Hello, Michael. I’ve received some troubling news.”
Astral Annie floated through space in sweeping violet robes. Her hair was longer and fuller and danced around her shoulders and down her back. She could see both in first and third person. Both views looked at Michael, his head shifted as if to reveal more than one face, differing expressions crossing them all. 
Yes. I know.
“Is it true?”
Perhaps. How is one entity different from the other?
“Do you have a physical body?”
We are both physical and astral. As are you. But we know how to use the astral dimensions of space in ways humans have barely glimpsed.
“So you are an extra-terrestrial?”
These definitions are meaningless.
“Why did you let me believe you were an angel?”
Am I not an angel to you, Annie? What is the definition of an angel or even a god?
“I’m not sure. I guess an angel protects and guides and gives gifts of healing and strength. That kind of thing.”
Have I not given these things to you?
“Well, yes, you have.”
Therefore, by your own definition, I am.
“But you have a body.”
Is that a problem?
“I guess not.”
Michael’s face gleamed as he floated in front of the sun and the light flickered in his eyes. Annie wanted to reach out and touch his golden skin. His beauty both enticed and frightened her. His perfection was otherworldly, beyond human understanding. The strong line of his jaw thrust toward her and a smile drew across his full, pink lips. 
He crossed his muscled arms under the thin fabric of the tight body suit as his smile parted to reveal his shining white teeth. The brilliance of his smile made Astral Annie shutter. The realization that this perfect being had a physical form, registered all the way down to her still body, thousands of feet below. 
As if reading her thoughts, Michael floated toward her and put a finger under her chin, staring deep into her eyes. 
I chose you for a reason, Annie. You have the strength of a thousand lifetimes. We have met before.
He leaned forward letting his lips caress hers, ever so slightly, before he drifted into the vacuum of space. His hand held out before him in the universal gesture of greeting and farewell. 
She felt her body tugging her back from the futon, on the earth, where she lived her human life. Her astral form floated down through the darkness, lighted by twinkling stars and the blazing ball of the sun; down through the atmosphere where she could see the curve of the planet for thousands of miles; through the clouds where she could see her city approaching below; down through her ceiling into her dingy little apartment where her body waited on an old futon. 
She broke out of the trance and her eyes fluttered open. The feeling of the angel’s kiss still lingered on her lips— her human lips. She ran her fingers over the soft flesh as if to recreate the sensation. Her guide, Michael, the angel, the extra-terrestrial, was a living breathing man. 
She sat up, her head still light, and slowly went to the kitchen to find something to drink. There was a clean glass in the cabinet, and she held it under the water faucet, leaning on the counter for support. She chugged the water until the glass was empty and filled it again. Her body felt aroused and exhausted. 
Her phone rang, and she scanned for the caller with her mind. It didn’t feel like a bill collector, so she crossed the room to look at the caller ID. It was Aden. She hadn’t talked to him in weeks. 
“Hi Honey. How are you,” her voice immediately took on a mommy tone, cooing and soothing. 
“Fine. How are you? What are you up to?”
“I’ve had some strange things happening lately. But you know me; strange is my way of life.” She tried to laugh, but her voice sounded bitter and sarcastic. 
“Oh yeah. Like what?”
“I don’t really want to talk about it. But I had a good weekend at the annual psychic fair. I think things will pick up for my business. How are you, how is school?”
“School is fine.”
“Are you doing anything cool for the end of the school year?”
“No, not really.”
“Oh, that’s too bad. It’s good to be involved in activities. It keeps you young.” She tried to laugh again, but this time she just sounded worried. 
Aden had dropped out of most of his extracurricular activities since the beginning of the year. She was worried about him, but when she talked to his father, he just made it seem like Aden was being lazy and going through a phase. 
Annie knew that Aden’s father was busy with work and the focus of the household had fallen onto his new wife’s three young daughters. Annie was sure they were sweet and adorable in a way a pimply, fourteen-year-old boy with a bad attitude couldn’t possibly be, but she didn’t want Aden to suffer because of it.  
“Are you still playing guitar?”
“Sometimes. I play with some friends that I skate with. We have this place where we hang out. It’s pretty cool.”
“That’s nice.” She wanted to be supportive, but something about it didn’t feel right. It didn’t feel safe. Her head swooned, and she had to sit down. The trance had taken a lot out of her, and she would need to sleep soon. 
“I’ve got to go, Sweetie. Take care of yourself, and stay safe. OK? I can’t wait to see you in a few weeks. I love you.”
“You too,” he said, hanging up the phone. 


***


Aden hung up the phone and lay down on his bed. He stared at the ceiling thinking about his mom. He missed her a lot, even though he couldn’t tell anyone about it, even himself. Ever since she started talking about that angel guy, things had gotten really strange. 
His parents had been divorced for four years, but it still sucked every day. Having to be with one or the other wasn’t fair. 
He father peeked his head through Aden’s bedroom door. 
“Who were you talking to?”
“My mom.”
“Did you tell her, her check is late?”
“I’m not going to tell her that!”
“OK, OK. Don’t get so excited,” his dad said, closing the door. 
Anger swelled inside him and he flung a baseball at the door, causing a loud smack to echo through the house. He could hear his father yell from downstairs. He didn’t care. His dad could bite it. Aden stuffed some things in his backpack and slipped on his shoes. He crept down the stairs hearing his dad and stepmom talking in the kitchen. 
“It’s some kind of schizophrenia. Or dissociative disorder. That’s what the psychiatrist said. It just makes me worried that Aden is going to inherit it. He’s been acting so aggressive lately. It reminds me of how is mother can get.”
“As long as she sends her checks, I don’t care if she says she talks to Jesus,” his stepmom said. 
“Well, we can’t really count on that. She refuses to get a real job.”
“It doesn’t help that she’s unemployable.”
They both laughed. Aden cringed, anger welling in his stomach. He opened the front door without a sound and slipped out into the afternoon air. He grabbed his skateboard and silently stalked down the sidewalk. When he was around the corner, he jumped on the skateboard, pumping his foot to gain speed. He swerved around a garbage can and jumped off the curb to turn toward the outskirts of the neighborhood. 
They lived on the edge of an industrial area in a suburb of San Jose, CA. Afternoon heat poured down on his shoulders, and he began to sweat under the straps of his backpack. He brushed long strands of dark brown hair out of his eyes as he flew down a hill. His body expertly maneuvered the board, swiveling and swaying to steer and maintain momentum. 
A young girl yelled and waved from her front lawn, and a little dog barked. Aden smiled inwardly, but didn’t look back at the girl. He reached the bottom of the hill where the cul-de-sac ended at a chain-link fence. 
He looked around quickly to make sure no one saw him and pulled back the edge of the fence nearest the ground. It was heavy and awkward, but it moved far enough away from the post to allow his slender body to pass through. Once on the other side, he followed the fence line shrouded in shrubs and the privacy fences of the people whose land bordered the industrial park. 
He cut across a crumbling parking lot until he came to the back of an abandoned warehouse. The rickety fire escape ladder hung about a foot over the ground where Aden could easily heft himself up to climb to the second story. He looked around again to make sure there was no one around and climbed through a busted window. 
In the dim of the second story, he sighed with relief. He’d been spending a lot of time there lately. No one ever even noticed he was gone. When his dad was home, he was with his stepmom or playing with the girls, but most of the time, he wasn’t even around. His dad worked at the same stupid job, that he hated, for the last twenty years. He started working overtime so he could afford to support his new wife and all her kids. 
Aden didn’t hate his stepsisters. How could you hate cute little kids? He just wished it could be the way it used to be—just him and his dad. That’s why he went along with moving in with him in the first place. A few months later, his dad married the stepmom. Now he was stuck with it. 
He thought about his own mom. He hated it when they called her crazy. Aden knew she wasn’t crazy. Maybe she was… eccentric. But he knew, for a fact, she wasn’t crazy. 
He sat down on a beanbag chair he had smuggled in a month ago and relaxed. He took out his iPad, sunk into the beanbag, and flipped on Angry Birds. After a few rounds, he reached into his backpack and pulled out a small metal box. 
He opened it and examined the contents. The green plant matter smelled pungent and intoxicating. He inhaled deeply and picked up the little glass pipe he had bribed a college kid to buy for him. He filled it with herb, lit the contents, and inhaled. He held his breath, and then exhaled, letting the smoke filter through is brain and soothe his soul. 
Part of him knew he shouldn’t smoke pot. He didn’t completely even like how he felt when he was high— kind of stupid and too daring. But it was a balm for the sharp pain he felt every day of his life. He took another hit and relaxed back into the chair. 
There was a noise out on the fire escape, and his heart jumped in his chest. Before he could get up to look, a small face popped through the window. It was Chloe, the girl who’d yelled at him. She must have followed him there. 
“It’s just you.” He breathed a sigh of relief. 
“I’m not just anything,” she said coyly. At fourteen Chloe seemed seventeen. Her body was developed like a young woman, and she seemed to know things Aden could barely imagine. “Are you going to share that?”
“Sure,” he said, hurrying to freshen the pipe. She took it and inhaled deeply. Then let the breath out in a harsh cough. 
“This is good shit,” she said, laughing through the pain. “Where’d you get it?”
“A friend.”
“You should hook me up.”
“OK.”
She moved to sit next to him in the beanbag chair. There wasn’t really enough room for two, but she squeezed in next to him. Aden felt a flush of embarrassment as his body responded. He quickly took another hit to wash away the awkward feeling. He usually didn’t smoke so much. His mind reeled, and he lay back down, letting his legs flail out in front of him. 
Chloe lay next to him staring at the ceiling. Her warm body felt good next to his. 
“What is this place?” 
“It’s my fortress.”
She croaked, laughing and coughing at the same time as she turned over on her stomach to look at him. 
“Do you come here a lot?”
“Whenever I can. Someone has to keep the moat clean.” His eyes glazed and a grin crossed his face. Chloe squealed and giggled, dipping her face into the beanbag chair. Aden leaned over and looked at her long silver-blonde hair, streaming down her back. He wanted to touch it, but couldn’t. 
“You want to see something?” he said, their faces close.
“Yes,” she said, closing her eyes as if waiting for him to kiss her. 
“I’m gonna braid your hair.”
Her eyes popped open. “OK,” she said shrugging. 
Aden focused on the strands of her hair— his eyes burning into the follicles. Three locks separated and lifted into the air. Chloe shrieked, but the locks of hair wove themselves together until a perfectly formed plate flopped down on her back. 
“I don’t have anything to tie it with,” Aden said, he leaned back, impressed with himself. 
Chloe jumped up, pawing at the braid, her eyes huge. 
“You didn’t even touch it!”
“I know,” he giggled. 
“But…”
“And they think my mom is crazy. Imagine if they saw that. They’d probably send me to the psycho hospital.” Aden laughed uncontrollably, covering his mouth with a loose fist, his head thrust back on the beanbag chair. 
“Oh my God! Aden. Your mom can do this too?”
“No. My mom talks to angels.” He laughed so hard his stomach hurt. 
“Holy Fuck, Aden. Calm down. This is fucking crazy. I’m gonna freak out.”
He looked up at her. She held the braid in front of her face as if to reassure herself that what she’d just thought happened really did happen. He stopped laughing and took a deep breath. He probably shouldn’t have done that; he wouldn’t have if he weren’t so high. 
“I’m sorry. Hey, you want me to walk you home?”
“How did you do that?”
“I don’t know. I just did it.”
“I’d better go.”
“I’ll come with you.”
He gathered his stuff and they climbed down the ladder. The sun was shifting toward the western horizon, and dusk threatened to overtake them before they got home. Aden looked around to make sure no one was watching as they ran across the parking lot to the fence line and inched along it until they made it to the opening. 
On the other side of the fence, Aden could see Chloe shaking like she was really cold. He hated that he had just scared her so bad. He wanted to put his arm around her to warm her up, or calm her down, or whatever she needed. He couldn’t bring himself to do it. He could braid her hair with his mind, but he couldn’t touch her. He felt like a total loser. 
They walked back up the street until they made it to Chloe’s house. Her little dog yapped from the front yard. Aden could see people moving around inside the living room through the front window. 
“Hey, please don’t tell anyone about today. OK?”
“Oh, I won’t!” She rubbed her goose pimpled arms. 
“Do you hate me?”
“No. I’m just freaked.”
“Oh.”
“You’ve got, like, superpowers! It’s freaking amazing. But, I need to go chill right now. OK? Later.” She ran through the gate, and the little dog followed her up the front steps of her house and inside. 
Aden was relieved. He liked Chloe, as a person, and as a girl. He just didn’t know what to do about the second part. He didn’t want her to hate him. She was nice, and pretty. He jumped on his skateboard and pumped up the street toward his house. 
The sky was getting darker with every passing second. As he turned the corner to his street, a black helicopter hovered over his house low enough to ruffle the tall walnut tree in the front yard. Aden shielded his eyes from the assault and watched the helicopter lift unto the air and move away into the darkening sky. 
His father ran outside and watched the craft fly into the twilight, his hand over his eyes. He looked dumbfounded at the helicopter as it sped out of sight. When he saw Aden, his face turned from shock to disappointment, but he didn’t say anything. Aden followed his dad inside knowing why the helicopter had come. 
It was looking for him. 
Thank you for reading the first installment of Channeled Contact. Continue the journey with Episode Two. 


Join my mailing list for updates and release notifications: http://skyeronan.com/

Get updates on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SkyeRonan

Stay in touch on Facebook at: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Skye-Ronan/1428637214016643?ref=hl

If you loved this book, please consider leaving a review. Reviews help readers discover indie authors. So if you want to help others enjoy Channeled Contact (Episode One) as you have, please leave a short note. 

I’d love to hear from you. You can contact me at mailto:contact@skyeronan.com


