THE ELDER ORIGINS
Copyright © 2013 by Bre Faucheux
http://www.brefaucheux.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If people would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication
To my mom and dad, who believed in my writing long before I ever did.

PROLOGUE
Fall 1346
Eastern Coast of Future North America
Two miles from the Atlantic Coast
Native American Vam-pyr-ei-ak Tribe
Smoke stirred through the elderly man’s hands. He manipulated it with his every movement. It seeped inside of his tall black deer skinned tent, blending with the night air surrounding it. The two men inside held their eyes shut, communicating with the life inside the surrounding forest. The smoke and mist before them mingled with the fire and seemed to penetrate each breath Kuruk took. He breathed it in, embracing the visions it gave him. 
His people revered him for this purpose. As chief he was expected to care for their well-being, which was why he only trusted his son with what he was planning. Kuruk’s thoughts regarded the distant future, not the present. His long years amongst his people gave him the authority to make decisions that no one else could or would question. The “Elders” as he and his son were called, were respected and feared. Their habits were unnatural, and yet they were created from the Earth. They took from life, but preserved the lives of others. 
Kuruk opened his eyes and gazed upon his son. 
“Is it still so,” asked He Lush Ka. “Do you still sense the white men approaching?”
Kuruk did not immediately respond. He sighed a deep breath and allowed the mist to dwindle into nothing. The fire remained, but the fumes went upwards towards the opening of the tepee. He no longer braided it through his hands.
“You know what you must tell our people,” said Kuruk. “They are to know only what we want them to. No more.”
“Yes, father. They are to know that the white men are coming, and our future must not be determined by their greed. They will pillage our lands and bring an onslaught of disease.”
“Which we know is true,” his father said.
“But not the whole truth.”
“Indeed,” said Kuruk, now looking at his son with full confidence in his choice of action. “They will come, but this small group to approach next spring, they are not of the larger oncoming. Our people must not know that. Otherwise, our future will only be determined by darkness. Now repeat it to me again. I need to know that you understand completely.”
Kuruk stopped to look at his son. His confidence in his son’s ability to keep silent on the matter was unwavering. But he needed to hear him say it once more.
“This small group of white men is approaching our lands to seek refuge. But a larger group that cannot be stopped will come in time. Our people are to believe that this smaller gathering of white men is of the larger coming,” said He Lush Ka.
“And what must be done of them?”
 “They must turn on their own. Only if we destroy the white men will our future be protected,” said He Lush Ka.
“We must consider the well-being of our people in the future, and not only in the present. Do you understand that many of our people will die in this pursuit?” asked Kuruk.
“Yes, I do.”
“And you understand that it is for the better?” Kuruk took his son’s hand, allowing him to penetrate his emotions through touch. He trusted in his son’s silence, and there were no secrets between them. Their guiding words had kept their people safe for generations. And now their words were destined to become the decline of many of their own people. But the understanding was mutual. Sacrifice a few, and perhaps save many.
He Lush Ka stood and left the tall enclosure. He beckoned for those outside waiting to approach. Their warriors were ready for what was to come without knowing what they were truly preparing for. The Elders only meditated for such long periods when a critical decision was being made.
“There is no need for your weapons, men. At least not yet,” he said to them. “But there is a danger we must speak of. My father and I have sensed a future that we must stop before it consumes us all. Do you remember the stories my father told as you grew into men? The stories of how your Elders, including myself, came into being?”
They nodded. Others began to look onward, and He Lush Ka made certain that his voice could be heard by all.
“There are people coming to our lands who must suffer the same fate.”
“They are to become Elders?” one asked.
He Lush Ka stopped and looked at the man solemnly, then spoke. “They are to become a reflection of what happens to men who take life in the pursuit of surviving it.”

Chapter 1
Winter 1347
English Coast 
The height of the Hundred Year War between France and England
Madison was awoken by a coarse smell permeating the air around her. The screams quickly followed. But they were faint, as if they were a distance away. Reaching for her cloth shoes, she quickly placed them on and thrust herself from bed. Jamison was not in the bed directly across from her. Her brother was not even in the cottage. She cried his name but heard no response. Madison touched the handle of the door. It was warm. She had grown used to everything her hands touched being ice cold by this time of year.
Chaos ensued when she emerged from the small confines of her home. Fire was nearly everywhere. Her cottage had not yet been touched by it, but it was only a matter of moments.
“Jamison!” she cried. Lifting her long night dress from the knee, she ran forward and cried his name again. She was only greeted by people yelling all around her. Two children ran passed her. She turned around and saw several people running for the woods nearby. Men grabbed their small children in their arms, their wives in tow beside them. 
Madison looked forward again. She saw the cause immediately. There were men on horseback. Their armor gleamed from the light of the fire, giving them a nearly demonic appearance. The people who had just emerged from their cottages as she had were slain with swords before they knew what was happening. These men were everywhere with torches, throwing them on every home they could find.  Madison had heard that the battles were growing closer, but she never imagined that they would be so bold as to attack villagers nearby. Jamison told her that war was meant for the battlefield, and that armies should never engage in war upon townships and the innocent. Regardless of whether it was noble to keep the fighting from the local towns, these men were not men of honor.
Madison watched, completely frozen in place. People she had known her entire life were either running or laying upon the ground bleeding. She had never seen so much blood. A few bodies had caught fire. She began to cough from the fumes and looked all around, still unable to move her legs. Her cottage was on fire behind her. The wood and clay cracked and crumbled before her eyes.
She wanted to cry out for Jamison again, but feared that these men would spot her. Her eyes began to seethe. She covered them and nearly buckled from the lack of air. Her lungs burned from inside her.
Before her hands could reach the ground beneath her, a sharp pain struck her shoulder. Jamison grabbed her arm and threw her backward. He was nearly dragging her before she picked up her feet and began to run. He led her to one of the cottages that had seen the least of the fire. It was the stables. He took her inside and went for his horse. The porcelain white creature had nearly broken the rope that tied her to the side bar of the stables. She reached for the roof with her hooves and made an awful sound in panic. Jamison reached for the ropes and pulled her down. The horse showed a slight hint of calm when she saw Jamison. He quickly untied her and leapt upon her back. Madison still could not move unless forced. Jamison reached down, grabbed for her below the waist and brought her upon the horse behind him. He forced her to wrap her arms around him and held them there for a moment, making sure that she was securely attached. As tight as she had gripped him on their past rides, she never held on as tight as she did now. 
Jamison yelled at the horse, and led her out the back of the stable. Not even seconds after they had left, it too caught fire. Madison shut her eyes to everything around her. The sounds were enough to create a stain on her memory. Jamison made the horse run faster than he had ever pushed her. But the animal recognized the urgency was immediate. Madison knew it had been aching to run since before Jamison had reached her. The wooded trail he and Madison had ridden through so many times was abandoned. People had scattered everywhere else and the men on horses ran after them. Only Jamison knew these woods well enough to run through them in the dark completely unbothered. Men from behind shouted in French, or at least Madison had thought it was French. She had heard the language before, but it was unknown to her. She had no preconceived judgments of the people until this moment. She had been told to hate them by everyone. Only Jamison had told her not to hold such sentiments against an entire people, and that it was only the armies that fought amongst each other that deserved such blame. She wondered if he still thought so now.
Madison’s eyes quickly began to throb from holding them shut so tightly. She opened them only to see Jamison’s tunic, her head lodged deep into his back. She lifted it long enough to see the distance they had travelled. They were coasting the seashore. Jamison ran the horse on its sands, making it through the mile of thick woods quicker than he ever had. 
The horse suddenly stalled, crying out in disbelief that his master wanted to go farther. Madison only saw for a second what was before them when the horse went onto his hind legs, refusing to push forward. Dozens of wooden ships grazed the sea in the distance.  There were men scattered everywhere along the beach only hundreds of feet away. More men in armor clamored on their horses on the beach’s rocky sands. They were heading in their direction. Jamison doubted that they had been seen, but these were not men that would see the distinction between those from a local township, and those wearing enemy armor.
“Allez,” a man yelled repeatedly in the distance. “Allez, vite!”
The more the man in front yelled, the more men gathered behind him and rode their horses onward. 
Jamison tightened the reigns of his horse and led her backwards. He had no idea which direction was the right way to go. He took the horse to the left and ran her into the woods once more. He had only ever known the trail back to the village, but this time he led her off the path and directly into the woods where they had never ventured.
Madison heard the men coming from behind. They had been spotted. Jamison had no notion of where these thick woods would lead, but he knew that they were the only available option.
Horses came closer from behind. Jamison led them rightward, trying to throw them off their trail. Even though he could hardly see anywhere but a few feet in front of him, the horse seemed to know what lay ahead. She leapt over heights of fallen trees that Jamison did not know her capable of reaching. Madison could hear the men from behind being told something, but could not make sense of it. She only hoped that the horses from behind were too cowardly to make such leaps.
When they reached the edge of the woods, a light greeted them. It was their neighboring village only a short distance away. Jamison often went there to trade, but had no idea that these woods would lead there. He plowed the path near the cottages, yelling for the men who were not even out of their beds yet. His voice attracted attention quickly and men emerged with their wives behind them, still in their night gowns and caps as Madison was. Her auburn hair trailed down the length of her back now, loosened by the horse’s fast pace.
“Awaken, all of you!” Jamison yelled.
The town’s priest emerged from his lodgings. Jamison had known him many years, but he looked at him as though he were a strange intruder.
“What is the meaning of this,” the priest said hastily, seeing Madison gripping his back as tight as she could. The horror on her face and her disheveled hair spoke volumes.
“They are here. The French burned our village to the ground. We lost them in the woods, but they will find this place, I assure you,” said Jamison, his voice reaching heights that even startled Madison. Normally calm and composed, Jamison’s voice now scorched her ears, demanding everyone’s attention. More people came out of their cottages and stared at him.
“Leave, all of you! Now! They destroyed our home, they will come for yours next. They already have the lands west and south of here. Head north. Take your children and run.”
“This war is between the gentility, not us,” said a man from behind. “The lords can take care of their own affairs.”
“In a matter of moments, sir, it will become your affair,” said Jamison. He took the horse’s reigns tighter in his hands and thrust her forward.
Madison saw only open space. They were headed toward a valley. Herds of sheep that had bedded down for the night began to stir as the sound of hooves approached them.
It was a long time before Jamison slowed the horse and allowed her a break. He took Madison’s hands and broke them free from his waist. He slowly descended and took her into his arms. He did not let her go when she reached the ground. Holding her close, he felt her heart racing from under her garments. 
There was nothing for him to say, no comforting words to give her. He only held her. That was all he could do. Their new reality was not yet realized; only the knowledge that their home was gone. 
Madison knew no haven they created for themselves would ever feel safe again.

Chapter 2
Early Spring 1347
Miles from North American Shores
Madison was led down the hall by Jamison’s hand. The walls around her were far too close for comfort. As if the cramped room they shared was not enough for her to feel uncomfortable, trying to balance between the rocking walls was enough to make her panic. Her legs felt unsteady as she walked. It was as if she had forgotten how to properly place one foot in front of another.
“I am telling you with complete confidence, getting outside of that room will do you better than anything in the world,” he said to her.
“I don’t think visualizing how isolated we have become will indeed aid me in any way,” she responded.
“Yes, it shall. You will see.”
A harsh light struck her eyes as he opened the door to the outside and led her up the small staircase to the deck. Her eyes adjusted soon enough, but probably sooner than she would have liked. The sight before her was the one she had been dreading for weeks. Men stood all around her, moving about, making sure the lines were straight and cleaning the wooden surface. She knew that her presence was preferred below decks as they had not taken kindly to the few women who had been brought aboard the ship. She looked down at the wood beneath her feet so she wouldn’t be immediately forced to gaze out from the side that Jamison was leading her towards. His grip on her arm was dragging her along, yet again. The room she occupied had become her own private sanctuary, as dreary as it was and as secluded as she had been during these long weeks, it felt better to her than being outside.
“I would have been perfectly fine through the duration of our journey in the room. I don’t need to see this,” she said in a soft voice.
“Stop this instant. The view is too beautiful for you not to witness it.”
He brought her to the deck’s edge and she slowly lifted her head. He took his arm around her shoulders and waited in anticipation as she saw the expanse of water that surrounded them. The colors within the sky as the sun set and the shimmery lights that cascaded on the water were indeed as he had described them. They were stunning. But the knowledge that no one was around for miles, and that they could be swept away to the darkness beneath them at any moment did little to help her to enjoy the beauty of the sight before her. Jamison merely took her silence as a moment of awe.
“You see now, do you not? It is as if God placed it here just to comfort us,” he spoke into her ear. “He knows we are journeying toward a land of great mystery.  You must have faith now that we are safe. God would not have willed such a beautiful sight if our journey had not been blessed by his grace.”
Madison wished that she had his faith. As beautiful as the sky was, her mind drifted to the impending nightfall. She knew Jamison wanted her to see the sky after dark. He would probably wake her from her slumber to come gaze upon the stars with him. He described the night sky as she had never seen it, with tints of blue and purple, and more stars than one could possibly behold. He had said that the night sky on the sea is unlike the night sky anywhere else in the world. It held mysteries that man has been desperate to uncover for centuries. But she did not want to see it. She could see it in its glory once they arrived to where ever it was they were going. She did not know how Jamison could be so confident that they were blessed in their journey. How could sailing blind by night be blessed? She trusted that the men in charge had a greater knowledge of the ocean’s power than she did. But all their faith was within a god she had never felt the presence of. She looked to Jamison with faith and trusted in him. All she had ever known through their small chapel and their visits to hear the word of God given every week was the sense that she was always committing sins. She had always felt as though her mistakes taught her more of life and how to be kind to others. And those she was meant to follow in guiding her to better faith only made her feel like she was failing. Her sins in the eyes of the men giving sermons were inevitably damning her soul for eternity. She hoped against hope that they only helped to show her a better way to live. But on these waters, she did not feel as though her brother’s will to move forward was toward finding a better way. All she felt was the darkness that would likely await them.
Jamison repeatedly told her that God had clearly meant for them to have a peaceful existence, yet they had to find their own way. He claimed he knew it the moment God had granted him a sister, and that she would be his guiding light.  She knew of no other brother in the world who had been so accommodating and doting upon a younger sibling. And she was grateful for it as most brothers would not see the use in educating and teaching a young woman, particularly one not of noble stature. Yet his faith told him that the land they were headed toward would be one of great prosperity and truth. He placed everything they had built into the hands of this one ship and the others that followed surrounding them nearby. She only knew how to place her faith within him, and that he knew what was best for her. But nothing about the expanse of sea surrounding them gave her comfort.
The air around them was too quiet even with all the men working behind them. The sea was too calm, yet rocky, and the sky was too broad. Any force that lay ahead of them could propel their lives any way it chose. And these forces lingered on her subconscious more than any words of comfort Jamison could give her. Dark forces lived beneath the water’s depth. She knew her brother would not understand this. And she hoped he would never have to.
***
Madison awoke that night hours before dawn with an agonizing pain in her stiff neck. The walls around her appeared closer and closer together each morning. The only way to make things appear even blacker was to shut her eyes. The darkness imitated what she knew lay beneath her feet below the waters the ship floated upon. 
Finally deciding that fresh air was the only way to find any solace this one night, she felt around herself for the edge of the bed and crawled off the thin layer of feathered bedding below her. 
Her feet found the cold surface of wood, but her shoes were almost impossible to feel out. She elected to go without them and pushed the door open next to her bed, leading herself once again up those fateful steps to the decks above. With each step she felt as though she were walking towards some unknown precipice. The gentle breeze swept across her face, and she sighed some relief. The moon lit up the deck and revealed all the men who slept on board the decks at night. She walked through them trying her best not to wake anyone, glad for the little light that the moon provided. She gracefully placed her hands upon the edge of deck just above the bow and squeezed the wood beneath her fingers as though it may give way under her hands. A few weeks ago she would not have dared to bring herself to the ship’s edge by herself, but the feeling of darkness within that room, which before had felt like the only place aboard the ship that she could call her own, had become unbearable. She knew if she were merely caught out in the open in her night robes and bare feet that she would be chastised by her brother. But after all, he had suggested that she witness the night sky at some point.
She gazed out into the expanse of ocean before her. The stars were indeed incredible at this time of night. And the light of the moon laid a gentle glaze over the water, making its depths appear blue. Only a few clouds streaked across the sky before her, just barely out of reach from the stars above.
She had no true idea of what drew her to come out alone without her brother there to hold her hand. Left with nothing but fear before, she now felt that she needed to see the darkness for herself. Something was drawing her attention forward, compelling her to see what lay ahead.
From the corner of her eye, she spotted what looked like a black spot on the horizon.  She was not even sure of what it could be upon first seeing it. She turned her attention to the man resting in his seat above her on the higher deck in the back of the ship. He was meant to look out for anything sinister in nature, but his eyes were closed, his face worn with exhaustion and his mouth hanging partially open. Madison looked back to the spot on the horizon. The frigid air suddenly struck her and sent a chill down her tender skin leaving small bumps along her arms and legs. She could only imagine it was land. It had to be. Men had been speaking days prior of hearing birds singing off from the distance and faint traces of branches and leaves had begun to linger in waters beneath them. At the beginning of their journey she would have reveled in the thought of her feet touching solid ground again for the first time in weeks. Part of her never expected to see land again.
Their journey across the ocean had struck such rumors amongst the ship’s crew that there was nothing to be found in these oceans but death and eternal length of the sea. But the sight of land did not calm her as it should have. And her shivers from cold were not due to the gentle breeze that struck her slender frame. This land was not one of peace as her brother had expected they would find. And the clouds in the sky now looked more like dark curtains attempting to cover something one was not meant to witness.
She could almost hear the excitement that would break through her brother’s voice once he heard the news that land had been sighted when dawn approached. He would undoubtedly bring her atop the ship’s decks again to experience the excitement firsthand. Madison turned and discreetly made her way back to her room and threw the sheet back on top of herself, grabbing it in her tightly clenched fists. She had no desire to see this land again. It would only bring hope to the eyes of the crewmen and her brother. She knew inside not to trust the cries of joy…not to let them fool her into believing that this land would be good to her brother. She continued to sense the darkness beneath her and now which lay ahead. But she dared not voice any of her suspicions, knowing that they would be regarded as a woman’s delusions of danger around every corner. Jamison already told her that she worried enough to embody multiple women’s fears rather than just her own. 
She closed her eyes and tried to let sleep take over the sense of dread. All she could see beneath her eyes was darkness again. The darkness of the room, the darkness of the sea beneath her, and now the dark curtain of clouds that engulfed the land they would soon encounter. Danger lurked all around them, and she knew she was the only one there who could sense it so clearly.
***
Jamison gently rocked his sister’s shoulder awake. She had managed to fall back asleep quicker than she thought she would. Her drowsy eyes met the only source of calm she knew within her current surroundings when she saw Jamison looking down on her.
“Come now. Come. Wake yourself and dress quickly. There is much to see,” he said smiling.
“What is it?” said Madison. It took her a moment to remember that Jamison had not yet seen the sight of land as she already had. 
“Land, my dear. We have finally found land. It is beautiful. You must come see for yourself. And no arguing this time. They will be sending crew to the shores soon to prepare for our departure from the ship.”
“Are they certain that it is safe? We don’t know what inhabits these lands.” she said.
Jamison smiled and brought his hand behind her head, giving her a gentle kiss on the forehead. “Stop this incessant worry. They will be fine, as will we. Today we start our new life.” With that he opened the door behind him and left their small room.
Madison breathed in slowly and removed her blankets, reaching below for her shoes. This time she managed to find them and slip them on without having to graze her hands along the floor of the room. She dressed with haste, but not with the quickness her brother probably imagined she might have. Granted she had already seen this land, she did not feel the need to hurry.
As she stood upon the deck again, she saw the land in a way that she had not expected. It was large now and clear in view, no longer a small blackened space with twilight surrounding it. It was large and rocky with sands beneath the cliffs above. Trees lined the green and grassy moss that fell over the length of the black and grey crags. Sheets of white caressed the bottom where the waters crashed into their firm exterior. The sun hit her back and warmed the soft blue cloth that touched her pale skin. Her mind was slightly more at ease feeling warmth on her body rather than the chill she had felt the previous night. The air around her that had once felt so condemning had a glimmer of hope in it. But she sensed that her newly found optimism was only hope for Jamison’s disappointment not being realized. 
She went to the bow and placed her hands to one side. Jamison took his arm around her shoulders and leaned her to him for comfort. His warmth with the sun behind her forced any sense of cold to abandon her. Even the spray of the sea as waters splattered slightly aboard their small ship didn’t give her chills. She could feel Jamison’s warmth permeating around her, not just in physical form, but spiritually. He wanted her happiness here as much as she wanted her own suspicions to be wrong.
“You will see soon, sister. It will be a few months of building and painstaking work to build our new home. Undoubtedly, this will be rough as our hands have not met hard labor in quite some time. But we will build our own future. We will make this place our own. It is our own now.” 
Madison turned to face him, trying to put her faith in his words. His eyes did not meet hers. Rather, they looked forward, seeing the potential in the land before them. She looked forward as well trying to see what he did so effortlessly. 
“I believe you,” she said, choosing to not let him see into her concerns. “This is where we will rebuild everything we have lost. Soon England will be a distant memory.” 
Jamison smiled again and rubbed her shoulder in reassurance. It was these small gestures that made Madison feel a pain of guilt in her stomach. She knew that as her brother and her only provider that her faith should lie within him, that she should follow him without a doubt in the world and that he knew what was best for both of them. But as their small boat touched the sands and Jamison stepped off, splashing water about from beneath his boots, her fears returned without any yielding. 
Madison set her feet upon the pebbled ground and made her way towards the sands only feet away, all the while never taking her eyes off the forest before her. The two cliffs she had seen from the ship lined the edge of the forest leading to what appeared to be a valley on the other side. Its profound beauty was undeniable. Birds sang around her and looped in a circle surrounding their small boat behind them. Jamison took her hand and led her toward the wooded area before them. She hesitated and pulled back on his arm for a moment as she took in the large scale of trees towering over them, their dark brown and green branches loomed over their heads as if they were pointing to the sea behind them.
“Come now, let us explore a little,” he said.
“Should we not wait for the others? We don’t know what is-,” he cut her off before she could finish.
“We will not venture out far. I only want to see what lay beyond these trees. I see light coming from behind them. Can you not see it?”
“We can see it from here, Jamie,” she said.
“Oh, come now. You are starting to bother.” He tugged her arm by the wrist. “Honestly, Madison, I expect you to be braver in the coming months. You always claim that your sex is not given enough credit. Now prove it.” The fact that he would chose now to keep her true to her principles was almost as irritating as the hand that guided her unwillingly into the forest.
The woods were quiet, although not silent. Any quieter and it may have unsettled Jamison as well. But his intrigue for what lay ahead guided him to the valley they could faintly see through the trees. Madison followed with haste trying to keep up with his curious pace. They came upon the outline of the trees to the grassy valley. A streaming light shown along the skirt of the sides and flowers trailed throughout the grassy ground. It was indeed pleasing to the eyes and well protected by the cliffs towering on each side. They steadied down to the valley and rolling hills just in the distance, and then more forestry along the edges of those hills. It appeared as though this valley had been specially carved from the earth just for their purpose. It was also a fair area to begin building as the stream would provide water. Although, it was still too soon to know if this was their new home. It had to be determined if animals lived nearby for hunting, if crops could be grown, and if there was an area to lookout for protection. For now Madison attempted to take in the wondrous landscape before her, which was truly more beautiful than any sight she had previously beheld in England. Their previous home had become dreary, dark, damp, and colder than she thought possible. And this area was protected from the harsh winds that always left her skin raw back home. Only a light breeze from the sea touched her frame now. The mixture of the scent of the green grasses, the pine, and sea was unlike any fragrance she had taken in. 
Jamison led them to the small stream and took out a small jug that once held wine. He filled it to the brim and stored it back safely into his tunic pocket under his coat. Madison turned and saw others coming through the border of the trees to gaze upon the beautiful colors that spread across the grass running along the valley. Smiles broke across their faces as if all their doubts or fears had suddenly been silenced. 
She glanced over to the other side of the trees opposite her. A slight movement caught her eyes and she gazed heavily towards a small figure opposite her. He was large enough to see, but one could miss him easily as he barely moved. He only observed. He was hardly clothed that she could see and his black hair fell across one shoulder and down the length of his chest just as her own did when she did not have it tied up tightly beneath cloth. And his skin was darker than Jamison’s became in the warmth of summer. But before she could observe anything else about him, he was gone. So quickly that it was quite possible that she had never seen him.
She walked a short distance to the woods and glared into the darkness behind the trees. They were too misty from the morning dew to see anything. And yet she was certain she had seen someone. Perhaps someone else within their party had followed them. But she did not know of any other women on board the ships who had long black hair. She knew not of any man in their party with hair that long or thick either. And his bare chest, she was sure he was only partially clothed.
“What do you make of it? Could you be happy here?” asked Jamison. Madison turned quickly as he broke her train of thought. 
“Yes. Quite happy.” She nodded with a soft smile, her eyes wondering to look closer at the valley beyond them. Perhaps it had been one from amongst their group. There was great reason for excitement amid the crew and the passengers. She could expect some to walk around without the slightest apprehension.
Jamison broke her silent thoughts again.
“Come along. There is much to get done before nightfall. Perhaps some of the men would be willing to explore for food. There must be animals close to shore.”
“I will leave that to you men. Simply bring me whatever you find and I will do what I can for a meal.”

Chapter 3
3 Months Later
Time passed quickly with nothing of consequence disturbing their new home. There was no longer any reason for Madison to feel uneasy. The weather was mild, although they expected that to change and prepared for a bleak winter in the months to come. Living in the harsh cold of England taught them to adapt to almost anything and prepare for the worst should it be necessary. They knew better than to be fooled by the landscape’s lovely appearance upon first glance when it came to preparing for a long winter that was bound to come. 
The clay and wooded logs they found near shore helped to create small lodgings that appeared more like huts. Yet they were as stable as anything they had created in the small townships of England. Any scraps that could be found upon shore were used for roofing and it proved to work well. Madison even admired her brother’s work as he tended to each lodging of the crew. He worked with everyone to make sure each home was up to his own adequate standards. If not better than anything they had previously. Only those of high gentility could build large homes that would survive the rain and brutal wind. Yet these appeared just as strong. Jamison took great pains to make sure everyone had proper stability in their private quarters. Much to Madison’s surprise, he had almost taken on the position of caring for the outcome of everyone’s comfort. He desperately wanted a place in this new village they had formed together and saw it essential to their continuity. He also told Madison that she should do the same and make as many acquaintances as possible. Her silent nature that she took under during their journey would not be ideal for their new life. She needed to know these people and to learn what mattered to them. Jamison said it was not only necessary, but Christian. She was always surprised by his perception of how a proper Christians should behave. Others in England had been shunned and repudiated and sometimes killed in the name of a God she always felt unfamiliar with. But Jamison took this God within himself as a being of light and charity. He never withheld his hand from one who asked for help and did his utmost best to treat others as though they were of his family. Strangers were friends, and friends were family. Although, she knew no one could replace her in his eyes. He often looked at her knowing that she was his only companion. They depended upon each other for that companionship in a way no one outside their circle could alter.
Jamison’s tanned trousers and white tunic were nearly soaked in sweat from the day’s heat as he stood atop one man’s lodging, binding together one of the roofs they had built with a type of thin rope, possibly once used on the ship for the same purpose of binding. His shoulder length dark brown hair was tied behind his neck, pieces of it slipping in front of his light blue eyes, almost translucent in the harsh light of the sun. He had become quite bronzed from working so many long weeks in the heat. He relished the warmth it provided them and took it in as often as he could; not ever having been familiar with such warmth as their previous climate had turned violent with cold. He jumped down from the roof top and landed perfectly on his feet admiring his work as Madison watched nearby. 
She opened her mouth to speak, but then hesitated. She was not sure if Jamison would believe her given that there had been no sign of others on this land for months. Nevertheless, Madison felt certain that they were being watched on a consistent basis. On more than one occasion she could swear that she heard the footsteps of horses walking nearby. She dared not look outside their quarters to see for herself and argued in her own mind that she was just hearing noises of the night. But it was happening more and more. She told him merely of slight movements she had seen in the woods and Jamison insisted it was probably wild animals. If anything, they were a good sign because they would have food consistently throughout the seasons. The animals seemed to like the flowers and grasses that grew in the valley, and they were not afraid of people. Madison thought this odd, and a sure sign that others resided nearby. 
For the most part, she kept her suspicions to herself. 
She felt a slight sense of guilt for doubting her brother’s resolve at times. These new lands were still mysterious to them, and yet he was very self-assured that this decision was for the best. Their group of ships had been so small that the other villagers and people from local townships thought their mission to seek new lands was beyond any practical sense. And yet Jamison accepted that the current circumstances of warfare were too overwhelming to protect Madison.  They had been lucky once, and it would not happen again. 
She hoped that his assertion of what was best for her would not soon translate into deciding whether or not she should marry upon arrival in this new land. Her sole desire now was to make the best of this land as she could.  
Madison’s skin grew tan alongside her brother’s from the warmth of the sun. The stream continuously provided fresh water and animals were brought back from the forests and on an almost daily basis. Her faith began to grow in her brother’s choice. If they had not been near starving and without a home when Jamison met these voyeurs, she would have thought his actions completely irrational, if not irresponsible. Yet her frame had grown slightly in appearance already in a few short months and her health greatly improved. 
Now well-fed, properly nourished, warm, dry and in good company, she felt no immediate need to tell Jamison of the young boy she had seen or her feelings of watchful eyes grazing nearby. 
***
Madison sat up sharply on the pad of bedding that lay beneath her. For the first time in months since the boat journey, her long auburn hair was soaked at the roots and her body began to shake. Whether from fear or the cool night air, she was uncertain. But she knew that a loud noise had awoken her.
She leapt from her bed to Jamison across the small room. 
“Wake up, Jamie. Wake up,” she said as she shook him. He stirred and grabbed for her arm. He tried to sit up, but she stopped him, bringing her finger to his mouth to silence his protest. “No, listen,” she whispered. His eyes wondered away from her. And there it was again, a cracking and then the sound of hooves. A horse whined nearby and a loud crash followed. Jamison sat up quickly and stood towards their small door to peer outside. Then the sound of a man grunting as he fell back to the earth, clearly thrown from the startled creature.
Jamison reached for the closest thing he could, a mere rake by the door and ran outside. A horse bucked yards from him and a man leapt onto its back. It was difficult to see anything except for his back, but there was long blackened hair. The feathers of a white bird draped his backside and his slacks looked similar to the ones Jamison wore; only they were a pale yellow made of skins. His skin was darker than any Jamison or Madison had ever seen. Even with darkness all around, they could see that he was not of their people. And before either Jamison or Madison could witness another feature to his garb or his appearance, he and his horse rode off into the distance. Others in the trees joined him, appearing as no more than shadows in the expanse as they forged ahead into the woods away from them before disappearing. 
Madison stared into the distance along with Jamison, her thin night gown swaying with the quiet breeze. Jamison turned to her with a remorseful look in his eyes. He could not look at her directly.
“This is the first time they have ventured this close,” he said solemnly.
“What do you mean? You knew of this?”
“Of course I knew. I did not wish to frighten you,” he hollered.
“But you lead me to believe that we were the only ones here. You said -,”
“I lied,” he answered quickly. “I knew it naïve to believe that we were the only ones here.”
Madison took a step forward, forcing him to look at her. “Where have you seen them? They have been near before?” she asked him.
“We have been finding horse tracks and human ones close by from the moment we arrived. But they are discrete. We thought they would not bother us. At best, I was hoping they would not find us of any interest.”
Madison shook her head. “I have felt their intrusive eyes upon us before,” she said.
“I know. I saw you staring into the woods. We have all felt their presence. But if we were meant to meet them before, God would have willed it. Perhaps they are merely curious. I hardly think they will consider us a threat of any kind.”
“You don’t know that, Jamie,” she said, her voice steadily rising. “This could be happening all over again.” 
Jamison quickly placed his hand atop her mouth and hushed her as others began to come out from their own quarters. They were clearly not the only ones to hear the commotion as others had daggers and weapons in their hands as well.
“This is not like before, Madison. We are not in a state of war. God wanted us to have this land. He brought us here. These people are merely curious. This land had once been theirs and now they are accompanied by strangers. They want to know of us, that is all.” Jamison ushered Madison inside. “You are indecent in your gown, go inside this instant.” 
Madison stepped away staring at him. “I want to know what is going on, Jamie,” she said eagerly.
“I will tell you all that ensues, but now you must go inside. Go now.” He pointed to the door and would not let his eyes leave her until she was inside. Madison closed the door only enough so that she could still hear all that was happening. She knelt to the ground and waited for the voices outside to tell her everything that Jamison had been keeping from her.
“Jayden, come forth,” Jamison yelled. 
Jayden was holding a lit torch in his hand. “They may not have gone far,” he said. “If we leave now, there is a chance that we can find were they keep for the night.”
“There is no reason to go after them,” said Jamison. “It is dark, we are still unfamiliar with this land, and they have the advantage. There is no moon tonight and we cannot go into these woods with fire in our hands. We will make ourselves known immediately.”
“We can manage if they can,” said Jayden, his powerful voice making it clear that he was ready to leave instantly.
“Do you not hear me? There is far too much risk and we cannot leave our loved ones behind without protection of any sort.”
“You are the only one here with cargo of any value. Thus you can stay behind.” Jayden stared him down and Jamison knew that he was attempting to prove his dominance. Jamison had gained too many allies whilst attempting to help others, therefore making their self-proclaimed leader nervous as to his intentions.
“I have no doubt that you are capable of finding them, Jayden. But what would we be left to do if we did find them or their lodgings? We have not a single hint as to how equipped they are or what could be awaiting us. And our tracking them may be seen as a threat to any cargo as you call them that they may have. And they will seek to defend it.” 
Lyndon, the captain of their voyage chimed in. “He is right, Jayden. Nothing can be done until morning,” he said. “Their tracks will still be fresh when the sun rises. And even then we must tread softly so as not to alarm them.”
Jayden may have seen himself as the leader of the expedition, but Lyndon’s word of action was the one everyone listened to.  He never led the crew astray and kept the previously lengthy journey safe from anything malicious that could come upon them. And although stern and forcible in tone and features, he was the only one within the group that had treated Madison with as much kindness as her brother had. He was respected, and his words would last them all until dawn.
“There is little point to this. Back to your quarters now, everyone. A few of us will set out as soon as we are able,” said Lyndon. He threw his lit torch into a bucket of water lying a foot from him and walked back to his lodgings.
Jayden was left there to stare about within his protesting thoughts as Jamison came through the door. Madison hardly had time to stand and back away as he did not make a sound walking to the door.
“How long have you known of this? I was left to believe that my mind was seeing things and you knew all along.” She stood there staring him down. Madison was the only soul who could humble Jamison with her eyes. He closed the door and looked upon her almost shamefully.
“I knew there was a chance of this, but they have done nothing to…”
“Tell me when you noticed them, Jamie,” her voice nearly as firm as Lyndon’s had been.
“Since the day we arrived.”
Madison fell back to her bed clutching her stomach. “And you thought it best to say nothing?”
“No, I thought it best to search the area before we plotted our home here. We scouted the woods and did not find anyone for miles before making for the shore again. There were tracks and signs of life here all around us. But then we found an arrow with blood on it. We figured it was from their recent hunts.”
“So they have weapons?”
“Of course they have weapons, Madison. What people do not have weapons of some sort?” He stepped closer to her. “If they meant us harm, they would have done so already. They would never permit us to begin building if we were so unwelcome.”
“Or perhaps they saw fit to simply watch and know of us before coming with force.” Madison stared at the ground. She could visualize the home they had built coming down upon itself as her previous home had. 
Jamison sighed and sat on his bed. “I will not give into such thinking before knowing more about them. They are beings without our God and they can conceivably be taught of our ways. If we welcome them with open arms the way our lord intends for us to, then we have nothing to fear.”
“The men who took our people with swords and fire were men who knew God.”
Jamison scoffed. “Not our god! They worshipped nothing but a vengeful being who they thought sanctioned all their evil doings and encouraged their pillaging of the innocent. These people have not been exposed to such evil and we must not judge them lest we judge ourselves. Do you understand?”
Madison simply covered herself with her blanket and lay down. She nearly turned away from him in frustration, but she didn’t want to anger him further. She yearned for the faith in mankind of all features and cultures as Jamison possessed. But she always found herself in doubt. And recently, in a consistent state of distress and anxiousness. She told herself time and time again that it was simply memories of that fateful night coming back to intrude upon her mind. Now she wasn’t so convinced.

Chapter 4
A few men set out at dawn as expected. Jamison tried to argue for Jayden staying behind to tend to the hunting for the day, but he would not hear of it. Jamison feared what he might do, but knew that his skills in tracking animals would be useful. There was no man better for the hunt or for the maintenance of their lives in the community they had built when it came to their food source. Jayden had successfully conditioned everyone for any circumstances they could encounter, proving he was quite valuable. Yet his presence demanded the attention of everyone without his having to speak a word. He was almost feared. Not for aggression, but his features and disposition. He was tall but not overbearing, strong but not overpowering. Madison knew when he stared at her that he saw straight through her. He saw through everyone. It made him one of the strongest of the group, and still one of the most frightening in Madison’s eyes. It seemed as though he never looked at anyone. He saw only what use they had.
Madison feared Jamison being out in the wilderness with him. She knew that Jayden had nothing of a violent resolve, but she was still unaware of how capable he could be persuaded to it.
They did not return until nightfall, when Madison had just finished preparing the evening meal. Their late hour had her wondering if they were to make camp elsewhere in their quest to find these people.
Jamison dismounted his horse. It was one of the few they had brought with them across the seas. She obediently stood in place as he walked toward her, rubbing his chin in dismay and looking to the ground as he walked. He did not meet her gaze until he was a foot or two before her.
“What did you find?” she asked.
“Nothing but tracks and traces of their hunting grounds, a little animal blood from their recent kills for food, and droppings of feathers like we saw from their garments. That was all.”
“Jayden used the entire day for tracking and truly found nothing? Did he ever get separated?”
“Of course not, why would you think that?” he inquired.
Madison spoke in a hushed tone. “Are you sure he would tell you even if he did see something of note? He seems as though he would want to observe them on his own. He clearly does not think anyone else here capable.”
Jamison knew that it was likely. No one knew for certain where Jayden went for his hunts and rarely did he require the assistance of others until he came close to their camp with his kill in tow.
“He may know more than he has led on, but he was the one who first brought the attention of others to the fact that we are not alone here.”
“But you said that you noticed our first day here,” she said.
“Yes. But others were not aware. Jayden spoke of it quietly to Lyndon, and then Lyndon to me. Our suspicions were confirmed when we regarded one another’s sightings.”
Madison turned and took to the meal again, watching it over the fire Jamison had carefully taught her to build.  Jamison sat on the log beside her as she prodded at the meat over the flames.
“So we wait until they make an appearance yet closer whilst we sleep?” she said.
Jamison had no response. 
“There is nothing that can be done just yet,” said Lyndon coming up from behind Jamison. He looked at her in the eyes as he spoke. “Until they decide whether we are of gentle means, we cannot make a move against them. The least we can do is make ourselves more familiar with the area and know these woods as best we can should they approach us in an untoward manner.”
Jayden sat with them and started to carve at the meat before Madison had given her blessing that it was prepared. He had little regard for manners or Madison’s territory over the meals. She thought it best in fact to not enquire further as to what they found. Each seemed to be lost in their thoughts. Jamison appeared nearly bleak in his prolonged staring at the burning fire. She took their lengthened silence as exhaustion from an entire day of riding and continued to serve, and then clean from the meal. 
Over time Madison had grown quite comfortable with taking their cooking tools and cutlery to the sea for cleansing on her own. Each day she ventured just slightly farther away from their shelter to make herself more at ease. The men ventured out together and occasionally she went with one of the few other women who treaded the great journey with their husbands. She had grown weary of them always asking why she came by passage with only her brother and not a husband. She responded that she intended to find one amongst the group, but she had not yet the time to know anyone as they had been working hard to build a new home. This seemed to satisfy them, although she knew not how she could have been expected to grow an acquaintance with anyone. She only managed to get on the decks of the ship when accompanied by her brother as the women were often scolded whenever they left their quarters. Their presence was made to feel like a sort of intrusion of a male world.
Madison drew the hem of her skirt to her knees and held it between them as she dipped the cutlery into the waters to soak them properly. Her hands burned from having been so close to the heat of the open flames from the cooking meat and then making contact with the salty water. 
Above her, she heard a flock of birds urgently making way to land. Their cries echoed between the pillared crags on either side of her. A strong breeze came from overhead and drifted down towards the sea. With violent strength it blew her hair from the cloth she had meticulously wrapped it in and threw it behind her head. It came with such force that she nearly lost her footing, but she could still see the movement of the wind before her as it sent water rocking back and forth. She took one hand to the ground allowing her hem to fall and dropping half her cutlery in the water. What had just been warm water turned to ice within seconds and sent a sharp chill throughout her body. A pain in her back erupted from the drastic change in temperature and she let out a gasp. 
Gathering herself together, she forgot the cutlery as she saw the wind push behind her to the trees. The forest bent and curled so dramatically that the timbers looked as though they could snap. Her hair blew in front of her face covering her view. She took her hands to grab for it to see what was happening. The trees had begun to break apart and were crashing to the ground. Shards of wood flew into every direction as if each branch and log had been struck with the power of lightening. Madison threw herself down and into the water. She knew it would not protect her, but it was the only defense she could think of. The debris fell about in needles of wood wafted through the air. Debris was everywhere and what had once looked like a patch of trees down a wooden path to her valley was now nearly destroyed. An enormous crack sounded from the trees and crashes of thunder rang sharply in her ears.
‘Jamison. ‘
Her thoughts immediately ran to her brother, who no doubt was still by the fire. What was left of the thick wooden trees had gone flying in the direction of their lodgings. She knew they were not built nearly strong enough to withstand these kinds of winds. This gust put all the English winds to shame. It almost didn’t even feel like a wind. Rather an explosive force. The earth felt as though it was shaking beneath her and the waters were slapping her face as she tried to stand. She faltered several times before managing to get on all fours and forcing her way up to her feet. With each step she took she felt as though she was being pulled back. She yanked up her hem and ran as hard as she could, determined to stay level. 
The shards of wood on the ground were thick and sharp. Many of the trees were broken halfway and still standing straight up with jagged edges pointing to the sky. She climbed over the heavy broken branches and tried with every muscle not to fall as the earth appeared to shake. She could feel her heart beat throughout her entire body. It was quaking along with the ground. Fighting over the shards and trying not to grab for anything that could potentially cut or splinter her, she held tightly to her hem. Her dress and hair were matted to her face and body. The weight of the fabric slowed her down more and more with each step. But she continued to move quickly, only to freeze once again at the vision before her eyes.
The fire that had just moments ago warmed their cool bodies caught several of their homes on fire. Men ran everywhere gathering fabric and the water they had to stop it. The women stood trying to treat one of them who had been struck through the chest with a sharp branch. But it was clear to Madison that this man’s spirit was no longer within the confines of his body. He had left it the instant the piece of wood had protruded him. Jamison gathered the few horses they had and lead them outside to the stream for safety as others followed to collect more water. The debris lay everywhere upon the ground making it difficult for anyone to move with haste. Everyone had gashes and scraps, some worse than others. The air began to clear of debris as it fell to the Earth. She could then see that this man had not been the only victim of nature’s wrath. 
Once Jamison had the horses lead away, he spotted Madison and ran for her. She remained frozen at what she saw sprawled out before her. Jamison reached her, grabbed her arm and forced her towards the thick stream. The debris that had reached the ground was now adding to the growing flames. They seemed to trail them. Madison yanked her dress up again and ran as fast as she could. Her legs burned from trying to rush over the debris of trees behind her. The earth that shook beneath them now started to tremble and they both fell hard into the ground. Madison curled up and tried to cover her head, fearing the trees that remaining on either side would come down upon her. Jamison rolled over atop of her and protected her as best he could. All Madison could do was close her eyes, her hands were over her ears to deaden the sound of men and women screaming and their homes crashing to the earth. The fire spread to the grasses and quickly began to move around them, the smoke clouded Jamison’s lungs as he coughed into Madison’s back under him. Madison felt everything that had happened in England beginning to take hold again. 
Jamison reached for her dress and made her run for the stream. He jumped into its depths and brought her along with him, hoping the waters might provide the little shelter they could find from the fire. They both sat up from the water and watched as their home burned from just beside the waters. This time it was Madison who reached for Jamison and took his hand in hers as she began to trudge through the waters of the stream. They ran through the waters covering their mouths and others started to follow as the horses ran in the same direction. There was no-where to hide now from the fires engulfing their newly created home. 
The stream began to deepen as Jamison was pulled Madison’s weight through it to keep her from falling. They gasped for a breath, struggling to get through the water. The air was finally clear from the smoke that had nearly covered them in the stream. Only a handful of survivors left to trek up the hills behind the valley until they reached the top. Madison allowed herself to stop and look behind them to see the others following. Many collapsed nearby in exhaustion and desperate for the clear air their lungs heaved for. It was only then that they noticed the ocean waters had taken complete control of their village. It overtook the remaining trees lining the path where their homes had been only a moment ago. It rushed in with speed to extinguish the harsh flames. In seconds a hissing noise that could be heard from the top of the hills. For a moment, Madison feared that they would have to continue running down the length of the hills above the valley to escape the waters that appeared to be rising even higher. But it stopped at the hillside’s edge. The crashing of the water sent a backlash wave towards the other end of the valley and through the trees to the sea. It took with it everything they had built, every soul they had lost, all the debris from the trees and plunged it into the ocean. They watched with squinted eyes from the smoke still lingering and the dark skies to see what was happening. The stars left minimal light, but enough to witness the shattered landscape.
Madison turned around to see the remainder of the ongoing hills behind them. All appeared still and calm, almost harshly so. The sea’s wind and waters had taken from Madison everything she knew back into the dark nadir of the ocean. She stumbled to the ground and stared at the opening between the two crags to the sea. There were no more heavily forested trees barring their valley from the sea’s gusty winds. There was no more protection for them. Their only possessions now were their horses, a couple jugs draped around their necks for carrying water and the few weapons the men had on their waist belts.
No one spoke for what felt like a minutes. There was nothing to be said. Lyndon took hold of the three horse’s reigns and handed one to Jayden and one to Jamison. He led the way down the hill and into the lands Jayden had only ventured a number of times in search of food. The animals grazed there so rarely that he hadn’t explored farther as the woods were the main area the wild game enjoyed. Now it was their only refuge from the sea and its vengeance. 
Jamison held one hand onto the reigns of the horse and his arm around Madison’s waist, guiding her along. He had been certain from the moment that the giant wind had struck their camp that it surely took his younger sister with it. He could visualize the instant he saw the others with shards of wood in their limp bodies that Madison had the same fate. He expected to find her with a piece of a tree through her as if it had been a spear held by one of the French horsemen who had burned their village to the ground. Now he could not let go of her. Madison did not try to get away from his supportive grip. She felt as though she may fall from the weight of the fabric on her lean figure if he were not holding her up. 
Madison only thought of how she would never see her home ever again. Not just the small area they had grown to call their home, but England. The ships had been taken by the sea along with their smaller boats. The loss of the woman and several men who had been killed by the trees that flew through the air, all their food, their supplies, the voyeurs notes and studies of what they have developed and found in this new land, their homes of clay and logs. It was all gone. There was no more ‘home.’ A group of the men and the other one remaining woman lay in the grass trying to recover. Their clothes served as the only blankets of protection between themselves and the ground. Blood matted some their clothing from the shards that had shredded the sky of all their belongings. Others held closely to their arms or legs that had been burned from the fire as they tried to save whatever they could, which proved nearly impossible. They were fortunate to have saved the horses, although they had no way of feeding them and the stream for water was no longer accessible.
“Nothing can be done until morning,” said Lyndon. “We rest now and treat our wounded. Tomorrow a few of us will go back to collect anything that can possibly be salvaged.”
“Nothing can be salvaged. If the fire did not destroy everything, then the water took what was left far from our reach.” Jayden’s voice buried any hope there may have been for collecting materials that might be left. “We must move forward. Find shelter near any waters we can. We never found the source of the stream. We’d best find it by tomorrow before we die of thirst. Then gather what food we can. Food and water are the only things we should worry of now.”
“And what of our wounded?” said a member of the crew. “They cannot make such a journey.”
“We can use the horses to transport them if they are at all able. We will make trips back and forth to collect as many as we can and move them toward whatever descent waters we find.”
Lyndon nodded in agreement. “With the game we have managed to find there must be more water nearby,” he said.
“If this didn’t frighten them away,” said Jayden.
Lyndon was silent for a moment.
“This is dire, indeed, but not hopeless,” said Jamison. “If the natives here can live off the lands, then we can learn to as well. We have enough men who have knowledge of the wooded areas and the hunt to sustain us. We simply need to find adequate shelter and water tomorrow.”
Madison looked off into the woods they spoke of. They were in the distance marked only by a dark line of uneven trees, barely visible in the backdrop behind the remaining smoke from the extinguished fire. Her eyes burned and her throat felt raw from breathing in the smoke, but she could still make out the light from deep within the woods. It was faint, but it was there, almost as if it was floating through the woods along the length of the valley. Instinctively, she knew the natives were watching them. Had they seen the disaster take place? Had they watched? Against all hope, she longed to know if they were merciful beings. Would they help them knowing that their chances of survival were nearly depleted? Or would they watch as they disintegrated from existence.
Madison met eyes with Jamison beside her and glanced towards the woods. He noticed the torches moving slowly through the trees as well, although he looked subtly so the others would not see his attention leaving the conversation. He nodded his head to Madison to signal his understanding that they were not alone. But he would not speak of what the two of them had seen until the next day. He figured that if they were in any danger from the natives, and if they were truly hostile, their position now was in the open. Their group was at its most vulnerable. If ever there were a time for these natives to claim their territory as their own and no one else’s it was now. Yet the men in the woods made no advance toward their weakened faction. They simply moved across the length of the woods and then disappeared into the forest, leaving no trace that they had been watching from afar.
Madison kneeled on the ground, her knees digging into the dirt. She tore from the hem of her long garment to wrap a young man’s arm. It was sliced almost to the bone and small pieces of wood stuck out from his skin surrounding the wound, the flesh around it burned. There was nothing she could do ease the pain that he undoubtedly felt. Others were hurt worse and he dared not cry out as she took the wooden splices, gently as she could, from his skin. The rope that had been around her waist holding her dress in a dainty female form had been removed in an attempt to create a sort of sling for another man a few feet away. The other woman nearby managed to escape with only a small cut above her eye while it was clear that others may not make it through the night. 
Their party upon their few ships had started with nearly forty men and three women were now left to almost twenty. It was suspected that those who had not been consumed by fire had been dragged away to sea. And their ships, the largest in scale she had ever beheld, had been stripped from them. The original voyeurs who had taken all their knowledge of ship building and all those possessions they owned into creating this venture were down to seven from the original fifteen in their group. The rest had simply been looking for work or a better way of life. She stood and walked to Jamison who now rested on the ground after caring for the wounded he thought could be treated.
“I think the three on the end there may be gone by morning,” he said without looking at her. “The others have wounds I don’t know if I can rightly treat.”
“You have done all you can for them,” she said softly. “It lays in God’s hands now.”
“Does it?” His voice was stern and unlike his usual manner. 
“He will guide us to safety tomorrow. I’m sure of it.” She was not willing to let him give up even if she knew as well as he did that things could become far grimmer the following day. It was the first time she had been the one to comfort his fears for ages.
Jamison sighed as he looked to the ground, his hands crossed over his legs as he stared into the open hills before them. The cool breeze made his clothing cold to Madison’s skin as she touched his shoulder and knelt down beside him.
“I don’t see God’s hands in this anymore,” he whispered.
“How can you of all people say such words?”
“I spoke with Jayden. The things he said he saw back there, they were of no God.”
She waited for him to continue speaking. He appeared too lost in thought for her to interrupt.
“I thought I saw it myself, but I was not sure,” he said finally. “I thought it was the gust of wind that forced the fire to spread. But it had dwindled when we put out our fire rings. Only a small trace of the flames remained. The wind should have taken it down completely, not spread it.”
Madison was not sure what he meant. Surely it was possible that the remainders of the fire could have set the grass to burn. 
“The flames burst from the ground, Madison… as if the fires of hell had reached up from under the earth.” He paused and she leaned forward to see his face. There were tears forming in his eyes. In all her life she had only known her brother to cry perhaps twice. He was not one to allow his emotions to be seen by the likes of anyone. 
“Jayden saw the fire as I did,” he continued. “I am sure others saw it as well but have not spoken of it. A force purposely set our homes to flame. The wind was of no normal strength and took as many as it could. The fires set to finish what the wind could not. Then the water, it chased us. It chased the remainder of us when the shaking grounds beneath could not trap our legs.” He stopped for a moment before continuing. “We were not meant to survive this. The sea was meant to take us. It’s as if we were willed back from where we came.”
“Jamie, you of all people do not believe in such things. You have told me for years not to believe the words of others, especially when they attempted to tell me of the magic that beheld the world. You told me that only God can be looked upon for answers to things we do not know. And you condemn every man who was to look at a soul as if it were of a mystical nature. You said that these mystics exist within Gold alone and not in forms we can see in this world. And that man had been misguided. Jayden speaks of things he does not understand as you do.”
“This is not of what I believe, Madison. It is of what I saw.”
“You were tired from the day’s journey. I am sure you simply saw the flames from the sparks remaining in the fire.”
Jamison looked again over the horizon. “We will know soon enough.”
When dawn approached, Madison had only taken in a couple of hours of rest. Jamison lay at her side. They both grew chilled in the night air with nothing to cover themselves. Madison lifted her head from Jamison’s shoulder, his body attempting to keep her warm. She quietly lifted herself and walked to the deeply wounded a few yards away from where she lay. They had stopped crying and whimpering from the pain. Perhaps it was the sudden silence that had stirred her. She leaned forward to feel for a heartbeat on one of the young men. There was none. She listened harder for a sign, some breath of life. The air around her went hollow with the silence. She carefully checked the others. Their numbers were now down to a mere sixteen.

Chapter 5
There had been no sign or sound of animals for days. One man spotted a deer the morning after their small community was brought to the ground, but nothing had shown itself since then. The air felt far too still. The breeze of the sea was gone and the only thing Madison heard outside the voices of others was that of crumpling grass. Twigs broke under her feet as her light step breached the solemn ground. The earth had not stirred again, the sea was in an unsettling state of calm, and the sun had disappeared behind grey clouds. She began to wonder if these conditions were a reflection of her own emotions. Everything was hushed and bleak.
Jamison found a source of water for the group. He brought what he could from the jugs that remained around one horse’s neck and everyone took turns drinking only small sips to conserve some for those who were worse off. Many remained ill from their injuries that were slowly turning into fever. Their movements were restricted as Jamison and Madison took turns going to the stream. Fetching water was the only break they got from looking upon the dead or dying.  
Jayden and Lyndon along with a few remaining members of the crew started to build a small sort of shelter by the stream that they suspected fed into their previous one. Their resources were next to nothing, but they placed logs and thick branches atop a nearby setting of rocks for shelter. They layered them and tried as best they could to create something when there was nothing.
Madison’s hands were warmed by the sensation of the water running through them in the stream. She let the water run across her fingers and over her wrists, enjoying the sensation of it touching her skin. It strangely tingled every nerve, but she thought nothing of it. Even if this water was not completely in well form, it was their only option.
She brought some up to her lips and let the tingling into her mouth and down her throat. Its warmth felt good on her insides as it touched her throat. She gently patted the back of her sweat soaked neck before taking more water to her mouth and savoring her fill of it. She needed to stay satisfied if she were to make more trips to the stream and back to the area where more wounded and sick lay dying. 
“We need to move our injured here. We can’t expect Madison to keep making these trips back and forth,” said Lyndon.
Jayden however seemed to like to idea of her doing the work for them. “Jamison helps her enough. And better she make trips than transport those who may die in the process of being moved.”
She knew that he spoke with her in ear shot intentionally. 
‘Have I not aided in the preparation of every meal that you have consumed here, sir?’
“That is not the point. We are not safe out in the open as we are here,” Lyndon said harshly, growing tired of everyone expecting Madison to begin carrying twice her own weight simply because she was there.
“Do you think us safer somewhere else?” Jayden spat through his teeth. “We would have no proper way of seeing others headed in on our camp.”
“They would have done so already. They obviously have little to no interest in us,” said Lyndon. He had also grown quite frustrated with Jayden’s sparing of words. “We need to be closer to the stream, at least for the time being.”
“We cannot move more of our sick with only our three horses who have taken ill as well,” said Jayden.
“They could make it farther if we helped them.”
Jayden didn’t even feel the need to respond. The way this man before him made decisions based on what he thought people capable of while answers appear directly in front of him was as frustrating to Jayden as the situation itself.
“Then you move them. Or let them rest in peace for the remainder of their lives, which should not be long. The choice is yours,” said Jayden. His voice was harsh without even raising it. The way he spoke made it sound as if the right choice was the obvious one. 
The shelter they built wasn’t for the sick. Jayden built another shelter near the stream as Lyndon had ordered, but saw no use for it so long as the sick couldn’t be moved. Lyndon saw it as a means for those who lived long enough to make the mile long journey to it. It took Madison several trips with Jamison to remember the route to the stream correctly. Her nerves were fully aware of all around her as she walked it by herself. Jamison trusted her enough to make the journey alone, which gave her confidence even though the only sound within those woods was that of her own movements. 
Twigs and leaves moved and crackled beneath her feet as she made the trek back to where the sick lay. Jamison was there doing everything he could to comfort them. Birds no longer sang for her and the smaller animals did not run from her as she walked as they normally would. It was almost as though they had all cleared since the disaster struck their new home. Each time she hiked through the damp woods, she felt the skin on her feet begin to peel and possibly bleed from lack of protection from her shredded shoes. Yet within moments of resting and kneeling on the ground to give water to the wounded, she felt her feet recover almost instantly. As if being off of them for even a moment was the only reprieve she could offer them. When she took off her clothed shoes for the first time since that morning, they weren’t blistered or even peeling. They were in the same condition they had been in that fateful day.
Her stomach hadn’t growled for some time. She expected it to be in torment soon. But the water appeared to give her all the satisfaction her body needed. The others who had not fallen ill found it quite sustainable as well. The sick however, begged for any scrapple of food that they could possibly find. Jamison suggested that there may be fish in the stream, but they hadn’t found any or seen a shadow suggesting their presence lurking within the water. 
Jamison took Madison by the arm and gently led her away from the sick and the others sitting by the fire ring they built, although no food burned upon it. Men simply stared into it, knowing their eventual fate was as disheartening as those who lay behind them.
“I think we will lose more by sun rise. The woman’s breathing is shallow and quick. The others are just as bad and their hearts are racing,” he said in a low and hushed voice.
“I brought them the water. Perhaps we can make it last for the night to sustain their comfort.”
“I’m not sure they could drink it. The woman is so ill she nearly fell asleep in my arms. I don’t think she has long.”
Madison hung her head. She tried to stop tears from breaking the composure she had managed to keep contained for so long. But the tears never came. They could do nothing for their dead but place them in the woods far off and cover them with dirt and long thin branches. Their efforts couldn’t even give them a proper Christian burial without tools. She lifted one hand to her face in a vain attempt to stop tears if they were to come. Jamison took her to his chest and held her there, grasping the back of her head and stroking her hair.
“Did you see any animals while you were away?” he asked her, continuing to stroke her head.
“No, there was nothing. How much longer can we go without food?”
“I am shocked we have managed as long as we have. There is no sense to it. We should be famished by now. It has been days.”
She moved away, almost embarrassed by her moment of weakness. 
“It must be the shock from it all,” he continued. “I’ve known myself not to eat as much when discouraged.”
They were interrupted by Lyndon and Jayden’s return and Madison quickly went toward the fire expecting tears to soon come. And yet she already felt herself beginning to calm. 
She sat in front of the fire they built and gazed upon the other seven who sat around it. She passed the remaining water around and watched as they took a couple sips each and passed it down the circle. 
‘These men had barely a drop of water in hours. Jayden and Lyndon told them to quit working hours ago.’
Their work had started early in the day. Perhaps their fill had been taken during the day’s work. But their lack of food… the men did not appear the faintest bit tired from the work Jayden had them do for gathering wood and anything usable for shelter near the stream. And their hands… perhaps they had also cleaned them in the stream. Yet they appeared as they had not touched a single day’s work since having been there. Madison had attempted to help their aching joints, hands, and feet in the past by providing buckets of warmed water for them for soaking during their first months after arrival. She decided to dismiss it as she heard the labored breathing of the men and the woman only a few feet behind her. They had no cloth to wrap them in to protect from the cold. Though they did not appear to need it as they were sweating to the point of soaking the only clothes they wore.
‘We may not survive this to the morning either if we do not find a way to keep warm. If thirst does not take us, the night’s cold will.’
This night air was crisp, that much she was aware of. The fire kept her warm as she sat amongst the men. 
‘The curiosity of the natives watching us shall be short lived. ‘
Her thoughts were the only sound she heard other than the fire before her. 
‘Death shall take us all soon.’

Chapter 6
Their bodies went from one extreme to the other; one side searing hot from the heat of the fire and the other cold from the brisk chill of the air behind them. Madison felt as though the cold were death surrounding the souls of those lying just behind her as she tried to rest on the hard ground. The sounds of their labored breathing had gone quiet from sleep and she found herself wishing that a noise would stir them. The silence was a confirmation that the others were likely dead.
She sat up while there was still a light blue haze over the sky from the grey clouds above. The sun was rising, not that she could see it. The bodies of the horses and the companions behind her she had once called her neighbors didn’t move. Their lungs didn’t reach for the more air, and she didn’t feel the immediate need to check them. She would wait for Jamison to wake. Better he rest now rather than try to comfort her grief. 
Her limbs quickly began to recover from the stiffness of sleeping on hard grass. She would have thought her back side would be burned from the fire’s warmth as she slept near it, but her skin felt fine as she stood. Not even the cold bothered her as it once had in the cool brisk mornings.
Her eyes skimmed the line of trees far beyond the bodies that lay before her, as if she were searching for the being who took their souls. She saw no spiritual presence, only three strange men on horses just outside the tree line.
They stood just before the forest, staring at her… staring at all of them. Their horses were covered in decorative red paint, made to look fearsome. There was some kind of fur draped around their backs. A headdress of feathers was mounted upon each of their heads. Their faces were dark and hadn’t the slightest semblance of sympathy for what they saw before them.
Madison couldn’t imagine what kind of people they were, or what she had done to offend them. The few they had left lay dying or dead and these people had not aided them whatsoever. They watched as she helped pile away their dead and after their small gathering was swept away. 
‘What kind of people watch such a thing and do nothing to help?’
Madison stood suddenly, unafraid of the men who stared upon them from a distance. She cared not if they saw her. She knew death awaited her in one capacity or another. The manner in which it came was the only question at hand.
It was then that she felt a harsh wind abruptly strike her petite form. It sent a sharp shiver through her arms and back. For a moment, she thought she understood what was right before her. These men were the true bringers of death, come to confirm their own progress. Nothing happening was natural. Not the wind, the fires, or the coming of the sea upon their village. Someone had provoked it, or summoned it.
She heard Jamison stir behind her, but she didn’t look away from the men who stood a short distance away. Her hair floated behind her along with the tatters of her dress, nearly destroyed from using fabric for slings. She didn’t move, and neither did they. She knew something was being communicated between herself and them, and she hoped that her resilience would show in her stance. All she had ever known had been lost to her twice over. And now she would have to see it all die a third time. She wanted to face death and these men with as much conviction as she could cope.
Almost in unison, they turned and galloped away into the dark woods. She wanted to know where they made their own homes. She wanted to know how they lived, what they fed on, how they took their prey, how they survived on this god forsaken land. It was of the utmost cruelty to hide this from people so desperately in need of guidance.
Without thinking twice, she ran for the edge of the woods. She didn’t even feel her legs beneath her as she ran. They carried her body with such speed and urgency that she reached the woods in what seemed like mere seconds. Her mind raced along with her legs, knowing that instant that there was no conceivable way that she should have reached the trees that quickly. She stopped at the line of forest and looked behind herself. Camp was a few hundred feet behind her. Everyone still lay sleeping although Jamison looked as though he was about to wake.
‘How am I seeing that far? I could see those men as well? I could see the clothes they wore… the paint on their horses.’
The thought quickly left her as she heard the men who had taken off on horseback. They galloped away with great haste. Did they know she was coming after them? She didn’t care. She ran towards them, leaping over the forest debris beneath her and following the sound of their horses heaving. She knew they were close, closer than they had been at the tree line staring upon her. She ran again, not daring to look at the ground beneath her. It was moving so quickly that if she were to look down, fear may have swallowed her. There was no room in her mind to even think of how or why her body had moved like that. She could only see the men in front of her. They were not far now. 
Without hesitation she was beside their horses, running beside them, and keeping with their pace. She reached up for one of the men who looked down on her. She couldn’t see his face under the fur that covered his back. His animal skins looked like heavy armor, and it only made her want to hurt him more. The men who destroyed the only home she knew wore armor of metal casting. The sight of the fur upon his body maddened her. She reached for the fur and ripped his body backwards as she leapt forward, landing on her feet. She let the others go behind her as she watched him cascade off his horse. It was as if he were moving in slow motion. His shoulder touched the back of the horse and he rolled off with his feet flying over his head. He crashed against the weight of his stomach and his horse left him there to fend for himself, just as the others had. She stood there staring down at him; ready to leap forward in her own defense should he come for her. He rolled onto to his back and lay there unable to move. She walked towards him and peered down at his face. The head of whatever animal he had displayed upon his head was now off his black hair and lying to the side. And she saw his eyes. They expressed nothing but pure terror.
His brown and tanned skin was gashed and broken from his harsh impact with the ground. She swore she could hear ribs breaking when he struck the hard surface. The force of his horse dragged his body at least a few feet before he had stopped moving. Tears and rips on his skin appeared bloody and deep red around his face, neck, and bare chest, with nothing on it other than black and white paint. His arms were painted in black curved yet sharpened designs all along them as though they were sleeves to his torn skin. The blood began to trickle down his intricately painting body seeping new lines upon the mixture of colors. The black and white stripes painted down his face were marked as if claws had slashed the skin. Once having appeared so gallant yet cold upon his horse, he was now only a man below her, a man as mortal as she, and just as capable of dying as she and her own people. She wondered how he felt, knowing he would likely die, and knowing that his other riders didn’t stay to help him. Perhaps he knew the anger she felt for having been ignored by him and the people he was riding back to. She resolved in the seconds she spent staring down at him that some men may warrant death. Others warranted the freedom to live merely by surviving it.
Her stomach suddenly began to cramp. Burning penetrated her abdomen blistering her chest like a knife had penetrated her heated flesh. She nearly fell upon all fours from the pain. The back of her throat went dry as if she had inhaled ash and she began to grasp for breath at the sensation. At once she was on the ground, her hands and knees holding her up. She crunched down as if she were an animal. Never once had Madison allowed herself to feel rage for those who had harmed her. She was a woman, and women were to keep their voices silent, and their bodies innocent of any temptation or fervor. And yet, for the first time in days, she felt it come to claim her with a fury. Her vision went black just as she recognized her body’s needs.
She was starving.
***
Madison could feel the solid ground beneath her, and knew immediately that she had blacked out. Her eyes were heavy against their own weight inside her skull. Her entire body weight felt as though she were pinned down to the earth. Although she was conscious of where she was and the fact that her senses were awake, she couldn’t summon the energy to lift her eyes open. She allowed the heaviness to drift her away and only after giving into the pressure was she able to open her eyes. She saw nothing but the sky lit in a pale shade of red. She blinked trying to rid her eyes of the colors she was seeing, but that only led to the soft trickle of more redness seeping into her eyes. Blood was dripping down her face and she knew the sky was not truly this unnatural color. She was seeing things through a dim veil protruding her vision.
Twigs began to crack nearby. She tried to move upward to see what was making the noise just in front her. 
‘Did someone see what happened?’
The only men nearby were the natives, those who abandoned their horseman, proving to Madison that everything she thought of these native people was true. Leaving one of their men to a fate unknown was an action she couldn’t bring herself to understand. It seemed the vilest of betrayals.
She looked around as best she could, only able to move her eyes. After she blinked away enough of the liquid seeping into her eyes, she saw Jamison. He was draped within the same pale red color that stained the sky.
‘Is he bleeding? Please, I can’t have hurt him. I couldn’t have.’
His entire face was covered in red, but it appeared blotchy and unclear. 
He knelt beside her, and brought his fist to his face, holding it at his chin. An expression she had only seen him use when severely distressed. He looked her up and down several times and then looked her in the eyes.  
‘I must be dying. That is the only explanation.’
Her thoughts were louder than the dry sobs she could hear him letting out. 
He reached for her and then drew his hand back, almost scared to touch her.
‘Don’t let me die here on the ground. Please hold me. Don’t let go of me.’
She could still hear the unsteady breath coming from his mouth as he rocked back and forth, gazing upon her, unsure of what to do. With a sudden movement, he reached for her small frame and surrounded her with his arms. Her body left the cold ground beneath her and floated upward as if she had already died. She wondered if this was what it was meant to feel like. But she still felt the strength of Jamison’s arms beneath her, so she could not have died yet.
He carried her some distance back to the small camp they made. She expected she would be placed amongst their dead, along the line of bodies that now lay in a perfectly even increment along the ground. 
Jamison didn’t carry her all the way. He laid her in front of a thick tree along the forest’s edge. He placed her right side up and allowed her to sit there with her back to its trunk. Placing her hands over her legs and having them lay atop one another, he handled her gently. She could move her eyes more at this point and the vertical position allowed for much of the blood to drain from them. Finally she could see clearly.
Jamison’s entire face and tunic were drenched in blood from carrying her. Madison could only imagine that it was her own blood or the blood of the native man. Perhaps Jamison had tried to help him. Perhaps he had tried to help her once he first found them, before she had awoken. She refused to believe that the blood was Jamison’s. 
‘Did the man on the horse hurt him? No, no, he was barely moving before everything went black. But did he wake up?’
Her thoughts raced with every possibility, still refusing to believe that Jamison was hurt. The thought of more tragedy finding their small group was more than she could consider. She could accept her own impending death, but Jamison had to survive. He had to. 
Her head was level with the ground and she could now look into his eyes. He took the sleeve of his tunic and wiped the remaining blood from her face and neck. He then looked into her eyes, knowing that she could see him. Madison’s eyes moved about frantically, trying to see where he was hurt, if he in fact was at all. Only when he took his hand to her cheek did she look at him directly in the eyes. She felt as though he was examining her. And for a moment, she wondered if he remained unsure of whether or not she was alive. She moved her eyes so that he would know so, but he was searching for something else within her. She sensed it. He had never looked at a soul this way until now. And then he did something she never would have expected. 
He took the thick belt from around his tunic, and the thin rope draped around it. He bound it around her wrists, tighter than she would have thought he would tie someone he cared for. The rope felt as heavy on her arms as her body felt lying upon the ground moments ago. He took the belt around her waist and tied her to the tree, buckling it around at the side and then yanking it tight around her chest, assuring that she was unable to move. She let out a groan that sounded more like a growl ripping from the inside of her throat. She didn’t know she could make such a sound. It personified every inch of pain she felt in that moment, and then some. Jamison quickly backed away and looked her up and down. Her head fell forward and she was unable to lift it to meet his glaring gaze. If she had, she would have let him see every ounce of treachery she felt inside.
‘Is this how you treat your blood, Jamie? Is this how you let me die?’
She continued to let him know the pain she felt with every growl that came crawling out. The belt tore into the sides of her rib cage. Every breath she took was more difficult than the last as a shooting pain came up from her chest and out her throat. Her cries seeped through the entire area. They pierced the morning air and she knew that people from camp would be able to hear. She could have sworn that her lungs were on fire and the flames were just barely grazing the edge of her throat.
She finally managed to send some sort of signal to her neck that it was time to move. Before every single movement she made had been a struggle beyond any physical pain she had ever endured. The mere weight of her body had been overwhelming, but she felt as if she was gaining slight control of each small muscle within her neck and throat. The back of her head rubbed against the bark of the tree and her hair caught its small crevices. She felt her mouth open, but no sound came out. She closed it again with bruising force and felt sharp points dig into her lips and gums. It was her teeth. More blood seeped from her mouth and down her chin. She tried to stay calm, but the combination of pain and the trickling down her skin was too extreme. The blood felt heavier than the belt around her waist, heavier than anything she had ever carried. It was weighing down on her already slender body.
Jamison simply looked at her. And as she looked at him, she saw the fear in his face. He was afraid of her, if not terrified. That was why he had tied her up. 
‘What is wrong with me, Jamie? Am I ill? Am I dying? Please tell me what is happening.’
He suddenly turned to walk to the group of men. They were still a short distance away from the tree line, but they had undoubtedly heard her cries. They pierced her own ears, let alone the ears of those nearby. The men looked at Jamison, wondering the same as she had, if he was hurt. Lyndon reached for his shoulder, his expression clearly disturbed by the state of Jamison’s tunic. Madison tried to hear what they were saying, and to her shock, she could. It was a faint sound, still almost a whisper, but she could plainly hear the words that came from Jamison’s mouth.
“My sister needs help. I believe she is dying.”
“Then there is nothing that can be done for her,” said Jayden. “We cannot help our sick. We are in no position to do so.”
Lyndon nodded in agreement as the others merely stared at Madison, and she stared at them in return from a distance. “We will do everything we can to make her comfortable,” he said.
Jamison stared at the ground, hope leaving him as his shoulders dropped.
“Why in the name of God have you tied her to that tree?” asked Jayden. Then the realization struck him and he leaned forward as though no one else would hear him, knowing full well that they were all within ear shot. “Was that her? Was she making those noises? Those were the noises of a beast, Jamison.”
“Precisely, this is no mere illness,” said Jamison solemnly.
“She is bleeding. There is too much blood lost,” Lyndon added.
“That is not her blood. Nor is this mine,” he responded, motioning to his tunic.
“What was that noise, Jamison?” asked Jayden, demanding an answer with his tone.
“You heard her! You all heard her!” he yelled. “This is no illness. I think those people did something to her.”
“The natives? We have not seen them in days.” 
Jamison took a deep breath, uncertain of whether or not he should reveal what he saw in those woods. He needed these men to help him, and to want to help his sister. And yet, the truth may provoke the opposite reaction from them. Madison continued to listen to them talking, still in shock from how clearly she could hear every word that was spoken. But nothing could prepare her for the words that were about to leave her brother’s mouth. They explained his actions fully.
“I think my sister may be possessed.”
The men spoke for a few moments longer, one running back to camp. To do what, she had not the slightest idea. There was nothing to reach for except a few sips of water from the jugs she had gathered the previous night. They obviously decided on a course of action, but Madison was no longer listening. She was examining her body thoroughly. There was blood drenching her pale blue dress, and more trickling from her hair. The rest was matted dry to the back of her neck. Her arms were also laced with a deep red. She could still feel it trailing down her skin from under her garment. And the sharpness that had pierced her lips had been her teeth. She couldn’t even imagine what she looked like. She closed her mouth, not wanting to cut the rim of her lips any further, but when she managed to move her lips slowly and without pain, she grazed her bottom lip with her tongue. It was no longer bleeding. It was healed. There were no traces of the gashes she had just created in her mouth. Her tongue felt around the outer rims of her mouth and then the inside. Her teeth were sharp, almost like small daggers. They grew in length as she moved her tongue along the edge of each, one by one.
For a mere moment, she believed Jamison. She knew with a certainty that she was possessed by some demon. And it was unlike Jamison to make such a statement with his hatred for such accusations. Perhaps the man with the fur skins and the painted body had done this to her. But her movements, she remembered how she had chased him. It was just before he fell from his horse. She had grabbed him and pulled him down. She had moved through the woods with unnatural speed. That was before she caught the man on horseback. Her body had moved with such ease and agility, unlike now. Each limb still felt heavier than any weight she had encountered.
And the thirst, it had been fleeting. She blacked out so suddenly, but she remembered the awareness keenly, the acute knowledge that it was building up from inside of her. She only felt contained by the skin that prevented her insides from shattering and coming apart from within. The man on the ground seemed to know what was taking place inside of her. The look of revulsion and fear on his face reflected the anticipation she had felt.
And then she knew. 
‘I killed him. This is his blood. I killed that man. Jamison thinks I will kill him now. They all will. They will all fear me.’
She felt her teeth again and noticed for the first time the metallic taste upon them. It was everywhere in her mouth and down the back of her throat. That was the pain she had felt, the thickening of his blood within her and on her body. She had tried to consume him.
‘Jamison is right. I am possessed. The thirst that was inside me… it was living inside of me. It wanted release. No, it needed release.’
She focused harder on Jamison in the distance. The men were still deciding on a course of action.
“You said yourself that you didn’t believe in the magic and sorcery the priests adhere to in England, yet you bound your own sister to a tree,” said Jayden, his tone almost mocking Jamison’s logic as he scowled at Madison. “And worse yet, you think her dying? Is this how you treat your blood if she is truly within death’s grasp?”
“She attacked one of them. She –,” his voice cut off. “I believe she may have killed one of them. He lies in the woods. That is a native’s blood about her body.”
“They must have attacked her first. Was she fetching for water?” asked Lyndon. 
Jamison looked to her, then glanced back and nodded silently.
“If so, then you brought this on yourself. You said that you taught her to use a knife a few months back. A woman should never be taught such things,” said Lyndon.
“If this be true, and she was attacked by a native, would you prefer her to have been defenseless?” snapped Jamison.
“But both our jugs for water lay full just there,” said Jayden. “What was she doing in those woods?”
“It matters not!” Jamison said his voice near screaming. “My sister is dying and I have no way of helping her.”
“Why did you tie her to the tree then? Your actions have no sense, Jamison,” said Jayden.
“I told you, I believe she is possessed. And whatever spirit within is killing her. Simply look upon her closely and you will know,” Jamison stopped and tried to catch his breath which was quickly leaving him.
Madison heard everything with perfect clarity, and yet she couldn’t focus on what their words meant. She began to cough and her body hunched over her legs sprawled out in front of her. Her stomach ached with fire inside her chest. It was beginning to rise again. She needed to give into it. She needed to let it out.
‘Jamison does speak truth. I must be possessed.’
She tried to catch her breath, but it came in heaves. The more she tried to breathe, the more her breath left her. And she swore that within moments, she could hear Jamison doing the same. She looked across the hilly field and saw Jamison buckled over, one hand grasping for ground in need of support as the other men tried to help him up. His coughs were nearly as loud as hers. He clutched his stomach and she saw that he felt the same pain as she did. His body suddenly went limp and Jayden caught him just before he struck the ground. A deep groan matching hers came from his throat and echoed throughout the surrounding forest. Madison managed to bring the weight of her head back up to the tree so she could rest it on the bark to see more of what was happening. 
Jayden helped Jamison lay down upon his coat, using it beneath his head as a makeshift cushion.
Lyndon looked to his crewman, the last one remaining. “Go fetch some water for them. And get Madison from that tree immediately.”
The crewman complied and went for water. Just before he reached her, he stopped. He gazed upon her in the same manner Jamison had, not quite believing his eyes. If she were ill, he thought, she was certainly dying at this point. Blood had dried around her mouth and she quickly closed it as best she could even though the coughs still came in heaves. She hoped he couldn’t see the state of her teeth. If he thought her a demon in the same way Jamison did, he may as well leave her there. He looked back toward the others for a brief moment, as if wondering if there was someone else to do the job of carrying her. He quickly resolved that there was no one else, and removed her bindings. Upon loosening them and looking at her again, she saw a crooked smile cross his face. He was almost near laughter. It was as if he was more fascinated than repulsed by the sight of her. 
He grabbed her from behind her back, making a barrier between her and the tree, and then he lifted from under her knees. She was lighter than he had expected, thus he walked her to their deplorable camp as quickly as he could and lay her next to her brother. 
Just as he laid her down, she lifted her arm to gently hold the space behind his neck to steady her decline to the ground. She managed to get a clasp of him even though the rest of her body felt completely useless with pain and heaviness. He waited before laying her head down completely, as if he expected her to say something, but she only looked at him. It was then that he saw what she had been trying to hide. The blood stains on her teeth, and the sharpness that had overtaken them. The demon inside her felt the need again. She felt it wanting release, and the pressure built from under her jaw. She was starving all over again.
Faster than she thought her weakened body could respond, she forced her way into the man’s neck. She only penetrated the skin enough to get a taste of the life that lay beneath it before he threw her off. She felt her face strike the dirt, scratching it. Before she could scream in pain, she felt her scratches disappear under her skin again. They had healed just as her lip had.
The quick jolt brought her back to her current surroundings and the pain of thirst and starvation disappeared as quickly as it came. 
The crewman ran back to Lyndon and Jayden as they searched for any remaining water or support for her and Jamison. 
Jamison let out a cry that echoed throughout the forest. Madison saw his expression change as his head fell near hers. They looked at each other, both lost in the other’s changed appearance.
Jamison’s eyes were becoming translucent, almost violet. And his teeth, just as the few she noticed within her mouth, had become sharp. He wrapped his arms around his chest and then went still, waiting for air to fill his lungs. His limbs carried the same feeling of weight that Madison’s had. They were trapped within the confines of their skin. Their blood was thick and both turned strikingly pale. She knew that her heart was trying its best to pump her blood. Every time it pushed more throughout her body, the beating pulsated throughout her joints. 
She was sure that by this time the man she had bitten told the others of what she had done. She would be killed for their own safety. Looking into Jamison’s eyes as they changed before her, she wondered if he had seen what she had done. But he was almost in a daze between gasps for air. She instinctively wanted to feel some kind of guilt or extreme remorse for having hurt the crewman. He had every reason to protect himself and the others against her now. But the thirst inside her, she couldn’t tell herself ‘no.’ The blood was there, and it was meant for her. 
No one came over to her or Jamison. In fact, they seemed to disappear. Perhaps the crewman had left to get more water. Perhaps Jayden and Lyndon were simply giving them peace to die near one another.
Then she heard the faint noise from just a few yards away. And within seconds, it was not so faint anymore. Others were coughing nearby. The crewman, Jayden, and Lyndon, were all upon the ground gasping for air. The sounds of all their coughs seemed to permeate the valley and the hillside. Lyndon crawled to her on his hands and knees.
‘No illness could travel about this quickly. ‘
And just as she gained the strength to lift her lead weight arm to reach for Lyndon, to beckon him forth, he rolled onto his back, heaving.
‘What have those people done to us?’
With the sensation of needles spreading through her neck, she managed to turn her head once more to Jamison, who reached for her hand with the only strength he could gather. She wondered for a moment if her eyes had changed in the same way his did before her. She had always looked to him and seen his blue eyes staring back at her. He didn’t even look like the same person with the violet that had overtaken those eyes.
She hoped that whatever this was, that it would take her quickly. She felt her eyes become heavy as they were when Jamison found her. They were the only part of her body that she could move. Her limbs dug into the earth from the weight of the blood coursing through her veins. Her eyelids dropped over her sight and everything was dark. She could still hear the sickness overtaking everyone close by. And then, silence. She let the pressure within her body abruptly consume her as everything disappeared.

Chapter 7
A foggy haze blocked Madison’s vision as her senses slowly came back to her. Water rushed within hearing distance and she could sense someone moving. Something hard touched her lips. A hand put pressure on the back her head. Jayden was lifting her forth and brought her liquid from one of the jugs. She sipped it slowly getting a few sips down before she was placed back to the ground. Something soft was under her head. Jayden tried to making her comfortable by setting his coat beneath her. With hesitation, Madison lifted her eyes to meet his as her sight slowly returned. Jayden peered into her eyes not with the spite or annoyance she was used to, but with genuine concern. 
She began to move her eyes about with surprising ease. She was in the woods, surrounded by the forest she had become familiar with. Looking up, she saw that she was under the logged makeshift roof that Jayden and Lyndon built by the stream. The large boulders beside its flowing water allowed for shelter. The stream sounded more like a strong river. It rumbled louder than she remembered.
“How did I get here?” she asked.
“I carried you. You were far worse off than the others,” Jayden said softly.
“And Jamison? Is he still sick?”
“He is extremely weak. He can move slightly, but only to cough.”
“Why did you separate us? Why am I here?” she asked.
“Jamison asked me to bring you. Your cough stopped and you slept for nearly four days. He hoped you were getting better. He wanted you separated from the others so you were not exposed to the illness again.”
She looked at him directly, no longer observing her surroundings.
“Do you believe it an illness now? Did I bring this upon everyone?”
He took her by the wrist and propped her upright, kneeling before her. She didn’t let go of him.
“An illness? If so, it is one of proportions that I have never seen. Men don’t behave in this way. Not even in battle have I seen this.”
“Seen what?” she asked. “Our eyes changed. And I felt my mouth, my teeth-.” 
He cut her off. “Not that,” he said. He let go of her wrist and backed away from her, drinking the liquid from the jug and then closing it. He stared ahead at the stream. “I have never seen an illness that made men act like beasts. Nor have I heard a priest speak of a possession that did such.” He didn’t continue but only looked away. Madison waited for him to start again, knowing that there was more. “What illness have you ever known that made you want to dig into someone else’s throat with your bare teeth?” he said numbly.
Madison flushed even paler than she already was. She assumed that he had seen the native man she attacked in addition to what she had done to the crewman.
“Do you think it was the natives? Did they make us ill, or did they possess us?” she asked.
“Either way, they clearly wanted us dead.” Jayden was still for a moment continuing to look away before bringing his eyes back to her. 
She waited before gaining the nerve to ask what she had been wondering. “Is he alright?” she said tentatively. “Did I hurt him gravely?” she asked, referring to the crewman she bite. She regretted not knowing his name.
“Not as badly as Lyndon did. It was as if everyone turned into beasts, including myself.”
“What do you mean? What happened?”
“The same as I imagine happened to you when you saw that native in the woods.” 
She had been right. He saw what she did to him. Or Jamison had told him. She hesitated, remembering the sensation she had before attacking. It was an all-consuming desire wanting release. It was as if she were not within her own body. There was something else needing to get out. She hadn’t even the time to react to the thirst’s desires before she gave into it. 
“Lyndon attacked the crewman after you bite him. What illness makes one crave blood, mistress?” he said slyly. Jayden gazed at her, watching her eyes expanding in disbelief.  She gripped her dress in her hands, unable to fully comprehend what had happened.
“How are you not ill as well?”
“I was. But I recovered within a few days. I think two nights passed, but I can’t be certain.” 
Madison shook her head and grasped her forehead, trying her best not to reveal her inner most emotions before this man. She knew he would be unsympathetic.
“Like every other illness, I suppose,” he said. “It affected everyone differently. If it takes the same course as it has with you and me, the others should recover soon enough.”
She noted just then that the movements within her arms just a moment before had come fluently, and without pain. She could move her arms and legs. Lifting herself up, she was able to stand.
“Did you run for that man?” he said.
“What?”
“The man you killed, the native in furs. Did you run for him?”
She nodded in response. “You found him, did you?” she asked. 
He smiled. “And he was running by horse, correct?”
“Yes,” she said quickly, and without thinking.  Had he seen how swiftly she had moved? Her face was stern, revealing nothing.
“You caught up to him then,” he said.
“Yes. It felt as though I left my body.”
He smirked and inched closer to her. His eyes gleamed with delight in a way she hadn’t seen before. This man had never been gleeful or in the least bit pleased unless it was with himself.
“Indeed, I know,” he said looking directly at her again, forcing her eyes to meet his. He wrapped the leather strap of the jug around his shoulder and across the length of his back. He then stepped back away from her. “Care for a confirmation?”
“What?” she asked.
“Well, more of a demonstration,” he responded, once again with a grin upon his face. She saw that he meant something more mischievous than his normal pretentious manner. 
With only the sound the air moving about him, he ran away from her. He did so with the same speed and agility she possessed. Shock crossed on her face. She knew that was what he hoped for. Only a second later, she darted away into the woods behind him. She chased him for the long mile back to the camp. The feeling of creating a wind and the caress of the air about her gave the sensation of flight. She could hardly even feel the ground beneath her. It was as if she were floating above it rather than touching it. The uneven patches and the scattered trees didn’t affect her ability to move through them. Her body knew how to respond to every blocking tree or broken branch on the ground. She moved around them as though they weren’t even there.
She came up behind Jayden and felt herself slow almost instantly. She stood beside him. Their camp had significantly improved since she had gone under.
“Where did you get these things?”
“Where do you think?” he challenged her. He continued to look at her with ultimate gratification in his eyes. She knew he was proud of what he accomplished.
“You found where the natives settle?”
“That and more,” he said. “There are pathways through the woods, another stream, and a large river with a waterfall. Even bigger creatures than the deer graze in the valleys. There is more to this land than we ever imagined. Perhaps your brother was not so misguided.”
Madison looked at the camp, away from his eyes that seemed to pierce through her. There were skins layered over branches that were buried into the ground forming tents. Furs for blankets over the others who remained ill or asleep, fire rings for warmth, and… bodies. Five bodies of the native men who had been watching them lay motionless on the ground.
“Are those them?” she asked, pointing to the natives in a pile near one of the large fire rings.
“Yes, I will burn those.”
“Burn them?” she nearly screamed. “What have you done?”
“You really have no authority to speak, Madison. They have been sustaining us, all of us. Including you.” 
It occurred to her that it was blood he had fed her from the jug by the stream, not water. 
“They are why you recovered so quickly,” he continued. “The only reason I did was because they came to see what had become of us. I managed to overtake one of them. We must continue feeding, or we will become weak. Their blood is now our water.”
“You fed me their blood while I slept?”
“Of course I did,” he said. “Would you rather have died?”
She scoffed and nearly continued to speak before he overtook the opportunity.
“I only knew to do it because of what I saw them doing to us. It is their fault this happened to us to begin with, now their blood is their penitence.”
“You keep speaking as though I should know your meaning already,” she said, becoming more agitated as he spoke.
“They laced our waters with their blood, Madison. We have been drinking it since we first arrived. The stream was littered with it.” She looked at him with even greater disbelief. “It is like I told you. We are not ill. We are not possessed. We were poisoned. They did this to us. And I would imagine that they did it in hopes of us destroying one another. They were not expecting us to survive it.”
Madison held her stomach as though her insides were about to fall upon the ground. 
“They meant to make us ill so we would consume one another,” he said, his face hardening.
“You can’t possibly know that,” she said.
“Yes, I do. I saw them putting blood into our waters as if it were venom. They were afraid of us, Madison. They are even more fearful now, which is why they were watching. They hoped to watch us decline just as they hoped the fires and waters would consume us all.”
“What do you speak of now? You still think those fires from the grasses appeared from nothing?”
“No, not nothing. From them!” His frustration was growing. 
“How can you know these things?”
“You didn’t feel their emotions resonating from them?”
“What madness do you speak of now?” she demanded.
“When you saw them watching us and ran for them in the woods, did you feel their emotions? You did, I know it. That was why you ran for them in anger. You knew they were there to watch us die. You knew they hoped we would all perish. You can feel beyond your own emotions, Madison, as can I. I can sense what they are feeling. I know their intent every time I look upon them.”
She remembered her anger during those moments when they stared at her from the tree line. She had felt rage for their apathy. She knew they wanted to watch what was left of them die away. 
“If you have not yet experienced it, you soon will.” He said taking her shoulders in his hands. She could see his teeth as he gleamed at her, the few at the sides sharpened as Jamison’s had become, like small daggers. His eagerness for her to understand and grasp what was happening permeated through the air around her. His scent overwhelmed her senses and she felt it. His desire for her to recognize and appreciate what was happening. She knew as well that he was aware of her self-doubt.
Gripping her shoulders tighter, he looked into her eyes. She could see their violet hue. 
“I will show you everything, and then you will help show the others,” he said. “You have no idea of what you are capable of, Madison. Our bodies will heal instantly, our speed is insurmountable, and we can sense others around us. That is how I know of what they have done to us. I need not speak their language to know their intent. And neither shall you.”
Before she could respond, he stepped back from her and walked the small remaining distance to their camp. Her mouth fell open, but no words came out. She only felt that soon she would come to value what had happened to her, and that she would relish in it. But then, she realized it was not her own mind speaking to her. The knowledge and emotion of that truth was spilling from another. 
Jayden. 

Chapter 8
Madison felt no need to follow him. She only wanted to see Jamison. She quickly ran to camp with the same speed and urgency she had moments ago, searching each leathery tent. Jayden built flaps for them and each was held by strong branches that were stripped of all bark. The work was impressively sturdy. And when she found Jamison’s tent, she was glad to see him resting. His breathing was shallow at best, but he wasn’t in pain, merely weak. He laid one hand on his chest as if expecting more vicious coughs to come at any time. She went forth and felt atop his forehead. He was feverish. 
“How long do you think before he recovers?” she asked Jayden, knowing he was behind her without hearing or looking for him. This new sense of emotions was expanding to knowing her surroundings. Jayden’s emotions radiated from him. He was always a powerful presence, but now he was staggering.
“A day, maybe two. I don’t know for certain,” he said solemnly.
“It makes no sense. You and I recovered faster than he has. He is so much stronger than me.”
“I don’t think size or stamina has anything to do with it. It’s a willingness to give into the thirst. He has only been drinking small sips of the blood I have provided. You and I drank large amounts very quickly.”
“How much did you feed me?” she asked.
“As much as you were willing to take. You only awoke for a few seconds and you were clearly unaware of what was happening. You drank everything I brought you. Jamison hasn’t been so willing.”
She looked back at him, taking a piece of cloth from the bedding Jayden created for him. She wiped the sweat from his upper lip and forehead, patting him gently as she went down his neck and across his hair line.
“Against his moral principles I suppose, drinking from the living.”
“Then bring it from the dead. Tell him it is of our lost crewmen,” she said with urgency.
Jayden shook his head. “Do not ever drink the blood of a dead body. I promise you, it is revolting. There must still be life in it.”
“Then I can understand his unwillingness,” she responded.
“Can you? You drank from the living quite willingly.”
“But I don’t remember it. I didn’t know what I was doing. Even when I apparently attacked that native man and the crewman, I wasn’t aware of what I was doing. I was-”
“Obeying another power?” he interrupted her.
Jayden’s arms were crossed as he leaned into the log holding the foundation of the newly built tent. His face was almost arrogant.
“You see? You gave into it. You obeyed it.”
She stood up, refusing to look at him. “Perhaps he will drink it if I bring it to him. If he knows the next time he wakes that I am well and living, he might be persuaded to drink it,” she said.
“Perhaps,” he said.
“Have others recovered as you and I have?”
“No, just you and myself. They will need more blood. You consumed the entirety of a native man’s blood and then some. Your brother and the two others will need to do the same.”
“I consumed an entire man?”
“Slowly, yes. I fed his blood to you,” he said staring at her.
Madison looked at Jamison. If they were guided here as Jamison claimed, then perhaps he was meant to drink the blood he seemed to resist. She knew she would have to make the decision for him, as he clearly didn’t know what was at stake. He looked as though he were still dying from the illness as he lay before her. 
“You really want to stand there and decide whether or not those natives who wanted to watch us all die are worth killing?” said Jayden, his voice growing louder and angrier yet again. “Let me ask you this, dear Madison. Are their lives worth your brother’s? Do you think he would hesitate to make that choice for you?”
“I hope he never has to make such a choice,” she said spitefully.
“No, the choice is in your hands. I am going to their settlement again tonight. I will bring more back here for us to feed on so the other men can grow stronger. And I will continue to offer Jamison his life back.”
“I can’t see how it matters to you.” She walked over to face him. Her malice for what he had done reaped through her aura and penetrated his senses.
“It doesn’t matter to me. I only offer because I know it matters to you. The choice is yours. I will have fresh bodies here by dawn.” With that he lifted the flap behind him and left the tent.
‘How could anything that mattered to me be any concern of his?’
Then she felt it. A crushing sense of disheartenment, and again, it wasn’t her emotions. He knew that this was inhuman. But he also thought it necessary. He knew the natives had led to their downfall, and yet Jayden was not completely at ease with taking their lives. Then it was quickly overtaken by a sense of righteousness. The guilt was completely overshadowed. He felt that they did not deserve to live for what they had done.
She wasn’t certain if she didn’t agree with him.
Jayden’s emotions were fleeting. As soon as they came, they left. He was numb again. 
She watched as he went by horse to the woods and slowly disappeared in the distance. Once he was gone, it started again. She wanted more. Her thirst was growing. Slower than before, but it was there. Jayden had left a jug of blood on the ground to the entrance of the tent. She quickly took it in her hands and drank from it. Her insides churned and growled for what was left inside the jug. But she resisted with everything she had.
She knew Jamison needed it more than she did, although it already tasted old.
Madison found it ironic, that after so many years of Jamison having cared for her, she was now charged with his well-being. And in his hour of need, she had decided that her only duty was to make sure that he survived. He had forced her survival through times they were not meant to challenge or perhaps even live through, yet they both persevered. And it was only due to Jamison’s determination. So she resolved to do the same for him. She would sit with him until he had consumed all he needed to. 
As if he had sensed what she was thinking, she saw Jamison’s mouth form into a smile. She hoped that he understood what he would needed to do, and that he would be willing to drink from the jug in her hands once it was brought to her. And above all, she hoped that with all that had befallen them, that he would value his own life above those whom Jayden had been hunting. If the natives were so eager to watch them die, then perhaps it was only right that they would sustain their own outcome.
Jamison didn’t stir until night fell. And when he did, it was with violent force. He jutted awake and sat up far too quickly. His head became disoriented and he fell back to the bedding. She caught his head from beneath to slow his descent and placed him softly on the makeshift pillow. 
He looked up at her and whispered her name. “Madison?”
“Yes, I’m here.” She took his hand so he would know it wasn’t a dream. She applied gentle pressure and held his hand within hers.
“You will be alright,” she said.
“You have recovered?”
“Yes, completely,” she replied.
“How?” 
“Jayden took care of me. He fed me when I was barely awake. You need to drink more. You must to gain your strength.”
“He has cared for me as well, and the others. But I know not what he is giving us. I don’t recognize it.”
“No matter, it is food. It will restore you,” she said. She was relieved that he wasn’t rejecting the blood from opposition to what Jayden was doing. He was far too weak to know what was going on in the tent, let alone what was happening outside.
“He will return with more by dawn,” she stated.
“Why is he hunting at night? The natives could be nearby,” he said.
Madison knew it was better to lie. She could atone for it later. His well-being was more important than the truth, she decided, regardless of how high he ranked morality above all else.
“Jayden thinks this mixture he has created will help us to heal faster. Lyndon and the remaining crewman are still too weak to consume meat,” she said.
Jamison was in the same state she didn’t remember being in. The weakness was the only thing his body catered to, and his eyes moved about rapidly, trying to find her. He closed them slowly, allowing her to pat away the sweat that was still dripping down his forehead. He was asleep within seconds. She sat on the other end of the tent for most of the night. She wondered how the other men were doing. She even considered going to their tents and seeing how they fared. But she remained close to Jamison. Her duty was to him right now. And when the time came, she would force him to drink the blood he required to survive. Better he not know until later. 
‘He would do the same for me. He would place my survival above all else. He already has, several times.’
Jayden was true to his word and came forth in a matter of hours. He had clearly stolen new horses from the natives as he rode one and led two others with three bodies hanging across their backs. She hoped that they would stay alive long enough to feed her brother. And yet, as soon as the thought entered her mind, she regretted it. She couldn’t rejoice in what Jayden was doing.
He carted each over his shoulder and tossed them not so gently to the ground. Taking an arrow that no doubt belonged to one of the men, he slit the wrist of one and dripped his blood into the jug that lay near the fire. He then continued with the other until the man was near death. Madison watched from outside the tent as Jayden took each man’s wrist, sliced it, and then squeezed it tight to drain what he could. Only a week prior the scene before her would have made her ill. The very sight of blood forced memories of the French having attacked her village. The brutality of what Jayden did before her struck her not with disgust, but awe. She wanted to feel for the men who lay there dying, but having lost her own to what Jayden suspected they had done, she could no longer allow herself to feel pity for them. 
Jayden went to Jamison’s tent first, and handed the bottle directly to Madison. His presence consumed her senses once he was within feet of her. He wasn’t proud of his accomplishment as she imagined he would be. Nor did he feel guilt or remorse any longer. It was simply a direct reflection of what he felt needed to be done. Determination to live; that was the only emotion she could identify. He was determined to give her brother his life back. 
He took the other jug from around his shoulder and walked toward the next tent. She could only assume it was Lyndon’s, as he was their leader. Although she wondered if Jayden would insist upon having that position himself. Having sustained all their lives, she would heartily accept that he had earned it.
Madison walked inside the tent and knelt down to her brother. Surprisingly, he awoke almost instantly. His eyes jutted open and gazed at her with intensity.
“What is that smell?” he said.
“It’s a drink that Jayden has made for us. It will revive you,” she said, continuing her lie from before. She only wanted him to know that there was hope to live, not that this life came from death. She took the jug, leaned it downward to his mouth, and he drank it eagerly, swallowing in large quantities.  She wanted to ask him how it tasted. If anything, just to assure him that it was good for him. But he continued taking from the jug. He barely breathed and his coughing didn’t resurface, not even after he had consumed the entire jug.
She took the empty bottle and placed it on the ground. Blood dripped from his chin down his neck and she reached to wipe it off. Before her hand touched his skin, he took it. She grinned noting the he was able to move better. 
“What was that, Madison?”
“Something Jayden made. It helped me to recover,” she answered.
“From what did he make it?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know for certain.”
“I’ve tasted it before,” he said. 
“Jayden has been trying to feed it to you for days. He said you were too weak to take much.”
“No, before I got sick. I tasted it. It tastes like…” he stopped and his eyes penetrated hers. 
“What?” She dreaded his answer. But she would insist on his continued taking of the substance regardless of whether he approved.
“It tastes of life. Of every desire or impulse I have ever had.”
She was silent, fearing that he would recognize it. “Perhaps that means it is helping you.” 
“I have had it before… before all of this. I know I did.”
She stared at him, not knowing how that was possible. 
His eyes shuttered at the realization. “What did you do?” he demanded.
“I did nothing. Jayden prepared it for us.”
“Jayden? How long has he been killing them?” he said, his voice growing louder. She couldn’t respond. She only looked at him, watching as his eyes began to take on a brighter shade of violet, growing slightly stronger as his suspicion surmounted. “He is, isn’t he? He is killing them,” he said. She thought it would be better to try and revitalize his memory. 
“You remember the crewman, Jamie? The one I bite?” But then she recalled that he had been lying next to her. He had collapsed before the others.
“No, it was not him. The native you attacked. The one you chased. I followed you. I caught up to you, but I was too late.”
She felt a rush from her heart down to her legs. “You found me. Then you tied me to the tree, Jamie. You were terrified of me.”
“No,” he said. “I was terrified of the others. I wanted them to help you. I knew if they saw you up close, they would fear you. I needed to persuade them to help. But I didn’t know what you were capable of. I knew not if you would attack another.” He stopped, his eyes glancing away. “I was scared of myself as well, Madison, of what I might do to you.” 
She stared at him even though he couldn’t meet her gaze.
“I drank from him,” he said softly. “You drank from that native man and I threw you from him. I tried to stop you, but… the smell of him.” He turned to her again. She had blacked out from Jamison having thrown her off. She could see the forgotten memory. He was replaying it in his head, and she could feel his emotions radiating the air around her. She struck a tree behind her when he thrust her away. Her head cracked against the hard surface and she plummeted to the ground below her feet. His strength had sent her through the air above him. He then turned to the bleeding man lying on the ground, and reached for his neck. His teeth penetrated his skin and there was nothing the man could do to stop him. He came to his senses and left the man to die. Wiping the blood from his face and mouth, he walked to Madison on the ground. Her head healed before him and her eyes slowly opened. That was why he looked at her in such a way. Disgust of what he had done. Amazement of how she healed miraculously in front of him. And he gathered her in his arms to lament what he had done to her.
She remembered everything, but only faintly, and not as clearly as he did. Yet his emotions truly were within her mind. 
“You will continue to drink, Jamie. I don’t care how adverse you are to it. I will not let you die here. We are not meant to die here. I have grown stronger, and so will you.” She laid his head back down.
“We were not meant to survive this,” he said solemnly.
“Your God no longer dictates what is meant for us. Only we can do that. It is out of his hands.” She stood and walked towards the flap of the tent and looked back to him. “We make our own way now.” With that she walked out and left Jamison on his bedding to rest. She wouldn’t be dictated by his sermons on morality. It was only his survival she had any regard for.
Madison saw Jayden standing by the fire, sipping from the remains within a jug. She stood just a few steps away. His emotions were still permeating the air around her. She almost resented that his presence was so staggering. She doubted her own was as potent.
“The others took their fill?” she asked.
“Enough for now. I will go to gather more tonight.”
“They will grow suspicious if too many of their people disappear, Jayden.”
“I must collect as many as I can. I will go into their settlement if necessary.”
“Why tonight?” she asked.
He looked at her with a stern expression. She could feel him trying to tell her with his emotions, but all she felt from him was an awareness of what lay ahead. Something dangerous was approaching, and it had him on edge. He wasn’t frightened by it. Quite the opposite. He seemed eager for it.
“You will help me move the others to the stream and small fortress Lyndon and I built. We must get them there and properly fed before dawn tomorrow.”
“Why Jayden?” she said stepping forth. “What happens tomorrow at dawn? What did you see?”
“They are desperate,” he said, almost smiling. “Their plans to kill us failed. We are all that is left, and we figured out how to survive this poison they fed us through the stream. We were not meant to discover how to endure it.”
“You said before that they wanted us to consume one another.”
“Yes, and we would have,” he said. “The morning you awoke and attacked their man in woods, they had come to watch us awaken and finish one another off. But when you chased after them and killed that man, you found the one way to survive that they never wanted us to find. You channeled your thirst toward them, not your own.”
“You felt this through their emotions?” she said.
“So you have caught on. What emotions did you gather from Jamison, then?” he said proudly.
“Answer me, Jayden. What did you learn from them?”
“The poison in the stream, it was meant to be a sort of reflection of what they saw us becoming. And they did see us coming, long before we arrived. But strangely, we were not the ones they were expecting.”
“You speak of magic now? Some kind of foreshadowing?”
“Is it really that difficult to believe after all that has happened?” he said.
She shook her head in response.
“A reflection of what, Jayden? Please tell me without expecting me to immediately know your thoughts. Remember I only just discovered this new perception,” she said bluntly, tired of constantly trying to decipher his meanings. She wasn’t up to the task of constantly meeting his challenge of wits.
“I meant exactly what I said. They saw us coming, but it wasn’t us. They saw our people coming and invading their lands. Forcing them from it and bringing inevitable bloodshed. Which we surely will once more migrate here, but it wasn’t truly us. We were an individual group that only desired to make a home for ourselves. They assumed we were the former. Our people were not meant to inhabit this land until future centuries. And that poison they created,” pointing to one of the jugs that still held water from the steam, “was meant to reflect the nature of the people who would take and rape their lands of everything they hold dear. It was meant to destroy us, but instead it made us stronger.”
“You sensed this?” she said.
“Yes, they discussed it to no end with their elders. They decided that we were the enemy. They hoped that our destruction would keep others from arriving after us. They didn’t realize that we were not this great coming of white men that they foresaw. Their emotions were easy enough to read. And their memories were completely clear with their intent.”
“They truly saw our journey here? They knew we were coming?” she said, with more curiosity than a true desire to hear the answer.
“Yes. They just got the timing wrong.”
Madison stepped forward and sat with Jayden, allowing him to tell her what he had encountered. He sensed everything that had passed between the Elder’s warriors. They brewed the ocean and winds to bring their small village to the ground. They had channeled the fires to burn the remainders to the ground. And they forced the sea’s strength to take their dead to sea so that they may serve as a warning to others not to sail near their shores ever again. It had all been a warning to the white men not to come to their lands. But they had been wrong. There were no others coming, at least not for a lengthy period of time. There were no others to warn. They had yet to be born.
“You learned all of this from the emotions of those you just killed?”
“Yes. They consider themselves warriors,” he said.
“And they are going to attack. They mean to kill our sick before they can completely recover,” she said. She felt a connection as if her emotions and Jayden’s were merging. “Jamison must complete his recovery so we can fight back. You have to find more so we can feed them,” she said, her voice now strong and as assured as Jayden had been. 
Jayden smiled as he looked at her.
 “So now you see,” he said, very pleased that she had come to the same conclusion. “We must prepare. They plan to attack at early dawn tomorrow.”
“Leave one of the horses so I can move the others deeper into the woods. We must take more shelter,” she said.
“You don’t need the assistance of the horse, mistress that I can assure you.”
She felt him snickering without his face ever having moved.
“Fine, go then. No sense in waiting then. Go now and gather more of them. I want my brother fully recovered before tomorrow. You take the horses and bring back what you can.” The realization of what she said struck her instantly after she stopped speaking. She had condoned the order to kill innocents to keep her brother alive. Something she wasn’t certain her brother could or would have sanctioned.
“Do not have pity for those who wish to harm you, Madison,” said Jayden, leaping onto his horse with one swift movement. He was still sensing her emotions from feet away. “For they took no pity upon you.” 
Jayden left promptly leaving Madison surprised that he actually followed her request. She almost wondered if he was looking for her to give him her blessing before setting out. But a man such as Jayden, she knew, held no regard for how others felt about his actions. She suspected that he only took pleasure in the fact that he had persuaded her to follow his revolting plan.
Madison moved in the fleeting manner and placed her hands under Jamison’s legs and neck. He weighed little to nothing. It was as if she were picking up a small animal rather than a man. He didn’t wake entirely, but he placed his arm around her back. With rapid movements she carried Jamison to the stream. She could maintain a fair amount of her original speed, but she was still running with her loved one in her arms. She carefully navigated the woods, making sure no part of his body struck a piece of forest. Jamison could feel the air move quickly about him. But he only thought it a strong breeze sweeping through his tent flap. The movements and the speed were becoming more natural as she ran. She felt as though her body grew stronger with each step. It was adapting more as she gained speed. She hardly needed to tell it how to move. It already knew, almost as if her limbs had always known of their capability, but never had the aptitude to make use of it. 
She placed Jamison softly on the ground and laid him as comfortably as she could. Standing above him, she quickly expanded her mind as best as she knew how. She sensed nothing malicious nearby, not even a tender forest animal. She ran the mile back to their camp moving faster than before, faster than when she had chased after Jayden. She gained speed and power with each step, gently leaping over any forest debris under her. The power of creating such a strong current of air as she moved stimulated every nerve on her skin. She felt outside the confines of her body once more.
She carried each man just as carefully as she had Jamison, knowing that their lives were potentially at risk should she not watch her step with such speed beneath her. A few men coughed along the way, although none of them stirred enough to awaken. She imagined that they were in the same state that she was in. She lined them up next to one another and then headed back to their camp, watching over them as best she could with her senses.
Just as night began to fall, Jayden returned, with only two bodies on the horse trailing behind him. The sight of them hanging over the horse he trailed immediately made her insides churn. Her throat ran dry and she fought with everything she had to bring about words rather than a growl. She needed their blood in that instant. 
“What is this? This can’t be all,” she said impatiently. “This is not enough for everyone to recover by morning.”
“Listen to you, telling the hunter that his job was not done properly,” he replied, a cavalier expression creeping upon his face as he looked at her. “Here,” he said, tossing her one of the jugs. “There are two more in the woods. I drained them before I came.”
She looked at him in disbelief. He had two jugs. The one he gave her, one remaining on the horse, and two spare bodies, undoubtedly still alive… barely.
“You actually managed to bring enough,” she said.
“Your gratitude is overwhelming,” he said grimacing as he dismounted the horse. “Take a few sips, it will keep you strong. You feed your brother and Lyndon; I will get the crewman.”
“The crewman has a name, does he not?” she said sarcastically.
“Of course he has. Damned if I know it.”
She took a few sips of the blood within the jug he handed her. The feeling as it saturated her tongue and eased down her throat nearly caused her to lose all sense of where she was. There was only the substance in her hands. It was as if it moved throughout her entire body before ever reaching her stomach. 
“Only a few sips. Your brother needs most of that,” said Jayden looking at her. He had one hand behind their one remaining crewman. He stirred briefly to take the drink, yet he still wasn’t completely awake.
She went to Jamison and did the same. She brought him to her knee and gently woke him. Bringing the jug to his lips, he reached for the bottom to hold it firmer to his mouth. His body recognized its needs before he had time to regard the contents. He didn’t hesitate to drink the entirety of the jug before letting go. Jayden came from behind and handed her the other jug. He already drained the other man still on the horse. She gently laid Jamison down and did the same for Lyndon, propping him up on one knee as she knelt down. Holding him up, he seemed slightly stronger than Jamison. She assumed he had taken more of the blood than Jamison had prior to now. He drank with his eyes closed, also partially asleep.
There were only five, herself, Jayden, Jamison, Lyndon, and the crewman. She wanted to learn more about the crewman. He was one of their soul remaining companions, and she was tired of referring to him by his occupation.
Jayden finished feeding the last man and stood, plunging the seal back into the jug.
“How long before they fully recover?” she asked.
“I don’t know precisely. That have all consumed more than you or I needed. I have been feeding them for days. This here should have been enough.”
“So we just wait,” she said.
“No, we prepare.”
“By doing what? I thought that was why I brought them here. They don’t know where we have been gathering water,” she said.
“They poisoned the stream; I assure you that they know where it runs and how to hit us regardless of our having moved.”
“Through all these woods? They are too thick for them to make an attack.”
“They left their settlement,” said Jayden, looking at her gravely.
She did not speak, but waited or an explanation.
“They abandoned it. They realized that their hunters stopped returning and they know that I have been taking them. They are preparing for a night attack. They want to take us by surprise.”
“So we truly have nothing else to do but hope these few awaken before they arrive?”
Jayden’s features only intensified as she realized that his plan didn’t go beyond having the others recover before dawn. If they could move, then they stood a chance of running together until they found safety. Carrying Jamison alone was one thing, but escaping with other three men whilst running from countless others was another.
“Did you see them anywhere while you were hunting? Any land where we could find cover? You must have seen more of this land while you were away,” she said urgently.
He shook his head. “The area is too rocky. They hunt in the nearby fields for deer and the like. There are several rivers beyond, but they are all lined with cliffs. There is no way we could get them down safely quick enough. Beyond the hills there is nothing but mountains.”
“Did you go into them? They must provide some cover,” she said desperately.
“No more than we have here. And we could never transport all these men there before they attack. We have no choice but to wait for the others to wake,” he said.
“And if they don’t?” she said. He looked at her again, the severity of the situation written on his face. He would place his own life above theirs if it were to come to that. 
She shook her head violently, not wanting to accept what he was offering.
“Then run. We must both run. Go in different directions and just keep running,” he said. “They won’t be able to catch either of us.”
“And go where, Jayden? I don’t know these lands as you do,” her voice nearly screaming at him.
“If it comes to that, you just run. Come back to the area we originally settled in a few days time. Hunt some of them if you can to maintain your strength.”
“I carried them before,” she said. “With as much ease as you told me I could. I can carry my brother to safety along with me.”
“Do as you like, Madison. But do it at your own risk.”
“You would leave these men here? You are just as capable of saving one as I am,” she said, her bitterness heightening with every passing second. She knew he was aware of her anger. Although she was just as aware of his growing indifference.
“Then you best hope they awaken before the natives arrive, which could be any moment. Because I will not stay here until they do,” he said.
“That’s it then? You feed them to help them recover, and then you abandon them?”
“I did what I could for them. How can you ask for more? You and I nearly lost our lives to these lands, twice. Once to their curses to destroy our camp, and then to their poisons making us all sick. Our only blessing was that it failed them. We became stronger. We became everything they feared we would be to them. We can survive them. And you would have us lose it all again.”
“I risk it knowing that my brother’s life is worth the same as my own,” she said defiantly, not allowing his gaze to leave hers. His face was only inches from her. She didn’t see him as the strong and overpowering man she once had a slight fear of. Her access to his emotions was so apparent that she saw nothing but cowardice. She felt shame for him. 
He stepped away from her.
“How dare you. You know nothing of a man’s honor. I have done my duty. I did what I could. Now I must think of myself. You would be a fool not to do the same.”
She knew he had sensed her sudden change of emotion toward him. “I would be a fool not to do all that I could for my brother,” she said.
He stepped closer to her, wanting to her to feel within him the desperation of their situation. “If I had kin here, I may feel the same. I have done all the services that I can. And so have you.”
“We can heal instantly, Jayden. We can fight them.”
“But we cannot protect them,” he said pointing to the men who still lay weakened on the ground. “It matters not how fast we heal. I cannot teach you to wield a sword or shoot one of their bows with such little time.”
“I am not asking you to. And what use do we have of them? Our hands have proven to be our deadliest weapons,” she said.
“You have no grounds to ask anything of me, Madison. I have killed to keep your brother alive. I built you shelter. I cared for you when you and Jamison took ill. I did more than I would have for anyone else.”
She stared at him blankly. She cared not for what he had done. It would have all been for nothing if he were to abandon her now.
He shook his head, knowing her apathy for his reasons to leave. He mounted his horse, blood still trickling down its sides from his recent prey.
“I did all I could, Madison. You remember that.”
And he was gone. She didn’t bother looking to see what direction he took. The mere fact that he fled, abandoned her, after all they had endured, left her feeling empty. There was something about having him near that made her feel stronger. Combined she felt they could survive. Alone, she knew her brother and the others would soon be lost. 

Chapter 9
Madison waited as the cool night air turned brighter. The men shook slightly from the cold, but she felt nothing. Her skin didn’t feel the claws of cold air as it once did. Rather her insides felt hot with anticipation. Jayden knew that they were coming, but not exactly when. Nor did her tell her how they would attack. She wanted to stand beside the men, completely alert, ready for when there was something to see. She felt herself drawn to gaze at Jamison. She knew these may be his last hours if she couldn’t protect him. Sick and pale as he was, she still wanted to remember his face. She needed to remember all of it. She wanted to channel it so she would have no fear. If she had to kill another man, she wanted to do it with the conviction of knowing how these people had wronged her.
A few hours passed. She did nothing but pace back and forth in front of the small roofed fortress Lyndon and Jayden had bound together. She despised it the more she looked at it. Jayden thought it represented everything he had done for them. It was now their last stance before death. 
In the distance she heard a crack. It was just as she heard before when the natives had visited their settlement. They drew near on horseback. Nearly a mile off, she could hear them coming. They were at the abandoned camp. They grazed it for a moment, realizing that they had fled. She heard them yell into the air. It was some kind of call or chant. It rang through her ears and she swore it would make them bleed. There were dozens of them. It was some kind of battle cry. They went into the woods at full speed. She saw their torches of burning fire in the distance as they made their way through the woods. They didn’t intend to sneak inside as she thought they would. They wanted to be heard. They wanted her to know that this was her final hour, that this land was not hers, and that this was the only sound she would hear as the others lay dying. Even from far away, she sensed these emotions protruding from them. 
She sped to Jamison and took him by the head. She shook him, lightly beat his chest, and called him name. He was barely breathing.
“Jamie! Jamie!” She cried out. She no longer cared if they heard her. It was only a matter of time as they drew closer. They had more than she could fight off. She couldn’t fight them even if Jayden had stayed. She looked to the bow and arrow on the native man’s back that Jayden drained. She had seen men use them, but she knew not how to hold it properly within her hands. And the daggers of the men’s belts beneath her, they wouldn’t suffice. Her side teeth were sharper than their weapons. She knew that if she tried feeding on any of them that the blood would distract her. She would never be able to halt them.
She resolved to carry him. She took Jamison with her right arm under his legs and the other behind for his back to prop him upwards. But his arm pushed against her with great force and he fell back down, gasping for air. He looked at her, his eyes a clear and translucent violet. 
“Can you stand? Jamie, please stand. We must go.”
He didn’t respond; he only looked at her. Even though all was dark, he squinted as though the light before him was blinding. She tried to lift him again and he pushed her away. She fell backward. He was on his stomach and unable to lift himself up.
“Let me take you,” she said desperately, reaching for his body again. His strength was gaining, she could tell. His push against her felt more like a blow. Her lungs briefly ached before quickly healing from the impact of his fist.
He fought her. With every movement she made to gather him, he fought her. He took her arm and pinned it to the ground. She marveled at how his strength had grown, hoping it meant he would recover in the following seconds. Yet she could hear the men gaining closer as they approached their small enclosure. He looked at her as her other arm moved frantically to gain control over him.
“Jamie, we have to go. Let me take you, please!” said cried.
“No,” he said. She didn’t want to listen to him. She acted as though she heard nothing and ripped her arm away from his grasp, forcing him to topple back towards the ground. She turned him over and pulled him into her grasp again. He reached for the fabric on her chest and pulled her down toward him. Inches away from his face, he glared at her. She saw the sternness in his eyes. 
“Run. You must go.”
He sensed what was happening. She knew it. He felt her emotions. That meant he was recovering. She could wait another moment as he completed the recovery. She had to wait. He would gain strength soon.
“No, run Madison,” he said, still resisting her. “You must survive. Go now.”
“I won’t, Jamie. I can’t go without you. I won’t,” she screamed directly into his face. She knew her emotions were overpowering him, but he didn’t falter. He never looked away from her. He could hear the horses as strongly as she could, and yet he remained there, gripping her arm, holding it in his with all his strength. He needed her to hear him.
“You run, Madison.” He took her cheek in his other hand, and gripped her face. The urgency she felt from his touch bled into the air around them. “You can’t choose what stays, Madison. You can’t always choose.” 
She looked into his eyes as his head rolled back to the ground. He was still weak and his grasp of her hand began to loosen. The native’s cries echoed in the surrounding woods. The men on horses were approaching.  
“Go,” he whispered. 
She hesitated until his eyes shut. And then she ran. Whether from panic, or recognition of his final request from her, she ran. She wanted to stay. Her body knew from the emotions of the men coming for her that it was in danger, and it carried her with more power than she knew her body capable. The feeling gripped her again. She knew she was gaining speed and agility with each step. It filled her lungs and her veins with power. She no longer felt fear, only desperation. 
She heard the natives reach the camp a short distance behind. And they were desperate to feel the success of their first kill. Their emotions were so combined and their numbers so large, she could sense their excitement from far away. Their presence filled the air of the forest and she ran with greater strides. She came to the outward tree line of the forest and looked about rapidly. There was no one there. She had never seen this land before and knew of nowhere to hide, or where to run.
‘No, no. Don’t hide. Keep running. You must keep running. Jamie told me to run.’
She leapt toward the field that lay before her and gained speed as she went. The remains of her knee length dress, already in tatters, began to shred further. The tall grasses and debris of the forest destroyed any resemblance it had of a carefully sewn garment. But she need not hold it up any longer. The torn away fabric gave her more access to slice through the ground beneath her. She was three times the distance away before she stopped. There were more patches of forest in front of her. Halting suddenly, she glanced behind. There was only desolation around her. And for the briefest of moments, she sensed concern. Apprehension.
A hand grabbed her from behind and covered her mouth, gripped her with punishing strength. She expected to fall from the impact but the man locked her arms and pinned her to his chest. Her back made contact with his body with bruising force. She felt a gasp come from her chest and she prepared to let it out with all the stamina her lungs could summon.
“Don’t scream,” he said. “They have more men gathered in the forest waiting for us.” Jayden turned her around to face him. “They have more in numbers than I thought. That settlement I found, it was only one group of them. There are hundreds, Madison.”
“Where are they? Where do we run to?” she said urgently.
“They are scattered everywhere waiting for us. I will head for the mountains. I went into them briefly. I think I can navigate them.”
“Where do I go?”
He took her by the arm and dragged her along behind him as they ran. He nearly carried her by the shoulder as he guided her away from the fields and to the mountains that were only a few miles away. They grew with majesty as they drew closer. She only ever heard stories of creatures that lived in mountains told by locals in her village. Never had she witnessed the power they possessed. They towered above her as they grew larger. Jayden stopped her as they reached the rocks below from which the range began to ascend touching the sky.
“There is a water fall lined with cliffs following that ravine there.” He pointed to a wide space where rocks attempted to climb up the mountain’s great height. A path was carved through the space. She couldn’t see where it ended, only more rocks in the distance. Madison gazed to the top of the crag’s apex and Jayden sensed her trepidation.
 “They think we have all recovered,” he said. “They suspect us all to run. They had no idea it is just you and I. We need to keep it that way. You run to those falls and you keep running.”
“But how will I find my way back?” 
“Just follow the river back from the falls. It should go for miles. Don’t stray far from there. If you are able, meet me at the falls in two days.”
“Why so long?”
“Because this is not over, Madison,” he said, his voice shaking the air around her. It was vibrating throughout the area and she feared anyone nearby may hear. He lowered his tone quickly, noting her reaction to him. He looked about briskly and turned back to her.
“They will continue searching for us. We must not go back there. Not ever, do you understand?”
She nodded and breathed in heavily to avoid the overwhelming grief she expected to follow, not wanting him to feel her weakness.
“Two, three, four days, it doesn’t matter,” he said hastily. “Just come as the sun sets and only move at night. Don’t go about during the day unless absolutely necessary. And if you come across one of them, kill them. Drag their body away and feed, but only enough to keep you strong. Don’t stay in one place too long. Go, now.” 
He pushed her away suddenly. She used the force of his shove and propelled herself forward to the ravine. When she turned her head back to see him, he was gone from plain sight. Nothing remained but the rocky crags on either side of her.
The landscape of rugged rocks and the taste of her own perspiration on her lips was enough to set her senses ablaze. As quickly as her body could recover, she gave it no opportunity. She ran passed every piece of nature, trees, branches, rugged dirt and the thick fog so quickly that she could barely take in where she was. Her arms were moving so fast beside her that it helped to take her focus away from the agony in her legs. She ran for several miles.  She didn’t know exactly where the precipice or waterfall were, only that she needed to follow the length of the ravine. She dared glance behind herself when she heard nothing following her save the sound of her heavy breathing. It was almost so quiet that it became suspicious, but she knew that if she had lost those she suspected were still chasing her, she could reconsider her options if only for a moment.
‘How did things go wrong so quickly? Nothing about this illness is natural. Jayden was right.’
She needed to keep running if for nothing but her own reassurance that she was safe. Her senses were the only thing keeping her going. Her basic instincts were sharper than she remembered them ever having been. She knew her limbs were growing tired. She had only recovered from the illness the previous day. She needed more blood. She craved it. The thirst was there and it grew stronger with each droplet of sweat that dripped from her skin. Weakness was starting to overtake her. The sudden instinct to stop to feed on anyone chasing her almost overpowered her resolve to keep going. But she couldn’t stop. She didn’t come so far to risk everything by quitting now.
Madison tried to catch her breath as quietly as she could. Listening to everything around her, she searched for a sound that might reveal her or anyone else that may be near. The only thing she could make out was movement. And it was headed her way. Hooves in the distance, and it was growing ever so slightly louder. Before panic could take control Madison turned in every direction. She reached for a sense of calm from deep inside her stomach, searching for anything tangible to hold onto that could keep her composed and her senses as accurate as possible. But all she could think of other than the horsemen trailing her was blood. The feeling inside her needed release again. It demanded to be freed. 
She forced her mind to focus on Jamison. The look on his face before she had decided to run while there was still time was the only reassurance she had. There was not a single essence of doubt written on his face when he told her that she could escape their personal predators. He had unconsciously told her with his emotions. His belief in her ability to survive was beyond her own, especially now. 
Circling around multiple times did nothing but produce the sight of trees and the crags everywhere. Each time she looked around herself hoping to find something new, all she saw was rock. With no other feasible options before her, she took her chances and ran with all the endurance her newly strengthened body allowed.
She suddenly heard men behind her. They were yelling, or chanting, trying to communicate which way she was going, or possibly attempting to frighten her. Their cries rang in her ears. She knew that it was her enhanced hearing making their cries louder than they truly were, but that knowledge didn’t make her at ease. 
The fabric of her skin was soaked with sweat. Her bloodied feet slapped the ground beneath her, the wounds healing, then the ground viciously re-opening them. Even as she ran she felt confined, restrained, trapped.  But no sticks, dirt, or harsh ground could possibly slow her pace.
Madison’s breath continued to come in heaves. 
‘How far is this waterfall? Will I know it when I see it? I have never seen one. How will I know it?’
Without warning, she heard a violent movement of water. The falls, it was near. She could hear the rush of water. It had to be within the mile. It was no farther from her than the men pursuing her from behind.
If only she knew exactly where she was going. She hoped the sound would be enough for her to follow. Her feet moved quicker. She wanted to look down and see how fast her legs were moving, but she didn’t want to lose her balance by trying to witness what her body was doing. It didn’t matter as long as it got her to the precipice faster.
The sound of water rushed with blundering power. It crashed down to the waters and earth below. She sensed what the land before her looked like before ever reaching it. The sounds made the scenery appear so clear in her mind. But she was still unprepared for the sight of it. She realized she would be forced to leap from it if she made it to the ends of the falls. And yet, she didn’t know knew not exactly how far down it was, or if her feet would hit land or water. 
Before she had time to think about what she was about to do, she sped faster to what had to be the edge of the cliff beside the falls. And she leapt without thinking. If she had staggered for a second, she never would have gained the courage to jump. Her arms flailed in the air along with her legs, trying to grab for any ground that they could find. But there was nothing to reach for. She flew farther than she expected to before the sensation of falling took control over the feeling of flight. She gained enough momentum to avoid the plummeting water from the huge falls. 
The impact wasn’t what she expected. She had no inkling as to how much it would hurt. She had never even seen such heights yet alone a cascade from such an elevation. Her legs felt as though they were being ripped from her thighs and her arms must have broken upon impact. The searing pain in her stomach made her sure that her insides had been crushed. But the pain started to subside before she could take in the full extent of her injuries. She took advantage of the use of her arms as soon as she felt she could. Within seconds her legs were back to feeling attached to her body rather than in pieces floating in the water, completely detached from any flesh. Somehow her body knew what to do. Her arms and legs moved in unison as she stroked through the water. 
The force of the river behind propelled her forward with too much speed. The rocks beneath the water smashed against her legs, trapping her arm. Her dress caught against something under the surface and yanked her down. She tried to grasp for its already shortened length to rip it, but her hand never touched the fabric. The water pulled her upper body away and swept her beneath the surface as her free hand reached frantically to reclaim the air above. Her body was caught between the rocks; her dress’s remains were tangled with branches in the water’s depths. Her hand couldn’t find anything as she was pulled completely parallel to the water’s rushing strength. It suddenly reached the air above and she felt the opening of the water just within reach.
Never would she have expected to make it so far to this new land only for death to find her in the very nature she expected to be taken on their initial journey. The passage had terrified her for months, yet it took only seconds for the river to claim her.
She couldn’t feel the rush of water all around her anymore. There was only the feeling of floating as her hand lifted above her and away from the surface. It flowed gently through the water’s powerful current as the darkness behind her eyes took her once more.
THE END OF BOOK ONE


Other titles by Bre Faucheux:
The Elder Origins
Exile (Elder Origins #2)
Encounters (Elder Origins #3)
The Keeper’s Realm
Cellblock Four
The Resurgence of Violet Blake (Violet Blake #1)
The Revival of Violet Blake (Violet Blake #2)
The Memoria of Chloe Winter (Violet Blake #3)
The Repossession of Violet Blake (Violet Blake #4)
***
Visit me at my blog: www.brefaucheux.com
If you enjoyed my book, I would greatly appreciate it if you left a review, recommend it to others, or lend it to friends and family.
If you do happen to write a review, email me at brefaucheux@gmail.com and I will send you a personal ‘Thank You.’
***
To be informed about new book releases and special promotions,
Connect with me online!
Bre Faucheux's NEWSLETTER
Bre Faucheux’s TWITTER
Bre Faucheux’s FACEBOOK
Bre Faucheux’s GOODREADS
Bre Faucheux’s YOUTUBE CHANNEL
