MODEL SPECIES

Katherine & Eric Nabity



Published by Entangled Continua Publishing at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Katherine & Eric Nabity


Discover other titles by Katherine & Eric Nabity at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/katenab

More about Weordan (including a calendar and glossary) can be found at http://entangledcontinua.com/weordan.html


Cover credits: Photo of Leonardo Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man contributed by Luc Viatour(Lviatour) to Wikimedia Commons. View more of Luc Viatour's work. Photo of drawing of Biston betularia by Dr. F. Nemos contributed by (Kilom691) to Wikimedia Commons



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Just as one can never completely wipe a slate clean, such is true in organic systems. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Complexity in Organic Apothos


Atendere 3, 20:54
One Day after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Office of Laros Nero

Laros Nero pushed away from his desk and rubbed the bridge of his nose. While the pile of paperwork hadn't disappeared, the light in his office had. One of the lamps had run out of fuel earlier in the week, and Nero hadn't gotten around to refilling it.
"No time like the present," he muttered.
He rose from his desk, retrieved the lamp's vessel, and a decanter of fuel oil. He detoured past the door and gathered the pile of mail that had been pushed through the slot.
After filling and replacing the fuel vessel, Nero twisted the disc at the lamp's neck. The lamp's emetanism flooded with fuel and activated the lamp's apothos. The white light brightened the room considerably, but did nothing to make Nero more enthusiastic. He flopped into his chair and tossed the mail on top of his last invoice.
"Good evening, Mr. Nero." The voice whispered clearly into Nero's ear.
The office was empty. Nero glanced toward the office's windows, but couldn't see past the glare caused by interior lights.
"Yes? Who is this?" A communication apothos could be used to contact Nero if the sender were currently viewing him or knew the layout of Nero's office and suspected that Nero was at his desk. "Listen, it's late. If we could meet tomorrow morning...?"
"No," said the voice. "Now is best."
The whisper made it difficult to tell how the voice would sound in normal conversation, but the pronunciation was cultured and the words were well formed. This voice wouldn't stutter during a focusing ritual.
"Fine," said Nero. He glanced again at the windows.
"Don't worry about trying to find me, Mr. Nero. And don't move too far from where you are right now." 
"Fine." Within a certain area, apothos would carry Nero's voice too.
"I'd like to hire you to find someone for me. I assume that you do that kind of work."
Nero didn't answer immediately. That this man would go through such lengths to remain anonymous was tiresome. It indicated that this client would be more work than he was worth, especially for a missing person case.
"I do, but I have to let you know, sir, that I have a pretty heavy case load at the moment. I'm not sure I have enough time to do justice to..."
The whisper interrupted his half-lie. "I would be willing to pay you double your normal rate, with a bonus for success."
In the quiet of the office, Nero heard a ringing in his ears, a faint buzzing tone. For a moment, he thought that the noise was coming from wherever the potential client was, but it faded into the background like a cottony ringing.
"I'm sure you have bills, Mr. Nero."
Nero did. A large envelope in his mail pile was one of them. Still, he was doing well. He had juggled a half dozen jobs over the last two bi-weeks and pulled in decent pay. After wrapping the last two cases, he wanted a break. He had earned one.
This case promised to be anything but restful.
"I am actually surprised that a business man like you has an office in your area of the city," said the voice. "The rent can't be cheap. I'm sure that getting a few months ahead on your rent would be a relief."
The ringing returned, loudly, but only for a moment. Nero squinted at the mess of mail and paperwork. A break would be nice. A bi-week to himself, maybe a trip to a resort in Trysorta. Extra money would help. Yes, the Nabalan Square Business Association was annexing another three blocks, including Nero's building. Rent would increase. One more job, well-paying, would make a big difference.
"What can I help you with?" Nero heard his own voice saying. He found his notepad under a mess of papers.
"I want you to investigate a man for me. He is old, with many physical ailments. He is hunched and his joints have been damaged by inflammation. Notably, his hands are weak and gnarled. His sight is poor. His skin is darkened with age but he suffers from a rash that often appears on his face and neck. His hair is, of course, gray and thinning. He is not an apothynom."
Nero scratched down the details. "Has this man been involved in criminal acts? Should I start my investigation with the local constabulary?"
"I suspect that he is involved with criminal elements, but he won't have a record," the voice replied.
"Any known whereabouts or kin? A name?"
"I have told you all that I believe is relevant. I'm sure you can manage with what I gave you."
"I appreciate your confidence in my abilities, but these details are rather vague. I will be able to discover much about old men, but not necessarily the one you seek. Other details will help limit my search." Nero kept his pen poised over the pad of paper.
"I realize that your results may be imprecise. Don't concern yourself with that. Simply find out what you can."
"Is there anything you can tell me about yourself? Some context for my search?"
"You need not be concerned with me. I suspect you would like to discuss your fees. I will have a retainer delivered to you tomorrow and will mail further payments. We will speak again some evening when you are at your desk. Do you have questions? Please consider before you answer, you will not have the means to contact me."
"No," said Nero. "I'll see what I can find out and have a report for you in a couple of days."
The conversation ended.
Nero rubbed his eyes and reread his notes. An infirm old man. No record, which didn't mean he wasn't involved in some criminal activity. It just meant he hadn't been caught or was new to the area. Scant details.
And his client? Why was he so concerned about secrecy? It wasn't unusual for clients to want discretion. Occasionally, a proxy was sent to speak with Nero, but being contacted by apothos was new. Nero tried to shrug it off. In the end, all of his clients visited in person.
Regardless, this case would be trouble. Nero hoped it would be worth it.


23:54
Warehouse near the Kenos Middle Docks

The old man doubled over in pain as his stomach cramped violently. His oily hair came loose from the thong that held it from his ebony face. In the shadows, the rims of his eyes glowed gold as did the palms of his hands and his mouth. He was wrapped from head to toe in a web of straps imprinted with fine, white stripes. They originated from a metal clasp centered over his porta flexus, the area in his center of his torso that also luminesced. He clutched at his abdomen, but hunger pangs continued to wrack his body. His moans, muffled by the humidity, disturbed a rat that lurked in the doorway. It scrabbled away.
The old man rummaged through the wreckage of several crates. As he fought to find a leftover morsel to sate his greedy hunger, he slipped on the moldy floor and crashed forward onto his shoulder. He stifled a groan against his fist as another wave of hunger passed through him. The pangs were not new to him, but they were worse than what he had experienced in the past. They alarmed him. Had he done something wrong? His muscles and organs, his very bones, screamed for sustenance. 
Among the broken wood planks, he found the remnants of a sausage. It was dry and salty, and he choked as he forced it into his mouth. He flailed through the crate slats, hock bones, and packing materials and let out a cry when he realized that nothing was left.
The corpse of the young man, still bound and gagged, lay on a table in the workroom. Beros had been his name. In death, his face was still younger than the rest of him. He had full cheeks and lips, heavy-lidded eyes and thick hair. In the scant illumination from the lamp on the street below, his flesh was darker than an abyss. Puncture wounds marked his arms, legs, hips and chest. The injuries matched those on the old man's body, hidden by his wrappings. The boy had other wounds as well. At his wrists and inner thighs, the old man had drained Beros' blood.
The blood… He had drained Beros; he didn't know how long ago and left it sitting in several glass carafes on the workbench. The intent had been to sell it. Certain people would pay good coin for preserved blood. But he should have cooled it immediately. How could he have forgotten to do that? It would go to waste. The ambition of the plan had outstripped his ability.
He grabbed the first carafe and cursed. He had forgotten the anticoagulant too. No matter. He reached a finger into the flask and fished the scab-like skin off the top. He couldn't let it go to waste. He brought it to his lips without hesitation and sucked it off his fingers. Before he could contemplate it, he washed it down with the blood. The liquid was sickeningly warm and thick, but removed the vestiges of what stuck in his throat. He did the same with the second carafe without spending time considering the sensations. Everything after the third flask settled his stomach and sated his hunger ever so briefly.
The blood made the next step easier.
The old man staggered to the body. He grabbed the leg of the corpse and jerked it from the rope that secured it. The old man used all of his weight to move the rigid limb so that the thick, meaty portion of the calf faced him. In a man like Beros, the muscle would be well-marbled with fat. The old man bit into the sinew and ground his teeth through the skin, into the striated tissue of the corpse's leg. He yanked backward and shook his head, but the meat would not pull free. He sucked at the wound and let go when his saliva did nothing to soften it.
He reeled toward his workbench, scattering Ignex flasks until he found a knife. He plunged the instrument deeply into the muscle and sawed viciously until a piece was separated from the bone. He bit into it and shaved as much as he could with his front teeth. The raw meat was difficult to chew. As he swallowed, he cut the next bite-sized chunk and shoved it into his mouth. The entire calf was gone before his hunger abated.
As he contemplated moving to the corpse's thigh, the unsavory, slimy lump in his mouth overcame his edacity. This too wasn’t new to him, but it was unpleasant and reflected badly on his planning.
In the weak light, the old man regarded the damaged body of Beros. It was regrettable. He would have to be better prepared next time. His technique needed refinement, but for now, he had to rest.



The phantoms in my head are as confounding as reading ancient chalk marks on a slate. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 8, 6:13
Six days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Apartment of Paulos Gaent

Inspector Paulos Gaent woke just after the sunlight hit the violet waters of Upper Suna Bay. Only the dark form of the Grand Bridge stretching across the channel interrupted the glare off the water. On the opposite shore, Denaphaos, sister city to Kenos, was still asleep.
Gaent fumbled to turn off his bedside alarm clock before it rang and rolled out of bed. He had slept wrong and his neck twinged with pain. The domiciles around him and the kitchen below were quiet. He crossed to the faucet and basin and briefly washed his face and patted his hair into submission. He wondered if his curly hair was thinner today than yesterday. Eventually his black hair would be completely gone and he would be as shiny-headed as his uncle Edarius. Worrying about the inevitable wouldn't help. Gaent dressed in comfortable clothes, plain brown pants and a dark blue shirt that was tailored to expose the locket that hung below his breastbone, over the gold glow of his porta flexus.
His apartment was high ceilinged and open and sparsely furnished. Only the desk in his study was cluttered, strewn with dusty books and loose notes. From a crate next to his desk, Gaent took a bottle of pomace brandy.
The largest of his three rooms was dominated by one of Gaent's favorite possessions. The rug was handmade, purchased during his travels in the Zimatran Mountains. The colors evoked the rich black-greens of the grassy plains, the deep red of the birds, and the chestnut Bays that lived beyond the mountains. For Gaent, the rug also showed the grays and greens and violets of the summer seas.
He broke the seal on the bottle of brandy, removed the cap, and took a deep pull. The amber liquor was sticky sweet and pleasantly warm. He placed the bottle on the floor at the edge of the rug and sat down beside it.
Gaent's pendant was an oval locket made of a matte black metal and unadorned aside from the clear window that displayed the configuration of graphite wafers inside. The pendant hung taut against his torso, nearly obscuring the soft yellow glow of his porta flexus. He opened the locket and checked the five squares of graphite that fit snuggly against the culcursus, a complex emetanism that helped an apothynom like Gaent perfect his craft and perform his duties. The fuel wafers were thinner than he'd expected. The golden layer of surfactant that had been painted on each wafer worked away at them continuously. He would need to replace the wafers soon.
Gaent snapped his locket closed and collected the pomace brandy. As he did every morning, Gaent began his apothos reinforcement exercises. The exercises, along with reinforcement from his culcursus, would improve his aptitude with an apothos. In most cases, Gaent reinforced what he might need in emergencies, when time was a factor. Unless he knew of some extenuating circumstance, he cycled through a standard set to make sure he would be adept when necessary.
Guided by the weaves of the carpet and the staccato rhythm of his fingertips against the bottle, he let his mind remember the patterns of each focusing ritual. Thoughts of his balding ebony pate and the stiffness in his neck receded. He had done this so often that he knew precisely when he needed to drink. 
With concentration, he began the culcursus linking apothos that he would maintain throughout the entire process. He felt the presence of the apothos as tension behind the porta flexus. Gaent was exhilarated.
He rarely used the apothos to staunch bleeding. The apothos was tricky, but in the aftermath of a confrontation, it could save a life. He kept it in his repertoire and reinforced it today. As he worked, the tension behind his porta flexus grew and spread upward to his eyes. Gradually, the pressure turned to warmth. As the apothos came to fruition, the reinforcement apothos ingrained it within him and associated it with the word "dry." "Dry" best represented his thoughts when performing the apothos.
Preparing for confrontations was another matter. For people who were simply misbehaving, Gaent had an apothos that would amplify his voice. It allowed him to command authority and to be clearly heard over loud noises. If a situation became violent, he also had an apothos that could shock a full-grown man to the point of paralysis. When dealing with more than one person, Gaent knew an apothos that would heat a block of caustic material, creating fumes that would irritate skin and eyes. As per his schedule, Gaent reinforced the last one. The physical effects of reinforcing that apothos were similar, except that the tightness in his chest spread outward through his arms and hands.
Gaent probably didn’t need to reinforce the apothos needed to amplify his voice. He’d used it frequently while tracking down the associates of a dead criminal by the name of Vlahos. However, some studies suggested that reflexive use of apothos didn’t reinforce proper technique, so Gaent changed his mind and practiced it just to make sure.
By the time he was finished, he barely noticed the increased tension in his chest and eyes or the warmth. What he did feel was fatigue. It would pass, both the discomfort and the exhilaration caused by the process.
The bottle of pomace brandy was three-fourths empty, and the sun was well above the horizon. He had taken longer than he'd realized. On his schedule was another apothos, one that allowed him to see better in the dark by amplifying the light that entered his eyes. It would have to wait until tomorrow.
He splashed water on his face again and gathered what he needed for the day. He stuffed a few pertinent papers and a fresh bottle of brandy into the leather satchel that he slung across his shoulders.
Outside his room, Gaent could hear the banging of pots and pans from the kitchen and the calls of fuel merchants making their rounds. He rarely caught the fuel merchant that visited his building. While others were just waking and preparing for their day, he was well into his. He would take care of buying fuel oil and wafers after work.
He hustled downstairs and into the kitchen. The room was very warm and the windows set high on the walls did little for ventilation. Some of the residents cooked for themselves, but Monar Leitar, their landlady, did most of it. She was a short woman with hair bleached to a fashionable caramel color that contrasted with her deep black skin. Her lack of stature was overcome by the vim she injected into every action. She was everywhere at once and kept the kitchen spotless.
"Good morning, Gaent. I was beginning to think that you had been called away early. But then, you would have left a mess on your way out and I found none."
"And good morning to you too, Miss Leitar." Gaent helped himself to three slices of dense, warm bread. Bread was a difficult thing to make, and Monar took great pride in her oven and the way she could manage to heat the bricks that baking required. Her locket was extravagant, but it lacked the display of graphite wafers that was popular among most apothynomi. She did wear a blouse with an inverted tear-shape cutout just below her bosom that showcased the green and gold design of the pendant as well as her porta flexus. For her occupation, she was a more talented apothynom than she needed to be.
Monar placed a glass of chilled cordial in his way and Gaent drank it quickly. He rinsed the cup under the water faucet and placed it by the basin. Monar Leitar sniffed at the improper job he had done, but did not comment. Gaent wrapped two pieces of bread and a slice of thick cheese in a cloth napkin and placed them in his bag. He ate a third wrapped around a cured sausage and dodged out of Monar's way.
Gaent grabbed a newspaper from the stack next to the door. The glaring headline concerned a politician that Gaent didn't care about. He flipped the folded bundle over to check for news about the Denaphaos researchers who were visiting Kenos. He had a passing interest, but didn't have time now to read a page-two article about them. Distracted, he almost walked into Teria as she came in.
"Look at you, leaving for work when work is coming to you," she said. Teria Bellaphaerenous was a short woman with glossy black hair and long-lashed golden eyes. She wore a flowing red dress that flattered her figure and carried a matching parasol with a hooked handle. Slung over her shoulder was her portable writing desk: a shallow, rectangular box with a latched lid.
"You might have missed me," he said.
"Unlikely. You take the same route every day. Anything good in the news?"
"Nope." He shoved the paper into his satchel. "What's so pressing that you sought me out? Don't tell me that we have a lead on the Vlahos case?"
Gaent still held half of his breakfast in his hand and took another bite as she led him away from the door. 
"How can you eat that?" Teria asked. "My stomach would turn flips if I tried to eat that at this time of day."
Gaent shrugged.
"You could at least heat it up."
"Vlahos?" he prompted.
"Nothing new on Vlahos. This is about a body that was pulled out of the channel. I was at headquarters when dispatch received the call. It's not too far from here, so I figured I'd save you a trip in."
"Kind of you," he said.
"And we can walk from here."
She had ridden her bicycle from Precinct Headquarters and had secured it to an overfilled rack next to his apartment building.
Precinct Headquarters was in the opposite direction. Use of apothos for long distance communication was efficient, but was limited by the target areas that an apothynom knew well. As far as Gaent knew, Headquarters' dispatchers weren’t familiar enough with his apartment to target him.
They headed toward the channel, Teria setting a quick pace.
"What do you know about this body?" Gaent asked.
Teria shrugged. "Not much. A graver on a hull cleaning crew spotted the body. He notified the dock sergeant who secured it and reported to dispatch."
"Do you know the sergeant that sent the message?"
"His name is Lor TorIntera. He's new and I don't know anything else about him."
"I hope no one will have tampered with the body," said Gaent.
"I don't know anyone as zealous about a scene as a new sergeant."
"Sure you do. A woman with your connections in the Darhoran Church must know plenty of votaries, all more zealous than some green sergeant who's had no practice at it." Gaent smiled at his jibe. Teria did not.
"You're always quick with a comment when it's at my expense, aren't you?"
Gaent bit back anything further. He had just put his clerk out of sorts.
"So, I take it you've finally put in for a new partner?" Teria asked after a few silent steps.
Gaent wasn't surprised at the conversation's turn.
Teria was a constabulary clerk, not an inspector. Mostly, clerks searched through city records in order to assist in investigations. A clerk was also often brought to a crime scene to record all information important to the crime. The best clerks, in Gaent's experience, were women.
All of the notes in Gaent's bag were in Teria's handwriting. She carried her board for writing, and the pockets of her dress usually held enough pens and ink to last her several days over. She was young and pretty and very good at her job. But unlike all detectives and most clerks, she did not wear a locket. Instead of a dress that exposed her porta flexus where an amulet would hang, she favored dresses that exposed her neck and collarbones.
"No, I haven't given a new partner any thought," said Gaent.
"Meaning that you're too lazy to put in the paperwork," said Teria.
That's the way it had started. When Maragos had been promoted, the precinct had been too short-handed to automatically move someone to inspector and Gaent had been too busy to complain. As the bi-weeks had slipped by, Gaent began eliciting Teria's opinions on cases. While she wasn't the most innovative person, Gaent had come to value her different perspective. At this point, another partner wasn't desirable.
"Don't worry, I'm sure Petorous will rectify the situation and you won't have to put up with as many of my remarks," said Gaent. The precinct chief had mentioned Gaent's partner status several times in the last half-week, much to the inspector's annoyance.
Teria didn't have time to respond. They had arrived at the scene.
A small crowd had gathered on the dock. Most of the by-standers were common folk. Gaent spotted a few lockets, and presumably, the sergeant wore one as well. Lor TorIntera was a bulky man with fat cheeks that contained a tinge of brown that contrasted with the rest of his jet face. Like most of the city constabulary, he wore a light-weight, dull green avitored breastplate that covered his chest and back. Beneath the armor, he wore a shirt and pants in the gray and navy colors of the city. A thick chain disappeared beneath the collar of the shirt, attached to his unseen locket. The gas gun hooked to his belt also had parts made of avitored. The slashes on the arm and collar of his shirt denoted his rank.
TorIntera was attempting to herd away the coopers, chandlers and loadsmen that were ignoring their jobs in favor of more interesting goings-on. The sergeant seemed unaware of the gravers who were cleaning the hull of a ship in the harbor. Gaent watched as their dark faces bobbed from the water near the dock to take a quick peek at what was going on, and then returned to their underwater work. None of these men were apothynomi of note. The body, which had been lain out on the heavy wooden planks of the dock, would not have been altered by apothos in the very recent past.
Teria quickened her step and pushed through the crowd. Her annoyance with Gaent was being taken out on those in her way. A burly, black-eyed loadsman made a lewd comment, but bowed his head when he realized who Teria was. She reached into one of her pockets and presented her credentials to the sergeant.
"We'll need you all to move along," Gaent called from behind the crowd, "after you supply your names. Including you," Gaent said to the dark-eyed man. Chances were, none of them knew anything, but Teria would take their details and they could be tracked down if needed. "Sergeant, please help Clerk Teria take names."
The clerk smiled sweetly at the grungy men around her and readied her papers and pens, parasol hooked over her arm. The crowd shuffled past on the hollow wood of the dock and formed a surprisingly orderly queue.
Gaent skirted the gathering and finally saw the body, blacker than a starless night. He put off nearing it for a little longer and stood at the edge of the dock. 
The gravers worked underwater scraping barnacles from the hulls of boats. It was quicker and easier to have a crew of gravers take care of a boat than to put it in dry dock. The workmen who had been curious earlier were now pointedly ignoring the dock, not surfacing at all. Gaent occasionally caught sight of the glow from their palms and porta flexus. Three or four minutes passed before he caught the attention of one of them. A man with a shaved head surfaced and inhaled deeply to easily keep afloat. He smoothly stroked to where Gaent crouched on the dock.
"Did one of you fish out the body?"
The graver pushed up his underwater mask and squinted one eye, deep in thought. His face cleared abruptly and he smiled. "Yup, that would be Kareo."
"Great, why isn't he here with the Sergeant?"
The lumpy planes of the graver's face pulled into a deep frown. "Well, you see, we have a job to do. We need to finish scraping this hull," he pointed to the ship behind him, "before this ship heads out at noon."
Gaent nodded unsympathetically. "We'll need you all out of the water and we'll send a constable with one of you to let your employer know what is going on."
The expressive graver couldn't have made a worse face if a shark had bitten off his left foot. Gaent was impressed that he swallowed a curse before he sank to relay the message. The gravers moved unfettered aside from their scraping tools, and were among the best swimmers known. A minute ticked by and then a second before the workmen surfaced and hauled themselves out of the water a few yards up the dock.
"And I don't want to have to send anyone in to check underwater," Gaent yelled. "I want the whole crew assembled." They ignored him for the most part, but Gaent knew that the men wanted no trouble.
The body had dried since the gravers had fished it out of the channel. Its bloodless black flesh hung loosely over its bones. A cheap long-sleeved shirt was buttoned over the torso, and loose ankle-length breeches covered the legs. Gaent approached it slowly, noting the position of the body before moving in closer. The man hadn't been killed here and sometimes how a body lay could tell a few things about what had happened. Here, it told little. The body was flat on its back, arms at its sides, and legs outstretched.
Gaent crouched near the corpse's head.
The dead man's face was sunken, fallen, despite the bloat from the water. His eyes were dark under half-open, thick lids. The lenses were clear, but the edges of the sockets had become a sickly brown. His hands were bony and all of the man's flesh pooled around his bones as if he had been melted in the sun. He had a full head of healthy hair. Sea life had eaten on some areas of the body, but not many. Nothing large enough vied for position among the boats and ships in the channel. Gaent doubted that the body had been in the water more than a day and a half.
Teria approached, writing without looking at her pen and board. The notes would be neat, neater than what Gaent could produce while paying full attention to his writing. Her gaze darted across the body, the dock, and the water beyond.
"I had TorIntera call dispatch for a few patrolmen to take names," she said, but her eyes didn't leave the corpse.
Gaent nodded. The gravers were standing in a huddled group waiting for their turn. The one with the shaved head and lumpy face was in the center of them, and wore his scowl deeper than the rest. "Make sure we get a chance to talk to that one."
Teria's eyes flitted toward the gravers. "The one with face that would sour milk?"
"That would be him."
She nodded and turned to the body. 
"What is that mark just under his collar?" She pointed the nib of her pen at the corpse where the top several buttons were undone.
Gaent barely noticed the faint brownish mark at the man's clavicle. He reached out and opened the shirt wider. The lighter coloration of the bruise stood out against the matte black flesh of the man's chest. Gaent carefully undid the rest of the buttons and found similar marks on each clavicle and at the sternum. They were all thick, round blemishes of brownish-gray. In the center of each, Gaent could see the torn flesh of a puncture wound.
"Do you know what those are from?" Teria asked.
"No idea. You?"
"I don't think I've seen their like." She made a small noise in the back of her throat, but dutifully continued to sketch.
"No locket," Gaent said. He would have been surprised to find one. The man's skin bore no signs that he had ever worn one. Another set of bruises started just above the waistband of the man's breeches where a hipbone jutted outward. "Make sure you note that each bruise had a puncture wound in its center."
Teria nodded. "There's one on the top of each shoulder too, right at the joint." She moved the cloth out of the way to show Gaent. She had sharp eyes. "I suspect that we'll find more on his legs."
"Good guess. He didn't just tumble off the pier. His eye sockets are substantially brown."
"Are you thinking exsanguination?"
Gaent nodded and pushed away the sleeves of the dead man's shirt. The wrist bore a deep incision that was consistent with cases where blood had been drained to be sold as surfactant.
"But I don't think the punctures are related to that, they don't pierce blood vessels and we wouldn’t see so much bruising if that were the case," said Gaent. "We'll check with Bisson; see if he can gives some names of the current sellers."
Gaent pushed the pants cuffs. The left leg was in generally fine condition aside from more punctures and bruises. On the right leg, the calf was entirely missing. "Now, that's interesting."
"Very," Teria agreed.
The wound was ragged. The muscle had been taken from the limb, leaving the bone exposed.
"Fish certainly didn't do this." Gaent shook his head and quickly glanced over the rest of the body.
"No other wounds like it," Teria commented as she watched.
"Dock Sergeant TorIntera?" Gaent called. He waved the sergeant over and rose to his feet. "I want you to clear the dock for me. I'm going to need a little peace and quiet. Send someone to talk to the employer of those gravers and keep them nearby. I'm going to want to talk to them myself."
TorIntera nodded several times and hurried off to carry out Gaent's instructions. Gaent was happy that the sergeant was content with his simple position. He didn't need anyone trying to help him more than he requested.
When TorIntera had herded away the bystanders, Gaent took the bottle of pomace brandy from his bag and started drinking. The apothos he had in mind would take significant energy to power.
Gaent was very aware of Teria sitting patiently next to him, and Sergeant TorIntera and the gravers watching him from down the dock. Gaent gazed at the waves in the channel and drew in some of the salty, fishy scent through his nose. When his mind was clear and calm, Gaent took another drink from the brandy bottle and prepared his body by whispering the incantations he needed.
Expediency wasn't needed and the apothos Gaent required was different from the ones he generally reinforced. Tension began to build in his chest behind his porta flexus. The pressure extended to his eyes until it became pleasant warmth.
As he spoke the final syllables of his focusing ritual, he leaned close to the corpse and focused on the puncture in the sternum. The apothos let his eyes see differently than they had before. Small features became large and he saw only topology. Things were a different color than they usually were.
"The puncture goes into the flesh," said Gaent. Somewhere far away he heard Teria's pen begin to scratch against her board. He followed the collapsed tunnel of the wound as it pushed through the layers of skin and other flesh. Instead of the docks surrounding him, Gaent only saw the track of the injury. "It follows straight to the bone and ends..." Gaent expected the wound to end at the bone, but it didn't. "It goes into the bone, into the middle. The bone has a void within it like the marrow has been taken out."
He moved on to another puncture, this one at the top of the shoulder. He followed it, past the tendons and ligaments of the joint, but it ended similarly in the bone of the upper arm. "Again the middle of the bone is empty," he relayed to Teria. The wound in the corpse's forearm was the same. Gaent released the apothos. The brightness of the sun shocked him and he quickly pulled away from the body.
A wave of fatigue fell over him and he compulsively reached for the brandy.
"Going to need some time?" Teria asked.
Gaent nodded and squeezed his eyes shut. "Yes. That would be nice."
Teria fished her watch from her pocket, noted the time, and marked it in her notes. "Our friends are getting restless, Gaent. Should I go ahead and ask some questions of them?"
"Yes, why don't you? I'll call when I'm ready. Make sure you ask if anyone knows this poor fellow. And the one that pulled him from the water is named Kareo. Ask him..."
 "Yes, I think I can handle it." Teria rose gracefully and gave him a smile as she turned toward the mob of gravers. She was an incongruous sight against the broad, wide-shouldered men. Gaent considered going with her, but she addressed them as equals.
"Which one of you is Kareo?" Teria asked. "I'd like to speak with him first."
The man that Gaent had spoken to with the shaved head and mobile face raised his hand. Gaent stifled a groan and retrieved the bread and cheese from his satchel.
When he finished his snack, Gaent didn't wait for Teria or call her back to him. He drank, performed the focusing ritual again, and began the work of exploring more of the puncture wounds. He didn't expect to find anything different from the others, and was soon proved wrong. In a puncture wound on the left leg near the knee, Gaent found a tiny transparent shard.


10:05
Kenos College

The shadow of the Organic Transformation Apothos Building cut into the sidewalk in a perfect forty-five degree wedge of dark gray. The sunlight whitened the usually cream-colored pavement and made it look wet. The panorama startled Alcander, causing him to disregard the sandwich he had been eating. This wasn't the first time he had come to this building on Kenos Campus, or the first time he'd seen this shadow. It was, in fact, the fourth time and each time it was the same. After the first, he'd endeavored to time his arrival to coincide with this event. Each time, Alcander felt that he had an older memory of this scene, but one that had no context for him.
Alcander often experienced this strange sense of familiarity, but rarely was it as strong as this case. He examined the play of light and shadow and wondered whether he had seen something like this scene in the past or whether it had been this shadow exactly.
He wondered what the contrast would be in the summer when the light was brighter. He doubted the shadow would be as black and sharp as it was in that other memory, or that the pavement would be so startlingly white. Those other memories never quite matched what Alcander found in reality.
A pang of hunger brought Alcander from his reverie. His body was still undergoing change. He gulped the remainder of the sandwich and brushed the crumbs from his fingers on to the monochromatic pavement below.

* * * * *

Selos Cartio caught the moth gently with one hand. The insect struggled against his fingertips despite the anesthetizing agent he had added to the attraction lantern. He made shushing noises to quiet the moth. Professor Torret claimed that it didn't help at all, but to Cartio, the sound soothed himself as well as the winged insects. When the moth had calmed, he placed it on his work tablet. The surface was tacky and the moth's legs stuck easily. It fluttered its wings a few times before surrendering.
Cartio placed a set of spectacles on his nose and adjusted their distance from his eyes. Every detail of the moth snapped into clear focus. He could see the feathered texture of its antennae and the powder that coated its wings. He had grown to appreciate the miniscule beauty of the creatures, but he didn't let it interfere with his work.
Cartio finished the cup of bitter apricot wine he had begun before he caught the moth. He gathered a hollow glass needle with a small detachable bulb at one end. With a steady hand, he pierced the thick body of the moth. It didn't move at all.
Cartio's reinforced apothos would draw the miniscule amount of liquid from the moth's abdomen. He slid the apparatus closer to his exposed locket and porta flexus. A thought, the word "needle," was connected to the memory of using the apothos as a student in one of Professor Torret's laboratory sections. With this memory, the apothos flooded forth, creating a sharp tension just behind his glowing porta flexus that quickly shifted to deep warmth.
In less time than it would have taken for him to say "needle" aloud, the apothos took effect and amber liquid crept through the needle into the tiny vial. Cartio withdrew the needle, removed and capped the vial, and disposed of the carapace. The procedure killed the moth, but the fluid would be instrumental in preparing the generations of moths to come.
He took the apparatus into the next room, away from the purple light and the sweet smell of the anesthetizing chemical. He was very careful to close the door behind him. Half of the adjoining room was set up with equipment for analyzing the sample. The paper-strewn desk that dominated the other side of the room belonged to Professor Torret. 
Cartio was surprised to find someone leaning over the desk. The man, fairly young in the face, grimaced as he straightened. He offered Cartio a friendly, shaky smile. He had lank hair and ebony-colored skin marred by a dark brown birthmark that curled under his chin. He wore a chain, but his shirt was poorly tailored and Cartio couldn't see the locket on the end of it.
"Can I help you?" Cartio asked. "I'm surprised I didn't hear you come in." He gently laid the tiny vial of amber fluid and his spectacles on the laboratory counter.
"Oh," said the man, "the door was cracked open. I thought that maybe Professor Torret had stepped out and I'd wait for him."
"Is the Professor expecting you?"
The man extended a hand to Cartio. "No, I'm sure he's not. I'm Alcander."
Cartio shook Alcander's hand, and was surprised at the slackness of grip in contrast to the man's wide frame.
"I was at a symposium recently," said Alcander. "During a lecture given by... I don't remember the name of the speaker, I'm afraid. I'm very bad with names. But Professor Torret's name was mentioned in connection with something that intrigued me."
"Indeed? Are you part of the group from Denaphaos that's here?" Cartio took a position near the desk, protective of the notes lying open. He didn't fear that this man would steal information, but taken out of context, the results might be misconstrued. He was naturally protective of how his work might be understood.
Alcander chuckled, a strange sound. "I am, but please, don't hold that against me."
For a brief moment, Cartio heard a high-pitched ringing tone in his ears. He pulled at his ear lobe and the sound abated.
"I've met quite a few of your group that would like to see things changed between our colleges," he said to Alcander.
"Indeed," Alcander said. "But as to the reason of my visit. I was still in town and I hoped I could ask Professor Torret one or two things."
Professor Torret had been scarce during the last bi-week. He wasn't in the habit of sharing personal details, but Cartio inferred that Torret was absent for personal reasons. Alcander quickly read Cartio's distress.
"If that's not possible, perhaps you could help me. You're Selos Cartio, yes?"
"Yes," said Cartio. "I'm surprised you know of me."
"I do. I've heard that you are probably the second most knowledgeable person about the moth research."
"I'm not sure where you heard that from, but I can try to answer your questions," said Cartio.
"I understand that the primary focus of your research is how moths produce their fuel, correct?"
"Yes," said Cartio. "How they produce it and in what form. We're attempting to manipulate the species to produce a richer fuel." Cartio couldn't remember if anyone had presented at the symposium about this aspect of Professor Torret's projects, but he was sure that it might have come up in discussions.
Alcander nodded. "Yes, yes. I know that part, but you've also manipulated ocules that affect how the moths use fuel, correct?" He spoke rapidly, caught entirely in the subject.
Cartio smiled. The number of people that understood that aspect was small. "It wasn't our intent to do that. It happened by accident, a correlation between production and usage characters."
"Merely a correlation?" Alcander asked.
"I'm being cautious," said Cartio. "We need more evidence to support cause and effect, but it does seem that the two are so closely related that when we change one ocule, both characters are affected."
"How exactly?" Alcander rubbed his cheek in thought, falsely trying to puzzle through it. "I'd love to see the data if I could."
"Sure," said Cartio. "Let me show you my notes."
"Please. Please do." Alcander retrieved his own spectacles from the pocket of his trousers. As he put them on and eagerly leaned over Professor Torret's desk, he scratched again at his cheek under his eye and whispered something unintelligible. "Please, forgive my scratching. Traveling gives me hives and a terrible rash."
"Oh yes," said Cartio. "That must itch terribly." But again, he heard the ringing in his ears. This time quieter, but more persistent than before.


11:20
Sinis Docks

Gaent let the apothos lapse, but held the position of the shard in his mind. With his eyes still closed, he reached for his brandy and took another three gulps. Then, Gaent reached out to touch the body.
The corpse was cool, the flesh was clammy and spongy. He resisted the urge to pull away. Gaent began the focusing ritual again. The pressure from the apothos returned to his chest and eyes, but was greatly muted by familiarity.
The shard snapped back into his vision, lodged in bone at the end of a path of torn flesh. While continuing to maintain the seeing apothos, Gaent began a second. The tension radiated from his chest, down his arm and into his hand. The shard twitched as the apothos moved it. Slowly, the sliver inched to the surface. When it was completely free of the body, Gaent slumped forward and let both apothos go.
"I thought you might need this." Teria set a tall glass of ouzo next to Gaent and resumed her cross-legged position beside him. She opened her parasol and propped it in the crook of her arm for shade.
Gaent straightened and rummaged through his bag.
"Need your hat?" Teria asked.
"No. Well, yes, but I was looking for these." From the bottom of his bag, he retrieved tweezers and a small evidence envelope for the shard.
"What did you find?" 
Gaent plucked the shard from the puncture wound. "Glass, maybe a crystal of some sort. I found it lodged in the bone."
Teria pulled a rumpled cloth hat from her writing desk and plopped it atop Gaent's balding head. 
"Thanks," he muttered.
Gaent straightened the hat and downed the glass of ouzo. The alcohol quickly worked its way into his system.
He held the open envelope to eye level and began the focusing phrases of a different seeing apothos. The tension within his porta flexus and eyes were completely overshadowed by Gaent's fatigue. The alcohol sustained him as he maintained the apothos and focused on the shard. The details cleared and the light near the shard brightened. He squinted, but it didn't help.
"You decided to continue without me?" asked Teria.
"I didn't figure I'd find anything other than more holes. And I didn't, aside from this. I can't tell too much. I know little about crystal structure," Gaent said as he put the envelope in his satchel.
Teria nodded. She searched through her sheaf of papers until she found one with a rough diagram of a man's body already printed on it. She began to draw in the bruises and puncture wounds with a deep brown pigment.
Gaent peered at the sky, the sun was just now nearing its apex. Time often compressed when he was working. It felt like only a moment had passed since Teria had met him at his door. The ache in Gaent's neck hadn't receded whatsoever. 
"Did you find out anything?" Gaent asked.
Teria didn't glance from her sketch. "No. None of them recognize the guy or are missing anyone. The body wasn't weighted down. In the unapologetic opinion of Kareo, it was dumped up bay. Caught in the boat line."
"Sounds reasonable," said Gaent.
"Yes, but I didn't require a fifteen minute lecture about local currents. You'd think I didn't know about the area."
"Forgive the ignorant, Teria," said Gaent.
"I always do, including you, but in my own time. So, what do you think?" She nodded at the corpse.
"I don't know what happened to this guy, but it took time. A private place. For now, we'll assume that he was dumped nearby and get some patrolmen checking the area."
"Not much clotting in the calf. It was done after the exsanguination certainly, probably a while after he was dead," said Teria. 
"The water is pretty cold this time of year. Still, I doubt he's been dead more than two or three days by the look of him. I'm going to call in to Petorous and get some men down here to do a door-to-door."
He scanned the area for a communications box.
"Two blocks toward Headquarters." Teria anticipated his question.
"Stay here and keep an eye on the body."
The communications box was made of tan stone panels covered by a heavy layer of graffiti and topped off with a square roof. At one time, the reinforced door had been dark lavender color. The only original decoration was a pattern of wave-shaped ventilation holes at the top of the box, some of which had been covered or plugged.
Gaent scrounged through his satchel until he'd retrieved his box key. Each cubicle was secured by the same lock. The latch was simply meant to deter vagrants and extreme vandalism to the inside of the box. He inserted the key in the lock and jiggled it around. The booth hadn't been used in a while, and the lock stuck. Gaent wondered if Sergeant TorIntera had used a newer box in the area.
As he expected, the inside of the box offered only what was intrinsic for its use. Diagrams etched into the walls showed several views of the city with important government buildings marked. A scale and compass were included at the bottom of each diagram, denoting distance and direction. Newer boxes included emetanisms to help those less capable with communication apothos, but this one didn't. That was just as well for Gaent. He knew the area well enough to judge where and how far away his target was.
The communication apothos Gaent used wasn't complex. It required a moderately complex transduction apothos that projected the sound of his voice in a form that would not be interrupted in its passage through obstacles. The process became more difficult as he focused on the location of Bayside Headquarters and directed a refraction apothos to make the sound audible at the other end. In different circumstances, it wouldn't have been too difficult for Gaent, but after the activities of the morning, it took considerable effort and the remainder of his pomace brandy to mold the apothos.

* * * * *

Petorous frowned at the landscape of his desk. Dia, his secretary, had straightened things. The requisition form he required was no longer in evidence. He had known where it was this morning, now he could only guess what neat pile it was in.
"Dia?" He fanned through a blue folder that seemed utterly foreign. Petorous massaged the back of his neck and lowered his weight into his creaking chair. "Dia?"
Where was she?
He tossed the blue folder aside and picked through a smaller stack of evidence leaflets.
"Petorous, this is Gaent at Docks, Box 17."
The voice was as clear as if Paulos Gaent was standing right beside him. The abruptness of it startled Petorous enough to drop the reprimand back into the wastebasket.
"Please respond."
Gaent had smugness that Petorous appreciated but could not officially tolerate. Petorous could hear the inevitable smile in Gaent's voice.
"Docks, box 17," Petorous muttered. He tried to picture it and couldn't quite. He sifted through the piles on his desk and tried to find the map that showed the box numbers.
"Petorous, please respond to docks box 17," said Gaent again.
Petorous couldn't find the map and he wasn't confident enough to try to answer without knowing which box number seventeen was.
With a grumble, he heaved out of his chair, brushing against a precarious pile of paperwork, toppling it. He barked a curse.
"Dia?" He roared as he yanked open the door of his office. "That pile needs to be righted." He didn't wait for a response. He plowed through the station to the dispatch room.
Petorous envied the serenity of the dispatch room. The men and women that worked there easily dealt with incoming and outgoing messages, and remained unruffled when the work outside their isolated room became frantic. In personal appearance, the entire lot was neatly groomed. The room was full of soft conversation and the scratching of graphite pencils. Each dispatcher worked a short shift of linking conversations via apothos and then a longer shift transcribing and delivering messages. In their spare time, they reinforced their communication apothos to rectify flaws in their technique that popped up after constant use.
"Sir?" said one of the young women sitting near the wall. She was homely, but with a scrubbed face and intelligent eyes.
"I need Docks, Box 17."
"Yes, sir. Booth five is free." He approached the empty booth as the girl quickly modified her apothos to direct Petorous's voice to Docks Box 17. This dispatcher, like all of them, knew the locations of communication booths within the Precinct like she knew her own face. She nodded when she was finished as an indication that the connection was ready.
"Gaent, dispatch booth five." He waited tentatively for Gaent's confirmation that the apothos had indeed moved his voice to the proper box, and that Gaent could in fact use his own apothos to project his voice into booth five.
"Gaent?" he said again. He tried to keep his voice quiet, he was well aware that none of the dispatchers talked as loudly as he did.
"Right here, Petorous. Out near the lovely docks in Box 17. What are you doing in booth five instead of being in your office?"
Again Gaent's voice contained a smile.
"You had better not be calling in for more men," said Petorous. "When I assign you a partner, you'll be able to handle a crowd better. Now, what's your initial opinion on that body?"
"Murder."

* * * * *

"Excuse me! Excuse me!" A tall, shapely woman brushed past a couple navy-and-gray uniformed patrolmen to reach Gaent. She wore a brightly-colored dress with a V neckline that plunged to her navel to show off her overly ornate locket. "I know a great deal about the surrounding events," she said. "I heard everything that happened from about two blocks away."
She pointed behind her, being sure to lean toward Gaent as much as possible as she did so. Her locket hung on a thick serpentine chin that threaded between her cleavage. The locket itself was pinned to her dress instead of being held tight by the emetanism.
"Oh?" said Gaent. With that slight encouragement, the woman grabbed on to Gaent's arm.
"Yes, I heard a noise while I was working. A scream!"
Gaent nodded and redirected the woman's attention. "Why don't you speak to one of those gentlemen right over there. He can take your statement."
"But I--" 
"I don't have time to speak to you. That patrolman does." Gaent gave her a slight push toward the others. The scantily clad woman scowled and walked off, her testimony now put to the side.
"Disgraceful. Do women think that's going to work?" Gaent muttered.
"Women like that are desperate for an apothynom husband," Teria said quietly. "It's not just her fault that she hunts for a man with a culcursus." Teria noticed Gaent's effort to refrain from commenting. "Sorry, I'll withhold my sermon until later."
Gaent couldn't resist the opening.
"Darhora would be pleased," he said with a grin.
He was tired. He had talked to too many people that didn't know anything. "I think it's about time to call it a day, Teria."
Teria nodded. "Yes, time to head to Headquarters and deal with Petorous." She said it too cheerfully. "I'm sure he's eagerly awaiting our full reports."
Gaent shrugged his satchel into a better position on his shoulder. The twilight was past, but his day was far from over. "Maybe we'll be extra lucky and have some movement on the Vlahos case as well."
"Hat." Teria held her hand out. "If you don't give it back, you'll lose it and I won't have it for you next time."
Gaent pulled it off his head. "Yes, ma'am. Let's get something to eat before we go face Petorous."
"Agreed," said Teria.
They weren't two blocks from the docks when Gaent heard another voice call from behind him. He ignored it. He didn't want to deal with another bystander who was certain she was an invaluable witness.
"Inspector Gaent! Sir?" 
He turned when he heard his title. 
The owner of the voice was a young woman in a Kenos City uniform. "Sir?"
"Yes, what can I do for you?"
"They've found something, sir. A laboratory and we've apprehended a suspect!" Gaent was certain the young patrolman hadn't done much in conjunction with the apprehension of a suspect, but he couldn't begrudge her excitement.
"Lead on," said Teria. The young patrolman smiled and bobbed her head.
Gaent kept in step with the girl. "Is the suspect an apothynom?"
"Yes, sir, he is."
"Has he been annulled?"
"In the process, sir. A locket has been taken from the suspect and Sergeant Ortund has called a vacatun to disperse the suspect's reinforced apothos. If he has any."
"Good," said Gaent. Taking an apothynom's amulet and removing the stored apothos potential wouldn't completely keep him from performing an apothos ritual if he was determined to do so, but it would make it very difficult.
The warehouse sat at the edge of the docks with wide sliding doors along the waterfront. The building was newer than most, made of gray brick. The doors were brightly whitewashed and the windowsills were freshly painted. Toward the street, a set of offices climbed the front of the building, and light poured through the windows on the third floor.
"This is it," said the patrolman, stating the obvious.
Patrolmen crowded the front of the building, and among them, sitting on the ground was a long-haired man with a horse face and stringy limbs. His hands were bound behind him by locked wrist cuffs, which were staked to the ground. Similarly, his ankles were bound and staked. Kneeling behind him was a tired man with gold-rimmed amber eyes and a copper locket hanging around his neck on a thick chain beneath a long open coat. The vacatun held a silvered flask of clear alcohol and worked to disperse the conditioning that had been built up by the longhaired man. With every completed step of the vacatun's esoteric transformation apothos, the prisoner let out an agonized groan. Gaent didn't understand why people were interested in seeing a vacatun at work. The thought of apothos being stripped was uncomfortable to him.
Gaent quickly spotted the ranking constable, a burly man with veins that bulged from his forehead. "I'm Sergeant Ortund," he said after Gaent showed his credentials.
"What led you here?" Gaent asked.
"We received a tip from a resident. Claimed that some glassware had been seen delivered here." Ortund had a voice that matched his barrel-shaped body. Gaent noted that he was careful not to use identifying information about his tip, not even including the pronouns 'him' or a 'her.'
"How did they know it was glassware?" Teria asked.
Ortund answered, speaking to Gaent instead of Teria. He was part of the Bayside Precinct and knew of Teria and her status as Gaent's clerk. "The genius here opened the crate and checked out the wares in plain sight."
When the vacatun had finished his business, the horse-faced man was allowed to rise with only his wrists still cuffed together. Despite the pain and fatigue caused by the annulment, the prisoner lurched and tried to pull away from his guards, but a swift thud from one of his escort's batons calmed him again. As Gaent watched, one of the constabulary's secure cabs arrived. With two sturdy horses pulling it, the cab was much heavier than most that traveled the streets of Kenos and had stout locks on the doors.
"Is he the owner of the warehouse?" Gaent asked.
"Nope. His father is." Ortund pointed to a man that was as thin as the bound man, but with shorter hair. They had the same angular face. "Eltimo Mentalleo."
Ortund waved him over. Several patrolmen followed him as well, but made no move to restrain him. The chain of Eltimo's locket was thick and too short. The amulet hung too high and was square, a shape that had been more common a few years ago.
"Eltimo Mentalleo?" Gaent asked, officially.
The tall man nodded. "Yes, that's me."
"Can you tell us about your son?" Gaent asked.
"He's not my son," said Eltimo. "Not anymore." His words were hard and raspy. "I didn't know what that fool was doing here..." He shook with anger and Ortund took a firm step between Eltimo and the departing cab.
"Did your son have business at the warehouse?" Gaent asked quietly.
"I gave it over to his brother and him. I figured it was time to give them some responsibility." The older man clenched his hands and shook his head harder.
"Sergeant Ortund, while we check the premises, perhaps you could get Mr. Mentalleo something to drink and take a preliminary statement from him," said Teria. Ortund ignored her and crossed his arms over his chest.
Gaent clenched his jaw. "Ortund, take a statement while my clerk and I check the premises."
Ortund brought his head down in a sharp movement and dug a grubby notepad from beneath his breastplate. "Fine. Come along, sir."
"We'll speak with you again later," Gaent told the older man.
Gaent moved away and into the building with Teria at his heels.
"I'd like to know what's going on here before we hear Mr. Mentalleo's version of it," said Teria.
"Not a bad call," said Gaent. "But I doubt that he knows much about what his son was in on."
"And if he does, I'm sure he has no compunction about denying all knowledge of it."
"Not necessarily, Teria," said Gaent. "A father is more likely than you would think to believe the worst of his son."
Teria considered the statement, but did not comment on it.
Several more patrolmen stood just inside the building. "The evidence is upstairs," one supplied. "Third floor."
The offices were small and cluttered. While the desks were clean of dust and dirt, they were covered with stacks of papers. More ledgers were piled atop an empty packing crate on the first stairway landing.
"I wonder how long Eltimo's sons were in charge here," said Gaent. "This is a good year's mess."
"Only a year?" muttered Teria. She noted the question to ask Eltimo Mentalleo later. She peered at the top of one of the piles as she passed. "The windows must be quality. The sunlight hasn't damaged these too much."
The second floor hallway was lit by small globe-shaped lanterns and overlooked the warehouse space below. A patrolman leaned on the balcony railing and nodded when he saw Gaent. Gaent could see a great skeleton of a moving crane bent over the heavy crates that filled the area. Each crate was labeled with sloppily painted black letters. The letters and numbers named them in a way that Gaent was unfamiliar with. "Do you know what's being stored here?" Gaent asked the patrolman.
He squinted. "Incoming cloth," said the patrolman.
"You can read those markings?"
"Some. My dad ran a clearinghouse. I've seen a few crates in my life."
"The markings tell when the stock came in as well, correct?" Gaent asked.
"Yes, sir. What I can see came in yesterday and the day before." The patrolman remembered his station and straightened. His locket chain disappeared beneath his uniform shirt and Gaent caught sight of a second baton sheathed through his belt. The emetanism in its handle could deliver a shock.
"Thank you," said Gaent.
"No problem, sir," said the patrolman. 
The third floor hallway was enclosed with only one door leading to a long, narrow office. Two patrolmen stood outside the room and with one more inside. The lone patrolman inside the room was carefully bending over a long wooden counter piled with tightly sealed containers and dirty glass equipment. He was trying not to touch anything, but was too clumsy to avoiding brushing against everything along the edge of the counter.
"I'm Inspector Gaent and this is Clerk Teria," he said to the patrolman. "We'll take over the scene."
The patrolman stepped quickly away from counter. "Yes, sir," he said and quickly left.
Gaent gathered one of the square containers and opened it. Inside was a fine powder with a faint pink tinge to it.
"What do you think, Teria?"
Teria leaned over the container. "Wing dust?"
Gaent nodded. Wing dust was a common illegal drug. It was easy and cheap to make and popular among drug users. He returned the lid to its container and tossed it on the counter. "This isn't what we're searching for," he said. "There's not enough room here, for one."
"Could have used an area downstairs," said Teria.
"Possible," said Gaent. "He would have had to clear it out. Despite the management, this warehouse is being well-used."
Teria nodded. She had started an inventory of the countertop. None of the cups, beakers, and tubes had the telltale coloration of emetanic glassware. All of it was crusted with chemicals.
Gaent shook his head. "Don't bother, Teria. This kid is small time. What I found in that wound is far beyond anything he's dreamed of. We'll turn this over to someone else."
"You sure?" Teria asked.
"We'll make sure that the place is searched well and follow up on this, but otherwise, being here is a waste of time." Gaent knew what was a lead, and what was a dead end.
This was a dead end.


22:27
Fuel Seller near Paulos Gaent's Apartment

"Well, aren't you a rat-gnawed hound."
Gaent didn't know the name of the broad woman who worked late at the fuel booth, but she rarely failed to make him smile.
"Long day, Inspector?"
"Not much office work for me today." Gaent set two empty vessels on the countertop. With strange grace, she collected the first vessel and took it to one of the spigots that lined the wall behind her. Each was attached to a cask that was hidden behind the paneling.
"I'm sure you prefer days like today to those office days," she said. "I think I would, but maybe thieves and crooks aren't your type of people." The spigot squeaked like a mouse when she turned it. The oil flowed into the container, making no sound at all.
"And don't forget the occasional dead body," said Gaent.
The lady's eyebrows climbed halfway to her hairline. "Oh, yes, can't forget those. So that's why you're out so late." She placed the first jug back on the counter and picked up the second.
"That and a lecturing patrol chief."
With another squeak, she filled the jug. "Maybe you should become one of those independent investigators. You wouldn't have to deal with the chief anymore."
"I rather like my credentials," said Gaent.
She nodded. "That, I can understand. Anything else?"
"Fuel wafers for this." Gaent tapped his locket.
She squinted at his locket. "A six unit wafer, two fours and two ones?" 
"That's right. And surfactant leaf as well."
She handed him four squares of graphite that were the proper size and thickness for his amulet along with a packet of thin surfactant gel that Gaent could apply to the wafers when he needed to install them.
"Thanks." Gaent paid the difference with a stack of coins. He received a small allowance in addition to his salary for such things.
It was very late when Gaent finally settled into his apartment. He was tired, but he cleared off his desk and laid out his stack of notes in a haphazard manner. Too much that was still unknown. No one knew how the body had gotten into the channel. Gaent didn't know the dead man's name. Tomorrow, Teria would check the missing person complaints and follow through with the leads that might present themselves. Gaent paged through the notes twice, but nothing new appeared in Teria's neat, simple letters.
He fished the small envelope from the bottom of his satchel. The shard was very small and without the help of an apothos he wouldn't have been able to dig it out or find it. It had to be a piece of whatever had been inserted into the body. Too small to be of much use. The shard had been exposed to blood and seawater.
He gathered a new bottle of pomace brandy, but then abandoned it for a dry sour wine. The taste would stimulate him as much as the alcohol content. He muttered through the focusing ritual for the apothos, appreciating the gentle tension in his chest that spread to his eyes. This was an apothos he rarely utilized, but occasionally reaped some useful information.
He brought the envelope close to his nose and inhaled, flaring his nostrils to bring in every bit of scent he could. The apothos helped concentrate those scents and sort through the different varieties. He smelt the sea and blood as well, but nothing else.
Gaent hoped that tomorrow would reap better results, but he did give his notes one more glance before he went to bed.


23:53
Bayard's Bounty Tavern

Weak light spilled out from the tavern windows and on to the cobblestones. Globular street lamps stood at every corner. The bulbs were efficient and glowed around the clock, dimming during the day as their emetanism dictated. The fuel in the lanterns would last for days until a fuel cart came around to refill their reservoirs. The street was quiet except for the bustling noise from the Bayard's Bounty Tavern. The hour was late, but music still played, women still laughed.
The band consisted of a boy with a set of drums, an older man with a bass, and a young woman with a guitar and a clear voice. Young men and women danced and their skin gleamed with sweat.
In the midst of this activity, a broad-shouldered man sat at a corner table, shoveling a third bowl of thick stew into his mouth. He didn't pay much attention to his food aside from making sure it passed his lips. Through his sleepy eyes, he watched a young man and his group of friends. He had become familiar with the sights and sounds of the tavern during past visits. Tonight, he was ready to focus on business.
Five nights out of ten, a group of students gathered in an open booth at the rear of the Bayard's Bounty. Lystus was the center of them. He was fit, with short-cropped hair and a nose that was maybe too big. The pallor of his skin was a fine shade of ebony that hid the flaws that he might have had. The girls that sat attentively near him certainly didn't notice his flaws. Tonight, two women were in attendance. The girl with sharp features was Lexia. She was always at Lystus' side. The other woman was prettier with darker eyes and a low voice. She was with the equally dark-eyed young man with a bulbous nose. Alcander had seen them more often than not. Another boy was part of the regular crowd too. He was wide and muscular and rarely said more then five words. That was Aeron. And tonight a sixth sat at the table. Alcander had never seen him before. He was thin with hair that had once been bleached brown, but not in quite a while. All were young. All wore fashionable clothes that bared the porta flexus and displayed the impressive lockets they wore.
It was never long before they began their nightly game.
The game they played could be considered pointless or wasteful. Each word brought forth an apothos that had been reinforced earlier. Alcander assumed that the word said aloud was not necessarily the one connected to the apothos. The first person had the easiest time. They chose the word to use. Everyone else had to follow with a rhyme or a close association.
After weighing each other, the new student with the badly dyed hair started.
"Flight," he pronounced and with a gesture of his gold palms, the apothos was completed. A blast of wind blew the dark-eyed girl's hair away from her head. It only lasted an instant, but it wreaked its own brand of havoc.
None of the participants at the table were impressed, and Lexia stifled a laugh behind an upraised hand. Calmly, the dark-eyed woman leaned forward and dipped her finger in the light-haired man's drink.
"Blight," she said. The mildly tamed alcohol in his glass gradually evaporated. She waited until every last drop was gone before she gave him a slow smile.
"That's not funny," he said as he added tamed ouzo to his glass from the pitcher in the middle of the table.
As Alcander understood it, "tamed alcohol" was a misnomer. The alcohol was not "tamed" by the additive. Instead, the additive inhibited the body's metabolism of the alcohol, keeping it circulating in the blood. Supposedly, this mimicked the effect that alcohol had on non-apothos using species like Bayards. Why anyone would want to duplicate those feelings, Alcander didn't know. But then, he didn't understand the improper use of "tamed" either.
"Oh, I've got one," said the man with the bulbous nose. He grabbed a coin out of the dark-eyed girl's purse and placed it flat on his hand. "Plight," he said. The coin slowly vanished from sight.
"Apt," said the dark-eyes woman. "You are always broke, Detinos."
"And tonight, you're going to need a loan to pay for your drinks too," said Detinos, but Alcander saw him slip the coin back after the apothos had lapsed.
They were starting slow tonight. While these apothos would have been more easily performed with an external fuel source instead of the large quantities of tamed alcohol that were being consumed, they were conservatively placed. Thus far all had been performed near the hands, one of the places where it was easier to generate external apothos.
"Lystus? What do you have?" Detinos asked. "The last word was plight."
Lystus could use an easy rhyme, a simple ways of doing things. He could say, "Light," for example and create a sparkling jewel of brightness in his hand or in front of his face before his eyes. But that wouldn't do.
Especially not for Lystus.
"Sprite," Lystus pronounced.
A small spark danced out of the wall sconce behind Lystus and bobbed about the group in time with the bass and drum. The apparition caught the eye of the pretty singer who waved to the group while in mid-song.
The transduction apothos was not intricate, but it generated far from Lystus' body, far from his porta flexus or his hands or his eyes. It took tremendous energy and control to generate an apothos in that manner and to maintain it for a significant period of time. But that was Lystus. The boy tossed about apothos with ease.
Alcander was filling the gaps in his knowledge. Only a few nights past, he was wholly reliant on emetanisms, unless he wanted to produce an inefficient orange light. That crude transduction apothos had been difficult for Alcander. He had needed many observations of the technique in the past few days to understand it. Some other, more complex transformation apothos came easy for him. What would it have been like if he had a formal education? The possibility was tempting. Alcander considered many options, but he wasn't ready yet to act on them.
Alcander pushed away the empty stew bowl and took a deep drink from his own tankard of unaltered ouzo. He had reinforced his own selection of apothos for tonight. Thief, Alcander thought to himself.
The word was connected to the memory of using the apothos in the past. Alcander had asked Gordellous, his employee, to perform an apothos while this apothos did its work. He had reinforced it often since then. The tension began in his chest near his porta flexus and spread to his eyes. A wave of warmth and wellbeing followed in its wake.
"Thief." His whisper was swallowed by the noise around him.
He squinted and watched Lystus finish another apothos. The boy caused twinkling motes to sparkle off the edges of all the glasses sitting on the table. Lexia was delighted and the dark eyed woman was pleased. Alcander's apothos allowed him to see just how much Lystus brought to bear to create that small illusion. It affirmed once again what Alcander had suspected of the boy.
Alcander waited until the music abated. He wanted conversation to go as easily as possible. With another gulp of ouzo, he rose to his feet. While his hands no longer ached, his knees crackled and reminded him that his work was not done.
Alcander straightened as much as possible as he approached the group. He had done his best to prepare for this situation, but many variables were out of his control. None of them noticed him until he was leaning forward to talk to Lystus. "Could I buy you and your friends a drink?" he asked.
Unfortunately, he had chosen a poor time to introduce himself to Lystus. The man with the bleached hair leaned in to compliment one of Lystus' apothos as Alcander had started to speak. When he finished, Alcander repeated himself, raising his voice to be heard over the cross-conversations that swirled around the group.
Lystus smiled brightly.
"Certainly. I don't have anything against free drinks." Before Lystus could continue, Lexia diverted his attention.
"My name is Promander," Alcander said. He offered his hand to Lystus, interjecting between Lystus and the young woman. "Wing dust," he whispered.
The boy didn't hear and the effect of this reinforced apothos was subtle, adding to the tension and warmth in Alcander's chest and the region behind his eyes. Lystus smiled now and met Alcander's gaze.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Promander," said Lystus. "Please, have a seat."
"Thank you, I will," said Alcander.
Lexia wrinkled her nose, but Alcander ignored her. It was Lystus that mattered.



The violent purpose of felid design is not in question, only the motivation for their creation: sport or war? -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Atendere 9, 12:58
Seven Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Middle Docks

Gaent's head buzzed with the heat of the noon sun.
He and Teria had returned to the docks in the morning with as many patrolmen as could be spared. The marks on the body were disturbing, Petorous decided, and he gave Gaent the resources needed to collect information quickly. Kenos College had recently mishandled the disappearance of one of its students and Petorous didn't want a repeat of the incident. As time passed, leads grew cold.
"That's it?" Gaent asked the stocky patrolman before him. "We gathered the same names yesterday."
"Sorry, sir. I guess there was some overlap." He seemed as though he were preparing to leap away if necessary.
" 'Some' is an understatement."
Both of the men were happy to see Teria approach, open blue parasol propped against her shoulder. She was smiling, broadly.
"See Sergeant TorIntera for your next assignment," Gaent told the patrolman.
Teria stopped him. "Actually, you might want to wait."
"You have good news?"
"I have an ID on the body."
"How?"
The patrolman shifted his weight, doubly nervous around his superior and his superior's scribe.
"A cooper by the name of Delralous Harb came forward this morning about a friend of his that's been missing. We took him in and he positively identified the body as Beros Evetorropelo."
Gaent shook his head in disbelief. "Good job. What else do we know? When and where was Beros last seen?"
"Harb saw him last at Fin's bar on the evening of the second. Beros needed money and had a job lined up that evening." Teria raised a hand before Gaent could ask. "Harb didn't know where or for whom. Beros said he'd been hired to move some crates for an old man with a pronounced stoop."
"Let's talk to TorIntera and update him on what we're looking for, and get someone back at Headquarters pulling more information on Beros Evetorropelo and Delralous Harb."

* * * * *

The next hour proceeded much as Teria suspected it would. Gaent took over the relaying of information and it was assumed that he had found and spoken to Delralous. As a scribe, Teria was used to this and Gaent was better than most at attempting to deflect credit. She didn't have time to be upset. As Beros' family and other acquaintances were contacted, Gaent and Teria were in the neighborhood of the victim's employer.
The crudely painted sign above the door read "Gorlen's Gravers." Pasted to the wall of the alley was an aged flyer advertising jobs for strong young men with excellent swimming skills. This establishment was of poorer quality than the one that employed the gravers that had found Beros' body.
"This looks like it's the place," said Teria.
Gaent grimaced and pushed open the unlatched door. It swung open into a narrow hall that ended in a second door that did not fit its jamb. It was half-open. A mammoth man leaned sideways to see around the door.
"Yes?" he bellowed. "Can I help you?"
"I'm Inspector Gaent. This is Clerk Teria," said Gaent as he pushed the door open the entire way. "Are you Gorlen Hoarpin?"
Gorlen Hoarpin hauled himself from his chair and squeezed around the heavy wood desk that filled most of the dank room. The man was not an apothynom and kept his ample bosom and belly covered.
Sharp edged graver's tools leaned and laid in every corner of the office.
Hoarpin examined Gaent's credentials and nodded to Teria. Teria brought out her writing board and bumped into Gaent. He moved forward an inch, and stopped short of bumping into Hoarpin. The large man was utterly unperturbed about the lack of space in his office and moved back to his chair.
"Inspector, eh?"
"Yes, we'd like to ask you a few questions."
"Oh?" Hoarpin shifted his weight and sat with a creak. The expanse of his desk was water-stained and warped. A greasy blotter served as a place mat for Hoarpin's half-eaten lunch.
"Do you employ a man named Beros Evetorropelo?" Gaent asked.
"Not anymore," said Hoarpin. "The lout hasn't been in to work for the better part of a bi-week. I'm sure he'll be back when he's wasted all his money. Well, he can go find someone else when he needs a job. I need responsible people. I need to know how many men I have when I agree to contracts. I'm tired of men walking off without a word. Just like my first wife."
"You won't have to worry about Beros coming around again," said Gaent. "He's dead."
Hoarpin's wood chair creaked ominously. "Well, I don't mean to be heartless, but I really can't shed tears for him. He was just a boy that worked for me. He wasn't even a good worker. He often took off early to take other jobs. Him and a few other men. But I can understand that. We're being shorted on jobs since the Harbor Bureau is employing their own scrapers. Some days I don't have enough jobs for the men I have. It's the city, you know, horning in on my business, but I guess I shouldn't say too much about that to you."
"Do you know what sort of jobs Beros took? Where he might have made contact with other employers?" Gaent asked.
"And why would I know a thing like that, Inspector? I don't make friends with my employees. And you might be an apothynom of some skill, but I am not. I can't do some fancy divination that shows me where every man is at all times. Oh, wouldn't that be a nice thing to have? That's not to say I don't have some apothos talents. More than the average man certainly. Igniting my lamp and maintaining the flame is always a special delight to me." He gestured to a lamp with a bubbled, green hood that hung on the wall. "And there's so many other things that apothos can be used for, don't you agree? So many chores that can be made easier with it. My wife didn't see that. She ran off with some priest." He paused and looked Teria up and down, noting her lack of amulet. Before Gaent could cut into the conversation, Hoarpin shrugged and continued. "Maybe I should get me one of those amulets, eh, Inspector? Might help me out? Can you suggest a good place for me to get one of those? Or maybe I should train to be one of those oinos. I've heard they can do things that apothynomi can't do. I've heard they can move so fast that you can't see them. They just disappear and reappear somewhere else. So goes the story."
"Can you tell me the last time Beros worked?" Gaent had lost patience with Hoarpin's ignorance. 
Hoarpin crossed his arms over his chest. "Seven or eight days ago. Paid him at the end of the day and that was the last time I saw him." For once, the big man had nothing more to say on the subject.
"Do you have a list of gravers that work for you that we can speak to?" Gaent asked.
Teria assumed that the ledger on the desk contained an employee list as well as other information.
"If it's necessary, I can make one," Hoarpin said tightly. He placed one meaty hand on the ledger. 
"It's necessary," said Gaent.
"I'll have it tomorrow morning."
"I'll give you two hours until we come back with authorization to look at your records."
"Fine," Hoarpin said stiffly. "Two hours."
"Thank you for your cooperation," said Gaent.
Teria put her board away with only a few lines of notes written. "Thank you," she added.


14:21
Turin's Tavern & Grill, near Kenos College

Lystus winked at the serving girl as she set a posset-drink before him. The girl was far prettier than Lystus' fellow students. Her eyes were brilliant and her hair fell around her face in perfect ringlets. She probably had few apothos talents despite her locket, but Lystus couldn't help flirting.
"I don't know," said Lexia. "I just don't understand the next step. It never works for me."
Lystus turned to the girl sitting next to him at his table. She was bent over a heavy textbook, and the scowl on her face was due to her reading rather than Lystus' attention to the serving girl.
"Next time you try it, don't think too much about it, just put enough effort into it. That's usually your problem." He went back to his own book.
"And that's always your answer," Lexia muttered.
"You have three bi-weeks until the final. Plenty of time." Lystus responded without lifting his gaze from the textbook in front of him.
Many apothos were based on a series of rituals; one built upon the next. Basic concepts bloomed into complex lists of what needed to be done in order to produce desired effects. It was in the complexities that Lystus was occasionally lost. If he stayed on task, it wasn't difficult. Maintaining focus, on the other hand, was arduous when it came to wading through the twenty or more detailed steps required to strengthen composite materials. Lystus took a deep drink and let the rich alcohol do its work to invigorate him. Material transformation apothos was profitable, but he found it very boring to learn.
After another two paragraphs, Lystus switched his attention to Lexia. She was a fit woman with lean muscles and long limbs. Her skin was perfect matte black porcelain, but her facial features were sharp, especially her chin. She was fine company, but occasionally, like today, she was too serious. She had joined him here to study only after much cajoling.
Lystus preferred to sip spirits and wade leisurely through his coursework. This was one of his favorite haunts: always cool with good, cheap drinks and lovely waitresses. The tavern was quiet in the afternoons when most students were in class.
He leaned over to Lexia and kissed her gently on her bare shoulder. She shrugged away from him and doubled her studying efforts. Beneath the table, Lystus put his hand on her thigh and bunched the fabric of her skirt.
"Would you stop that?" she whispered. "I'm trying to study. I need to pass the next practical."
Lystus leaned closer, ignoring the surreptitious glances from the serving girl. He kissed Lexia again higher on the shoulder and snaked his arm around her waist to caress her bare midriff. Instead of hanging from a chain around her neck, her locket was attached to the bottom of the short haltertop she wore. 
"Lystus!" she said a little louder. "Please!" But she was smiling now, and squirmed against his hand.
He kissed her neck. "Enough studying," he said. "Let's go somewhere else."
"I really can't," she said. "We need to finish going over this chapter." She turned her head and kissed him lightly on the lips. "Later, maybe."
"Later," Lystus muttered.
A figure walked into the tavern and caught Lystus' attention. The man had a wide face, heavy-lidded eyes, and a hunched posture. He headed for an empty table in the corner, carrying a book of his own.
"Promander!" called Lystus.
Promander turned, nodded toward Lystus, and continued to his table.
"Come join us," said Lystus.
"Are you sure?" Promander asked. "I wouldn't want to intrude."
"No intrusion. We were just studying. Nothing we can't do later." Lystus nudged Lexia's ankle under the table with his foot. He was pleased with the eye-roll he elicited from her.
Alcander stood uncertain before he decided to take a seat at Lystus' table. He nodded a greeting toward Lexia.
"I'm not sure I know you, Promander," she commented.
"Nonsense," said Lystus, "We met Promander last night. He was fine enough to buy us drinks."
"Oh. Yes." She didn't remember him. Lystus shrugged. It was unusual for Lexia to forget people.
On the surface, Promander wasn't older than Lystus, but the wrinkles around his eyes made Lystus wonder. Closer now, Lystus noticed that Promander's face was blotchy. Irregular taupe shapes dappled his skin. One mark in particular began under his left ear and spread along his jaw to curl around the point of his chin. He had similar marks on the backs of his hands. The locket he wore was plain and cheap.
"You see, Promander," said Lystus, "that's what you get for providing drinks for the likes of us. Forgotten before the night was out."
"I imagine that depends on the drinks," said Promander. His gaze flickered toward Lexia for what was a second too long. "The tamers make for a very chaotic atmosphere."
"It's a way to relax," said Lystus.
"I can see why you'd want to after studying a tome like that."
Lystus flopped his book closed. "May I repay your kindness? I don't know about Lexia, but the study of materials apothos makes me hungry. By the way, this is Lexia if you don't remember her."
She gave Promander a thin smile and didn't close her textbook.
"Pleased to meet you again," said Promander. "Yes. I could certainly use a bite to eat."
"Lexie?"
"No, I'm fine," she said. 
Lystus ordered a feast of different foods as Promander and Lexia sat in uneasy silence.
"Are you a student at the College?" Lystus asked. "I don't think I've seen you around much."
"I am a student of apothos, but new to Kenos. I'm currently working on a few things on my own." He offered his book to Lystus.
Lystus winced. "Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire? That doesn't seem like it would teach you much about apothos. What is this, history? Don't tell me, you're from Denaphaos?"
"Lystus, don't be rude," said Lexia. "I'm sure--"
Promander cut in. "No, I'm not from Denaphaos, but what is your objection to learning the history?"
Lystus shrugged. "Nothing against it. I just don't see how it relates to application."
"You're not concerned about innovation?"
"Innovation?"
"Lystus knows all about innovation," said Lexia. "His grandfather discovered emetaschemes while exploring in Weordan. His father now owns a company that puts timing emetaschemes in lamps. The details are of course, confidential."
Promander blinked at her before continuing. "It's within books like these that the next innovations can be found. There is value in examining the past, especially here in Kenos where focus is too much on the here and now. In fact, it was a teacher here in Kenos that recommended this book."
Lystus waved away Lexia's next comment before it passed her lips.
"I did read Notable Sources Pertaining to Apothos in the Empire for a class. Some of it was interesting, I guess. Didn't seem relevant. Sure, they presented a few theories, but nothing filled out."
Promander tapped his book. "Many people have developed their own theories based upon insights from old sources. Perhaps your grandfather is one of them. The Empire is ruined and gone, but their position in history does not make them inferior to us. Who knows what else could be found?"
"Next you're going to tell us that you're a treasure hunter bound for Weordan," Lexia muttered.
"Maybe in the future," said Promander.
"Men go broke chasing light motes in Weordan," Lystus said. A plate of crudités and pan-fried meat strips arrived along with two small bowls of thick cream soup.
Promander shrugged and started in on the soup with startling ferocity. "A man who risks nothing gains nothing. But I'm not suggesting that you should go off to Weordan unprepared. Endeavors require study. And you? What are you considering doing when you're finished with your studies?"
Lystus crunched on a thick piece of carrot and considered his response. Most of the time when he was asked this question he replied in some pithy manner. I plan on taking up my father's business, he would say, especially when he was around his father's friends. Usually that worked to impress girls too, Lexia included. His peers didn't ask. They didn't know what they were going to do after school either. This man was none of those things. Strangely, Lystus wanted to be honest with him. "I haven't decided," said Lystus.
"Weren't you seriously thinking about working in your father's business?" said Lexia.
Lystus shook his head, speaking to only Promander. "Too many things are too much work to spend a lifetime doing them."
"You don't have passion for any one thing? No obsession?" Promander asked.
Lystus chewed and shook his head. "I can't say that I do."
"That's a pity," said Promander.


18:33
Near the Low-Docks

"What sort of places do gravers frequent?" Gaent asked.
Teria blinked and realized that she had been staring out at the dark violet waters of the Intera as the sun descended. The day was waning and so was Teria's energy.
"I have no idea, Gaent. Haven't you talked to enough gravers?"
Hoarpin had provided a list, but the men on it didn't shed any more light on the situation. Beros had no enemies, but wasn't popular either. Gaent and Teria had also talked to Beros' parents and fiancée. They had filed a missing person report three days ago. No one knew of a stooped old man that Beros might have worked for.
Gaent shrugged. "Maybe I'll run into the old guy."
"That's a long shot," said Teria. "He probably only needed a strong back for one evening. We can almost assume that Beros disappeared after doing the job since the old guy wasn't around complaining about a no-show and hiring someone new."
"I know. You call it a day, Teria. Organize what little information we have. I'll do some drinking and talking, but won't spend too much time at it. Okay?"
Teria was glad to stop for the day. Her legs and feet were sore and the last meal she'd eaten was fruit at a tavern before noon. But she hesitated. She knew better. Usually Gaent talked about wrapping for the day several times before actually doing so.
"Before you go, let's check in with our door-to-door team. Make sure they haven't found anything," he said. She nodded and followed. They had appropriated a group of green-gray breastplated patrolmen to help cover the area closer to where Beros lived and the bar where he was last seen. Petorous had made it clear that he couldn't allow Gaent to use this amount of resources tomorrow. If they didn't find anything today, the chances were that they never would.
"Sir?" A young recruit called after Gaent from behind. His breastplate gleamed in the fading light without a scratch or smudge on it. "Inspector?"
"Yes?" 
The boy was tall with wide shoulders that he would still grow into. He had bright, inquisitive eyes that Teria immediately liked.
"Inspector, we think we have something. A warehouse."
Gaent didn't question him. "Show me."
The bright-eyed rookie led them to a dilapidated warehouse. Most wood portions of its architecture had long ago rotted and fallen away. The shutters on the higher windows were newer than the rest of the building, but not by much. The blocks of the building were pocked and crumbling.
Teria started writing immediately.
"Who owns this?" Gaent asked.
"We haven't been able to find out yet, sir. The door doesn't have a lock and no one was present."
Inside the door, another two patrolmen stood waiting. They straightened when they saw Gaent.
"How many more of you have been through here?" Teria asked, as Gaent opened his mouth to ask the same thing.
"Only us three, miss," one replied.
"What made you check this building?" Gaent asked.
"You instructed us to be thorough," said the bright-eyed one.
Gaent winced, but nodded. "Show me what you found," he repeated.
"Should one of us contact dispatch and send for your partner?" the third patrolman asked.
"That won't be necessary," said Gaent. "Stay here while we go upstairs."
Despite the outer rot, the building was structurally sound. The stairs creaked as they trudged upward, but no more so than other stairs in the city. Every surface was covered with a damp, grungy film. On the top stair, Teria saw that the upper layer of grime and muck had been scraped off, exposing cleaner wood.
"I thought that might be where something heavy was dropped or slid," said the bright-eyed patrolmen.
"A good assumption," she said. She noted it.
"Do you need some light, miss?" asked the flanking patrolman. The high-ceilinged main floor of the warehouse had no windows, and the second floor was shut up as well.
"We will need some light to see the details," Teria said, "but I'm fine for writing."
"It's all yours, Leo," said the flanker.
Bright-eyes, Leo, retrieved a mirrored cone glass from his belt. With a twist, he activated the emetanism and bright, white light emanated from the middle and was reflected outward. It illuminated just how dirty the warehouse was. Small, clawed feet scurried from sight, and moths skittered to life somewhere above.
The landing had one door and it led into a long, narrow room. Along one wall was a two tiered wooden bench and before it was a heavy, thick-topped table. Various pieces of debris laid on the bench, table, and floor. One corner was crowded with the remains of a broken crate, strewn with straw. Teria inhaled slowly just to smell. Dampness, mold, and the musk smell of rodents. 
"Go ahead and open those shutters," Gaent said. "Have either of you moved anything?"
Both of the young men were quiet as Leo crossed to open the window.
"It would be best to know what," Teria said.
"Just the rope," said Leo. "I put it on the table before I realized it might be important."
Aside from the rope, half of the tabletop had a misshapen yellowish stain.
"It was laying on the floor," he supplied. "All over the place in a mess. I was afraid one of us would get our feet tangled in it."
"Only you'd get your feet tangled," said the other patrolman.
"I'm sure it was a hazard," said Teria. The rope was coated with a good deal of muck from the floor. The tabletop was dry, and in places a yellow liquid had been spilled and dripped over the edge to form crusty streaks.
Gaent tentatively sniffed at the streaks. "Probably blood," he muttered to Teria. "Neither of you touched anything else, correct?" Gaent asked.
"Nothing else," said Leo.
"I saw the crates and I thought this place might be... well, whatever we were looking for," said the other patrolman. He hadn't moved from the doorway.
"Bring your light over here." Gaent motioned to Leo. Teria followed the young patrolman to the long wooden bench.
The surface of the bench had a few round stains on it. "Make sure you get those, Teria," he said. Teria brought out a wider sheet of paper from her blotter and made a quick sketch showing the positions of the stains. She also noted their approximate diameter and how far apart they were spaced.
Gaent retrieved an open bottle of pomace brandy from his satchel and took a long, steady draw. Then, he closed his eyes and concentrated. He whispered the phrases of an apothos ritual, and the hair on the back of Teria's neck rose as the apothos was executed.
"A seeing apothos?" Leo asked.
Gaent didn't answer. He was carefully scanning the surface of the bench.
"Most likely," said Teria.
Leo nodded. "I've just recently learned that one," he said, proudly. He did have a lovely smile, Teria noted before continuing her sketch.
Gaent found nothing on the surface of the bench. He took another drink and crouched, waving Leo and Teria down as well. The white light showed that the shelf under the bench was empty. Gaent used a fine brush to stir around the dust and dirt, but didn't collect anything. They rose again and switched their attention to the table.
The table was of a different wood than the bench. It was thick and sturdy with some wear on the edges. "The legs don't have any mold on them," Teria said.
Gaent knelt and checked for himself. "It was probably one of the things moved up here. Quite a job for one person." Leo was doing a fair job of shining the light where Gaent needed it, but he managed to repeatedly get in Teria's way. She gave him a gentle nudge to the side.
"Sorry," he muttered. She simply offered him a small smile in return.
Scrape marks lead from the door to the table and to where the crate remains had been placed. The planks of wood were neatly stacked with a pile of straw packing next to them. Already the straw was beginning to molder.
"Ah, here we go," Gaent muttered. He rocked on his heels and took out several small paper envelopes. "Here and here are some pieces of glass or Ignex." He pointed to two areas near the crate planks. Teria added the locations to her notes as Gaent carefully brushed the pieces into one of his small envelopes. Forgetting himself, he said the focusing phrases of another apothos out loud and brought the envelope to his nose. "Kind of an animal smell," he said.
"Straw?" said Leo. Teria waved a hand at him. It was important that only Gaent report what he perceived for now. Other interpretations could be sought later.
"Sorry," Leo whispered.
"Straw, but something else too. More like salted meat. A chemical smell too. Very stale smelling," said Gaent. "I don't know what it is." Teria wrote it all down.
Gaent finished off the pomace brandy before initiating another apothos. "Some of these are different," he said, holding the envelope to the light. "They have a bluish tinge to them and the shatter pattern is indicative of Ignex."
"Are they like what you found in the wound?" Teria asked.
Gaent shrugged. "Maybe, but I couldn't tell with the previous one. These are clearly emetanic." He was pleased.
"Did we find something useful?" Leo asked.
Teria smiled at him again. "I'd say you have."


19:35
Apartment near the Dext Docks

In the dingy hallway of the apartment house, Alcander took the ouzo flask from his shirt pocket and drained half of its contents. He let the fuel settle before gathering the bottle of wine and the box of pastries from where he'd left them beside the door. 
The shock on Gordellous's face when the thief answered Alcander's knocks was pleasing. 
"Oh! It's you."
Gordellous hadn't told Alcander where he had holed up, but it hadn't taken Alcander much effort to find his employee. There were only a few clear views of the building Alcander had hired Gordellous to watch.
As Gordellous sputtered in an effort to find a better greeting, Alcander thrust a bottle of wine into his hands. He kept the box of fruit tarts.
"That's very kind of you." Gordellous took the bottle as Alcander pushed past him and into the hovel. Gordellous scrambled to make a vain attempt at straightening the contents of the room. Again, Alcander was pleased.
The apartment was a mess of newsprint, discarded clothes, liquor bottles, and boxes from various food products. Gordellous found no clear place to set the wine and kept hold of it. He gathered a shirt and a blanket from the room's single chair, intending for Alcander to sit.
Alcander crossed straight to the window. He balanced the pastry box on the windowsill and removed one of the fresh tarts.
"Have one if you'd like." The tart had a thick, buttery crust that momentarily took the edge off of Alcander's appetite.
"How is the old man?" Gordellous asked, nervously. Rightly, Gordellous doubted that Alcander would be paying him for his services, and if the "old man's" health had suddenly taken a turn for the worse, what was owed to him might never come. Alcander's presence wasn't expected or wanted.
"He's fine," said Alcander. "Is that a wine you like?" He licked his fingers and started on a second pastry.
Gordellous peered at the label. The glass was a deep green color and gave no indication of the liquid inside. Gordellous wouldn't know that the wax that covered the cork usually had the imprint of a bird on it.
"Nothing I've tried before, but I'm always game," said Gordellous.
"I figured you might be," said Alcander. "And I thought a small present would be in order."
"Oh?" Gordellous's dismay deepened. He had done several jobs for Alcander and had been strung along with very little in return.
"Let's talk," said Alcander. The glass of the window was of exceptionally poor quality and Alcander stooped to peer through the opened half of the window. He gritted his teeth against the discomfort in his lower back.
"Tell me about the activity since he moved," said Alcander.
Gordellous awkwardly placed the bottle on the floor near the chair and joined Alcander at the window.
"It's that one." He pointed around the pastry box to a squat building in the distance with a bare yard around it. It was far enough away that it would take an apothos to see details clearly in the fading daylight. "Not much activity in the last few days. The tenant has come by a few times, but hasn't stayed long."
"And what have your friends seen?" Alcander asked.
"It's only me that's been watching. I thought that's what we had agreed on."
That was indeed what Alcander had ordered him to do, but he was glad that Gordellous thought of it in more favorable terms. "Yes, of course," said Alcander. "And you are sure that no one else is living in the house?"
"As certain as I can be without going in myself. And as I've mentioned, that's a possibility if you'd like. But I'm afraid I'd need to be paid for services rendered first."
"Going in won't be necessary."
The building was sinis of the docks, along the channel. Alcander swallowed the last of his dessert and inhaled deeply. The wind rarely switched direction and he could smell the fish market nearby. Street lamps lined the streets below, but they had ceased to function long ago, and no one had bothered to re-fuel or repair the emetanisms within them. That sort of effort was no longer given to this area of Kenos.
Alcander had memories of another neighborhood, darker than this one with the flapping of wings at every dim streetlight. Maybe it was reality, but far too many moths buzzed around the lamps. Alcander didn't know why, but he despised moths. He consciously remembered nothing that caused his strong hatred for the insects. Alcander took a step away from the window.
"Have you seen sign of the owner he's renting from?" he asked.
"The man with the limp? Only the first time, before the tenant moved his things in."
Alcander nodded, satisfied.
Gordellous was still apprehensive. He dressed plainly in garments that had been of fine quality several owners ago. Now they lacked buttons and clasps, and in some places, thread. In his line of work, it was good to be inconspicuous. A plain locket chain disappeared beneath his aged, buttoned shirt.
"Wing dust," Alcander whispered. The words were connected to the memory of Alcander directing the apothos at a young man, shaky, and in the throes of wing dust addiction. The memory recalled the apothos that Alcander had prepared. Immediately, the tension associated with the apothos erupted in the areas behind Alcander's porta flexus and eyes.
"What was that?" Gordellous asked. He frowned, puzzled, and shook his head as if to rid his ears of an unheard noise.
"Nothing," said Alcander. He clasped Gordellous by the shoulder and met the man's eyes as the apothos warmed Alcander's face. "You've done good work. Alcander has been very pleased."
Gordellous grinned at the thought of Alcander, the old man that had hired him, unaware that the same man stood before him.
"Thank you. And tell the old man I said 'thank you.' That means a lot to me." His dismay had been quelled, replaced by pride.
"This is the end of that relationship," said Alcander. "Your work is at a close."
"When will I get paid?" asked Gordellous.
Alcander pulled out the packet of money. Gordellous carefully took the bundle from Alcander. It was smaller than it should have been, but Gordellous smiled like Alcander had just paid him double.
 "Unfortunately, that's not all of it," said Alcander, "but the other half will be yours soon. Still, I think that's a cause for celebration. Have a drink with me. It would please me if you'd try the wine and tell me what you think of it."
Gordellous glanced at the abandoned bottle and then back to the packet. "I'm not sure if I have a glass to drink that from," he said with a chuckle. Then he tucked the bundle of money into a pants pocket.
"Nonsense," Alcander said scornfully. He gestured widely to the debris-littered squalor around him. "It's obvious you've spent your fair share of time drinking while keeping watch. I'm sure you have a cup of some sort around here."
Gordellous shuffled among the trash that littered a rickety table and finally retrieved one clay mug.
"I'm afraid I only have one," he said. He handed it to Alcander and then grabbed the bottle from its resting-place. He broke the wax seal and pulled the cork. "Honestly, I haven't drank enough wine to tell much difference. But I do know what I like."
Alcander had counted on that. Gordellous poured a portion of the deep red liquid into the mug.
"Just give me your opinion of it," said Alcander, as he took the bottle from Gordellous. "And I won't be offended if you don't care for it. It does have a mild tamer in it."
"Oh. Well, I suppose I won't be working any more tonight anyway."
"No, I suppose you won't."
Gordellous sniffed at it and took a tentative sip. The man let it settle on his tongue before he swallowed. He frowned and nodded. "It's not what I expected, but it's good."
Alcander gave Gordellous a satisfied smile. "Really? I'm glad." He poured more wine into Gordellous's mug, filling it.
Gordellous took another drink, obviously pleased that he shared a preference with Alcander. "Let me find a second cup," he turned from Alcander, his own cup still in hand.
As Gordellous coughed and fumbled through the contents of the table, Alcander plucked a bite-sized piece of tart from the box and popped it in his mouth.
"I know one was here, somewhere. Yes, well..." Gordellous returned with a cup made of heavy, waxed paper. "I hate to offer it..."
"That will be just fine," said Alcander. He poured his own portion into the cup, not filling it halfway, and topped off Gordellous.
Gordellous raised his cup in Alcander's direction and drained it. Alcander brought his cup to his lips. A small amount of the drug would not harm him, but he didn't want it clouding his judgement either. The liquid was warm, not an ideal way to drink wine, but Gordellous knew no better. The drug made Alcander's lips tingle. He took a small sip and moved his throat as though it had been a bigger drink. It was a sweet wine that he had chosen, but on the tip and back of his tongue Alcander tasted the sharp bitterness of the sedative.
The drug was something commonly procured. Alcander would have been surprised if Gordellous hadn't imbibed it in the past. It was used recreationally as well as medicinally by people who did not have much money. It could be lethal as well, but only in large amounts. Half the bottle had enough of the drug to do the trick. Alcander poured more wine into his cup before he refilled Gordellous's.
Gordellous gestured toward the window and the building beyond that had occupied his time. "The man that's renting, I'm surprised he did most of his moving himself. From the look of him, he's a man of some means. But he unloaded the wagon all by himself. Wouldn't let the driver touch the cargo."
Alcander shrugged and took another fake sip of his wine. "I suppose the equipment he was moving is delicate. It's not something he'd leave to just anyone."
"Delicate equipment," said Gordellous. He drank and lounged against the rickety table. "He moved 'delicate equipment' from one slum to the next."
Alcander maintained his smile. "He needs privacy. Surely, you understand that."
Gordellous grunted. Already his eyelids had started to droop. The sedative would put him to sleep with the minor side effect of causing some phlegm in the throat. "I understand. Is he a drug maker? It that it?"
Alcander chuckled and set his flimsy cup on the windowsill. "I wouldn't know." He crossed over to Gordellous and offered the bottle.
Gordellous shook his head and covered his cup with his other hand. "No, I think you'd better leave now. I'm getting so tired." He laughed and coughed.
"Have one more," said Alcander. He shook the bottle by its neck. "There's only a little bit left. It will go to waste if we don't drink it."
Gordellous moved his hand and Alcander filled the mug again.
Gordellous raised the mug in toast and gulped the rest of the clay mug's contents. Gordellous wobbled on his feet. The drug was acting quicker than Alcander had expected. The scruffy man set the vessel on the tabletop to avoid spilling. He blinked a few times, but his limbs were losing strength.
His left leg gave out and he stumbled. His efforts to catch himself on the table failed miserably and the table slid out of his grasp, hitting the wall with a thud. Likewise, when Gordellous tried to break his fall, his arms did not cooperate. He landed face down. He tried to call out, but began to cough again trying to dislodge the uncomfortable clot that had formed in his throat. Eventually, Gordellous stopped struggling and lay still. The room was as silent as the rest of building.
Alcander carefully removed the bundle of money from Gordellous' pants pocket. Gordellous wasn't dead yet, but he soon would be.



I learned that sport can be thinly disguised preparation for war. -- Alcander


Atendere 10, 6:12
Eight Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Apartment of Teria Bellaphaerenous

The clang of Teria's alarm clock had filled her room for ten minutes before it woke her. She turned it off with a groan and pulled herself out of bed.
Five hours ago, she returned home from a very long day of work and a very late, yet pleasant, dinner with Leo. The young officer was charming, smarter than Teria expected, and handsome. Her excitement didn't do much to power her through her morning haze.
Teria pulled on a robe and headed to the kitchen. She needed breakfast before she could face the day. Blurry confusion briefly preceded disappointment as she realized that her intended breakfast of bread and jam was impossible. She had never gotten to the market to buy a fresh loaf of bread. Sometimes, being more involved with Gaent's day-to-day work took a toll on her own ability to get anything else done. The remaining heel of bread was tinged with gray mold. She had eaten the last of her fruit yesterday as well.
With a sigh, Teria retrieved a bottle of milk from her cold box and a small sack of oatmeal from the cupboard. The thought of something warm and filling in her stomach out-weighed the effort it would take to make breakfast.
Teria's monstrous oven consumed so much space in the kitchen that the room was cramped. The appliance was of Bayardian construction. While an apothynom only needed an oven with bricks and plates to be warmed through frivolous apothos, someone of Teria's pious bent used the emetanisms that were available to her. Devoid of the ability to use apothos altogether, Bayardian's had innovated their own method of creating emetanisms. Emetanisms made in the Polities were sleek, composed of glimmering metal and glass. Teria's oven was an enormous box of dull black iron paired with clumsy emetanisms crafted from clay-colored resin.
She mixed the milk and oats in a bowl and placed it on the stove plate. A flip of the switch should have brought tell-tale noises of fuel threading through the pipes and reservoirs of the appliance. Instead, the oven was silent.
"Oh, light above."
She had forgotten to refill the stove's tank last night as well.
She had a collection of gallon jugs by the door and had to shake three of them before she found one that had enough oil in it for the oven. The fuel reservoir was on the side of the stove. Teria filled it and flipped the switch again. With excruciating slowness, the fuel was transferred and converted to warmth in the stove plate.
Gaent didn't have to go through this sort of thing every morning, and neither did Leo. Leo's kitchen was probably huge without the intrusion of a Bayardian hot-box. On the other hand, neither of them understood what it was like to sit quietly with their own thoughts and prepare for the day. With everything else that went on in Gaent's head, Teria thought that he would welcome some inner silence. He never saw it that way.
Teria took the oatmeal off the stove plate before it was heated as well as she would have liked. Unfortunately, now was not a good time for quiet and peace. She needed to get ready for work. With several teaspoons of honey added, Teria ate standing near the oven from the bowl she had cooked in.


8:17
Bayside Precinct

"It's fine. I've been to the College before." 
Teria laid out her paperwork on the clean expanse of the second desk in Gaent's office. Her neatness was in direct contrast to the stray papers and debris that littered his desk.
"You have?" Gaent was surprised. Kenos College rarely opened its doors to those of Teria's theological bent.
"Yes," said Teria. "I attended a symposium on a set of Empire era papers that were found in Weordan. Treatises on agriculture and shipping methods."
"That wasn't at the College," said Gaent.
"Of course, it was."
"No, that was at the University. Not the College."
"Is there that much difference between the two?" Teria asked.
"How long have you lived in this city, Teria? There is a world of difference."
"Fine, so the apothynomi of Kenos don't want anyone with different views treading through their sacred halls. I don't think that Denaphaos College is that closed-minded."
"Kenos is more progressive than Denaphaos in some ways. Behind in others," said Gaent. He tossed a folder of notes into his satchel along with a blank pad and a pen. "And you're right. They're not terribly fond of outsiders, especially Orthodox Darhorans."
"Elitists," muttered Teria. "Who is it you're going to see again? Just in case Petorous wants you."
"Professor Anetol Torret."
Teria squinted. "The name sounds familiar."
"Only familiar?"
She shrugged. "I don't keep current on the city's bigwigs, Gaent. I generally have better things to do."
"He's one of the city's most prominent apothynomi. I expected that your sect would have taken special note of him." This morning the comment gathered no further ire from Teria. "Petorous will know him if he asks," said Gaent. "I need to get going."
Teria shrugged. "Well, I have some work to do."
"I figured you'd be done by now," said Gaent. Teria was an early riser too, but she put her time toward paperwork and research instead of reinforcing apothos.
"I didn't get here too early this morning." She flipped through several reports submitted by other patrolmen and didn't meet Gaent's eyes.
"Late night?"
Her cheeks lightened. "Yes." She turned to her work and Gaent was certain she wasn't going to share more details until she saw the inside of the College of Kenos.
"I won't be back until after lunch," he said. "You have all the notes from the patrolmen that searched the area?"
"Yes. All here. I'll cross-reference them, don't worry."
"Anything from Bisson yet?"
"A preliminary list. I gave it a glance. No blood sold by a anyone fitting the description of an infirm old man."
"Right," said Gaent. The chances of tracking a blood transaction to a viable suspect were slim, but many a case had been made on a slim chance. "See you later, then."
"Hope your trip is fruitful." She gave him a wave without putting her documents aside.
It had occurred to Gaent last night to visit the College of Kenos. When he was a student, he had lived downwind of the main transformation apothos lab. The fumes that emanated from the building were singular. They had clung to his clothes and sometimes had invaded his food. He knew their smells intimately, and the chemical smells on the slivers of glass and Ignex reminded him strongly of those days. After further consideration, a visit to the College was less likely to reap anything useful, but Gaent knew he would regret it if he ignored the hunch. He just hoped that Teria wouldn't sulk too long over being excluded.
He rode his bicycle to the weord-most laboratory on campus. As a student, Gaent had been lucky enough to have Professor Torret for a lecturer and had visited his office and laboratory on several occasions. Unless the organic apothos labs had been moved, Professor Torret's lab would still be in that building.
The room index in the vestibule confirmed it and Gaent headed for the stairs. The halls in laboratory buildings were narrow with low ceilings. White spheres of light revealed bas-reliefs of apothynomi working over tables set with complex arrays of glassware. The hallway was broken at regular intervals by numbered doors that were sized precisely so as to not let sound escape. All were closed tight.
Gaent turned left at the carved representation of a handsome woman holding a traditional fuel lamp and hustled to the second floor. A small group of students waited for a lab to vacate. Their voices echoed against the walls as they flipped through their notes. Quite a few glanced at Gaent as he passed by. These students didn't recognize him as a fellow student or a professor. He was a very minor curiosity in their busy day.
Gaent rapped his knuckles on the laboratory door and waited for a response. Professor Torret was known as one of the most innovative researchers at Kenos College. He had invented methods for distilling and collecting fluids that were used in the fuel industry. Such methods had become standard, and some of the products that Professor Torret had engineered had made a fair amount of money for himself and the College. He worked autonomously, with very little interference from other faculty.
In addition to his research contributions, Torret taught several of the basic organic transformation apothos classes. Gaent imagined that considering his prestige, Torret was exempt from the usual teaching requirements, but Torret seemed to relish the opportunity. He was well-liked by his students. He knew the subjects inside and out and could easily evaluate a student's strengths and how to help them overcome their weaknesses. He was known to be accessible and fair, while he still gave some of the more difficult tests on campus.
Gaent knocked again before a young man jerked the door open. He had black wispy hair and wide-spaced eyes. He wore a set of spectacles across his nose.
"Yes, may I help you?" he asked. He took several steps away from the door to allow Gaent entrance.
The half of the anteroom served as an office with a book-strewn desk and shelf-lined walls. The other side of the room was a jumble of equipment on a sink countertop. A red door led into the laboratory area.
"I'd like to see Professor Torret," said Gaent. "May I speak with him?"
The assistant dried his hands on a towel and abandoned it on the counter.
"You may, but at another time. I'm afraid you just missed him." He smiled apologetically.
"Ah," said Gaent. He checked his watch. "Do you know when he'll return?"
"He won't be back here until tomorrow, but you can probably catch him at his other labs if you need to speak to him today." He took off his spectacles and placed them next to the towel. Gaent could see a tinge of blue on the Ignex and very tiny boxes set at the temples that held the fuel wafers. The wafers would power the light focusing apothos on the spectacles. Gaent had met inspectors that had similar glasses. "Can I can help you?" the young man asked.
"It's possible that you might. I'm Inspector Gaent with Bayside Precinct. I'm investigating a murder and I'd like an opinion on something that was found at the scene." Gaent retrieved one of the small envelopes from his satchel. This one contained the pieces from the warehouse.
"Oh. Here I thought you were another of the Denaphaos researchers that's visiting. I'm Selos Cartio, by the way." Cartio offered Gaent a hand to shake. "I certainly wouldn't mind taking a look."
Gaent nodded and handed him the envelope. "These were found at the scene. Can you give me an opinion on what they might be used for?"
Cartio retrieved his spectacles from the counter. He held them in front of his eyes and examined the contents of the envelope. The chain of Cartio's locket disappeared under the smock he wore over his clothes, but Gaent suspected that the locket had plenty of surface area for wafers inside. But without the spectacles, he'd waste time throughout the day mumbling his way through magnification apothos after magnification apothos.
"Ah, yes, I see. Some of these have been embedded with an emetanism."
Gaent brought out a pad of paper and a pen. His notes wouldn't be as good as Teria's, but he knew he had to write down a few basic things and add in details that he could remember later. "Yes, that's what I saw, but I'm not sure what kind of emetanism it might be."
"Hard to tell" said Cartio as he put his spectacles back on the counter. "I would guess filtering because that's the majority of imbedded glassware emetanisms, but I can't say for sure."
Gaent nodded. That much he remembered from his student days. "Can you tell me anything else about those pieces? The smell is very familiar to me, but I couldn't place it." Gaent inhaled now. The laboratory was full of different scents. The most prominent was a scorched smell emanating from a rubbish bin and mustiness from the sink. The peculiar stale smell that was on those pieces was present here too. He noted what Cartio had told him as well as his observations of the room.
Cartio brought the envelope to his nose inhaled carefully. "Smells like dry straw to me. The kind you might use for packing material. Other than that it just smells like a piece of sterilized equipment."
"Of course," said Gaent. "That's it. That's what I couldn't place. That smell comes from the sterilization process."
"It's so pervasive that I often don't notice it." Cartio handed the envelope back to Gaent.
"If you have moment, would you mind showing me some of what you do here?" Gaent asked. He knew that most people loved to speak about their work. "That is, if Professor Torret would allow it if he were here."
"Oh, of course," said Cartio. "And the Professor won't mind. Truth be told, I'm in charge of who comes and goes. Do you think it will help your investigation?"
"Refreshing and expanding my knowledge of laboratory matters couldn't hurt," said Gaent. "And I've been curious to see what Professor Torret has been working on. I have fond memories of him as a teacher."
"He's great to work for too," said Cartio. "He's given me a measure of autonomy with the moth research. Of course, he's still pursuing his larger animal experiments."
Gaent knew of those. While Professor Torret's campus lab had always been in a state of flux from one project to another, the work he did with breeding stock was his continual obsession.
Gaent followed Cartio to the inner door. When the assistant opened it, Gaent was surprised. The sights and sounds were very different from the anteroom.
It was hot and moist. In the middle of the room was a strange lantern on a pedestal that gave off a vibrant violet glow that completely filled the room. Beside the lantern was a false tree trunk with leafy vines spun around it. As Cartio closed the door behind them, moths fluttered, changing places, but they didn't stray far from the purple light. Along one wall was a bench that contained an array of glassware. Most of it had a blue tinge to it that Gaent had easily recognized. A few of the long, slender pipettes also had a faint iridescent quality. 
Cartio noticed Gaent's attention on them. "Those have an imbedded emetanism similar to some of those shards, used for filtering as I said. I'm sure you're familiar with breeding fuel moths?"
"I remember something about it. They collect their food stores in trees and are then able to break it down and refine it into fuel."
"Yes," said Cartio, "That's how it's usually done. The moths make a high-fuel wax that they store. You probably had a lab during your studies where you refined it to use instead of fuel oil?"
Gaent nodded. It rated as one of those things he'd rather forget. "I couldn't get my moth to produce much, and I was too impatient during the purification processing."
Cartio nodded in understanding. "Common mistake. We're working on reducing that. We've been manipulating the primeom of moths so that they produce a liquid instead of their wax."
"And you've been successful?" Gaent asked.
"Moderately." He beckoned Gaent closer to the lantern. Moths darted to and from small holes near the underside. Cartio carefully waved the moths away and removed a small flask that was attached to the lantern's pedestal. He showed Gaent the flask's contents: a thick, brown fluid. "This will still need to be filtered and refined, but not to the extent that the wax globules do."
Cartio smiled fondly at the moths that stirred, spitting their semi-liquid fuel into the small holes under the lantern. "They are quite amazing, aren't they? One of the wonders the Empire left us with."
"What do you think, Cartio? Since moths make their own fuel, do you believe that some moths might be able to use apothos?" Gaent asked.
Cartio snorted his reply. "Highly doubtful. They're just animals after all."
"Some believe it could happen. That some wild moths can."
"No offense, Inspector, but that's the sort of thinking I expect to hear from uneducated men." 
"It was just a passing thought," said Gaent. "And I'm often game for debating such things."
"I doubt it's worth debating." Cartio was trying hard to keep his tone light. Gaent changed the subject before he lost more of the man's respect.
"So, you said that treatment on the Ignex shards contained a filtering emetanism. Would this piece be something used in this lab?"
Cartio ushered Gaent back to the entrance room.
"Those bits are probably from equipment bigger than what we use here." He rummaged around the countertop and came away with a test tube and a pipette. "This is more the scale of what I use here. Now Professor Torret would use much bigger on his pigs. In reality, what he's doing with the larger animals is similar to what I'm--to what we're doing with the moths. Basically similar. We both take materials from a specimen with a valuable character, follow the ocule chain back to the primeom and isolate the ocule. Then we can develop a treatment to alter another moth to have that same character." Cartio paused at Gaent's quizzical frown. "I'm sorry, I'm used to speaking with colleagues rather than laymen. That was just a fancy way of saying that we transfer a character of one moth to another in order to enhance the second."
Gaent jotted a few things on his tablet. "The body of a man was found in the channel yesterday," said Gaent. "These pieces were found in a place we suspect was used as a laboratory. I have another piece that came from a wound the man had. Obviously, we think an apothynom might be involved. How easy is glassware like this to come by?"
"Not very," said Cartio. "We order from a special--" He stopped short. "A crate of equipment was stolen from Professor Torret's lab recently."
"How recently?"
Cartio shrugged. "Last bi-week? Maybe the last half of the bi-week before that? I remember the Professor mentioning it but he didn't go into details. I don't know why I didn't think about it immediately." The assistant was honestly distressed.
"Do you know what exactly was stolen?"
"No. The professor just said it was glassware. I'm sure he filed a report on it. He was pretty unhappy with how long it took at the campus security office."
Gaent nodded. "I can get an inventory from them."
"Can I ask you something, Inspector?" said Cartio. "Will this really be of help in the end?"
Gaent smiled. "This visit has reaped more than I expected. Detective work is working off of a small amount of information. We follow every lead, no matter how seemingly unrelated, and hope it gives us just a little more to work with."
"Research can be like that too," said Cartio.
"One last thing. Do you know when Professor Torret is at his other lab?" Gaent still wanted to speak to him, and was intrigued by the experiments that might shed light on what happened to Beros.
"Afternoons after classes. I wouldn't be surprised if he's there early mornings as well before he checks in here. You could probably catch him in his office too. I'm sorry that I can't give you a better schedule."
"No, that's fine. Thank you very much for your help," said Gaent as he excused himself.
Gaent sought out a table in an unoccupied study area and quickly wrote all that he could remember of his conversation with Cartio before the experience faded. When he was finished, he made his way to the campus security offices.
Campus security, as well as several other student organizations, was housed in a building that was far from grand and built long after most of the campus. Its architecture mimicked the grandeur of the others, on a much smaller level and with lower quality materials. It was much different from the sweeping, curved lines of the Bayside Precinct Headquarters.
During the day, when official business was being conducted, campus security was filled with the stifling, serious quiet of a library. Reports were being taken and written. Everything was done in a penitent hush. A secretary and a clerk sat at a desk near the door. Gaent walked past her and headed toward an office at the rear of the building.
"Can I help you, sir?" she called.
"Just here to see Adarro," Gaent said with a smile. She rose to confront him, but Gaent had already pushed through the inner-office door. Alphonzo Adarro, the Security Chief, sat behind his desk entertaining two patrolmen.
"Hello Adarro," said Gaent.
The head of campus security had not changed one bit since Gaent had seen him last. His pinched face resisted wrinkles, but his skin was the shimmering brown-black color of a man that was always too warm. He stood and straightened his shirt and made sure that his amulet was visible over the glow of his porta flexus. "Is there some reason you're interrupting me during my work day, Gaent?"
"Yes, there is. I've heard that there's been a theft at one of Professor Torret's laboratories. It might have some bearing on one of my cases."
"Sir?" The secretary pushed past Gaent to address Adarro. "I tried to stop him, but..."
Adarro waved her away. "Couldn't you have asked for the papers through proper channels?" The two patrolmen that Adarro had been speaking to traded confused glances, but didn't move from their wooden chairs.
"If I wanted to wait several days for them, I might have done that. I figured that getting your attention might be a better way of doing things. Could you excuse us?" Gaent asked the two nameless men.
They both deferred to their chief, and Adarro gestured for them to leave the room. They shut the door behind them.
"Well, you're wrong, Gaent. This isn't a better way of doing things."
Gaent shrugged and took one of the vacant seats. "This involves a murder so Petorous isn't going to be too happy when he hears that you aren't being cooperative."
Adarro's expression immediately changed, not as certain as before. Gaent had known Adarro since his first class at the college. He was a year or two older than Gaent, and worked harder to please teachers and superiors when Gaent had focused his efforts on doing a good job.
"What is it you want?" said Adarro.
"Tell me about the recent theft from one of the labs. You know the one I'm talking about?"
"I don't know every last detail. That's a patrolman's job. But yes, I know of it. It was a break-in. A box of glassware was stolen."
"Any leads on that?" Gaent asked. Adarro's face continued to brighten in a mixture of anger and embarrassment.
"None yet. Other things have been taking our time. And what do you know about it?"
"I found some small pieces of emetanic glassware in conjunction with a murder I'm investigating. The evidence seems to say that an apothynom performed some sort of experiment on the body."
"Those glass bits could be from anywhere," said Adarro.
"Yes, but it might be from the glassware that was stolen. We'll check into suppliers, of course. But I want to start with an inventory of what went missing. And the notes taken by your officers." Gaent didn't bother mentioning the shard he found in the bone. He'd keep that detail in reserve until he had seen the equipment list.
"I'll have them sent to you," Adarro said simply. He made the same dismissing gesture, but Gaent didn't heed it.
"Not acceptable," said Gaent. "Don't you have a copy I can have now?"
"No," said Adarro. "I have a set and the inspectors have a set."
"Let me borrow your copy. I'll bring them back as soon as I'm done with my investigation."
"No," said Adarro. "I've lent out notes before and they've never returned. Do you think I'm stupid?"
"You know I could get a subpoena for them." 
Gaent thought that Adarro would faint from stress. His porta flexus and the rims of his eyes glimmered with heat. "I'd rather not bother Petorous with it. He'd be very disappointed that we can't work out something between our organizations. I tell you what, I'll have my clerk, Teria, come and make a copy." He rose abruptly. This meeting would end at the time of his choosing.
"Your clerk? Have things changed that much at Bayside that every investigator gets his own clerk?" Adarro asked as Gaent reached for the door handle. "Or is she in your private employment?"
"She'll be by later."
Gaent gave the secretary at her desk a sly smile on the way out. She rolled her eyes.
Gaent found a communications booth not far from the campus security building. He quickly consulted the map and confirmed his location in relation to Precinct Headquarters. When he knew that the apothos were in order and he held a fuel wafer in his surfactant slicked hand, he said out-loud, "Bayside Dispatch, this is Gaent at Campus Box 5."
A pause. "Yes, Inspector?" It was a young, perky voice. Clear and confident.
"Could you pass on a message to Clerk Teria?"
"Go ahead, sir."
"Campus Security at Kenos College is expecting her, and will have several documents ready for her to copy," said Gaent.
The dispatcher repeated the message and passed it on. "She's on her way, sir. Anything else?"
"No. Thank you very much." 
Teria would not be happy with being sent to Adarro alone. He would deal with the consequences later.


9:40
A Warehouse near the Middle Docks

"Is this the place?" Laros Nero asked.
Sidinallo, a patrolman in the Bayside Precinct, licked his lips and pulled at the collar of his blue-gray shirt. His avitored breastplate wasn't fastened tightly enough and it pulled his undershirt down in front, leaving a gap at Sidi's grimy neck. The man did not wear a locket.
Nero didn't like Sidi, but he was necessary.
"This is it," said Sidinallo.
Nero walked to the door of the warehouse and went in. He ignored Sidi and Sidi's nervous glances behind them. No one was at the scene, and no one would be for a few hours. And if a constable did appear, it wouldn't be a big deal. For Nero.
Decay permeated the building. Leaks in the roof explained the dampness and mildew that impregnated the walls and the slick algae that mottled the floor.
"And I have the report for you as well," said Sidi. He produced a thin sheaf of papers.
"That's it?" Nero asked.
"That's all that pertained to this building," said Sidi. He smiled nervously at his own cleverness.
Nero took a few coins and handed them to Sidi. The patrolman's lip twisted as he counted them.
"I figure that's all that pertains to this building," Nero explained. "If you have the rest, I can spare a few coins more."
Sidi pulled the rest of the report from beneath his breastplate and handed it to Nero. "Here."
Nero hoped that Sidi would go away after Nero paid him. He did not. He stood and watched Nero skim the report.
Several shards of emetanic Ignex had been found as well as some broken crates. Of course, Nero wanted to see the room with his own eyes.
While still reading the report he made his way to the staircase. Sidi followed.
"You could hurry," said Sidi.
Nero slowed his steps as the stairs creaked sorrowfully under the weight of both men.
The Bayside Precinct had done a good job cleaning the scene. According to the report, a long table had stood in the middle of the room. It was now gone. The workbench remained attached to the wall, but no hint of the crates or their inventory. Only definite clean spots on the dirty floor.
The second part of the report concerned a body that had been found floating near the docks. A piece of something else had been found in the body, in the corpse's leg from what Nero could understand. It was only a written report with no illustrations attached. Nero rarely received clerk's drawings with the reports his contacts brought him. Usually a clerk only kept one drawing until presenting it completely to the constable in charge.
Sidi paced the room. "So, who're you working for?" he asked. "I can keep it a secret."
"I bet," said Nero.
"Aw, c'mon. Who is it?"
"I'm not dumb, Sidi. This case is open. If I were to tell you about my client, you'd go running to Inspector..." Nero flipped to the front page of the report and found the name of the investigating officer. Familiarity with the name made Nero smile. "You'd run to tell Inspector Gaent before I could mutter Sidinallo the Snitch."
"Fine. If what you're working on is so important to this case, why don't I just turn you in?" Sidi straightened an inch. The height didn't become him.
"What am I working on, Sidi?"
"I gave you reports!"
"What reports? I don't know about any reports. Beside, you didn't give them to me. You sold them to me. There's a difference, you know, especially where the constabulary is concerned."
"Yeah, and you'd know, Inspector," said Sidi. "Oh that's right, you didn't become an inspector that's why you work for scum now."
"Better to work for scum than to work side by side with it and call it partner," Nero retorted.
Sidi grunted and stomped away. Nero was glad to be rid of him.
Nero didn't know for sure whether or not the old man connected to this warehouse was the one he was searching for. But after some time in this profession, he had gained a sense about things. It had taken a while to learn of gossip about an old man that hired a young man that was later found dead. 
Nero had already reported other leads. He'd waited at his desk every evening for an hour or two before and after the time at which his client had originally contacted him. On only one subsequent occasion had the mysterious man initiated contact. Nero hadn't been satisfied with the leads he presented and neither had his client. His payment, a good sum of money, had been sent as promised, and Nero had been asked to continue with his investigation.
He took another long look around the room before he left. He didn't remember the last time it felt so good to come out into the sunshine.


15:21
Melee Training Gym at Kenos College

The gymnasium was cool, but the students moving through their forms sweated. One set of students stood in two well-ordered rows. They wore full armor except for helmets and held swords in their right hand and shields in the left. They moved smoothly and quickly from one motion to the next, thrusting and parrying an invisible opponent, using their shield to block imagined blows. When the combination of movements ended the coach yelled, "Again!" The few female students moved almost as quickly as the men, but their movements were more conservative.
None of these students was Lystus.
Alcander tentatively crossed the gym. No one noticed his presence. The students and coaches were all engrossed in the activities.
The remaining students were grouped around a fifteen-foot diameter combat ring, watching a melee play out. The spectators were in different states of undress. Some still wore their entire armor aside from their helmets, but others had stripped to their padding. They all stood a few feet from the ring, allowing enough room for the two men in combat to spill out and for the coach to prowl around the circumference.
Within the ring, two men circled each other, outfitted with avitored armor, small round shields, and thick, blunted swords. Alcander skirted the group until he came to two female students who had already abandoned their breastplates.
"Who's fighting?" he asked.
A girl with a short-cropped bob answered without giving him a glance. "Lystus and Aeron."
"Oh, excellent," said Alcander. The two were difficult to differentiate. Aeron was bigger and surely out-weighed Lystus. The man's bulk was in the form of muscle and he moved quicker than Alcander might have expected.
Aeron was a forceful opponent. His practice sword slammed into Lystus' shield. Lystus braced himself and only moved a half step backwards. He was off-center in the ring and couldn't afford many steps. He pushed forward instead and forced Aeron's shield away. The bigger man was expecting the move and backpedaled a step to withstand the countermeasure.
"Hold your ground," the coach barked.
Aeron tried to reclaim the space, but his effort was shortened by Lystus' advance.
"Lystus!" yelled the coach. "Attack!"
Lystus ducked to the side and swung his sword toward Aeron's midsection. It was intended to hit under Aeron's shield, but the bigger man anticipated, and Lystus' sword was deflected by its lower edge. It was enough to give Lystus two steps past Aeron and toward the middle of the ring.
Aeron spun, keeping Lystus in his sight. Every move was tightly controlled. Alcander knew it was important that each man keep his balance, especially when turning. Lystus hit again, a tap against Aeron's shield, and moved to Aeron's left, his shield side. When Aeron started to move to his left, Lystus quickly dodged in the opposite direction again and swung inward with a backhanded strike. As soon as the sword hit Aeron's armor, Lystus disengaged from the big man and established position in the center. It was obvious that he knew at all times where he was and how far he could move. Alcander heard one of the girls in front of him mutter a word of approval.
"Both of you, attack!" barked the coach.
The ability of the two young men to maintain a high level of physical exertion impressed Alcander. As Lystus and Aeron squared off once more, their movements were still crisp and controlled. Alcander was certain that such physical conditioning could significantly enhance the magnitude of one's apothos manipulation abilities. Lystus was proof of that. When he was able, Alcander would endeavor to learn this sport so he could enhance his apothos capacity and also learn to defend himself.
In the ring, Aeron swung around and lunged as Lystus moved. Lystus parried Aeron's heavy blow and pushed forward. He pitched his body forward and solidly collided with Aeron. Lystus wrapped his sword arm around the bigger man in a loose grapple. Aeron drove his sword hilt into the back of Lystus' neck, where his helmet met the plates of his armor. Lystus let out a grunt of pain and both men leaned as Lystus forced his weight to the right.
They became off-balance and before both fell, Lystus let go. Aeron couldn't regain his feet and hit the ground. The top of his helmet was well past the edge of the ring. Lystus managed to stay upright within the bounds of the ring.
"Over," said the coach. "Aeron, get up. Lystus, I thought I made it clear that this wasn't going to be a wrestling match."
Lystus let his shield hang from his arm and pulled off his helmet with a wince. "Sorry, Coach Dyson. I just didn't feel like dancing around Aeron for another half hour."
Coach Dyson snorted and turned to Aeron. "And you. Exactly how many times did you give ground?"
Aeron winced. "One too many."
"And how many times have I told you not to give a step."
"One more than too many times," Aeron replied.
"So stand your forsaken ground next time!"
Lystus slunk past the berating and walked from the ring. A fellow student took his sword and shield. "Well done," he said to Lystus loud enough for only those nearby to hear.
"Indeed," said Alcander, louder, gathering curiosity from most of the spectators around him.
"Promander!" said Lystus. "Glad you could make it. I figured you couldn't get away since I hadn't seen you earlier."
"And it has slipped your mind that this was a closed practice today," said Coach Dyson. Even without a melee occurring, the coach skirted the ring. "Did you leave your head in your girlfriend's lap again, Lystus?"
"I knew it was a closed practice today, but Promander wanted to attend one of our practices and I knew that all of them were closed until after the Interan Games. And after the games, we're off. It's the end of the term and I'll be graduating. There just wasn't time."
Lystus was lying. Melee practices hadn't crossed Alcander's mind. Lystus had talked incessantly about the impending competition and had insisted Alcander come by. And Alcander couldn't pass on the opportunity to participate in something that was important to Lystus.
"It was imperative he disturb practices despite the fact that they are closed?" Dyson asked.
"I didn't think it would hurt if he came to watch." Lystus shrugged and it obviously caused him pain.
Dyson shook his head. "Do yourself a favor, Lystus. Stop thinking outside of the ring. Take care of your neck and talk to your little friend. But don't bother taking off your armor, you've earned yourself another fight before you get to go home tonight." Dyson walked off with a disgusted shake of his head.
Aeron avoided Coach Dyson and joined Lystus and Alcander.
"Kemptos, Dariphae, you're in!" the couch shouted. He gestured and two others, still in their full armor, took to the ring.
"Kemptos! Attack!" The two circled each other tentatively. "Well, get on with it!"
"Sorry about the blow on the back of your head," Aeron said to Lystus as Kemptos and Dariphae began their match. He regarded Lystus with a wince. The two were certainly friends.
"If you would have hit my head, it would have been better. You caught me on the neck instead," said Lystus. He fingered his neck with a groan.
Aeron gave him a wolfish grin. "As I said, sorry."
"Yeah, I bet." Lystus closed his eyes and stood very still. He whispered the focusing words of an apothos, and winced as the apothos mended the damaged tissues. Aeron, in contrast, finished a much shorter apothos with only a few seconds of concentration. Neither used a fuel source.
"Did I hurt you that badly?" Aeron asked Lystus.
"Just making sure I take care of it all," said Lystus.
"How often are injuries serious?" Alcander asked. For once, he didn't speak too loudly or quickly. "And I'm surprised to see that you use full weapons and armor."
Lystus shrugged. "If you aren't proficient in the proper apothos for mending your muscles, bones and skin, and keeping the inflammation in check, you don't do these kinds of games. The best way to train is by doing it in a manner that is as close to competition as possible." He tilted his head from side to side, and cursed. With another few words and a movement of his hand, he completed a second apothos.
"And no fuel usage during bouts or practices?" Alcander asked. None of the athletes were drinking either.
"No fuel, but your own. You need to have the stamina to continue on," said Aeron. "Lystus might have taken me out of the ring, but I made him use a quite a bit of effort to put his neck right."
"Considering that you can use no external fuel sources, is it best if you can end a round quickly?" said Alcander.
"Depends on the tournament," said Lystus. "Usually a tournament is double elimination. You might fight the same guy in later rounds if he's still on his feet. Wearing someone out is a good tactic in those cases."
"And Lystus is very good a wearing someone out," Aeron admitted.
"Are you only allowed to use a set of reinforced apothos during a tournament?" Alcander asked.
"You can use the resources you have available," said Lystus. "But anything not prepared is going to cause considerable fatigue, especially without a fuel source, right? Definitely something we want to avoid."
Aeron nodded in agreement.
"Dariphae! Attack!" Coach Dyson gave Alcander a venomous glare as he passed by the group. "Get your foot forward!" Alcander noticed that that the girls he had originally questioned were still watching Lystus, instead of the match at hand.
Coach Dyson cursed and turned his back on Dariphae and Kemptos. "Aeron, since you're idle, why don't you tell these two what they're doing wrong."
Aeron nodded and took Coach Dyson's place at the edge of the ring.
Dyson stood opposite Alcander and put his hands on his hips. Alcander held still under the scrutiny. "If you're smart, you'll convince him to join the Guard," he said to Alcander, and it took a second for Alcander to realize that Dyson was talking about Lystus. "This boy would make one hell of a soldier."
"Do you believe that these games are like combat?" asked Alcander. "With a ring? And sets and rounds?"
Dyson sneered. "You've never been in combat. When fighting alone, one on one, area isn't as much of a factor. You can go where you need to. But in a battle with others, friend and foe, around you? You'd better keep your balance and had better stay out of the way of everyone else." He picked up Lystus' sword from where it had been left. "You want to have a go?"
He tossed the sword at Alcander. Lystus moved to catch it before it hit the ground, but Alcander grabbed it with a quick step forward. He grunted and his back twinged. The weapon was heavier than he'd expected.
"Not today," said Alcander. He struggled to maintain hold of the sword and thrust it in Dyson's direction. "In the future, maybe."
Dyson laughed, a rough noise in his throat. "Match over!" he called. "Better get your helmet on, Lystus. You're back in."

* * * * *

"Thank you. Thank you so much Gaent for giving me the opportunity to see part of Kenos College."
Teria was not happy. Her voice was unusually sharp, and Gaent didn't care for it. His head ached.
He wheeled his bike alongside her. After a late lunch, Gaent met with Teria at Campus Security.
"Teria, I didn't do it on purpose. I needed to do a few other things, otherwise I would have stayed on campus."
"Being along to support me with Adarro would have helped. No, never mind. It wouldn't have. I'm not one of your high and mighty apothynomi, and I'm sure you would have alluded to that every chance you had." She walked beside him with her eyes forward. She was trying to out-stride him too, which gave her the aspect of a ruffled, angry duck.
"That's right, I told Adarro you were an amulet-hater before I left. I figure it's more fun for both of us if I undermine your position as much as possible."
Teria began to say something but instead popped open her parasol.
"I'm sorry I had to send you alone, Teria. Adarro is an ass, and I'm sure he made no effort not to be. If I would have known that I needed you this afternoon, I would have taken you with this morning. Trust me," he added, "I would have rather had you with me. Now, are you going to do your job, or would you rather call it a day and go home?"
She didn't say anything immediately. "Sorry. I just wanted to voice my displeasure."
"It's noted."
"Let me see your notes from this morning. You did write a few things down, didn't you?"
Gaent fished a small sheaf of notes from his bag.
She flipped through them quickly. "Yes, I can see why you would have preferred to have me along."
"Do you have copies of the theft report?"
Teria nodded. "I have a copy, yes. I'll make another this afternoon. By the way, Petorous heard where I was heading and he's not happy."
"Of course, he's not."
"Beros'...intended...was by to see if progress had been made on the case. I got an ear-full about how we're supposed to do our job."
Gaent remembered Beros' fiancée. "Sorry to leave you with that. You find out anything new?"
"No. Where are we off to now?"
"I'm going to go talk to Professor Torret at his other labs. I imagine that you are heading to Headquarters." Teria shot him a venomous glance. "I didn't think you'd be that interested in visiting a pig farm, Teria."
"You underestimate my curiosity, Gaent. But fine, I'll see you at the station."
The large animal laboratories consisted of a dozen barns with smaller laboratory buildings attached. Fresh, white fences surrounded the area. Gaent rode straight to Torret's building with no worry about running over students walking to class. Gaent suspected few realized that these labs existed.
The lab had no security during the day and the door was wide open, allowing the rooms within to vent. Gaent left his bike and knocked on the door as he passed through it. At the far counter, a woman with a ponytail straightened from her position over a countertop of flasks and apparatus.
"Hello," she said. She pushed a thick set of goggles onto her head, and wiped her hands on her stained smock.
"Hello," said Gaent. "Is Professor Torret around?"
"Sure, he's right through there." She pointed to another open door.
"Thanks."
Gaent inhaled tentatively. The scent of livestock was acrid. He could almost taste the smells in his throat and had to swallow hard in order to not gag. Just above the smell of pig was the stinging scent of cleaners and disinfectants.
Through the door, Professor Torret was examining a wriggling piglet that was being restrained by a wiry young man with a shock of thick hair.
Professor Torret was shorter than Gaent remembered, but his body didn't have the gauntness or darkness that was often seen in the aged. He moved easily enough, but left it to his assistant to manhandle the piglet.
The assistant knew just how to restrain the young animal without exerting unnecessary effort. Through a practiced, unspoken routine, the assistant maneuvered the piglet in order to allow Professor Torret to examine its teeth, head, legs, shoulders and ribs. The pig made scant effort to struggle in the lanky man's secure grip.
Gaent waited quietly by the door and watched.
"The little beggar looks good Hirmel," Torret pronounced at last. "Recovered well. We'll keep him in another day nonetheless."
"Right-o." Hirmel nodded and lifted the piglet off the table, leaving behind a tangled mass of white-striped cloth strips. 
"Come on, little guy," he said. He gazed only at the floor and carried the piglet straight to the next room. Gaent was surprised to see a thick chain around the man's neck. Like Professor Torret's, his locket hung beneath his smock.
Professor Torret noticed Gaent and smiled. "Good afternoon. How can I help you?"
"I'm Inspector Gaent of the Bayside Precinct. I was also a student of yours a long time ago. I'm sure you don't remember me."
Torret smiled and shook Gaent's hand. "I'm sorry, I don't. I've had many students. An inspector, you say? For the city?"
"Yes, sir." Gaent showed the professor his credentials.
"Is this about the theft?"
"Possibly. I found some pieces of glassware in the course of an investigation, and I'm wondering if there's a connection," said Gaent. "Can you briefly tell me what happened?
"A little over a bi-week ago, someone broke into our main storage area. I have a staff of five here and we're in and out of that room a dozen times a day each, but it's always locked before we leave. Three locks were broken, forced open." Torret pointed toward the two doors Gaent had already been through. "Those as well as the door to the storeroom. We've already replaced the locks, of course."
"I'm in the process of getting the specifics from campus security," said Gaent. "Was anything stolen or damaged in other parts of the lab?"
"No," said Torret. "It was all newly packaged instruments that were stolen, as well as a few pieces of testing equipment that were also housed in that closet."
"The stolen goods might have been used in conjunction with a murder," Gaent admitted.
"Ah. I see."
"Could you take a look at these?" Gaent held both small envelopes out to Torret. "If you have time that is. If you're too busy, Professor, I apologize, and we can schedule this for later."
"No, no. I'd be happy to help. And, I imagine, time matters in an investigation." He took the envelopes over to a counter and sprinkled the contents of each into their own clean glass dishes. Then, he poured a glass of plum liquor and spoke a single word, "Magnify." 
His gaze flickered from one dish to the other. 
"I’ve talked to your assistant at the moth lab and he said the equipment those came from contained embedded emetanisms for filtering," said Gaent.
"Yes," said Professor Torret. "That's correct. In fact, I'm fairly sure this is a portion, a very small portion, of what was stolen from my laboratory here."
"What sort of glassware was it?" Gaent asked. "My clerk is getting an inventory but I doubt I'll be able to identify the names with their functions."
"Of course. A good deal of collection glassware. Beakers, flasks, reagent bottles, separatory and volumetric funnels, graduated cylinders. A wide variety of filters as well. Most made of Ignex, a few made of glass. Some very sophisticated testing plates were stolen in addition to the glassware. I don't know what anyone would do with those without proper training."
"Yes, Cartio showed me some of the fine instruments he used at that lab. Including pipettes and the like." Gaent glanced around the room and took in the array of objects that littered the counters.
"The worst of the loss was a box full of very specialized diamond tipped collection rods. In fact, because of it, I'm also going to run short on a few things until my supplier can re-grow the custom crystal structures."
"Your equipment is that specialized?"
"Oh, indeed," said Torret. "The glass can be blown and, of course, much of the Ignex have emetaschemes implanted while the pieces are made. You learned of that in your transformation apothos labs." Torret crossed the room and waved for Gaent to follow him. "Not having the specially grown filters that I'm now missing will be a hardship too. Come, let me show you a few things."
Torret led him down a hallway to a cluttered storeroom filled with shelves and bins. He reached into one of the bins and pulled out a long Ignex tube with a faint blue-green iridescence to it. "This is collection tubing. It's an Ignex variant, strong and contains an imbedded emetanism that makes it very easy to manipulate when a small transduction apothos is applied." Torret held his hand near a section of the tubing. Torret spoke, "Bend." With that word, in the dimness of the hallway, barely visible violet light illuminated a portion of the tube and Torret carefully bent it.
"Very useful," said Gaent.
"Something used in some lower-level transformation apothos labs," said Torret. "But one of the things you won't see is this." He placed the tubing, still bent, on a shelf and retrieved another object from one of the bins. He carefully pulled a tapered crystalline rod from a sheath of plaster. "It's diamond. Hollow. The end is very sharp and very strong. It's used for penetrating through tissue."
"Penetrating tissues?" Gaent repeated. "What sort of tissue? Muscle?"
"Any kind, Inspector. Into bone, which is what it was designed for." The professor was smiling and excited.
"That second sample I gave you, the single sliver, could that be from one of those?" Gaent asked.
Torret examined the end of the needle, but did not use a seeing apothos that Gaent could discern. The professor nodded slowly. "Yes. I'd say that it is. I'm pretty familiar with the structure. Where did you find that shard?"
"Inside a wound," said Gaent.
Torret nodded slowly. "Come, let me show you an example of my work."
He led Gaent out of the storage room, and into a wide barn sectioned off into twelve large pens. The temperature in this section of the lab was lower, giving the animals reprieve from the heat.
"Did Cartio explain some of what he does at the other lab?"
"Yes, he did indeed."
"Of course. Cartio is very enthusiastic about his work. As with the moths, I have been taking materials from one hog with desired attributes and using it to modify a second hog. We refer to an observed trait as a character, which originates from a group of ocules. We find an individual ocule by tracing an ocule chain back to the primeom." Torret spoke in clear, concise words, the same sort Gaent remembered from his days of being lectured by the professor. "We can breed pigs for the characters exhibited by these ocules, but the process is clumsy. Our goal has been to make the entire process quicker and more efficient. Instead of breeding one line for one character, another for a second, and then a third line for a third character, and then interbreeding the lines until all three characters manifest, we're able to modify one hog to have all of the characters."
"A hybrid of sorts," said Gaent.
Torret winced at the word. "Not the most apt term for it. In reality, we're not creating an offspring with mixed characters. We aim to completely alter the target at the most basic level."
"Wouldn't that be difficult?"
"At first, it was immensely difficult. Too much of the animal's original primeom remained. That left us with an imperfect chimera, an animal where only some of the organs displayed a new character, while others did not. I ask you, what good is selecting for better characters if the old is left behind with the risk of the new character not being passed on to offspring?"
"You said, 'At first,' " said Gaent. "You've figured out a way to avoid chimeras?" Gaent struggled with the language. He wanted to remain in this conversation as much as possible.
"A simple process, really. We stimulate the growth of germ tissues that have been altered, and then induce the body to methodically kill off and replace all of the original tissues."
"How successful have you been?" Gaent asked.
"Moderately," the professor admitted. "But we're far from being streamlined in the process." He stopped at one of the pens and leaned against the gate. The pen was deep with fodder aside from a pit of clean, reddish mud. Nevertheless, Gaent chose not to smell his surroundings. A low opening led outside to a paddock. A sow stood rooting through a trough of feed. Her udders hung low and her body was rounded with muscle and fat.
"This is one of our 'target' hogs," said Torret. "We've modified her for greater meat production as well as a resistance to disease. It was her piglet you saw us treating when you came in."
"You use young animals in your test?" Gaent asked.
"No, we've found that full grown animals are better to work with. We can see the changes without raising a twin that hasn't undergone ocule manipulation. Further, we don't have to wait for the animal to develop, dramatically reducing the amount of time between iterations during the study of a particular character. But we still grow the swine to provide us with the next generation of test subjects and to make sure the developmental cycle wasn’t affected." He gave the sow a paternal smile and continued on to a pen at the far end of the barn. "And this is one of our material donors."
The pen was the same, but the pig had a very different appearance. It still seemed healthy to Gaent until he took a second look. Patches of the hog's stiff hair had been shaved away. On its shoulders and hips, and the entirety of its legs, brownish gray skin showed through. The sow was thinner than the other, and once Gaent noticed that, he thought her eyes were watery as well.
"We took some samples from her yesterday, and we'll do so again tomorrow," said Torret. 
The sow turned in the pen and Gaent saw a fist-sized yellow-brown bruise that marred her haunch near the left side of the rump. In the center of the bruise was a scab.
"What happened?" Gaent asked.
"A small amount of carelessness," said Torret. "The collection rod was twisted while the needle was inserted and some bleeding occurred. Just a bruise. Nothing serious. It's possible to perform the procedures with little discomfort to the animal, and no permanent harm done as long as we're careful and don't take too much marrow."
"Could the procedure kill?" Gaent stared at the bruise. It was too much like what he had seen on the body of Beros.
"Yes," said Torret. In turn, he watched Gaent carefully. "Inspector, are you implying that it was the stolen glassware that was used as a murder weapon?"
"We found a body dumped into Suna Bay. It had multiple puncture wounds with similar bruising." Gaent traced the lines on his chest and arms. "Also at the inside and outside of the thighs and legs. I found the piece of diamond in the man's hipbone."
"Each puncture led to an area of bone?"
"The bones had hollow areas where the marrow was removed."
"It's the marrow that we remove from larger bones," said Torret. "You're suggesting that someone removed the marrow from a man's bones? To what purpose?"
"Could this sort of procedure be done on a man?"
"Again," said Torret, "to what purpose?"
"You tell me, Professor. Here, the procedure is used to transfer traits from one animal to another. Could someone be trying to do that with humans?"
Torret laughed, a mirthless chuckle. "You don't have a good enough grasp of what's going on here, Inspector Gaent." The noise bothered the shaved sow. It wriggled its snout and gave a plaintive squeal. Torret shook his head at the animal and headed to the exam room.
"It's taken us years, Inspector. Many, many iterations of trial and error. This is not something someone does on a whim with a few pieces of glassware. For example, our target hogs have an emetanism implanted to help the body recycle or dispose of the waste products created by the increased rate of apoptosis. This emetanism is as specialized as the diamond-tips we use. It's not possible to cobble one together."
"And one of those is not on the list of missing items?"
"No."
"Is it possible to do this procedure successfully without it?" Gaent asked.
"Possible, but the non-emetanic apothos technique is time consuming, tiring, and so outmoded that few of today's researcher know of it."
"But it is possible?"
"Yes, but the device isn't the point. Think of the ethical ramifications." He spoke quickly, looking Gaent straight in the eye. "Not only do samples have to be taken from a man, another man would have to be used as the target subject. It is not for one man to alter another..."
Gaent put up a hand to quell Torret's words. "The person we're searching for murdered a man. I don't think he has ethical hang-ups. He might not be in his right mind."
"You don't know what you're talking about."
"Is it possible?" Gaent asked. "Let's say for the sake of argument, that someone decided to try this with humans."
"Of course, possible, but it would be like fumbling in the dark, trying to define the ocules governing a trait. Years of research. Multiple test subjects."
"Is it possible that one of your colleagues or assistants, or one of your colleague's assistants, might have been doing this research on the side?"
"Very improbable, Inspector," said Torret. He chewed the inside of his lip and then lowered his shoulders minutely. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be brusque, but this is all a rather shocking possibility."
"I understand, Professor," said Gaent. "I don't mean to accuse or to worry you with this, but your help is very valuable to me."
"I can give you a list, if you want, of people that might have such knowledge," said Torret, resigned. "It will be a short list. Not many have the expertise to begin with."
"Thank you, sir. That will be helpful to me," said Gaent. "One other thing. A piece of the body was missing. The man's right calf had been cut from the body. Would there be a reason to do that? To take other tissue?"
"None that I can think of. That kind of tissue wouldn't be useful. Do you have any thoughts on the matter?"
Gaent shook his head. "None at all, sir. Thank you for your time."
Torret led Gaent to the laboratory's main entrance. Hirmel had taken over the work the woman had been doing at the counter. As Hirmel's hands deftly worked over the flasks of liquids, he hummed and sang softly. Gaent swore that it sounded like the rhythms of apothos focusing rituals Gaent had learned as a child. None of them sounded advanced or complex, but Gaent heard Professor Torret praise the wiry man's work as he left the building.
Gaent wondered if Hirmel was a facere. He had heard of facere before, but knew very little about them. He wondered how common it was for such a man to function outside of oinos colonies. Seeing him work in Torret's lab was surprising, but Gaent was sure that the Professor had his reasons for including him. Maybe one day, Gaent could discuss it with him.



Many mistake the meddling of the Empire as wonders of nature. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Atendere 13, 22:04
Eleven Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Bayside Precinct Morgue

Nero let himself in to the Bayside morgue through the unassuming doors in the alleyway where bodies were dropped off. A short corridor led to another set of doors, these with windows and latched from the inside. Nero peered through into the incongruously bright receiving office beyond.
Marita sat at her desk, reading. She was older than Nero, but had a youthful face. At this time of night, she had little to occupy her time other than her books.
He rapped his knuckles against the window and waited until Marita came to let him in. 
"Hello, stranger. How are you doing tonight?"
"Not bad, Marita. How are things going for you?"
"You know, same old thing."
He chatted his way over to her desk. Two other doors exited the room. One from the Precinct upstairs; the other, another set of double doors, led to where the bodies lay. 
"How's Regina?" Nero asked. Regina was Marita's five-year-old daughter. Marita was a widow and had raised Regina alone with the help of her mother-in-law. She worked this late shift in an effort to see her daughter during the day.
"She's doing so well with her transductive apothos. She's mastered producing light and is now working on her colors. Her dad would be proud." She brought out a small pocket book and showed Nero a portrait of a sweet-faced girl with fly-away hair.
"I brought you something, for you and her," said Nero. He reached into the pocket of his shirt and produced two thick bars of chocolate. One was plain and favored by Marita. The other had bits of candied fruit mixed in and was Regina's favorite.
"You shouldn't have," said Marita.
"You're probably right, but keep it for some special occasion. I wouldn't want to be accused of spoiling your little girl. I do need a favor from you," he said quietly.
"Not a problem. What do you need?"
"I need to see a body."
"You won't be satisfied with just the report?" 
"I've already seen a report, but... My client would like me to see him with my own eyes."
"That's a rather strange request, wouldn't you say?"
"Yes, it is. But I'm not one to argue with a client's request."
She fingered the candy he had given her. "You getting well-paid for this?"
"Better than usual."
"Good," she said simply. "Who do you need to see?"
"Beros Evetorropelo," said Nero.
"Ah. He's been a popular boy," she said. "We've already had half his family here asking for his release. We're still holding on to him."
"He has some pretty interesting wounds, from what I've read," said Nero.
"You could say that." Marita found the current roster. "Room D," she said. "First drawer. He should be the only one." She handed him a key.
He left the office and proceeded to Room D.
A light globe in the middle of the ceiling provided a sufficient glow for the truncated room. It was half filled by a series of metal cabinets. Nero grabbed the handle and yanked on the drawer open. He was surprised at how easily it moved.
The corpse's shoulders brushed the side of the drawer. Nero wondered if wider drawers existed or if they were ever needed. The man's head was closest to the opening of the drawer, and to Nero he was sleeping serenely. Except that his flesh was too dark and his eyes were terribly sunken beneath rubbery lids. Cold, Beros had no sheen of life to his lips or eyes or the palms of his hands.
Nero's mysterious client had asked him to see the body, and Nero didn't know why. He had orally given his employer a second report during the last meeting and then was instructed to view the body without explanation.
Nero took his time. Beros Evetorropelo had been young and strong. He had heavy features that matched his build. His thick nose had been broken at some point in his life and not corrected. He had lusterless black hair, but Nero supposed death did deprive one of shine. His lips too, were thick and had none of their usual yellow left. He gave the rest of the naked body little attention. Heavy bruising marked his chest and shoulders and the flesh was flaccid where it had once been strong. What he saw matched the report he had read.
Nero closed the drawer and returned to Marita at her desk several minutes after he had left.
"He's still where we left him?" she asked.
"All there," said Nero.
"Good. Do you have what you need?"
Nero nodded. "I just needed a look at him. What am I going to owe you?"
Marita chewed her lower lip. "I tried to think of something, but..." She shrugged and blushed. "Maybe one day I'll ask for a favor. For Regina."
She wouldn't ask, Nero knew. She wasn't the type. He left, feeling worse than when he used someone like Sidi.



The more I read about the Empire, the more I realize that none of my ideas or works are original. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 18, 19:14
Sixteen Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Office of Laros Nero

"Good evening, Mr. Nero," said the whisper.
Nero knew to expect it, but still, it startled him.
"I have little time," the voice said before Nero could return the greeting. "Please tell me, were able to see the body of Beros Evetorropelo?"
"Yes, I was," said Nero. "He was still in the morgue, as I figured he would be."
"And you took a good look at him? Can you describe him to me?"
Nero flipped through his notes and described what he'd seen.
"It's as I thought. Your description of Evetorropelo confirmed my suspicions that Beros is a man I knew. I think his cousin might have something to do with it all, and if you are willing, I'd like you to continue your investigation by finding him."
"This is a different man? Not the elderly man you originally sought?"
"Yes," the voice said slowly. "A different man."
Nabalan Square often held public concerts in the warmer months, but less frequently during late winter. Very faintly, Nero could hear singing. The same song coming from inside his office and somewhere closer, near his left ear, where his employer was transposing the noise. His employer was somewhere nearby.
"Do you have a name?" Nero asked. 
"It doesn't matter. I'd be surprised if he's using a name I'd recognize, or that he shares his cousin's last name."
"Can you give me any other information?" Nero asked.
"In this case, there happens to be some family resemblance. I'm glad you were able to view Beros' body."
Nero shuffled through the papers on his desk for Beros' obituary. The memorial hadn't happened yet, and Nero would be able to attend. "Anything else? Distinguishing marks? Age?" 
"He has a rash on his face or a mark of some kind," said the whisper. "He's an apothynom, so his age will be hard to tell. You can start by spending time at the college. He might be a student. I can't tell you anything else." And then the voice was gone. Nero felt the buzz of the communication apothos end. He never noticed it until it was gone.



Humbled by a simple light apothos, I learned that difficulty lies in a multi-dimensional scale. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 20, 10:08
Eighteen Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Apartment Building of Paulos Gaent

Monar Leitar, Gaent's landlady, set a plate of biscuits in the middle of the table between Gaent and Teria. The plate was followed by crock of butter and a small pitcher of honey.
"You shouldn't have," Gaent muttered.
"Yes, well, I figured I'd better. " Monar smiled tightly with a half glance at Teria.
"I'm certainly glad you did," said Teria. "I'm famished. This kind of weather always makes me hungry."
Monar nodded stiffly. "I'll let you two work then, and check on you later."
"You really don't have to," said Gaent. He didn't have to glance from the theft inventory to know that Monar glared at him. On a rainy day like this one, Monar's oven worked overtime and she expected everyone to eat.
Teria split one of the biscuits and drizzled it with honey. "Do you think she's under the impression that those of us without lockets can't cook?"
"You can cook?" Gaent muttered. "And I'm not implying that your inability is based on your status as an apothynom."
"I know a few very good bakers that manage without a locket."
"But it's not the same, is it? Using one of those archaic iron contraptions."
"As long as the food is as good, what does it matter?"
Gaent shrugged. This wasn't a conversation that he was interested in having.
"I appreciate Monar's baking. I just wish I didn't make her so uncomfortable."
"Wasn't there another page to this inventory?" Gaent asked. He had read the inventory over and over during the past bi-week and nothing new had shown itself.
Teria discarded her breakfast and shifted her papers to find it. "You don't have the whole thing?"
"No. Can you make me a new one?"
She smiled. "That's what I'm paid to do, isn't it?"
Gaent grinned and continued sifting through the myriad of reports before him. "What's this?" he asked. It wasn't in Teria's handwriting.
"That. That turned up on your desk yesterday. From Vadael."
Gaent nodded and skimmed the report. "Huh. Gordellous was found dead. You remember him, don't you? Larceny. Used to show up a lot of places you wouldn't expect. He had two wounds, one in the gut and one in the neck. Bled to death with very little sign of struggle. Probably attacked while drugged."
"Why was it forwarded to your desk?" Teria asked. "Just due to your past dealings with Gordellous?"
"Happened near the warehouse. I guess Vadael thought we might be interested in it."
"Did you evaluate Gordellous as a suspect in the break-in at Torret's lab?" Teria asked.
"He was still on the list of usual suspects," said Gaent. "He had an alibi, I believe. Vadael should have an inventory of Gordellous' personal belongings. I'll take a look at it, just in case."
"Just in case, what? Gordellous had pockets stuffed with Ignex flasks?"
"You never know. Unfortunately, I think Vadael is still using that tall girl as his clerk. I think his partner prefers her for her company rather than her skills. This is nowhere near as complete as it should be."
She nibbled her sweet biscuit while she copied the second page of the inventory into her notes. "The Torret testing emetanism and apparatus? Named after the man himself, I take it?"
"Yes," said Gaent. "He devised and developed it, as well as a few other pieces of equipment that are instrumental in his research."
"Impressive," said Teria. "He isn't the average college lecturer."
"That's what I keep saying," said Gaent
Professor Torret had indeed gathered a list of names for Gaent and Teria to investigate. None of them were as well-versed in the procedures as Torret. The list included apothynomi who were vaguely involved in ocule apothos, including a few students that had expressed interest in it. Questioning them had been difficult. Schedules overlapped and most didn't want to be bothered by something as trivial as a murder investigation during potential class or research time.
Gaent didn't have a firm time of death either. It was difficult to check alibis when he couldn't ask about a specific time. He was left with his gut reactions to the men and women he questioned and whatever notes Teria had taken.
"You don't believe it's someone at the College, do you?" Teria asked.
Gaent piled and sorted the notes before him. "No, I don't. Do you? Do you think I'm not looking hard enough at them?"
Teria shrugged. "You might be biased in this matter, Gaent. The College culture is very tight knit."
"I'm perfectly capable of being objective. When haven't I been?"
"It's just something to keep in mind," said Teria. "We have to evaluate all these people from every angle."
Gaent's head hurt and he rubbed his neck in an effort to relieve the stress. He had proposed meeting here for a change of pace, but Gaent was beginning to regret it. Despite the welcome change of scenery, the dining room was stuffy. The crock of butter dripped with condensation.
"Nothing else in the notes that stands out to you?" Gaent asked.
Teria started from the beginning. "We highly suspect that the glassware used was stolen from Torret's lab. None of the glassware suppliers have had recent problems. Same goes for the contract manufacturer of that specialized kidney emetanism. And all legitimate acquisitions of that kidney emetanism go through Torret. Who says there isn't one missing?"
The muscles in Gaent's jaw twitched.
"We assumed that the old man that hired Beros acquired the equipment beforehand, most likely using someone else for the break in since Delralous's description leads us to believe that the old man wasn't physically fit enough to do the job. Then he hires Beros to move the equipment and kills Beros using the equipment. We don't know who else is involved in the break-in of Torret's lab."
"Right," said Gaent. "The usual contacts didn't reap anything."
"So, either the person who stole the glassware is outside of the circle of criminals that we are aware of, or someone was very well paid for their silence." Teria broke off a piece of biscuit and popped it into her mouth.
The thief, Gordellous, niggled in Gaent's mind. Alibis were easily corroborated when all involved were liars. Was it coincidence that he was now dead?
"And the list that Professor Torret gave us hasn't produced much of interest, other than a group of academia's finest. And if anyone would want them connected, it would be me."
"So much for unbiased," Gaent cut in.
"But I'm not seeing it," Teria finished.
"Comforting," said Gaent.
"Can we be sure Torret isn't holding something back? You were without the objective observations of your clerk when you met with him." 
Her attempted levity didn't improved Gaent's mood. "I don't know why Torret would want to hide anything."
"Unless Torret is our man," said Teria. "Little strange that he'd rob his own lab and go use a dirty warehouse though, eh?"
"Yes, that would be odd," said Gaent. "We might want to find out who else has knowledge of the type of ocule manipulations that Professor Torret is doing."
"Outside of the college?"
"Outside or within different disciplines," said Gaent. "Maybe I should find out if Professor Torret has a counterpart in Denaphaos," said Gaent.
Teria raised her eyebrows. "Now that's an interesting thought. What else do we have?"
Gaent pursed his lips. "Professor Torret said that the ocule manipulation experiments had a donor and a receiver. Beros was the donor. He had marrow removed from his bones. Maybe there's a recipient too."
"Thoughts on who that might be?" Teria asked.
"No," Gaent admitted. "But it didn't sound like most of Professor Torret's early experiments were successful. We might consider the possibility that another body might be found."
"Or another donor body," said Teria. "That's not the best way to gather more information, Gaent."
"I agree. I still don't know about the wound to the leg. It probably occurred after death, but I don't know what the reason for it is." Something was missing, but the names and stories Gaent had heard in the past few days had no connections for him yet.
Teria's smile brightened considerably as someone came through the door. Gaent assumed it was Monar, and was surprised when it wasn't. The young man had a familiar face, but Gaent couldn't place it. He wore a patrolman's uniform and his hair had been plastered down by rain.
"Can we do something for you, patrolman?" Gaent asked.
"Ah, no, sir. Not exactly. Teria asked that I come by when I was finished with my morning duties." He shifted uncomfortably.
"Teria asked you come?" Gaent asked.
"Inspector Gaent is firmly in business mode, Leo," said Teria. Leo straightened his posture minutely.
"I'm sorry if I'm interrupting," he said. "Should I come back later?"
"No, I think we're done here," said Teria. "Anything else you need from me Inspector?"
Gaent shook his head. "Not that I can think of right now." Teria would check in later.
Teria tapped one of the neat piles of papers. "If I leave these with you, will they be on my desk tomorrow?"
"No," said Gaent.
Teria nodded, but left them on the table. She gathered her writing board and the notes she had copied from. 
"Have a good lunch," said Gaent.
"Thanks. We'll try despite the rain." 
Gaent watched Teria and the young patrolman leave together until Monar Leitar, collecting dishes, obstructed his view.


14:22
Bijou Curios

The door to Bijou Curios opened and hit the small bell that hung from the lintel. Behind the shop's counter, Alcander straightened from where he was repairing the tiny hinge on an emetanic locket. The magnifying glasses he wore were not emetanic. He slipped them off before refocusing on the customer that had entered.
"Hey, Promander. How are you today?" It was Lystus.
"I'm well." Alcander didn't mention his eye-strain, the kink in his neck, or the pain in the inflamed joints of his hands.
Lystus worked his way along the display cases and was not impressed by the wares he saw.
"Promander! Are you helping that young man?" Jeraom poked his head out from the back office. The man had small piggy eyes that almost disappeared into the folds of his dark flesh when he was suspicious.
"Yes. I have him taken care of."
Lystus smiled and chuckled when Jeraom retreated to his usual seat amid the controlled mess of lockets in his office. "That's your boss?"
"Yes."
Lystus leaned over the counter, close to Alcander. "I will be very disappointed in you if you don't own this place within half a year."
"Not exactly my intention." Alcander had easily found work once he had learned a few things. Bijou Curios was a small shop near Kenos College. It sold lockets of decent quality as well as wafers for them and offered services to create the culcursus emetanism for new lockets. Alcander knew the basic apothos that evaluated a new amulet-owner and had adeptness at designing the emetanisms. His customer service skills were good enough. "Is there anything I can help you with?"
"Actually, I have been wanting for a new locket. I don't care for what I have." But Lystus winced as he examined a case of lockets that were decorated with gaudy gold leaf instead of stylish transparent windows. Alcander couldn't blame him.
"I have a few behind the counter here that are better," said Alcander.
Lystus shook his head. "I don't think so. No offense."
"None taken."
"And what you're wearing? You could do better." Lystus reached across and tapped the very plain, solid locket that Alcander wore. "You know what? Let's go find new lockets. We both need new ones and the set-up I have on this one is sub-par. Can you take off?"
Alcander glanced at the clock on the wall behind him. Other than the group of school kids, the afternoon had been very quiet. "I have about an hour left. But I think I can convince Jeraom to let me leave early."
"Go convince." Lystus pointed toward Jeraom's office with a thumb.
Jeraom was weak-willed, and it didn't take much from Alcander to be allowed the rest of the day off.
"You're a bad influence on me, Lystus," said Alcander, once they were on the street. 
"Good. You need a bad influence."
"Do I?" The rain had stopped shortly after noon, and the sunlight glinted off the puddles that lined the edges of the street. Alcander stopped to take in the scene. Lystus didn't notice and kept walking.
"Of course, you do. No one can be so completely dedicated to their job and to all the books you read."
 Alcander took a few fast steps in order to catch Lystus. "There's so much I still need to learn and do. It doesn't come cheap and it requires a great deal of focus."
"That may be, but you have to relax as well."
"And you think I don't?"
"I don't think finding new descriptors for your moron boss counts."
They had arrived at a much larger shop than the one Alcander worked for. A wide window showed a vast selection of lockets with delicate filament cages designed to show off the configuration of the wearer's fuel wafers.
"I'm not sure I'll be able to afford a locket here, Lystus."
"Aeron just bought one here the other day. And as Lexia is wont to point out, Aeron's father is a retiree from the Polities Guard. No money coming in from that direction. So if Aeron can afford one, they have to be reasonably priced. And they're much more stylish than most I've seen."
Alcander raised his eyebrows and tried to be as skeptical as possible.
"No, really, they're not that expensive," Lystus repeated.
This door had no bell above it. Instead, several attendants waited behind brightly-lit display cases. The display room was stiflingly humid despite running ceiling fans.
"Can I help you, sirs?" asked a lovely sales girl. She offered Lystus a toothy smile.
"I believe you can," said Lystus. "My friend and I are in the market for new amulets."
She turned to Alcander and included him in her smile. Her gaze flitted over the discolored patches of Alcander's skin and his very plain clothing before she returned her attention to Lystus. In a tailored half-shirt of maroon brocade, Lystus was the epitome of youthful style. "What sort are you gentlemen looking for?"
"Show us your most recent acquisitions," said Lystus.
"Just one moment," she said. She turned away with a glance over her shoulder and retrieved a portable case. While she was gone, Lystus grinned and winked at a second saleslady. This one was older, but no less pretty.
"Here we are, sir. These just arrived yesterday. Mr. Wartorean has forged an exclusive deal with a designer in Zyrie. These are just now being offered here in Kenos." She set a locked case on the counter and opened it.
The lockets inside were sleek clear ovals. Not only did they lack the bric-a-brac that decorated the amulets that were sold at Bijou Curios, they were absent of all decoration. The only thing that set one amulet apart from the rest was the color of the metal casing. The entirety of an apothynom's fuel wafer layout would be exposed.
Lystus's eyebrows climbed.
"They offer a very bold look," said the salesgirl.
"They do indeed," Lystus agreed. "Perhaps a little too trendy for the likes of us."
The girl nodded while giving only the slightest hint of disapproval. She removed the top tray of lockets to reveal a second set. These were obviously by the same designer with metal inlays radiating out from a large clear window. The color of the metal as well as the inlay patterns differentiated them. The surface was smooth and seamless.
"The hinge is hidden," said the girl. She pressed a small button set flush on the edge of a burnished copper locket and the face popped open. The emetanism housed on one side of the locket was hidden behind the usual layer of opaque lacquer.
"All models include spring-loaded plates behind the culcursus to offer a snug fit whatever the thickness or layout of wafers." She produced several graphite wafers, placed them on a faux culcursus emetanism, and clicked the locket face closed. 
"Very nice design," said Lystus.
"It conveys a certain something about the wearer," said the sales girl. She offered another dazzling smile and leaned forward over the counter. She held the amulet against Lystus' chest. "It does suit you well." She stepped to the side and let Lystus see the mirror on the wall behind her.
She replaced the copper locket and picked one of pale gold. "You should consider this color," she said as she held it next to Alcander's face. "It pulls the gold from your eyes." It was, in fact, very similar to the color of the splotches on Alcander's face.
Lystus surveyed the prices that were on the case and winced. The sales girl noticed. "They are the latest thing, sir. The designer's name is TelArtira. His popularity is inevitable."
"Just in yesterday," said Alcander.
The sales girl ignored him. "Of course, we have more modest lockets, but nothing that comes close to these in style." She placed both of the lockets back in the case and pulled it a few inches away from Alcander and Lystus.
Alcander had to admire her tactics. It was obvious that Lystus would be the sort of man interested in such amulets, but she flattered only enough to keep his interest. And while Alcander was sure that she would receive a bonus for selling the more pricey amulets, she was willing to risk the sale.
Lystus turned away from the counter and leaned toward Alcander. "They're not that expensive," he muttered conspiratorially to Alcander. "The craftsmanship is very nice."
Alcander shrugged. The sales girl stayed within his peripheral vision and waited very patiently. "I'm not sure they're my style," said Alcander. He, too, had his tactics to use.
Lystus made a face. "No offense, but you could use some style, Promander. You're a blank slate."
 Alcander blinked in surprise and decided it was best to turn attention away from himself. "Well, they are rather nice. I haven't seen their like."
"And it isn't something that is going to be tacky in five years. A one time investment." He glanced over his shoulder and smiled at the sales girl. "I think my friend might be interested," he said to her.
"And what about you?" Alcander asked.
Lystus shook his head. "I really can't afford the locket and to have a whole new emetascheme done. I'd like to, but not on my allowance."
"Just move the culcursus from your old one. I can do the positioning emetascheme," said Alcander.
Lystus chewed on the inside of his lip. The positioning emetascheme wasn't costly, but Alcander's offer would lessen the burden. Behind him, the sales girl took another step away and began to close the case.
"Then again, Lystus," Alcander grinned, "maybe you should customize amulet emetaschemes. I'm sure you could learn the techniques in no time. And it pays well. Jeraom might be looking for a new apprentice soon."
Lystus scowled. "You're sounding like my father, Promander." He nodded. "You'll do the positioning?"
"Yes," said Alcander.
He turned to the sales girl. "We're ready. You'd suggest this one?" he asked the sales girl. He tapped the copper one.
"Which ever you'd care for, sir," she said, "but I think that one is very nice on you. And the gold one for you?"
Alcander considered. "I think I like this one better," he said. The locket's casing had a bluish tinge to it and the asymmetrical pattern suggested ocean waves.
Lystus nodded. "That's a good choice."
"I heartily agree," said the sales girl. She picked out both lockets and placed them on the fabric covered counter. "Would you care to discuss culcursus and positioning options with one of our associates?" she asked. "We have an apothynom on-staff that can supply most configurations you'd require."
"We'll take care of that on our own," said Lystus.
"And will you two be needing wafers for those as well? We have a wide selection of sizes and thicknesses."
"No, thank you."
"Very well," she said, and was not surprised at the decision. She placed each locket in a nicely carved box.
Lystus reached into his pocket, but Alcander stayed his hand. "Let me pay for this. I wouldn't have chosen a new locket, much less one like this. Let me repay you for your advice."
"You're doing the positioning, Promander, that's more than enough. I have the money."
Alcander shook his head. "You have your father's money. Keep it for other things."
Lystus opened his mouth to protest again, but then laughed. "If you're sure, Promander. It's so generous of you."
"You can pay me back someday," said Alcander.
"That's a deal."
Alcander paid for the lockets, and Lystus didn't offer the sales girl a parting smile like he usually would.
"Do you have your kit with you?" Lystus asked at once when they had reached the street.
"No, I'll have to stop at work for it," said Alcander. 
When Alcander began working at Bijou Curios, he didn't have an emetanism kit. Jeraom offered to rent him one, but Alcander spent his first pay on his own. It contained all the tools one needed to layout the basics of the culcursus and the emetanism to keep the locket properly positioned. It was possible he might need such a thing in the future when he no longer had access to Jeraom and Bijou Curios.
"It's not too much trouble, is it?"
"No," said Alcander. "It will only require a short stop."
Bijou Curios was closed when they returned and Alcander let himself in. It had been easy to convince Jeraom to give him a key to the shop. Lystus waited in the doorway and didn't ask questions. Alcander collected the case that contained his kit, then made sure he had enough leugranum, filament powder and resin. He would fuse the powder to create pathways between the leugranum and seal each layer with resin. 
Lystus lived near the college in a small well-appointed third-floor apartment. His mood had changed on the way from the shop. He gathered two glasses of ouzo for himself and Alcander and quickly cooled the liquid with an apothos just like he had at Bayard's Bounty. He flopped on oversized chair as Alcander remained standing. 
Alcander's knees ached from the stairs, and he knew his back wouldn't be happy with the posture of the chairs.
"Can I ask you something, Promander?" Lystus asked.
"Of course, you can ask."
"What's wrong with you? Physically, I mean. You're in pain often."
Alcander smiled, drained his first glass of ouzo and helped himself to a second. "My body doesn't quite agree with me."
Lystus didn't ask for specifics. Alcander hoped that, because of the vague answer, the young man assumed it was something that Alcander didn't wish to speak of further. Alcander had many apothos to perform tonight and stayed intent on his drink.
"You're right, you know. I need to figure things out. I can't stay under my father's thumb," said Lystus, changing the subject.
"It's something you should have been thinking about for a while, Lystus. You're coming to the end of your education, and you should have had a plan for what you will do in the future. You need to have a long term plan, or you will just end up doing what your father tells you to do."
Lystus took a deep drink of his own and nodded. He was very much lost in his own thoughts, and Alcander began to wonder if the advice he had given Lystus was unwanted. He busied himself with his fuel wafers and surfactant.
"Are you ready?" he finally asked.
"Hmm? Oh, yes. Whenever you are," said Lystus. He removed his shirt and pulled a couple of chairs into the middle of the room. Alcander gathered his kit and the ouzo and sat across from him. He looked the young man in the eye.
"Lystus, just relax."


18:31
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

The message from Torret came after Teria had left for the day. Gaent could have sent a patrolman to retrieve her, but he didn't. He suspected that he would pay for the decision. Teria would be unhappy about being left out and maybe she would see things in Torret that Gaent did not. It was too late to regret the situation.
Gaent met Professor Torret in the lobby of Bayside Precinct. "I'm glad you could make it by this evening."
"Of course, I'm sorry I couldn't come earlier," said Torret. 
"The message I was given said that you thought of a personal item that has gone missing since the break-in."
"Yes. I didn't connect it. My watch. It goes missing quite often. I don't usually worry about it, since I find it eventually."
"But you haven't?"
"No," said Torret, "I haven't, but let's not get our hopes up. It won't be the first watch I've lost."
"A watch was found among some of the pertinent evidence. Can you describe yours?" The door at the end of the stairs was locked. Gaent fished a ring of keys from his satchel.
"It was a gift from Kenos University. Avitored casing, dark blue lacquer face with the school's moray symbol inlaid."
"Was it engraved?" Gaent asked. 
"No. It was presented to me before they could get it inscribed. I was supposed to give it to the O.T.A. department for the engraving, but I never did."
Gaent hid a grim smile as he unlocked the door. This wasn't the break Gaent wanted or needed, but it was something.
The properties room consisted of several cage-like cells beyond a barred door and a desk manned by two female secretaries. Neither of them had been on duty earlier when Gaent had gone through Gordellous' personal effects.
"Good evening, Inspector," said one. She was attractive aside from a distracting chipped tooth.
"'Evening," said Gaent. "I had a few things set aside earlier today. Could you get them for me?"
The other woman smiled sweetly. "Of course, but paperwork first." She slid one clipboard toward Gaent and produced another from her desk drawer that she handed to Torret. "We'll need a log of your presence too, sir."
Gaent and Torret filled out their paperwork as the first secretary unlocked the barred door, re-locked it behind her, and opened one of the caged areas. She brought a metal case with her. "It's Inspector Gaent, correct?"
"Yes." She knew Gaent, but regulations required her to ask.
She closed her eyes and whispered the focusing chant of an oft-reinforced apothos. The lock came undone with a small click. She opened the case and took her time checking its contents with an inventory list.
"Everything's in order." She handed the case over to Gaent. "Will you be long?"
"No." He quickly retrieved the watch he had noted earlier in the day. It was the classiest item among the things taken from Gordellous' apartment where he was killed. Other than small sapphires that marked the hours, it matched Torret's description. "Is this your watch?"
Torret nodded. He took it and examined it. "This would be it. I take it no glassware was found?"
"No, I'm afraid not," said Gaent. "We found it in the possession of a known thief. We might assume that he is the one that broke in. Or he might have simply bought it off of someone else."
"Is there some reason that you can't ask this known thief?" Torret slipped the watch on to his wrist. Both secretaries shifted behind their desks. More paperwork would have to be done before Professor Torret could take his watch with him.
"We can't ask him because he's dead," said Gaent. "We'll follow up with what his associates know. But I'm afraid they're not going to admit too much. I'm sorry, Professor."
"I have faith that you'll exhaust all possibilities, Inspector."
Gaent feared he already had.



When the gas was applied to the heated oil, it erupted with the brilliance of the sun. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Atendere 21, 2:13
Nineteen Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Lighted Way Reception Rooms

Nero was earlier than he'd intended.
He grabbed black cloth gloves from a table just inside the door and surveyed the reception room. He had wanted to arrive while the lighting ceremony for Beros was in progress. He could have slipped in then, unnoticed, and taken a leisurely look around.
Instead, family and friends stood idly or sat in untidy clusters. They talked; some of them softly with little affect, some boisterously. Most had come for the service alone and would leave afterward. Closer members of the family would hold vigil all night. Nero clenched his jaw, stuffed the gloves into his pocket, and made his way to the room's window.
He plucked one of the small blue-green brocade bags from its hook on the clear glass wall of the reception room. The wall was two thirds uncovered, revealing the deep night outside. A man with as many family and friends at his memoriam as Beros Evetorropelo would have no problems clearing the wall before the sun rose. Into each bag a memento of Beros' life would be placed and the bags would be emptied when Beros was interred or pyrolysized. The items would go with him or be kept by the family. And when dawn broke, the light that would come through the window would illuminate the path for Beros to his next life. The custom had always struck Nero as being of a particularly Agnos-worshiping bent, but the Darhorans that observed it always became a little touchy when he suggested that.
"It's such a shame." A thick man with shoulder-length hair leaned toward Nero to make sure he was heard over the din of pervasive conversation. He held a plate heaped with chunks of golden meat and vegetables from the buffet table at the edge of the reception room.
"Yes, it is," Nero agreed.
"For the city to treat his body like that," the man continued. "A proper preservation isn't possible at this point, I hear."
"Really?" Nero had seen Beros' body, had read the constabulary's report. He hadn't noticed anything that would cause problems with interment or immediate pyrolysis. If the family were endeavoring to have the body dried to be pyrolysized later, it would be more difficult, but not impossible. Leastwise, that was Nero's understanding.
"Well, you know how they are. Keeping the body for that long. It's an atrocity. It's going to be so difficult for the family to give Beros' the respect he deserves." The man used flat bread to shovel meat and onions into his mouth.
Nero nodded, message understood. The family wanted money in the bags. Presumably to cover the cost of pyrolysis. That, of course, was already Nero's plan. The only thing he possessed that was connected to Beros was the police report he had obtained from Sidi. That wasn't an appropriate memento to give to the family.
Nero pocketed the bag. He'd fill it later when he was unattended. The thick man followed as Nero maneuvered through the crowd to one of the buffet tables.
"Are you a friend?" the man asked. "Or one of the more removed relatives? I know most of the family that lives in Kenos."
"Uh." Nero ladled a cup of posset from an ornate crystal bowl at the end of the table. "Well, I'm only here because I happened to be in town. I'm a friend of Beros' cousin, Lidi."
The thick man nodded, but his eyes were vacant enough to tell Nero that Lidi had been a good choice for his cover. Nero had checked the public records concerning the Evetorropelo family. Lidi was the child of Beros' uncle from the Bayard Plains, and advantageously to Nero, she had recently passed on herself. She wouldn't be attending this reception and it was unlikely that anyone here knew that branch of the family very well.
"Well, I'm sure that everyone's glad to see you here. Especially family. Beros' acquaintances certainly leave something to be desired." With a chomp at his flat bread, the thick man inclined his head toward the boisterous group of young men and women that had taken position near the door. They were less well coifed than the family members were. Their "best" dress was a few months shabbier than the family's, enough to create strata among the mourners. He didn't notice locket chains around their necks.
"Beros never did well for himself," the thick man mused. "He had so much potential, but never... Well, I shouldn't speak ill." The thick man retreated to the glass wall and the dwindling number of bags that hung on it.
Nero took his posset to a relatively unoccupied corner of the room. Beros' family wasn't too much different than Beros' friends and co-workers. They were large people, people who physically worked for their livelihood. But today they would affect a different lifestyle.
As Nero looked around the room, he saw very few amulet chains. Due to the conservative nature of funereal fashions, he wouldn't see the lockets themselves. There would be no bare midriffs today. He considered that the family might be Orthodox Darhoran. Amulets weren't allowed within the orthodoxy. In fact, the very concept of using assisted apothos was forbidden. But, if these people were Orthodox, Nero would have read about it in the records. They simply weren't the most apothically talented group. 
Here and there an older relative wore an amulet. Nero spotted a gaudy one on the neck of a woman with hair bleached the color of sea barnacles. Considering the staid ring of dark clad matrons that surrounded her, Nero figured she was Beros' mother. Despite whatever conversation she was engaged in, she noticed Nero's gaze and met it. Nero nodded to her in what he hoped was a gesture of solidarity, not requiring a response. Beros' mother squinted at him and turned to ask something of the nearest of her friends. Nero turned to busy himself with gathering another ladle of posset, but caught a glance of several of the other women in the group now looking his way. Nero clenched his jaw. He had attracted too much attention. The mother would be over here soon and he wasn't certain that his story of Lidi would fare as well as it had with the thick man. The dimming of the lights saved Nero from further attention.
The votary a small age-darkened man clad in light blue vestments entered the room with Beros' father. Mr. Evetorropelo was bigger than his son had been and made the robed man seem tiny. There was no rash on Beros' father's face, and of course the man would be too old, but Nero was going to be as comprehensive in his investigation as he could be.
Relatives and friends sat, some of them gathering a drink or another helping of food before sitting. All put on or already wore gloves to cover the soft glow that emanated from the palms of their hands. The service was so well attended that many of the peripheral acquaintances had to remain standing. Nero had counted on enough people at the service that he could stand to the side without attracting notice.
Beros' mother joined her husband and the votary in front of the window.
The diminutive votary had the voice of a man twice his size. Nero wondered if there was apothos involved in his ability to project.
"Good evening, my friends," he began. "It's good to see you here, so many faces that I know well and many more that I am pleased to have come out of their way to wish Beros good travels. May we please?" With a small gesture, the lights dimmed until the room was dark. "Let us begin by remembering Beros. The path he walked, the deeds of his life. Let us take comfort in knowing that he lived as Darhora taught us to."
Beros' mother began, as was the tradition. "My son was a good boy..."
Beros' father would be next, then one or two others. It gave Nero plenty of time.
Earlier in the day Nero had done a rare thing. He had reinforced an apothos. He didn't use apothos often. He had never been a talented apothynom, and what he lacked as an apothynom, he compensated for with painstaking attention to detail. To save time, Nero had prepared a few surveillance apothos.
Brightness, Nero thought. Nero had learned the apothos at a young age. His grandfather had a cellar below his house, and would challenge each of the children to go and retrieve a bottle of wine without using a light. If one of the children returned with the correct bottle, it was usually by luck. Nero's cousin, eight years his senior, taught him the trick to the whole game: a single apothos that wasn't a light. And since then, when Nero prepared the apothos, he thought about his uncle's basement. Nero covered his mouth with a hand as he whispered the focusing word. The posset would have to do as fuel.
The tension of the reinforced apothos welled behind Nero's porta flexus and burst upward to his eyes. The feeling was intense and pleasant, and Nero immediately experienced a pang of guilt. Apothos use in the presence of the dead was wrong, a slight against the man who could no longer use apothos until he walked his new path. Only the priests and the votaries could use apothos to light the dead's way. Even though Beros' body wasn't present, Nero was contrite. For an instant, the apothos had made him obscenely alive.
To Nero's eyes, the reception room brightened considerably. The apothos gathered light from the dimmed lights, from the street lamps and stars, and from far down the hallway near the entrance of the building. The faces of the men and women sitting and standing sharpened though the colors were still dimmed and darkened. Beros' mother and father and the votary stood before the partially uncovered window. All three stared into the middle distance of the darkened room.
"Tomin, would you like to speak now?" the votary asked.
Beros' father took a step forward, bumping into his wife. "Yes. My son and I, we weren't as close as we should have been and for that..."
Nero got to work. He scanned the crowd from their right side with some difficulty. Nero moved slowly and subtly. The gloom covered his movements as he bobbed to catch a view of a large-nosed man in the middle of the crowd and the short, younger man next to him. In the end, Nero decided both were too old and had too little family resemblance to fit the description given to Nero.
Nero heard the votary begin his chants, the overly complex and ornate steps of an apothos that would eventually bring about a ball of light. He was surprised that only the parents had spoken. Among the section where Beros' friends sat was a young woman with a mass of thick curly hair. She sat, glaring, with her arms crossed over her chest. The girlfriend, Nero suspected, better behaved than she might have been.
Nero needed to be quick. The votary's apothos would create more light then his eyes could handle. 
Quite a few men stood around the edge of the room. Many of them were young and one stood with his hand to his face, covering a faintly glowing cicatrice, but wore no amulet chains. Nero examined the crowd once more. No, none of them were who he was looking for. Beros' cousin with the rash hadn't attended.
Before the votary finished his apothos, Nero dug the brocade bag from his pocket and tucked a stack of coins into it. His employer would compensate him for it none-the-less.


8:49
On the way to Denaphaos College

Teria sat across from Gaent in the rocking cab. She gripped the edge of her writing board with a gray-knuckled intensity that Gaent found amusing. She was trying to be nonchalant, but he knew how uncomfortable the trip to Denaphaos made her. He had tried to broach the subject in the past, but she became angry. She gazed out the window at some faraway point.
"So, how's Leo?" Gaent asked.
Teria blinked several times before focusing her attention back inside the dark interior of the cab. "What?"
"Leo. How's Leo?"
"He's just fine," she said slowly. "Why do you ask?"
"Just interested. If it's none of my business, that's fine."
"We've just been spending some time together. He's nice." Her tight hold on the edge of writing board loosened.
"Nice?"
"Yes, well, some of us want something other than work in our lives."
Gaent grinned. "Even if it's just 'nice'?"
"Yes--"
The cab jolted to a halt and Teria clutched the board closer. Gaent opened the window and leaned out. He winced at the sight of a coach that had lost a wheel fifty yards in front of their own.
"A coach lost a wheel," he said to Teria.
Her eyes went wide.
"It's nothing, Teria, just a stopped coach. The bridge is solid enough. It's not going to break."
"Of course not!" said Teria. "I know it's solid, that it has stood for who knows how many decades."
"Centuries," said Gaent.
"You're not helping."
"What does Leo think about you being a follower of Darhora?" he asked to take her mind off the situation.
"It's not an issue," said Teria.
"Has he relinquished his locket yet?" Gaent wasn't serious.
"We haven't talked about his amulet." Teria squirmed in her seat.
"So you're thinking about getting fitted for a locket yourself and becoming a full-fledged apothynom?" He smiled at her as widely as he could.
Teria only scowled. "I'm going to meditate now. Let me know when we're off this accursed bridge." She closed her eyes and laid the board across her lap with her palms flat on top of it.
"Seriously, Teria. You have a knack for investigation. If you had a locket, training..."
"That's not my way, Gaent," she said without opening her eyes. "I'm not meant to be an inspector. I'm meant to be a clerk."
"Why settle for that?"
She shook her head slowly. "You just don't understand."
Gaent shrugged and leaned out the window. They had stopped at the apex of the Grand Bridge, and from this vantage point, Gaent could see the misty skylines of both cities. The lines of Kenos soared heavenward with simple grace. The stone and avitored of the inner-city buildings were clean and unadorned, but where the city touched Suna Bay was an unsightly warren of docks and warehouses. What had started as a refuge for vice outside Denaphaos had grown into a city in its own right. 
Denaphaos was older and darker city, but no less grand. The streets radiated out from the docks. The warehouses and shipping companies sat flush with the water, neat and orderly and rebuilt within the last half century. What its buildings lacked in height, they made up for in intricate decoration. Even the lowliest warehouse wall was baroquely etched with scenes of the Empire in its long ago heyday. The main street of Denaphaos led to the Citadel that stood, walled, on a hill that jutted from the surrounding city. Within its walls was the hub of government and all of Denaphaos College.
"Sir, you'd best sit back," the cabdriver said to Gaent. "We're about to get going again." He flicked a long switch over the haunches of his horse and snapped the reigns.
Gaent relayed the message to Teria.
"Good," she whispered, but she didn't open her eyes until they had reached the more uneven stones of Denaphaos' streets. She peered out the windows now with genuine interest.
"Nothing ever changes here," she commented. "If I weren't in this cab, I swear I might as well be six years old."
"Your father used to evangelize in Denaphaos, right? I haven't spent much time here, myself," said Gaent.
"I don't anymore," said Teria. Gaent wasn't certain how long ago her father had died.
Gaent always saw more lockets in Denaphaos. Larger lockets, always worn with well-tailored shirts and blouses. It was said that scullery maids in Denaphaos wore lockets. No wonder the Darhoran philosophy of "each hand to do its work" met with some resistance. Pretenders might wear fake lockets, but it was only in Denaphaos that a man might be challenged to prove their apothos-working prowess. Teria's impenetrable blouse would be more obtrusive than usual.
The cab quickly reached the Citadel walls.
"Here we are, sir," said the driver. He opened the door on one side and helped Teria from the coach. "Would you like me to wait for you?"
"No, thank you," said Gaent. He paid the man with several coins and he and Teria continued on foot.
The Citadel's gates were always open, but stood at the ready, just in case a threat presented itself. As a boy, Gaent always imagined the students of Kenos, in their best blue and grays, storming the citadel only to be repulsed by the stout gates. Two formal constables in their dark red uniforms flanked every wall breech.
Gaent nodded to the constables as he and Teria passed and followed the main street until it branched.
"Right, I believe it was," said Teria.
"Yes, that sounds correct." He followed her as she took the right branch and went straight at the next intersection. They wound their way between several buildings with detailed stonework stained by age, until they came to the central square, one of the few open areas of the campus. The cobblestones here were straight and level, recently repaired.
"It's still to the right of here," said Gaent. He headed down an alley with Teria following.
"No," she muttered. "We're going to be behind it."
"Which is just fine," said Gaent. "Here we are, and at the back door."
A newer plaque designated the rectangular gray building to be part of the Transformation Apothos Department. The faded etching above the door said 'Refractive Sensing.' The discipline housed within had changed innumerable times since its construction, an age past. Gaent wondered if Refractive Sensing was originally a department of the university or of the military citadel.
Gaent stopped his clerk. "Teria, you know that non-apothynomi aren't very well respected here in Denaphaos."
"You mean in comparison to the respect shown to me in Kenos?"
"You know what I mean."
"Yes. In fact, I know better than you do."
"I brought you with me today because this is the official business of Kenos and you are a valuable employee of the city."
"Oh, please, save the flattery."
"And because I want your keen eyes and ears with me." She nodded, more convinced. "But in this situation, I think you should only act as an observer. Don't ask questions and don't comment on my ability to do so."
Teria rolled her eyes. "I can agree to that, and I can honestly fathom your reasons why. I will be your good little clerk."
"Come along and be good then, little clerk."
The hallways of the Transformation Apothos Building were as tight as Denaphaos' streets. The atmosphere was still and warm. Gaent heard Teria inhale beside him. She made a face as she noted the smell to herself. She'd note it later, Gaent was certain. This might not be Kenos College, but it was still a new experience for her. Gaent inhaled as well and was met with a mixture of dust, mold, and chemicals. It stung and he snorted in an effort to remove the smell from his nostrils.
Professor Juleos Jenevor had an office on the third floor of the building amid several small laboratories. Most of the doors that Gaent passed were open and he could see various sets of equipment. Most were made of incomprehensible items that he was not familiar with. Professor Jenevor's door was also open when he and Teria approached.
Jenevor was younger than Gaent expected. He sat behind a wide, curved desk that cut the room into three small sections. Books and papers were housed in one section as well as Jenevor's chair. A collection of plants filled the section to the far right. The remaining, middle part of the room was cluttered with two over-sized chairs. One was occupied by a long-haired woman when Gaent and Teria arrived at the door.
Jenevor noticed Gaent immediately. "I'll be with you in just a minute," he said. The professor wore thick lenses in front of his eyes that gave Gaent the disconcerting impression of fish swimming behind glass.
"Just make sure that the soil is moist," Jenevor said to the woman. "This isn't something you should be having problems with. Agreed?"
The long-haired woman was less confident, but nodded. "I'll try that."
"And if it doesn't work, you need to see me immediately. Understand?"
The woman, a student, gathered her books, bobbed her head, and squeezed past Gaent and Teria.
Gaent took a step into the room. "Hello. Professor Jenevor?"
"Ah, you are Inspector Gaent from Kenos." He rose to shake Gaent's hand. Instead of a cropped shirt to show his locket, Jenevor wore his locket over his shirt. The shirt had an area of fine mesh where the locket hung against his abdomen. The locket was large, but entirely enclosed.
"Please take a seat." His eyes roamed over to Teria and especially lingered at her neckline. "And this is?"
"This is my clerk, Teria. In Kenos, it's standard practice for every inspector to have a clerk with him or her to record interviews and to observe. I'm sure you will agree that it is a very advantageous practice." Gaent took the seat that the longhaired woman had vacated. He made no move to secure one for Teria.
"Ah, yes," said Jenevor, "that is a very wise practice. Very admirable. Are all your clerks non-apothynomi? I would think it would be almost necessary."
"No," said Gaent. "Most are, but Teria just happens to do a fine job with little apothos."
Jenevor gave Teria a smile that one might favor a pet with. Teria kept her face neutral. Gaent wondered if she had bitten through the tip of her tongue yet.
"I will certainly try to be of help to you, Inspector. Can we move on to your questions?"
"Yes. I'd hate to take too much of your time. I've been told that you are the foremost authority in Denaphaos on ocule manipulation in animals?" Teria's pen scratched across her paper lined tablet.
"I am much more involved in the manipulation of characters in plants, but I have worked with small animals as well. As a matter of studying the theory, you understand." Jenevor folded his hands in front of him on the desk. "I regret to say that I cannot show you the results I've obtained."
"I didn't expect that you could. It is certainly the theoretical aspects of such manipulations that I'm interested in." Gaent leaned forward and put his elbows on his legs. "I understand the basics of ocule manipulation. I have spoken with Professor Torret in Kenos about it."
"Professor Torret? Yes. Is he well? I haven't heard from him in a very long time."
"Do you two communicate much?"
Jenevor shifted in his seat. "Not as much as we once did. I prefer more traditional uses for ocule manipulation."
"Torret's most cutting edge experiments involve moths and fuel production. I'm surprised that you would have objections to that."
"Oh, no. I'm very impressed with those breakthroughs. But forgive me for saying, my impression is that those are not what good Professor Torret spends most of his time on." Jenevor wasn't sorry at all.
"I can't vouch for how Professor Torret spends his time, but he is also involved in animal research. Is that what you take exception to?"
"Yes, I will admit that I do find some of those experiments to be beyond what I would have the stomach to do."
Gaent saw Teria open her mouth beside him, but closed it before she said anything.
"Moral objections?" Gaent asked.
"Some. I feel it's better to leave more intelligent species alone." Jenevor glanced at his watch and at Teria.
"My questions mainly concern using sentients, Professor. In your opinion, could such ocule manipulations be done on human subjects?" Gaent braced himself, expecting a maelstrom of ranting. Instead, Jenevor sat steepled his fingers calmly.
"Yes, it's possible. I find the idea reprehensible. I certainly hope you take that down, miss," he said to Teria. "I want to make that very clear."
"Yes, sir." Teria was demure and did not smile.
"How difficult would it be?" Gaent asked.
"No more difficult than it would be to do it to other animal species. And the process is far from easy to begin with. A significant amount of experimentation is necessary to isolate ocule chains, particularly in a species whose characters and ocule chains have not been mapped. Until a map is developed from these experiments, each new ocule chain is traced 'in the dark' if you will. Each sheds more light, but it's still like fumbling in the dark."
Gaent focused on the blotter on Jenevor's desk and formulated his next question. "How long does it take to come to the point where you're fumbling in a familiar room?"
"That's dependent on the species involved. Plants aren't terribly complex. Moths aren't either, but their fuel processing characters complicate matters. Not only are humans more complex, but one wouldn’t be able to avail oneself of the work of others. To get to the point where one would be...comfortable...doing such manipulations on humans, might take an entire career."
"Professor Torret also mentioned an emetanism needed to take care of dead tissues during the process--"
"Yes, I know to what you're referring. No offense to your Kenos sensibilities, but an emetanism like that within the context of this sort of apothos use is merely a short-cut."
A student appeared at the door behind Gaent. Jenevor nodded to him. "Excuse us for a while, Korin. I'll be done in a moment."
The student nodded and stepped further into the hallway, but lingered within earshot of the professor. He too wore a shirt with the mesh window and his locket over his shirt.
"I won't take any more time, Professor Jenevor. Thank you." Gaent began to rise, but Jenevor waved him back into the chair.
"If you wouldn't mind returning the courtesy, I'd like to ask a few questions," said Jenevor.
"I will be as helpful as I can be," said Gaent.
"Why is an inspector for the City of Kenos questioning a professor in Denaphaos?"
Gaent bobbed his head. "I wanted a fresh perspective on a few things."
"And I have provided that?"
"Yes, this has been most informative, Professor."
"But why? Why did you seek out my perspective at all in such matters?"
Gaent hesitated. He had hoped to avoid explaining the situation to someone outside of Kenos. 
"Don't worry, Inspector. I trust that you won't tell tales about me and I will pay you the same courtesy."
"Of course," said Gaent with a smile. But he rose and shut the door to Jenevor's office before saying more. The student in the hall looked away quickly. "There has been a murder, and the murderer may be performing some sort of experiment on his victims."
"Oh." Jenevor brought a hand to his mouth and massaged his lower lip. "Why do you suspect manipulation to be a factor?"
"Due to the wounds and some evidence," said Gaent. "We found some equipment that is specific to manipulation."
"Could it be that someone was simply using the equipment as a weapon?" Jenevor was interested and spoke quietly.
"There are much easier things to use as weapons," said Gaent. "But it's a possibility that we're still considering."
"Could it be someone that has done this murder as a matter of protest against manipulations?" Jenevor asked.
"Are there people here in Denaphaos with strong opinions about this matter?" asked Gaent.
Jenevor smiled and shook his head. "No, so I doubt that you'd find any in Kenos, but you have a much different point of view on such matters."
"Still a possibility," said Gaent. "But we haven't had publicity regarding ocule manipulation in these crimes."
"Has there been more than one victim?"
"No," said Gaent.
Jenevor nodded, understanding what that meant. He spoke slowly. "If it is someone that is using victims for an ocule manipulation experiment, there will be many, but it will take a long while."
"Yes," said Gaent.
"Thank you for being so candid," said Professor Jenevor. "I wish you luck in your investigation."



The enormous aptitude and self-importance of apothynomi may prove to be a barrier to innovation. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Prosperity for All Goeterians : The Goeterian Pact



Atendere 23, 10:45
Twenty-one Days after the death of Beros Evetorropelo
Kenos Stadium

The stadium in Kenos had been built not long after the Great Bridge that linked Kenos and the older city of Denaphaos. The supports were made of the same gleaming avitored and its form was of the same sweeping lines as the Bridge. Kenos College was built around the stadium, and the stadium loomed over the shorter buildings like a benevolent parent. Immediately surrounding the stadium was lush, black-green grass webbed by walkways of pink stone.
Crowds started forming as the sun peeked hazily over the horizon. The food vendors were first. They offered hot meats to be served on flat breads with cheese and spicy sauces as well as cold drinks, spun sugar, fruits. All did a brisk business. Everyone wanted to get food and settled in before the festivities began.
Lexia smiled nervously at Promander as they picked their way through the growing crowd. Fans lugged cushions to sit on and parasols to provide shelter from the hot sun. Lexia had her own closed parasol hooked over her arm, while Promander had settled for a wide-brimmed hat.
"The games between Kenos and Denaphaos are the biggest, the most popular," she said. "Big rivalry. And they are arguably the two top martial programs in the Polities. But other schools will be represented here today too."
He nodded, but remained silent. Lexia wasn't sure what it was that unnerved her about him. It wasn't his looks. She wasn't shallow enough to be bothered by the splotchy tan marks that covered his face, hands and arms. They reminded her of an aged uncle of hers, as did Promander's stiff way of moving, but neither was repulsive.
His manner was what bothered her. He didn't talk or pay much attention to her. Honestly, Lexia wasn't sure she wanted his attention. When he didn't simply ignore her, he gave her expressions of frequent confusion and occasionally distaste. Those were the expressions that greeted most people Promander met, including all of Lexia's friends. Except Lystus. The apothynom's eyes grew brighter when he was around Lystus. Brighter, interested, and hungry. That made Lexia uncomfortable. She wasn't used to one man looking at another in that way. She hoped that Promander hadn't misunderstood Lystus' friendship.
She continued talking when he wouldn't.
"Some say that Sylapord has a competitive swordsman, but I don't think so. It's mostly people who are against the Interan League that say that. There are teams from Trysorta and Zyrie here today too. Good revenue for the school, that's what Lystus says. But of course, there will be a lot of Kenos fans in from Trysorta as well."
"Revenue?" Promander asked. Whether he was interested in the school or whether his interest had been piqued by the mention of Lystus' name, Lexia didn't know.
"Yes. Well, teams are paid to come here to compete against the Kenos Morays, but the gate receipts are more than enough to make up for that. We have one of the best teams and the best stadium. It's a shame that Denaphaos insists that we compete at their stadium for half the local tournaments."
Again, Promander wasn't listening to her. He was staring intently at a man selling flatbread sandwiches. The vendor had long, greasy hair and prominent, uneven teeth. He smiled too widely at the women he served.
"Do you know that man?" Lexia asked before she could stop herself. Promander might have just been interested in buying something to eat, but his line of sight was on the man, not the food.
"I can't decide," said Promander.
"What?" Lexia asked.
Promander's manner immediately changed. With a wince, he stood straighter, and he averted his eyes from the hawker. "He's very familiar to me. I think I should know him. But I can't place him. I'm sure he's nothing to me."
He abruptly walked off toward the stadium again, leaving Lexia behind. She stared at his back and wondered why Lystus considered this man a friend. Lexia jogged a few steps to catch up.
"So, are you a fan because of Lystus?" Promander asked as she fell in step next to him. "Or would you be here if he didn't participate?"
"I have always been a fan." Lexia tossed her long hair and squared her shoulders in pride. "My whole family lives in Kenos. Great-grandfather on down. We've all attended Kenos College. And we've all been fans of the Kenos Morays."
"I see."
She was tempted to throw his questions back at him, but didn't. "Considering that you're not a fan, I hope you can enjoy the afternoon anyway."
"I wouldn't say that I'm not a fan. I'm just not well acquainted with the sport yet." He smiled suddenly at her, and adjusted his hat. "And I'm sure you will be an adequate guide to watching my first tournament."
He is attractive when he smiles, Lexia thought, but his smile wasn't genuine. It didn't reach his eyes. 
"It's no problem. Just a favor for Lystus, since he asked me to."
"And he asked me to make sure you were taken care of as well."
"Oh, did he?" said Lexia. She wasn't quite sure what to make of that statement, but an alarm sounded in her head. What if Promander was interested in her?
"Listen, Promander, I'm flattered but..."
"Is that the Morays coming in?" he asked abruptly. Fans were starting to line the main street. They unfurled gray flags and banners all marked with a stylized navy blue eel evading a fisherman's net. When the team wagon appeared the crowd erupted. 
A tall, broad, red mare pulled the wagon and whinnied loudly as they neared. The mare's black mane and tail had been plaited with gray ribbons. Her harness and tack was made from navy-colored leather and decorated with long streamers of the same hue. She tossed her head happily, egged on by the encouraging cheers of the crowd. With no wagon-driver on the bench, no reins pulled at the mare's soft mouth.
"They have a Bayard," Promander remarked. "I've rarely seen one." The mare's eyes were completely black as all Bay or Bayard's were.
Lexia nodded. "They say she's as smart as a driver might be, and that she loves watching the matches."
"Quite amazing," said Promander.
"Well, I don't entirely believe it," said Lexia with a chuckle. "I mean a Bay can't be as smart as a human."
"Whole farms and factories are run by them with little human assistance," said Promander. "They might not be able to perform apothos, but they aren't just stupid animals either. Truly a gift from the Empire." He raised his hand to clap the wagon as it was pulled past. 
The team was made of athletic young men of different sizes, but they were all lean and muscular. All wore their team colors, loose long-sleeved navy blue shirts and gray pants. They eagerly leaned over the sides of the wagon to shake and slap hands. Girls, especially, were given attention and the Morays were not without female fans.
Behind them was a line of wagons. The next was drawn by a skittish horse and held in check by a stone-faced driver. The young men in the back wore crimson jerseys and only waved sedately to their own banner waving fans.
Lexia and Promander moved to the stadium gate, opened for the wagons. Lexia caught Lystus' attention with a shrill whistle. He vaulted over the edge of the plank-sided wagon and landed near them. Before the crowd could close in around him, he grabbed Lexia and Promander by the arms and pulled them into the stable area beneath the stadium seats.
"Lystus," Promander said as he nodded in greeting.
"Glad you could make it," said Lystus over the cheering. He pulled Lexia close and kissed her quickly on the cheek. "Thank you, Lexia, for taking care of Promander."
"I'm taking great care of him, so quit worrying and get your head together for your competitions."
"Bah!" He waved off her concern as the rest of the team disembarked from the wagon. "I've been thinking of nothing else. Now, I just need to relax a little."
"Is that wise?" Promander asked. "Relaxing?"
Lystus shrugged. "I find it's best to relax before stomping some plebes from Denaphaos. It doesn't help to be overly excited. All you do is make mistakes when that happens."
Promander smiled. "Yes, I can understand that."
Behind Lystus, the Moray's coach called the team. Lystus bounced on his toes, and beamed. "I need to go. I'll talk to you both after the games. At our victory party!"
Promander squeezed Lystus' arm and paused. "Lystus, have a good games," he said.
Lystus gave a last wave and joined his teammates as they headed off to their preparation room.
The crowd was starting to move to the general gates to find their seats.
"We should get something to eat first," said Promander. He led Lexia to a stand that was half the stadium away from the vendor that he thought he knew. Promander bought two sandwiches of dried fish on crispy bread, each with a different sauce, then handed one to Lexia. 
"What's wrong, Lexia?" he asked as he took a bite of his sandwich. "You're frowning."
Lexia shrugged. She hadn't realized she had been pulling a face. "No. I'm fine."
"Good. It would be unwise for us to not get to our seats. We might miss the teams coming in."

* * * * *

Despite the droopy rim of her sun hat, the unrelenting sunlight made Teria tired. She leaned backward on the bleachers and stretched her back.
"You should get her a drink, Leo." Leo's father leaned around his son and gave Teria yet another one of his weighing stares. 
"No, I'm fine," said Teria.
The day had so begun well. She had made plans with Leo to attend the Interan Games. They had arrived late, missing the team processionals. This was not disappointing to Teria, but it had set Leo on edge. Teria had soon learned why. Leo's father had expected them before the processionals. And he had not expected Teria. And Teria had not anticipated meeting Mr. Mentololis. 
Leo had tried to convince his father that he had been responsible for their timing, but Teria sensed that Mr. Mentololis attributed the blame to her. Since then, the older man had periodically studied her. Teria half expected him to question his son's choice right in front of her.
"Are you sure, Teria?" Leo asked. He was a man conflicted. If he paid too much attention to her, his father scowled. And she was very aware that he didn't want to leave her out of conversations he had with his father, however mundane.
"Yes, I'm fine. Just a little stiff."
In the fields below, they were setting up for the next round of competitions. The rings were being measured out for the sword matches.
"Well, I could use a drink," said Mr. Mentololis. "Why don't you get me something, Leo?"
Leo jumped to his feet. "Sure, Dad. How about a lemon liqueur?"
"Yes, that sounds good. That vendor by the palms sells a good lemon liqueur." Mr. Mentololis squinted in annoyance at the field.
"Are you sure you don't want anything, Teria?" Leo asked.
"No, thank you. I'm good," Teria repeated.
"You said you're stiff, do you want to come with me?"
"No," replied Mr. Mentololis in Teria's stead. "Teria will stay here with me."
"Oh." Leo smiled nervously and hurried away.
"So, who are you favoring in the melees?" Mr. Mentololis asked.
"Um..." Teria consulted her program. "I don't suppose that Epinrif is still competing, is he?"
"No. He graduated about three years ago." He glanced at Teria and this time his attention definitely settled on her chest and abdomen. Both were entirely covered in a breezy eyelet blouse that Teria had bought for the occasion. 
"It's been that long? He was always one of my favorites."
"You didn't attend the college. I'm surprised you followed the games."
"Of course I followed them. I was born and raised in Kenos. These sports mean a lot to all of us."
"Haven't kept current, have you?" He grunted and twisted in his seat to see if Leo was returning.
"I've been busy," Teria said. "I have a job that takes too much time."
"My son didn't tell me he was dating." It was a comment that could have been off-hand, but it had a weight that Teria couldn't ignore. "So, what is it that you do? I get the impression that you are someone that Leo works with."
"We both work for the Bayside Precinct," said Teria, "but in different capacities."
Mr. Mentololis shook his head. "My son, the guard. Dropped out of school for that. And he has talent too. His teachers told me that when he left. He would have done better to stay and join the constabulary later."
"That could be," said Teria. "But I'm sure Leo considered his options before he left school."
"Have you ever been a young man?" Mr. Mentololis asked.
"No," said Teria.
"Then I doubt you can understand the rashness of young men."
"Leo is very good at what he does," said Teria. She leaned across Leo's empty space. "I've had the chance to see his file. He will have no problems becoming a inspector when the time comes."
"Great, an inspector rather than a proper apothynom. But I'm sure you'd rather that be the case."
Teria had two options. She could either smile at the old man or curse him. Teria smiled. 
"You're right. If it pleases Leo to become an inspector and he's good at it, I wish him all the power in Weordan to do that. Any Darhoran would wish that for your son. But honestly sir, in my world, your boy is as much an apothynom as you are." Both men wore conservative lockets.
"Try not to show your Darhoran ignorance too much," said Mr. Mentololis. He considered the argument won and returned to his program. "I think that Sylapordan has a good chance. He's seeded much too low. Kenos only has Lystus. He's ranked higher than the Sylapordan, but I don't think he'll last. And this other boy, Aeron? Has only been mediocre."
Several foul phrases swirled through Teria's mind, but instead, she joined him in calmly consulting her program. The Sylapordan was seeded fifth, but he had won his last four competitions after recovering from a serious injury and being away from the sport for the better part of a year. An impressive record. Lystus had a paragraph biography that was reserved for the brightest from each team. His win record was solid, especially in the last year. "I'm afraid I will have to be loyal to my city," said Teria. "Lystus' history shows that he's favored to win."
"I should hope he is," said Leo. He had arrived with three lemon liqueurs in hand. "Just in case," he said as he handed one to Teria.
"Thank you," said Teria. Teria found the tart taste wanting, but the cold temperature of the beverage was welcome.
"I've sparred with Lystus," said Leo.
"Really?" said Teria.
"When I was in school, I was a year under him, but the coach had the younger men spar with the older." Leo sipped his lemon liqueur and produced a small bag of candied fruits from his shirt pocket. He offered them around and Teria picked one to nibble on.
"Is he a good fighter?" she asked.
"One of the best Kenos has had. He's not competing within a weight class, is he?"
"The program says unlimited," said Mr. Mentololis.
"Good," said Leo. "It would be a waste for him otherwise."
"Your father doesn't think that he will last past the Sylapordan." Teria immediately regretted the statement, but she let it stand.
Leo squirmed and offered another candy to his father.
"I just don't think he has the muscle," Mr. Mentololis explained.
"He has a lot of endurance," said Leo. "He would work over about ten of us then go on to his own practice."
A cheer rose from the other end of the stadium and spread as more and more spectators spotted the combatants coming on to the field. Each was led by a boy or girl with a banner. Kenos was the last onto the field and the crowd noise only grew in volume.
"Is that him?" Teria asked. At the head of Kenos' group was a handsome young man. He wasn't the biggest of the lot, but he had trim muscles and confidence that was palpable.
"That's him," said Leo. "These should be a good matches."
"Yes, they certainly should be," said Teria. She glanced over toward Mr. Mentololis. He sipped his drink and kept his eye on the field below.


23:56
On Kenos Campus

The party was so loud that Alcander's ears rang when he stepped outside onto the composite balcony. The group that played had two drummers and favored the popular songs. The correct lyrics were optional, and conversation was impossible without shouting. 
Alcander was surprised at how many songs he knew.
Many things today had jarred the blurred memories that hovered in his mind. The sandwich vendor had been the first, but not the last. In his memories, the spectators wore different colors and cheered for the Morays against non-existent teams. He knew the stadium at night under its artificial lights and on sweltering days in the sun's brightness. The exact shape of the arena was different in his memory; oblong with one very narrow end. When Lexia led him to their section, he was certain they were going the wrong way and fully expected to end up in a locker room. Yet, like in a dream, the place that he had labeled as Kenos stadium in his thoughts didn't reflect reality. He didn't know precisely how to account for his memories, but strangely, that didn't upset him.
Lexia had insisted on giving him commentary about every uninteresting thing that occurred. The subtle beauty of the stadium lights activating and focusing on the arena was lost on her as she encyclopedically lectured on the badly played music that accompanied the combatant's preparatory exercises. She was equally annoying when commenting on the matches. Her focus was on the individual competitions. She did not grasp the strategies used to improve a team's standing that might cause an individual's score to suffer. She often considered the outcome of a match to be "stupid." Alcander had wanted to leave her in the crowd and find somewhere quieter, but he remained by her side. His goal had been this party, to be invited to it and accepted at it. Something as trivial as Lexia wouldn't create adversity between him and Lystus.
Lystus' performance had been impressive. He was quick and his movements with the sword and shield were well-practiced and controlled. But as Aeron had said, his strength was in wearing the competition out. In the early rounds, Lystus had moved easily around the circular ring. He dodged most blows, anticipating the tactics of those lesser opponents. Only after his opponents became impaired by fatigue did he close in to finish them. Lystus walked away from the first two rounds of three matches each with only a minor bump or two.
The later rounds had tested Lystus' ability to persevere efficiently. The apothos that Alcander had done in the past, at the Bayard's Bounty and when he had calibrated the emetanism in the boy's amulet, had shown Lystus to have a large capacity to use apothos. He had natural talent with it, but the sport had made his body a better conduit. In later rounds, there were more instances when Lystus did not get out of the way of a blow quickly enough. Some of the wounds were substantial, but Lystus continued on after closing the wounds between matches. Unfortunately, in the penultimate round, Lystus' energies wore thin. He lost the match to a grim-faced Sylapordan.
Alcander inhaled and let the night cool him from the inside out. The wind had risen and the weather had cooled not long after the game's end. The late storm would die out before it reached Kenos, and Alcander was glad of it.
"Promander! Promander, my friend, is that you?"
Lystus pushed the glass-paned door open and joined Alcander at the composite barrier. He was limping, and Lexia hanging on him didn't help. Her eyes were bright with intoxication. She giggled and wobbled as she walked.
"Yes, it's me," said Alcander.
"Are you having a good time?" Lystus asked. "You haven't sang. You haven't danced. You haven't..." He glanced at Lexia and began laughing.
"I'm fine, Lystus. I just needed a little quiet." He tipped back the glass of ouzo he was holding and drained it.
"And you need another drink by the look of you! Lexia, my dear, could you bring us all drinks?" Lystus waved his empty glass in front of her. "My buzz is definitely wearing thin, so nothing pure. Keep it tamed. Very, very tamed."
"For you, anything," she said. She slowly leaned on Lystus and kissed him on the cheek. Her intoxication made her very agreeable.
Alcander was about to protest. He had been careful to procure his own drinks and make sure they consisted only of alcohol. He wasn't interested in tamers or in trying the wing dust, nigh, or other drugs. Tonight, he certainly wasn't going to risk a clouded mind. He was also not going to risk making a spectacle of himself, so he remained quiet. If the drink was tainted, he'd dispose of it and replace it.
Lystus, appreciatively, watched Lexia walk away.
"How's your leg?" Alcander asked.
"Right as rain," said Lystus. "I'm just sorry I needed help repairing it. Damn him."
Lystus meant the Sylapordan. The final injury had broken the upper portion of Lystus' leg, a serious wound in terms of the curative apothos effort. It had cost him a second opportunity at the championship through double elimination. 
Alcander put his hand on Lystus' arm. "Relax." 
As Alcander said it, he meant it to recall the apothos that he had originally associated with 'wing dust.' It had been easy to connect that apothos to those words, but it had become inconvenient to use that phrase. Alcander had decided to change the word, as perhaps the students at the Bayard's Bounty did. But it wasn't easy. The word brought no associations.
"Relax..." Alcander said again. This time the tightness increased in his chest as the apothos was accompanied by fleeting details of the times he had previously used it on Lystus. The new association had worked and warmth spread to Alcander's eyes. He looked Lystus directly in the eye. The apothos would make Lystus agreeable. "You gave as good as you got."
"You're right about that, Promander. I almost had him. I was this close." Lystus held his fingers about an inch apart. "He went down next round, and to Aeron."
"I don't think Aeron could have defeated him if you hadn't made the Sylapordan waste a great deal of effort in combat and on the apothos for mending his wounds after your match." 
Lystus nodded emphatically. "I performed well." He continued to nod longer than necessary. "Aeron's decided to join up. The Polities Guard. He wants to go serve on the Bayard border to earn a chance in Weordan."
This was a subject that weighed heavily on Lystus' mind and Alcander wasn't surprised that Lystus talked of it.
"Are you considering that?" Alcander asked.
"You know, I don't know. I think if I did, it would kill my father." His amused, defiant expression turned regretful. "I wouldn't want that."
"But?"
"But I don't know what would please him," said Lystus. "I'm tired of trying to please him." He laughed again at something that Alcander couldn't fathom. "Where is Lexia with that drink?" 
Alcander peered through the window of the house that several students shared. Lexia was among the crowd. She held three glasses in her hands, but had become sidetracked by one of her friends. They were talking animatedly, and Lexia lost some of the beverages with each gesture.
All of the participants at the party were drinking tamed alcohol, and Alcander had seen some other substances being inhaled and imbibed. Lystus drank but didn't partake of those other drugs. Alcander wouldn't need such things to cloud Lystus' reason. Lystus would leave with Alcander in a few hours and believe for a while that it was his own idea. He would be so much easier to deal with than Beros had been.



I would rather concentrate on building my personal power than build it for others. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 24, 9:20
Twenty-two Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

"I have one more thing I want to look into." Gaent pushed back his chair and let the weight of his head pull on the tense muscles in his neck.
"Which is?" Teria was busy transcribing a set of reports that Petorous had requested. They would meet with him in an hour to decide whether to continue on with the Beros case, or put it to rest.
"I want to go talk to Ionun Morintopealos."
Teria's pen stopped. "Why?" 
The old man's reputation was well known. And while Ionun held a respected post as a cataloger in Denaphaos' library, both cities could be divided into those who believed the man to be a genius and those that believed he had lost his mind a long time ago.
"His specialty includes an aspect of Torret and Jenevor's research," said Gaent.
"I suppose that's a way of putting it. Do you think he can shed light on the situation?"
Gaent shook his head. "I don't know. This kind of thing is up his alley, and he's not exactly within the confines of either of the Colleges. He might know of someone we'd be interested in talking to."
"I don't think Petorous is going to buy it. He's going to accuse you of stalling for time."
"Not too far from the truth," said Gaent.
"Or worse, he's going to accuse you of wanting an excuse to go ask Ionun about moth legends."
"Only you'd accuse me of that," said Gaent. "And no, that wouldn't be my objective."
"Just checking. I don't know what to expect from a man who swears he heard a moth talking to him."
"It wasn't talking to me, Teria. I've explained that before. I just heard two voices, and the moths were the only ones around." Gaent rubbed his eyes. She never had a difficult time goading him into defending his moth story. Her grin told him she had gotten what she wanted. She twiddled her fingers in imitation of an insect.
"Well, we don't have much to go on right now."
"And you don't want to put it aside," Teria finished. "But then you never do."
"I'm stubborn."
"You're thorough," Teria corrected. "I'm done. Want to go talk to Petorous now?"
"Might as well." Gaent rose and Teria slung her writing board over her head before she followed.
Petorous's door was open, but Gaent still rapped his knuckles on it before he entered.
"You two? Already?" Petorous glanced at his watch.
"We're early," said Gaent. "Unless we're interrupting."
"Nope." Petorous gestured to the three mismatched seats that cluttered his office. "I was just thinking about you, Gaent."
"Oh? Now you have me worried."
"You should be. Your old friend Adarro has officially asked for our help. You're being considered." Petorous passed the request to Teria.
"Adarro? Is asking for help?" Gaent was stunned. "What happened? Was the chancellor of the College assassinated?"
"Lystus is missing," Teria read.
"Who?" Gaent's ignorance gathered scowls from both Teria and Petorous.
"An athlete at the College," said Petorous. "One of the best. I heard he came in third in a very big tournament yesterday."
"Yes," said Teria. "I was at the games. Lost money on him, in fact. Despite some pretty hefty injuries, he still softened the other guy enough for another Kenos team member to finish him off."
"I didn't know you followed that sort of thing, Teria," said Petorous.
"I'm just recently picking it up again."
"Teria's gained a young boyfriend. She has to do something other than read these days," said Gaent.
Below Petorous' line of sight Teria wiggled her fingers as a promise that Gaent's moth story might be told if he continued.
"You're assigning us to help Adarro?" Gaent asked, changing the subject. "Are you serious?"
"I'm strongly considering it. In large part, due to your history with Adarro."
"I would think my history with Adarro would be the best reason not to assign me." Teria handed Gaent the report on Lystus.
"I trust your ability to behave, Gaent."
Gaent read the report and didn't respond.
"Besides, it sounds like you've come to a standstill with this Beros kid." Petorous smoothed his voluminous shirt over his belly. A conservative square cut-out displayed his locket. "It's time to get you working on something else. And I would think you'd want to rub it in that the Bayside solved the theft at Torret's lab."
"That's using the term 'solved' loosely," Gaent muttered as he read. "Only Torret's watch was recovered and the suspect is dead." He flipped to the beginning of the report. "This isn't the first disappearance at the College."
"Right." Petorous sifted through the litter on his desk. "Which is why Adarro is finally asking for some help in the matter. The disappearances have been spread out over quite a few years. It's unlikely that they're related. And obviously, no bodies have been found. These are the incident reports I've gotten about the other disappearances." He handed them to Teria. "If you want better, you'll have to see Adarro."
"Have there been disappearances within our jurisdiction?" Gaent asked.
"You know there have been. There's always outstanding missing persons." Petorous shifted in his chair. The subject, like any failing of his Precinct, made him uncomfortable. "Still, its unlikely that they are related."
"But possible," Gaent muttered. "Let's go, Teria. We need to talk to Adarro." He lurched from his seat and turned to the door.
"Great," said Petorous. "You're now officially assigned to it. I'll wait until later for your update on the Beros murder. Teria, Dia has already made copies of those, so they're yours."
"Thank you, sir," she said distractedly. She rose and followed Gaent while continuing to read.
"How many are there?" Gaent asked her as soon as Petorous' door was closed behind him.
Teria flipped through them quickly, counting. "About fifteen, scattered over a number of years."
"We don't have time for that," said Gaent. "And most probably aren't pertinent."
"I won't know what's pertinent until I sort through them."
"We'll take a cab and you can read on the way." He was on his way down the stairs and Teria followed, finally looking up.
"Wait a minute," said Teria. "Did you just agree to help out Adarro with his case? Are you seeing some sort of connection because I never figured you to be a charitable sort."
"Might be something," said Gaent. "A possibility to investigate."
"I don't see it," she said. "Do you think we're going to find Lystus' body with similar markings?"
Gaent shrugged. "I don't know, but I want to have a head start if that happens. Right now, nothing links the two."
Teria muttered something quietly.
"And I wouldn't be surprised if Petorous is thinking the same thing. How often has he let us out of his office without discussing whatever topic he expected?"
Teria shrugged and didn't answer. 
"Let's hurry," said Gaent.

* * * * *

"Adarro is expecting you." The secretary at College Security gave Gaent a wary glance and pursed her lips in disdain when she saw Teria.
Teria always felt uneasy when Gaent was in this sort of mood. He always had a reason for what he did, but sometimes it wasn't clear to her. She wanted to see the connections he made between pieces of information, but invariably, she would miss something. She trusted him, but she still felt a strange sense of responsibility concerning what she didn't know with certainty.
Adarro met them at the door of his office and ushered them in.
"Petorous sent me a message and told me he assigned you to this. What took you so long?" Adarro's distaste for Gaent was evident, and his piercing eyes set Teria on edge.
Gaent let Teria sit and then perched on the edge of a second chair. "Teria, why don't you fill us in on what you found amid the reports that were given to us by Petorous?"
Teria inhaled and began speaking with as much coolness as she could muster. "I sorted through the missing person's reports and found perhaps five that might be related."
She passed a list and the reports to Adarro and he scanned it briefly.
"By what criteria are you linking them? None of these students knew each other. Two of them were focusing on organic transformations, two were concentrating on materials. One was undeclared. All were good students, none outstanding. All lived in campus housing. And I assume that Lystus makes six in your pattern?"
"Those five students stand out from the rest due to what was left behind after they disappeared," said Teria. "According to people who knew them well, none of their belongings were missing. As you said, all were good students and none were experiencing personal problems."
"That you know of," Adarro insisted.
"True," said Teria, "there might be circumstances that we are unaware of, but probably not in all five cases."
"Has Lystus' apartment been searched?" Gaent asked. "If it has, that portion of the report hasn't been given to us."
"It was a quick, preliminary search," said Adarro, "just to make sure that he hadn't been abducted from his apartment."
Teria handed Gaent a page from the report. "Ah. So, that's what is meant by 'no signs of struggle at the residence.' We'll have to do our own search."
Adarro leaned forward, annoyed.
"I fail to see how that connection is particularly useful." His chair creaked ominously under him.
Teria hesitated. She didn't entirely understand the usefulness of the connection herself, but it was something to work with.
"Any connection is useful, Adarro," said Gaent. "You're the head of security here, you should know that by now."
"And maybe I shouldn't have asked for your help. My own men could have followed up on this. I was expecting insight, and instead I have a you following a flimsy lead with your locket-less 'partner' here."
Gaent rose abruptly. "I'll need to question some of the people who last saw Lystus as well as his family. Will that be possible?"
"Here's a list," said Adarro. He handed it to Gaent, avoiding Teria. Gaent let Adarro hold it until Teria plucked it from his fingers. Teria's anger flared and surpassed her confusion. She carefully tucked the list away and was out the door before Gaent.
"Couldn't you turn the ink on my notes into slow acting acid?" she asked as soon as they were outside. "I'm certain he needs his finger to keep his place while he reads. He'll smudge the entire thing. And he probably moves his lips as well."
Gaent chuckled. "What? Do you think I can just instantly transmute substances without preparations or supplies? And you make fun of me for my moth story!" Teria sniffed in annoyance as Gaent continued. "Sorry, I'm only an apothynom. Too bad neither of us are Agnos worshipers. We could have petitioned for some divine intervention. Who's first on the list?"
"The girlfriend. Is this address on campus?"
"Yes, we'll see if we can catch her. She might be in class."
"Her boyfriend's gone missing. I doubt she's concerned about her class attendance," Teria pointed out. "She's probably a good choice to take us to Lystus' apartment. She'll know if things are missing or noticeably out of place."
"If she's willing," said Gaent.
They walked in silence for a while as Teria turned the facts over in her head. The connection was a tenuous one, but they were all students that had disappeared with no word, and all of their belongings left behind. It suggested that they all were abducted. Runaways generally had noticeable personal problems and took things with when they left, sometimes just money or items to be pawned. 
 "So, Teria," said Gaent, interrupting her train of thought, "would you know if Leo's things were out of place?"
Teria's face grew warm, but Gaent's impertinent comment was well-timed.
"Here we are," he said before she could formulate a respectable answer.
The dormitory was consistent with the rest of the architecture on campus. Despite the modest purpose of the building, its façade was grand. Teria was surprised to find that the inside of the building was very neutrally decorated. 
Gaent led the way through the building and to the third floor. The dormitory had an open area where the stairs ended on each floor. Around the stairwell, rooms were situated outward in a radial pattern. On the third floor, the common area was decorated with three large couches situated around a low, wood table. Several young women were sprawled on the couches as Gaent and Teria arrived. Somber-face, they stared as Gaent and Teria passed, but said nothing. Their normal conversation was cut short.
"What room?" Gaent asked.
"Three-fifteen," said Teria. Behind them, the girls on the couches shifted. Teria had to wonder just what the rumors were concerning Lystus' disappearance.
They passed several open, or partially open, doors on the way to Lexia's room. Teria resisted the temptation to take more than a lingering glance at the contents of the domiciles. The hallway walls were smooth composite with the occasional notice posted. The doors were wooden and sturdy, each decorated to the taste of the individual that resided there.
The door to three fifteen was decorated prominently with an image of a handsome young man that Teria recognized as Lystus. It had recently been added on top of several notes as well as a daily schedule.
Gaent listened at the door and then rapped his knuckles against it. The door opened shortly after a muffled response. 
"Lexia Saer?" Gaent asked.
"Yes, that's me. Who are you?"
In Teria's estimation, Lexia was a pretty girl with overly serious features. Her eyes were bright gold from irritation. She wore a cropped blouse that showed off a beautiful locket with a fairly simple wafer configuration. Teria found it heartening that she hadn't yet decided to take on mourning garb.
Gaent held his credentials out to Lexia. "I'm Inspector Gaent--"
"Do you have news?" She opened the door wider and her tired eyes grew bright.
"I'm afraid not. We'd like to ask you a few questions. This is Clerk Teria."
"What do you mean, questions? I've already answered questions." She remained in the doorway. Her hands clutched the edge of the door.
"Miss, I'm from the Bayside Precinct. We're going to be helping out, and we believe that Lystus' disappearance might have something to do with a case we're investigating." Gaent was quiet and calm, but his voice didn't have an effect on Lexia.
"You mean now two precincts are involved? Do you think you might make some headway?" Her voice was loud and was certainly heard in the sitting area.
Gaent kept his patience and refrained from telling Lexia that campus security didn't exactly qualify as a precinct. "With your help, we have a good chance of doing that, Lexia. Will you talk to us?"
"Of course I will." Lexia regarded Gaent like he was insane.
"Can we come in?" he asked.
Beyond Lexia, Teria could see that the room was small with enough room for a bed, a desk and a wardrobe. Lexia had managed to crowd in a set of shelves and a small settee. Right now books and clothes were strewn across most surfaces. Flimsy curtains had been closed over the room's single window.
"No," said Lexia. "We can go to a study room." She retrieved her room key from her desk and locked the door behind her.
The study room was an emptied domicile with several desks and chairs placed along the perimeter, and a round table in the middle. Heavy curtains obscured the window and several lamps illuminated the room. The place was unoccupied, and Lexia busied herself with gathering chairs from three of the desks. She set them around the table in a semicircle facing the door. The walls and floor were plain, but the furniture was handsomely carved. Gaent closed the door once they were ready.
Teria took a comfortable spot at the table with enough room to spread out her notes. She made sure that records relating to Lystus were placed out of sight at the bottom of piles. Lexia watched her carefully with disdain.
"So you don't know more than the campus security?" Lexia asked.
"Probably a good deal less," Gaent said gently. "And I'm sorry that we'll be asking some of the same questions, but I find it is very important to get my own feel on things. I know you'll be able to help in that."
"Please," said Lexia, "don't preach to me about how important I can be. I just want to find out what happened to Lystus. And I'm going to give you the same answers I gave Campus Security, so you're just wasting your time. Don't you all have criminals you can go grill for information?"
Gaent ignored her. "When was the last time you saw Lystus?"
"The night of the Interan Championships. At a party afterward."
"Can you be more specific? Did you see him leave? Did you leave first?" Gaent asked.
"I... I don't remember." She laughed a little. "I enjoyed the party too much. I think he left before I did. I was surprised he left without me."
"How long have you known Lystus?"
Lexia's lips and chin trembled, but Teria couldn't decide whether it was due to anger or sorrow. "Three years, more or less since we started at the College."
"More or less?" Gaent asked.
"I knew him, had a few classes in common with him, but we didn't start dating until about two years ago."
"You'd consider your relationship with Lystus to be exclusive?" Teria asked.
"That's usually what is implied by dating," said Lexia.
"How close of a relationship?" Gaent asked before either woman could say more.
"Very," said Lexia.
"Would he have told you if he were going somewhere?"
"He'd tell me," Lexia said. "Lystus had manners. He'd never just leave without telling me. And we had plans for yesterday. He wouldn't stand me up."
"He always told you where he was going?" Gaent asked. "Always?"
"Well, he wouldn't tell me if he was going to relieve himself or stop for a bite to eat, or was going on an errand, but if he was going to be gone..." She ran out of words.
"Is there anyone else he would confide in as much as he did you?" Gaent asked.
"His parents, I guess. I can give you a list of other people he was friends with too, like I already gave to Campus Security."
"Did the two of you ever talk about what you were going to do in the future?" Teria asked. "Did you have plans together?"
"No, not really. I had always thought he'd finish school and get a job with his father. His father knows some exclusive emetaschemes. He promised to teach Lystus one day. Lystus talked about that sometimes."
"You sound unsure," said Gaent.
"He had changed his mind recently. Said something about joining the Guard with his friend Aeron. And then maybe going to Weordan to 'seek his fortune.' " She rolled her eyes. "But he was always changing his mind about stuff like that."
"Have you seen Aeron since Lystus has been missing?" Gaent asked.
"Yes. Yes, he was one of the first ones I went to when I couldn't find Lystus. They trained together," she added without prompting. "Not the best of friends, but they spent a bunch of time with each other."
"Do you know if someone had problems with Lystus? A rivalry that might have gotten out of hand?" Gaent asked.
Lexia ground her teeth together and worked the muscle in her jaw. "I've answered this twice now."
"Please, once more?" Gaent smiled, still patient.
"No, no one. Sports rivalries, of course, but those things don't exist outside the ring. Lystus always tried to be respectful to his opponents."
"Did he have financial problems?" Teria asked. "Owe money?"
Lexia blinked at Teria and then started laughing. 
"I don't know why I didn't think of this before," said Lexia. "I don't know how he could have slipped my mind. Promander. A man named Promander just recently started hanging around Lystus."
"What do you know about this Promander?" Gaent asked.
"Not much. He's not from Kenos, but I don't know where he's from. He was learning apothos, I guess."
"Was he a student at the College?" Teria asked. She stopped writing and stretched her hand. One of the joints in her middle finger popped.
"I don't think so. He wore a pretty poor locket when I first met him. He and Lystus shopped for new lockets together, so I guess he was an apothynom of some sort. But he said he was still learning."
"Do you know where he lives? Works?" Gaent asked.
"Lives, no. But I remember Lystus saying he worked for Bijou Curios," said Lexia.
"Would Lystus know where this Promander lives?" Teria asked.
"I don't know. Maybe. I'm not sure if Lystus ever went to his apartment or not."
"How long did they know each other?" Gaent asked.
"Not very long, and I'd probably know more if they had been friends longer. But then, I wasn't included in their plans too often."
"Do you have a last name for Promander?" Teria asked.
Lexia shook her head slowly. "I won't be surprised to find out that Promander had something to do with this."
"Why do you say that, Lexia?" Gaent asked. "Do you have a personal grudge against Promander?"
"No," Lexia said quickly. "He's just...strange. Nothing about him fits. And Lystus became such good friends with him so quickly. That isn't like him at all."
"Can you give us a description of him?" Teria asked.
"He's about five feet ten. He is pretty lean, but his back seemed to bother him. Wide shoulders, but not an athlete. Straight, medium length hair. And he had big, splotchy birth-marks, especially a big one on the side of his face." She traced the area along her own jaw and chin.
"Any other noticeable facial features?" Teria prompted.
"A wide mouth, I guess. And sort of deep set eyes with heavy lids."
"We can have a sketch artist come by later, or if you want, you can visit Precinct Headquarters," said Gaent.
"I'll be here all day," she said simply.
"Would you do us one other favor today?"
"What?" she asked with the petulant tone of a tired child that didn't want to be bothered further.
"We need to go to Lystus' apartment," said Teria. "We want to see if things are missing or out of place, but we don't know how things are normally. We could use your perception of things."
"Oh," said Lexia. She bit the inside of her lip and for the first time was at a loss for words. "I can do that. Could I bring someone with me?"
"Of course," said Gaent. "That would be fine."
"You want to go now?" she asked.
"As soon as possible."
She swallowed and stood. "I'll go see who's around and not busy." Teria doubted that she would have trouble finding someone to go with her.
"We'll wait right here," said Gaent. 
"She's certainly biased against this Promander," Teria said softly after Lexia had left. "Almost like she's jealous."
"Promander is a lead, but he's going to take some work," said Gaent. "We'll check Lystus' apartment and then Bijou Curios. An address for the apartment is in the notes, yes?"
"Yeah, and I think I know of Bijou's. The owner made some complaints a while ago about bad elements in the neighborhood."
"Anything come of it?" Gaent asked.
Teria shook her head. "I didn't follow it too closely, so I'll assume it didn't."
Lexia appeared in the doorway with an appropriately worried friend. "Well, I'm ready," she said.


12:10
In an apartment in Kenos

Alcander set to work shortly after noon. He kept the curtains drawn and turned on lamps to illuminate the room. The light wasn't enough to wake Lystus from his slumber.
Bringing him here had been easier than Alcander had imagined. Lystus had been inebriated at the party and a few words from Alcander were all it took to convince him to leave with Alcander. Alcander's apothos produced an effect similar to how addicts react to their addictive substances. Luring Lystus had been no different than luring a desperate addict with a bag of wing dust. Alcander hadn't liked seeing that sort of pathetic behavior from Lystus.
Lexia had presented a more difficult challenge. Where positive things like compliments worked well with Lystus, Lexia responded better to the possibility of loss. Fear was what was needed to manipulate Lexia. Last night, Alcander had combined a strong fear apothos with the suggestion that her constant fawning annoyed Lystus. Alcander had also taken the opportunity to tell her how embarrassing her behavior was and suggested that she forget about the whole incident. The impact had been great enough that she would follow his instructions with no question.
He didn't worry about the rest of Lystus' friends. He doubted that they knew him well enough to remember much about him.
After the party, Alcander had brought Lystus to this inconspicuous house. It was private and well-appointed for the tasks at hand.
Alcander was stronger now. There would be no errors this time.
Lystus' locket hung from a hook on the wall, empty of its wafers. Alcander would have to keep it for a while until he was sure enough time had passed to sell it. He fingered his own locket, hanging tautly at his porta flexus. The metal decoration was much cooler to the touch than the glass.
With a shrug, he turned to Lystus, drugged and neatly bound to a long, gray table. It was the sort fishermen used to clean their catches, tilted with a hole for drainage that Alcander had no intention of using. The table was almost too narrow. 
He had been able to salvage some of the glassware he'd used with Beros, and acquiring more equipment hadn't been difficult. He hadn't used the testing equipment in Beros' case. He hadn't had the time. Now he did. He moved here on his own without breaking a single piece of glassware. Similarly, he had arranged for enough food and other supplies to be delivered. 
He would want for nothing this time.
Alcander gathered a bottle of ouzo. He was ready for the first ritual he would perform on young, energetic Lystus.


13:06
Bijou Curios

The bell over the door rang as Gaent pushed it open. Bijou Curios was situated between campus and the docks in an area that contained still-reputable businesses in run-down buildings. In another decade, it would be targeted for renovation, but now it simply lingered and tried not to gather the attention of criminal endeavors.
Lystus' apartment had turned out exactly as Gaent expected. According to Lexia, nothing was missing and the mess was reasonable, presumably from the last time he had been in his apartment. Gaent had been surprised, and thankful, that Lexia did not have a key to the apartment. It took effort to keep her and her friend from straightening things. Teria quickly sent them away with gratitude for their help.
He and Teria had searched the desk, chests of drawers, bookshelves and wardrobes and only found the belongings of a disorganized student. The laundry was unwashed, most of the fuel lamps were very low on oil, and Teria noted a collection of magazines in Lystus' bedroom that were not required reading at the College and would probably upset Lexia. The furnishings were better than what Gaent had when he was in school, but Lystus' family had enough money to provide him with many things. What they hadn't found were addresses or schedules.
Before they had continued on to Bijou Curios, Gaent stopped at a communication box and requested a clerk from Campus Security to be sent to Lystus' apartment.
The glass cases that lined the walls of the shop were dusty, but neatly organized. They contained rather basic lockets and a few other pieces of ornamental jewelry.
A short man with a thick face pushed off of his chair at the rear of the shop and met Gaent and Teria at one of the side cases.
"How may I help you?" he asked. He had a whiny quality to his voice that Gaent didn't care for. "A new amulet for the lady, perhaps?" He smirked at his joke.
"No, thank you," answered Gaent. "We'd like to speak to the owner, if he's available."
"He is available. I am Jeraom, the owner of this shop." He wore a gaudy locket beneath an open, wrinkled shirt.
"I'm Inspector Gaent, of the Bayside Precinct. This is my clerk, Teria. We'd like to ask you a few questions about one of your employees." 
"Let me guess, this is about Promander?"
Gaent blinked. "About five-ten, thick hair..."
"And a birthmark on his jaw?" asked Jeraom. "Yeah, that's him."
"What can you tell us about him?"
Jeraom snorted. "Well, he hasn't been to work in four days. I advanced him a bi-week's pay and he vanished soon after."
"Do you have an address for him?" Gaent asked.
Jeraom rocked from heel to toe. "Yep, and I'll give it to you too, but I don't think it will help."
"Oh?" Gaent asked.
"I'm not a man to wait around. Like I said, I advanced the man a bi-week's pay. I sent a friend of mine out to visit him when I hadn't seen him in three days. Turns out, no one that looks like Promander lives at that address."
"We'd certainly like to check that out for ourselves," said Gaent.
"No problem," said Jeraom, but he didn't move to retrieve the address for Gaent and Teria.
"I take it you don't expect Promander to return to work," said Gaent.
"Nope, and it's a shame too. He was better than most of the deadbeats I've employed. I wouldn't be upset if he hadn't taken my money. It's not like I'm behind on work without him. You know, I never advance my employees money, but I did this one time and this is where it's got me."
"Have you filed charges against him for breach of contract?" Gaent asked.
Jeraom shrugged. "I didn't figure it would do me much good."
"Do you want to?" Gaent asked.
Jeraom just shrugged again and said nothing further.
"What was it that made him seem more dependable?" Teria asked.
The shop owner considered the question. He cocked his head to the side, waiting to hear the proper answer from the ether. "He was very keen on getting the job. No work record that he could speak of, but he proved that he was good enough. Still, he was strange. Acted younger than he looked and was sort of ignorant about some things."
"Like?" Gaent asked.
"Nothing I can put my finger on," said Jeraom.
Gaent nodded.
"So, what kind of trouble is he in?" Jeraom asked. "I take it that it's more than stealing some money from a third-rate merchant."
"We'd simply like to ask him a few questions if we could," said Teria, "about a friend of his."
"The kid?"
Gaent was surprised again.
Jeraom smiled. "The only person that ever came around to see Promander was a some college kid. Promander was older, I guess, but didn't have the confidence you would expect of someone his age. Didn't catch the kid's name."
"How often did he stop by?" Gaent asked.
"Just once. I hadn't employed Promander for very long."
"Do you think they were close friends?" Teria asked.
Jeraom shrugged. "Promander finished and they left together. Was pretty friendly to the kid, considering Promander was a clam. He didn't talk about much usually."
"Can you tell us anything else about Promander?" Gaent asked. "Anything at all could be of use."
Jeraom lifted one shoulder in a shrug. "Are you going to tell me why you want to know?"
"As my clerk said, we want to ask him a few questions. Could you get that address for us?"
Jeraom rummaged through a pile of paperwork near his till and finally found a tattered application. Teria copied it in mere moments.
"If you see either of them, will you let us know?" Teria asked as she handed the application back to Jeraom.
Another shrug. "Sure, especially if it helps me get my money."
"Thanks," said Gaent. He nodded politely to Jeraom and left, with Teria trailing a step behind.
"Think he's right?" she asked.
"Could be. And if he is, Lexia might be right too. Who's next?" Gaent asked.
"His parents in about half an hour," said Teria. "I had central make an appointment for us."
Gaent nodded. "Let's get a bite to eat first."



The celebrity of Lystus very nearly ended me. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 28, 6:40
Twenty-six Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Hallar Park, outside Kenos

"What took you so long, slow-poke?" Leo called. He was stretching with one foot propped on a stone bench.
Teria forced herself to keep running the last few yards. Her legs burned with fatigue. When she stopped she could still hear the pounding of her steps. She slumped onto the bench.
"You should stretch a little. You're muscles will tighten if you don't." Leo stood tall and stretched one of his arms across his chest. He had a few patches of sweat, especially at his collar, but didn't seem tired at all.
Teria straightened with a groan. "I thought I was in better shape than this."
She often worked out on her own in addition to riding her bike, but she had never had someone push her as hard as Leo had today.
When they first started running, he kept in stride with her, but Teria could tell that it took effort for him to do so. Finally, he had lengthened his stride and urged her to keep up. And when she couldn't, he pulled away. Soon, he was out of sight.
"What time is it?" Teria asked. Now that she had stopped she keenly felt the burning in her legs.
Leo consulted the watch on his arm. "Fifteen until seven."
"Seven?"
"Yes."
"Leo! I told you I was meeting my mother at seven, and you said that this run wouldn't take that long." Teria peered around and tried to decide whether it would be easier to follow the path to their bikes or whether she could quickly cut through the trees and underbrush.
"I didn't think it would take this long. You said you were a good runner." Leo grabbed his pack off the bench and fished out a bottle of water and handed it to Teria.
"I am, but I didn't know you meant to make me run to Zyrie and back." She poured some water into her mouth and sputtered when it came out too fast.
"Well, let's go then," said Leo. He took the canteen from her and shrugged his pack on to his back. He jogged off a few steps.
"You're kidding!" Teria ran helter-skelter after him.
He turned and backpedaled a few steps. "You want to get back soon, right?"
"Leo, I can't run. I'm too tired."
"You'll be late then." He slowed, but walked quickly.
"I'm going to be late already." In her mother's eyes, it didn't matter whether Teria was a few minutes late or a few hours late.
"Where do you need to be?" Leo asked.
Teria was supposed to meet her mother at the Darhoran chapel in the middle of the city, but she didn't want to mention the locale to Leo. She had avoided the subject of religion as much as she could. "And I'm going to have to shower and change clothes too," said Teria. "I can't go like this."
"How about if I come with and apologize?"
Teria knew Leo was trying to be nice, but she couldn't contain the expression of horror that crossed her face.
Leo, of course, saw it. "Or maybe not. How much would she disapprove of me?"
"She wouldn't disapprove." Teria tried to make the comment sound casual and definite, and failed miserably.
"She wouldn't disapprove?" Leo repeated.
"Of course not."
"The fact that I wear an locket would make no difference to her?"
In his running clothes, Teria couldn't see his locket and almost forgot that he wore one. She chose her answer carefully. She knew very well that her mother would not approve of Leo. The locket and Leo's choice to wear one made all the difference. "We're not intolerant of apothynomi," she said finally.
"We?" Leo asked. "You and your mother?"
"Yes. No, I mean true followers of Darhora, since that's what you're talking about. Not just my mother and me."
Leo lengthened his stride. Teria was angry enough to match him.
"That isn't what I meant," he said, "and I don't think you're being entirely truthful."
"You're saying I'm lying?"
"No, I'm saying that you're not being truthful. That's different."
"How so, exactly, since you know my mind so well."
"We haven't talked about my being an apothynom. And despite how proud you are to not wear an amulet, you've never once referred to mine."
"That doesn't matter," said Teria. "I don't care if you wear a locket."
"And," Leo interrupted, "you never mention your family."
"I've told you about my family." Teria was suddenly in a melee ring, parrying the blows of someone stronger, faster, and more experienced. This wasn't her first bout. She had argued points of religion many times in her life, but Leo's statements left her flustered and hurt.
"When I saw a framed picture of your family, you told me that your father was dead and your mother was still living here in Kenos." He shook his head. "That's all. I don't know more than that."
"Well, what do you want to know?" Teria stopped. Her arms trembled at her sides in an effort to keep from yelling. "Does it change your opinion of me to know that my father was a votary? That my mother still attends services three times a bi-week?"
"I don't know," said Leo. "Does that tell me anything, Teria? I want to know about you." He shrugged with his hands out in front of him. She had seen the gesture before. It accompanied stories about his sister who had run off to the Bayard Plains with her current boyfriend. And had lived in Zyrie with the boyfriend before that. The shrug was frustration distilled down.
"You make my head hurt," she relented.
"What would your mother think of me?"
"She won't like you, because of the amulet."
"She wouldn't get to know me?"
"All she would see is your amulet." Leo had stopped now too. He was blurry through the tears that had formed. The sunny path was too bright now. "All my mother would think about is how badly we're treated because we don't wear them."
"I don't treat you badly. Besides there's no reason you can't wear one, Teria. You know the department would pay for it, right?"
"Just stop. You're beginning to sound like Gaent."
"Maybe Inspector Gaent has a point."
"Why should I wear one? Just to fit in with all of you? Just to jump through a hoop? No, I believe that we all have our place, without things that change us." She had put her feelings aside and was on firmer ground. She started walking again, speaking without looking at Leo. "I have my lot in life, like everyone else. Like the lowly woman who can't warm bricks to bake her bread. She has a place in this world just as I do."
"Do you think you should be?" Leo asked.
"Should be what?"
"The same as that woman."
"Yes."
"But you're not," said Leo. "You have capabilities beyond that woman. That woman isn't your mother's daughter or my girlfriend."
"That's not what I mean. We each use our abilities to the good of others and the Church. In that way, we're the same." Teria held up her hand. She knew what argument would come next. "Her contribution is different than mine. I might heat the oven for bread while she sweeps. Both jobs are necessary."
"But not equal. And if you're so concerned about doing the best you can for the Church, why wouldn't you want to tap into as much of your potential as you can?" He spoke clearly and precisely.
"Because that's not our way." The answer wasn't as right today as it was on most days. "Why do apothynomi discriminate against us?"
"Because we see that you're not interested in improving yourselves. That you'll remain the way you are. You'll follow your way, but not give all that you should. And you'll insist that we join you."
Teria didn't know what else to say. Leo started walking again and Teria reluctantly followed.
"Can I do something about your being late?" he asked when they had reached their bicycles.
"No. I'll just be late."
"I'm sorry," he said.
"It's not your fault."
"Not about the run."
"Oh."
"Dinner later?" he asked.
Teria nodded. "Unless I get busy."


13:25
The Carriage of Renata Saer

Beneath tiered layers of the linen skirt, Lexia sweated. She was uncomfortable and resented the sleeved shirt and long skirt she had been told to wear, but she had long ago stopped arguing with her mother about such things. And Lexia wanted today to go smoothly. She wanted a nice day in the midst of distressing events. Still, she would have been much more comfortable in a sleeveless top. Even the cutout for Lexia's locket was meager.
The rocking of the coach had sent her mother into a doze. The older woman sat straight with her hands folded on her lap, eyes closed. Her dress reached to her shins and had wide sleeves that added several more insulating yards of fabric. Her locket was large, intricate, and recently purchased. Lexia feared that she would gradually begin to resemble her mother as she aged. Deep lines surrounded her mother's mouth and crossed her forehead. They gave her a continual frown.
Her mother had not been a young bride. She had worked for several years as a physician before meeting her first husband. He died in a shipwreck, and half a decade passed before Lexia's father entered the picture. Lexia was youngest. She supposed her mother had earned her lines, her scowl.
Lexia didn't want the wrinkles, the attitude or her mother's darkening skin, yet in the reflection of the coach window, she saw the uncomfortable specter of her own drooping face. Lexia lifted her eyebrows and tried to smile pleasantly.
"Don't make faces, dear," her mother said with a small yawn. "How much further?"
"We're almost there," said Lexia. She tried to keep the smile on her face, to prove to her mother that she hadn't just been pulling a face. She peered out the window. "Only a few more blocks. Are you sure you don't want to open the window? It's awfully warm in here." Lexia reached for the handle on the window and pulled it inward.
"Nonsense. I don't want to smell that shaggy horse pulling our cab. You'd think they'd take better care of those animals." With a firm hand, she pushed the window to its original position.
"The horse smells fine, Mother, and this heat is giving me a headache." She didn't reach for the window. Despite her complaint, the window would now stay closed.
"You should have picked somewhere closer for lunch and we could have walked. We could be taking advantage of today's lovely cool breeze. Besides, do you really think you have a headache because you're a little warm? I think it has more to do with your boyfriend that has disappeared."
The last word was said with doubtful amusement, and Lexia had to swallow tears of quick anger. "I'm sure that plays its part," said Lexia.
"Speaking of parts, did you know your sister will be on-stage tomorrow night?" She ignored Lexia's reaction as she usually did. "In that art show thing."
"It's not an art show, Mother." Lexia's older sister, Ruthi, was part of a company of actors that used apothos to create the setting and lighting effects in their performances. "It's a visual performance. You've seen others like it, so I'm not sure why you insist on calling it an art show."
"Oh, so you do know about it. Good. Ruthi is expecting you to be there for it."
Lexia reached behind her head and massaged her neck. "No, Ruthi already knows I have plans tomorrow night. It's the night of the banquet for the athletes. I've already told her that I'd see her in the second performance."
"I figured that since Lystus... Well, I told Ruthi you'd be there."
"I know other people that will be at the banquet," said Lexia. "I have friends. And besides, they want Aeron and me to say a few words about Lystus."
Her mother made an odd sound in the back of her throat, and bit her tongue before making the statement Lexia knew was coming. "I don't know why you are getting so riled about him. I'm sure he'll reappear sooner or later."
"And that's why I've been questioned by about a dozen constables about it. Because, he'll turn up eventually."
"I'm sorry, dear child, I didn't mean to upset you." Her mother smiled placidly. "I just know that young men sometimes do hurtful things."
"Of course," said Lexia, "he left town and all his belongings on a whim, not realizing how much he'd worry me or his parents or the campus security. Yes, I suppose men are like that."
"I think you should concentrate on finishing your studies. You don't have much left to the term and I'm sure you still need to study." 
The cab rattled to a halt as Lexia prepared to respond.
"Ah, here we are, finally." Lexia's mother opened the door and climbed out of the cab before the driver could lend her a hand. Lexia sat and watched her, completely dumbfounded by the woman that had given her birth.
"This isn't the restaurant, is it?" her mother asked after paying the driver. She wrinkled her nose dubiously, and the lines in her dark forehead deepened.
"Yes, it is, Mother," said Lexia. 
The establishment was fine as far as Lexia could see. This area of Kenos was the newest, just weord of the old wall. The buildings were low, two stories at the most, and the streets were much wider than in the legacy neighborhood Lexia had grown up in. The restaurant was set between clothes and furniture shops. The only thing that Lexia could see that her mother might object to was the large screened window at the front of the restaurant.
"It's very plain. You have had the food here, haven't you?"
"Yes. I've already said that they are good." Lexia ushered her mother to the door and pulled it open for her.
"We're not going to sit in the window, are we?"
"No, we don't have to," said Lexia. Before the door closed behind her mother, Lexia saw Promander walk by. Lexia was surprised. Her mother was saying something to her, but she didn't hear it. "Sit where you'd like, Mother. I'll be right back."
"What? Lexia, where are you going?"
She ignored her mother and pushed through the door, brushing past a couple on their way in.
Promander wasn't in the street. Lexia hurried past the restaurant where she had left her mother. Out of the corner of her eye she saw her mother watch her pass. A genuine frown was on her lips and forehead.
The next shop sold clothes and only had a place for a display instead of a window that looked into the shop. Lexia yanked open the door and peered past the casual shirts and slacks that hung in neat rows. A salesman smiled at her, but was not occupied with customers. She pushed off of the door, letting it fall shut. She turned and slammed into Promander.
He grabbed her by both arms to keep her from falling to the ground. His grip was strong despite the silver flask he also held in one hand.
"Lexia? Is that you?" He smiled at her, but his eyes betrayed alarm.
"Where's Lystus?" she asked. She pulled away, but he held her tightly for a second extra before letting her go. He slid the flask into his pants pocket.
"Unwise," he said. Lexia wasn't sure why and he continued before she could question him. "I haven't seen him, Lystus. Is he missing?"
A tone rang loudly in Lexia's ears. She was hot and over-wrought. She stumbled away a step. "You know he is!"
"I don't. Since when?"
She opened her mouth and then closed it abruptly again. "When did you see him last?" she asked. She tried to keep the accusation from creeping into her voice.
"The night of the party."
"Did you leave with him?"
"No, of course not. Don't you remember, Lexia?" His voice was so very calm now.
Lexia swallowed. All she could remember toward the end of the party was laughing with her friends as they all walked back to the dormitory. Her head had been swimming by that time, and she had needed them to keep her upright. Lystus was not with them. But then, maybe it wasn't the night of the Interan Games she was remembering. There were many nights like that in the past.
"No," Lexia said feebly. When she had given her statement to the inspectors, she had laughed her forgetfulness away. She was young and entitled to a little too much fun sometimes. But now, it was a poor excuse and she bowed her head in shame because of her intemperance.
His face was serious and tight-lipped when she grimaced at him. An overwhelming uneasiness crept into the pit of her stomach as she listened to him. "Lexia, I don't know what happened, but I think the two of you had a fight of some sort."
"A fight?" she quavered.
"Lystus was very upset when he left. He didn't say why to me, but it was after the two of you had a conversation of some sort. But don't think this is your fault." He rubbed her arm reassuringly.
"No," Lexia sobbed. "I just don't remember. If that's what happened, how could I forget?"
"If harsh words were spoken..." He didn't finish the thought.
"I drove him away, didn't I?"
"I doubt that, Lexia. He thought the world of you."
Lexia shrugged. She delved deeper into her memory. She remembered laughing at something with her friends and the cinnamon taste of spiced liquor. But she also remembered when Lystus shook her off to go talk to Aeron. And then Lystus had given her that look. She hated that look. It was condescension. Disgust. They had argued again about her drinking too much tamed alcohol and using wing dust. How, in his words, she acted like a drunken Bayard sometimes. He had talked about going to Weordan with Aeron too. His plan was insane and she told him so. Then he had left. 
She was sure of it now.
"Lexia, I better go," said Promander. "I'm late for an appointment."
Lexia nodded mutely and tried to control her crying. Her mother was waiting at the restaurant door when she returned.
"Just what was that all about, Lexie?" she asked. Her voice was alarmed, but not kind.
"Nothing, Mother. Just...someone I hadn't seen in a while. I wanted to ask him if he'd seen...seen Lystus." A headache pounded at her temples. "Mother, please, find some place to sit."
"Lexia, what's wrong?" she asked. She gave Lexia a shake.
"I think it was all my fault. I think Lystus left because of me." She started to sob once again.
"Nonsense." The older woman peered down the street, but the man Lexia had spoken with was already gone. "Forget him, Lexie. Let's have a nice lunch."



Fuel moths are the best spies to be forgotten because the ideal hiding place is in plain sight. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Atendere 29, 10:52
Twenty-seven Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
An apartment in Kenos

Lystus' dull grayish-yellow blood spurted into the Ignex tubing and into an emetanic cylinder. A highly filtered portion of the liquid passed into a second, smaller tube. Thick and precious, it was not enough to fill a vial. When the last drop was harvested, Alcander drank from a cheap bottle of anise-flavored liquor.
Lystus was asleep, oblivious to the apparatus connected to his arm. Still, the boy's arm was tightly secured.
The transformation apothos flowed smoothly once Alcander began his ritual. The tension originated behind Alcander's porta flexus and spread outward through his arms to his hands. As the apothos did its work, the remainder of the blood, which Alcander didn't need, slowly returned through the Ignex tubing and returned to Lystus' body.
Lystus murmured in his sleep.
Warmed by the apothic effort, Alcander eyed the vial. Not enough for his purposes. He took another drink and began the entire process a second time and then a third. When he finished, the vial was almost too full to place a cap on.
Alcander removed the needle from Lystus' arm and quickly pressed a square of cotton over the puncture. Blood bloomed through the gauze. An unfortunate side effect of the apothos was a thinning of the blood. Alcander was tired, but he knew the blood wouldn't soon stop on its own.
With a deep drink of the ouzo, Alcander worked through an apothos that quickly knitted the tissues that had been damaged during the procedure. The bleeding under the cotton bandage stopped.
Lystus' eyes flickered open, but he merely turned his head and fell back into his restless sleep. Alcander didn't worry too much about Lystus' health. He would be done with Lystus soon enough. The boy was tied to the table. It was work, keeping him healthy and clean. Alcander knew of several apothos to help, but his knowledge was still inadequate.
"Lystus, wake up," he called.
Lystus moaned and opened his eyes. They were puffy and ringed in shimmering gold. He smiled weakly at Alcander.
"So," he said thickly. "How am I today?"
"You're doing much better," said Alcander.
"Will I be able to get back to school soon? Back to the melee ring?"
Alcander didn't answer. "You need to eat now."
"Yes," said Lystus. "Yes, I'm starving."
Alcander went into the next room and took a platter of sliced pork from the large cold box. It was heavy and bulky. Carrying it was tricky for Alcander. The weak muscles of his lower back threatened to give out several feet from Lystus. He managed to find balance and set the platter on Lystus' chest. Lystus strained against his bonds, eager to get to the platter.
After some trial and error, Alcander had managed to rig Lystus' bonds so he could give the man enough slack to feed himself. Alcander stood and tugged the rope. He felt the knot pull through and Lystus immediately grabbed at the contents of the platter without another word.
He ate ravenously. He lifted his head and stuffed his mouth with grilled pork. He choked occasionally, and it was for that reason that Alcander stood nearby and waited until Lystus was finished. The sloppy noise that Lystus made while he ate made Alcander sick to his stomach. He knew the procedures made the young man hungry enough to eat almost anything set before him. Alcander knew about uncontrollable lust for sustenance.
"Very good, Lystus," said Alcander as the young man cleaned up the last bits of food.
"It was good," said Lystus. "Can I have more?"
"No, later. Are you thirsty?" Alcander asked. Then he gently re-secured Lystus' bonds.
"Are you sure you have to do that?" Lystus asked. He fidgeted as much as he could. "I feel fine."
"I'm afraid you'll hurt yourself," said Alcander. Alcander knew better. Lystus was weak, but how weak was unknown. Lystus was under Alcander's control, but if Lystus were to be secretive, Alcander would have no way of knowing when that control might slip. Alcander had learned that lesson from the mistakes of others in the past.
Alcander said, "Relax." He leaned forward and squeezed Lystus' arm reassuringly as the reinforced apothos surged from deep within Alcander's chest. He was careful to look Lystus in the eye. "I only do it for your own protection until you're well again. You have to trust me to get better. Now, do you need something to drink?"
Lystus nodded. "Yes. Yes, I'm very thirsty. You're so very good to me Alcander."
Alcander returned to the other room and rested. The apothos had left him fatigued. He gathered a glass of ouzo, a pitcher of milk, and a small bottle from the cold box. The former was for himself. He found the chilled alcohol more than refreshing. The later items were for Lystus. Alcander measured out a dropper of sedative from the small bottle and added it to the milk. Lystus would drink it despite the bitter taste.
"Here you are," he said to Lystus. He held the pitcher for the young man as he drank deeply and noisily.
"Thank you," said Lystus. "Thank you, my friend." He tried to smile again and failed miserably. He was confused, Alcander knew. His thoughts and emotions wouldn't quite fit together.
"Now you should rest again," said Alcander. "Aren't you tired?"
"Yes." Lystus closed his eyes, but opened them after just a minute. "Promander? Would you do something for me?"
"I can try," said Alcander.
"Speak to Lexia for me. She'll worry." He closed his eyes again. "Tell her I'll be well again soon."
When Alcander was sure that sleep had truly taken over, he tested the knot under the table once again. He turned out the light emetanisms in Lystus' room and collected the pitcher on his way out.
The small vial of filtered blood was one of many that Alcander had taken over the past few days. He immediately went to work on it. The first step was to break down the thick fluid he had taken from Lystus into simpler components.
The transformation apothos was complex, but it was the least arduous of the remaining processes. He drank deeply of his ouzo. Since some time had passed, he again noticed tension build behind his porta flexus and extended into his hands as he wove through the apothos. When he was finished, he examined the amount of liquid in the vial and noted it in the ledger he had diligently kept since the beginning. Combined with the samples he had most recently taken from Lystus and stored in the cold box, it would be enough to continue on with the next step of the testing process.
Alcander drained his glass and opened a fresh bottle.
The testing apparatus consisted of a smooth plate with a reservoir beneath and a flat lid above. Spread evenly across the plate was a culture derived from Alcander's own fat tissue. The removal of his own fat had been uncomfortable, and any apothos he knew to relieve pain would have left Alcander impaired.
He had spent hours preparing the plate, checking and re-checking his work to make sure he hadn't made mistakes. An apothos that Alcander had prepared would selectively attract specific components of the solution derived from Lystus.
The procedure of spreading the solution over the culture was complex. Alcander had to coordinate both pouring the liquid and performing the two apothos rituals. One was a transduction apothos used to propel the components. The other was a refraction apothos to attract them to their destinations.
All went well, and when Alcander was finished, he used another transduction apothos to spread a thin layer of fuel oil on the top plate before carefully setting it on the apparatus.
At this point, Alcander was bone-weary. He wanted to rest, to sleep, but he was far from finished. He took yet another deep pull of ouzo and let that revive him.
Alcander placed the apparatus into a sterilized box and connected it to a tube that ran through the box's side. Inside the box, he connected a collection flask to the emetanic filter on the opposite side of the apparatus. Finally, he attached a thin line of pliable hosing to the external mouth of the tube. This line would carry his own blood from his body into the testing apparatus.
With a practiced hand, he inserted a catheter into a vein in his arm and connected the line. When he opened a vent near the opening of the apparatus, his blood flowed freely. Inside the apparatus, the dull yellow blood mingled with the dimly glowing material on the plate.
Alcander continued to drink ouzo as he initiated the three passive emetanisms within the apparatus. The first drew blood through at a steady rate and distributed it equally. The second caused the culture to consume the fuel oil from the top plate. The third was a filter that removed impurities from Alcander's blood as it flowed out of the apparatus.
With the most difficult part of the process done, Alcander settled into a comfortable chair while his blood regulated the environment in the apparatus. During the night, he would have to stop periodically to return the fluid from the collection flask back into his system. But now, he could rest.
If things went as expected, the apparatus would allow Alcander to identify a small number of potential combinations to explore more carefully. Then he would start the whole process again until he was sure he had isolated the correct ocules.
Then Alcander could begin the last harvesting of tissues from Lystus.


12:33
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

Teria stretched. She had been transcribing all morning and her shoulders were tight. She hadn't slept well either. She had joined Leo for dinner, but then cut the night short. Leo hadn't mentioned their argument, and Teria didn't want to bring it up herself. She hadn't made a final decision on whether his assertions were valid. In the end, her mother's prejudices left Teria uneasy. She winced as she tried to work the knots out of her shoulders.
"Any word from Lystus' parents?" Gaent asked.
Likewise, he had been at his desk all morning reading and paging restlessly through his personal mound of papers.
"His mother visits every day to check on us, but she hasn't reported anything new."
Lystus' mother was a woman who went out of her way to be nice while maintaining the aura of a dignitary suitable to a diplomat of foreign nation. In contrast, Lystus' father was a brusque man who had no compunctions about saying exactly what he thought. Neither of them could provide information about Lystus' disappearance, and neither knew of a friend by the name of Promander.
Gaent squeezed his eyes shut and then tried to relax the muscles in his face. "I'm hungry. I think I'll get some fish and salad from Angler Eddy's. Should I bring you something or would you rather come with?"
Teria sighed. She had considered getting away from her desk for a while. The office was stuffy. But if she wasted time, the sheer amount of writing would keep her at her desk until well past dark. "Bring me one of whatever you're having," she said at last. "But leave off the awful white sauce."
"No sauce? That's good sauce. Their fish would be flavorless without it."
"I'll take flavorless, thank you very much."
Gaent nodded and was off.
Teria closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair. Not really her chair. Not really her office. Eventually, Gaent would be assigned a partner and this chair and this office would be his.
What if she did wear an amulet? She could be a full investigator instead of a clerk who might be allowed to speak and ask questions during an interview.
The thought was interrupted by a knock on the door.
"Miss?" It was one of the newer secretaries, the quiet mousy one. "A woman here wishes to speak with you and Inspector Gaent."
"Please bring her in," said Teria. She cleared the work that was in front of her and gathered a fresh pad of paper.
The mousy secretary escorted Lexia into the office. The girl's sharp features were drawn and dark. Her eyes were bright and gold-rimmed. She glanced around the office and was obviously disappointed when she didn't find Gaent.
"Inspector Gaent will return in just a minute," said Teria. "Why don't you take a seat and we can talk until then." Teria tried to be pleasant, but people assumed her to be ineffectual.
"Thanks," said Lexia. She sank into one of the two chairs that were neatly set against the wall near the door. Lexia hunched forward and sat on her hands like a child that had been scolded for fidgeting.
"I'm glad you're here, Lexia," said Teria. "We're in need of any further information you can give us."
The other woman nodded mutely. Her manner was different than before. There were no quips, and while Teria sensed a certain amount of hesitation, disdain for the entire process was gone. Teria made a mental note of it but waited to write. People became nervous when she wrote for no apparent reason. She wished Gaent would return quickly.
"Have you contacted Campus Security?" Teria asked.
Lexia made a face. "They told me to come here, that they didn't have the resources to continue following the case."
"I'm surprised at that. To my knowledge, they were still involved." They had still been sending reports to Teria and Gaent. "I'll have a word with them."
That gave Lexia some satisfaction. She stared at Teria long enough that it was Teria's turn to squirm in her seat. "Are you married?" Lexia asked, finally.
The question surprised Teria. "No, I'm not."
"Dating someone?"
"Yes," said Teria. She was uncertain where the conversation was going, and she resisted the urge to transcribe it.
"It's tough, isn't it?" Lexia asked.
Teria nodded. "Yes, it certainly can be."
Gaent came in then, carrying a paper box of food. He walked past Lexia before he noticed her.
"Oh, good afternoon," he said to her. "Would you care for some lunch? We have enough to share."
"No. No, thank you," said Lexia.
Gaent didn't open the box. He set it on his desk and turned one of the visitor chairs around to face Lexia.
"I take it you have something new to tell us about Lystus' disappearance?" he asked.
Lexia flinched, and her bottom lip trembled. As she began to speak, Teria began to write quickly.
"Yes, I... I remember more about the night he..."
"You remember more?" Gaent prompted.
"Yes, I've been thinking on it, and I remembered things about that night."
"Are you sure?"
"Why wouldn't I be?" She waved her hands in front of her and she had begun to cry. "We had a fight. It always happened like that, you know? We'd be just fine, but then I'd be at party and I'd be with my friends and we'd be drinking...and other things." She licked her lips. "Then we'd have an argument."
"You'd argue with Lystus?" Gaent asked, interrupting Lexia's stream of talking.
She blinked a few times, snapping out of the memory. "Yes."
"What would you argue about?"
"My future, his future." She was crying harder.
"And what happened that night that was different?" Gaent asked.
"He left!"
Gaent waited until she calmed. "Why did he leave?"
She continued to cry with her head in her hands. "I don't know. I guess I was annoying him. He's tired of me. He said he had decided to leave for Weordan when classes were done and I couldn't believe that."
"Do you still think Promander might have something to do with all of this?" Teria asked.
Lexia shook her head. "It was all my fault. I'm sure of it!"
"Do you know of where he might have gone that night?" Gaent retrieved a clean handkerchief from the satchel by his desk and handed it to her.
She shook her head as she wiped her face. "No. I don't remember that. I suppose he took off for his...treasure hunting!"
"Does anyone else remember him leaving the party upset?" Gaent asked.
"I haven't told anyone because it's my fault." Lexia was inconsolable. She cried a little longer before she rose from the chair. "I don't know what else to tell you."
Gaent rose too and stood between Lexia and the door. "Thank you," he said to her. "I know coming to us must have been hard for you, but it was important that you did. Every little detail helps."
She nodded.
"If you think of anything else, let me know. And don’t' be afraid to speak with Teria. She's a very capable confidant."
"Yes," said Lexia. "I'll do that." 
Teria smiled at Lexia as she left and tried to appear approachable.
Gaent closed the door behind her. "What do you think?"
"I think our lunch is cold," said Teria.
Gaent unboxed the plates of fish, vegetables, and fried flatbread. He handed the one without sauce to Teria. "Has she been to the Campus Security yet?"
"Yes. She said they pointed her our direction without hearing her out."
"I think its odd that she's suddenly sure that this is all her fault."
"Do you think she's lying?" Teria picked at her fish. It was bland without the sauce. Gaent piled fish on to his flatbread and ate with gusto.
"I think she believes what she's saying. But I wonder if it really happened."
"Lystus could have run off to join the Polities Guard," said Teria. "According to his college testing, he could manipulate a good quantity of apothos. Plus, he was an athlete. He wouldn't have had trouble getting a commission."
Gaent shook his head and wiped a dribble of sauce from his chin. "That may be true, but why wouldn't he wait until the term was over? He only had a few more bi-weeks of school left. That way he and his friend Aeron could join together. And why would he leave without taking anything aside from what he had on him the night of the party?"
"In his deposition, Aeron said that Lystus hadn't seriously discussed going into the Guard. If he mentioned it to Lexia, it was a very recent decision."
"Aside from Lexia's deposition, we don't have evidence that Lystus immediately left town after that party. So, let's break this down.
"Lystus has gone missing. Was he forcibly taken?"
"Perhaps," said Teria. "As noted, the majority of his belongings were left at his apartment."
"But that's not the only possible explanation. He could have been misled and is now indisposed."
"He might have gone willingly and is now indisposed," Teria countered.
"Wouldn't you say these are more plausible than Lystus leaving town so abruptly?"
"So why the tale from Lexia?" Teria put her fish aside.
Gaent shook his head. "You tell me. Women do strange things."
"Watch it, Paulos," said Teria. "You know how dangerous an angered clerk can be."
Gaent allowed a smile to slip through before returning to utter seriousness. "The question is: did Lexia actually forget what happened?"
Teria considered the question. It wasn't odd for people to inaccurately attribute cause and effect to unrelated behaviors, and then assigned blame according to those conclusions. Teria wasn't sure if she believed it entirely. She did notice that women were more likely to take blame upon themselves. As strong as Lexia had been on their first visit, she had decided that Lystus' disappearance was her fault.
"Was she avoiding the truth because she was ashamed of what happened?" Gaent mused. "And if she remembered all along, why did she change her mind and come to us now?"
"Guilt," said Teria. "If she thinks she's the cause of him leaving, and he hasn't been found... She's beginning to worry."
"It doesn't quite make sense. Someone's being manipulated."
"Aside from us?" said Teria.
Gaent didn't smile at the joke. Still eating, he was lost in his own thoughts.
"And not a word about Promander now," Gaent muttered around a bite of fish. "Let's keep her statement in mind, Teria, but continue on like we had been. Promander might be the key to all of this."
"So, what's next?" Teria asked.
Gaent's worried countenance brightened. "Ionun." 



When searching for a solution to a problem, I'm best served by reading history. - Journal of Alcander


Atendere 30, 14:32
Twenty-eight Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Library of Denaphaos College

"I'm sorry, sir. You need to petition to gain access to the library." The librarian's voice echoed in the high ceilinged lobby. She gave Gaent's identification card a half second of contemplation before handing it back. She didn't glance at his face.
"Teria?" He tried to contain his smirk. "You do have our petition with us, don't you?"
"Of course." Teria produced the official document and placed it in front of the librarian.
"I'm sorry. You've been misled. We need thirty days notice to allow visitors into the library with this sort of permission. You should have been notified." She met Gaent's eye with her own satisfied smile.
"I believe there's an addendum on the back that allows us access today," said Teria.
"This is highly irregular," she said after some time examining the addendum. "I will need to confer with a colleague." She stood and went to a door behind her desk. The door shut behind her with a resounding snap.
"You'd think we were here to steal their books," Teria muttered.
"You're the type who would," said Gaent.
"Don't joke." Teria shifted the strap of her writing board so that it hung further away from her hands. Minutes ticked away in the sterile silence of the library's anteroom.
"Do you think she's conferring with someone, or is she just waiting for us to leave?" Teria asked.
"She'll be back. If she wanted us gone, she would have called someone to remove us."
"That's encouraging."
The librarian returned finally, still carrying the petition in hand. "You might have noticed that this permit has a proviso. 'If the visit is deemed necessary and of haste to the dignitary concerning the visit.' The reason for your visit is to see Ionun Morintopealos, and not to spend time in our stacks. I have sent for Morintopealos, and he will decide whether your visit is warranted."
She sat and busied herself with ignoring Gaent and Teria. She kept the petition at her desk.
Gaent and Teria continued to stand near the door. Teria checked her watch three times before the door behind the librarian's desk opened. An older man burst through in an obvious huff.
"Why did you bother me?" The question was directed at the librarian.
A lesser woman might have been rattled by the man.
He was short and thin aside from ebony muscles that bulged incongruously from his upper arms and calves. His shirt was long enough to half cover his locket and his tan pants that ended well before his ankles. He had a scattering of thin gray hair on the top of his dark head and an untrimmed beard on his chin. A set of spectacles perched on the end of his long, beaky nose.
"These two people are here to see you, Professor Morintopealos." The librarian gestured stiffly to Gaent and Teria.
"So? Why didn't you just send them up?"
"They're from Kenos." The librarian spat the word out with a good mouthful of venom.
"So, why didn't you just send them up?" Ionun grunted with frustration and turned to Gaent and Teria. "Come along then, if you wish to see me."
Ionun turned on heel and disappeared through the door.
"But you haven't questioned why they're here," the librarian shouted after him. Abruptly, she changed her demeanor to the unflappable presence Gaent and Teria knew. "You may go ahead," she said.
Gaent and Teria hurried around the desk. Teria grabbed the petition as she passed.
Through the door was a broad hallway of sweeping arches. Doors and corridors branched off the main hall. Ionun stood by one of the portals.
"Please, hurry," he said. Instead of the harsh tones he had used with the librarian, his voice was pleasant. He ducked through the door and began to climb a steep spiral staircase.
"I apologize if we're taking up your time," said Gaent.
"No need to be sorry. I always welcome visitors." He didn't turn or slow, he simply kept climbing. "Even ones from Kenos." He laughed at that. "You realize that half of my letting you in here is to annoy Lileos. That's the librarian who tried to bar your entry."
"Ah." Gaent couldn't manage more of an answer. He was fit, but the stairs continued upward. Professor Morintopealos, on the other hand, continued with a quick pace and quicker chatter.
"I just don't like to leave my office for very long. My assistant uses every moment I'm gone to tidy. I never find anything when he's done. Very annoying. Here we are."
The stairs continued to twist away, upward into the gloom above, but Gaent followed the old professor through a low door off a narrow landing. In the cavernous room beyond, they wound through a maze of dusty bookshelves until they reached Ionun's oasis.
Ionun Morintopealos' office consisted of a desk and various other chairs gathered amid shelves and stacks of books. He quickly cleared piles of books off of a broken-down couch that he offered to Gaent and Teria. He dug out a thick chair for himself and positioned it across from the inspector and his clerk. Teria hesitated, but then unslung her writing board and laid it across her lap.
"Oh, that's a very nice one," said Ionun. "May I?" He held out his hands for the board.
"Certainly," said Teria. She handed it to the older man, keeping the pen she had already retrieved.
"Very nice quality. Beautiful inlays. And old." He flipped open the lid and gave a satisfied nod. "Your mother's perhaps?"
"It was given to me by my uncle. He bought it for me when I completed school." Teria smiled as Ionun handed it back to her. Gaent hadn't noticed the inlay on Teria's writing board and now saw a pattern of vines, trees and fruits along its edge.
"So, what is it that brings the two of you all the way from Kenos?" Ionun asked.
"I'm Inspector Gaent and..."
"You're Teria, his clerk," said Ionun. "Yes, yes. I read that much from the permit. It was the top thing in your desk, Teria," he said by way of explanation. "I am wondering what an inspector from Kenos is doing here. It is a fine desk."
"I'd like to ask you a few questions pertaining to a case we're working on," said Gaent.
"Oh? Before you continue, you do know that I'm not some sort of diviner, correct? I'm sure you're very good at what you do and wouldn't require the aid of a charlatan, but people do go on about eccentric old men like myself." Ionun's sparse eyebrows wiggled as he spoke. "Complete nonsense. You and I both know there's no sort of apothos that can see the future or the past. I can't believe that otherwise rational people buy into such...nonsense. No other word fits. But then, there are many misconceptions about what existed during the Empire and that I might be old enough to remember those days."
"I am here for your expertise only," said Gaent.
"Good, good." Ionun pushed his spectacles higher on his nose to gain a better view. The lenses made his eyes bigger, too big for his meager eyebrows. His eyes were an uncommon hazel color with lids rimmed in bright gold. Peeking from his ill-fit shirt was an equally simple locket with no bric-a-brac, packed with an impressive array of fuel wafers. In the dimness of the library, his porta flexus and the palms of his hands glowed brightly. "Now, you were saying. You're seeking consultation of some sort?"
"Yes," said Gaent. With this man he wasn't quite sure where to begin. As an inspector, he had culled methods of always being in charge. When talking to witnesses, suspects, and sources, he always strove to do it on his terms. He chose the location, if possible. He carried authority with him, not just the aura of it, but authority backed by his credentials. Here, that authority was lost. Ionun sat perched atop an over-stuffed chair with his hawk-like nose and owl-like eyes while Gaent and Teria sat too close together on a sofa that sagged in the middle. Professor Ionun easily had the upper hand, and Gaent wasn't sure that he could find the doorway out from where he sat.
"We found a corpse some time ago with very specific wounds on it. These were punctures that passed through flesh and into bone. In one of the wounds, I found a piece of diamond that we suspect was broken off from a needle-like instrument. Areas inside the bone were devoid of marrow."
Ionun nodded his head quickly and silently. "Martilleous!" he suddenly exclaimed.
Gaent heard Teria's pen scratch her paper, the nib tearing through the sheet.
"Inspector Gaent, Clerk Teria, please excuse me. My assistant Martilleous might be interested in this topic." Ionun bounded off his chair and disappeared amid the shelves and stacks of books.
"Are you sure this is going to be useful?" Teria whispered beside him. She stared in shock at the deep tear caused by her pen.
"I don't know," said Gaent. "But I'm running low on new ideas on the Lystus case as well as the Beros case."
Muffled voices and noises emanated from somewhere beyond a far wall of shelves, and Gaent wondered if Ionun had found Martilleous.
"If you get on the subject of moths, are you going to pay me to take notes for you?" Teria asked. "It wouldn't be official business, after all, and my services don't come for free."
"And here I thought you were a dedicated follower of the prophet Darhora. Aren't you supposed to use your abilities for the good of all?"
"Well, a girl has to eat too. I can't be useful if I don't have money for food."
Gaent eyed the spines of some of the books nearby, but couldn't find one with a title he could read. The volumes were either too old and faded, or in languages that Gaent was not familiar with. He reached out to pick one up, ignoring Teria's glare. She scooted away from him as best she could on the sagging couch. His comment about book stealing had worried her. He pulled his hand back when he heard someone approaching, rattling with every step.
Ionun appeared, not Martilleous, weighed down by a tray with two flasks, three cups, and a selection of books.
"My apologies. Martilleous is busy fixing our afternoon snack. It's that time of day and I couldn't tear him away from it. His diligence did remind me of my manners. I've brought refreshments." He placed the tray on the desk, atop the tomes that covered its surface. "I have wine. Very refreshing, but I also have something stronger with a touch of tamer, which is what I prefer late in the day like this. What would you care for?"
"Wine," said Gaent. The Professor poured a cup and handed it to Gaent. "Thank you."
"And you?" he asked Teria.
"I think I'll have the second, please."
"Marvelous," said Ionun and handed her a cup before pouring his own. "And since I was up, I gathered a few books that might be relevant to our discussion."
"I wasn't sure we had defined our discussion," said Gaent.
"Someone has extracted the marrow out of the bones of someone else," said Ionun, crisply. "Tell me about the victim."
"A young man, early twenties, in good shape. He was a graver." Gaent tasted the wine, and wondered if the old man had poured from the wrong decanter.
"Any apothos talent?" asked Ionun.
"None that we're aware of. He didn't wear a locket."
"Not a student?"
"No, a graver," Gaent repeated.
"Interesting."
"I've talked to several researchers about the diamond and Ignex found at the scene and the processes that might have been involved. They express doubts as to why someone might have taken this young man's marrow."
"I should think that with the current research, especially in Kenos, the 'why' is somewhat obvious," said Ionun. He took a deep drink from his cup and refilled it. "The young man... He does have a name, doesn't he?"
Gaent hesitated. "Beros."
"Beros' marrow was harvested in an effort to distill it and isolate factors which promote certain characters. It would then be used to give another subject those characters. That is 'why.' " Ionun nodded his head decisively.
"The others that we've talked to don't quite believe that it's possible or as easy as you think," said Gaent.
"I didn't say it would be easy. It would have to be someone very knowledgeable about the procedures and have the apothos ability to carry it off, as well as the equipment. But that isn't what troubles me," said Ionun.
"What does bother you?" Teria asked.
"Beros is an unlikely candidate." He sipped his drink and let the statement fade. He snatched one of the books he had brought with him. "All the works I have read about this concern the embellishing of apothos ability in the target subject."
Gaent raised his eyebrows in question.
"The individual that is doing this would likely be doing it in order to transfer apothos talent from the donor to another subject. This would most likely be in the form of increased capacity. However, it could include intellectual gifts that allow one to understand more complex apothos, despite the additional complications involved. Are you following me?"
"I think so," said Gaent.
Ionun grimaced, and Gaent felt utterly unable once again. "Since Beros wasn't an apothynom, he didn't have intellectual gifts to take. And since he hadn't reached a high enough level of education to be tested, we have no way of knowing if he had very good capacity. Why would your untraditional experimenter use this boy if he didn't have the characters one was looking for?"
"Could he be looking for another character?" said Teria. "Or maybe he knew something we don't?"
Ionun shook his head. "Did you interview his mother?" he asked.
"Yes," said Teria. "That's part of procedure."
"Did she brag about her son's abilities?" Ionun put his glass aside and curled one leg under him.
Teria smiled and shook her head. "No, and what mother wouldn't, stellar or not?"
"Precisely," said Ionun. "You're partner is bright, Inspector Gaent. You're lucky."
Gaent tentatively sipped his own fermented drink. "You mentioned written theories? I wasn't aware there were any."
"Of course there are. Sources not only from today's research, but ancient texts as well. I could give you a list of books that discuss these matters. It would do you no good, though, considering the only copies I know of are here in Denaphaos' library." He tapped the volume he was holding. "Before the modern era such knowledge was forbidden to be acted upon. The famous case of Melinus Kuart is one example. Well, famous to me. He was executed after it was found out that he had killed his uncle and cousin, both very prominent apothynomi, in an effort to increase his own brother's abilities."
Teria made a face. "Certainly not all these experiments ended so horribly. According to the old literatures, does the procedure always end in death?"
Ionun nodded. "Yes. From my understanding of the procedure a great deal of material is needed at once, from one donor."
"The experiments being done on swine don't kill the donors," said Gaent.
Ionun considered. "Perhaps it's not necessary for donor's death to be part of the result. I take for granted the circumstances surrounding the cases I know. There hasn't been a time when this was allowed, that I know of. In all cases the donors were put into that position against their will. I imagine it would be easier to deal with a dead body if one were trying to do this secretly. In one case, a scientist fed the flesh of a donor to the man he was enhancing. To speed the process and I suppose to get rid of the body. The recipients are always very hungry after the new material has been introduced. A certain set of apothos is of course required, both with the extraction from the donor and the introduction of new characters in the target. That's to say nothing of the testing that needs to be done first. Some evidence suggests that these types of procedures carry a significant risk of tumors, which while treatable will continue to plague the subject for life."
"Professor, may I interrupt?" Gaent said when Ionun rose to refill his cup. Words tumbled one after another from the man. He was quick with his explanations and Gaent hoped Teria was writing everything down.
"Of course, Inspector. This is a discussion, not a lecture. Anything else to drink for either of you? Something to eat?"
"No, we're fine," said Gaent.
Ionun held his carafe at the ready until Teria shook her head. In the quiet moment, her hand was still moving over the sheet of paper. Only two inches of clear space were left at the bottom of the page. 
"Have you been visited recently, maybe talked about these procedures?" Gaent asked.
"No one has visited me recently, and I don't believe I've discussed this subject in much detail ever. And the only time we talk about it in Denaphaos is to categorically dismiss the experiments in Kenos."
"Who has access to these books?" Gaent asked. He sat forward on the couch and caused Teria to slide backward.
"Other than myself, anyone who petitions to read them."
"Is that all that's needed? A petition?" Teria asked.
"For a student or alumni of the College of Denaphaos, yes."
"There's no screening procedure?"
"Required screenings for apothynomi from other cities or colleges?" said Ionun. "I know what you're thinking. You'd love to know who's been reading these books. It would be very difficult to gain access to those records. A murder in Kenos on the line won't make much difference, I'm afraid."
Gaent couldn't contain a frustrated grunt.
"You must understand, privacy is very important to us. Such measures need to be taken to avoid abuse."
"Can you tell me who's had access to those books?" Gaent asked.
"I can. No one's seen them in a long while, aside from me."
"What about Martilleous?" Teria asked.
"It's not likely that your murderer is Martilleous," said Ionun with a smile.
"I'd like to question him," said Gaent. "I can get a warrant if necessary."
"That's fine. He should appear soon with something to eat, and you can question him all you want." Ionun continued to grin. "Anyway, you must not misunderstand me, Inspector Gaent and Clerk Teria. I'm not trying to impede your investigation. I have nothing against those apothynomi in Kenos that are performing their tests and experiments. In fact, I'm a great follower on the moth work that's being done. Did you know about the stories of thinking, talking moths in the Empire that were used as spies? They didn't make very good spies, unfortunately. They had short memories and no head for sorting important details from rubbish."
"Talking moths, you say," Teria muttered.
"Oh yes," said Ionun. "Where do you think the term 'moth-headed' came from? And it's said that they had apothos ability. Oh, they probably didn't use apothos as we do, but how does one learn language without what we think of as a brain? It's most likely that they used the fuel in the wax they produced to somehow form coherent thought."
"Intriguing," said Teria. 
Gaent shifted in his seat and shook his head. Ionun was still speaking, carrying on in a direction that Gaent would have usually found interesting. But Gaent feared this conversation would amount to very little. Only Martilleous was still an investigative lead.
"Then of course, the younger folk call their current drug of choice 'wing dust.' Obviously, their grandmothers told them the old stories about moths as well. Ah, here's Martilleous with refreshments. He usually prepares plenty. More than he and I can eat."
Martilleous stepped into the pool of weak light that emanated from the lamp on Ionun's desk. He was tall with the filled-out, broad shoulders of a man in his mid-twenties. He wore a long, heavy purple and red robe, open over loose pants. A saucer-sized locket swung from an ornate chain around his neck. It held roughly quadruple the number of graphite wafers that Gaent's did, though they were individually about half the size of Gaent's. He was carrying a tray similar to the one Ionun had brought, this one overflowing with a bowl of cubed fruit and a plate of cheese. He walked with single-minded determination to the desk and put his tray down with a thud. Gaent and Teria both jumped at the noise, but Ionun and Martilleous didn't. Martilleous busied himself with arranging the bowl and plate just so.
"Martilleous," said Ionun. The older man waited until the younger paused, only his eyes shifted for a second from the work he was doing to Ionun.
Ionun rose from his chair and came around the desk and put a hand on Gaent's arm. "Martilleous, this is Inspector Gaent. He's a friend." Ionun spoke clearly and softly. 
Martilleous winced. 
"Too loud, professor. Too loud!" He tapped his head near his ear with one finger.
"I am not being too loud."
"Are too." He plunked his skull once more.
"Did you hear me, Martilleous? Inspector Gaent is a friend. And this is Clerk Teria. She's a friend, too."
Martilleous didn't exactly look at Gaent or Teria, but Gaent felt like Martilleous was now including them in what he wasn't looking at. He silently took in their presence without making eye contact. Then he went to the tray and the other items on the desktop. He began to carefully straighten all the books and papers before him. He aligned them all by their left upper corners in a quick, efficient manner that was clearly practiced. 
"That's not necessary, Martilleous." Ionun stayed Martilleous' hands.
"It is," said Martilleous. "We need to be more organized." He continued, lining the trays flush with the upper and left-hand sides of the desk.
"Well, I suppose you're right," said Ionun.
Eventually, Martilleous found a tome that did not belong on the desk and took it away with him. Ionun simply smiled and let him go. "Martilleous gets along well with books, but not so well with people."
"He's read the sources you were telling us about?" Gaent asked.
"Perhaps. Perhaps not. I haven't noticed a pattern to his reading habits. He'll pick a book occasionally, read it straight through in one sitting and then return it to where he found it. Doesn't matter what size the book is either. He sat down with the collected works of Harit Hantario once and didn't move for a day and a half. I don't think he would have eaten if I had not put some food near him." Ionun shook his head.
"Is that all he does?" Gaent asked.
"Oh no," said Ionun. "It might take a few days of planning, but with enough notice, he can perform a very wide variety of apothos."
"I've been dubious of the claims that the oinos make about their facere," said Gaent. "I didn't realize that many lived outside of their colonies."
"Ah, I'm surprised you know the term 'facere,' Inspector Gaent. I suspect that you don't know much other than the word." Ionun bounced on his toes. "Facere are not exclusive to the oinos, though effective utilization of their talents might be. They have a different way of thinking, and for them deciphering the people around them is difficult. They have trouble paying attention to more than one thing at a time, which creates problems when communication is necessary. With patience, one can learn to be a facilitator, to help a facere learn apothos and to help them interface with the world." Teria stiffened. Gaent noticed, but Ionun didn't. "Would either of you like some of this?" He gingerly picked at the bowl of fruit.
Gaent dismissed the offer with a hand and a smile. "Martilleous happens to be the second facere I've encountered lately," he said.
"Ah, yes. I believe I've heard of programs for facere living in Kenos that have resulted in many being more well-adjusted than Martilleous." Ionun popped several golden raisins into his mouth. "I wouldn't be surprised to hear that the college is employing the cream of the crop. Kenos College knows how to tap a resource."
"Yes, I suppose so," said Gaent. He unfolded himself from the couch. Several parts of his back creaked. "I think it's time we should be going."
Teria held one finger as she continued to write.
"I'm sorry I can't be more help to you, Inspector. Please, come visit me when you wish. I might be able to pull a few strings and let you read some of my books." Ionun offered Gaent a hand to shake.
"Thank you, Professor. Maybe I'll take you up on that offer."
Teria made a noise of disbelief.
"The same invitation goes to you, young lady. I think that you would be well-served with a locket around your neck." Ionun warmly shook her hand as well. Gaent was surprised that Teria smiled at the comment. "Can you find your way out?" Ionun asked.
Gaent laughed. "I doubt it."
The older man showed them to the stairway.
"That didn't go as I expected," said Gaent when they had finally reached the cool outdoors. He hadn't realized just how stuffy it had been in the library until they were on the street.
"Did it reap too much information or too little?" Teria asked.
"Both," said Gaent. He hesitated. "Did you get good notes?"
"That man talks awfully fast."
Gaent agreed. "I think we're looking for someone who could do these things, Teria."
She nodded in agreement. "Or someone who has read some of those books."
"I have to wonder if the meaty part of Beros' right calf was missing because the 'recipient' was too hungry," Gaent said dryly.
"I had already marked it in my notes."
"I think that the next thing we need to do is to closely investigate Professor Torret."
She was surprised, and Gaent couldn't blame her. Maybe he had discounted Professor Torret too quickly. "You've changed your opinion of him?"
"No, but we don't have much else to go with right now."
"True."
The trip back to Kenos was long.



The narrow focus by Enterprise on unearthing the secrets of Weordan dooms us to repeat the Empire's mistakes. - Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire



Atendere 37, 15:04
Thirty-five Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Perton's Cellar, a cafe

Laros Nero placed several books and a glass of iced mint liquor on the polished wood table. He settled in against the wall and took stock of the busiest study room on the Kenos College campus. It wasn't in a lecture hall or laboratory building, or even in one of the student housing complexes. Instead, it was in a popular café, Perton's Cellar. The basement was filled with mismatched tables, chairs, and benches. The exact layout changed every time Nero had visited.
The clientele changed less. Several groups of regulars sat in approximately the same places at the same time of day. He also recognized a number of solitary faces. They were more studious, with their heads in books. Everyone ate as they studied. Food and drinks were carried from the café and eaten at a leisurely pace. The older patrons scattered about made Nero's presence less notable.
Nero sipped his liquor and studied the faces he didn't recognize. None of them were close to looking like Beros, and none of them had a rash on their faces.
Nero sighed and opened the book on the top of his stack. He read a dense half-page of Agricultural Techniques of the Southern Bayards before eyestrain set in. Well over a bi-week had passed and Nero had nothing to show for it. His employer had checked in with him twice since the funeral and sent two neat packages of money for Nero's effort. But boredom was setting in, and in Nero's experience that wasn't a good thing.
He had spent most of his time observing and analyzing the students around him, but he was beginning to wonder if his employer's information was valid. The physical description was vague. The identifying rash could have healed. There were no other leads. Nero's employer couldn't even give him a better idea of what part of campus might be better to stake out.
Nero was careful with whom he talked. Students were gossipy, but that could work both for and against Nero. He had been referred to one young man with a long scar down the side of his face, puckered and so pale that it glowed in contrast to the man's ebony skin. Nero had found him and they had talked, but the kid was otherwise nothing like Beros. His client had later confirmed that he wasn't the right man.
Another name had been mentioned in conversation as well, a man called Promander. Promander had been hanging around with some of the athletes, but was possibly injured or disabled. One kid that Nero had talked to implied that Promander was friends with Lystus, the melee expert that had gone missing. Promander didn't have a rash, just some sort of mark on his neck and chin. No one knew much about him or had seen him recently. Otherwise, Nero had to admit, he did sound like a good match.
Now, it was just the matter of finding him. No one by that name was registered at the College or lived in the nearby housing complexes. The young man who had told Nero about Promander suspected that Promander had been visiting from Zyrie.
Nero set his book aside and sipped his drink. A new group had come in and taken the large round table on the other side of the room. He recognized all of them aside from a sad woman with sharp features. No one else new. No one with a rash or a birthmark. When he returned to his books, he found the history of Bayardian agriculture no more interesting than before. He'd spend another hour here and then move on to the other places he checked on. He didn't expect it to be different than last night or the night before.


21:03
The Neighborhood of Anetol Torret

"You're late," said Gaent.
Teria leaned her bicycle against the wall next to his. "Sorry, I had trouble getting away."
"Had a date?" he asked.
"One I had forgotten about."
"Thanks for coming along."
"Who else were you going to get?"
She looked strange in black pants instead of one of her usual long skirts, and somewhat naked without her writing board. 
"Are you ready?" Gaent asked. He slung a small bag across his shoulders. It contained the supplies Gaent needed for breaking into a building.
"As ready as I can be," said Teria.
A five-foot wall of tan bricks surrounded the lush, shady neighborhood that Anetol Torret lived in. Gaent and Teria skirted the edge of the neighborhood and entered through a side gate. Long, low houses sat away from the avenues with aloof grandeur. Some had fences or hedges to deter visitors, but most simply had a long, narrow path that led from the sidewalk to the door. The sidewalks were lined with lamps that provided dim cones of soft light amid the overhanging brush.
"This place is nicer than I thought it would be," Teria commented.
"It is one of the first areas to have piped-in fuel for the lights and the residences. A pricey endeavor."
"I have a feeling they can all afford it," said Teria.
Gaent hoped that he and Teria wouldn't be seen. That required a great deal from chance. The best he could expect was that no one gave them a passing thought. A couple strolling in the cool evening wasn't unusual. He'd put on gloves to cover the softly glowing palms when he was closer to his destination. His dark shirt already covered his porta flexus.
Teria had done good work in the previous few days. She had sorted through the city's records and gathered everything that was officially known about Professor Torret. Torret was currently unmarried. His longevity had outpaced two previous wives, both of whome had not been particularly talented apothynomi. Torret received a meager salary from Kenos College and paid what taxes were asked of him. Most of his income was made through his holdings in various ventures. As for personal property, Torret had commissioned the building of this house several decades ago, before many of the other houses existed. The lot was large and permits on file implied space and facilities for animals, notably horses. Floor plans had been filed, all the rooms labeled with their original intended uses.
Gaent was interested in seeing if those uses had remained consistent. With some cajoling, he had convinced Petorous to order a watch on Professor Torret's actions. In turn, Petorous made it clear that this was the last investment of resources that the precinct could make without progress to show for it. Gaent's plan tonight was beyond what was normally covered in the scope of surveillance.
A window of opportunity had opened tonight to investigate the property while Torret was at a College function. He employed a housekeeper and groom, but neither lived on the property. Both had been seen leaving by the patrolman in charge of surveillance. Torret and his personal employees were creatures of habit and after a few days, their schedules were predictable.
Gaent spotted Constable Albrinneo immediately as he rounded the corner of one of the hedged properties. The Constable was strolling as well, trying to appear nonchalant.
"Stay here a minute," Gaent whispered to Teria.
Gaent hustled to catch Albrinneo. The young constable heard the footsteps and glanced over his shoulder. He noticed Gaent immediately and nodded congenially to him.
"Good evening, neighbor. Fine night, isn't it?"
"Very fine. The weather is so nice in fact that I think I will take a very long stroll."
"Indeed?"
"Yes, I'm new to the neighborhood," said Gaent. Albrino caught Gaent's meaning.
"Would you like me to show you around?" Albrinneo asked.
"No, thank you for offering, but I think I'd like to check things out for myself."
"Just as well," said Albrinneo. "I'm just about to turn in for the night."
"Well, have a good rest," said Gaent.
Albrinneo nodded and headed off toward the edge of the neighborhood. Gaent smiled and crossed to the opposite side of the street. He circled around to where he left Teria. She was busy examining a night-flowering hedge.
"We're taken care of," said Gaent. "Let's go."
Torret had a corner lot, larger than most, with a separate stable. Two other lots had stables and fenced paddocks, and both flanked Torret's. The edges of the properties were dotted with an occasional tree, not enough to provide cover for approaching the buildings. This would be a challenge.

* * * * *

The tension didn't drain from Teria until she and Gaent had gathered their bikes and were a block and a half from Torret's neighborhood.
Gaent walked beside her, his expression stormy.
They had found nothing. Gaent had used an array of picks and apothos to gain entrance to Torret's outbuildings and main residence. Teria had waited outside in order to keep watch. Every second that had passed while Gaent rattled around in Torret's basement had made Teria more nervous. How would she feel about someone going through her apartment without her knowing about it? You're not suspected of murder and immoral experiments, she reminded herself.
She was relieved when Gaent was finished, and she was more relieved to have left the neighborhood without incident.
"Nothing at all?" she asked.
Gaent shook his head. At least he was done glaring at her.
"Papers on his dining room table that were probably work related. Other than that, nothing."
"What does he do with all that basement space?" she asked.
"Shelves of books and painting supplies."
"Painting?"
Gaent nodded. "Apparently, Professor Torret likes to paint portraits of horses as well as ride them. The last room was storage." Gaent grunted in a sudden flash of anger. "What a waste of time this has been. I should have known better."
Teria wondered if he meant suspecting Torret at all, not just tonight's events.
"Want me to see you home?" Gaent asked.
Teria glanced down the street. Only a few people were out this late. Still, she was well acquainted with what happened in Kenos this late at night.
"No, I'll be fine. It's a quick ride."
He nodded and mounted his own bike.
"Think this will get back to Petorous?" Teria asked before he peddled off.
He turned a figure-eight as he considered the question. "He'll probably figure it out when we cancel the watch on Torret tomorrow. He won't mention it."
Teria nodded. "Goodnight then."
"See you in the morning." 



Mysterious creatures like the impyr and the pneuma are undoubtedly founded in poor understanding of physical laws or technology of the empire. - Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Atendere 38, 7:32
Thirty-six Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

"What do you think, Teria, will this get us into the library of Denaphaos?" Gaent passed the thick card across his desk to Teria.
"What is it?" Teria asked.
"It was left at the front desk."
Teria read the card twice.
"Inspector Gaent and Clerk Teria, I would like very much to continue our discussion. I have several anecdotes to impart that may be of use to you. Martilleous will keep breakfast warm for you. Come today. Ionun."
The writing was messy, but clear, and two edges of the heavy piece of paper were jagged, ripped from a larger section. Teria wondered if it had been torn from the flyleaf of some book. On the side opposite of the message were Gaent and Teria's names, first and last, as well as "Bayside Precinct, Kenos."
"I don't think we have moth's chance in a crow's nest of getting into the Library with this," said Teria. She tried not to smirk, and failed miserably.
"He wants to speak with us today. It took all the strings I could pull to get the last permit. Think we can claim official business a second time?"
"Doubtful. I think Professor Morintopealos is going to have to come save us from the librarian again," said Teria.
"Let's not keep the man waiting," said Gaent.
Teria gathered her writing board. "By the way, I pulled some information on Ionun Morintopealos."
"Pulled some information?" Gaent was incredulous. "From where?"
Teria shrugged. "He's penned his share of books and articles, and every few years someone decides to do a profile on him."
"And what have you found?"
Outside Headquarters, Gaent hailed a cab.
"Life-long academic. I couldn't find much on his early years. His test results were phenomenal, but I couldn't find his admission to Denaphaos College. Despite that, he earned degrees from Denaphaos University in History and Economic Theory."
"In addition to his studies at the College? It's strange for someone to test so high, and then only come away with some diplomas from the University."
Teria shrugged. "I didn't find his graduation from the College. He spent time traveling, and was part of the original delegation that convinced Zyrie to join the Interan League. Married and widowed three times."
"Are you sure there aren't two Ionun Morintopealos'? One with an apothynom background and one that went into politics?" Gaent asked as they settled into their cab.
"I'm fairly sure they are one and the same. If you remember your civics, the Interan League was formed over seventy years ago. After that, Ionun 'retired' and returned to Denaphaos, this time studying at the esteemed College. He's added Organic Transformations and Natural Organics to his list of degrees. And he's published books and papers on a dozen other unrelated topics."
"Not all of them have been well received, if I remember correctly."
"I'm sure he'd simply say that he's ahead of his time," said Teria.
"No doubt. Why don't you tell me about a few of those topics? It'll take your mind off the Bridge crossing."
The Bridge hadn't entered Teria's mind, but Gaent's comment brought it to the forefront. From the smile on his face, that was what he'd intended.

* * * * *

The librarian at the desk narrowed her eyes as they walked in. Gaent proffered the heavy-papered card, but she waved it away.
"Go ahead," she said. The words pained her considerably.
Teria had jotted notes on where to find Ionun's office after their last visit and it took a careful reread to reach the proper spiral staircase and landing. The door was open and Gaent rapped on it a few times. In response, there was a muted thud and the sound of footsteps moving away.
"What?" Teria heard Ionun say. "Yes? Inspector and Clerk? Is that you?" he called out louder.
"Yes, sir," said Gaent. "It is."
"Ah! Just a moment." Gaent heard a second thud and a muttered "Dammit Martilleous" before Ionun appeared at the door. "Good," he said to Teria, "You brought your lovely writing desk, but you won't be needing it. Come."
He led them once again through the forest of books and papers and eventually arrived at a different clearing. Here, several lights hung low over a long table made of dark wood. All of the books on the table had been meticulously aligned by Martilleous and a clear expanse had been left at one end. Ionun let out a frustrated sigh. "Please, seat yourselves. I'll return with refreshments." The old man bustled off.
Teria could only watch in admiration. "I hope I'm that well when I'm his age," she muttered. She laid out her pen, paper, and notes on the table, but set her writing desk aside.
"And how old do you think I am?" said Ionun as he reappeared pushing a cart. He waved her answer away. "Don't bother guessing. You'd be off by decades no matter what. And parlor talk is not what you're here for."
He placed mugs before the three chairs and a large pitcher in the middle of the table.
"Just wine for now," he explained. "And fruit. I sent out for better than I had last time." He placed two bowls on the table heaped with fresh whole fruits. "And I'm afraid Martilleous is busy today with other things. We're on our own."
Ionun perched upon his chair with one leg folded under him, and Teria thought he might launch from it on some new errand. His wardrobe was identical to what he'd worn on their previous visit, but in different colors. "Now, the reason I summoned you. It is not often that I'm visited by an inspector, from Kenos of all places, concerning a murder case. So, needless to say, my discussion with you weighed on my mind and I have revisited it often in the last few days."
"You've come to some other conclusion about the mode of death?" Gaent asked. Teria detected a hint of disappointment in his voice. The only thread they had to go on was this theory of Beros' and possibly Lystus' death. If that were weakened now, they would lose ground in both cases.
"Oh, no. I'm still quite convinced that our untraditional experimenter is a possible suspect. Whoever he may be. But you, Clerk Teria, asked me a question. Do you remember?"
"I'm not sure," said Teria. She took an apple from the bowl and polished it on the sleeve of her blouse.
"Think, when I was relating anecdotes about past transference experiments." Ionun leaned forward and rapped a knuckle on the table.
"I asked if all the experiments ended in death," said Teria.
"Yes. And I answered that the cases I knew of did. All the victims had been taken against their will, and it was possibly easier to dispose of bodies than otherwise." He nodded more quickly now and waited for some response from Gaent or Teria. "You have the body of a victim, yes? Beros was his name, I believe. Do you know how he was detained?"
"In the case of Beros," said Gaent, "he was last seen in the employ of an old man. We've surmised that he was probably drugged and then bound."
Ionun stopped him. "An old man? Physically infirm, I suppose?"
"I believe the one report we have is that he was 'stooped.' That's second hand, I'm afraid," said Teria. She bit into her reddish-purple apple with an embarrassingly loud crunch. 
"You have, of course, ruled out that the old man physically detained Beros. Beros was a strong, young man. A graver, I believe you said. No way he could be physically kept against his will by a stooped old man, you agree?" Ionun asked.
"Yes, that would be very unlikely," said Gaent. "We're figuring that he hired Beros to move some boxes up stairs for him."
"Probably boxes of equipment needed for whatever procedure was done on Beros," Teria interjected.
"Ironic," said Ionun before turning back to Gaent.
"And when the work was done, the old man offered Beros a drink laced with some sort of sedative. Then restrained him and killed him," said Gaent.
"Reasonable account. I doubt that sedatives would have affected the experiments. But, are you sure that Beros would accept a drink from an unknown old man?"
Gaent filled one of the mugs with wine from the pitcher on the table and took a drink. "I don't know. He might."
Ionun chuckled. "Yes, well, good point. But people know you've come here, and have seen you here. I'd have a lot to account for if I were to poison you. Not so for Beros' situation. If someone saw him or knew he was going to work for this old man, none of them knew the old man. And from Beros' perspective, wouldn't he expect to get paid and have his drink where he chose? And what if Beros refused the drink? The whole plan would be for naught." Ionun sat forward and tugged at his beard.
"We have no evidence that Beros was the only intended victim," said Gaent. "If it didn't work out with him, the ruse might have been repeated until it did work."
Gaent didn't like that explanation and Teria could tell. He was hesitant. It wasn't a narrative that he had discussed with her. They had accepted the theory that Beros had been drugged in some manner. It was the simple explanation.
"In that case, you'd have to admit, there are factors that would be beyond our untraditional experimenter's control. Too many." Ionun rose from his seat and sorted through one of the piles of books on the table. He opened to a marked spot, quickly read the passage and returned to his seat. "Melinus Kuart had fewer complications."
Gaent blinked. "Who?"
"Melinus Kuart was the man that used his uncle and cousin to enhance his brother," Teria supplied. She nibbled at the core of her apple and Ionun popped up from his chair again in order to provide her with a dish to put it in.
"Ah, yes," said Gaent.
Ionun returned to his seat and took a less temporary posture with both of his feet on the floor and his hand flat on the table. "I began thinking," said Ionun, "as you might in such a situation. How would a man achieve this? How would he manage it? These are some of the questions you might ask, yes?" Ionun drank his mug of wine and poured a second.
"Of course," said Gaent. " 'How' is often more important than 'why'."
"Indeed," said Ionun. "Unfortunately, that's not often the question asked by historians and storytellers. From my source materials, I had to infer things. These transformations are a long process and nothing was said about the manner in which Melinus kept his two donors pliant."
Teria swallowed hard. Many things bothered her about the work she did, but hearing of someone treating their kin in such a manner sent chills down her spine.
"I'm sorry, Clerk Teria," said Ionun. "And I fear that what I have to say will not comfort you."
"Please, go on," said Gaent. He leaned forward and tapped his foot under the table.
"Yes," said Ionun. "Are either of you familiar with manipulative apothos?"
"What do you mean?" asked Gaent. "Manipulation of what?"
"The manipulation of men," said Ionun. "Not physically, but mentally." He paused and let his words sink in.
Teria wrote what he had said, the very phrases, but had very little frame of reference to give them meaning. Gaent was very quiet.
"There are many forms of apothos that have been forbidden," Ionun said quietly. "And for very good reasons. Mental manipulations can be very insidious."
"Explain exactly what you mean by 'mental manipulations,' " asked Gaent.
"I mean, the apothos affects a man's very thoughts. Or a woman's. No, not thoughts exactly. It's more like the apothos enhances simple emotions."
"That's quite a difference," Teria muttered.
"Less than you'd think, Clerk Teria," said Ionun. "Emotions are closely linked to learning, remembering, and behaviors based on emotional associations. Mental manipulations are based on a pathway similar to those involved in addiction. Addictions are formed when something creates a favorable sensation in a person, like one has been rewarded or comforted, but often much stronger." Ionun blinked several times.
"Really," he continued, "it isn't much different than what a facilitator does with a facere when they are acclimating them to a new stimuli. We use similar powerful pathways to hold their attention and to associate something new with a core concept that has been established, such as friendship. As you remember when I first introduced you to Martilleous, I made sure to refer to you as friends. When I mention 'friends,' the pathway associated with that word creates an association for Martilleous that helps him remember you. In this case it increases his interest. Our experimenter may have used a similar apothos to elicit a strong response."
"But it can be done without establishing that core concept?" Gaent asked.
"Yes, I imagine so," said Ionun. "That portion of the process takes time. In the case of Beros it was probably something more immediate. Just to make Beros like him a little bit more, to trust him just a little more. Imagine. He compliments Beros on what a good job Beros has done, he uses an apothos that adds to Beros' good feelings about himself. Beros is comfortable with the situation, and when our experimenter offers a drink in addition to promised pay, why wouldn't he take it? That apothos removes some of those unknown complications."
"So, he couldn't just suggest that Beros sit and stay put?" Gaent asked.
"He could, I suppose, but it would be much easier if he suggested something that Beros would be likely to do. One could induce a horse to jump into the channel and swim across, but isn't it easier to induce the horse to walk across the bridge? Not that I've trained horses in my time." Ionun scratched his head. "In fact, manipulations have also been used to some extent in training animals. Such an apothos may have been used as a means of holding more intelligent animals, like the Bayard Bays in check as well. Those exact apothos are long forgotten as far as I can tell."
"But ones for manipulating men are still intact?" Gaent asked.
"Of course not! It could be that he has come across some human or animal manipulation apothos in some very rare manuscripts, either one I don't know of or one newly discovered in Weordan." Ionun launched from his chair once more and began to pace as he talked. "Or a simpler solution. In light of my recent realization, it could be that our untraditional experimenter is a facilitator and has modified those apothos for his own uses." He paused and wrinkled his nose. "Not an entirely comfortable prospect."
"Would that be possible?" Teria asked. "Considering..."
"Considering the supposedly low mental acuity of the facere? Martilleous' mind is no less complex than mine or yours. In fact, despite his social behaviors, his brain is in many ways more complex."
Gaent slumped in his chair. Ionun picked a colorful peach from the bowl of fruit. He toyed with it but didn't bite into its red flesh. Teria glanced from one man to the other and neither said a word. It was a strange silence. Ionun had run through his topic, and Teria wondered if he would start on something new at the first word from Gaent or her.
She read through the notes she had taken. Without realizing it she had underlined 'how' to add emphasis to it. "If this is a credible explanation of how our 'experimenter' may have gained control of Beros..."
"Which it is," said Gaent. He had decided to incorporate Ionun's theory into his own, and Ionun gave them both an approving smile.
"And if we believe that Lystus has been abducted by the same man..." Teria let Gaent fill in the rest of the thought.
"That makes Lystus' abduction all the more likely, especially if our experimenter is Promander," said Gaent. He was smiling now, but it was the tentative smile of a man who had fit one piece of the puzzle, but had many more to go.
"Would you mind including me in your conversation? Or shall I have Martilleous take my place here?" Ionun asked.
"Another man has disappeared. And unlike Beros, he'd fit your classic profile of a victim," said Gaent. "Strong apothos ability. He was recently befriended by a man that his friends didn't trust."
"And could Lexia have been manipulated as well?" Teria asked. Gaent shrugged and shook his head.
"If you're asking if woman as well as a man could be manipulated, I'd have to think less of you," said Ionun. "That should be fairly obvious."
"His girlfriend first claimed that she believed Promander was behind Lystus' disappearance, but then changed her mind and was certain that he had left due to an argument they had," Teria explained. "Could the manipulations you speak of be used to cause that sort of reaction?"
"It's possible. A similar apothos could enhance negative feeling as well as a positive one. Suggest something that they already fear to be the case, reinforce it with a similar apothos and hope they act on it. It's very possible."
"And the person wouldn't know that they were being manipulated?" Teria asked.
"They might be a little confused by their own action, but who isn't on occasion. The only other side effect is that the manipulation produces a noise that only the manipulated person can hear. When I interact with Martilleous, sometimes he feels that the sound is too loud. Other facilitators have reported similar experiences."
"We should search for Promander among facilitators and those that have access to facere," said Gaent.
"That's a short list in this part of the world," Ionun commented. "And not at all inclusive."
"Agreed," said Gaent, "but I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't follow up. We do have a description of a suspect. Maybe he'll be found among that short list."
Gaent didn't sound at all enthusiastic about the lead. Teria knew very little about facere herself, but she did know that Professor Torret would be on that short list despite his already having been investigated.



Manipulation works best on those that are certain of what is going on, but actually have no idea. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 40, 22:28
Thirty-eight Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

Gaent tried to focus on the notes before him. Across a desk of scattered papers, empty food containers, and half-full glasses, Teria was diligently copying profiles of facere and facilitators.
This line of investigation had thus far reaped nothing. It would be too much to expect that a man with Promander's description would be registered as a facilitator.
Other cases that Gaent had been working on had been pushed aside and given periphery attention. Most unsolved cases ended that way, petering out quietly as something else took their place.
A knock on the door brought them both fully alert. "What is it?" said Gaent.
A message runner poked his head in. "Sir? Ma'am?" He held a sealed envelope in one hand.
Teria rose and took it from him. "Thank you."
"You're welcome," he said and hurried off.
"What is it?" Gaent asked.
"From Kenos College." She slipped her finger beneath the envelope flap and pried it open. "Lystus' records."
"I thought we already have his grades and testing results."
"This is from the bursar's office." She read it over and handed it to Gaent. "Very interesting."
Gaent read it too. He couldn't help smiling. "An outstanding bill from the Organic Transformation Apothos Department."
"A large outstanding bill, and Lystus' specialty was material transformation apothos, not organic transformations."
"And I wonder what it is that he bought. Let's go."
"Where?" Teria was already settling behind her desk.
"Student lab store."
"Now? It's late."
"This close to the end of the term? Someone will be working. Doing inventory at least," said Gaent.
The student store was in the basement of the physical transformations hall. Every student was required to pay a deposit against equipment that might be damaged or lost in the course of their studies. Gaent knew of two kinds of students, those who broke or lost almost nothing and had most of their deposit returned and those for whom the deposit wasn't enough. A particularly careless student would quickly spend the deposit and have to replace equipment as they worked. Gaent had to weather the shame of buying a new crucible and filter during one term and had to search out the student store.
The door to the store was closed, but a bright sliver of light seeped from beneath the door.
Gaent knocked.
"Closed!" a voice from beyond yelled. "Come back at six."
Gaent knocked again. "Bayside Precinct. I'm here on business."
"What?"
"Inspector Paulos Gaent with Bayside Precinct."
A lank-haired boy opened the large barred window. "Ah... Can I help you?"
"I hope so. I need to see what equipment was bought by this student." Gaent handed the bill to the stock boy.
"Sir, I'd like to help you, but I can't give people access to that sort of thing. I'm just here to clean and count." Behind him, another student hovered with one finger holding place in a thick book.
"And study," said Teria.
"We have a test tomorrow," said the stock boy.
"Do you know where the receipts are kept?" Gaent asked.
"Yes, but..."
"You'll look this one up for me. By order number?" Gaent pointed out the number at the top of the page.
"Yes, sir. But I don't want to get into trouble with my supervisors."
"You'd rather get in trouble with the constabulary?" Teria asked.
"That's a point," said the study partner.
The stock boy glanced nervously through the bars and unlatched the door. "Fine. Come in." He closed and locked it behind Gaent.
Gaent hadn't been inside the student laboratory store when he had purchased that crucible and filter. Tall, wide shelves stood with aisles between them. Common instruments were kept near the door and more esoteric items were placed in remote corners. Bins and drawers held small pieces of equipment. Directly next to the door with the barred window was a desk and formidable file cabinet.
"I had already locked it for the night," he muttered. 
"Sorry," said Gaent.
With another put upon comment, the stock boy retrieved a mostly empty bottle of brandy from the desk. He took a swig and worked through a simple and obviously often-used apothos. After an audible click from the file cabinet, the stock boy checked the number at the top of the bill and opened the proper drawer. Eventually, he produced a two-page invoice. "He ordered a lot of equipment," the stock-boy commented. "Was he working on a project?"
"He might have been," said Gaent. 
"You're not going ask me to copy this, are you? I don't have time for that. Not that I would. You'd have to arrest me first."
"You might get out of the organic apothos test if he arrests you," said his friend. Briefly, the stock boy appeared to consider jail as an option.
"No, that's fine," said Gaent, "We'll check it out. I think we have a similar list already."
"Please hurry your business," said the stock boy, "so I can lock the cabinets again."
Teria dug out the list of items that had been stolen from Torret's laboratory. The invoice wasn't alphabetized and Teria leaned over the desk and checked off items that were found on both sheets.
"So, who is this guy?" the friend asked. The stock boy stood by, sullenly, with his arms crossed over his chest. "I didn't think students that didn't pay their bills were hunted down by inspectors."
"The invoice is for Lystus," said the stock boy.
"The jock that disappeared?"
"That would be him," said Gaent.
"He took off because he couldn't pay his bill?"
"Not exactly," said Gaent. "But we hope that this information will help us find out why he did leave."
"See, we're being helpful," said the friend.
"I'm done," said Teria. "No harm done."
She handed Gaent the inventory from Torret's theft. Neat checks marked ninety percent of the items listed. Several also had numbers next to them indicating the extra quantities Lystus had purchased.
"Was this delivered somewhere? I can't tell by the invoice," said Gaent.
The stock boy took the invoice from Teria and glanced at it. "It was picked up. It probably would have taken two trips."
"Or one trip if Lystus had brought a friend," said Gaent. "Thank you very much for all of your help. We'll be sure to let your supervisor know that you were cooperative."
"Oh, that's quite alright," said the stock boy. "Please, don't bother."
"Are you hungry?" Gaent asked Teria as they headed upstairs.
"I could eat," said Teria. "Something small."
"I know just the place."

* * * * *

Perton's Cellar Café was busy despite the hour.
The café was filled with students, and tables were set outside the building as well. A stairway lead to a second dining area, but Gaent waved Teria to an open table outside as he ordered a couple of sandwiches.
"It's too noisy down there," said Gaent. Teria nodded. He would want to talk through possibilities. Teria rubbed her eyes and considered the sandwiches Gaent had purchased.
"Spiced beef, tomato and eggs," said Gaent.
"Eggs?"
"Trust me, it's good." Gaent flattened out his own sandwich and bit into it.
Teria followed suit and found that the combination was tasty.
"This is a nice place," she said. "Sometimes I wish I had been a student. It's an interesting lifestyle."
"You have some talent, Teria. If you were to get an amulet, you might be able to get in."
Teria shrugged. "That's not my calling. So, what are your thoughts?" What she was suited for wasn't something Teria liked to spend too much time on. She tried to ignore the looks her wardrobe and lack of locket chain gathered.
"Beros and Lystus' disappearances are certainly connected. I have no doubt about that now." Gaent happily ate a few more bites of his sandwich.
"So the question is, in what way?" Teria asked.
"Yeah. Let's start with what we know. We know of four people in connection with one another: the stooped old man, Beros, Promander, and Lystus."
Teria retrieved a sheet of paper and a pen. She made a column with the four names. "And Gordellous, who most likely stole the equipment from Torret's lab."
Gaent nodded. "Right. It's possible that he was under the influence of a manipulation apothos too, or just well-paid. By whom is the question. The old man? Promander? It's likely that whoever hired him killed him when he was no longer useful."
"And Lystus? Is he just a victim like Beros?"
"I don't know," said Gaent. "There is compliance on Lystus' part, whether manipulated or not, and that makes me wonder how long he's been involved."
"Lexia's statement puts her first meeting with Promander more than a bi-week before Lystus went missing. She didn't think that the two had met before then," said Teria.
"That would mean that they met around the time we found Beros' body. However, she might not have known as much about her boyfriend as she thought she did." Gaent fingered his sweating beer glass, but didn't drink.
"It's unlikely that Lystus was only chosen for his connection to the student store."
Gaent had to nod in agreement. "Yes. Lystus had desirable abilities as Ionun would put it."
"Should we check financial connections?" said Teria. A piece of egg fell from the edge of Teria's sandwich and stained her notes. She brushed it off with a flick of annoyance.
"I don't think it would be useful," said Gaent. "Thus far, everything has been stolen or obtained through manipulation. What would help is if we could determine how involved Lystus is in this. It's possible that he's just another Beros. From what Torret, Jenevor, and Ionun have told us, Beros was a donor, right?"
"That's a reasonable assumption."
"So the associated questions would be, who was the recipient and what did they receive?" Gaent wiped crumbs from the corners of his mouth. "It's possible that the old man could be the target person. Professor Torret is using his research with pigs and applying it to make them better at producing meat. That has little to do with apothos talents. Maybe the traits the old man wanted from Beros were simply physical ones."
"That leaves Promander as our experimenter?"
Gaent shrugged. 
"But it's strange that the old man hasn't been mentioned since Beros," said Teria.
"Maybe the traits caused a physical change. I don't know how likely that is. We should probably drop in on Ionun again," said Gaent. "Ask him a few more questions."
"Or, maybe the experiment on the old man didn't go so well and he was killed," said Teria. 
"Still, too much that we don't know," Gaent muttered. "Let's talk to Ionun, then let's double check the list of contacts that Lexia gave us and talk to Lystus' parents again too," said Gaent. "Let's see if we jog anyone's memory concerning a little old man."
Teria quickly added items to her list and details to the notes she had already taken. She washed her sandwich down with sparkling wine. "Do you think that Torret is completely cleared at this point?" Teria asked.
Gaent squinted. "After all that we've done concerning that lead, Petorous is going to have a fit if Torret is nothing."



Nothing is more dangerous than an ally that fears or resents your strength. -- Journal of Alcander


Atendere 41, 8:21
Thirty-nine Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
An apartment in Kenos

A dozen vials of deep amber fluid represented Alcander's work.
Each was an inch in diameter and all but one was full to the top. Each ended in a cap, and beside the vials were plaster-cased hollow needles made of bright, glittering diamond.
The diamond needles were the last of what Gordellous had stolen from Torret's lab. It would take too much effort to procure more. Alcander might be forced to leave Kenos if he failed today. And that would be a shame.
He had taken every precaution he could fathom. In the case of Beros, Alcander hadn't had time to do proper testing. With Lystus. Alcander had done three iterations of tests when two would have sufficed. Since he'd had the time and the materials, he'd chosen the most desirable outcomes and ran an additional, abbreviated set of tests to bolster his results. While he was fairly satisfied that he would reap the results he desired, Alcander couldn't rule out the possibility that some variables could confound him.
All that was left now was the injections.
Lystus was smaller now, somehow. So much had been taken from the boy. The distillation of those materials was in the vials, but Alcander had taken structure from Lystus as well. In that sense, it was far more than he had taken from Beros.
He had left Lystus lying on the table. The ropes that had bound him were no longer needed. The boy's skin was ebon black and seemed to hang loose over his bones. In all, he hadn't lost much muscle. It had been important that Lystus stay healthy. If the systems of his body had ceased, he would have been useless to Alcander. Likewise, Lystus had not fully experienced the pain of the procedures. Alcander had kept the young man sedated to avoid the possibility of escape.
Still, Alcander had known Lystus. Beros had only been a body. Alcander mused that perhaps that was the difference in how he perceived Lystus now that he was done with him, now that Lystus was dead.
Alcander did regret that Lystus had languished for a while after Alcander had drawn the last from him. Things were so rushed with Beros that Alcander didn't remember how long it had taken for him to finally die. He had been distracted this time too, until he heard Lystus' soft, incoherent mutterings.
Alcander would have finished the boy, as he had taken care of Gordellous, but he tried instead to hear what Lystus whispered. Would a dying man think of his family, of his parents or his girlfriend? Or would he achieve utter clarity and realize that he had been betrayed? He was disappointed to hear Lystus reciting something from rote. As Alcander leaned closer it wasn't some comforting childhood tale or the focusing rhythm of an apothos ritual. Instead it sounded like the steps for constructing an alloy from its base elements. Something Lystus had been studying in a class. It wasn't the apothos he was recalling, but the steps, by rote, without meaning behind them. The final moments of a man like Lystus had been reduced to that.
Alcander had been quick to drain Lystus' blood. This time he was of sound enough mind to remember the anti-coagulant and put it into the refrigerator to sell later.
He covered Lystus' body with a linen sheet.
Alcander quickly made sure that all was as it should be. The vials and the needles were already set. The cold box was filled with cut meats. Jars and cans of preserved beef, pork, and fish stocked the counters and shelves. There was bread, ouzo, and pomace brandy as well, but the protein and fat would be more important. This time Alcander was certain he had enough food.
He stopped at one of the windows and peeked between the heavy curtains. The sun had been up for a while, but no one would pay attention to the closed windows. The owner of the building had been manipulated into leasing it to him with only a single apothos. She had shown obvious attraction toward Alcander, and he had taken advantage of that.
The location, amid a business district, ensured him some privacy. No one had bothered him. No one had sought him out. Soon Promander would completely disappear. And it was a small pleasure that the building was devoid of rats and moths.
Alcander gathered the last of his instruments. He had stolen these three emetanisms before he had met Lystus, Beros, or even the thief Gordellous. 
Two of the emetanisms were of similar size and shape, but with very different purposes. Both were about five inches long with one bulbous end. One was made of avitored and tapered to a fine point. The other was brownish red with a blunted end. Their emetascheme casings were translucent. Alcander inspected both to make sure that their fuel wafers were in good shape and that nothing was visibly wrong with the emetaschemes that directed their functioning.
The third emetanism was very different. It was a tangle of white-striped cloth strips with a metal clasp that would hold fuel wafers. He made sure that the wafer was secure, and that was all that was required for now.
In many ways, working on Beros and Lystus was easy. Alcander had kept them sedated. They did not react to the procedures Alcander performed upon them. Working on himself was harder. He could not sedate himself and administer the injections at the same time. It was not possible. The limitations on his reach and flexibility confined the site of the injections to the front. The injections he had performed after Beros' demise had taught Alcander a great deal. Without a sedative apothos, the procedure was painful. However, with his improved physique, Alcander would be better able to endure the process.
He had also purchased a chair with a high tilted back and footrest to support him as he worked. Beside his chair he placed everything he immediately needed. The two similar emetanisms were set next to several bright knives. He left the emetanic straps tangled in its box and placed it within reach under the table.
Carefully, he opened each plaster-sealed needle and attached it to a vial of amber fluid. Light glinted off of them and the two large bottles of ouzo. A half dozen additional bottles were stored securely beneath the table. Alcander poured a glass and drank it slowly. When he was finished, he double-checked the orientation of everything on the table. He would need to know where everything was. He sat in the chair and slipped off the loose shirt and pants he was wearing.
He began with his breastbone, above his glowing gold porta flexus and his locket. He picked up the blue emetanism and held it near where he needed to work. With his thumb he gently depressed the top of the bulb, and the emetanism's apothos went into effect. Cool numbness spread gently outward from where the emetanism's tip touched his skin. Once he was certain that feeling in the area was blunted enough, he pushed the emetanism firmly downward until its tip pierced his flesh. Gradually, the deadening sensation penetrated to the bone.
During the last few days, Alcander had reinforced the specific apothos he would need for the processes. The first was a seeing apothos. Alcander popped the top from the first bottle of ouzo and gulped a third of it.
"Inside," he said.
Alcander had linked the word "inside" to a past usage of the apothos. The memory of that time imposed itself on this reality. With a rush of tension behind his porta flexus and his eyes, his field of vision changed. In shades of gray, he saw past the thin layers of his skin and muscles to the bone underneath. He focused on his sternum, keeping it firmly in his mind.
Blindly, Alcander reached out and took a hold of one of the knives, grasping it carefully by the handle. His poor mending apothos skills had left slick yellowish scars around the incisions he had made on the night of Beros' death. He began the new cut at the lower edge of the scar.
When he was finished with the incision, Alcander carefully took a drink of ouzo from the glass he'd left it on the table. While still keeping his vision on the area of bone, he put down the glass and picked up the sleek reddish-brown emetanism. He held it close to his breastbone and activated it. The lattice of bone began to break. The tiny fragments would be absorbed later by the body. He laid the red-brown emetanism aside and gathered one of the thick vials of amber fluid. His transfigured vision slid from the bone to the edge of the cut and he guided the diamond needle through the weakened fissure in the bone. Only then did he let the seeing apothos slip.
The next apothos that Alcander had prepared squeezed the amber fluid out of the vial, through the needle, and into the spongy matter in the middle of his bone, driving the liquid throughout the marrow. The liquid flowed and filled every portion of the marrow. Despite the anesthetic, the pressure was uncomfortable, and was made no better by the tension within his abdomen due to the apothos.
A small amount of liquid was left when Alcander removed the needle from his bone. He set it aside and tilted his head back to let the muscles in his neck rest. After only one bone, fatigue was already setting in. He poured another glass of alcohol and relaxed as he drank it.
How had he managed before with that decrepit body? This one still had its problems, and his back protested as he leaned forward again. He refilled his glass of ouzo, checked the state of his fuel wafer and surfactant, picked up the blue emetanism, and began the process again. This time he held the numbing emetanism against the front of his hipbone.
Hours later, when he was finished, tiny incisions dotted the curves of his hips and the bones of his legs as well as the long, thick bones of his arms. His limbs were sluggish with the anesthetic and his head hurt from the changes in his vision. He knew there were emetanic glasses that could perform the task, but unfortunately, he had been unable to procure such. Maybe next time. The process could always be improved. Alcander drank, but didn't taste a thing. He could only allow himself a minute to rest.
From under the table, he retrieved a bundle of white-striped cloth. Alcander took off his locket and removed the largest, surfactant readied wafer. He placed the wafer in the metal clasp and positioned it over his porta flexus. After he had draped two of the six straps over his shoulders and two others along his legs, he methodically chanted the ritual for an apothos that would precisely wrap the tendrils around his body. Tension grew in his chest and spread throughout all of his limbs. The subsequent heat made Alcander feel like he was baking in the uninhabitable tropics. He was shaking from fatigue, but worse was yet to come.
Alcander removed the block between the metal clasped fuel stones and the energy consuming surfactant membrane. He tried to clear his mind and began the apothos ritual to activate the first function of the emetanism wrapped around his entire body. He chanted aloud in an effort to focus through his haze and blunted pain. Slow in coming, the pressure increased within his bones as the emetanic assisted apothos stimulated the bone marrow to produce new tissue.
Alcander rested, drank more ouzo, and then began the focusing ritual for activating the emetanism's second and last function. Alcander gritted his teeth and hissed out words. The apothos slipped away from him several times. In his mind, he could hear the words of the focusing ritual but they were being spoken by someone else and had become nonsensical. The ritual that was supposed to focus Alcander's efforts instead repeated insistently in its tainted form. 
He opened his eyes and the words receded. Vials were scattered across the table and alcohol had been spilt on the floor. Alcander was covered in sweat and cold, and in the next room, Lystus lay dead. He let the night's silence wash over him.
Alcander began the apothos again, slowly, blocking out the sensations in his limbs. Eventually, the apothos reached fruition. Near his bones, the searing began and Alcander was relieved to quit his effort. Hot and cold, and in the places where the blue emetanism had not been applied, it hurt. The scalding sensation spread, and Alcander doubled over in pain. Tissues were dying off and replacing themselves. The change was greater and the pain was worse this time. Almost as an afterthought, Alcander whispered a word, 'bladder,' and was reminded of the last time he had undergone this ordeal, in the dingy warehouse. This reinforced apothos set into motion an imbedded emetanism that would filter the dead tissues in Alcander's body, preventing them from overwhelming his kidneys. He'd also needed water to keep from becoming dehydrated by the emetanism.
Gradually, the pain began to fade and was replaced by the gnawing hunger in the pit of Alcander's stomach. This too would be worse. And through his haze, Alcander truly hoped that he had stocked enough food this time.


12:11
Near the Grand Bridge

"Leo!" Teria called.
The young patrolman was in the midst of his rounds, several blocks in front of her, heading toward the Grand Bridge. She jogged a few steps to get in yelling range before he reached it.
"Teria! Nice to see you." He took her hand and squeezed it.
Their schedules hadn't meshed lately, and honestly, Teria had been happy for the time to think. What she had told Gaent was true. Being with Leo was nice. She liked talking to him as well as enjoying the other trappings of their relationship. They hadn't spoken of lockets or apothynomi since their morning run. Teria knew that wouldn't last. The subject remained hovering around them like a carrion bird, but for now, Teria ignored it.
"I thought I'd surprise you." She had intended to catch him earlier, not near the bridge, but work had interfered with that plan.
"I'm in the middle of rounds. Walk with me a while?"
Teria hesitated. Her fingers and toes went cold.
"Teria?"
"Yes," she said finally. "Why not?"
Down the middle of the Bridge and on each side was a small walkway used by patrolmen. Common folks were restricted. Leo briskly mounted the three stairs that led to it. Teria paused again until Leo turned.
"It's perfectly safe," he said.
He was at ease with the Bridge and its unending stream of wagons, coaches, and bicycles. Teria followed and focused on Leo's head. The sun seemed much brighter here and the color of everything was sharper. Leo's skin gleamed like polished onyx and the small hairs that dusted his neck had the faintest red tinge to them. Leo stopped abruptly where several bicycles were locked against the side of the bridge. Teria almost ran into him and realized that he'd said something to her.
"Hmm?"
"You don't like the Bridge much, do you?"
Teria focused on his voice and made sense of it this time.
"What makes you say that?"
"Oh, I don't know."
"I'm not scared," she said.
"Didn't say you were." He was teasing her. "Lots of people aren't comfortable with the bridge."
"I'm fine," she protested.
"Look out over the bay." He pointed over the waist-high barricade.
Teria examined the barricade first. Grayish composite with avitored struts that braced the rail from the opposite side.
"The view's great, Teria," Leo said softly.
She lifted her eyes and gasped. The shimmering expanse of violet water extended toward the far-off island of Trysorta.
"It's not so bad, is it?"
"It's lovely," she said.
"Now think of something else. Not the bridge or the water." She looked at him as he scanned the traffic. She liked the sense of authority that he radiated. A smile reached her lips.
"Think of work or something," he said. "What have you been working on today?"
Her smile soured. "Following up on a few things."
"On the Lystus case? Anything new?"
"Not much. I spent yet another morning talking to his family and friends. They have nothing more to tell us, and I don't like bringing things up again and again."
"It's your job. They understand that and I'm sure they want a resolution to the situation." His eyes narrowed as he measured a situation involving an obstinate horse on the other side of the median. It resolved quickly. He continued on toward the top of the bridge.
"I know, but sometimes I feel like I'm imposing. And I'm just a clerk, not an investigator."
"Inspector Gaent thinks you can handle the responsibility. Don't worry about it." Leo stopped. "See where you are now," he said. 
Teria surveyed her surroundings. They were at a place where the bridge widened and curved outward over the water. To her left and right, Teria could see the shadowy buildings of Denaphaos and the much clearer ones in Kenos. The cities, so different, were connected by the long cord of the Bridge. The water raced by below her with its own traffic of ferries and barges. For once, the Grand Bridge felt solid under her feet. It stretched away toward land and to its apex miles away. Teria let the stress drain from her body. She didn't know when she had taken Leo's hand.
"So what's on the agenda for the rest of the day?" Leo asked. 
"I'll write another set of reports."
Leo gave her a rueful smile. "Will it be another long night?"
"No, I don't think so."
"Dinner then?" he asked.
Teria nodded. "Sounds great. Have a quiet shift."
"Thanks," he said. Quickly, he leaned forward and gave her a small kiss on the cheek.


12:20
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

"Inspector Gaent? Inspector, may I speak with you?"
Gaent knew the voice immediately.
He didn't like Sidinallo. The man smiled too much, showing his crooked teeth. Gaent was certain that Sidinallo rarely spoke the whole truth, but Gaent couldn't pinpoint an outright lie either.
Gaent turned.
"Yes?" He'd be polite. He was on his way out, but wasn't in a hurry to meet with Lexia. After this long, she was unlikely to remember new details, or hear from Lystus. He could have sent a patrolman to talk to her, but he knew it was better to maintain a more personal relationship with the woman.
Still, the threshold of the main entrance to Precinct Headquarters wasn't the best place to hold a conversation.
"Sir," Gaent swore that Sidi was about to bow before him, "You're still working on the Lystus case, right?"
Sidinallo knew that Gaent was, the whole Precinct did, but he still waited for Gaent to answer. "Yes."
"If I'm not mistaken, a name was involved, a suspect perhaps?" Again he paused.
Sidinallo was tiresome. "Yes."
"Promander, correct?"
"Do you know something about Promander?" Gaent asked. He hoped it would expedite the conversation. Gaent inched his way further out the door, but Sidinallo didn't follow.
"Well, I've heard something," said Sidinallo, "that you might be interested in."
"And that is?" Gaent suspected that Sidinallo wanted something in exchange for the information. Gaent didn't know what and wasn't about to guess. He took a full step out the door. Teria had errands to do and said she'd meet him near campus. 
Sidi showed his crooked, yellowed teeth again. "You're not the only one looking for him."

* * * * *

Gaent pounded hard on the dormitory door. 
He had been late in meeting her, but Teria knew from his long, quick stride that something unexpected and possibly good had occurred. With only a brief explanation, they had made their way to the administration building to find out the current residence of a student, Hallerous Anaer.
This dormitory was much different than the hall where Lexia lived. Loud conversations spilled out from rooms.
The door before them reverberated as Gaent beat on it again.
"I don't think he's home," said Teria. "Can we get his schedule and track him down in class?"
"It's the last bi-week of the term. No one's where they're supposed to be."
Laughter whooped from the depths of the hall. "Shouldn't all these students be studying?"
"What do you think they're doing?" Gaent muttered. "I'll ask around for Hallerous. Maybe he's studying with someone around here."
A skinny young man with a mop of curly hair poked his head around a corner halfway down the hallway. "He's not here," he said. "If you're looking for Hallerous, that is."
"Do you know where he is?" Gaent asked.
"I think he went with a few people to Perton's Cellar. Are you his Organic Apothos teacher?" He eyed Teria with her absent locket suspiciously.
"No," said Gaent. "I just want to ask him something."
The curly-haired boy shrugged. "Should I tell him you came by when I see him next?"
Gaent rifled through his pockets, but Teria had already pulled a card of heavy paper from a compartment in her writing board. She handed it to Gaent, who presented it to the young student.
The boy's eyes went wide when he saw what was printed on the card. "Um, is Hallerous in more trouble than not passing Organic Apothos?"
"No," said Gaent. "Nothing like that. I just want to ask him a question or two about something. He's in no trouble at all. On the contrary, he might be very helpful. Will you give him that card and tell him to contact us when you see him?"
"Sure."
"And we'll see if we can find him at the Cellar."
"Yeah, sure," said the student. Teria was always amused by how nervous people became when they realized that she and Gaent were from the constabulary.
"Perton's Cellar. Isn't that where we ate the other night?" Teria asked.
"It's a popular place."
"So, we find this Hallerous and ask him who's been asking about Promander?"
"That's the plan," said Gaent.
Perton's Cellar was busy. Every table was filled, including the several that were situated outside. Over half of the tables had books laid open among the plates of sandwiches and bowls of soup. The din was overwhelming.
"Do we know what this kid looks like?" Teria asked.
"No, we'll ask around. Let's start downstairs."
Teria nodded and followed Gaent. She had thought it was noisy upstairs until she reached the basement.
"You want to start on that side and I'll..." she shouted over the multitude of voices.
Gaent shook his head. "Nope. We'll start with that guy."
A slim man with short, brush-cut hair sat alone along the wall opposite the stairs. He was older than most of the students, but not so much that he drew attention to himself. He had several books piled in front of him on the table, but he was currently reading a newspaper.
When she and Gaent neared, the man glanced from his paper and back again. Teria thought she saw a spark of recognition in his eyes, but if he knew Gaent, the man ignored him. Gaent pulled out the chair at his table for Teria and crouched next to it.
"Hello, Laros. How have you been?" said Gaent.
Laros Nero folded his newspaper and laid it on top of the books. "Paulos," he said. He nodded at Teria. "Miss."
"I need to talk to you," said Gaent. "Your name has been mentioned in my investigation."
Teria blinked, unsure if Laros was a given name or a surname.
"My name?" said Nero.
"Yes."
"Really?"
Gaent nodded with a small smile.
"Are you going to tell me what this is about, or just play games? I'm working here. Fine. Let's go." Nero gathered his reading materials and left a half-full glass on the table. They made their way outside and Gaent turned toward Precinct Headquarters.
"No," said Nero. "I'm not going to see your little friends at Headquarters. If you have something to talk to me about, we can do it somewhere else, or not at all."
"Fine," said Gaent. He pointed out a dank, rundown tavern on the corner. Yellow light filtered through dirty windows. Quieter than Perton's Cellar, Teria doubted that the food or service would be a tenth as good.
"Yes, fine," Nero compromised.
The tavern door creaked open and a wave of thick heat hit Teria as they entered. They took seats at an empty table stained black with aged oils from hands and food.
"Arak. Spinerall, if you have it," said Nero as a waitress approached.
She met the request with a dubious puckering of her lips.
"Whatever's your best lightly tamed arak then," Nero amended.
"I thought you were working," said Gaent.
"Well, since this is official business of yours, I figured the Precinct is paying." Nero put his elbows on the table as Teria unpacked some paper and a pen from her writing board.
"Shrewd, and fair enough," said Gaent. "Did you know, Teria, that Laros Nero used to work for Bayside Precinct?"
Teria was grateful that Gaent had worked the man's entire name into conversation. Out of the corner of his eye, Nero watched her to see what she would note and what she wouldn't. Teria didn't note his name just now. She didn't want to ruin whatever bluff Gaent had created. "That must have been before my time."
"How long has it been?" Gaent asked Nero. "Five years?"
"Seven," said Nero.
The waitress brought two glass mugs in one hand and a third in the other. The clear, slightly oily liquid slopped over the edges as she set them down.
"Didn't think it was that long. Sounds like you do pretty good work," said Gaent.
"Sounds like?"
"Things get back to us, Laros. Believe it or not we're an organization of detectives."
"Oh?" Nero took a sip of his liquor and winced. "And here I thought the constabulary was a political organization."
"Laros left because he didn't think he was being promoted quickly enough," Gaent supplied for Teria's benefit.
"And I wasn't. But I sure make more money now doing the very same things."
"And yet, we're buying you drinks tonight," said Teria.
"Their best isn't very good," said Nero.
"No, it's not," Gaent agreed.
"And this isn't a social call. So what is it?"
"What do you know about a guy named Promander?" Gaent asked. Teria poised her pen above the page.
"I can't tell you anything," said Nero.
"We know you've been asking around about him."
"So? I'm an investigator. I haven't passed myself off as an official. What's your problem with me?" Nero took another drink and savored it this time.
"Listen," said Gaent, "you're right. You have no reason to share your information with us. But your clients aren't granted special protections. If we need to, we can subpoena your files and notes and take a deposition from you."
"Do you ever get tired of threatening people like that?"
"Do you ever miss the power to threaten people like this?"
Nero grunted. "I can't tell you who Promander is." He gestured to stop Gaent's next protestation. "I don't know. I'd tell you if I did."
"You've been hired to find him?"
Nero shook his head. "No. But his name is connected to an investigation of mine."
"What are you investigating?"
Nero shrugged. He had resigned to answer questions, but not necessarily offer more. "I've been hired to find a man with some sort of mark on his face."
Gaent raised his eyebrows. "That's pretty vague." 
Nero shrugged again. "As long as I'm being paid in advance, I'll look into whatever vagary asked of me."
"Who are you working for?" Gaent asked.
"You're going to love this. I don't know who."
"What do you mean, you don't know?" Teria asked.
"I do miss having a clerk," said Nero. He smiled sweetly at Teria. "He's paying me in cash and he's contacting me incognito. I haven't seen him and I've only heard him whisper."
"But you have heard him."
Nero nodded.
"This person hired you to find a man with a mark on his face. No name?"
"None that he's given me. My employer said this man would have a strong family resemblance to Beros Evetorropelo. A name I think you're familiar with, Gaent."
"Family resemblance? What do you know about Beros?" Gaent stayed the response with one hand. "Let's just start from the beginning. Some mystery man hired you to investigate Beros and then Promander?"
Nero took another drink. "No, he contacted me and asked me to investigate an old man that's some sort of criminal. Said he wouldn't have a record." Nero wasn't happy with his vile liquor.
"And that isn't Promander?" Teria asked.
"Not to my knowledge," said Nero.
"Let me fill in a couple details so you don't have to incriminate yourself too much," said Gaent. "While investigating the old man, you found out about Beros and reported it to your client."
Nero nodded. "My client's interest shifted then. He asked me to see Beros' body."
"Which you did?" Teria asked. 
Gaent waved the question away. "And then?"
"After I gave him a description of Beros, he asked me to find a man with a rash who is Beros' cousin, but wouldn't necessarily be using his real name. Oddly, the name Promander has come up in my investigation, tied loosely to Lystus' disappearance. That's what I've gathered." Teria's pen moved effortlessly over her paper. "You getting that?" Nero asked her.
"All of it," said Teria.
"So what have you found out?" Gaent asked.
Nero put out both hands in front of him, fingers wide. "Nothing," he pronounced.
"You were always a good investigator," said Gaent. "I don't believe it's nothing."
"Maybe I've lost my touch," said Nero. "I've told you what I know." He shrugged and finished the mug of clear spirits. 
Gaent started laughing. His guffaw was loud enough to catch the attention of the waitress and caused Nero to trade a worried frown with Teria.
"I take it that you don't know much more than I do," said Nero.
"Why else would we be here talking to you?" said Gaent.
"With your resources?" Nero was enjoying this.
"There are complicating factors," said Gaent.
"I'll say." He waved for another drink. "Like this Promander appeared out of whole cloth and no one knows who he is."
"Nero," said Gaent, "it's time to pool our resources."



The difficulty with Zyrie was that they feared the Denaphaos control of the Interan Strait. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Prosperity for All Goeterians: The Goeterian Pact



Atendere 43, 15:20
Forty-one Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Outside Denaphaos Library

Ionun met Gaent and Teria outside the library. "I'm afraid I've taxed the patience of our good librarian," he explained. "Oh, it's not just you. I find other opportunities to peeve her as well."
Ionun was the sort of man Gaent wanted to be as he aged. Gaent wasn't as intelligent or talented, of course, but he could try to remain active in mind and body.
Today, Ionun carried a backpack like Gaent had used during his travelling days. The straps strained with the weight of the bag's contents. "I needed to pop in for a few things and figured it was easier if I met you here instead of attempting directions to my apartment. Denaphaos isn't the most easily navigable city."
"Indeed," Teria muttered. "Is this a day off for Martilleous as well, or is he busy organizing unabated?"
"No. No, he's at home. He was disinclined to leave his writings today. He currently inhabits rooms with me. Which is fine. We're usually here."
"And he's alright with you away?" Gaent asked.
"Of course. He is a grown man after all, not a child. He only needs assistance in some cases. Most of the time he's happiest when left alone." Ionun scratched at his beaky nose. "I would say that the best place for us to talk is my apartment, but I have to warn you. It's not very... As I said, I don't spend much time at home."
"That will be fine, professor," said Gaent. "I appreciate you taking time out of your day once again to visit with us."
"Didn't I tell you not to address me with honorariums?" Ionun shrugged. "It's in an old faculty dorm, my apartment. This way."
The building blended in with the rest of the campus so well that Gaent believed that they were entering one of the lecture halls. The lobby was small and dreary with a wall of small, locked cubbyholes for the deposit of mail. Ionun led them up an equally dreary stairwell. Everything was clean and sound, with no special touches or token effort to provide them.
Gaent expected Ionun's apartment to be a chaotic jumble of books and paper; although considering Martilleous' influence, maybe not so jumbled. He was surprised to find the rooms barer than his own. Two chairs sat around a table in the area with the oven and cold box.
The kitchen connected to Martilleous' rooms and Gaent could see the young man sitting at a desk facing away from the door. Everything was neat around the facere as Gaent had imagined it would be. Gaent assumed that another room with its door shut was Ionun's bedroom. Everything, the door, the table, the chairs, and the walls, were blandly beige. The window, cracked open, was a shade of dark violet, characteristic of an old treatment used to block sunlight from documents and books. The emetanic lamps that Ionun lit were dusty and only added murk to the surroundings. Therefore, Gaent was startled when he saw the large painting that covered most of an interior wall. The colors were bright oranges and yellows with occasional shocks of red. Gaent thought he could make out birds and the rays of a sun amid the forms.
"One of my former students gave me that," said Ionun. "Quite a while ago, when I still lectured. Strangely, Martilleous finds it very soothing. I'd move it to the library, but we don't have the wall space with all the shelves." Ionun set his backpack by the table and brought a pitcher of drinks from the cold box as well as cheese, bread and cold meats for sandwiches. Ionun blinked in surprise when he realized that three people were gathered for the conversation, but only two chairs sat around the table.
"Just one more thing," he said. He dashed into Martilleous' room and gathered a stool. "Go ahead," he said gesturing to the two chairs at the table. "This will suit me just fine."
He scooped up his pack and balanced it on his lap as he removed the stack of books he had transported home. "If Lileos our ill-tempered desk librarian ever asks you, you didn't see these." He gleefully laid the books on the table. "Now, what do we need to speak of?"
Gaent and Teria settled in. Teria left her writing pallet near the door and only collected the appropriate notes and supplies from it. Once again, Gaent couldn't help but notice how much the setting and the pace of their conversation were dictated by Ionun. Occasionally, Gaent found it hard to get a word in edge-wise.
"We have a few more questions about organic transformation apothos," said Gaent.
"Ah, good! I've been reading a lot about the subject lately."
"I figured you might have. In the accounts you've read, is there mention of physical changes taking place?" Gaent took a piece of bread and a slice of soft white cheese to accompany it and settled in for the answer.
Ionun dispensed with the bread and simply nibbled on a hunk of cheese. "That sounds like a question that would be more suited for your Professor Torret."
"I suppose it might be," said Gaent.
"Do you have reason why you're not asking him? It is toward his expertise from what I understand. His transformations aren't directly related to apothos aptitude. More toward the physical attributes."
Gaent didn't think Ionun was fishing for information, but he wasn't sure. "Professor Torret has been within our field of suspects," he said, finally.
"Of course. He would be," Ionun agreed. "Anyway, you are asking me, not him. Yes. In fact, in many cases, physical appearance did change, with a shift in personality as well. The physical changes occurred almost immediately, and were trivial compared to what happened later when experimenters chose to replace brain matter as well. In those cases, the recipient would have a severe loss of long-term memories and a complete personality change within several months after the procedure. I guess the experimenters didn't consider the consequences of slowly killing a living brain as a replacement grew in parallel.
"Not surprisingly, these experiment were often found out after these radical changes took place. The source literatures mention these changes yet researchers are always rather surprised by them."
"It could be that their sources were not as good as yours," said Teria, "and they were unaware of the side effects."
Ionun winced. "Considering how much has been lost since the fall of the Empire? I find that unlikely, Clerk Teria. Something as mundane as Notable Sources Pertaining to Apothos in the Empire has passing mention of it. Only found in the fifth and earlier editions, mind you. Volume three, I believe. It's a major and readily available scholarly work. Earlier editions are, of course, becoming harder to find."
"It is said that only stupid criminals get caught," Teria pointed out. "Perhaps the intelligent ones relied on the change in appearance to help cover their crime." She frowned as she realized the implications of what she was saying.
"That's more likely. And presuming that they chose to avoid tampering with the brain, they could make an investigator's job very difficult," said Ionun. "But that would mean, in this case, that your untraditional experimenter was well-versed in the literatures."
"Plus there's the matter of chimeras." Martilleous' voice was louder than it needed to be within the smallness of the room. Gaent hadn't noticed that Martilleous was standing in the doorway that connected his room to the kitchen. Under the gaze of Gaent and Teria, the facere took a step back, but continued, "When not enough material is injected or the replacement process isn't thorough, a chimera occurs. Then the new traits don't overwhelm the traits of the original."
Gaent raised his eyebrows. "Apparently, Martilleous has read some of those books."
"Books on moths," said Martilleous. "A researcher was attempting to transfer fuel production characters from one moth line to a second, which was more intelligent--"
"More intelligent?" said Teria.
"That's not what I'm talking about." His gaze didn't waver from a point near the table's leg. "After transferring the desired ocules to the target moth's primeom, the researcher injected the altered material into the region of the target moth's fuel producing gland, but he wasn't fully aware of the chimera problem. He also wasn't aware that a single ocule could affect multiple ocule chains. In this case, one of his chosen ocules not only affected a fuel production character, but also a fuel usage efficiency character. Since the material was not properly distributed throughout the moth's system, only the fuel production character was affected. Therefore, his results were significantly less than he expected. This was the immediate effect of the moth being a chimera. He also found that the character did not breed through. This was due to the altered material not being propagated to the germ tissue of the target moth." Martilleous blinked twice. "In retrospect, it's pretty obvious that these problems would exist." Then the facere was silent.
Gaent and Teria traded looks.
"Martilleous is correct on all accounts." Ionun was nodding emphatically. "If you want, I can write something up for you, Clerk Teria," said Ionun.
"That would be nice," said Teria, "but I'm not entirely sure if it has bearing on our case."
"For your own edification then?"
Teria shrugged. "Certainly."
"How do the physical changes appear when they're done?" Gaent asked. "When they're done correctly?"
"Most often that the target gains one or more attributes that resemble the donor. In the case of Torret's livestock and the moths, I understand that they intentionally use specimens with varied appearance in order to make it more noticeable when ocules that weren't targeted are transferred."
"Physical traits alone can be chosen, correct?" Gaent leaned heavily on the table and it wobbled on uneven legs.
Ionun scowled. "It isn't that simple. There isn't a distinction between physical and mental attributes. The experimenter needs an extensive knowledge of ocules to either avoid changing mental characters, or to target particular physical ones. Even then, he may not target the brain for replacement--"
"And inadvertently create a chimera," said Martilleous, still in the doorway. Awkwardly, he lunged toward the table to retrieve a slice of cheese and then returned to his desk in the other room.
"Yes, if germ tissue with the new ocules were to make it into the brain, and those new ocules were active in the brain environment, there could be a very small effect even if there were no tissue replacement regimen."
"I was just trying to understand how Beros might be used as a donor," said Gaent. "Could someone take the traits from one man in order to impersonate him? Would the resemblance be that good?"
"Doubtful, Inspector." Ionun's scowl deepened. "The target would bear as much resemblance to the donor as a sibling would, especially in the case of a very thorough transfer. Which means a very close resemblance in almost no cases at all. If you were to see my brother next to me, you wouldn't know it."
"Promander looks like he could be a close relative of Beros." Gaent smiled.
"That certainly confirms what Nero told us," said Teria.
"Again, please..." Ionun made a helpless gesture at the conversation that was occurring without him.
"We've come across a private investigator that was hired to find Promander, after he was sent to look at Beros' body," said Teria. "Said that Promander was Beros' relative."
Gaent choked on his sandwich. Ionun quickly poured him something to help clear his throat. "Nero was originally hired to find an old man. But that line of investigation was dropped when his client found out about Beros."
Teria wrote and Gaent could see that she was thinking about his statement without coming to the conclusion he had.
"The old man was the target," Ionun said.
Gaent nodded. His pulse raced as it always did when he finally understood what happened at a crime scene. "He hired Beros not only to help him, but to be his first donor. To make his body suitable to live in."
Ionun nodded enthusiastically. "The transmutation happens on a very low level. It could make one appear younger as tissues were replaced. Again, the process is not without it's risks. As I mentioned before, tumors can occur. I wonder how many of Torret's piglets developed tumors."
"Wait, wait. Then who is the experimenter?"
"Could it be Promander?" Gaent asked. "Could someone perform the procedure on themselves?"
"It's possible, but it would be difficult. He would have to be extremely well-versed." Behind his thick glasses, Ionun's eyes swam with the possibilities. "If you wouldn't mind, I'd very much like a copy of your notes, Clerk."



Too many people in Kenos dismiss the past too easily. -- Journal of Alcander


Arkhere 4, 19:20
Forty-nine Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
The Office of Laros Nero

Nero turned on only one lamp in his office and waited for his employer to contact him. He took a jug of thick, dark beer from his cooler. The bitter taste was muted due to the chill, but the alcohol warmed his throat. He put his feet on his desk, but shifted position almost immediately. He took notes and invoices from his top drawer, sorted them, and tapped them into order. Then drank more beer.
Since he had run into Paulos Gaent ten nights ago, Nero had prepared the same trap for his employer every evening. When his employer contacted him, Nero would surreptitiously forward the conversation to the local Precinct. Nero drank to prepare himself, but tried to appear like he was simply enjoying an evening's tonic as he sat down to paperwork. Gaent had assured him that the response would be quick and precise.
Nero wasn't pleased with the thought of entrapping his employer. Nero didn't want that sort of reputation. His clients were generally law-abiding men and women of the Polities, but most of them were not interested in having the constabulary involved in their problems. But what this man might have done, might be connected to. That was enough to for Nero to pledge his cooperation to Gaent.
"Mr. Nero, tell me you have good news for me." The voice, words pleasant and perfect, whispered to Nero from his left side.
Nero was startled, but he recovered quickly and kept from cursing. "I might have... something," Nero said. He shuffled through the notes on his desk to make his stalling seem real. "Something," he said again and turned in his seat to face toward the precinct. 'Something' helped recall the very specific apothos that he had reinforced. The association was fraught with annoyance. Paulos Gaent had sat on the opposite side of Nero's desk until Nero had gotten the apothos correct. But the association was strong and it quickly brought forth the apothos. Tonight, Nero was tired and stressed and exertion of releasing the apothos caused him to groan.
"What was that?" the voice asked.
"Nothing, nothing," said Nero. "I just dropped my notes on the floor. As I was saying, I have something, but I'm not sure how helpful it will be. I believe I mentioned a man named Promander in the last report I left for you. That he has some sort of birthmark on his face."
"Yes," said the whisper. "Your report didn't have much detail on him and reflected disinterest in him as a possible lead."
"I recall I mentioned that he was friends of some of the athletes. Specifically, I've found out that he was friends with Lystus, the boy who recently disappeared."
If all had gone as planned, the dispatcher at the Nabalan Square station would have sent officers, maybe Gaent himself, to block off the neighborhood. This would, most likely be the only opportunity they would have.
Nero quickly filled the silence. "Another interesting detail is that Inspector Gaent of Bayside Precinct is investigating Lystus' disappearance. It turns out that he's the same investigator that was involved with the Beros case." He let that detail sink in. It wasn't within the purview of what he was supposed to tell his client. It might tip him off, subtly. And mentioning Gaent's name might make the inspector squirm. Nero liked the thought of that.
"Considering the connection, have you found this Promander?" the voice asked.
"I've done my best, but I'm afraid not. He appeared from nowhere and disappeared in the same fashion. There's no record of him. Which of course leads me to further believe he may be who you are looking for. Unfortunately, I've found no one that knows him yet. I will of course--"
"Mr. Nero, it seems that you have come to the end of your investigation." His client spoke slowly and clearly. Nero knew he had to remain calm and answer in a correct manner. He could give the constabulary more time. 
"Honestly, sir, I've had more feedback from clients. Knowing what to rule out is as important as knowing what I'm looking for. The man should have a familial resemblance to Beros, but that's a wide area to cover. Surely, you can provide other details."
Silence. Nero wondered if his mysterious client had allowed his apothos to lapse. "Mr. Nero, never have you spoken so much and I need not wonder why. I fear our business has come to an end. You will not receive a last payment. You might have received a bonus if you had mentioned that the constabulary was looking for me at the beginning of this conversation." And with that the apothos did end. Nero could sense its absence where he hadn't originally noted its presence.
Nero cursed now. "He's gone," he said out-loud, if Nabalan Square dispatch was still listening. He cursed again and pushed away from his desk.



Most regard Oinos implants as black apothic devices. This may be the case, but how the apothos was developed centuries ago should not affect our current evaluation of its value. - Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Arkhere 10, 16:02
Fifty-five Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

Petorous didn't have to knock on the open door to Gaent's office, but he did anyway.
"Good afternoon, sir," said Gaent. He didn't want to see Petorous.
"Afternoon." Petorous sat on one of the chairs near the door. "Is it always so stuffy in here?"
"I'm afraid so," said Gaent. "I doubt you're here to tell me that I'm getting a better office."
Petorous scowled. "This is decent office. Bigger than most. Where's Clerk Teria?"
"She's down in records. A couple reports that might have bearing on the Lystus case needed copying. "
Petorous nodded. Then he produced a set of papers from his side pocket.
"There was a murder near the college." Petorous waved away Gaent's enthusiasm. "A simple case of marital dispute gone too far. I want you to go down and question a few people."
Gaent opened his mouth, the protest on the tip of his tongue, then he snapped his jaw shut. "Fine, I'll take a look."
Petorous handed him the preliminary report. "Scene's secured, but the body's already been moved. The missus is in custody. One son is in college and hasn't been located yet. I suggest you gather a clerk and head out."
Gaent nodded, silent, as he read over the report. Petorous didn't get up. "It's time to officially move on, Gaent. The Lystus case is cold and you know it. You haven't shown me one warm lead in a bi-week. Not necessarily your fault."
"Thanks," said Gaent.
"It's just the way it is with some cases. Time to move on and give your attention to the other things. Things that can show progress." he repeated. "And speaking of which, we're getting a transfer in from Sinis Precinct. I'm going to be assigning him as your partner."
"I'm fine without a partner."
"No, you're not. You're contrary. You've had three partners who have all been promoted while you're still in this same crappy office."
"Maybe I like this office." 
"Why don't you study your departmental policies and actually pass the forsaken test? Then you wouldn't have to worry about a partner so much."
"I've found that departmental policies don't help me solve crimes. I don't have much use for them."
"Yeah, I've noticed." Petorous wiped sweat from his forehead. "Listen, two investigators work together for a reason."
"Yes, and Teria does a better job than any partner I've had."
"And there's reasons we have clerks as well. You're loading down one of our best with too much work."
"She has a great investigative knack. She notices important details most people would miss."
"What happens when you're in a dark alley and you need backup and the only person by your side is a locket-less clerk?"
Gaent crossed his arms over his chest. "If Teria gets a locket and training, she'd be eligible, correct?"
Petorous choked on a laugh, and then realized Gaent was serious. The precinct chief shrugged.
"She'd have to qualify for an apothynom stipend. That would make sure that she could perform the duties necessary of her. But I think the chances of either of us seeing her with a locket are pretty slim." 
Petorous hauled himself out of the chair. "Let it go, Gaent. I want a more fleshed out report than that on my desk by tomorrow morning."
Gaent rose too and started to gather what he'd needed for the investigation. He was not happy, but that wasn't Petorous' problem. Gaent knew he was right. Petorous turned and almost collided with Teria. The near accident wasn't unpleasant.
"Good afternoon, sir." Her demeanor was entirely different than Gaent's. She offered him a large smile, but didn't elaborate on the possible reason why. She waited until he was past the door before she spoke to Gaent.
Petorous took a step or two away from the door before he whispered, "Privilege." The tension of the apothos flashed through his chest and head, but Petorous kept his composure. In an instant, he could clearly hear Gaent and Teria's voices.
 "...guy skipped out on his rent in one of the neighborhoods we've been checking on," said Teria.
"How long of a lease?" Gaent asked. He hadn't mentioned the report Petorous had given him.
"No lease. No paperwork at all. The landlady was talked out of it," said Teria.
"By a very persuasive tenant, no doubt."
"You haven't heard the best part. The tenant, quite a handsome man aside from a mark on his jaw and chin, had a very large amount of food delivered to the apartment. The outstanding bill was sent to the landlady. And his name is...?"
"Promander," said Gaent. "Good work, Teria." Petorous could almost hear Gaent smiling. 
He ended the apothos and walked away. The murder would get attention, but Petorous wouldn't lose sleep waiting for that report.

* * * * *

Gaent had to visit the scene of the murder first. He observed the home in which it happened as Teria gathered notes from the first response team and took notes of her own. He interviewed the naturally distraught son and returned to Precinct Headquarters briefly to interrogate the wife. She spun a story of deceit and admitted that she had killed him...accidentally. The details would be sorted out in the next few days. Gaent had to admit he felt sorry for the young man that was now fatherless.
It was late by the time Gaent and Teria could call on the landlady, Alletoea Formetellous. Gaent wasn't tired. If Teria was, she didn't show it and didn't complain about forgoing dinner in favor of meeting with Formetellous.
"Please, call me Alletoea," said Ms. Formetellous when she realized who had disturbed her evening. She was shorter than Teria and, at one time, prettier too. The bleached color of her hair was no improvement. She did not wear a locket.
Gaent decided to be charming.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Alletoea. We understand you've had some troubles with a fraudulent tenant. We'd like to ask you a few questions about that."
"Of course, of course. Please come in." Even locketless, she gave Teria the same derisive smile that most did. "Have a seat," she bubbled.
Her modest home was well-outfitted in stylish wood furniture with polished accents. Everything matched. Formetellous was well-quaffed in a gaudy sort of way. Her clothing flowed around her in a bright colored cloud.
Gaent sat gingerly on her sofa, but didn't make himself comfortable. "First of all, we'd like to check the facts of your report. This is very important to us."
"Yes, yes, of course." She didn't sit down. "Can I get you something?" She didn't include Teria in the offer.
"I am thirsty," said Teria. "Would a glass of milk be too much trouble?"
Formetellous frowned for a split second before she recovered her gracious smile. "Of course." She bustled off in a whirl of color.
Gaent scowled at Teria. "You're not thirsty at all, are you?" he whispered.
She batted her eyelashes. "Of course I am, Inspector Gaent."
Gaent rolled his eyes.
Formetellous returned with a tray with three beverages perched on it. All three were in tall glasses. One was white and unadorned. The other two were orange and garnished with wedges of fruit.
"Just in case," she said to Gaent. She handed Teria her milk and took one of the hard fruit juices for herself after placing the tray on a low wooden table in front of Gaent. "It's my own blend," she said with a sip. "Tastes wonderful." She still had not sat.
"I'm sure," said Gaent. "But I am just fine, thank you. Now about that tenant, you didn't have him sign the paperwork?"
She glided to a desk on the corner of the room Gaent was certain that she would produce a contract of some sort that the man had filled out. Instead, she simply fidgeted with a few pages in a drawer. "It's usually my practice to ask a tenant to sign a three month lease, but I didn't this time...I didn't ask for any contract whatsoever."
"Why not?" Gaent furrowed his brow, more for effect then out of true consternation.
"I don't know," said Formetellous, but then she giggled. Gaent was reminded of a guilty schoolgirl. "He was such a handsome man and I thought that maybe he'd...consider me more if I gave into his request."
Teria hadn't written much yet. "I thought you said that the man had a strange discoloration on his face and chin," said Teria. "I'm not sure I'd consider that handsome."
Formetellous blinked several times. "Well, it wasn't that prominent. And it was easy to overlook. Yes."
"I see," said Gaent. "Have you released the apartment yet?"
"Oh no, I haven't."
"Have you prepared it to be rented?"
"No, I have not. I haven't had the chance yet. I had another tenant move out just a few days before and that has taken my attentions." Formetellous picked a wedge of fruit off the edge of her glass and nibbled on it. She finally sat down on low armchair.
"But you've been in the apartment since Promander departed?" Gaent asked.
"Oh yes," said Formetellous.
"Was there anything amiss?"
"Nothing. That apartment was in very good shape aside from some scratches on the floor of one room."
"Nothing left behind?"
"Not that I saw," said Formetellous. Still, she had a guilty manner, and Gaent wondered what she was holding back.
Gaent sipped on one of the fruit bedecked beverages. It was so sweet that Gaent's teeth ached. "This is good. You'll have to share the recipe with my clerk." He avoided Teria's gaze as Formetellous beamed.
"Would it be possible for me to see the apartment? We would look for different things than a landlord, so I think we might be able to see something that you may not have."
"You'd like to see it tonight?" All her satisfaction vanished.
"That would be the most helpful, Alletoea. Time is of the essence." He gulped more of the sugary beverage.
"Now?" she asked.
"Yes, ma'am."
Alletoea collected a long colorful coat and led them a short ways to a vacant building, part of which had recently been leased to Promander. The apartment hadn't been his only residence if Promander had been part of Beros' murder, but it was his latest one. Gaent hoped it would reap some evidence as to what Promander had been doing in the previous bi-weeks.
Formetellous led them to the back of the building and up a wide series of metal stairs.
"Is the bottom leased currently?" Teria asked. The windows were shuttered.
"I usually only lease the bottom to a business, and the upper rooms as a residence," Alletoea Formetellous explained. "Often that isn't the same person. The business and the residence have separate doors to the outside."
"You said, usually. What are the circumstances in this case?" Gaent asked.
"He said he was an artist. He wanted both. He explained that the bottom would be empty for a while until he established his gallery."
Formetellous unlocked the door and pushed it open. She quickly bustled to a lamp on a nearby counter. She twisted at the neck of the lamp and the emetanism produced enough light to clear the room of shadows. The room was clean. A counter ran along one wall with cabinets set beneath it.
Gaent immediately crossed over to the cabinets and opened the first door. He knelt and retrieved a small tear-shaped fuel globe from his satchel. With the twist of an emetanism at its tip, Gaent lit it and shined it around the vacant shelves. He checked behind the each door, one by one. "Nothing," he muttered.
The next room was a kitchen area with another counter and cabinets, a built-in basin, and a cold box. Gaent check it first. Its emetanism had been turned off and the inside was warm, damp and foul with mold.
"It helps," said Teria, "to put newspaper in cold boxes when they're not being used."
Gaent and Formetellous both gave her a wan stare.
"I'll have to remember that," Formetellous muttered.
Again Gaent found nothing in the cupboards or on the shelves. "Show us the other rooms."
"Yes, of course!" Formetellous remained obstinately cheerful. "I'll show you the scratches."
The scratches were in the second adjoining room, furthest from the front door. The thin veneer of wood was scraped away showing the composite beneath. The two sets were about three feet apart.
"You are sure that these weren't here before?" Gaent asked.
"No, no. I always check the apartments very thoroughly before I rent them so I know what to charge later if I need to." Formetellous frowned at the scratches. "These will be very costly to fix."
"Did you take a deposit for the apartment?" Teria asked. She was sketching the layout of the room and the position of the scratches.
The other woman picked at her brightly patterned coat and laughed. "No. I decided not to. He gave me such a story about his lack of funds that I trusted him."
"Most likely, he was low on money," said Gaent. "He had quit his job."
"You know him? Will you be able to find him?" She put her hands to her face and Gaent was sorry to answer in the negative.
"We're tracking him down, which is why we need your help."
"Oh," said Formetellous. "So, he's a criminal, is he? Other cases of fraud?"
Gaent smiled tightly. "Yes, a great deal of fraud. Unfortunately, the name he's using doesn't have a record behind it."
"And it's likely he'll change his name very soon," Teria added.
"So, the chances of recovering the money owed to me is very slim," said Formetellous. She had one hand in the pocket of her diaphanous overcoat, and was clutching something.
Gaent's smile faded. He had tired of Alletoea Formetellous. "I know the money is of great consequence to you, but this man, Promander, is implicated in a murder and a disappearance. If we had an idea as to how he spent his time here, it would help."
Formetellous swallowed hard. Gaent heard the gulp. She took her fist from her pocket and thrust it out to Gaent. Gaent stretched out his own hand and she let the object drop into his.
It was a small cone of Ignex, over an inch long. One edge was sharp where its tip had broke off. Gaent could guess what it had been used for.
"I washed it," Formetellous said quietly. "I didn't know what it was, but I figured I'd keep it because it was pretty."
Gaent nodded. "We'll need to take this and do some analysis on it. Then you can have it back."
"I don't think I'll want it," said Formetellous.
Gaent thanked Formetellous and excused himself and Teria.
"That's similar to one of the instruments stolen from Torret's, isn't it?" Teria asked.
Gaent nodded. "I wonder what she washed off of it."
"Yes, I certainly wonder," said Teria.
"We shouldn't jump to conclusions."
"True, but Promander is gone now. We can only hope he shows himself again."
Gaent knew she was right. This, like all the leads in this case, had led nowhere. And there might not be another lead.



Many dismiss forays to Weordan in search of lost apothic knowledge as a foolish waste. The question we must ask is what is the opportunity cost? -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Arkhere 11, 22:37
Fifty-six Days after the death of Beros Evetorropelo
Kenos Auditorium for the Arts

"So, what did you think?" Leo leaned in close as they left the auditorium.
"It was fantastic," said Teria. She laughed, more at Leo's enthusiasm than at memories of the performance. 
It had been impressive. The show had opened a bi-week ago to very good reviews. A team of five apothynomi weaved shapes of colored lights together to create patterns in time with soft choral music. When Teria let herself, she enjoyed the spectacle, but too often she heard the voice of her father whispering in her ear, damning apothynom arrogance.
As she left the theater, she pulled her shawl tighter around her shoulders and let it hang so it obscured her already covered midriff. Leo swore he missed it, but Teria was certain she had heard a comment about her lack of locket when they sat down earlier in the evening. Unfortunately, the weather was warm this evening and the shawl was otherwise unneeded.
Leo pulled her along the sidewalk.
"It's not my sort of music," he was saying. "I'm surprised that I enjoyed it as much. Are you hungry?"
"Yes." She glanced around. "What's nearby?"
"I'm in the mood for chicken. Would that café near your apartment still be open?"
"Yes, they're open late."
"Want to walk?"
He asked because patrolman didn't make much money. Teria didn't mind the exercise. When they were away from the theater and most of the crowd, Leo snaked an arm around her back and yanked on the edge of her shawl. Surprised, she lost hold of one side.
"Hey!"
"That dress is too nice to cover. What's under the dress is pretty nice too." He gave her a comical leer complete with wiggling eyebrows.
Teria had bought the dress especially for the evening and had hoped to make it through the night without becoming self-conscious. Of course, it didn't matter if she wore something high collared or exposed her entire midsection, her lack of locket was obvious either way. Usually, she chose to not draw attention to herself at all.
"It doesn't bother me, you know," said Leo. "That dress is stunning on you."
Teria shrugged. "I bit off more than I could chew this evening."
"I'm sorry you couldn't enjoy it as much." He squeezed her hand. "So, you were excited when I saw you yesterday afternoon. What was that about?"
Teria made a face. Leo had been coming in from his patrol when Teria had come in with the lead concerning Promander's apartment. "Oh that. I came across someone who had leased an apartment to Promander."
"The guy involved with Lystus' disappearance?"
"And the Beros murder. At least that's what we think. Nothing came of it. The case is getting pretty cold." Teria shrugged the shawl off. Suddenly, the opinions of strangers on the street weren't worth much.
"This isn't only about the case, is it?" Leo pulled her closer as they walked.
"Gaent will be getting a partner soon, and I've been requested to help with a wing dust case that involves a ring of twelve guys. I'm going to be pulling records for the next five or six days."
"Sounds exciting."
"It won't be," Teria leaned her head against his arm.
"You should become an investigator." Leo didn't say it in an off-hand way. He was serious.
"Not possible," Teria muttered.
"Why? You have had good performance reviews and it sounds like Gaent was happy to have you along."
"Has it escaped your attention that I'm not an apothynom?" She pulled away, but he held her hand tight.
"Yes, it does escape my attention. Listen, I don't mean to offend you, but most Darhorans I've known aren't terribly bright people."
Teria began to protest, but Leo shook his head.
"You have a quick mind. Inspector Gaent sees that too. I wish you did."
"Are you suggesting I get a locket just so I can get a better job?" She said it louder then she intended.
"If it's a job that suits you better, yes."
"I can't just go against everything I believe in to..."
"Serve the teachings of Darhora better with the abilities you’ve been given? Besides, there are locket-wearing apothynomi within the church of Darhora, right?"
"They are not orthodox, Leo. You know that."
Leo shrugged. "I'm not sure it's something you should disregard lightly."
"Disregard lightly?" Teria could only shake her head. Her anger drained away and left weariness behind. "How many of these conversations are we going to have?"
"I don't know, but right now, I'm hungry."
They had arrived at the café. He hadn't let go of her hand and Teria hadn't wanted him to.



Fools like Gordellous spend their energy on seeking a big score when they should instead apply more effort to their more mundane tasks. -- Journal of Alcander


Arkhere 16, 15:40
Sixty-one Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Fuel Laboratory at Kenos College

Alcander quietly cracked open the door of the laboratory. Listening, he could hear Professor Torret and his research assistant arguing about something near the desk. Both were frustrated.
"That doesn't make sense to me, Professor," said Cartio.
Alcander pushed the door open a few inches. Torret was sitting at his desk facing the door. The white-haired man's black eyes struck a chord in Alcander's memories. Not surprising, but still disconcerting.
Cartio was shaking his head over a tablet of results. He was facing the desk with no chance of noticing the door behind him.
"Why should I be tracking consumption and considering metabolism efficiency as well as output? It's only output we're concerned with..." He flipped through several pages, expecting the answer to his question to show itself. Alcander remembered times like that as well. He pushed the familiarity aside.
"Because we can manipulate them to be better, Cartio. The amount of potential fuel that's being used before it's being formed is too high. By tracking the amount of raw material consumed and keeping track of activity, we can better characterize the whole process." Torret pushed away from his desk and turned. He waited for some response from Cartio that didn't come.
Alcander pushed the door open further and caught Torret's eye.
"Can I help you?" Torret asked.
Alcander strode across the room and stopped within arm's length. He made no attempt to hide his smile. Neither man knew him. Alcander stood straight and the muscles in his limbs obeyed him with no complaints. His skin was deep black, even-toned without the splotches that had marked him previously. His nose was bigger. Alcander had not yet fully investigated the internal changes either. He was much different from the last time Cartio had seen him.
"You certainly can help me, Professor," said Alcander. "I'm sure you don't remember me." He offered a hand. Torret gamely shook it as Alcander introduced himself. "I am Alcander."
Torret continued to smile, but it was now forced. Cartio glanced from Torret to Alcander. He detected the tension that had entered the room with Alcander. He narrowed his eyes at the name, but Alcander was rather sure he didn't remember it.
"No, no," said Torret. "Of course. I remember you. It hasn't been that long." He pulled his hand away from Alcander's grip. "Cartio, would you mind if we resumed our conversation at some other time? I need to speak to this old friend of mine."
"Certainly, Professor." Cartio gathered Torret's tablet as well as a few other notes from the desk. "I'll take these home with me." As he passed to the door, he glanced back compulsively.
Torret said nothing. He stood stock-still and watched Alcander.
"You have nice laboratories," said Alcander. "This one and the other in the agricultural section. I think you owe me a chance to work in them."
"You've changed so much." Torret had remained calm, but he obviously hadn't paid attention to what Alcander had said. The professor had shifted and placed one hand on his desk for support. "I suspected you might be attempting this sort of thing, but the results are well beyond my expectations. You should be very proud."
Alcander stopped moving around the room, and peered closely at Torret. "Thank you."
"Of course, it does show your immaturity and lack of experience," said Torret. "You've gone far beyond what I would have considered safe."
"My circumstances forced me to do things in a way that you would not," said Alcander. "I lacked choices."
"Yes. No doubt. As I said, you've done very well. You learned more from Cartio's data than I thought."
"It's all there."
"Indeed? I must admit I've put my failure with you behind me and started investigating Cartio's work more closely. I agree moths are an interesting model species for manipulation of apothos capacity characters, but I'm not as sure that the data are clear yet."
"Yes, the moths are interesting, but this discussion is not exactly why I've come here."
"Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take you from your task."
Alcander began again. "I feel that you owe me. I want what you have here."
Torret had opened his mouth to object, but Alcander stayed him with a gesture.
"You have the position to instate me here. As a student, as a fellow researcher."
"And why would I do that, other than you think I owe you?"
Alcander raised his eyebrows. "I could make life difficult for you."
Torret nodded slowly. "I can get you enrolled here at the college. I know that you have the talents to easily be admitted. As a lower classman, of course."
"No," said Alcander. "I want to further that which I already know, what I've learned from you. And we could prosper together."
Torret let a smile creep across his lips and shook his head. "You want to be a researcher here?"
"You're very influential in the department. Who would oppose you? Especially when I prove that I am knowledgeable."
"Do you think it's safe for you to remain here?"
"Perfectly," Alcander lied. He had weighed the risks and found them acceptable. "Besides, what is my other option? Leaving Kenos? Having to make my own way without a diploma is not palatable. Would you want me out in the world as an orphan? Here is the best place to do this kind of research." Alcander wandered across the lab and surveyed the counter. 
"It will take some time to pave the way," said Torret.
"Make sure it doesn't take too long." Alcander smiled and offered Torret his hand. "Do we have a deal then?"
Torret turned away from Alcander and went to his desk. He pulled a form from a drawer and signed it. "Take this to administration. It's a visitor's pass. You will visit before you become staff."
Alcander pocketed the paper.
Torret was a formidable man. If Alcander caught a hint of betrayal on Torret's behalf, this would quickly be over.



Once Beros believed I used to be like him, he was easily manipulated. -- Journal of Alcander


Arkhere 24, 20:25
Sixty-nine Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
TorAblanno's Restaurant, Kenos

Gaent leaned back against the wall and let the clatter of the restaurant settle over him. The tables were close together and the place was always busy. Despite that, the restaurant was very friendly to solitary diners. The lighting was dim, and the tables with only two chairs were so small that only one diner could comfortably spread out.
A young waiter stopped at the table with Gaent's glass of brandy. "Your order will be out soon," he said. Gaent smiled in thanks as the waiter bobbed away from him.
Gaent sipped at his brandy and ordered a second glass when his platter of food arrived. He was attempting to cut into a rice, bean, and poultry-filled crepe when he was interrupted.
"Inspector Gaent! How nice to see you."
Professor Torret without his laboratory smock was a different sight. Despite the time the inspector had spent surreptitiously in Torret's basement, Gaent found the navy and burgundy striped pattern of Torret's shirt to be an odd choice for the older man. His locket hung perfectly placed over his softly glowing porta flexus, displayed by a tailored diamond-shaped cut out. 
"Professor." Gaent nodded. "How have you been?"
"I've been good." Gaent saw tightness around the man's eyes, but the smile was genuine. Behind him, Gaent could see a waitress glancing repeatedly toward one of the few open tables.
"Would you care to join me?" Gaent asked.
"I would like that very much. I'll be joining my friend," he said to the waitress.
She smiled and placed Torret's menu on the area that was left on Gaent's table.
"What was that?" Gaent asked. Torret had said something, but it had been carried away by the noise in the room. In fact, for a moment the sounds were so loud that Gaent's ears rang. Professor Torret didn't repeat himself.
"What would you recommend? This is my first time eating here," said Torret.
"I don't think I've had anything here that I didn't like, but some of the dishes can be too spicy. I come here because it's cheap."
"I don't care for spicy myself. What should I avoid?"
Gaent leaned across the table and pointed out a few things.
"What you're having looks good," said Torret.
"It's the stuffed crepe. Probably my favorite and it doesn't require too long of a wait."
"Good, good." Torret peered around for the waiter and quickly ordered one of his own as well as a small salad. Gaent's was getting cold, but it didn't take away from the taste. "And please," said Torret, "a glass of brandy for myself, and another for my friend."
"That's very kind of you," said Gaent. "They have a decent house stock."
"Inspector, I've been meaning to get hold of you. Was there progress in the case you visited me about?"
Gaent slowly chewed a bite of his crepe before answering. "No further progress directly related to your break-in. We questioned some associates of the man who had possession of your watch, but that reaped less than expected. We're still following through on where your laboratory property ended up."
Torret shrugged. "I've heard that break-ins and thefts are the hardest crimes to solve." The waiter placed a heaping salad before Torret and Torret thanked him. "I honestly didn't expect much."
"I'm sorry we couldn't provide a better result," said Gaent. "There's so little evidence to act on in most thefts." And Gaent was sorry. Most people could not believe that criminals had a good chance of not getting caught. Gaent didn't accept it sometimes.
"You've done your best, I'm sure of that," said Torret. He crunched on a bite of his salad, and gestured with his fork. "But in the grand scheme, my loss is very small. The University has funds to cover such events. What I'm interested in is the other case you spoke to me about."
Gaent knew it was coming. He hated questions about cases that were going badly.
"We've followed leads, but they've led to nothing."
Torret sat back, in what Gaent could only read as surprise. "Nothing at all?" he asked. "Certainly that's not entirely the case. Why don't you tell me more about it? If nothing else, it will give us something interesting to discuss."
Inspector Gaent hesitated. Torret had been a suspect and that aspect of the case could not be discussed. What are you thinking, Paulos? he chided himself. He shouldn't discuss the case with this man. But his investigation of Torret had revealed nothing. Torret's career made him a likely suspect, but other than that, he was clean. It was unlikely that he staged a break-in to his own laboratory and he certainly wasn't Promander.
Professor Torret sat across from Gaent, avoiding the olives that peppered his salad. He was a genius, an aging professor that had years of scholarship before his retirement. What other breakthroughs would he have before his career was over?
"Surely," Torret was saying, "you have some thoughts on a suspect."
"We do have a name," said Gaent.
"Indeed?" Torret leaned forward in anticipation.
"Promander. Unfortunately, this man doesn't exist in a traceable way. He's not from Kenos, or Denaphaos for that matter. We only found out where he lived after he was gone."
"Very slippery," Torret commented. "Can you tell me how you came to that name?"
"You've heard about the disappearance of Lystus Moraneo?" Gaent asked.
"The melee star that went missing? I heard about it. You can't avoid it on campus."
"We have reason to believe that Lystus' disappearance is connected to the murder of Beros. Lystus' friends told us about this man, Promander." Gaent put down his fork. He was suddenly not very hungry.
What had happened to Beros had most likely now happened to Lystus. According to Teria, Lystus had been a vital young man. He was strong and popular. Talking to his teachers, Gaent found that he was not the smartest, but everyone had high hopes for him. He was a standout. Now he was gone. Now he was dead.
"This Promander, what does he look like?" Torret asked. "Do you have a description of him?"
"Vague. In good shape, a mark on his face like a birthmark." Torret's hands were marked with light-brown blotches from age. "Or maybe like acne. You haven't seen someone like that among your students, have you Professor?"
Torret shook his head. "No, no one like that."
"I didn't figure. I'm sure I could question every teacher and none will have had Promander as a student."
"But he socialized with students?" Torret asked.
"With Lystus and his friends."
"The athletic crowd then?" said Torret.
Gaent nodded. "The melee coach met him once. He wasn't impressed. But otherwise, nothing." Gaent took a deep drink of his brandy. The waiter seemed to consider intruding to ask a question, but thought better of it.
"Take heart, Inspector," said Torret. "I'm sure you'll have a break. This man can't have completely disappeared. And I'm sure if he's left the city, you've alerted the necessary people. Patrols will find him, I'm sure."
"Yes," said Gaent. He had no confidence that Promander would be found. No matter how much Gaent had told Torret, against his better judgement, he wasn't going to tell him that Promander didn't look the same now that Lystus was probably dead.



Zyrie representatives mistakenly assumed that Trysorta was a kindred state, concerned with Denaphaos control of the Interan Strait. Ionun Morintopealos, Prosperity for All Goeterians : The Goeterian Pact


Mansere 2, 21:51
Ninety-one Days after the Death of Beros Evetorropelo
Research Laboratory of Professor Anetol Torret

"I'm glad you could make it tonight." Professor Torret waited at the smaller, man-sized door of the laboratory.
Aeron left his bike propped against the wood plank fence and took his time crossing the yard. He took stock of his situation with a couple sweeping glances. Torret was alone. Several lamps lit the paths between buildings, but otherwise everything was dark.
"I believe I was right in the middle of an explanation when we were interrupted. That was, what? A half-week ago?" Torret pushed off from the white-stained wall of the building and opened the door. For an older man, he was spry and moved easily.
Professor Torret fiddled with an emetanic lamp that stubbornly began to glow after several mild curses. "Shall we begin where we left off?"
Aeron shook his head. "No, you yanked me around the last time I was here. Why don't you just tell me what's going on?"
Torret stopped halfway across the treatment room. "I'm surprised at you, Aeron. Given your background, I would have thought you had more respect for those who are older and more experienced than you."
Aeron refrained from answering.
"Now, where were we? Ah, yes..." He gestured with one hand, summoning Aeron to follow him. "I'm actually glad that we were interrupted last time." He led Aeron down the main aisle of the barn and stopped in front of one of the pens. "I wanted you to see the results of what we had started at the end of last bi-week. I was about to send you on your way."
The thought flitted through Aeron's mind that perhaps Torret had choreographed the entire first meeting, including his assistant's interruption of his lecture on character transfers. That was paranoid, and Aeron knew it. Torret had no reason to do that. Whether he liked it or not, Aeron would return to the laboratory whenever Torret asked until Aeron had what Torret had promised.
When Aeron visited Torret's lab last half-week, it had been earlier in the day. Torret's assistants went about their work in an efficient, quiet manner. Torret had shown Aeron a young pig being restrained in a strange sling. The animal was sedated and its ears and tail hung limply. Aeron didn't know much about swine, but he was impressed by the animal's glossy red-brown coat. A yellow tag was attached to the pig's ear numbering it as six seventy-five.
"This is a one of our targets in the midst of a transfusion," Torret had said. He had beamed in obvious pride, at the animal and the smooth workings of his staff. "We use the sling to help us reach all the areas we need to. You can imagine how difficult it would be if we had to deal with the animal laying down."
On each of the pig's legs, rump, and shoulders were shaved patches. The assistants inserted long, thin diamond needles into each of the shaved areas. "Straight into the bone, where materials from the donor will be injected," Torret had said.
The procedure was almost done when another one of Torret's crew, a pretty young woman, tapped him on the shoulder. "Sir, I need you to examine this sample we took..." She had offered Aeron a confused, but friendly smile.
And like that, the first meeting was over. With Torret's colleagues around, Aeron didn't want to start asking questions. Torret had assured Aeron that he would be in touch again.
Aeron joined Torret at a pen. As he passed by, pigs shifted in their comfortable sleep. One, more awake than the rest, snuffled in annoyance.
"I wanted you to see the results," said Torret. He gestured to the pig in the stall. This animal was awake, but rummaging in the fodder at the bottom of its pen. Its coat was colored with black blotches.
"This is the same pig?" Aeron asked. The tag in the animals ear read six seventy-five.
"I told you exactly what was going to happen to this animal."
"You said that this pig would have greater muscle mass like its donor."
"And I also mentioned the change in skin color, a trait we've linked to muscle mass. You were paying attention, weren't you Aeron?" In the quiet isolation of the barn, Torret's chiding lecture chaffed.
"No offense, Professor, but it's possible that you just re-tagged a different pig."
"I suppose that is possible, but do you remember what I said about this pig's right front hoof? Please, Aeron, use your brain." He smiled at Aeron. "Your records show that you're not ever going to be a great apothynom, but you have some intelligence. Use it."
Aeron was surprised that Torret knew his record, and knowing that unnerved Aeron. He slid his glance away from Torret.
All of the pig's hooves were overgrown and abnormal in length, but the right front hoof also had a thick band of white. "You mentioned that the red-brown 'target' pig had an infection in its right front hoof in the past. Just a minor infection, but it caused the discoloration."
Torret nodded, pleased. "That part of the hoof grew out, and you can see that it's the same here on this pig. The procedure has the effect of rapidly growing new tissues. Usually we file the hooves so the poor little beggars don't injure themselves, but we wanted you to see him. This is the same pig, Aeron."
Aeron nodded, mostly convinced. 
"And you can see that the shape of its head is somewhat the same," said Torret. "Broad snout and concave in the forehead. Not like the traits of the breed we introduced. I wouldn't expect you to know that. But you can see the commingling of traits. The new, of course, but shadows of the old as well. You can see that, can't you?"
Aeron nodded again. The pig gave a complaining oink. He did see similarities, and he had no reason to doubt what Professor Torret told him. The older man might be highly respected, but he rubbed Aeron wrong with his superiority. Aeron hadn't had Torret for a class; the older professor didn't teach often now, but Aeron knew he was well regarded.
"That's quite impressive, Professor." Aeron wasn't sure what else to say.
"Yes, it is," said Torret. "But don't be insolent. You're smarter than that."
Aeron shifted his weight from one foot to another and stared at the pig. His patience was wearing very thin. "I'm missing something, Professor. What does this pig have to do with my friend Lystus?"



The most dangerous dark craft is insidious, purveyed by the most modest of faces. -- Ionun Morintopealos, Histories of Lost Apothos from the Empire


Mansere 16, 15:56
One-hundred and five Days since the Death of Beros 
Fuel Research Laboratory at Kenos College

Alcander peered through the emetanic spectacles at the fluttering wings of the moth. Alcander carefully targeted the fine diamond needle at its body and missed.
He was not as good with the moths as Cartio was, and often Alcander regretted that the young researcher had not stayed after Torret transferred the laboratory to Alcander. He cursed as the needle pierced the moth's body, and poked completely through it. As he withdrew the needle slowly, he whispered the word 'needle' as well.
Cartio had taught him the apothos and it was easily associated with that experience. The force needed to pull the liquid into the pipette was minute and easily over-done. Even considering the sudden tightness in his chest due to the apothos, this was one of the easier aspects of laboratory work.
The apothos pulled only the desired portions of the moth's body fluids into the tiny pipette, enough to perform the tests he needed.
"Marres, please, clean this for me." Alcander pulled off his spectacles and glanced around the room for the assistant Torret had provided for him. She was a delicate woman, prone to sickness. In the wide chair set at Alcander's desk, she resembled a well-dress child.
"I'll be right there," she said. She was moderately intelligent, but didn't go out of her way to think too much about what was occurring with Alcander's research.
"You might want to know that Cartio is taking his complaint to the regents this half-week," she said as she cleaned up moth carapace.
"Oh?" Alcander had shifted the focus of Cartio's research. Fuel production was still important, but efficiency of fuel use was now the center of Alcander's experiments. Cartio had been slighted by Alcander's appointment, and had easily used Alcander's changes as an excuse to leave. "And what will the regents say?"
"Well, Professor Torret holds a good deal of sway with them. They won't go against him. And he's always shown good judgement. The only argument that Cartio has is that you are reducing the focus on profitable research." With a few quickly said words and a sip of ouzo, she resolved the adhesive on the plate and scraped off the remains.
"It will be much more profitable long term. Do you have today's raw material consumption report compiled yet?"
"Right here and I'm almost done arranging the data as you like." She then continued nattering about a detail she saw in the data that she thought was relevant. Alcander ignored her; Marres was not good at seeing trends in data. However, she was a very good technician, much better than he could ever hope to be himself, and he would let her go on as long as he could bear it.
"Are you going to practice tonight?" Marres asked.
Alcander glanced ruefully at the clock. "No. Professor Torret wants to have a meeting with me in about twenty minutes. It looks like I'll have to stop here on my way home to pick up that report you're preparing."
"Oh? So late? Must be important."
"He said it was about new budget constraints. You can decide whether that's important or not."
Marres giggled and began preparations for a new layer of adhesive on the bare plate.
Soon after he had taken his position as a researcher, Alcander had joined the campus' recreational melee league. Since Alcander hadn't been trained as a young man, his participation had been minimal. Training with a sword was difficult, but the exercise was well worth it.
"You know, most researchers don't do melee," said Marres. "I was talking to a friend of mine the other day and she just wouldn't believe it. I mean, the staff is in good shape. For his age, Professor Torret is pretty spry." Marres waited for some response and received none. "And then she saw you and was pretty convinced." Another pause. "She'd like to meet you."
Alcander turned away from his testing. "Careful with that plate."
Marres grinned and shrugged and fished the plate out of its bath. "Oh, Hirmel will be in tomorrow. Do you want me to prepare anything special for him?"
"Nothing beyond the usual," said Alcander. Torret loaned the facere to the moth lab often to help with certain testing sequences.
"Right. I hope you arrive before he does. I don't think he ever understands what I try to tell him. I ask him, but he just goes about his work like I'm not here. Completely ignores me." Marres cursed and a small puff of noxious, yellow fumes emanated from the sink. As usual, her preparation apothos failed when she was distracted by someone else's presence.
Alcander let the test run and sat at his desk. His day was far from over. Knowing Torret, it would be very late when their meeting was over, and then Alcander would still have to travel back into the city from Torret's other lab.

* * * * *

Aeron could hear the cows lowing from where he waited for Alcander.
The plan came together easily. Torret mentioned he would be meeting Alcander at the off-campus laboratory. Away from the city, that provided an easy opportunity.
Aeron was familiar with Alcander. Alcander had started attending the recreational melee leagues' meetings a few bi-weeks ago. He was a strong man, graceful in his movements, and by no means untalented. In a few short bi-weeks, he had learned much. But Aeron didn't think the man was experienced enough to be a match. He would have no problem overtaking him tonight.
Aeron waited along the road for Alcander to ride past. He had situated himself near a windbreak of trees. The branches hung low and were permanently bent toward the road in the direction the wind usually blew. Aeron suspected that he wasn't completely invisible from the road, but it allowed him to be close and level with the surface. The growing night was still, aside from the occasional livestock. It was a completely different world from the noises of the city.
Aeron had a thick staff to catch in the wheels of Alcander's bike. He had checked outside of Torret's barns before taking position and saw a bike, presumably Alcander's. He would catch the apothynom on the way back to the city.
And as soon as Alcander was on the ground, it would be over for him.
The darkness thickened and Aeron began to wonder if Alcander might have taken a more indirect route toward campus. Unlikely, but still, Aeron worried. He tried not to fidget and resisted the urge to backtrack to Torret's and check if the bike was still there. His fingers traced the grain of the staff's wood as he waited. He leaned to the side to see as much road as possible.
Nothing.
He chewed the inside of his lip. He could go to Torret's. His bike was on its side, out of sight where the copse of trees sloped into the pastureland. But as late as it was, Aeron feared he would meet Alcander on the way and miss his chance. How much longer should he wait? About an inch below the top of his boot was an itch.
A small part of him that wished that Alcander had gone another way, that he wouldn't have to do this tonight. And if he didn't do it tonight, Aeron didn't know when the next opportunity would be. In the pit of his stomach, Aeron feared that Professor Torret was wrong.
He heard the hissing of tires on the gravel road and grasped the staff tightly near the top. The green-gray avitored armor he wore was suddenly too tight, pressing against his chest as he moved. The weight of the sword strapped to his side was unbalancing as if it would drag him down. These sensations weren't unfamiliar to Aeron. Before every competition since the age of nine, similar fears ricocheted through his mind and body. In a second, they were gone, and Aeron was moving.
He stepped out along the side of the road before the rider passed. The rider was tall and bulky. Definitely Alcander. Aeron lifted the staff upward and thrust it at an angle. He intended for it to get caught in the spokes of the bicycle's front tire. But he hesitated, and instead, the staff caught near the bicycle's chain and one of the pedals slammed down on the staff. Still, the effect was what Aeron desired. The bike stopped abruptly, dumping Alcander on the ground.
Aeron let go of the staff, circled the prone bike and kicked it away. Alcander was still on the ground, and Aeron kicked him as well. The older man moaned and rolled to a crouch. In the thin light of the night, this man, Alcander, was more like Lystus than Aeron had ever realized. He dove forward and solidly tackled Alcander. He jabbed the man in the side with his fist.
"Aren't you going to use that sword?" Alcander asked. His voice was muffled and he struggled against the vise of Aeron's limbs.
"Shut up," Aeron said. He was larger than Alcander and had no problems pinning him, prone, to the ground.
"I can fight," said Alcander. "Give me the sword and we'll fight like honorable men."
Aeron barked a laugh. "I know about you. I know what you've done. You deserve an execution and no less." He punched Alcander in the side again, but it provided no satisfaction. 
"It is unwise for you to do this," said Alcander.
"Shut up," Aeron said again. He pushed Alcander's head against the ground. 
"I suppose it was Torret," said Alcander.
Aeron wasn't surprised by the conjecture. "Yes, it was Torret. He told me to finish you quickly."
"You should," said Alcander. "What's stopping you?"
"I need to know." His blood had stopped surging through his veins, and Aeron calmed. He could pull his sword at any time.
"You already said you knew about me," Alcander pointed out. "What are you confused about?"
Aeron shook his head. "I'm not confused. Just answer my questions."
"Of course."
"Is it true what you did to Lystus?"
"What did Torret say I did?" Alcander asked. "I have no idea what he might have invented. I don't know a Lystus."
Aeron pushed Alcander's face into the gravel.
He had stayed in Kenos well after graduation. It hadn't felt right for him to leave, to move on with his plans when Lystus was gone. Lexia, too, had put her life on hold, though he rarely saw her. He needed to know what had happened to his friend. But what if Torret was just using that need? Aeron shook his head. "He told me that you're Promander," he said weakly. "You look like him. I've been watching you and you look like Promander, and you look like Lystus. That's what Torret told me."
"And did he show you his swine?" Alcander asked. He heaved under Aeron's weight and Aeron realized he was laughing. "Do you know what you're implying? You can believe anything if you try hard enough. Torret knows that and he's using you... Relax and let's talk about this."
"Why?" Aeron shouted. "Why would he want me to kill you?" For a moment, every sound was blotted by a high pitched whine in Aeron's ears.
"Did you think that this scheme was crazy, Aeron? Just once, didn't it cross your mind that Torret might be mad?"
Aeron let up. He sat on his haunches, still straddling the prone Alcander.
"How can I be Promander?" Alcander freed one hand. He placed it flat on the ground. "Can you truly believe that I killed your friend Lystus?"
Aeron scrambled off of Alcander. The other man took his time getting to his feet. He brushed off his legs, and blood was beginning to well at his jawline, just where Promander's jaw had been marked. There was a resemblance, but the similarity was a figment, like sunlight on the bay. His eyes were completely different.
"I won't mention this," said Alcander. "It was a misunderstanding."
Aeron opened his mouth, but Alcander held up a hand. He staggered and nearly fell, but managed to keep his feet.
"It will be fine. I'm not hurt. Not badly. You're certainly good in a fight." Alcander walked past Aeron and gathered his bike. Despite his insistence, the man's face was bright with pain and fatigue.
Aeron found that he didn't know what to do or say. He had intended to kill this man with only the flimsiest of evidence. Torret had admitted that he could not go to the constabulary, and that was why he needed Aeron.
"If I were you, Aeron, I would avoid Professor Torret and put this all behind you." He grasped Aeron by the arm and met the boy's eyes. "Relax, it will work itself out."
Alcander didn't bother checking his bike. It was not ride-able; the chain was broken. Aeron watched him lean on the bike and stagger off. Questions swirled through Aeron's mind, and he rubbed his temple until the ringing in his ears subsided.



Alcander the decrepit was far more dangerous than Alcander the young. -- Journal of Alcander


Mansere 17, 3:02
One-hundred and six Days after the Death of Beros
The Apartment of Paulos Gaent

In Gaent's dreams, he couldn't solve puzzles. The simplest picture puzzle was missing pieces. Blocks never fit together. The simplest aspect of a focusing ritual eluded him.
When the messenger woke him, Gaent was attempting a light apothos under the tutelage of a shadowy figure that other students referred to as Promander. In his dream world, Gaent knew that if he finished the light apothos, Promander's face would be illuminated. The pounding at the door interrupted the vision, and Gaent was glad of it.
The young patrolman had a constabulary carriage waiting outside. The early morning was warmer than Gaent expected, and humid.
"Petorous isn't at Headquarters?" Gaent asked.
"No, sir. He's at a scene, or what we think will be a scene."
Gaent raised his eyebrows, but the patrolman just shrugged. "I don't know much, sir. Captain Petorous took a team to secure a building."
"On what grounds? Is this related to the Bongartner case?"
The patrolman grimaced as Gaent continued to ask questions he had no answers for. "I'm not sure, sir. The captain mentioned some sort of note."
The carriage wound its way toward the canal, but turned away from the docks to the area near the water that was popular for its fish markets. The cab stopped half a block away from a one-story building made of thick bricks. Another constabulary carriage waited and a third stopped as Gaent watched. From the third, Petorous and a group of three other young patrolmen disembarked. With them was a man with a limp that Gaent didn't recognize.
Teria was the other carriage's passenger. She appeared less awake than Gaent. She wore a long, belted shift and her hair was held in check by combs. Her writing board, of course, was slung across her neck. She picked at the chain of the locket she wore around her neck. It was her first amulet, modest in design with a single unit fuel wafer. Given another two or three bi-weeks, Teria would be tested to qualify for a minimum stipend and become Gaent's partner. It would take years before Teria's apothic capacity was anywhere near adequate, but so long as she regularly achieved milestones, everything would be fine.
Despite the shadows below his eyes, Petorous was enthusiastic. "Glad you could join us," he said to Gaent. Teria shot him a disgusted scowl.
"What's going on?" Gaent asked. "Is this movement on the Bongartner case?"
Two of the carriages drove off and the young patrolmen quickly and quietly fanned out to surround the property. The yard was poorly kept, consisting mostly of dirt. The windows of the building were boarded and dark.
"This is Jasparum Ovilia," said Petorous, with a gesture toward the limping man. "He owns this delightful little building. And we're here to search the place."
"Under what suspicion?" Gaent asked.
"That's what I'd like to know," said Jasparum. "I'm not opening the door until I know why I should."
"You'll open the door or we'll arrest you for interfering and open the door ourselves. I believe our locksmith is away, too, so we'll have to break it down. Your choice," said Petorous.
Jasparum was shaken by Petorous' force. "Fine," he muttered. "No need to get like that."
Gaent followed them to the door with Teria behind him. She hadn't said a word yet. Jasparum unlocked the door and pushed it open. "Can I go home and finish sleeping now?"
"I'm afraid not. We'll have some questions to ask you," said Petorous. He waved to one of the gray clad patrolmen to keep an eye on the landlord.
"I'm still curious myself," said Gaent, "as to why we're here."
Petorous produced a note from his pocket. He held it out for Gaent, but Teria snatched it from his fingers. She read it, twice, from the movement of her eyes before she handed it to Gaent. "This is too good to be true," was her only comment. Gaent read it and had to agree.
"That's why we're here," said Petorous. "To see if that has merit."
The building was bare with few dividing walls. They were nicked and scraped, decorated with peeling white paint over surprisingly mold-free plaster. The floor was equally pocked.
"What do you rent this place out as?" Gaent asked.
"I advertise it as storage space. Which is what I'm sure my renter is using it for," said Jasparum.
Most of the space was unused. In one room was a crate on a pallet, and in another were shelves filled with various pieces of small equipment. Gaent recognized some of them. It was glassware similar to what he had seen in Professor Torret's laboratory including testing plates and other baubles that Gaent couldn't name at this hour in the morning.
A good-sized cold box sat in the corner with a crate on top of it. Petorous put on a pair of cloth gloves and carefully opened the cold box. Teria followed suit, occupying herself silently with the crate.
"What do you make of this?" Petorous asked.
The shelves of the cold box held several racks and each rack contained dozens of small vials. The vials were filled with liquid, possibly blood. All were labeled with a number and a name.
"What do you have Clerk Teria?" Petorous asked.
"His notes," she said. "Notes on the experiments he's been doing. This is..."
Gaent nodded. "Too good to be true. But I don't care. Let's go pick up Torret."

* * * * *

In the carriage, Teria read the note over again as she made a copy of it.

To the intrepid members of the Bayside Precinct, notably, Precinct Captain Petorous:
In the recent past, I became aware of your investigation of Professor Torret in relation to certain events that have occurred. I also came to realize that you lacked certain evidence against the good professor. I am writing you to provide that information.
You will find that Professor Torret retains his laboratory equipment at 212 Hiberot, near the docks. Be sure, if you investigate the property that you secure the landlord first. He is under the strong influence of the good Professor and will take the first opportunity to alert him of your renewed interest.
You will find Torret's equipment, his notes, and samples from his previous experiments. Enclosed you will find a list of names. I'm sure you will find corroboration among your records of missing persons. And indeed, you will find my own name on that list. I know as much as I do about Torret's activities because I was one of the good Professors successes. For my own safety, you will not be able to contact or find me. Good luck with your investigation.
Alcander

"I take it he was warning us that Torret has been using a mental manipulation apothos on the landlord," said Teria. She and Gaent weren't alone in the carriage. Two young patrolmen traded glances, but said nothing.
"I'm just glad Petorous took that piece of advice," said Gaent. "It was good work."
One of the patrolmen, a man with golden eyes gestured to the note. "So, is this Torret connected to Lystus' abduction? That guy was an impressive swordsman."
Teria checked the list. "No mention of Lystus here."
"Or Beros?" Gaent asked.
Teria shook her head. "No Beros either."
Gaent and the patrolman were both disappointed.
"We'll worry about that later," said Gaent. He pointed out the window.
Teria recognized the neighborhood. This early in the morning, the place was still. Wind blew through the trees of the well-established neighborhood, but the houses sat in firm sleep.
Gaent leaned out the window of the carriage. "Stop here and wait for the vacatun."
"Yes, sir," the driver replied. The carriage came to a stop.
The two young men fingered the short, dense clubs at their belts. Gaent opened his bottle of pomace brandy and began to mutter his way through an apothos ritual. Teria assumed he was preparing or reinforcing his own apothos. All she had for protection was her writing board and Teria doubted that it would be of much help in this situation.
"Does Captain Petorous always come to work so early?" Teria asked. She wanted to disperse the tension in the carriage. Readiness was a good thing, but these men didn't need to be on edge. From their annoyed expressions, they certainly didn't share her point of view.
"I don't think the Captain has been home yet," said the golden-eyed patrolman.
"Ah, I see."
The conversation hadn't disturbed Gaent in the least. He slowly opened his eyes when he heard another carriage. A constabulary wagon stopped next to their carriage. A second set of patrolmen descended from the wagon, along with a heavyset man with stringy hair and the sunken eyes of a vacatun.
After coating a portion of his palm with the surfactant and carefully placing the wafer atop, Gaent said, "Let's go."
He nodded to the vacatun. "Stay at the back," he said to the man. "You too, Teria. I'm first in." One of the patrolmen appeared older than Gaent, but he nodded and easily followed the orders. "Bring the ram too."
They closed the rest of the distance to Torret's house on foot. The newer patrolman carried a heavy cylinder with several handles attached to it.
The house was dark. Gaent gestured for one of the patrolmen to circle around to cover the rear exit.
The ram knocked the front door in with two hits. Gaent led the patrolmen through the maze of rooms to Torret’s bedroom. Teria remembered the layout of the house as well as Gaent did. The vacatun turned on lamps as they went, creating a corridor of light behind them.
Torret had been awakened by the noise, but wasn't fully conscious when they entered his bedroom. As the light came on, the old man stumbled to his feet. In his long white shirt and loose pants, he was frail and thin. His hair was mussed and his dark face was salted with white stubble.
"What's going on? What--?"
"We're here to arrest you, Professor." Gaent's voice was cool and reasonable.
Torret stopped short and his eyes searched for a quick answer. "It didn't work out," he muttered.
The room was large, filled with a heavy wood dresser and mirror as well as a smallish bed and side table. Next to the bed was a tall, ornate emetanic lamp with a wrought iron stand. With a burst of quickness and strength, Torret reached out and knocked over the lamp. It hit one of the patrolmen in the hip and he lurched out of the way. Torret tried to climb over the lamp and lunge for the door, but Gaent beat him to it. "Shock," said Gaent. He grabbed Torret's arm as the apothos was brought forth.
With a cry, Torret fell to his knees. He remained conscious, but his limbs failed to obey the orders his mind might give. The three patrolmen readied their clubs, but deferred to Gaent as he let go of the older man's arm. "Don't hurt him, just cuff his hands."
Once they had bound Torret's hands, the patrolmen gave the vacatun a wide berth. He removed Torret's locket, pulling it quickly over Torret's head, then he placed his hands on the professor's shoulders. The apothos was a lengthy one. Teria had never seen a vacatun use reinforced apothos and assumed that they couldn't use them for their particular brand of work. Teria wanted to ask about it, but most apothynomi didn't like to speak about vacatun.
"He's clean," the vacatun announced after a short while.
Gaent nodded. "Let's get him to Headquarters."


17:37
Bayside Precinct Headquarters

The sun of late afternoon cast long shadows into Gaent's office. The day had been obscenely long, and the golden light made Gaent crave a nap. He might have taken one, a short one at his desk, if Teria had been absent.
The multitude of reports and files were neatly stacked, but numerous enough to cover her workspace. They left no room for her to sit and write so she stood with her portable desk in front of her.
"Did you get to your apothos training today?" Gaent asked.
Teria scowled. "I've had better things to do today."
"Not likely. Be sure you do the work. Don't make me tell that boyfriend of yours that you're neglecting your skills."
She pointedly ignored him and handed him a sheaf of papers. "Some mail for you."
He sank into one of the chairs next to the door, and flipped through the letters and statements that had been left in his inbox. He wasn't willing to expend the effort to get to the other side of his desk. None of the envelopes caught Gaent's eye.
"So, what have you found out?" Gaent asked.
"I've been checking through the names on the list. Mostly, I just had to pull a few files, but some we had to grab from other precincts. From the University especially. Adarro is not happy. Here's what I've compiled. The overlaps in geography are interesting." She handed Gaent several sheets of paper with the names listed in a neat column along one edge with other columns denoting age, date and place they were last seen, and a few other pertinent notes. "The dates of disappearances are fairly random..."
Teria continued on with her theories as Gaent studied the list. "We have two groups," he concluded. "Students and older laborers."
Teria blinked and came around the desk to read over Gaent's shoulder. "I suppose so."
"Targets and donors," said Gaent.
"Alcander must have been a target," said Teria. She retrieved a thin folder from one of the piles. "Gardener, formerly. Despite having an immune disease that affected his joints and skin."
"Which would leave him with skin discolorations. Where have we heard that before?" Gaent asked. He skimmed the folder and noted that Alcander had occasionally worked near Kenos College Campus.
"Alcander, formerly a target of Torret's experiments, kills Beros and performs the same sort of experiments that Torret has been doing."
"Similar sort," Gaent corrected. "Torret was working toward better apothos skill. Alcander did it to improve his infirm body."
"Yes, Beros doesn't fit Torret's pattern. It works, but it's a stopgap. And then we have Promander, with his blotchy face, connected to Lystus."
"You don't know the best part," said Gaent. "Torret appointed a new researcher to run his moth labs. His name was Alcander. His description is fairly Lystus-like. It would be a waste of time to go looking for him on campus or at his home. We should alert road patrols, the Denaphaos Constabulary and the port about him."
"Torret would have realized that Alcander was one of his past victims, wouldn't he?"
Gaent shrugged. "That's something Torret could tell us, but I wonder if we'll get the truth." He scanned the list again. One of the names on the list caught Gaent's eye. The young man had attended the Kenos College at the same time as Gaent. Gaent had known him in the superficial way that he knew ninety percent of the names that had been rattled off during class roll calls.
Teria leaned against one of the desks. "Alcander is long gone, isn't he?"
"We have Torret," said Gaent. "I took one of the notebooks with me, and both of his assistants corroborated that it was not only his writing, but his methodology. Cartio, the guy that was replaced by Alcander is being particularly helpful."
"Not surprising."
"And," said Gaent, "the landlord has identified Torret as the man that rented the building from him."
"Have you talked to Torret yet?" Teria asked.
Gaent shook his head. "Not yet, but I hear Petorous has kept him nice and isolated all day. He's had a good long while to think about the situation."
"Do you think he'll confess?" Teria asked. It would make the next few days easier, Gaent knew. Follow-ups would need to be done on all the missing persons that were listed. Statements would have to be secured from various people, Cartio among them.
"Torret is one of the most intelligent men I've encountered," said Gaent. "I wouldn't be surprised if he's the one that employed Nero. He'll play this well."
"Two college regents have already been by," said Teria. "From what I hear, Petorous sent them off with no answers."
"They'll be back."
"Even if he's guilty?"
Gaent pinched the bridge of his nose, and didn't answer.
"Well, I have much to do here," said Teria. She returned to her piles. "Let me know how it goes."
Gaent pulled himself to his feet. He would go talk to Torret and try to impress upon him how dire his circumstances were. Gaent didn't believe that Torret could broker a deal, but Gaent knew that Torret's position alone could be enough to gain him freedom. He was an important man. 
He tossed his mail on his desk. A piece of heavy card stock amid the other junk caught his eye. He paused to read it.

I hope that you will visit Martilleous and me again soon. We're always interested in what you're working on. ~I

It was written in a rushed hand. Gaent smiled. That was a possibility he looked forward to. Torret might avoid punishment as Alcander had, but for Gaent the investigation wouldn't have been all for naught. Ionun was intriguing, and Gaent hoped his association with the old man would continue well after this case. It was a small consolation, but Gaent wasn't in the position to be ungrateful.



###

If you enjoyed Model Species, other titles by Katherine & Eric Nabity at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/katenab
You can also find out more about Weordan (including a calendar and glossary) Entangled Continua: http://entangledcontinua.com/weordan.html
Thank you for reading! If you feel strongly about this book, please leave a review or recommend it to your friends.
