My Boyfriend the Squire
by
Tracy Kauffman
Copyright © 2012 by Tracy Kauffman
All Rights Reserved.

Dedication: I would like to dedicate this book to my husband Chris and my daughter, Danielle, for all their help and support with this book.
Tracy Kauffman is a Christian author from North Alabama. She has an Associate’s degree in Applied Science. She is married and has two children. She started writing short stories and poetry when she was a teenager. She enjoys writing stories for young adults and children. Other books published at this time are Southern Adventures, Richard the Lionheart and Southern Attraction. Other than being an author, she is a registered nurse and believes her career has given her a better insight into the world and needs of others.













Chapter One
Lucinda was excited: the day had finally arrived. She was leaving on a plane to visit her brother in Italy. Caleb was in the military and had been away from home six years. Even though she wrote letters to him and spoke to him occasionally on the phone, she really missed him. Today Lucinda and her family were boarding a 747 on Flight 1786 leaving at six a.m. Lucinda was elated that she was going on her first real trip, and to be flying there made it more appealing.
Lucinda, her mother Maria, and her dad Robert, were flying into Rome on the 31st of June. They were going to meet Caleb in Rome and then travel over to Camp Davy where he was stationed. It was a warm summer day. Lucinda could feel the heat coming in from the window. Gate 7 was the terminal the plane would be leaving from. She looked around to see the other passengers waiting to board the plane. Most of them were middle-aged men and women. There were only a couple of children in attendance.
She was sixteen years old and the only teenager around. She was a very pretty young girl, with flowing brown hair and brown eyes. She usually caught the eye of boys her age. She was shy and didn’t know how to carry a conversation. She knew she took after her mother, because her dad was very outspoken.
She looked for her father and finally caught a glimpse of him talking to a flight attendant.
“When are we going to be leaving? It is six, and our flight is scheduled to take off now,” he said.
“It will be leaving shortly. Our pilot just arrived,” she responded.
Robert was at the point of blowing a fuse when the announcement came for the plane to start boarding.
Lucinda could feel herself taking quick short breaths because she felt very uneasy. Her mother reached her arm around her, gave her a slight squeeze, and told her to relax. She tried to relax, but nothing seemed to help. Lucinda watched person after person file into the narrow gangway that led to the airplane. As the passengers walked by the flight attendant, she scanned their tickets to show the name of each person boarding the plane.
When Lucinda reached the entrance to the plane, she caught a glimpse of the pilot. He was very young-looking and handsome. She worried that he didn’t have enough experience flying a plane of this size. She entered the door to the interior of the jet. As she stumbled over the small crack that separated the plane from the gangway, she looked up at the flight attendants with embarrassment. Quickly, she regained her composure and headed down the narrow aisle. She could hear the sound of a child crying, people talking, and luggage being loaded into overhead bins. The plane appeared new with leather seats and small television screens lining the back of the head rests. The carpet looked freshly vacuumed and the cabin had a fresh smell. She heard a slight whistling noise and turned to see a small air vent overhead. Passengers had their own control of the air vents for the air conditioning unit. She thought to herself, this was going to be very exciting.
The plane zooming down the runway felt exhilarating. She felt like she was on a roller coaster, because the force of gravity pushing her down in her seat made her stomach tense up. She knew she had no control over what was taking place, and she felt a thrilling sensation. She tried to close her eyes to calm her nerves, but all of a sudden, she felt a smooth transition and the plane was in the air.
Lucinda was tired because she had to get up early for the flight, so she decided to take a quick nap. She remembered her mother knocking on her bedroom door at three a.m., telling her to get up so they would make it to their flight on time. Check-in for the flight began at four a.m., and the security clearance took about an hour. Customs were stricter than normal since it was an international flight.
Lucinda was interrupted from her nap by the sound of someone coughing. Now is the perfect time to go to the restroom, she thought. Besides no one is in line, and I have to go very badly. She unbuckled her seatbelt and walked toward the back of the plane. She bumped someone’s arm as she walked the narrow path.  She opened the tiny door that led into the restroom. The room was extremely small but served its purpose. It had a petite sized sink and small toilet. When she was done, she flushed the toilet. The suctioning sound of the toilet flushing shocked her. She reached for the door handle and opened the door leading back into the cabin.
Chapter Two
Lucinda looked out the bathroom door and became very confused. She couldn’t believe her eyes. Out in front of her appeared to be a portal. When she walked out the exit, she noticed the passageway led to a row of doorways. The doors were unlike any she had ever seen. They were constructed of some sort of stone, very heavy duty. She looked up and saw the ceiling, which was high and far above reach. The floors looked like concrete or some sort of plaster, with no carpet or tiles. 
The stone of the walls was a greyish color that looked natural and unpainted. On a partition hung different types of weaponry, such as a battle ax, a sword, shield, and a lance. Up against the stone wall she saw a head-to-toe, coat of armor made of metal plates of iron. It had a helmet that covered the head, a breastplate for the body, a skirt of tasses-which is a plate that covers the body below the waistline, and different pieces that covered the arms and legs. It looked very heavy, possibly for a knight to be able to fight in combat.
Lucinda was looking around trying to take in the entire view, hopefully to figure out where on earth she was. Suddenly, she saw a lady dressed in some odd-looking attire rushing toward her.
“Princess Grace, where have you been? I have been looking everywhere for you.”
“Who are you and where am I?” Lucinda asked.
“Princess Grace, I am Maiden Harriet and you are at the castle. Are you all right? Did you hit your head or something?” Harriet wasn’t shocked by Lucinda’s clothing, because Princess Grace was always having her mother’s seamstress design a new dress for her each week.
	“I am fine, Harriet. I am just a little confused. Can you tell me whose castle this is?” Lucinda asked. 
“This is your father’s castle, Charlemagne. Oh, you must have hit your head. Let me take you to your chamber.”
She reached out to grab Lucinda’s arm and led her upstairs and down a similar passageway. At the end of the hall, Harriet opened the door to a small room. The door squeaked as she pressed it forward. Harriet ushered Lucinda to a small bed against the window. It was simple and made entirely of wood. Lucinda sat down on the hard surface and peered at the maiden who stood in front of her.
“Harriet, I need you to answer some questions for me now. You need to give me an answer, even though you might think it is strange. Do you understand?” she asked. Harriet nodded in agreement. “What year is this and where are we?”
“This is 1200 AD. We are at the palace, Lyonesse, in Carcassonne, France. Are you sure you are all right? Maybe if you lie down, you will feel better,” Harriet said.
“I am fine. Did you say this is 1200 A.D.?” she asked.
“Of course, my lady. What year do you think it is?” Harriet asked.
“It doesn’t matter. I am feeling so much better. You’re right, I must have hit my head. Please don’t tell anyone; I am feeling better now,” she pleaded.
“As you wish, my lady. Is there anything I can do for you now?” she questioned.
“Not right now. I’m going to look around the castle. I’ll call for you if I need you. Oh, by the way, where can I find you?” Lucinda asked.
“I’ll be in the kitchen. Just ask one of the servants to come and fetch me.” Harriet bowed and left the room, heading down the hall.
Lucinda became more and more frightened. She didn’t know what was going on. How did she end up here? Why did Maiden Harriet think she was Princess Grace? So many questions, and very few answers came to mind. Maybe, I can find the door I came out of, and maybe it will lead me home,, she thought.
She was confounded by the thought of being in a castle. Maybe I can explore the castle first. After all, when will I ever be able to see one again?  Or when will I ever come back in time, to a place like this? she thought.
She went to the door and opened it. She followed the passage she had been down before with Harriet. She came to a chamber that looked like another bedroom. It had a larger bed. A long crimson-colored cloak lay on top of it. The bed was exquisite. It had intricate designs carved into its headboard. “This must be the King’s room,” she said quietly. She shut the door behind her and walked down the stairs to see a huge grand room. Several tables were aligned around one smaller one. Nice, colorful rugs covered the floors that were embellished with embroidered patterns. Lucinda thought, It must have taken months to make them by hand.
The walls held different kinds of tapestries with the king’s family crest embroidered on them.  One wall had a painted fresco of the castle. An old wooden chandelier hung from the ceiling with many candles. Nine oblong wooden tables lined the room. “This is probably where they eat,” she said as she walked around looking at all the intricate designs carved into the wooden walls.
She continued going in and out of rooms, until she opened the door to what appeared to be a storage room. Pots and pans lined the walls and were suspended by ropes. She heard a noise, and turned around to see a young man looking at her.
“Excuse me, my grace. I didn’t know you were in here,” he said as he bowed.
“That’s all right. What is your name, and what do you do here?” she questioned.
“My name is Sir Chadwick de le Ga’lant. I am a squire, my Lady,” he responded with a shaky voice. Chadwick was the perfect picture of a Renaissance period squire. Chad told Lucinda that he was sixteen and had already served in the castle as a page. His appearance gave the impression of courage and chivalry. He had broad shoulders and a firm stance.
“Chadwick, how do you know who I am?” she asked. “Have you ever seen me before?”
“Yes, my lady. I see you every day at dinnertime,” he replied.
“Chadwick. Chad. Can I call you Chad?” she asked.
He nodded yes.
“I need to ask you something, and I want to tell you something in confidence. Do you understand?” she asked.
“Yes, my grace,” he replied.
“Chad, I don’t know where I am. I am not Princess Grace. My name is Lucinda Norman. I came from another place very far away. I don’t know how I got here or why. But, I have to tell someone the truth.” Lucinda looked at Chadwick and he seemed dumbfounded and bewildered. “I know you probably think I’m crazy, but I’m telling you the truth,” she said.
Chad looked at her with his light blue eyes. Lucinda was amazed at how beautiful his eyes were. Then she realized that she had to focus. Focus on what in the world was going on.
“Do you believe me, Chad?” she asked.  
“My lady, I want to believe you. If you are not Princess Grace, why do you look so much like her?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I am confused about that. I am confused about everything right now. Just please believe me,” she said.
“I want to believe you, I really do. Do you know how unsettling this all sounds? But one thing I can tell you is that you do sound different. Your manner of speech is quite different from Princess Grace’s. Princess Grace has elegant speech and yours sounds unrefined.
“I’m sorry my speech is so atrocious to hear, but I can understand why you would say that. I’m from a place called Alabama. Most people make fun of our accent, and call us hillbillies. So, I understand why you would say that,” she said. “Chad, do you think you can help me?”
“I will try to help you, if I can. What can I do?” he inquired.
“First, I need to know who Princess Grace is,” she said.
“Princess Grace is the daughter of your royal highness, King Charlemagne. You are supposed to be fifteen and I don’t know what else to tell you,” he replied.
“I know, I really don’t know what to ask. Maybe, I can ask you more about this life and Princess Grace later,” she said.
“Of course, my lady. I will help you with whatever you need to know. But first thing, you probably don’t need to tell anyone but me who you really are. They might think you’ve gone lunatic and send you away. You might need to play as if you are Princess Grace until we find a way for you to go back home.”
Lucinda agreed and thanked Chad for his assistance.
“Chad, what happened to Grace’s mother?” she asked.
“You don’t want to know, just trust me with that,” he replied.
Lucinda suspected it must have been terrible for him to keep it to himself. Lucinda was thankful she had someone like Chad to help her. He seemed very knowledgeable; after all, he was a squire. That made him very interesting to her, not excluding that he was very handsome, too. He had dark brown hair and was of medium build.  His wardrobe was another story. It looked like he had tights on instead of pants. His shirt looked like a green tunic. He walked erect, without slouching. His speech was more polished than her own, and that made her like him more.  
Lucinda saw that Chad was well respected by the other servants of the castle. They would come to him for advice. Some of the maidens had a crush on him, but he tried to keep his job separate from his personal life; although it was very hard, because he lived at the castle, and his job was pretty much his whole life.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Chapter Three
 Chadwick taught Lucinda how to play the perfect part of Princess Grace. Lucinda still couldn’t understand why she looked so much like her. Where was the real Princess Grace, anyway? It became enjoyable for Lucinda to pretend she was Princess Grace. She had to walk a certain way and talk a certain way. He taught her how to curtsy in a way befitting a princess. He taught her proper table etiquette. He taught her to speak more gracefully and with perfect enunciation. 
Lucinda didn’t have to worry about how to fix her hair, because Tabitha, one of her maidens, helped her with her hair every morning. Tabitha laid Lucinda’s clothes out and soon Lucinda learned the proper dress for a modest princess. Gloves were part of the normal wardrobe. Her dress came up to the neckline and down to the feet. She wore a farthingale underneath her skirt to make it extend out horizontally.
Chadwick worried that King Charlemagne might suspect something, but he never said a word. The king barely spoke to his own daughter, even though she lived at the castle with him. He had more important things to do, like rule his kingdom and show leadership over his knights. At dinnertime, Lucinda tried to speak as little as possible. She didn’t want to draw attention to herself. The king wouldn’t look at her at dinner, as if he were afraid to.  It appeared that he was caught up in more pressing matters, such as protecting his kingdom from invasion by the Turks.
The Turks were a barbaric people, who had tried several times to overthrow the king. They were King Charlemagne’s main opposition. They had invaded the territory surrounding the estate several times, looking for a way to attack.
Lucinda felt a sense of satisfaction in her role as Princess Grace. She had servants at her every command. She never had to go to the kitchen to get herself something to eat. All she had to do was ring her little bell and the servants would come within moments. Chadwick still would bow when he met her every day. She didn’t know if he was playing a role or if he really didn’t believe her. She wondered if he was helping her just so he could become closer to her.
“Chad, I want to thank you for all of your help. You have been very accommodating.” She walked over to him and gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek He turned his face and gave her a quick kiss on her lips. She was a little surprised, but pleased. She smiled at him and their eyes met.
“I’m sorry. Is that all right?” he asked.
“Yes, it was nice. We might need to be more careful, though. If anyone saw us, it could be dangerous for you,” she replied.
“I know. I couldn’t resist. I’ve been wanting to do that for some time now. I know you are looking for a way to go home, but I’d love to be your escort, until you have to leave,” he said.
“Yes. I would love to be your girl, or escort, or whatever you said. I’m finding it more and more difficult to leave this place. I’m falling in love with being Princess Grace, the castle, everything,” Lucinda replied.
“You don’t have to leave. You can stay here forever if you want. I will never tell anyone the truth. I want you to stay,” he said.
“I know. But I miss my family, my friends. I miss the comforts of my home. This place is great, but my home has things you’ve never seen before. Things you couldn’t even imagine. I wish you could come with me to my world. But you would probably miss your family.”
“I don’t have any family. That is why I am living at the castle as a squire. My family was killed in the Albigensian War. My father was Sir Pierre de le Ga’lant. My mother was Charlotte from the household of William de la Cruze. My father was a knight, so that is why I decided to become one. I have come to the castle to train, so one day I can become more like him. He was a great influence on me, and I loved him a great deal. I was only seven when I came to live here. The other knights of the kingdom loved my father, and convinced the king to allow me to stay.”
“That is so sad. Does the king treat you well? Does he treat you like a son?” she inquired.
“No. He treats me like a servant. He doesn’t speak to me at all. He is a wicked man, but he is the ruler, and therefore I have to show respect to him and his monarchy. I’m taught by one of his knights, Sir Lassiter de le Naphtali. Now, he is more like a real dad to me than anyone,” he replied. “He took me under his wing, and taught me how to act like a true knight. He taught me how to fight with a sword and how to ride a horse. I owe my allegiance to him, but will be obedient to the kingdom.” 
“I’m glad you have someone in your life you can rely on. When do you train? You’ve been practically at my side since I’ve been here,” she said.
“I usually train daily. But Sir Lassiter is away on business for the king. He will not be back for several weeks. I am glad I am able to be here with you. Are you?” he asked.
“Of course. I didn’t mean that. I was just wondering. I am so glad you are here. So what are your ideas on how I can go home?” she asked.
“First, let’s trace back your steps. When is the first time, you remember you were in the castle?” he inquired.
“I remember opening a door and seeing the castle walls. I don’t know how I got here,” she replied.
“Can you show me what door you’re talking about?” he asked.
Lucinda took him downstairs to the door she came through from the plane. She pointed to it, and he opened it. It was a door that led to the chapel.
“This is the chapel. Are you sure this is the right door?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m positive,” she replied.
Chadwick looked at Lucinda with one eye squinched, and his mouth drawn in. “At least we tried. Maybe you can pray. Since this is the chapel, maybe somehow things will work out. I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said.
“Yes, I’m willing to try anything. Thanks for trying. I’ll see you,” she said as she walked into the chapel.
Chadwick closed the door behind her and left. Lucinda looked around the room. The windows were large and oval. A small altar was at the front of the room with a small cross on top. Several round candles lined the tables. She knelt down and prayed, “Lord, I don’t know why I am here. I don’t know what your will is for me, but I hope I can go home soon. Please let me go home soon. Oh, and can Chad come, too? Anyway, thank you for your blessings on me. Amen.”
Lucinda left the chapel and headed toward her room. She was tired and the day was growing darker. It was hard to keep up with the time, but she suspected it must be around nine o’clock. When she got to her room, she saw a woman turning back the covers on the bed.
“Can you tell me your name, miss?” she asked.
“Princess, I’m your personal maiden, Tabitha,” she replied.
“Oh I’m sorry Tabitha, you look different today. Maybe it’s the way you have your hair done. Anyway, I’m ready to go to bed for the night.”
Tabitha helped her put on her night clothes, and asked, “Is there anything else I can do for you, Lady Grace?”
“No, I am tired. I will see you in the morning,” Lucinda replied.
Lucinda lay in bed thinking about her parents and her brother, Caleb. She wondered if she was going to ever see them again. What were her parents thinking, about her being gone for so long?  Would she ever make it home? So many thoughts came to her, with so few answers. Before long, she fell asleep.
Chapter Four
The next day, Lucinda was awakened by the sun shining in the window. She opened her eyes and regained her vision to see that she was still in the castle. She didn’t know whether to be excited or disappointed. She was startled by a knock at the door.
“It’s I, Princess Grace. Chadwick.”
She put on her robe and hurried to the door. She opened it slightly to peek her head out.
“Give me a minute to get dressed, and I will meet you in the chapel.”
She closed the door behind her and quickly changed her clothes. Princess Grace’s clothes fit her like a glove. She must have had the same figure as the princess. What other reason would the clothes fit so perfectly? She walked at a fast pace down the hall and down the stairs to where the chapel was.  
“Hello, Princess Grace,” Chadwick said as he bowed.
“Would you stop that? You know I’m not she,” Lucinda said with a smile.
“I’ve got a surprise for you today,” he said as he gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Lucinda was enthusiastic about the idea that she had a boyfriend---one who came with a surprise for the day.
“What is it? I love surprises,” she said excitedly.
“All right. First sit down.”
After she took a seat, he finished his thought. “I’m going to take you to a celebration. It is a jousting competition for nobles, and knights. You are going to be my guest at the tournament. Or we might need to say, I will be your guest at the tournament. After all, my lady, you are the princess.  That way we can get better seats.”
“A real jousting competition, that sounds like a hoot. I’m in. What type of clothes do I need to wear?” she asked.
“Your dress is perfect. Keep in mind, though, it may become gory. These knights fight to win, either by dismemberment or killing. They are serious,” he explained.
“What time does it start?” she asked. 
“Soon, so let’s get going” he replied. He took her hand and hurried down the hall to the front gate.
“I will have to follow you the rest of the way. You are nobility and I am merely your servant today. Don’t worry, I’ll show you the way,” he pointed toward the cobblestone path that led out of the castle grounds.
On the way, they decided to take a shortcut through a fascinating garden. Once inside the garden, they faced a large white tiger coming toward them.
“Don’t move, my lady.  She might charge towards you,” Chad said as he held his hand to block Lucinda.
The tiger walked slowly toward her as if she were on the prowl. Her teeth shone brightly and her eyes beamed yellow from the sun.
“Who are you? You don’t belong in my yard,” she snarled.
“Hello. I’m Princess Grace and this is my castle,” Lucinda said with a quavering voice.
“Ha. Ha. This is not your castle and you are not Princess Grace,” she growled.
“Why do you not think I am Princess Grace?” she asked.
“Princess Grace looks nothing like you, and she talks nothing like you. You are some imposter. You are lucky I’m in a good mood. I would have eaten you by now,” she meowed.
“Can you tell me your name? My name is Lucinda and this is my friend, Chadwick,” she said.
“I’m Charla. The king put me in this garden about a year ago.”
“Oh, that makes sense, Charla after Charlemagne. So nice to meet you, Charla.”
“Well it is about time. I was waiting for someone to be nice to me,” she purred. “Where are you two headed?”
“We are heading to the jousting competition. We have to hurry, but we will come talk to you again,” Chad said as he motioned for Lucinda to move toward the left.
“You better come see me. I don’t have any friends and I will be lonely out here,” she purred.
Chad and Lucinda hurried to the tournament so they wouldn’t be late. 
“What do you make of the talking tiger?” Chad asked. “I don’t know, but nothing seems to amaze me here,” Lucinda replied. As they arrived, Lucinda stopped to take in the view. 
Several knights were lining up to be placed in an order. Peasants were feeding the horses and brushing their manes. One young damsel came and showed them to their seats. She bowed and returned to usher others to their seats.
“Wow, I feel special here. So nice to sit on a throne. At least, it feels like a throne up here. Why do those people have to stand down there?” she asked.  
“Those people are peasants and you are nobility. Only people of noble blood are allowed up here, unless they are a personal servant to your majesty, such as I am playing.”
“Chad, explain this sport to me. I’ve seen fake tournaments before. But this is really different.  What is this competition all about?”
“Jousting is a sport of true courage. It requires a knight and faithful horse. The knights gallop toward each other at a fast pace. Then, when they are close enough, they point their lance and try to knock off the other rider. Only the bravest knights in the land come and compete. I hope I can be one of them someday.”
“I believe you will be a great knight one day. I just fear I won’t be able to see it, especially if I find my way home,” she responded. Trying not to cry, Lucinda glanced at him and then back to the knights lining up to start the competition.
The competition had a total of twenty knights forming ten matches. Each knight was dressed in a full coat of armor, a shield, and a long lance for his weapon. The horses had their own special attire. They were dressed in a cloth similar to the knight’s colors. It covered the horse from head to tail.  
Lucinda was glad she was able to see the real thing, although two knights lost their lives and four were injured at the competition. As she watched the judges announce the winners and hand out their tokens, peasants and damsels walked in front of her, bowing. She heard someone yell, “God save the King!” King Charlemagne wasn’t in attendance, which brought some relief to Lucinda. She was afraid he would be watching her every move.

Chapter Five
After the tournament was over, Chadwick and Lucinda stopped by the garden on the way back to the castle. They wanted to say hi to Charla. She was so glad to see them that she didn’t want them to leave. Chadwick promised that he would return to see her soon. Lucinda couldn’t make that promise, for she didn’t have a clue if she could return or not. She hoped that she would be able to find her way back home shortly.
“Bye, Charla. I’m going to miss you a lot. I doubt I will be able to come and see you again.”
“I know, Lucinda. You are homesick, I bet. Maybe one day we can meet again,” Charla purred.
Lucinda and Chadwick headed back to the castle. Lucinda was afraid of Charlamagne finding out, that she had been gone. When they arrived at the castle, several guests were in attendance. Dinner had been set in the great hall. Lucinda was frightened, for she knew that she wouldn’t recognize anyone.
“Don’t worry, I’ll help you tonight,” Chad said, reassuring her.
Knights in their uniforms were gathered around the king. Two young maidens were cuddling up to the king. The young women had to be in their twenties. The king was much older, perhaps in his forties. He had a wide waistline and broad shoulders. The women were grasping at him, only because they knew of his title and rank. She knew they couldn’t have been attracted to him, for he was nothing to look at.
He noticed Lucinda coming into the room.
“Princess Grace, at last. Come and meet your guests.” He spoke very loudly, and slurred his speech. He held up his mug and toasted to the winner of the tournament.
“To my first knight, you have made me proud.” Then the king walked to the head table to take a seat.
Chad followed Lucinda to the table and stood behind her.
“Can I get you anything, my lady?” he asked.
“Nothing, now, but stay close,” she replied.
“Yes, Princess Grace,” he said.
The servants brought food to the tables, and everyone took a seat. Lucinda was astonished at the amount of food that was placed before her. It must have taken hours for the cooks to prepare such a large feast. She couldn’t eat much, for watching everyone around her. The king used his fingers to tear off chicken from the bone. He smacked his mouth as he chewed his food. Lucinda rolled her eyes in disgust. After a few minutes, a group of musicians came and played for the crowd. They played horns, trumpets, whistles, bells, and even drums. The celebration became very lively and festive. Dancers came out with colorful costumes made of some sort of natural fiber, animal skin and cotton. They held long colorful crocheted fabric to dance with. Lucinda was disgusted looking at the way the men acted when they saw the dancers.
Everyone, except Lucinda and Chadwick, was drinking some sort of alcoholic beverage. Lucinda could smell the stench of stale beer fill the room. A couple of knights jumped up and competed with swords and knives. The loser was not too happy and was carried out of the room.
The party lasted for hours. Lucinda had seen enough and decided to leave. Chadwick followed behind her.
“Chad, I had fun with you today. But, I’m very tired and weary. I think I will retire for the night and get some rest,” she said.
“I have had a lot of fun with you, too. I hope we can have more fun escapades before you have to leave,” he replied.
“I hope so too, but I am really starting to miss my family. I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said as she gave him a quick kiss on his cheek, making sure no one saw them. She headed upstairs and to her room. She fell asleep before she had time to change her clothes.
Chapter Six
Lucinda was awakened early the next morning by the sound of a trumpet. She quickly changed her clothes and headed down stairs. She saw Chadwick coming toward her.
“What’s happening?” she inquired.
“Two Turk soldiers have breached the castle walls. Follow me. I know where we can hide until they find them.” He insisted on taking her hand.
He led her down the long passageway and through the storage room. He pulled a tall shelf from the wall to create a tiny entrance. He grabbed two candles from the shelf and lit them. Then they entered the hole and Chadwick replaced the shelf. The tunnel was dark and damp. The candles provided just enough light to see where they were going. At the end of the tunnel was a small room. Two chairs were against a wall. A small table was in the corner. On it was some dried food, books, and more candles.
“Tell me what is going on, Chad,” Lucinda said.
“The Turks are soldiers from a village a few miles away. They hate our people. They are here looking for the king, or perhaps you,” he replied.
“Why would they be looking for me?” she asked.
“They are looking for Princess Grace, perhaps as a prisoner. A bargaining chip for their leader,” he responded.
“How long do you think we have to stay in here? It’s cold and damp and musty,” she said.
“They will sound the trumpet again when they capture the Turks. That is a way for us to know that all is safe. Don’t worry, Lucinda. I promise I won’t let anything happen to you. I have vowed my life for the king and his family. You are the king’s family right now.”
“That is nice for you to say. Somehow, I feel safe with you. I trust you. You have been nothing but kind and helpful since I’ve been here,” she replied.
Chad reached over to give her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She gave him one back and held his hand.
“Chad, I wish you could come with me when I go home,” she said with a sigh.
“That would be nice. Lucinda, tell me what your world is like,” he inquired.
“My world is much different from this one. We have things that you could not even imagine. We have things like electricity and automobiles. We can flip a switch and have instant light. We can turn a key and be able to drive a car at a fast pace, much faster than a horse. We can get miles and miles away within minutes.”
“Your world seems nice, but scary. Are you not afraid to live in that world?” he asked.
“No, but it is much calmer in your world,” she replied.
“Even though we have soldiers hunting for you and wanting to make war with our people?” he asked.
“Yes, because in my world, there are still wars fought and people who are your enemies. That part hasn’t changed and will never change,” she replied. 
After a few minutes, a trumpet sounded.
“They have caught the Turks. Let’s get out of here,” Chad said.
Lucinda followed him out the dark tunnel into the storeroom.
“Chad, I was thinking about the tournament yesterday. It was neat watching those knights and their horses competing against each other. I was wondering if you could teach me to ride a horse. I’ve always thought horses were charming. But I’ve never been around anyone who owned a horse. Do you think you could teach me?”
“Yes. I don’t know what the king would say, but maybe he won’t find out. So, yes, it would be my pleasure.”
Lucinda followed Chad out of the castle entrance to the back, where the stables were.
“I’ll let you ride Pegasus. She is very gentle and tame. You shouldn’t have any trouble with her.”
As they entered the stable, she saw several horse stalls lining the stable wall. There were horses of different colors. Most of them were tall with a height of 17 hands. When they arrived at the stall for Pegasus, Chadwick opened the gate and motioned for Lucinda to enter.
“This is Pegasus. She is four years old today. Rub her coat and let her get to know you, first.”
Lucinda stroked the mare’s long mane and fed her an apple that Chad handed her.
“I think she likes you,” Chad said.
“I hope so. I don’t want her to buck me off,” she said.
“Don’t worry, she won’t,” he said.
Pegasus was 15 hands tall with a white coat. She weighed about a thousand pounds. She had long hair on her legs called feathers. She was a very beautiful horse.
Chad attached the saddle onto Pegasus and secured it tightly. The saddle didn’t have stirrups and Chad had to assist Lucinda onto the horse. Lucinda sat sidesaddle due to her long skirt that touched the ground. Chad handed Lucinda the reins and jumped onto the back of the horse. She thought it was very impressive that he was able to get onto the horse without using stirrups.
Chad took the reins and kicked the horse, so she started galloping at fast pace. Lucinda was afraid she would fall off, but enjoyed the ride. The countryside was exquisite to look at. The castle remained in view at their side. Lyonesse’s appearance was very fair to look upon with its foundation made entirely of the finest materials. The palace was the envy of every other noble in the land of France. 
The fields had a brilliant greenish hue with a variety of different trees and bushes covering the landscape. A tall stately oak tree stood a few feet in front of them. To the right, Lucinda saw several apple trees, and some small crouching peach trees. Lucinda followed Chad through the orchard. Then after a few minutes they came to an area of dense woods, which led to a small clearing. He assisted her off the filly and pointed upward. A large wooden tree house was in perfect view. The tree house was made of sturdy wood. Green moss and small vines covered the outside. It would be almost impossible to see from a distance.
“This is where I used to go to escape everything. I would come up here and read and sometimes sleep. Would you like to see it?” he asked.
“Sure, it might be fun. Is there a way up there? I don’t see a ladder,” she said.
“Sure, just wait here,” he instructed.
Chad grabbed a rope on the other side of the tree and climbed up it within seconds. He let down a wooden stand and instructed her to jump on top of it. She did as he said, and he whisked her up.
Lucinda was overwhelmed by the view. She could see the castle and a small town toward the north. The inside of the tree house was small, but had room enough for them to walk around. “I see why you like it here,” she said as she looked around.
“This is lovely. Did you build this?” she asked.
“No, it was built years ago, by my father. He gave it to me when I was very young. It is the only thing I have left that belonged to my father.”
Lucinda rubbed his back to console him.
“One time, I came here to escape the Turks. They saw me leave the castle grounds and followed me. I was able to lose them in the woods. I consider it my safe haven,” he said.
“Let’s go and ride some more. I really like to ride,” she said.
They mounted Pegasus. When they came to a small stream, Chadwick said, “Let’s get off here and let Pegasus take a drink.” The filly gulped the clear cold water as if she had never drunk any before. Chad and Lucinda sat by the side of the stream and listened to the sound of water trickling down some rocks. Birds whistled in the background.
“I wish we could stay by this stream forever. Nothing but the sound of the water swishing, and the cool breeze passing by,” she said.
She leaned her head back, so she could feel the wind blow through her hair. Up above, she saw white puffy clouds floating slowly by.
They decided to stay by the stream and watch the sun set. The sky became an arrangement of orange and reddish hues. The world around them disappeared as they lay back in the soft meadow.  The grass was soft and felt like a cushion underneath them. They didn’t worry about anything; they just relaxed and enjoyed their time together.
Chapter Seven
Lucinda was starting to lose herself in her new role as Princess Grace. She became the perfect princess, with the help of Chadwick. She learned to talk the right way, use the right words, and speak with elegant speech.   He taught her how to walk erect, and carry herself the way a princess should. The king didn’t seem to realize the differences between the real princess and Lucinda. He was focused on the matters of the kingdom and barely spoke to her, other than greeting her with, “Good morning, my daughter.” Every now and then he would stare at her, as if he was afraid of something.
Lucinda became a model princess. She was kind and gave her time to helping the poor and needy.  Often, she delivered food to peasants without her father knowing. She had her handmaidens make clothing, so she could give them to the unfortunate. Many people came to love and respect her. She started to love the people and wanted them to care about their country. She wanted to make a difference with them, and she did.
One day, Chadwick and Lucinda were having a picnic in the garden when they saw the tiger, Charla, coming toward them.
“Hello, my friends. How are you today?”  she purred.
“We are well. How are you?” Chad asked as he handed her some meat to eat.
“I’m fine. I am glad to see you. I have a story to tell you that I think you will find very interesting,” Charla said. “One day a year ago, I lived in the palace with King Charlemagne. But I wasn’t a tiger. You see I am Countess Hildegarde, the king’s wife,” she said.
“So that is what happened to you. It was rumored that he had you killed,” Chad said.
“No, he doesn’t believe in killing his wives, but he didn’t mind getting rid of us. He turned me into this tiger, so he could control me. You see, he was given magical powers for a day from a traveling gypsy. Thus, he made good use of his powers. First, he turned me into a tiger. Then, he took over the land of Tertry. So I need your help,” Charla explained. “How can we help?” Lucinda inquired.
“I’m glad you asked. Lucinda, I am the one who brought you here. I was given a magic box from the same gypsy. His name is Marco Salvador. One day, he was walking in the garden and I recognized him. At first, I started to eat him, because he had given the king powers. Then, I realized that it wasn’t his fault the king turned me into a tiger. Therefore, in place of my giving him his life, he gave me the box. Of course, Charlemagne doesn’t know about the magic box or me speaking to the gypsy.”
“Why haven’t you tried to get someone to help you before?” Chad asked.
“I needed someone who looked like my daughter, Princess Grace. I don’t know what he did with her. I think he sold her or something, but I have no way of finding out. That is where I need your help,” she said.
“What can we do?”
As Chad was speaking, a thought came to him. “Why hasn’t he tried to get rid of Lucinda, especially if he knows she is not the real one?”
“I think he believes she is the real princess. He just hasn’t figured out why she is back. I guess he is afraid to ask. Who really knows? I know I want to get to the bottom of this. Anyway, I need you to go get the box. In reward for your service, I will give you the gold that I have hidden. Lucinda, you will be able to go home, to your real world.”
Lucinda was glad she knew the truth of how she got here, and why she looked so much like Princess Grace. Now she felt uneasy. What kind of situation was she getting into? She wondered if she would be able to help the real princess and the countess. She was glad that there was a way to go home now. But how was the tiger going to pull it off? She knew she had to rely on her and wish for the best.
“How can we find the magic box?” Chad asked.
“After my request for help, the gypsy hid it in a safe place. He said when it rains, the rainbow will mark the spot of the treasure,” Charla responded.
“Why didn’t you tell us about this when you first saw us?” Lucinda asked.
“I didn’t know if I could trust you. So, I waited till I could know for sure. I see what type of person you are. You give to others and try to help others. I believe you are kind and trustworthy,” Charla said.
“Thanks for the compliment, and you can trust us. Do you want to come with us?” Lucinda asked.
“I would if I were younger, but I’m too old for the journey, and I’ll just slow you down,” she replied.
Chad and Lucinda understood why she wasn’t able to go with them; so they said their goodbyes and headed back to the castle.
The day was a warm day with the sun shining brightly. They knew that they had to wait for rain, so they could follow the rainbow. They tried to act as if nothing had happened, but Chadwick was on his guard. He didn’t want anything to happen to Lucinda, and he was going to make sure it didn’t. 
Chadwick and Lucinda decided to go to the marketplace that was near the castle grounds. There were several peddlers selling all types of merchandise on the streets. One blacksmith had several weapons laid out for trade. He had swords, catapults, trebuchets, and a ballista, which resembled a crossbow. Another peddler had different types of armor, such as a steel suit with chain links to protect areas the plate couldn’t. Lucinda was impressed by the construction of the weapons and suit of armor.
One lady saw Lucinda and mistook her for Princess Grace. She started bowing repeatedly and drew the attention of several others. Chadwick feared that he would not be able to protect her alone, if anyone sought to harm her. So he rushed her back to the castle.
Chapter Eight
After two days, Lucinda saw rain falling on her window sill. She got dressed with haste and headed downstairs. She searched the castle for Chadwick. He was in the kitchen, having the cook fix something to eat for their trip.
“Nice day for a trip. You realize we are going to get wet. I see you have on your hooded tunic.”
“Yes, I’m dressed warmly enough. Maybe, it won’t rain long. How are you this morning? You forgot to say hello,” Lucinda said.
“Sorry, my lady. Hello. How are you this morning?” Chad said.
“I’m just fine. I am eager and ready for this trip,” she replied.
“I wouldn’t be. Who knows how long our trip will take. I’ve never had to follow a rainbow before,” he said.
“Me either. So are we going to take Pegasus?” she asked.  
“Yes, you can ride her. I’m going to ride Silas, my faithful steed.”
Chad took Lucinda back to the stalls and Lucinda carried the food and supplies Chad had prepared. Lucinda talked to Pegasus and rubbed her coat, while Chad put the saddles onto the horses. Silas was about the same size as Pegasus. He was solid black and his coat shiny. Silas liked Pegasus and would try to show off by rubbing his hoof on the ground three times in front of her. He would jump and kick to let her know he was in charge.
“Isn’t that cute. He likes her, doesn’t he?” she asked.
“Yes, that is why we try to keep them apart. He likes her, but I don’t think she likes him as much.  Well, are you ready to go? Let me help you onto Pegasus.”
Chad helped Lucinda onto the horse and then jumped onto Silas with ease.
They headed out the stables onto the wet countryside. The rain had slowed to a slow drizzle, and the sun could be seen ducking out from behind the clouds. The weather was warm, with a cool breeze blowing in from the north. The horses enjoyed their ride in the muddy meadow, while Silas pranced around like he was on a date. Pegasus kept her nose in the air to show Silas she was not interested. They headed toward the south.
Less than two hours had passed when Chad and Lucinda saw a group of gypsies heading toward them.
“This doesn’t look good,” Chad said.
“Why, what is the matter?” Lucinda asked.
“Gypsies aren’t usually friends with nobility. They are usually enemies and always looking for trouble,” he said with disgust.
 Lucinda kept silent, trying to figure out why Marco was the friend of the countess.
As soon as the gypsies reached them, one of the leaders drew his sword.
“We want your horses. We can do this the easy way or the hard way. If you refuse and give us a fight, then there will be more trouble than you want. So do us both a favor and surrender your horses now,” the gypsy instructed. 
Lucinda and Chadwick did as the gypsy requested. They jumped off their horses.
“Do you have any gold with you? You look like you are a blue blood,” the gypsy said.
He had a colorful tunic and a hat with feathers dangling off the side. Costume jewelry embellished his neckline.
Lucinda was frightened but hoped to reckon with the leader.
“Sir, we do not carry any money. I am Princess Grace, the daughter of Countess Hildegarde. She is very good friends with Marco Salvador. Do you know him?” she asked.
The gypsy laughed. “Do we know Marco Salvador?”
Then he looked to his friends and repeated, “Do we know Marco Salvador?”
They all laughed, and then he looked back at them.
“Of course, I know him. He is my brother. Exactly how does the countess know him?” he inquired. 
“He is friends with the king. He did a service for him and for the countess,” Lucinda replied.
The gypsy thought for a while, then looked at them and said, “I guess, I can’t take your horses, since you are practically friends with my brother, now, can I. But, I want to give you a warning.  There might be others out there who will try to steal those magnificent creatures. But if they do, tell them you are friends with Tomas Salvador. I’m sure they will leave you alone.”
“Thank you, we appreciate it,” Chad said.
The gypsies returned their horses and headed off at fast speed toward the west.
“What a relief!” Chad said.
“You’re not kidding. I was so scared,” Lucinda said.
“You didn’t seem to be that scared,” he said.
“Well I was, trust me. We’ve wasted some time now. Let’s get going. I see the rainbow over there,” she said as she pointed toward the eastern sky.
They headed toward the rainbow and traveled for another two hours, when it appeared that the rainbow ended on top of a mountain side.
“Look, right there. That must be our destination,” Chad said as he pointed toward the mountain.
Lucinda agreed and they both smiled with excitement and anticipation.
When they got closer to the mountain, they saw a small cave. They jumped off their horses and tied them to a tree. Chadwick helped Lucinda climb up a hill to the opening of the cave. They were weary from their journey, so they sat down next to the cave to rest. They saw a large grey hawk circling overhead, as if he were protecting something. He dove downward toward them with increasing speed. Chadwick took out his sword and swung at the hawk, but the hawk kept coming down toward them.
“We better go inside. I don’t think he’ll quit till we move,” Chad said as he helped Lucinda up into the cave.
The cave was dark but it had a small amount of light coming inside from a small crack in the roof, allowing in just enough light to see where they were going.  They squeezed through a narrow cleft into a larger room.
“It is going to be difficult finding anything in here,” Chad said with frustration.
“I know, but we have to find it. So look around,” she said.
The walls were slimy and mucky, with rocks jutting out in different spots. Lucinda grabbed rock after rock, looking underneath, searching for the magic box. Chad climbed on top of a boulder, then started feeling on the top of a ledge near the roof.  At first nothing; then at the far corner of the ledge he felt something. He reached his hands farther into a gap in the wall, and pulled out the box.
The box was small and made of copper and weighed a lot. It had intricate and highly involved markings on it. Chad searched for a way to open the box and couldn’t find one. He tried to pry it open but was unsuccessful.
“Chad, you might not need to do that. After all, it is supposed to be magical. We might need to wait till we see Charla again. She’ll be able to open it,” Lucinda reasoned.
They headed out of the cave and looked around. The hawk was gone, but darkness drew nigh.
“We had better get you back to the castle, fast. I don’t know if we will be able to find our way back,” Chad said.
“Don’t worry, we’ll make it somehow,” Lucinda said reassuringly.
They jumped onto their horses and rode toward the castle as fast as they could. Before long, fog filled the air, making it harder to see where they were going. Chad felt desperation, but he saw the magic box glowing from his saddle. He slowed his horse to a steady trot. Lucinda slowed her horse, so he could catch up to her.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“It’s the box. It’s glowing,” Chad replied.
“I see. It’s as bright as a lantern. Maybe it can show us the way home,” she said.
As Chad examined the box, trying to decipher why the light was coming from it, he replied, “Maybe.”
Lucinda watched Chad and said, “Let’s get going, the fog is clearing.”
They didn’t know how, but they made it back to the castle in less than an hour.
“This must be a magic box--- it helped us get home, and fast,” Chad said.
“We’ll go first light tomorrow to find Charla,” he announced.
“Fine by me, but I am tired now, so I’m going to take a bath and go to bed,” she replied.
Chad reached out to give her a hug and said, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Lucinda couldn’t sleep that night. She wondered what would become of her now. Would she be going back to today’s world or stuck in the past as the princess? She pondered the thought that she didn’t want to be separated from Chadwick. She knew she cared a lot about him, and didn’t want to lose him. She finally fell asleep in the early hours of the day.
Morning finally came, and Lucinda was still tired from her journey and lack of sleep. She dreaded getting dressed. But she slowly did and asked Tabitha to fix her hair. She walked down the stairs with hesitation.
Chadwick met her at the bottom of the stairs.
“Good morning, my grace,” he said.
“Funny. Good morning, my sir,” she said as she curtsied. Chad took her hand.
“I couldn’t sleep all night. I was afraid of what might happen today. I stayed awake all night looking at the box, wondering what was in store for us today.”
“Me, too. I really care about you, and I don’t want to lose you. All we can do is hope for the best,” she replied.
He reached out and pulled her closer to him. He gave her a tight hug and kissed her mouth.
“I care about you, too. But you are right, we have to hope for the best,” he replied. 
Chapter Nine	
Charla was playing in a small water hole when Chad and Lucinda approached her.
“Good Day, Countess,” Chad said.
“Yes, it is a very good day, especially since you are here. Ah, I see you have the box!” Charla exclaimed. 
“I do. But, before I give it to you, can you explain to me what you are going to do with it?” he inquired.
“I’m not going to do anything. I am a tiger still. I need you to do the task,” she replied.
“What task? What do I need to do?” he asked.
“I need you and Lucinda to take the box to the castle. When you see the king, you need to ask an audience from him in private,” she replied.
“What then?” he asked.
“I need for Lucinda, as Princess Grace, to demand for him to tell her where the real Princess Grace is,” she purred.
“What, are you crazy? He might hurt her. Besides, how will we ever get him to speak the truth?” he inquired.
“Chad, the box is magical. He will have to speak the truth. The box demands it. Also, it will protect you from him. If he so much as sneezes, the box will turn him into anything you ask. You can make him become a tiger, or a toad,” she said as she purred.
“Are you sure this will work?” Chad asked.
“Yes, I know it will. I need your help, my daughter needs your help--- please help us,” she pleaded.
“Of course, I will do whatever needs to be done. But why can I not do this without Lucinda there?” he asked.
“Remember, I had to bring Lucinda here, because she looks so much like the real princess. If she is not there, than he can lie to you and the box will not know any difference. Therefore what he says, the box interprets as the truth. So do you understand now?” she asked.
“Yes, my lady. I understand,” he replied.
“Chad, I will need one more favor,” she asked.
“What?” he asked.
“I will need you to ask the king to break the curse. So I can become the Countess again and have my life back, instead of living the rest of it as this tiger.”
“As you wish. We will go now, but first tell me when you will give Lucinda back her real life?” he asked.
“I will send her back when you give me the news of my daughter, and break the curse.”
“Agreed. We will see you soon,” Chad said as he waved goodbye.
It didn’t take long for Chad and Lucinda to find the king. He was in his private chamber. Chad knocked on the door and the king spoke.
“Who’s there?”
“It is I, Chadwick. I need to ask an audience with you, my lord.”
“What is this about?” the king inquired.
“It’s about your daughter and the countess,” he replied.
“Come in,” the king said. 
Lucinda and Chad entered the door, and Chad shut it behind them.
“What is the meaning of this?” the king snapped.
“Hello, your majesty. I am Lucinda and I know you have done something to Princess Grace. I demand you to tell me the truth,” Lucinda replied.
Chadwick was shocked at the courage of Lucinda and her manner of speech. The king was surprised that Lucinda was not his real daughter. He thought she had escaped the arms of Lord Rufus.
To his surprise, he spoke the truth. 
“I sold her to Lord Rufus, Duke of Normandy. He is the son of King William, the Conqueror. She resides with him in his castle at Normandy.”
“Why did you sell her to him?” Chad inquired.
“We made a bargain. He offered me five hundred pounds for her. So, I agreed. Also, he told me that he would support me if I ever had to go to war with the Turks.
“So you sold your own daughter for five hundred pounds. You are one cold man,” Lucinda exclaimed.
“There is one more thing we need you to do. I need you to recant the curse on Countess Hildegarde. She is tired of being a tiger,” Chadwick said.
The king didn’t want to recant the curse, but felt very powerful forces making him.
“All right, I recant my wish. I want Countess Hildegarde to become a person again,” he said.
Chad and Lucinda headed toward the door, when they heard the king.
“Now what are you going to do with me?” he asked.
“We are going to let the countess deal with you. You are her problem, now,” Chad responded.
As they walked down the stairs toward the front door, the door swung open. There stood Countess Hildegarde in human form.
“Countess. We are glad to see you,” Chad said.
“Yes, I am glad to meet you, finally,” Lucinda said.
“I am glad to meet you face-to-face. When you are a tiger, your vision is a little distorted,” she replied.
Chad handed the box to the countess.
“Here is your magic box, my lady. Princess Grace has been sold to Lord Rufus, Duke of Normandy.”
“Oh yes, I know him well. He is well known for his crude leadership. Here is the gold I promised you,” she said as she handed him the money.
“Thank you. This is enough to buy my own castle,” he responded.
“I wonder if you will still help me. I still need someone brave to go with me to get Grace back.  The box should help us with this. First, we need to get into his castle and get an audience with him. Then, it should be easy from that point,” she said.
“I will help you. I wouldn’t feel right, leaving Princess Grace in the hands of Lord Rufus. There is no telling what he is capable of,” Chad replied.
“As for you, Lucinda, are you ready to go home?” she asked.
“Yes, I’m ready, but let me go with you to get Grace back. I wouldn’t feel right leaving now. At least, till I know she is safe. It would be nice meeting someone who looks identical to me,” Lucinda said.
“Lucinda, we can’t allow you to come. It might be unsafe for you. I don’t know what I would do if I allowed anything to happen to you. So please, I beg you, return now while it is still safe,” Chad said.
“As you wish, but please be careful. You mean so much to me, too,” she replied.
She reached over to Chad and gave him a long-lasting embrace. “I’m really going to miss you.  Thanks for all your help. I won’t ever forget you,” she cried.
“And I won’t ever forget you, either. I adore you, Lucinda,” he replied. Lucinda looked at Countess Hildegarde and said, “I’m ready to go home, now.”
“All right, close your eyes and think about the last place you were before you came here.”
Lucinda closed her eyes and imagined being back on the airplane with her mom and dad. With a quick jerk, Lucinda was awakened from her dream. She opened her eyes and saw she was back on the plane. She was happy to see her mom and dad sitting next to her. She thought to herself, I know it wasn’t a dream. It was real, and nothing will make me think otherwise.
She wanted to tell her parents all about her adventures as Princess Grace; but she decided to keep it to herself as they may not believe her. The plane reached the final descent and she looked out the window. Rome seemed like it was very large. She saw many small lights surrounding the city, as far as the eye could see. The flight touched down at eleven p.m. She was glad to be getting off the plane. There was a six-hour time difference from the United States to Italy.
After the plane landed, several passengers rushed the aisle, hoping to be the first off the plane. Caleb was waiting at the gate for their arrival. Lucinda was so happy to see him; she dropped her luggage and ran to greet him.
“Hey big brother, how are you?” she asked as she reached around him to give him a hug.
“I’m fine. Boy, have you changed. You’re growing up, little sis,” he replied.
As he was speaking, Lucinda noticed a young man standing next to him. Caleb saw her look at his friend and introduced him.
“Lucinda this is one of my buddies, Chad Collins. Chad this is my baby sister, Lucinda.”
“Nice to meet you, Lucinda,” Chad said as he reached his hand out for her to grasp.
Lucinda was so dumbfounded by his appearance, she couldn’t speak. She thought that he looked just like Chadwick, the one she met in the castle. She stood as if she were in a trance.
“Lucinda, are you all right?” Caleb asked.
Lucinda came to herself and replied, “Yes, it is nice to meet you, too, Chad. I’m sorry; you look like someone I know.”
“It’s funny, I know we’ve never met, but you do look familiar to me, too,” he said as he smiled.
Lucinda knew she was staring at her future boyfriend. Fate had stepped in and given her what she wanted most, and that was Chad. Whether he remembered her or not, it didn’t matter; he was the same guy, and she was determined that he would be hers.
Chapter Ten
Lucinda was happy to be in the Eternal City of Rome with her family and with the one she loved.  She wished he remembered her, but how could he? He was at the palace, Lyonesse, in body and spirit. She decided she would have to find a way to get him to fall in love with her all over again. The first time was easy. He thought she was a princess and she was a damsel in distress. What kind of guy wouldn’t want to rescue a girl like her when she really needed him? Lucinda thought to herself, maybe it wouldn’t be so difficult to get Chad to fall in love with her; after all, they were in a country made for romance.
They were going to stay in Rome for a couple of nights to see the Colosseum, the Vatican, the Pantheon, and the Castel Sant’Angelo. Then they would travel to Pisa to see the sights. The Piazza del Duomo was top on the list, because it showed true medieval architecture, which influenced building design in the 11th to 14th centuries. Maria always wanted to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa. The tour would end at Camp Davy, where Caleb was stationed, which was located in the Province of Pisa, near Pisa and Livorno.
It was late and they were exhausted from their trip. The first order of the day was to find their hotel and rest. Maria had booked the Palazzo de Veneto the month before. The Palazzo had thirty-five guestrooms with a pool, spa tubs in each room, free Internet, and a complimentary breakfast. The rooms had the finest linens with one’s own personal bathrobe. The rooms were equipped with a flat screen television hooked up to Satellite. Lucinda didn’t care about the amenities, just that her bed was soft and cozy. She jumped into her warm, comfortable bed and was asleep within minutes.
The next day came much too quickly. Maria and Robert had planned out the entire day to make sure they could fit in every possible site of the city. The Vatican was much more interesting than Lucinda had thought it would be, which housed several museums, the Sistine Chapel, and the tomb of St Peter. Lucinda tried to stay as close to Caleb and his friend at all times. She hoped to elicit as much conversation as possible, so Chad could get to know her better. She thought she knew everything about Chad’s character from when he lived in the year 1200 A.D---or did he?
She knew she didn’t know the present-day Chad, and looked forward to discovering his qualities and attributes. Everything she knew and saw at this point was something she liked. His eyes were still mesmerizing. She could fall into a trance looking at them. It was so hard for her to keep her composure. She wanted to kiss him, but didn’t want to kiss him until he was ready. After all, she didn’t want him to think she was a complete lunatic.
Chapter Eleven
Maria and Robert wanted to spend some alone time together, so Caleb suggested that Lucinda, Chad, and himself go to explore some of Pisa alone. They decided to go to the famous Caffe dell’Ussuro for dinner. After ordering, Caleb retreated to the men’s room and left Lucinda and Chad alone.
“So, how are you liking Italy?” Chad inquired.
“It’s very interesting. Are you from Italy?” Lucinda asked.
Chad chuckled and replied, “No, why would you think that?”
“I just thought, since you were at the base with my brother, and you do have that Italian look to you, that you were from here,” she replied.
“No, I’m actually from the same place you are: Alabama. However, I do have some ancestors from France. My parents said my genealogy traced back to royalty. Ha, Ha. Wouldn’t that be funny, me a prince.”
“Something tells me, you would be a great prince.”  Lucinda smiled as she looked into his eyes. “Did anyone ever tell you, you have beautiful eyes?” she said.
“Thanks, that’s a nice compliment. Do you hand those out freely?” he asked.
“No, only when it is the truth. Chad, I’m usually not this forward. But, it seems like we have met before. I know that is not realistic, but it’s easy to talk to you,” she said.
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I feel the same way. The first time I saw you, it felt like we had met before. I haven’t had this kind of feeling before for anyone. I know, it’s weird, right?” he said.
“No, it’s not weird. I feel the same,” Lucinda said.
“Can I ask you a question? How old are you?” he asked.
“I’m sixteen, but my birthday is in a couple of months. Why do you ask?” she said.
“I was just wondering if you were my age, and if your parents, or Caleb, would object to my writing you when you return to the States.”
“I don’t know about Caleb, but my parents allow me to date, so they shouldn’t object,” she replied.
At that time, Lucinda saw Caleb walking toward them.
“Chad, let’s wait to tell Caleb, because I don’t want anything to interfere with your friendship with him. We can always tell him later,” she said.
“I agree,” Chad replied as Caleb sat down.
“What were you two talking about? Did I miss anything?” Caleb asked.
“Nothing, really. Just how much we both enjoy Italy,” Chad replied.
“Yeah, it’s really nice,” Lucinda agreed.
“Well, maybe we can all come back here sometime in the future. Lucinda, did you know Chad was from Alabama?” Caleb asked.
“Yes, he told me,” she replied.
Lucinda gazed across the table, mesmerized by Chad’s eyes, his smile, his facial expressions. Chad tried to take quick glances at Lucinda without Caleb realizing what he was doing. She would smile in return. Caleb was oblivious to the fact that Chad was infatuated with his little sister.
“Chad, you’ll have to come to Alabama for a visit soon. I’m planning on taking leave in a couple of months--- maybe you can request a leave, too. You always said you wanted to see where I grew up,” Caleb said.
“Yeah, that would be good. Then I can go and see my folks for a little while, too,” Chad said.
“What town are you from?” Lucinda asked.
“I’m from Cullman. It is not that far from Birmingham,” Chad replied.
“Yes, I’ve been there. It’s a cute little town. We went to see the Ava Maria Grotto there. It was pretty neat seeing all of those tiny little buildings that replicated Jerusalem,” Lucinda said.
The three of them spent the rest of the evening at a dance club.  Chad tried to act interested in other girls, while Caleb prowled the room for a date. When Caleb was out of sight, Chad approached Lucinda.
 “Hey, do you want to go in there and talk?” he asked.
Lucinda nodded yes and led the way. The next room was a little quieter than the larger one. The music could be heard, but with less intensity. A lounge chair sat in the corner, and the room was empty.
“I’m glad we could find some time alone so we could talk,” Chad said.
“Me, too. Chad, I’ve been thinking about something you said earlier.”
“What?” he asked.
“You said your family genealogy traced back to France, and you have family who were of royal blood,” she replied.
“Yeah, what about it?” he asked.
“I was just wondering what kingdom or king that you were traced back to,” she said.
“Someone, I forget who, said we were related to King Charlemagne or someone in his family. Evidently, one of my relations married his daughter, and therefore married into the family,” he replied.
Lucinda was surprised by his answer. Things were starting to make sense to her. Maybe he wasn’t the real Chadwick, but one of his descendants, she thought. She didn’t know whether to be upset by Chadwick marrying Princess Grace, or happy she was with Chad. 
“That is very fascinating. I believe you are related. You carry yourself very well,” she said.
“Thanks again for the compliment, but you really don’t have to keep paying me one. I am a simple boy who is falling for a beautiful girl.”
“Now who is giving the compliments,” she laughed.
“I guess you got me with that one. But, what I said is completely true,” he replied.
“So, are you going to come to Alabama with Caleb for a visit?” she inquired.
“Wild horses couldn’t keep me away” he said with a smile.
He reached out his hand and grabbed hers. They spent a couple of hours staring into each other’s eyes and holding hands. Small talk was made, but not necessary. They felt comfortable just being with each other. Lucinda was more sure now that he was going to be her future husband, and that fate had been kind to her. She knew that was the only reason that this present-day Chad, was with her today in Italy.
Chapter Twelve
Lucinda was exhausted by the long day, but excited that Chad had feelings for her. She knew it was going to be difficult for her to go to sleep. Maybe, I should talk to my mom about this. After all, I don’t want them to be shocked when they find out we are together. At least, if I tell them, they’ll have some time to accept it, instead of freaking out in front of everyone, she thought as she headed to her parents’ room.
“Mom, dad, do you have a few minutes?” she asked.
“Of course, sweetheart. What can we help you with?” Maria asked.
“Mom, I want to tell you something so you will not get upset when you find out some other way. Chad and I like each other. He is going to write me letters and come for a visit in a few months,” she said.
“Are you sure he likes you, too, Lucinda?” Robert asked.
“Yes, dad. He likes me, too. But we both know that we live hundreds of miles away. Still, he is from Alabama. When he gets out of the military, he’ll move back. So it won’t be like that forever,” she replied.
“What does Caleb think about all of this?” Maria asked.
“Nothing. We are not going to tell him right now. Caleb and Chad are friends. We don’t want anything to ruin that. So I hope that we can keep this between us. All right?” she said.
They all agreed to keep it quiet for the time being.
The next morning it was time to go to Camp Davy. Lucinda hated the idea of leaving Chad and Caleb there. She didn’t want to spend a minute away from them. Caleb and Lucinda had always been very close. He was her protector when they were young. He stood up to her parents on her behalf many times. He guarded her like a watch dog when others came over. She loved him for his compassion, caring, and giving heart. Caleb was like no other person she had ever met. He would give away his possessions for the needs of others.
Now Chad had become very important to her. She saw his gentleness, kindness, and decent qualities---qualities she hoped for in her future husband. He was gorgeous, too, which helped. In her heart, she knew he was her soul mate. 
Camp Davy was highly guarded in the secret neighborhood of Livorno. The base housed over two thousand troops. The scenery was glorious, with attractive landscapes and tall mountains. On the top of one mountain, Lucinda saw a splendiferous waterfall cascading down with great intensity. She could hear the sound of water flowing over the precipice and hitting the basin below. An eagle screeched as it flew around in circles overhead.  
The guard at the gate reviewed their passports and Caleb’s identification badge, then motioned them through. Caleb was busy giving directions to his dad on where the barracks were, while Chad held Lucinda’s hand in secret. Chad pulled her hand to his lips, then pulled it down to the seat.
After a few minutes, they arrived at their barracks.
“Sorry, mom, dad, you’re not allowed to go in. We have to say our goodbyes here,” Caleb said.
Caleb, Maria, and Robert got out of the car to hug each other, while Chad gave Lucinda a quick kiss on the lips. He smiled and jumped out of the car with extra energy. Lucinda stuck her head out the window and motioned for Caleb to come over.
 “Bye. I love you. I’ll see you soon,” she said.
“I love you, too. Be careful,” he replied.
Caleb and Chad headed into their home while they waved goodbye.

Chapter Thirteen
It was time to head home. Lucinda hated the thought of leaving Caleb and Chad. She felt like she was losing Chad for the second time. She tried not to cry, but tears flowed like rain.
She dreaded the long trip home. She thought, Another day wasted, because of the long flight. The plane taxied down the runway and left with a bumpy takeoff. It ascended to ten thousand feet and the captain turned off the “buckle your seatbelt” sign.
“Thank goodness!” she exclaimed.
She got up to go to the bathroom with hesitation. What if that happens again, she thought. No, it couldn’t possibly. So, she went to the back of the plane and opened the bathroom door. She was again scared by the flush of the toilet. She washed her hands and reached for the door to the cabin. As she opened it, she peeped out in fear.  She feared that she would walk out into some distant, unknown world that she had entered before. Luckily, she was still on the plane.
As she walked back to her seat, thoughts of Chad preoccupied her. She had a bad feeling in the pit of her chest. What if I never get to see him again? she thought. She felt an extreme sorrow come over her.  She didn’t know what she would do if she lost him for good. All she had to hold onto was the fact that he promised to visit Alabama with Caleb. Also, when he got out of the military, he would be moving back to Alabama. She planned to see him when he came home to Alabama. 
After arriving back in the states, Robert tried to keep Lucinda occupied. He had asked some of his friends to look for a job for her. He was well established in his community as a business owner and had several influential friends. Lucinda refused to go to work. She was afraid that she would miss a call from Chad, so she stayed home as much as possible.
She knew that he was meant for her. She had a strong belief that God had picked Chad to be her future husband. Although she was very young, she thought he was the one and she wasn’t going to let anyone stand in her way. She would wait as long as it took for Chad, and if that meant forever, then she would wait.
Chapter Fourteen
A few months passed and Lucinda was finally out of school for the summer. The intense heat of the summer made Lucinda wish she was anywhere other than home. The temperature was in the high nineties by ten in the morning. Lucinda got a thin t-shirt and shorts out to wear for the day. As she opened the front door to allow some sun to shine through, she felt a hot sensation hit her in the face. It didn’t take long before she could feel the sweat forming. She ran to the thermostat in the hallway and quickly set it to seventy-two degrees.
As she turned around, she heard voices in the living room. She didn’t know who was in the house, because her mother and father were at work until five. She tiptoed down the hall and peered around the corner to observe Caleb and Chad standing there. She ran to Caleb and gave him a huge hug.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“We decided we would surprise all of you. Where are mom and dad?” he inquired.
“They’re at work. If you had told us you were coming home, I’m sure they would have made arrangements at work,” she replied.
She turned around to see Chad looking at her with his piercing blue eyes.
“Come here Chad, give me a hug,” she said.
He was a little stunned, but complied with her request.
“So are you two hungry? Can I fix you something?” she asked.
“No, we ate at the airport. We were starving and couldn’t wait,” Caleb replied.
“Are you tired or thirsty or---” she said as Caleb interrupted her.
“Sis, quit making a fuss, we are fine. How is everyone else doing?”
“They are doing well. Come on, lets go sit down in the den,” she said.
Caleb and Chad followed her through the living room and kitchen to a small room in the back of the house.
“Have a seat, Chad,” Caleb said.
Lucinda asked question after question, not only to get answers, but because she was nervous to be around Chad. She wondered if he still had feelings for her. Any kind of feelings for her would show her there was a chance.
“Can you show me your restroom? I’ve been needing to go for about twenty minutes now, ever since we left the airport,” Chad asked.
“Of course, I’ll show you the way,” Lucinda obliged. She was glad to finally be alone with him, at least for a few minutes. She knew she had to develop a plan to separate Chad from Caleb for a little while, so she could spend some real time together with him. As they got out of earshot, Chad turned around and pulled Lucinda closer to him. 
“Did you miss me?”
“Of course. I was afraid you had forgotten me,” she replied
“Don’t be silly. You are all I have thought about for months. Caleb still has no idea of our feelings for one another, so we have to be discreet for now,” he said.
He gave her an affectionate kiss and then released her and entered the bathroom. Lucinda returned to the den to keep Caleb from becoming suspicious.
Chapter Fifteen
The next day, Caleb made plans to show Chad around Birmingham. Lucinda tagged along, so she could be closer to Chad.
“Birmingham is a booming city, full of industry, entertainment, and magnificent views,” Caleb said as he was driving down Interstate 65.
“What views are you talking about?” Chad asked.
“We have the best view of the city from Red Mountain. That is where the Vulcan Statue sits in Vulcan Park. They also have a museum.”
“That sounds great,” Chad replied.
“I know where we can go after that. We can go to the new Medieval Times show. They have a dinner and a show with jousting, where knights compete for the title of the king’s champion. It takes place in a castle and they wear full armor and have horses and so on,” Lucinda said.
“That sounds cool. I’ve always wanted to go to something like that,” Chad said.
“Well, I guess we’ve got our plans for the day. Lucinda, you might need to get on the phone and get us tickets before they sell out,” Caleb instructed.
“I’m way ahead of you, Caleb,” she replied.
It took about fifteen minutes to get to the top of Red Mountain. The park was full of visitors and Caleb had trouble finding a parking spot.
“Looks like we came on a bad day,” Caleb said.
“Well, we have all day, so let’s get out,” Chad said.
“Have you ever been here before?” Caleb asked as he looked at Lucinda.
“No, but I’ve always wanted to come here,” she replied as they walked into the museum.
After standing in line for ten minutes, they spoke to the clerk, who gave them information about the attractions.  
“You can go on a tour of the Vulcan and experience the history and architecture of Birmingham and its neighborhoods, or you are free to explore it on your own. The walking tour costs twelve dollars. If you want to visit our Linn-Henley Gallery at the museum and obtain admission to Vulcan Park, the tickets are six dollars.”
The three decided to take the walking tour and were ushered to a tour guide who began her speech with facts.
“The Vulcan was designed by Italian artist Giuseppe Moretti and cast from local iron in 1904. It weighs fifty tons and stands 56 feet tall. It is the largest iron statue in the world and the largest metal statue ever made in the U.S.”
After her quick speech, the guide took them on a tour that began with a visit to the magic city’s neighborhood to see the architectural design and beauty of its historic homes.  Then, the tour went on to the retail and theater districts and was highlighted by a look at the restored Alabama Theater. Last, the tour ended back at the Vulcan Park where the visitors were allowed to visit the museum’s art exhibits.
Lucinda and Chad lost Caleb in the Vulcan exhibit.
“Caleb wasn’t lying when he said the view from here was beautiful,” Lucinda said.
“Yes, it is beautiful, but not as beautiful as you,” Chad said.
“Chad, I like you a lot. You told me at the house that I was all that you had thought about. Well, the feelings are mutual. You are all that I have thought about these last few weeks. I couldn’t focus on my schoolwork or anything else. I am so glad you are here,” she replied.
“I’m glad you feel the same. But, I know we need to take things a little slower. I want Caleb to see how good we are together before we go telling him about us. So let’s try to keep things quiet about us for now” Chad said.
At that time, Caleb came around the corner.
“There y’all are. I’ve been looking everywhere for you two. Lucinda, what time are we supposed to be at the dinner show?” Caleb inquired.
“We have about an hour,” she replied.
“Well, it is going to take us that long to get there. Are y’all ready to go?” he asked.
Lucinda and Chad replied, “Yes.”
Lucinda looked around in the gift shop before heading out the front door.
“Finally! What took you so long?” Caleb asked.
“I was looking in the gift shop. I’m ready,” she replied.
As Caleb walked around to the other side of the car to get in, Lucinda handed Chad a present. Chad smiled and hopped into the back seat.
“Lucinda, you can ride in the front this time,” Chad said.
“Thanks,” she replied.
Chad opened the bag slowly and carefully, trying not to draw attention to himself. He pulled out a small Vulcan statue. The inscription read: Remember me.
Chapter Sixteen
“Just in time,” Caleb said as he pulled into the parking lot.
“Well, it looks like a real castle,” Lucinda said.
“I bet the tickets are high. How much?” Caleb inquired.
“Fifty-two dollars,” she replied.
“That’s not too bad, considering they feed you and everything,” Chad said.
As soon as they entered the arena, they were escorted to their seats. A loud trumpet was heard over the intercom and everyone starting cheering. Soon they heard a voice on the loud speaker say, “Welcome ladies and Gentlemen. We hope you will enjoy our show of bravery and honor. You will witness an epic battle of knights in a jousting tournament and marvel at great horsemanship and falconry. We have a full course meal fit for royalty which includes: a soup, oven roasted chicken, a spare rib, a potato with garlic bread, and a small pastry for dessert. You have your choice of any beverage. But I have to warn you. You must eat without any silverware. You will be transported back in time and must eat as they did in the Middle Ages. Now, let the show begin.”
The show started with an introduction of the king and his royal court. Then, the knights and their horses were introduced one by one, as they galloped around the arena with their flags raised. Soon, the prince came out to warn the king about the enemy. Battle broke out and the show began. Servers began at once to pass around drinks and bread.
“Chad, I’ve got to go to the restroom. I’ll be back in a minute,” Lucinda said.
“I’ll go with you. I’ve got to go, too,” Chad said.
The two headed up the stairs toward the restrooms. As they approached the bathroom doors, Chad said, “I’ll see you in a minute.”
Lucinda nodded as she walked inside. She hurried into the stall because she wanted to finish the same time as Chad so she could talk to him some before returning to her seat. When she was finished she headed out the bathroom door. She saw Chad walking out the men’s room.
“Something looks different. Where are we?” Chad asked as he looked at Lucinda. 
Lucinda was afraid to answer, for she knew she was back in the castle of King Charlemagne.
“We must have taken a wrong turn somewhere,” Chad said.
“No. I know where we are, and you are not going to believe me,” she said.
“Where?” Chad asked.
“We are not at the dinner show anymore,” she replied.
“Of course we are. We are still in the castle. At least it looks like the castle,” he said as he looked around.
“Yes, we are in a castle, but it is not the same one. We are at the palace of Lyonesse. We have traveled back in time,” she said.
Chad looked at her like she was crazy. “Are you all right? Did you eat something bad?” he asked.
“No, I’m telling you the truth. I know because I have been here before. Remember how you said that it seemed like we had met before? Well, we kind of did,” she said.
“Lucinda, you are scaring me. What in the world are you talking about?” he asked.
“Just follow me. I’ll prove it to you. Just keep quiet and don’t say a word,” she insisted.
She took him down the passageway to the princess’s room.
“Hello, my lady, can I get something for you?” Tabitha inquired, as she stared at their clothing.
“Where is Countess Hildegarde?” she asked.
“She is downstairs in the chapel,” Tabitha replied.
“Thank you, Tabitha,” she said as she closed the door. “Follow me, but remember not to say anything to anyone,” she instructed.
“How much did you pay for this?” Chad asked.
“I am telling you the truth. Just follow me and I’ll prove it to you.”
Chad followed her downstairs to the chapel. Countess Hildegarde was kneeling at the altar.
“Countess,” Lucinda said.
Countess Hildegarde rose up quickly and turned to see Lucinda.
“At last, you are here. I’ve been praying for your return. Chadwick, how---?” she said as she looked at Chad with bewilderment.
“Countess, this is Chad Collins. He is from my world. I know he looks just like Chadwick. You have called him here by mistake,” Lucinda said.
“You’re right, he is identical, all but his clothes,” Hildegarde said.
“Can someone tell me what is going on?” Chad asked, baffled.
“As I said before, we are not at the medieval Times castle. We have traveled back in time. Countess Hildegarde has prayed for me to return to the castle,” Lucinda said. “Countess, please clarify why you have summoned us here,” she said as she turned to look at Hildegarde.
“I’m so glad you are here. My daughter, Princess Grace, and her fiancé, Chadwick, are missing. The king has stolen my box and hidden it somewhere. So, I have no way of finding them. That is why I prayed for your return. I’m hoping you can help me.”
“I hope I can. Chad probably can help, too. He is a soldier in our military. He is a brave man and I know he can help us,” Lucinda replied.
“This is real?” Chad said with hesitation.
“Yes. Very real! You need to be careful. The king already knows I have traveled back in time before. But he has no way of knowing that you are from the future. Countess, we need some clothes, so we can look like we belong here,” Lucinda said.
“Right away. Follow me to my private quarters,” Hildegarde said.
Chapter Seventeen
Chad waited for Lucinda and the Countess in the chapel. He paced back and forth as if he were trying to make some sense of what was going on. He had to be wondering, how was it possible to travel back in time. 
  “Chad, did everything fit all right?” Lucinda said with a smile.
“No, everything didn’t fit all right. These are not normal clothes. These tights are riding up in places you don’t want to know,” he replied.
Lucinda giggled and smiled. “I know, this dress is not my idea of proper dress, either.”
Lucinda turned to Hildegarde. “What are your plans? How do you expect to get back the Princess and Chadwick?”
“I hoped you would have some ideas. I’ve tried to reason with the king, but he will not listen to me. He told me if I didn’t leave him alone, he would turn me back into the tiger.”
“You’re kidding, right?” Chad asked.
“Chad, we will explain everything to you later,” Lucinda said.
“Why not tell me now? This is my life and I’m living in some fantasy world, and I think I have a right to know what is going on.”
“You’re right, I’m sorry. We do owe you an explanation. Chad, this might seem strange, but I was brought here a few months ago by the Countess. You see, I look just like her daughter, Princess Grace.  King Charlemagne turned her into a tiger and put her into the garden.  He sold Princess Grace to Lord Rufus.” Lucinda turned to Hildegarde. “You’ll have to clue me in on how you and Chadwick got her back.” Then she finished telling her story. “So, the Countess prayed for someone to help her, and I was brought back in time I guess because I look like her.”
“So you’re telling me that she was a tiger,” Chad said with disbelief.
“I know it all sounds strange, but it is the truth,” Lucinda replied.
“How was she turned to a tiger?” he inquired.
“Well, a gypsy granted the king a wish for the day. So, that was one of the king’s wishes.”
“I don’t understand why he would turn you into a tiger,” he asked, looking at the Hildegarde.
“He doesn’t like me anymore, and he wants to control me. I guess you can say that I am pretty forward. I speak my mind, and it has gotten me into some deep trouble,” Hildegarde replied.
“So how did you get turned back into a human?” he inquired.
“Well, one day I saw Marco Salvador, the same gypsy who granted the king his wish. I started to eat him, but he gave me a magic box in place of his life.”
“A magic box,” Chad said with amazement.
“Yes, Chad, a magic box. Then, he hid it in a cave, until someone could help her. It has very powerful forces. It can make someone tell the truth.  It guided me and Chadwick home, one night, the night we went to the cave to find it.  Then we used the box to get King Charlemagne to turn the countess back into her own true self. I know it all sounds crazy, but it is the truth.”
“So, why was I brought here?” Chad asked
“Well, you look identical to Chadwick. Crazy, huh? Remember when you said that you had some ancestors that were related to the king? I believe we both are related to them, somehow,” Lucinda replied. 
“So how are we going to get the box back, and find Chadwick and Princess Grace?” Hildegarde asked. 
“I think we should play the roles of Princess Grace and Chadwick again. It will catch the king off guard, and we can search for the box. The box is our best bet for finding them,” Lucinda said.
“I don’t know anything about Chadwick,” Chad said.
“I know. We will tell you everything about him, so you will fit in perfectly. You do look just like him,” Lucinda said. Lucinda turned to the countess. “What about Sir Lassiter de le Naphtali?” Lucinda asked.
“What about him?” Hildegarde replied.
“Do you think he will suspect Chad as not being the real Chadwick?” Lucinda inquired.
“No. Besides, he is away on business right now. He will not be back for weeks. He is not the one you should be worried about. The king will have you killed if he finds out who you really are,” Hildegarde said.
“I know. That is why we need to act like we are the true Princess Grace and Chadwick, for our safety,” Lucinda said.
“I agree, but be careful,” Hildegarde said. 
Chapter Eighteen
Lucinda told Chad everything about Chadwick that she could think of.
“It sounds like you and he might have had something together,” Chad said with his eyebrow raised.
“We did. I’m not going to lie. That is why I was drawn to you, when I saw you,” she replied.
“Now, how are you going to feel when you see him?” he asked.
“Chadwick is from the Middle Ages. He is engaged to Princess Grace. Besides that, I’ve fallen in love with you. So it might be uncomfortable at first, but I know I want to be with you, not him.”
“I’m glad to hear that. But that doesn’t make me any less jealous,” Chad said.
“I know. It will take some time, but you will see that I only want you, and no one else. I am glad we are both here. Now you will see why I felt like we belonged together. And, you will see why you were drawn to me,” Lucinda said.
“Yes, I see your point. I am glad I am here with you. I hope we can help the countess and the princess.” 
“Me, too.”
“So we are going to play the role as the princess and this Chadwick fellow?” he asked.
“Yes, it worked before. Maybe the king will think we are they, and that they returned from wherever. In the meantime, he will leave us alone,” Lucinda said.
“How do you know that?” Chad asked.
“Because, when I pretended to be Princess Grace, he never bothered me. He knew he had sold her, but he probably thought she had escaped. I’m not certain, but I think he was afraid to say something,” she replied.
“I hope you are right,” he said.
“Anyway, we need to search everywhere for the magic box. That would be our best bet. If we had that, we could walk right up to him and ask him what he did with the princess and Chadwick. He wouldn’t be able to tell a lie,” Lucinda said.
“How do you know this?” Chad asked.
“Because that is what happened before. I told you, the magic box can make someone tell the truth.”
“Ah yes, I remember you saying that,” he said.
A trumpet sounded.
“It’s time for dinner. Are you ready?” Lucinda asked.
“Yes. Are you?” he asked.
“Yes, but remember, we are in 1200 A.D. That means you cannot address me as Lucinda or Grace. You must address me in a more proper way. For example, say ‘yes, your grace,’ or ‘yes, your majesty,’ or ‘yes, my lady.’”
“You’re loving this, aren’t you?” Chad said with a chuckle.
“Of course. Who wouldn’t?” Lucinda said as she held out her hand. “Now bow and kiss my hand.”
“You’re crazy,” Chad said.
“That is really how they do it here. Bow like this and kiss my hand,” Lucinda instructed.
“We are supposed to be engaged, right? Why couldn’t I address you more personally?” Chad inquired.
“First of all, they are not married yet. Second, the countess and king don’t even speak to each other in a personal way. She has to ask permission to have an audience with the king,” Lucinda replied.
“And you know this, how?” he asked.
“Have you not been listening? That is why he turned her into a tiger. She didn’t show him respect. She was too forward, as she said. So to put her under his control, he turned her into a tiger,” Lucinda said.
“Yeah, I see your point now,” Chad replied.
“Good. Let’s go to dinner,” she said. 
Chapter Nineteen
Chad caught on very well for his first appearance as Chadwick the squire. No one noticed any difference with his appearance or attributes. At least, no one said anything. Everyone had focused their attention on the countess. Countess Hildegarde had became a public spectacle in the weeks before. She had embarrassed the king with her rude speech and unladylike attitude. The countess lost her meek stature and respectable position with the nobles in the area. Many had heard of her outbursts with the king and thought she had lost her mind. No one believed her when she said that her daughter was missing. Even more so now at the dinner, with Lucinda playing the role of Princess Grace. The nobles, knights, and servants in attendance showed her respect in body only, but not in mind. They didn’t think she had the right to remain the king’s wife. They thought rebellious women were nothing but unruly barbarians and should suffer the consequences. The law during that time was part of the feudal justice system. The judicial power was given to the nobles and lords, with the king as the final authority. Any issues that arose in the lord’s manor went before the king, with his determination as the final say. No one ever questioned the king or went against his rule. At first, Countess Hildegarde was highly regarded when she came to marry the king at the palace. She was only twenty-five, and he was ten years her senior. She had been married before to William Onslow, the Earl of Normandy. He died in the battle of the Hundred Years’ War. So, she married King Charlamagne out of need. She kept her title as countess, since she was not officially born of noble blood.
“Princess Grace, you look lovely tonight. I have missed you greatly. Can I ask a request of you?” Lady Freeda said as she bowed.
“It is nice to see you again, too. Of course, you may ask me anything,” Lucinda replied, though she feared she might not be able to fulfill her request.
“Will you do me the honor of your presence tomorrow night at my home? Lord Ramsey said that he was sorry he couldn’t be in attendance, but asked me to invite you over for some tea,” Lady Freeda asked.
“I will try to make it, but I cannot make you any promises. Hopefully, I will see you tomorrow,” Lucinda replied.
Lady Freeda seemed shocked by the response and bowed as she backed away from Lucinda. Lucinda could hear Chad snickering in the background.
“Chadwick, would you mind going to the kitchen to fetch me some more cake. This is simply to die for.”
Chad didn’t seem too happy with her request, but replied with a “Yes”, trying not to draw any added attention. After a few minutes, Lucinda excused herself from the table and headed toward the kitchen.
“Lucinda, I think you are getting a kick out of my serving you,” Chad said, frustrated.
“Chad, I was afraid they would hear you laughing. I’m sorry if it came off the wrong way. Please don’t be mad at me,” she replied.
Chad rolled his eyes and looked at Lucinda. “All right, you’re forgiven. Just don’t do it again,” he said jokingly.
 “Lucinda, I think this is the perfect time to search the castle for the box,” Chad said.
“Now, with all these people here?” she asked.
“Yes, these people are staying downstairs with the king, and they are keeping him occupied.  Right now is the perfect time to search upstairs.”
“I guess you are right, and maybe the countess can keep the king occupied. Should we tell her, or just go ahead on our own?”
“Let’s go ahead and start looking. We can start in his room. It’s probably there. It would be the perfect place to hide it. Especially since his wife can’t go into his room without his permission,” Chad said.
Lucinda opened the bedroom door slowly, making sure his servants were not inside. Chad searched under his bed and under his clothing chest. Lucinda searched his private bathroom and the box was nowhere in sight.
“It’s not in here. Where else can we look?” Chad asked.
“I don’t know where else to look. He wouldn’t hide it in her room. We can search the kitchen and the storage room. I know where there is a secret room. Let’s search in there.”
Chapter Twenty
Chad followed Lucinda downstairs quietly, trying not to draw any attention. Soon, they reached the storage room and Lucinda showed Chad the secret room. She pulled a tall shelf from the wall and saw the entrance. She grabbed some candles and headed inside. Chad followed her.
“This is weird. It’s kind of spooky in here.”
“I know, but this is where they come to hide during times of invasion,” Lucinda said.
“How do you know about this place?” Chad asked.
“Chadwick brought me here once. The Turks had invaded the castle grounds and he brought me here till they caught them.”
“So you were alone here with Chadwick. Did anything happen between you and him?” Chad asked.
“We kissed, but that was it. He is more respectable than that,” she replied.
“Oh, so you are still in love with him,” he said.
“I cared about him, but now I’ve found you. I believe in fate. I believe you were meant for me and me for you,” she said.
“If you say so,” Chad said.
“What? You don’t think we were meant for each other?” Lucinda asked.
“I didn’t say that. I just question whether you really mean that,” Chad said.
“I’m not going to keep defending myself.  Either you can believe me or not.  I am tired of trying to convince you of how I feel. I think you have doubts about us, or you would not keep trying to find fault in me,” Lucinda replied.
“Now, you know I care about you. That’s ridiculous to say that. I’m not the one with some secret lover of the past,” Chad said.
“As you said, he is of the past. I am of the future, so please drop this before you say something that you are going to regret later.”
“You’re right. Let’s change the subject. Something is a little strange to me,” Chad said.
“What?”
“It’s just strange why the king would sell his own daughter and then when she is returned, why he would kidnap her. It seems like he is really mad or hates her,” Chad said.
“You’re right. It is a little weird. Maybe we should ask the countess about it. Maybe she is not being completely honest with us about this,” Lucinda said.
“I think you are right. But we need to wait until we can be alone with her,” Chad replied.
“Chad, I just realized something.”
“What?” he asked.
“I don’t think we have been alone since we’ve been here,” Lucinda said.
“Yeah, I know. It seems like a long time now,” Chad replied.
“Chad you haven’t tried to kiss me. We are finally alone without the king, the countess, or my brother,” Lucinda said.
Chad smiled and pulled Lucinda slowly to him.
“I hope this makes up for that.” Chad kissed her, and suddenly there was a sound from the storage room.  
Lucinda pulled the shelf away from the wall and entered the room.
“There you two are. You look like you are pretty cozy,” Hildegarde said.
“We came in here to hunt for the box. We looked upstairs in the king’s room, but it wasn’t there. So we came here,” Lucinda said.
“Well, have you had a chance to look in here?” Hildegarde asked.
“Not yet. We do have a question for you, though. We were both wondering why the king hates the princess so much. It is really strange how he sold her at first, and now kidnaps her or whatever. Why would he hate his daughter so much?” Chad asked.
“You’re right. He does hate Princess Grace. She is not his real daughter,” Hildegarde replied as she took a seat.
“So, whose daughter is she?” Lucinda asked.
“Well, first of all, I was married before. My husband died at war and I was all alone. I met a knight named Tomas. He was kind to me and gave me shelter. He is her father. He doesn’t know.  After his family found out about me, they demanded that he throw me out. After that, I was befriended by one of the maidens here. Jasmine brought me to the castle to work with her as a servant. The king noticed me and soon after, we were married. I didn’t realize I was with a child till a couple of months later. The king cannot have children, and therefore knows that she doesn’t belong to him. So, I confessed to him the truth. He has hated her ever since.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?” Lucinda asked.
“Because I didn’t think it mattered. We still need to find her,” Hildegarde replied.
“You’re right, we do. Where else can we look?” Lucinda asked.
“Maybe the stables. I didn’t think about the stables. But, there is nowhere else at the castle he could have hidden it. I’ve been looking already for it, and cannot find it,” Hildegarde replied.
“Let’s go to the stable, then,” Chad said.
Chapter Twenty-One
Countess Hildegarde remained in the castle with the guests, while Lucinda and Chad searched the stables.
“It is not here. I’ve given up. I don’t have another clue where to look,” Lucinda said.
“Well, let’s go,” Chad replied.
As they headed back toward the castle, Chad noticed a window that appeared to be underneath the castle’s main floor.
“Where does that go to? I don’t remember taking any stairs down to a basement.”
“I don’t, either. Let’s find out where it leads,” Lucinda replied.
They walked around to the north side of the castle. A door with iron bars was blocking the entrance to the dungeon.
“Is this supposed to be some sort of dungeon? Why didn’t the countess tell us about this room?” Chad asked.
“Who knows? She hasn’t been good about telling us anything, it seems. Is it locked?”
“It is, but I can pick this lock easily. I have my utility knife with me. Give me a minute,” Chad said as he pulled out his knife.
Within seconds, Chad had picked the lock and opened the dungeon door.
“Is it dark in there?” Lucinda inquired.
“Yes, but we can still see. There appears to be some light coming from inside. So we need to be quiet, just in case someone is down here.”
Lucinda followed Chad as he crouched next to the wall and crept into the fortress slowly.
“Shhh. I hear something,” Chad whispered.
After turning a corner, Chad saw two people in a small room that looked like a jail cell. Iron bars lined the exterior of the room. Lucinda gasped when she saw Chadwick and the princess.
“It’s them,” she whispered.
“Stay here and stay quiet. I’m going to look around and make sure no one else is in here,” Chad instructed.
Chadwick looked up and saw Lucinda.
“Lucinda, you’re here. When---?” he asked.
“The countess summoned me here again, to help you and the princess,” Lucinda replied.  “Thank you, but how are we going to get out of here? Did you find any keys?” Chadwick asked.
“No, but be quiet for now. I have a friend with me who is going to help me,” Lucinda whispered.
Chad turned the corner. “It’s safe. No one else is here but us.”
Chadwick stared at Chad when he saw his face.
“Who are you?”
“Chadwick, this is Chad. He is from my world. He was summoned to help you, too,” Lucinda clarified.
“Nice to meet you. You must be Chadwick. I’ve heard a lot about you,” Chad said as he picked the lock to the cell.
“Well, I wish I could say the same, but you must be Lucinda’s friend,” Chadwick replied.
“Yes, I am her boyfriend,” Chad replied.
“Princess Grace, it is finally good to meet you too. It is amazing how much you look like me. I’ve never had a twin before,” Lucinda said.
“Yes, it’s good to meet you, too. Thanks for all your help. Chadwick told me about you,” Grace replied.
“So, you are engaged. Congratulations!” Lucinda exclaimed.
“Thanks. That means a lot coming from you,” Chadwick replied. “How did you two meet?” Chadwick asked.
“It’s been fun you guys, but I think we need to get out of here,” Chad said.
Chad pointed toward the exit and grabbed Lucinda’s hand.
“Stay close. I don’t know how the king is going to react to this.”
“He might have us all hanged or something,” Lucinda said.
“Maybe, we should hide the Princess and Chadwick, until we can think of a solution to this,” she said.
“Where can we hide them?” Chad asked.
“I know the perfect place. Chadwick, take the princess to your tree house. It might not be safe yet. We need to find the magic box, before we let the king know that we have freed you. We will bring you some food later,” Lucinda said. 
Chadwick took Pegasus and rode as fast as he could till he was out of sight. “We have solved one issue. We still need the box. How are we going to find it?” Lucinda asked.
“I have an idea. Maybe, I can just beat the king up till he tells me where the box is. I am trained to fight,” Chad replied.
“Yes, but I don’t want to see you get hurt, and you know that is not the right thing to do,” Lucinda replied.
“You’re right, and even then the king still might not tell us.”
“Any more ideas?” Lucinda asked.
“Yes, I just thought about something. Maybe we can go and confront the king head on. Besides, he thinks we were locked in the dungeon. Maybe we can use that for our advantage. Maybe threaten to expose him for what he really is,” Chad said.
“People around here worship the king. They might not take our word for it, and then we would be in a heap of trouble. I think it’s too risky.”
“You’re probably right. I know I treasure my head and don’t want to lose it any time soon. I bet Caleb has hired a search party for us by now,” Chad said.
“No, I think he doesn’t even know we are gone,” Lucinda said.
“How does he not know we are gone? We’ve been gone for days now.”
“Remember when I told you I came here before? Well, when I returned back to 2012, I returned to the same time I had left from. It had been weeks here, but I still returned back to the very minute I had left. I thought it must have been a dream, but now I see it wasn’t,” Lucinda replied.
“Maybe we should follow the king for a while. See if he goes and gets the box. After all, if the box is as powerful as you said, he will want to use it again. Probably sooner than later.”
“You’re right. I don’t understand why he hasn’t used it against us by now. Especially since he thinks that we have escaped from the dungeon,” Lucinda replied.
“Who knows the reason, but let’s keep a close eye on his every move. We need to tell the countess to do the same,” Chad said.
“I’ll talk to her. We might need to go ahead and go inside. Someone might have seen us leave the castle. I don’t want the king to get suspicious of us.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
Lucinda filled the countess in about finding Princess Grace and Chadwick.
“We have to keep this among ourselves. We don’t want the king to know we are not the real princess and Chadwick. We are going to watch the king very closely until he goes and gets the box. You know how powerful it is, and he will surely be needing it soon,” Lucinda instructed.
“This is acceptable to me. I am friends with his personal servant. I will have him keep an eye on the king while he is in his room. He will report anything to us that looks strange.”
The next morning Lucinda and Chad got up early. They didn’t want to miss anything that the king was doing. They tried to watch the king from a distance, trying not to bring any attention to themselves. The king was downstairs talking in the front entrance to someone.
“That must be Marco Salvador. He is the gypsy who gave Countess Hildegarde the magic box!” Lucinda exclaimed.
“I’m curious to hear what they are talking about. You stay here. I’m going to try to get closer without him seeing me.”
“This box is not working right. What is wrong with it?” the king asked.
“I didn’t give you the box. That is why it doesn’t work for you. I gave it to the countess. How did you get it?” Marco asked.
“That doesn’t matter. I demand you fix it where it will work for me,” the king replied.
“You demand me to fix it. Do you know who you are talking to? I’m not one of your servants. I can ruin you. I gave you a wish before, because I thought we were friends. But now, I can see I was mistaken,” the gypsy replied.
Chad could see that the king was holding a box that looked mysterious.
“Give me the box,” the gypsy said.
“No, it is mine now,” the king replied.
“Give me the box now!” the gypsy commanded. The king appeared to be in a trance-like state. He handed the box to the gypsy. “Now, tell me what you have done with the countess.”
“The countess is fine. She is upstairs in her room,” the king replied in a moderated tone.
Lucinda approached Chad.
“We need to talk to him now, to try to get the box back, before he leaves,” Lucinda said referring to the gypsy.
“Maybe we should get the countess,” Chad replied.
“He might leave. We need to do this now, before he gets away with the box.”
Lucinda approached the gypsy and the king. “Sir, are you Marco Salvador?”
“Yes, how do you know who I am?”
“I am friends with the countess. I have been trying to help her rescue her daughter. The king stole her box and we have been searching for it.”
“Are you not Princess Grace? You look just like her,” the gypsy replied.
“No, my name is Lucinda Norman. I have met your brother, Tomas Salvador. He helped me once,” Lucinda replied.
“You know my brother Tomas, and you are still alive? That tells me a lot about you. You see, my brother hates blue bloods. If he spared your life, then you must be very honorable.”
“Yes, I was privileged to meet him once. Anyway, we have been trying to help the countess get her box back. If you will wait, I will go and get her. She can explain everything to you,” Lucinda said.
“Go ahead. I can’t wait to see her again,” Marco replied.
Lucinda ran upstairs to Hildegarde’s room.
“Come quickly.”
The countess ran behind Lucinda down the stairs to where Marco was sitting.
“Hello, Mr. Salvador, it is nice to see you,” Hildegarde said.
“I’m fine, your grace. And you?”
“I am well. How is your brother?” she asked.
“He is the same as always. You know, he hates all royals. How do you know my brother?” Marco asked.
“I met him once a long time ago,” she said.
“I suppose you want your box back now,” he said as he handed her the box.
“Yes, thank you. We don’t know what we would have done if you hadn’t come.”
“Well, thank the king. The old goat ordered me to come. I thought it interesting that the king would ask me to come again. I thought we were friends. Now, I see he used me before,” Marco said.
“I’m sorry about that. You will forever remain my friend. Thank you again,” Hildegarde replied.
The gypsy bade his farewell and left the castle.
“Congratulations, your majesty. You have your box back,” Lucinda said.
“Yes, finally. King, I order you to go upstairs and do not come out till I call for you,” Hildegarde ordered.
“Countess, let’s go to the chapel. I have something to tell you,” Chad said.
“Of course, anything,” she replied.
The three headed for the chapel.
“We need to get Princess Grace and Chadwick home. They are probably starving,” Lucinda said.
“We will get them in a minute. I have something personal to ask the countess,” Chad replied.
“Countess, I want you to tell me the truth. I promise I will not tell anyone what you told us here in confidence,” Chad said.
“I will answer you the truth,” she replied.
“Is Tomas Salvador Grace’s father?” Chad asked.
“Yes, he is,” she replied.
“Tomas Salvador is Grace’s father. Really?” Lucinda inquired.
“Yes, he is her father. As I told you before. I met him after my husband was killed. He took me in, until his family demanded that he kick me out. He didn’t want to, but felt obligated to do so. We were so young. He didn’t have the means to support me without his family’s money. So, he made me leave. He made me leave even though he loved me. I could tell he really cared about me. I think that is why he joined his brother. He gave up his knighthood and became a gypsy.”
“This is very interesting. I met him that day when Chadwick and I were searching for the box. When he found out that I knew his brother, and I guess you, he allowed us to leave without harm. Now, I understand. You’re right. He does love you,” Lucinda said.
“I think I still love him too, deep down. I married the king because he was the king. We might have had an infatuation with each other, at first. But I still have feelings for Tomas, and I guess the king suspected something. Especially when he found out I was with child.”
“You have the box now. Why don’t you go to Tomas and tell him about Grace. Who knows, things might work out for you and him,” Lucinda said.
“You owe it to him and to Grace,” Chad said.
“He might hate me for keeping the truth from him, but he deserves to know the truth. So does Grace,” Hildegarde replied.
“Let’s go get the Princess and Chadwick, so we can say our goodbyes,” Lucinda said.
Chapter Twenty-Three
The countess filled the princess and Chadwick in on everything that had happened, including who Grace’s father was. She seemed happy that her father was not the king. She couldn’t stand the fact, that her father hated her so much.
“Chad, I would like to speak to Chadwick for a minute alone,” Lucinda said.
 Lucinda and Chadwick walked a few feet away from the others.
“I’m so glad I was able to see you again. You will always hold a special place in my heart,” Lucinda said.
“You will hold one in my heart, too. I was worried that you hated me,” Chadwick said.
“Why would I hate you?” Lucinda asked.
“Because I fell in love with Grace. You see, she is just like you. That is why it was so easy. I love her because I loved you,” he replied.
“I know. That is why I love Chad---because he is so much like you. He is not a squire, but he is something like that, in my world. I’m not positive everything will work out between us, but I know it was meant for me to meet him,” she replied.
“I am happy for you. Remember me,” he said.
“I will. I have a funny feeling that you will be remembered for a long time.”
Lucinda and Chadwick returned to the others.
“Did you say your goodbyes?” Chad asked.
“Yes, and I am ready to go home,” Lucinda replied.
“Countess, it has been a pleasure. Princess Grace, Chadwick, I am glad I met all of you,” Chad said.
“Are you ready to go home?” Hildegarde said.
“Yes, we are,” Lucinda replied.
“Lucinda, exit this door. Chad, exit this door,” Hildegarde instructed, pointing to different doors. 
Lucinda walked through the door that Hildegarde was pointing to and she was back in the medieval Times castle. Chad came through the men’s room door.
“Are we back?” Chad asked.
“Yes, I think we are. Remember; don’t say anything about this to anyone. They will think you lost your mind or something,” Lucinda instructed.
“Oh, don’t worry, I won’t. It has sort of been fun. What about you?” Chad asked.
“Yes, it’s been fun, but I am glad we are home,” she replied.
“Are you sure? You seemed upset about leaving your friend,” Chad replied.
“Yes. After all, he is one of our forefathers. He is practically our children’s great-great-great- grandfather,” she replied.
“Our children?” he responded with a smile.
“Of course. Fate brought us together for a reason. We are bonded to each other now,” she said.
“Yes, I believe we are, but children? Who said we were having children?” he said in a joking manner.
“Not at first, of course, but we will have beautiful children. Nobles always have beautiful children,” she said.
“When are we going to tell Caleb that we are in love?” he asked.
“In love. Are you in love with me?” she said.
“You know I am. Why do you think I’ve been so jealous of you?” he replied.
“I know. I was just kidding. I’m madly in love with you, too. Maybe, you can tell Caleb that you would like to date me. That would break the ice. Then we can see what happens,” she replied.
“Yes, I guess you’re correct again, as always. I’m getting tired of admitting you’re correct all the time.”
“Better get used to it. We Alabama women are usually right. We might sound country, but we are smart as a whip,” she replied.
“I know. I’m from Alabama, too,” he replied.
“I know. Hey, we better go back now, before Caleb comes looking for us,” Lucinda said.
“I’m going to try to tell him tonight about wanting to date you. So, if I call Caleb to the side, you’ll know why,” he said.
“Good luck,” Lucinda replied.
Chad put his hand on the small of her back, leading her in the direction of their seats.
“I think we are over that way a couple of aisles,” Chad said, pointing to the right.
“Yes, there is Caleb,” Lucinda acknowledged. 
Caleb had turned around in his seat and was looking for Lucinda and Chad. 
“Where have you two been? I was wondering if you fell in or what,” Caleb said.
“No, it was just a long line at the bathrooms. We are here, so chill,” Lucinda replied.
“What have we missed?” Chad asked.
“Not too much, just the prince fighting with the enemy. They are supposed to do a jousting thing here in a little while,” Caleb replied.
“Hey, Caleb, can I ask you something in private?” Chad asked.
“Sure. We can go up there. It will be quieter and we won’t have to miss anything,” Caleb said as he pointed to the top of the stairs.
Chapter Twenty-Four
“So what did you want to talk about?” Caleb asked when they got to the top of the stairs.
“Since we are friends, I wanted to run this by you first. I would like to take your sister out on a date. That is, if she wants to go out with me,” Chad said.
“You’re kidding, right? You almost had me,” Caleb replied with a chuckle.
“I’m not kidding. I think your sister is sweet and I would like to ask her out,” Chad said.
“We are friends and that is why I’m going to say this to you. You are too old for her. You and she don’t suit each other. Man, I know you. Why would you ever think I would allow you to date my own sister?” Caleb said abruptly.
“What is wrong with me dating your sister? I am not that much older than her. We are only a few years apart,” Chad said.
“Just take this or leave it. I do not, I repeat, do not want you to date my sister,” Caleb said with perfect enunciation. 
“Come on Caleb. There has to be a reason,” Chad said.
“She just graduated from high school. You’re in the military. Come on. We’ve went out together, looking for hot girls. My sister is not some loose woman whom you can date for a day or two and dump,” Caleb replied.
“Caleb, you know me well enough to know that I would never do that to your sister. I respect you too much as a friend and her as a young woman, to do that. Surely you don’t think as little of me as that,” Chad replied.
Caleb didn’t say a word for a couple of minutes. He looked at Chad as if he were thinking about something.
“Aren’t you going to say something?” Chad asked.
“I’m sorry. You are and have been a good friend to me. I’m sorry to say that to you. Just give me a little while to think about it,” Caleb responded.
“You know we are only here a few days. I would like to take her out before we leave,” Chad said.
“If you want to date her, you need to give me some time to think about this. She is my baby sister, and I know I will not allow her to be hurt by you or anyone. So I’m asking you as a friend, to give me some time.”
Caleb walked down the stairs toward Lucinda.
“What were you two talking about? You seem disgusted or something,” Lucinda said.
“It’s nothing. Let’s just watch the show,” Caleb replied.
Lucinda looked at Chad.
“Is everything all right?”
“Yeah, everything is fine,” Chad replied.
Lucinda could tell things didn’t go as planned. Caleb looked mad and Chad was being way too quiet. But she knew Caleb, and she knew when to be quiet around him and when to ask questions. Now wasn’t the time to ask questions. She knew he must have told Chad no regarding dating her.
The show lasted two hours and the dinner was one of the best things about the show. Caleb was silent the rest of the show. Chad tried to make small talk to break the silence, but Caleb didn’t budge.
“Caleb, how did you like the show?” Lucinda asked.
“Fine,” he replied.
“Caleb, tell me what is bothering you,” Lucinda said as she followed Caleb out to the car.
“You want to know what is bothering me. I’ll tell you. My friend told me tonight that he wanted to go on a date with you. What do you think about that?” he replied.
“I’m shocked, but I would like to go out with him,” she replied. 
“You want to go out with him, too. Am I missing something here? Something tells me that you and he are already conjuring up something between yourselves. Am I right?” Caleb asked.
“Caleb, you’re right. I have already been talking to her about going out with me. She wants to, but doesn’t want to go against you,” Chad replied.
“Is this true, Lucinda? Do you want to be his girlfriend?” Caleb asked as he opened up the car door.
“Yes, it’s true. We have a lot in common,” she replied.
Caleb got into the car and yelled, “Get in or I’m going to leave you both.”
“Caleb, you’re my brother and I love you, but you are being childish right now,” Lucinda said.
“Me, childish. What about you two talking behind my back?” Caleb asked.
“We didn’t want to tell you, because we feared how you would react. We were right, you are acting crazy,” she said.
“Lucinda, you are way too young to be dating him or anybody. You are just a baby,” Caleb said.
“Caleb, I am a woman. I graduated from high school. I can decide for myself. I think I am old enough to date whomever I wish. I wanted to get your blessing, because I respect what you think. But I am going to date Chad, whether you like it or not.” Lucinda replied.
Caleb slammed on his brakes and the car came to an abrupt stop.
“Get out. Both of you, now. I am not going to condone any of this. Get out now,” Caleb demanded.
Lucinda and Chad got out of the car, fearing Caleb might wreck the car. They could see how mad he was and didn’t trust his driving for a second.
“Now how are we going to get home?” Lucinda asked.
“I guess we can get a cab. At least this gives us a few minutes to talk alone,” Chad replied.
“What did Caleb say to you at the show, about us dating?” Lucinda asked.
“He said no, of course. He said he was afraid I would hurt you. He wanted time to think about it.”
“Did you try to reason with him?” she asked.
“Yes. He said he wanted to think about it. I guess the more he thought about it, the madder he got,” Chad replied.
“At least when Caleb tells my parents he knows about us, they might take up for us. At least we won’t have to hide it anymore,” Lucinda said.
“Don’t worry. Things will work out. If we can escape death by hanging, then we can escape Caleb’s fury,” Chad said.  
“I hope my parents don’t take Caleb’s side and try to keep us from seeing each other,” Lucinda said.
“I have to return to Italy soon. I will have plenty of time to reason with Caleb. You can talk to your parents again, and let them know how much we care about each other. It will work out,” Chad said.
“I hope you’re right. I don’t want to lose you,” she replied.
“I told you that I care about you, and I will not stop until I make Caleb understand. I promise. After all, we both know that we were meant to be together,” he replied.
 Chapter Twenty-Five
Lucinda and Chad made it back to the house at ten p.m. after hailing a cab. Maria and Robert were sitting on the couch talking when they entered the house.
“Lucinda, we were worried about you. Caleb told us that he left you two on the side of the road,” Maria said. “We got on to Caleb for what he did. We wanted to go find you, but didn’t know where to look.”
“Yes, he did. Where is he?” Lucinda asked.
“He is in his old room. We told him to go there so we could talk to you. He was pretty mad when he came in,” Maria replied.
“What did he say to you, exactly?” Lucinda asked.
“He said that Chad asked if he could go out with you, and that he was upset about that,” Maria replied.
“Mr. and Mrs. Norman, I have been friends with Caleb for a while now. I can understand why he would get upset. I haven’t always had the best dating record, but I respect Caleb and you. I only have true and honorable intentions,” Chad said.
“Lucinda, do you want to date Chad?” Robert asked.
“Yes. I told you in Italy that I like him. I have developed a closer bond with him since he has been here,” Lucinda replied.
“You barely know him, Lucinda,” Robert replied.
“I know him more than you think,” Lucinda replied in haste.
“What do you mean, you know him more than I think!” Robert exclaimed.
“Nothing like that, Dad. I just know his character. He has a good and caring heart,” she replied.
“Chad, are you willing to risk your friendship with Caleb for Lucinda?” Robert asked.
“Yes, but I hope it will not come to that. I hope once Caleb calms down, that we can sit down together and talk it out. If he doesn’t agree here, then I will talk to him more in Italy. I am willing to do whatever it takes to make him understand,” Chad replied. 
 “I respect your feelings for Lucinda and for Caleb. So, why don’t you wait about seeing Lucinda, until you and Caleb come to some understanding, because we do not want you two to be at odds with each other” Robert replied.  
“Dad you can’t mean that,” Lucinda said.
“It is the best thing to do, Lucinda,” Maria said.
Lucinda marched off to her room.
The next day, Chad told Lucinda that he had talked with her parents. He said that he would try to 

Work things out, with Caleb before pursuing things with her.
That day everyone went and spent some time in the city, shopping. The Galleria in Birmingham is one of the largest malls that Chad had ever seen. They had clothing stores, several places to eat, a movie theater, and a hotel. The glass elevators showed the entire mall and Chad thought it was neat. After spending several hours out, they decided to go back to the house to relax. 







Chapter Twenty-Six

The day came for Chad and Caleb to return to Italy. Lucinda tried to hold back her tears but couldn’t.
“I’m going to miss you both,” she said as she gave Caleb, then Chad a hug.
“I’ll miss you, too, little sis. I’m sorry for dumping you on the side of the road the other day,” Caleb said.
“I know. You were just upset. I’m sorry about everything,” Lucinda said.
“I’m sorry, too. You know nothing will change how I feel about you. You’re my little sister,” Caleb replied.
“Caleb, you take care and have a safe flight,” Robert said.
“Be safe and try to stay out of trouble,” Maria cried as she hugged him.
“Mom, Dad, don’t worry. I’ll be out of the military before you know it,” Caleb replied.
“It was nice to see you all again” Chad said.
“It was nice to meet you, too,” Robert said.
“Nice to meet you,” Maria said.
“Write me,” Lucinda said.
Caleb and Chad turned and headed toward security clearance. Chad turned and mouthed “I will.”
Lucinda and her parents watched as Caleb and Chad placed their bags on the conveyor belt. They were scanned by the security officers, searching for anything metal. The security officer’s wand beeped as he moved it over Caleb’s body.
“Take off your shoes and belt, sir,” he said.
Caleb did as he was instructed. Next, it was Chad’s turn and nothing beeped.  They picked up their bags and turned to wave. Lucinda, Robert, and Maria waved until they couldn’t see them anymore. They turned and headed toward the exit.
After they returned home, Lucinda asked her mother, “How do you think Caleb and Chad were getting along. Do you think there is tension between them?” 
“I don’t think there is any tension there. They seem to be getting along well,” Maria replied.
“I hope so. I hope Chad is able to talk to Caleb and get him to see how much we belong together,” Lucinda said.
“Lucinda, I think you are getting a little too serious with Chad. Besides, you hardly know him,” Maria said.
“Mom, I know him enough. We’ve spent some time together since he’s been here. We spent some time together in Italy. I think I have come to know him well enough,” Lucinda replied.
“Lucinda, I am glad he is a million miles away. A little separation will do you some good,” Maria said.
“Lucinda, he is in the military. He still has several months to go. He might forget you. You need to prepare yourself for that,” Robert said.
“Dad, I don’t think a little time apart is going to change my mind at all. I really care about him, don’t you understand that?” Lucinda replied as she walked faster to get ahead of her parents.
“I am afraid she is going to get hurt. I was in the military once. I know how those army guys are. They are wild, and I don’t know if I want her to be with him when he gets out,” Robert said.
“Chad doesn’t seem like he is wild. He seems like a pretty decent guy,” Maria replied.
“Yes, right now. What is he going to act like in a year?” Robert asked.

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Two weeks passed before Lucinda received her first letter from Chad.
Dear Lucinda, I’ve missed you. I can’t stop thinking about you. Caleb and I are getting along fine. I have tried to talk to him about us once. He started to get mad, so I dropped the subject. I will give him some more time and try again later. Do you miss me? I didn’t think I would ever say this, but I miss being at the castle with you. It was entertaining. I can’t believe how much we looked like them. They must be our ancestors. I guess for any relationship there are going to be trials. Don’t forget that I care for you. I will find a way to reason with your brother. Sorry I am just now writing you a letter. I have been really busy here and I tried to write you when your brother wasn’t around. I just heard today that my sister Mia is coming for a visit. I didn’t get to see her while I was in Alabama. She was away at college. She goes to the University of Alabama. She’s taking nursing, and her classes, training, and preceptorship have been extensive. She barely has time to call home. Write me. My address is: Collins, Chad R, PSC 72 Box 4464, APO AP 50235-0023. 
Bye for now, Chad. 
Lucinda pulled out one of her favorite stationery pads and wrote a letter back to Chad.
Chad, Hey, I’m glad you are going to see your sister soon. Or maybe you have already. I don’t know how long it takes for you to get a letter from here. As for Caleb, I know he will come around eventually. I care about you enormously. I can’t wait till I see you again. I know my parents will be more accepting of us once Caleb accepts us dating. So don’t worry about them. I had fun playing Princess Grace, too, and your being there in the castle was great. One day we will have our happily ever after. It will come true, and we can make our own castle together. Until then, I am going to try to stay busy. Write me back later and tell me how your visit went with your sister. Bye for now. Lucinda.
Lucinda hurried and addressed the letter and ran it to the closest out box, which was across the Beltline at the post office. The last pickup was scheduled for five p.m., and Lucinda didn’t want to miss it.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
“Lucinda, you have a phone call,” Maria yelled from the living room.
Lucinda was in her bedroom when she heard her mom call her. She answered the phone
 “Hello?”
“Lucinda, hi it’s me, Chad.”
“Chad, hey. I can’t believe it’s you. What have you been up too?”
“I received your letter today and wanted to tell you the good news.”
“What news?” Lucinda asked.   
“Remember I told you that my sister, Mia, was coming for a visit? Well, she did and we had a lot of fun. So did Caleb. He went out with us to the movies one night and to the pool hall the next night. After she left to go to her hotel that night, Caleb asked me if he could ask her out.”
“He did what?” Lucinda asked.
“Yeah, he wants to date my sister. Of all things, right?” Chad said.
“What a double standard. He doesn’t want you to date me, but he doesn’t mind asking you to let him date your sister. What did you tell him?” Lucinda asked.
“I told him that we could make a compromise. He could date Mia, if I could date you.”
“What did he say?” Lucinda inquired.
“He said no,” Chad joked.
“No, what do you mean no?” Lucinda said.
“I was just kidding. He said yes. Yes, we have his blessing,” Chad replied.
“Great, what good news.”
“Yes, I think so. So I guess we are going to have to date by phone until I get out of here,” Chad said.
“How much longer do you have to stay in Italy?” Lucinda asked.
“Six months, then I am completely finished,” Chad replied.
“Caleb gets out in five months, so that is perfect. We can go on double dates,” Lucinda said.
“I don’t know about double dates. I want to spend time with you alone, not have your brother tag along.”
“I know. I want to spend time with you, too. Six months is a long time, though,” Lucinda said.
“Not too long. I’ll stay busy here and it will fly by,” Chad replied.
“It will fly by for you, but I don’t have a job or anything. I guess I will have to find something to do to keep me busy,” Lucinda said.
“As long as you are not spending time with any guys,” Chad said.
“Are you getting jealous already?” Lucinda asked.
“Yes, I guess I am. Remember, we are supposed to get married one day. I would hate to go to jail for hurting someone,” Chad joked.
“I promise I will not spend time with any guy other than my father or Caleb when he comes home,” Lucinda replied.
“You better not,” Chad said.
“That goes for you, too. I better not hear of you going out with some girl,” Lucinda said.
“You have nothing to worry about there. You have ruined me for all other girls.”
“That is sweet. I am going to miss you. Try to call me again some time,” Lucinda said.
“I will. I better go for now. We are probably running up a big phone bill. I’ll call you or write you soon. Bye,” Chad said.
“I’ll write you, too. Bye,” Lucinda replied.
Lucinda was glad that Chad had called her, but sad when she had to say goodbye. Six months wasn’t a long time, but to her it seemed like an eternity. She was glad that he cared enough about her to wait for her. She hadn’t been sure that his feelings ran as deep as hers, but now she knew they did. It made her feel good to have a guy waiting to be with her. Six months until she could be with him.  Six months till the aching in her heart would stop. She couldn’t wait.
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chad usually wrote Lucinda a letter once a week. He tried to call whenever he could, which was usually weekly. Time seemed like it stood still. She didn’t want to get out of bed to go anywhere or do anything.  She was incredibly sad to be away from Chad. Robert and Maria tried several ways to try to get her to focus on other things. Robert called a friend of his at the local telephone company, and asked him to get Lucinda a job there. Lucinda refused to go to work. She was afraid that if she worked, she would miss a call from Chad.
She didn’t want anything to come between her and the man she loved. The longer she stayed away from him, the more she knew that she loved him. She imagined her life as his wife. She wanted to have two children, preferably a boy and a girl.  She wanted to name them after Chad and herself, or perhaps after Chad and Princess Grace. She loved the name Grace for a girl. Grace meant charm, and Chad was an English name for an early saint. Either name would be perfect: Grace Lucinda for a girl and Chad Robert for a boy. Of course, she would ask Chad for his opinion in naming their first child. She knew she wanted to have children and wanted to name them after people she knew. She was ready to get married, but knew that she should date Chad a little while first. She didn’t want her parents thinking that she was rushing into something
Lucinda heard a knock on the door.  She answered it and was happy to see Caleb standing there.
“What are you doing here? We weren’t expecting you for a few more weeks. You should have called and we would have picked you up at the airport,” Lucinda said.
“I wanted it to be a surprise,” Caleb replied.
“Well it is! Dad and mom are not home yet,” Lucinda said.
“Well, I was hoping I could spend some time with you alone. I have something I want to talk to you about,” Caleb said.
Lucinda thought she knew what Caleb was going to say.
“Lucinda, I’ve been writing letters to Mia, Chad’s sister. Did Chad tell you anything about that?” Caleb asked.
“Yes, he told me that you wanted to date his sister, and that you worked out an agreement. That he would be able to date me and you would be able to date Mia,” Lucinda replied.
“Yes, something like that. Are you mad?” Caleb asked.
“Of course not. I want you to be happy. Why would I be mad?” Lucinda asked.
“Because I was so mean to you and Chad earlier. I was completely against you and him dating,” Caleb replied.
“Caleb, I am just happy that you finally agreed. I really like him. He is a very nice guy. And you are friends with him. He is not some complete stranger, someone that you know nothing about,” Lucinda said.
“I know. He is a great guy, and I think he would be someone decent for you to date. I had to learn that the hard way,” Caleb said.
“Well, I am glad you did,” Lucinda said.
Lucinda gave Caleb and long hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“You will always be my big brother and my protector, won’t you?” Lucinda asked.
“You better believe it. I won’t let anyone ever hurt you. If they do, they better watch out, because it won’t be pretty,” Caleb replied.
“Whoa, Caleb. Calm down. Nothing is going to happen to me and everything is just fine,” Lucinda said.
Lucinda and Caleb walked over to the couch and sat down.
“Are you hungry, thirsty? Do you want to go get a bite to eat?” Lucinda asked.
“No. I am all right. Just a little tired. Where are mom and dad?” Caleb asked.
“They are over Aunt Rita’s house. They didn’t know you were coming home today. If you want I can give them a call,” Lucinda said. 
 “No, I’ll talk to them when they get home. I think I am going to take a short trip,” Caleb replied.
“Take a trip? Where are you going?” Lucinda asked.
“I’m going to drive over to Tuscaloosa. I called Mia and she is free today. I want to see her and spend some time with her,” Caleb replied.
“You’re going to go see Mia before you see mom and dad?” Lucinda questioned.
“Yes. She doesn’t have a lot of free time, and I need to take advantage of the time she has today,” Caleb replied.
“So are you getting pretty serious with this girl already?” Lucinda asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I just want to go see her,” Caleb said.
“Am I being ridiculous? I don’t think I am,” Lucinda said.
“Well, you are. So just drop it. Tell mom and dad I’ll be home in a few hours. I ‘m going to take mom’s car. I might even be home before they get home. You know how they are when they go over Aunt Rita’s,” Caleb said.
“Yes, I do. All right, I’ll tell them. Be careful, and I’ll see you when you get home. I expect you to give me a report on how Chad is doing when you get back,” Lucinda said.
“I will. See ya soon,” Caleb replied as he walked to the front door.
Chapter Thirty
Lucinda was happy that Caleb was finally home from Italy. She knew that this meant that Chad would be home in a month. She was starting to get worried. She hadn’t heard from Chad by letter or phone in over a week now. She knew that as soon as Caleb returned home, he would fill her in on what was happening with Chad. Maybe he was away on a training exercise, or maybe he was working a lot of hours and hadn’t had time to stop and write, she thought.
“I’ll can’t wait till Caleb returns. He can tell me exactly what Chad is doing right now,” she said out loud.
She heard a noise at the front door.
Surely he is not back already. He hasn’t had time to drive to Tuscaloosa yet. Maybe he forgot something, she said to herself as she approached the front door. She opened the door and saw her parents fumbling for the keys.
“Mom, dad, guess what?” she said.
“What?” Robert asked as he went into the house.
“Caleb is home. Well, he was home. He went on a short visit to Mia’s in Tuscaloosa. He will be back soon,” she said as she shut the front door.
“Oh, I see who is more important. Mia. When did he arrive?” Maria asked.
“Not that long ago. I’m thinking he won’t be back home till dark,” Lucinda responded.
Maria looked like she was upset about Caleb leaving to visit his girlfriend, but didn’t say anything else about it. She went to the kitchen and started pulling things out from the refrigerator. Lucinda went into the kitchen and asked, “Can I help you?”
“No. I’m going to make spaghetti for dinner. Any objections?” Maria questioned.
“No. It sounds good. Can you make your famous garlic bread to go with it?” Lucinda asked.
“Of course. Why don’t you go and keep your father occupied until dinner is ready,” Maria said.
Lucinda nodded yes and walked back to the den where Robert was sitting.
“Dad, are you thirsty? Can I get you something to drink?” Lucinda asked.
“No, I’m fine. Did you tell Caleb we would be back home soon?” Robert asked.
“Yes. I told him to wait till you guys were back home before going to see Mia. But he insisted on leaving when he did. I tried,” Lucinda said.
“I know you did. He’ll be back soon and we can all sit down and talk,” Robert replied as he put on the television.
Lucinda walked back to her room and started to write Chad a letter.
Dear Chad, It’s been a while since I talked with you, so I decided I would write you a few lines. Caleb got home a little while ago. Then he rushed off to see your sister. He must really like her. I can’t wait till I get to meet her. She must be really pretty and nice for my brother to become so captivated by her this quickly. He didn’t even wait till my parents were home before he took off to Tuscaloosa. I could tell my mom and dad were upset by him leaving so soon. I know they will get over it soon, though. Anyway, write me or call me soon. I miss hearing from you. As soon as Caleb gets back, I plan on asking him all about you. I want to know what is going on with you these past few days. Anyway, I’ll write you again soon. Miss you lots, Lucinda.
Maria and Robert were waiting in the den for him to return. Lucinda was in her room watching television when she heard someone knock on the front door. She suspected it was Caleb, so she got up to go and greet him. To her surprise, she saw two police officers standing in the living room, talking to her parents.
“I’m sorry. There has been a terrible auto accident. A young man driving your car was injured. Do you know the young man?” the officer asked.
“Yes, my son just returned from Italy. He took my car to visit his girlfriend. Is he all right?” Robert replied.
“I’m sorry sir. The young man was killed. We are going to need you to identify the body,” the officer replied.
“What? It’s impossible. He just got home. Are you sure?” Maria screamed.
“If the boy who was driving your car was your son, then he was killed. That is why we need for someone to come and identify the body,” the officer replied.
“Mom, dad, I’ll go,” Lucinda offered.
“Lucinda, I’ll go with you. Maria, stay here and try to stay calm. Maybe there is some mistake. Maybe it wasn’t Caleb. Stay here and we will be back soon,” Robert said as he followed the officers to the patrol car.
Chapter Thirty-One
The day for Caleb’s funeral came. It was a dark and dreary day. Thunder clouds and rain dispersed from the northwest. Lucinda was weak and emotionless. She had cried for the last few days and wasn’t able to cry anymore. She was emotionally drained and felt like she was living in a dream. She couldn’t comprehend how her sweet, caring brother could die. He never did anything to harm anyone, she thought.
She tried to comfort her parents, but nothing made up for the anguish they felt. Lucinda couldn’t grasp mentally how a young man at the beginning of his life could die so tragically. He had just completed his service in the military and was ready to begin his life as a civilian. He had good looks and good manners. He was the pride of his mother and father. Lucinda knew that nothing could ever fix this. Nothing would ever take away the pain she felt or the pain her parents felt over losing Caleb. 
“I just wished I could have talked to him once, before he left. I didn’t even get to say goodbye to him,” Maria cried.
“I know, mom. It’s hard. I wish I could fix this for you and dad. That I could take away your pain, but I can’t,” Lucinda cried. Lucinda couldn’t hold back her tears anymore. She grieved for her brother’s death and for the anguish that her parents felt. She didn’t know if she would be able to attend the funeral.
“Mom, dad, what can I do to help you?” she asked.
“Nothing. Stay strong. Your brother would want you to stay strong for him. It’s time we left for the funeral,” Robert said.
“Dad, I don’t think I can go. I don’t want to shame anyone,” Lucinda replied.
“If you don’t go, then that would shame your brother. So you are going to have to get up and stand strong,” Robert said as he wrapped his arms around her to comfort her.
The church was decorated with all types of flower arrangements and plants. Caleb’s favorite color was blue and several people had sent blue sprays. The officiating pastor had lined the front of the sanctuary with the flower arrangements. Lucinda saw the casket in the middle of the flowers. The top of his casket had white roses that his mother had ordered the day before. Caleb was dressed in his military uniform. Maria wanted everyone to see what Caleb had done for his country. She put a small white Bible in his hands.
The church had only a few people there in the foyer, so Lucinda said her goodbyes to her brother.
“Caleb, I’m going to miss you. I don’t know what I would have done without a big brother like you. You mean so much to me. I know you are in Heaven now and you are happy. I will always remember you. Wait for me in Heaven and I will be there one day to see you again. I am so sorry that we couldn’t have spent more time together. I love you, Caleb,” Lucinda cried as tears rolled down her eyes. She kissed her hand and placed it on Caleb’s cheek.
As she turned to take a seat, she looked up to see Chad standing behind her.
“Chad, what are you doing here?” she asked.
“They let me take a leave. I wouldn’t have missed this for the world. Caleb was like my big brother. He was my best friend and I’ll never forget him,” Chad said as he began to cry.
Lucinda went to console him. They stood there in a long embrace, crying together. Lucinda wiped away her tears and Chad reached over to kiss her on the cheek.
“I am so glad you are here. I told my dad I didn’t think I was going to make it today. Now I know I can, with your help,” Lucinda said.
The funeral lasted about an hour and the preacher called the parents and family to say their last goodbyes. Then, each row went up one by one to say goodbye. When they all returned to their seats, the ushers went up to the front. The pastor closed the casket lid and Lucinda broke down and sobbed. The ushers pushed the casket down the aisle toward the exit. Row after row followed the casket out the front door. They placed the casket in the hearse and closed the door.
“Do you want to ride with us? We are going to the grave site,” Lucinda asked.
“Yes. I took a taxi here,” Chad replied.
After a few minutes, a police car led the way onto the freeway. First the hearse, then Robert’s car, then car after car followed the hearse down the road. All drivers turned their lights on to show other cars that they were in a funeral procession. As they drove down the road, cars pulled onto the median, waiting out of respect to allow them to pass.
After the preacher said a few words, they lowered Caleb’s body into the ground. Chad broke down in tears. Lucinda put her arms around him to console him. She threw a white rose into the grave and cried. The honor guard detail came and performed a ceremony including folding the American flag and the playing of taps. Chad and Lucinda headed back to the car, after they said their last goodbyes.
Chapter Thirty-Two
The taxi pulled up to the front of house and everyone went inside. Lucinda and Chad stayed in the living room so they could be alone and talk. 
“Lucinda, I am sorry for your loss and for your parents’ loss. No parent should have to feel the pain of losing a child. Tell me what happened, exactly,” Chad inquired.
“Caleb was on his way to see your sister, Mia, when he had an accident. The police came to our house and told us the news. Dad and I went to identify the body,” Lucinda replied.
“I’m sorry you had to go through that. Mia must not have heard the news yet.  I need to call her and tell her what happened,” Chad said.
“Chad, can you tell me what happened in Italy between Caleb and your sister?” Lucinda inquired.
“Lucinda, it’s not important now. There is no reason to remember the past. Can’t you see ---everything is different now,” Chad said.
“Chad, I know everything is different. I just want to know more about my brother. I need to talk about him to be able to get over all of this. It’s important to me,” Lucinda said.
“What do you want to know?” Chad asked.
“I want to know if my brother liked your sister. What you two talked about. Whatever you want to tell me,” Lucinda replied.
“Lucinda, I loved your brother. It is hard for me to talk about him right now. Yes, he cared about Mia. I think he loved her, but he never said the words to me about that. He wrote her letters and he told me he was happy he was getting out of the military. He told me he was excited that he was getting to see her soon. That is all I know,” Chad said.
“You seem like you are mad or something. Are you mad at me?” Lucinda asked.
“No, I’m not mad at you. I’m mad that this happened to my best friend. I’m mad that my friend and my sister will never have happiness like we share. I am just mad at life right now. Lucinda, I am going to get a hotel room now. I’ll call you later,” Chad said as he walked out the door.
 Lucinda was unhappy that Chad left so suddenly. She feared that he would head back to Italy without saying goodbye. She ran out the front door after him.
“Chad, please don’t leave now. I want to be with you. Don’t you see, we need to be together to get over this,” Lucinda said.
“I want to be alone. I told you that I would call you later,” Chad said.
“Let me at least call a taxi for you,” Lucinda replied.
“No, I’ll walk. I need time to think,” Chad replied as he walked down the driveway.
I can’t believe this is happening right now. I lost my brother and I might lose my boyfriend. What else could go wrong, Lucinda said to herself. She went inside to her room. She got under the covers and cried. She was exhausted from the day, so she quickly fell asleep. She slept the rest of the day until ten the next morning. 
“Lucinda, telephone,” Maria yelled through the bedroom door.
“Mom, I don’t want to talk to anyone right now,” she said.
“Lucinda, it’s Chad on the phone,” Maria said.
Lucinda got up and opened her bedroom door. She took the phone from her mom. 
“Hello?” she said.
“Hey, it’s me. I just wanted to call you and tell you that I’m heading back to Italy,” Chad said.
“Right now? What? Don’t you want to see me before you leave?” Lucinda asked.
“I can’t. You remind me too much of Caleb right now. I just want to go home and be by myself. Be away from here for now. I’ll call you soon. Bye,” Chad said as he hung up the phone.
The phone went dead and Lucinda was heartbroken. She couldn’t understand why Chad would leave so hastily, or why he would leave without them being able to talk. She threw the phone down and slammed her bedroom door. She jumped onto her bed and pulled the covers over her head and cried. 

Chapter Thirty-Three
Three weeks passed without a letter or phone call from Chad. Lucinda just knew that she lost him forever. She thought that he had been acting weird before the accident, and now he was acting even weirder.  She didn’t know if she could forgive him for the way he treated her or if she wanted to forgive him.
At last, a letter came from Chad on Friday. She opened the letter and dreaded reading the contents. She feared that he would give her the bad news that he wanted to end their relationship. She forced herself to read the words.
Dear Lucinda, I wanted to say I was sorry for leaving so hastily the day of the funeral. I haven’t been that upset in a long time. I didn’t know how to handle Caleb’s death, or what to say to you or your family. I regret leaving without properly saying goodbye to you. I miss you and feel horrible for my actions that day. I love you and I guess I didn’t know how to deal with that, and deal with everything else that was happening. I miss you and want you to know that I am sorry for my actions. I will be getting out in a few days from the military and wish that I could stop by your house. If you do not want me to, then write me back and let me know. I hope that you will forgive me. I am sorry that I am just now writing you, for I didn’t know how to send this letter after my behavior. I know you probably have questions about everything. I hope you do not question my sincere thoughts of you or my love for you. Again I am deeply sorry. I hope that I will be able to show you how much I d, care about you. I know there is nothing I can do to erase my mistakes or my shortcomings. But I would like to give it a try. There is something else I need to tell you about.  But, I know that it must wait till I see you face-to-face. Yours truly, Chad.
Lucinda could not find the words to write Chad back. She felt confused by his letter but happy that he finally wrote to her. What news did he have to share? she thought. What couldn’t he tell me till he saw me face-to-face? she questioned. She was happy that he was getting out of the military, but feared the news that he had to share.
She decided not to reply to his letter. She didn’t know what to say. She loved him, but was confused by his previous behavior. If he loved me, then why did he leave so suddenly that day? He said it was because of Caleb’s death and his feeling for me, but why didn’t he stay and let me help comfort him?  she thought.
She tried to stay busy the next few days, but nothing got Chad off her mind. She knew he would be coming home soon, but feared what he had to tell her. She hoped that everything would be made perfect the day he arrived. She hoped for the best and feared the worst.
Chapter Thirty-Four
It was Saturday morning. Lucinda got out of bed and jumped into the shower. Maria heard a knock on the door and went to see who it was. 
After Lucinda finished washing her hair, she heard Maria open the door. Then she overheard her mother talking to Chad. 
“Hello, Chad, it is good to see you again.”
“Hey, it is nice to see you again, too. Is Lucinda home?” he asked.
“Yes, she is in the shower. Do you want to come into the den? I can fix you something to eat or get you a glass of tea,” Maria said.
“Yes, that would be nice. I haven’t eaten anything today,” he replied.  
As Maria went into the kitchen to fix a plate for Chad. Lucinda came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her hair. She came out and saw Chad sitting in the den.
“Chad, what are you doing here?” she said.
“I’m finally home,” he replied.
“Why didn’t you call or something? We could have picked you up at the airport,” Lucinda said.
“I wanted to surprise you, and I guess I did,” he replied as he took a quick glance over her form.
Lucinda realized that she was standing in front of Chad with a towel around her head and one around her body.
“Oh my goodness, wait a minute,” she said as she ran to her room.
When she came back, she saw Maria handing over a plate to Chad.
“Thanks, this looks good. I am so hungry,” he said.
“Lucinda should be out of the shower soon. She is going to be surprised that you are here,” Maria said.
“Yes, I think she will be,” he replied with a smile. He didn’t want her mother to know that he had seen her in just a towel.
Chad started eating his dinner like he had never had a meal before. 
“Look who is here, Lucinda,” Maria said.
“I see, Mother. Can you give Chad and me some time alone? We have lots to catch up on,” Lucinda said.
“Of course. It is nice seeing you again, Chad,” Maria said.
Lucinda walked around the coffee table and sat down next to Chad.
“You wrote me and said that you need to tell me something. Something that needed to be said face-to-face,” Lucinda said.
“I see you are going to get straight to the point,” Chad replied.
“I think it is best, don’t you?” she asked.
“All right, I will tell you. First, why didn’t you write me back?” he asked.
“I didn’t know what to say. Chad, you hurt me,” Lucinda replied as she looked down.
“I know I have hurt you. I have no excuse for what I did. I’m sorry I didn’t stay after Caleb’s funeral. It hurt way too much. Anyway, I have something to tell you. Something that needs to be said. Although I do not think you are going to like it, it still needs to be said. If we are going to move on in our relationship, we need to be honest with one another,” Chad said.
“What do you want to tell me?” Lucinda said with hesitation.
“Lucinda, a few weeks before Caleb came home, and I introduced him to my sister, Mia. What I didn’t tell you was that Mia had a traveling companion with her, her friend Megan. Anyway, she and I hit it off and Caleb and I double-dated with Mia and Megan,” Chad said.
“You did what?” Lucinda questioned.
“You heard me. I went out with Mia’s friend, Megan. I begged Caleb not to tell you and he promised. I guess he feared that if he told you about me and Megan, I would have objected to his dating Mia. Anyway, I felt extremely guilty about it. That is why I couldn’t write you for a while. I’m sorry,” Chad said as he looked down at his fingers.
“What exactly happened? Do you like her? What did you two do?” Lucinda asked.
“It meant nothing. Yes, I was attracted to her. We went out. We kissed, but that is where it ended. It felt like I was kissing my sister or something. I didn’t go out with her again after that,” Chad replied.
“Chad, you just admitted to me that you cheated on me and I’m supposed to act like nothing happened. How can you stand here and tell me you cheated on me?” Lucinda cried.
“Lucinda, I didn’t cheat. Nothing happened. I’m sorry,” Chad replied as he reached over to console her.
“Get out. I never want to see you again,” Lucinda cried.
“Lucinda, I beg you. Don’t let this ruin what we have. We’ve shared more things together than most people do their whole lives. Please, don’t hate me,” Chad pleaded.
“You don’t want me to ruin what we have. You are the one who ruined everything,” Lucinda said with tears flowing down her face. “I told you to get out,” she cried.
“I’ll go for now. But I will be back tomorrow. Please calm down and remember I love you,” Chad said.
Lucinda ran to her room and shut the door as Chad walked out the front door. Maria heard the commotion and stood out of sight as she listened to their argument.
“Lucinda, what’s the matter?” Maria said as she knocked on her door.
“Mom, just leave me alone. I want to be alone for now,” Lucinda replied.
“All right, I’ll leave you alone. But if you want to talk, I’ll be here for you,” Maria replied.
Chapter Thirty-Five  

Lucinda woke up early the next day regretting yelling at Chad. She knew that his betrayal was not as bad as she had made it out to be. She knew that she wasn’t wrong for getting mad at him, but went a little extreme with it. She wanted to erase that day from her mind, but she was glad that he was finally home. She knew she had to find him before he left for his parent’s house. His parents didn’t live too far away, but she didn’t want to risk losing him all over again.
She went to the telephone and got out the phonebook and searched for every possible person with the name Collins who lived in Cullman. She tried for over an hour to locate him, but was unable to. As soon as Lucinda hung up the phone, the phone rang. She answered. “Hello, this is Lucinda.”
“Lucinda, I have been trying to reach you for about an hour now. I hope we can get together today and talk,” Chad said.
“Chad, thank goodness. I have been trying to locate you for some time now. I’m sorry that I got so mad at you yesterday. Yes, I would love for you to come over, so we can be alone,” she replied.
“Yeah, I’ll be there in about fifteen minutes,” Chad replied.
When Chad arrived at the Norman house, Lucinda was waiting by the front door. She heard a car pull up in the driveway and saw Chad getting out of a taxi.
“Mom, I’m going to get something to eat with Chad. I’ll be home later,” Lucinda said.
“Are you sure? Yesterday, you seemed pretty mad at him,” Maria asked.
“I was, but things are better. We are going to talk things out. I’ll be back soon,” Lucinda replied.
Lucinda closed the door behind her and hurried over to where Chad was standing.
“I’m sorry,” she said as she gave him a hug.
“Me too. Get in and we can leave. Where would you like to go?” Chad asked.
“Let’s go to Lambert’s. They have the best seafood platters around. Or, if you don’t like seafood they have chicken and steaks,” Lucinda replied.
“Sounds good. Lambert’s, sir,” Chad said to the driver.
“Where did you stay last night?” Lucinda asked.
“I found a hotel just right up the road from you,” Chad replied.
“That doesn’t matter, I’m just so glad you have forgiven me. I care about you and only you,” Chad said to reassure her.
“I know. I told you that we are meant to be together. I just don’t understand why you would risk that, by being with another girl,” Lucinda replied.
“I don’t know. Maybe I was scared or something. Maybe I just wanted to be sure,” he said.
“Well, are you sure now?” she asked.
“I am more sure now than I have ever been. You are the only girl for me, and I mean that,” he replied.
“Where did you go last night when you left the house?” Lucinda asked.
“First, I walked. I went to the park by your house. I sat on the swings thinking about how things went with us. Then, I went back to Cullman to see my family,” Chad replied.
“I bet your family was thrilled to see you,” Lucinda said.
“Yes, they were. They wouldn’t quit making a fuss over me. They called everyone they knew to tell them I was home. They are planning a party for me tonight. I want you to come and meet them,” Chad said.
“You want me to come meet your parents?” she asked.
“Yes and probably every family member who lives in a twenty-mile range. My parents went nuts and invited the whole city,” he said.
“I would love to go meet your family, but are you sure?” Lucinda inquired.
“Yes, why wouldn’t I be? After all, we will be getting married one day. I think you need to meet your future in-laws,” Chad replied.
Lamberts had a long waiting list for dinner. So they decided to get some takeout and go to the park by her house. The taxi driver obliged their request and took them to the China Place for some Chinese food. Then he dropped them off at the park.
“This is nice. Now we are all alone,” Lucinda said as she pulled out an egg roll.
“Yes. I love being outdoors. I wish I could build a house that was open and airy so we could hear the birds sing and smell the fresh flowers,” Chad said.
“Yes, that would be nice. But then you would have to worry about all the neighbors’ cats and dogs running through your living room,” Lucinda said with a smile.
“Yes, I guess you are right about that, but the thought was nice wasn’t it?” Chad said.
“Yes, it was,” Lucinda replied as she gave Chad a kiss on the cheek.

Chapter Thirty-Six
Lucinda was apprehensive about meeting Chad’s parents, the Collinses. She knew they must have been decent and respectable people to have raised a son so honest and just as he was. He had the integrity of a good and honorable man that she grew to love. She knew that his parents raised him to be a decent man with high ethics and sense of morality. She was afraid that they would think she wasn’t worthy enough to date their son. Chad never spoke much about his parents when they were together. She didn’t know what to expect. She didn’t know if he came from a wealthy family or a middle-class family. She hoped that his family were the latter. She knew that if they were, they would accept her better, considering that she came from a middle-class family herself.
Her father owned a small real estate company and her mom worked for a florist. She assumed that is where she acquired her love for plants and the outdoors.
 Lucinda and Chad arrived at his parents’ house shortly after dinnertime.
“Are you sure that you are not hungry? I can get my mother to fix you something to eat,” Chad said.
“I’m fine. You never did tell me what your parents’ names are. I should probably know what their names are,” Lucinda said.
“My mother is Donna and my dad is Randall,” Chad replied.
“Donna and Randall. I would never have guessed. What are your parents like?” Lucinda asked.
“They are a lot like yours. Quit worrying, they are going to love you just like I do,” Chad replied as he opened up the door leading into his parents’ home.  
“Mom, dad, this is Lucinda. Lucinda, this is my mom and dad,” Chad said as he approached the living room.
“Hello, Lucinda, it is nice to finally meet you. Chad has told us so much about you,” Donna said.
“I hope they have been good things,” Lucinda replied.
“Yes, they were. But I do want to say I am so sorry about you losing your brother recently,” Donna said.
“Thanks. It has been hard,” Lucinda said.
“Were you two close?” Randall asked.
“Dad, Mom, can we change the subject? I don’t think Lucinda wants to talk about this right now,” Chad said.
“No, it’s all right. Yes, we were very close. It happened so suddenly and so soon after he got home.  My parents didn’t even get to see him before he died,” Lucinda said.
“That is so sad. I can’t even imagine the grief they are feeling. I don’t know what I would do if I ever lost my son,” Donna said.
“Yes, it has been hard on all of us. Caleb was such a nice and sweet person. I don’t think he ever made an enemy. Everyone just loved him,” Lucinda said.
“Well, I wish we could have met him. If he was anything like you are, than he was something special,” Donna said. 
“That is sweet of you to say. Thank you,” Lucinda replied.
“Well, come in and sit down. Are you hungry? I can fix something for you,” Donna said.
“No, I’m fine. I just wanted to say that it is good to finally meet you both. Chad is very special to me. I knew that you two would be nice and kind, just like he is,” Lucinda said.
“Thank you,” Donna replied.
“So Lucinda, Chad, what are your plans?” Randall asked.
“What do you mean, Dad?” Chad asked.
“You know what I mean, son. Are you two planning on getting married?” Randall asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe one day. We are still trying to get to know each other right now. I wanted her to meet you so she would know where I came from,” Chad replied.
“Lucinda, how do you feel about marriage?” Randall asked
“Dad, would you drop this?” Chad said with frustration.
 “Mr. Collins, I love your son. Yes, I hope he does ask me to marry him one day. But I want him to get to know me better and for me to get to know him better first,” Lucinda said.
“Son, what are your intentions when it comes to Lucinda. Are you in love with her, and do you plan on asking her to marry you?” Randall inquired.
“Dad, Yes! Yes, I love her. But, I will ask her when I feel like I am ready. I can’t believe you are doing this to me,” Chad replied. “Lucinda, are you ready to go now?” Chad asked.
“So soon, son?” Donna said.
“Yes, I think the twenty questions have been enough. Are you ready to go, Lucinda?” Chad asked.
“Yes, if you are. Mr. and Mrs. Collins it has been a pleasure. I hope I will get to come visit you again soon,” Lucinda said.
Chad grabbed her hand and headed out the front door.
“Chad, what is the matter? Don’t worry about what they said. You have nothing to be embarrassed about,” Lucinda said.
“I am not embarrassed. I am frustrated. I wanted this time to be special. I wasn’t expecting my mom and dad to be total jerks,” Chad replied.
“They were fine. Don’t worry about it,” Lucinda replied.
“No, everything is not fine. Lucinda, I wanted this day to be special for you. I am so sorry it hasn’t been,” Chad said as he pulled out a ring from his pocket
“Chad, is that what I think it is?” Lucinda asked.
Chad got down on one knee and said, “Lucinda, I know we haven’t known each other that long. I know I have been a total idiot. But I know that you are the one for me. I can wait as long as you want to wait. As long as I know that you will marry me, I will wait for you forever. Please tell me that you will be my bride.”
“Chad, there is nothing that I want more. You know that your parents and my parents are going to think we are totally crazy,” Lucinda said.
“I know. But since the loss of your brother, I know how short life is. I don’t want to lose a second of it anymore. I know that we have to embrace every minute. Please tell me you will marry me,” Chad said.
“Yes. I will marry you,” Lucinda said as she grabbed his hands and pulled him to his feet.
“Kiss me like you’ve never kissed me before,” Lucinda said.
Chad picked her up in his arms and planted a long steamy kiss.
They kissed for a while, and they both realized that they were still standing in front of his parents’ house.
“Do you want to tell your parents?” Lucinda asked.
“I do, but I want you to tell your parents first. Come on, let’s go and tell them now,” Chad said
 
	Chapter Thirty-Seven	
Lucinda and Chad decided to have a short engagement. They wanted to get married on Valentine’s day, which was only a few months away. Lucinda asked her friend, Veronica, to help with the wedding arrangements. Veronica’s mother worked as a party planner for ten years now and Lucinda knew she would be the perfect person to help her, since she was on a modest budget.
“First of all, I need to know what your wedding colors are going to be,” Veronica said.
“Since it is going to be on Valentine’s Day, I’ve decided on red and pink as my colors,” Lucinda replied.
“Good, this gives us something to work with. Do you know what types of flowers you want to be in your bouquets?” Veronica asked.
“Yes, I like roses and lilies, and oh yeah, I like gardenias. They are so pretty. That would make a pretty arrangement, wouldn’t it?” she asked.
“Yes, they all would be nice to make an arrangement with. You could add baby’s-breath, and some small daisies as fillers,” Veronica answered.
“See, I knew you would know what to do. You’ve always had the best taste. What’s next?” she asked.
“Have you and Chad picked out your wedding bands yet?” Veronica asked.
“No. I didn’t even think about that. What else?”
“Well, you’ll need invitations, a cake, food, your dress and your bridal party’s dresses,” Veronica went on. Do you want to go try on a wedding dress? I can call your mother and have her meet us at Nathan’s Bridal Shop.”
“That sounds all right. I would love to pick out a wedding dress. I’ve always imagined having a long flowing white gown with sequins and a large veil with a tiara,” Lucinda said.
“It sounds like you have a pretty good idea of what you are looking for. That will help us a lot on planning this wedding. Thanks again for asking me. Don’t worry about paying me anything. “You are my best friend in the whole world, and I want it to be my gift to you.  All except expenses, of course,” Veronica said.
“Of course. I wouldn’t expect you to pay for any of that. Are you sure you don’t want me to pay you something? After all, your mother is experienced in all of this,” Lucinda said.
“I’m sure. She has known you for several years now, too. I’m sure she would like this to be a gift to you from her, too,” Veronica replied. “Let’s get going. It might take us all day to find that perfect dress,” 
“I know. I am so excited, but also nervous. I want to be beautiful for Chad. At least, I want him to think I am,” Lucinda said.
“You are beautiful, and you are going to make a dazzling bride. Especially with my help, so let’s get moving,” Veronica said.
The first dress Lucinda tried all was way too big. She wondered if maybe she lost some weight since the funeral. She knew that she hadn’t been eating well. The second dress color looked off white and Lucinda knew that she wanted a pure white dress. The fourth one looked way too plain and too short. The fifth one was perfect. The gown was a strapless, fitted trumpet gown with subtle white flower appliques, sparkling silver sequins and lace with a chapel train. Lucinda knew that this was the dress for her and she refused to try on any more. She found a crystal accented leaf tiara with rhinestones and pearls, which was attached to a cathedral length veil, which had two layers of tulle that gave it a romantic look.
Veronica helped her scan over the bride’s maids dresses. Lucinda fell in love with a red satin strapless gown that had a slight sweetheart neckline and an a-line skirt, with a wide ruched waist band. She chose a spaghetti strap organza ball gown with beaded embroidered bodice with a horizontal embroidered skirt for her flower girl to wear.
“Have you decided who your bride’s maids are going to be and who your flower girl will be?” Veronica asked.
“No, but I will probably ask Chad’s sister to be a bridesmaid and my niece, Krysta, to be my flower girl. After that, I have no idea other than you are going to be my maid of honor,” Lucinda said.
“I guess I can perform the duty,” Veronica joked. “Especially since you picked out such pretty dresses.”
“I know. They are all pretty. I’m glad we came here. This place has such a nice selection,” Lucinda replied. 
“Tomorrow I will make an appointment to go to Bon-Appetit, the cake bakery. I want you to think of what you want your cake to look like. They can draw up a cake from your description or you can bring in pictures for this to model the cake after.”
“I have an idea. I want my cake to resemble a castle or something from the Middle Ages. A princess and a knight can be my toppers,” Lucinda said.
“That sounds really cute. I know this wedding is going to be fabulous, especially with my help,” Veronica joked.

Chapter Thirty-Eight
The wedding day had finally come. Chad arrived at the venue early with his parents. The wedding planners were preparing the tables, while the caterers were setting up their entrees. When the cake was brought in Chad began to cry. He remembered his time with Lucinda in the castle. He knew that he was meant to be with her.
The cake was a three-tier white cake with butter cream icing. It had a stunning castle on top made out of edible fondant. The cake was made to look like a lovely garden with red and pink roses on each tier. In front of the castle was a princess and a knight kneeling in front of her. One layer had a raspberry cream filling, one with cream cheese filling, and the last one with a coconut cream filling.
The venue was decorated with red and pink colored floral arrangements made into crystal vases. White candles were on tables that had exquisite linens and fine china. Pink lighting was brought in for the reception area with a dance floor. The aroma was a stimulating smell of flower blossoms wakening the senses.
Lucinda was pleased by her gown and how nice and sexy it made her feel. She never thought of herself as a sexy woman, but the dress made her feel like she was. Having a boyfriend made her feel that way, too.
“Chad is going to be the perfect husband. I know he will treat me well,” she said to Veronica.
“He better or he will answer to me,” Veronica said jokingly.
Lucinda heard a knock on the door.
“Lucinda, I need to talk to you,” Chad said as he knocked on the door.
Lucinda was busy getting dressed when she heard the knock.
“Chad, are you crazy. I’m getting dressed,” she replied.
“Lucinda, it will only take a minute. I want to show you everything, the reception area, the cake, the flowers. Come on, while we have time,” Chad urged.
Lucinda quickly got on her dress and opened the door.
“You are not supposed to see me until the wedding!” she exclaimed.
“I don’t believe in all that bad luck crap. Come on, I want to show you how everything looks,” he said as he grabbed her hand. She followed him down the hall toward the chapel door.
“Lucinda, you look lovely in your dress. I hope everything turned out as nice as you had hoped it would,” Chad said.
“Yes, I think it has. I haven’t seen everything set up yet, but I chose the flowers and designed the cake,” Lucinda said.  
“They did a good job with the cake. It was a very good idea. You know, I kind of wish that we could have returned to the castle with all our family and friends for the wedding. Wouldn’t that be nice?” he asked.
“Yes, but remember our family doesn’t know anything about our time at the castle,” she replied.
“I know. I still think it would be nice,” he said.
As they approached the chapel door, he opened it and before they realized it, they were not in the church anymore. 
“Oh no, not again,” Lucinda said with a smile.
“Are you ready for another adventure?” Chad asked.
“I guess, if you are,” Lucinda replied. 

