
The Apes of Eden
The Journey Begins
By Jon P. Gunn

iCrew Digital Productions
Chula Vista, California

Table of Contents 
Title Page
Copyright
Social Media
Acknowledgments
Iambic Pentameter
The Apes of Eden
Prologue and Invocation
Book 1 - Antiquities of Eden
Genesis
Exodus
The Fall
The Classicist
The Classicist continued
The Classicist (concluded)
The Missionaries
The Missionaries (Continued)
The Missionaries (concluded)
David and the Cyclops
Book 2 - In the Wilderness
In the Wilderness
The Solipsist
The Theologue
The Moralist
The Moralist (continued)
The Moralist (concluded)
The Apocalypse of Castor
The Apocalypse of Castor (concluded)
The Ape and the Ogre
The Ape and the Ogre (concluded)
The Fisherman
The Fisherman (continued)
The Fisherman (concluded)
The War with Was
Book 3 - The War with Hell
The Temptation
The Gospel According to Lucifer
The Gospel of Lucifer (continued)
The Gospel of Lucifer (concluded) 
The Quarrel
The Onslaught
The Battle
The Triumph
About the Author

The Apes of Eden – The Journey Begins
By Jon P. Gunn
Copyright Kent F. Gunn 2014
Published by iCrew Digital Publishing at Smashwords


This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.


All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
“This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

”

iCrew Digital Productions
Website: icrewdigital.com
Email: icrew@cox.net
First eBook Edition: October 2013
Smashwords Edition:  January 2014
Cover credits
Cover Illustration by Annie Hobbs 
Chapter Graphics by Annie Hobbs
Cover Illustration © Annie Hobbs
Anniehobbsillustration.com

iCrew Digital Productions is an independent publisher of digital works. We support the efforts of authors who wish to self-publish in the digital realm
ISBN 978-0-9851752-0-7.

 Apes of Eden on the Internet

Website for The Apes of Eden

Literate Louie’s Facebook Page

Follow @apesofeden on Twitter

Acknowledgments 

I met Jon P. Gunn through a Navy friend in 1983. He inspired me, entertained me, challenged me and then finally gave me one of the greatest gifts that I ever received, the manuscript for The Apes of Eden. He died shortly thereafter but made a solemn last request that I wait 30 years before sharing the Apes with the world. I am honoring that request by publishing The Apes of Eden as a trilogy. 

iCrew Digital Productions started as a high school club at Hilltop High consisting of very talented individuals who are just now reaching the primes of their careers. iCrew was preceded by another group of students equally talented as a part of Southwest High Video Productions. iCrew continues with young, talented group of photographers at Mater Dei Catholic High School in Chula Vista. These kids are my inspiration and my family.

I would like to thank some of the many who the Apes of Eden begin their journey including Abigail Nieuwenhuis, formerly iCrew member Abby Beckner, who performed much of the editing on the Apes. iCrew Member Karin Street has provided much needed business sense and advice. Thanks to iCrew member Stacee Strickland, who pointed me to Annie Hobbs, who has created an inspiring cover that will bring in countless curious readers to the world of Literate Louie, the Scribe of the Tribe.

Special thanks to Cheryl Johnson of Skye’s the Limit Publishing for formatting the print version of The Apes of Eden. Her friendship and advice through the years have been invaluable.

And my greatest thanks to the author, who continues to inspire me. Each time I read the Apes of Eden, I learn more about him and his wonderful legacy. He was a magician with words. Let the magic continue.

Rick Lakin, Publisher
iCrew Digital Productions 
Iambic Pentameter 

I’m kinda glad you got me in this fix.
You never let me use my magic tricks.

The Apes of Eden is written in rhymed iambic pentameter thus falling into the category called heroic couplets. Each line has 10 syllables and the pairs of lines rhyme.

While many lines were written in 10 syllables in very early Latin, it was Geoffrey Chaucer who added the meter and originated iambic pentameter in the English Language which was further immortalized in many plays and sonnets of William Shakespeare.


The Apes of Eden
The Journey Begins
By Jon P. Gunn

Prologue and Invocation 

My present goal is briefly to describe
the mighty deeds of Eden's famous Tribe
from high antiquity to modern times
in lucid, readable Heroic Rhymes
that nearly any member of our band
with brains between his ears, can understand.

Permit me, first, a word on scribal Style:
Traditions have been fixed for quite a while;
and I shall follow them, however it
displeases readers lacking taste and wit.
I write as Eden's classic authors wrote.
Wherever possible, I try to quote
their golden iambs. Thus should every scribe
of Eden keep the records of the Tribe.
All tastes are not alike, I realize.
I nonetheless decline to compromise!
What compromise is possible? One type
of reader savors Art, the other, tripe.
There is no tepid "Middle Way" to go.
Like death, or pregnancy, it's Yes or No--
You'll either be enraptured by the terse,
majestic cadence of Heroic Verse
or else it drives you screaming up the wall.
There seems to be no neutral ground at all.
I don't expect my work to go to waste.
We have, among us, apes of cultured taste:
the Literate Elite. I write for those.
Let lowbrows read some Scribbler's dreary prose.

This book will fill some long-felt needs. For one,
our present tribal Archives weigh a ton.
The custom of inscribing all our lore
on chiseled slabs of stone, as heretofore,
has meant that history has put on weight
beyond my competence to estimate--
much less to carry. Nor have volunteers
come forth to share this load I've borne for years
through prairies, mountains, deserts, swamps and sloughs
as Eden's Tribe it's holy Quest pursues.
A sedentary race of stay-at-homes
is justified in storing weighty tomes,
but apes who have our quest-pursuing bent
with lighter reading ought to be content.

The land through which we travel now is rife
with deadly hazards to one's health and life:
explosive gas from smoking fumaroles,
and dragons darting out of clefts and holes,
and winged snakes, concealed in clouds of gray
volcano smoke, to pounce upon their prey.
It's difficult for someone to compete
unless he's quick and agile on his feet,
and not encumbered by a heavy sack
of Literary Treasures on his back.
And if the harsh, relentless truth be told,
I'm past my prime of life: I'm getting old.
A lighter load would be a boon to me.
I'm not as nimble as I used to be.
Besides, too many "documents" we keep
are uninformative--a cumbrous heap
of sherds and fragments which cannot be read;
or commentaries, made by scribes long dead,
on writings which were subsequently lost
among the swamps and deserts we have crossed;
or whopping tales the ancient used to weave,
which now not even gaffers can believe
or myths our Senior Tribesmen have themselves
devised--of goblins, pixies, spooks and elves--
which scribes with little talent of their own
as chroniclers, immortalized in stone.
We have some archives which exist in three
or four editions, none of which agree.
Least valuable of all our books are those
in cryptic tongues no living tribesman knows.
Be sensible: Do antiquaries need
archaic texts which none of us can read?
There's too much trash the Tribe of Eden owns
of which in vain we ask: What Mean These Stones?

The monsters we contend with, day by day,
have proven helpful, in a passive way.
The fuming pits abounding in this land
provide the chemicals with which I've tanned
the dragon-leather which, if bleached, makes quite
a choice material on which to write.
One modest credit more: I'm first to think
of using dragons' soot-black blood for ink.
If all goes well, I shall present the whole
of Eden's history on one small scroll,
in style and portability improved,
with errors and obscurities removed--
a text which may an inspiration be
to apes, throughout our future destiny,
instead of merely stirring up dissent
by giving quibblers grounds for argument.
In place of many clashing texts, I give
you one, coherent and definitive!
No “food for thought” is lost. I promise that.
I save the meat, although I trim the fat.

For this first time in many days, the view
is relatively peaceful--with a few
small winged serpents soaring in the night;
but not a single Dragon is in sight.
I'll seize this priceless opportunity
to finish editing my History
before another troupe of monsters choose
to interrupt me. Let's get started, Muse!

  Literate Louie
  Scribe of the Tribe
  December, 19067


The First Book of Louie 

commonly called

The Antiquities of Eden

Genesis 
According to the legends of our race
the Tribe originated in a place
called Eden. It lies "east," but east of where
is now no longer known. It’s said that there
our first progenitors came down from trees
where they had ripened in the sun and breeze.
A second legend contradicts the first,
and says we fell from Heaven, roundly cursed
by worried gods who recognized that we
were latent threats to their supremacy,
and wisely chose to banish us to Hell
before they had a Great Revolt to quell.
We outmaneuvered them, and landed here
on Earth. Just how we did it isn’t clear;
the legend’s Happy Ending seems to be
a missing page in tribal history.
The "War in Heaven" is a common theme
in ancient lore--so common, it would seem,
that writers who refer to it suppose
it is a story everybody knows,
which needn't be repeated. Since they fail
to give the Plot, or even much detail,
it’s hard to build a narrative around
the mere allusions, which are all I’ve found.
The War occurred; of that there’s little doubt,
since apes cannot be brusquely ordered out.
Apparently the Tribe was put to flight,
but surely not without a brutal fight.
A third, still stranger, theory says we came
from human beings. That one’s rather lame!
No ape with half his wits about him can
believe we Higher Apes evolved from Man--
the lowest of the primates, mere cartoons,
the moral peers of mandrills or baboons!
And yet this superstition still persists
among small cliques of crypo-atheists,
who flaunt their right to "freedom of belief"
with grudging toleration by our Chief.
Some ancient scribes, rejecting "theory," say
we’ve always been as we exist today;
we neither dropped from Heaven nor arose
"by evolution" from our racial foes.
That open-ended past I can’t conceive,
nor do I know which theories to believe.
I only know that Eden, lush and fair,
exists, and we originated there.
How else can one explain how "Eden" came
to be our own distinctive tribal name?
From most surviving records, it appears
we stayed in Eden twenty million years--
but some say twenty billion. Others give
a shorter span. I can’t be positive
when scribal records handed down to me
are mistransmitted so creatively.
We lived a tranquil and idyllic life
unmarred by hardships, danger, toil and strife.
In Eden every fruit this planet knew,
and every flower, in profusion grew.
The lotus blossoms, amaranths* and palms
enriched the zephyrs with their fragrant balms,
and rainbow-colored lovebirds trilled among
the vines, where grapes the size of melons hung.
The very weeds were elegantly decked
with breeds of flowers one would least expect.
We gorged on fruits, fresh-ripened every day
for our convenience, in profuse array.
Among the shady fronds we took our ease,
or chased each other up and down the trees,
or polished up our acrobatic stunts
on boughs that bore a dozen fruits at once,
dislodging pears on one another’s head
and seeing mangoes ripen in their stead--
or any crop that met the moment’s needs.
We pelted passersby with rinds and seeds.
We made up games, then freely changed the rules.
We grinned at our reflections in the pools.
Uncounted generations came and went
before we tired of ease and merriment.
In autumn of our twenty millionth year
some Mental Ferment started to appear.
A wise old ape, with fur of iron-gray,
would circulate among us, day by day,
persuading us that Eden could not be
unless created by a Deity.
He thought a cosmos ruled by natural laws
in order to exist, must have a Cause.
_______________
*At last I’ve found a rhyme for "amaranth,"
but have no place to use it: "coelacanth,"
a mythologic fish with "hollow spine"
(from which the name derives) who swam the brine
of fabled, purely-legendary seas
existing only in mythologies.
I’m trying to preserve this sort of gem;
some future poet may have need of them.
Perhaps my reader’s not aware that "aardvark"
rhymes, at least trochically, with "card shark."
Also, as a last resort, an "orange"
rhymes the first two syllables of "porring-
er." (Mishyphenations can and do
beget such monsters by the cageful.) --Lou
_______________
He had a scroll that no one else could read,
which he unrolled when there arose the need
to prove some point about the proper way
to plan a universe. My archives say
there’d been no antecedent for his view
of Cosmic Verities--the false and true
which we, his philosophic heirs, agree
are fundamental to theology.
His views are never questioned, any more,
but no one had suggested them before,
and very few among us thought they could
concern ourselves. The few who understood
his far-fetched lore of Cosmic Deity
decried its lack of practicality.
Our tribal common knowledge was that Earth
was just a mote among the stars--not worth
a second’s notice by a Being who
has vastly more important things to do.
Within a universe so grandly wrought,
this world was but a cosmic afterthought.
That Sage of old worked hard to set us straight,
and, point by point, out-talked us in debate.
He made us grudgingly begin to doubt
we really had the cosmos figured out.
He showed, with excerpts quoted from his book
the errors in our thinking. We mistook
Existence for Necessity.
 "This land
exists," he said, “but try to understand
it wouldn’t have to. Likely it would not
if sun or moon were only half as hot.
Were any of a hundred factors changed,
the world might be completely rearranged.
Suppose the moon and stars were just as bright
as sunshine is--we couldn’t sleep at night.
But what compels the Lesser Lights to glow
so modestly? Does anybody know?
Suppose the sun came up before the dawn,
or set when twilight was already gone--
what Power holds in such precise array
these alternations of the night and day?
Has not some knowing, caring Intellect
arranged the world for us, in this respect?
Suppose (instead of horizonal) land
were vertical : where could a person stand?
And, if it were inverted , we would fly
to our destruction down into the sky!
Could living creatures on their own devise
this deft arrangement of the lands and skies?
Suppose the rainfall here were slightly more.
Our lake would gradually encroach the shore
(its equilibrium upset) until
its water inundates the highest hill!
If coconuts fell up, instead of down,
we wouldn’t find them lying on the ground;
we’d have to climb the palm trees. Why do grapes
and berries grow within the reach of apes
instead of (for example) underground,
where they’d have sprouted by the time they’re found?
Our favorite roots don’t grow in rock, but soil,
extractable with negligible toil.
This all occurred by Chance, the Skeptics say;
but how can chance make things a certain way ?
By chance alone, the sky might not be blue;
it might be brown. Would that appeal to you?
We apes are brown. What color might we be
by chance? Blue apes would be a sight to see!
Consider trees: Were trees one foot in height,
how could we build our nests up high at night?
Or fingernails: exactly where they ought
to grow. Without them, how could fleas be caught?
There’s no place on us where a flea can go
that can’t be scratched with finger or with toe;
so even we were planned, in each detail,
to be ourselves, from brain to fingernail.
This couldn’t all be chance. Please understand
this world did not 'just happen'--it was planned !
This proves--" (He paused to puzzle through his scroll)
"--that all these things are under God’s control!"
He was the greatest thinker of the age.
Adducing arguments like these, the Sage,
since Order in the Universe persists,
convinced us a Divinity exists.
He pressed his thesis further, saying we
should go in quest of Cosmic Deity--
he’d met someone, he said, who’d thought it odd
that we, the Higher Apes, had not found God.
The Sage’s name is more than I can guess
from documents surviving now. This mess
of tribal books is scratched on potsherds, stones,
or scapulae and other broad, flat bones,
or shells, or slabs of rock, or sunbaked clay;
and some do not support what others say.
You’d think, when some great leader rose to fame,
that someone would at least record his name;
but, sorting archives, page by stony page,
the only thing I’ve seen him called is "Sage."
In all the lands our roving Tribe has crossed,
that’s not the only history we’ve lost.
To say that careless scribes have brought disgrace
on our profession, understates the case.
Though certain scribes were chroniclers indeed,
one doubts that others even learned to read.
My predecessor was incompetent.
Possessing little Jounalistic Bent,
as he "kept records," that unlettered hack
just "kept" them, unassorted, in a sack--
so that his long-neglected task devolved
on me, with all these problems unresolved.
Because it’s evidently up to me
to straighten out our tribal history,
I’ll make what sense I can of broken sherds
--and split infinitives, and misspelled words--
and trust my patient reader not to judge
a scribe too harshly, when he has to fudge.
But I digress. Our Leader from his perch
harangued us, swinging from a bough of birch
above the heads of our assembled band,
and gestured with his feet, and one free hand:
"With manifest Activity of Mind,
what mysteries we’d solve, what secrets find,
if we’d exploit our capabilities
instead of lolling idly in the trees.
As long as we’re content to loiter here
and shrink from Exploration, in our fear
of High Adventure waiting in the large
uncharted world beyond this garden’s marge
--if mere uncertainty leaves us agape
with fear--do we deserve the title, Ape?
Have we no higher destiny than this:
to bask in mindless idleness and bliss?
Who wants to be considered such a clod
he has to hedge when asked: Have you found God?
Let’s find the Deity!" our prophet cried,
and swung excitedly from side to side.
"Let’s forge a destiny that’s really worth
the efforts of the wisest race on Earth!"
His theme, reiterated doggedly,
elicited some widespread apathy.
The bulk of us preferred our slothful beds
among the fronds. We quailed, and wagged our heads.
Those apes who understood the Sage at all
made weak excuses: Why this rousing call
to go intrude on someone else’s haunt
while having everything we’ll ever want ?"
No aspect of his theme was weaker than
its lack of object, or specific plan.
He told us we should be out searching, but
could only obfuscate when asked:
"For what ?"

Exodus 

A few of us, however, were impressed
by aspirations which the Sage expressed.
We vacillated for a week or two;
but, as we argued, our ambitions grew.
His words had stirred a restless depth of ours
that wasn't touched by Eden's fruits and flowers.
Our long-submerged instinctive Thirst to Know,
once quickened, started day by day to grow
until the finest minds our race possessed
ignored the bored indifference of the rest
and joined the Sage. His following increased
to half the kingdom's citizens, at least.
Of ease and indolence we'd had enough.
At heart, an Ape is made of sterner stuff!
One day* enthusiasm reached a crest
and we began our Tribe's distinctive Quest.
_______________
*The year was not recorded, but the month
and day, for what they're worth, were April 1th.
_______________

Our Sage pronounced the signs and omens good.
We started, in a column, through the wood
alert for signs of God--although our task
could not begin till someone we could ask
turned up.

We spent the nights in trees. Each dawn
we forged ahead again. When we had gone
some hundred leagues, we came upon a Wall.
It stood about a half-sequoia tall,
and seemed--to some observers there, at least--

in both directions to be swerving east.
It dwindled in the distance, left and right,
across the wooded plane, no end in sight.
We met in council for a brief debate
on whether it was slightly curved, or straight.
Some thought it straight, while others said it swerved
a trifle east, as if the wall were curved.
We came to no conclusion, for the wall
curved only very slightly, if at all.*
____________________
*In certain ancient documents I've found
the wall of Eden's land described as round;
but that's a question which I gravely doubt
mere scholarship can ever straighten out.
Allusions to it, gleaned from here and there,
imply that other writers thought it square.
What shape is Eden? One assumes the land
is geometric, since divinely planned;
but can this be substantiated, when
the issue was disputed, even then?
Hypotheses abound, but facts are few;
I therefore hazard no opinion. --Lou.
____________________

It grew apparent, as our band drew near,
that this was Eden's westernmost frontier.
Our column halted at a lofty gate,
obstructed by a massive iron grate.
It looked impassable. The upper edge
was bordered by an overhanging ledge.
We couldn't climb it; that was plain to see.
The grate was locked, and no one had a key.
We held another council to decide
what size of ram would have to be applied.
While we exchanged opinions, pro and con,
we noticed an Outsider looking on.
A human, in a robe of brilliant red,
whose Halo floated just above his head,
appeared from nowhere, there beside the gate.
and turned, on hearing this unnatural being
ask us why we'd contemplated fleeing.
Shining wings were folded at his back--
equipment ordinary humans lack.
His pinions were of iridescent hues
like peacock feathers, mostly greens and blues,
complete with markings like a peacock's "eyes"--
a fact which, later, may have given rise
(when oft retold and bloated into myth)
to Argus Eyes a Cherub's dotted with.*
_______________
*This subject is discussed at greater length
in later scribal writings, on the strength
of statements by an "angel from on high"
(though "fallen") overheard by Eden's spy.
A Cherub, so our bestiaries say,
has eyes all over, peering every way.
No portion of a Cherub's body lacks
the Eyes that fleck his legs, and wings, and back.
Since real eyes no useful purpose serve
unless connected by an Optic Nerve
to certain regions of the Brain, behind
the Cerebrum, your author is inclined
to think the "many eyes" a Cherub sports
derive from Unreliable Reports.
Exaggerated cherub-tales may stem
from this particular account of them:
the peacock "eyes" which ornament their wings
have later prompted strange imaginings.
This is my own conjecture, I admit.
I've found no Text substantiating it.
_______________

I'll make this brief remark, and then resume:
I wouldn't want my reader to assume
that all antique historiography
deserves unquestioning credulity.
Catastrophes befalling Eden's Tribe
have caused the loss--no fault of any scribe--

of valid records (and mythology)
which, later, were recalled from memory.
And since our memorists of past events
aren't always well endowed with common sense,
some Fables are included in this log
that cloak the real past with mythic fog.
A scribe who feels he ought to do his bit
for tribal history, but finds his wit
unequal to the challenge, may avail
himself of some loquacious gaffer's tale--
and once it's written down, the tale appears
as true as facts we've known throughout the years.
Our tribal storytellers aren't the first
in that regard--at least they're not the worst.
Some things a scribe is called upon to do
demand he be as strong of back and thew
as in mentality; and when we must
decide between some dullard we can trust
and one of greater Subtlety, who may
be prone to dropping ballast on his way,
our clear-cut choice for Tribal Scribe is he
with strength to bear the weight of history--
a lot of which (before we learned the trick
of using scrolls) was graved on stone or brick.
So, as one may infer, not every scribe
has been the brightest member of the Tribe.
But lest I be misunderstood, this rule
need not imply a scribe must be a fool--
we always do our best to find the most
informed and literate, to fill that post;
but candidates with both the brawn and brain
required, are seldom easy to obtain.
Another complication dogs my work:
Too many ancient authors had the quirk
of glimpsing in our Tribe's mythology
fresh insights to epistemology.
They held the rather-problematic view
that other things than truth are really true.
Some even openly confessed a doubt
that truth should be expressly pointed out
--religious Truth, especially, they say,
can best be put across some subtler way.
Pretending not to tell the truth, one finds,
may bypass prejudice in others' minds,
so Truths are apprehended by the Heart
which one cannot discursively impart.
Instead of taking Intellect by storm,
one sneaks the Message in, in Symbol form
by using Parables to break the ice.
Just one or two examples will suffice:
To tell one's son to "have a dauntless will,"
makes no impression--but one can instill
such qualities through tales of derring-do
which are, by frank admission, quite untrue.
And tales our gaffers tell around the fire
presume ideals to which we should aspire,
thereby imparting truer truths to you
than dreary lists of Facts--which may be true,
but, lacking Deeper Meaning, won't enhance
your character, or change your moral stance.
To "tell it as it is" is too uncouth;
one has to Symbolize this Higher Truth.
This has its place, but not in history.
It isn't comprehensible to me
how anyone except a self-made dunce
can think his words both true and false at once.
Outlandish tales of angels, nymphs and elves
may have symbolic value in themselves
but don't reflect objective history,
and therefore have no relevance, for me.
Regrettably, my documents are full
of stories I dismiss as cock-and-bull,
but inextricably entangled with
attested facts. This subtle blend of myth
and truth has made a baffling mystery
of certain epochs in our history.
I've scrutinized each text I've come across
to separate the nuggets from the dross.
I hope I've been successful. Maybe not
in every case. I work with what I've got.
I cannot claim to have the final word,
and though I think the fables are absurd,
a few have been retained. The ones I've picked
are those I cannot flatly contradict,
and those so well entrenched in oral lore
they're vital to the Tribe's esprit-de-corps.
In other words, where valid records lapse,
I'm forced to fill the chronologic gaps
by citing, for what value they may be,
these myths of doubtful historicity.

At Eden's gate, the Cherub asked of us
our motive for the tribal exodus.
Not many of us had a quick reply.
We knew we had to go, but knew not why;
it was, somehow, too subtle to express--
a case of Spiritual Restlessness.
"It's come to our attention," said the Sage,
"that, lately, finding God is all the rage.
The project stirred our curiosity.
We're on a Quest, to search for Deity."
The Cherub chuckled. Taking one step toward
our startled band, he drew a flaming sword.
He didn't brandish it---just held it there
before his audience's gaping stare.
"I've no objection if you leave," said he,
"but few are those who get back in, past me.
My office is to warn you not to go,
since all you'll find is hunger, death and woe.
Time was when happiness could still be found
by Eden's exiles, if they looked around;
but now that Judgment Day has come and passed
the world's a wilderness, forlorn and vast.
Your Quest's in vain; but by the time you learn
the truth yourself, you'll find you can't return.
Since early times, I'm sorry to relate,
it's been no easy thing, to pass this gate.
Our residents do not know pain or fear,
and seldom wish to emigrate from here;
but foreigners, of every species there
have worldly wisdom--quite a nuisance where
our other citizens are innocent
of surplus knowledge, and Cerebral Bent.
"That's not the worst of it. In Eden's land
you've known no Evil. I'd dissuade your band
from learning greed, aggression and deceit,
without which no one gets enough to eat
in that decaying world that you will see
while searching--uselessly--for Deity."
"Who gave those orders?" cried our dauntless Sage.
"We apes have governed Eden since an age
before the oldest known antiquity.
We've had no king of such iniquity
that he'd exclude the hungry from our land--
much less would any ape have Wisdom banned!"
The supernatural human laughed again.
"There used to be a Viceroy here; but when
he grew too wise he had to be expelled.
(Must all you primates someday feel compelled
to clear your minds of our euphoric haze?
This had to happen, one of these first days!)
But there was no succession. Apes are blessed
with more cerebral neurons than the rest,
but no one told your tribe to take command.
There's no official, now, in all the land,
who has authority to rearrange
our immigration laws--they never change.
They're like the Laws of Medes and Persians. They
remain the same, forever and a day.
The only ones allowed to venture in
are those devoid of Knowledge, and of Sin.
Miraculously, those outside the Wall
will search in vain to find this land at all,
If you insist, you're free to go your way;
but be advised, you will have gone to stay--
an ancient prophecy foretells the fall
of all who venture past this Garden's wall."
"On my authority," our leader cried,
"you'll open up this gate, and stand aside!"
The Cherub frowned, and looked us over well.
What thoughts his beard concealed was hard to tell.
"I fear you have less sense," he said, "than pluck.
Go, then, and search for God. I wish you luck.
Don't stay too long. In four days' time, or five,
I might repatriate those left alive.
But watch your step, for once you've savored Sin,
it won't be possible to get back in."
He sheathed his sword, and opened up the gate.
Our forebears swaggered out to meet their fate.

I've copied this to show what sort of trash
remains as ballast, in this scribal hash,
and why I'm justified to sort it through
discarding what is patently untrue.
Unlikely as this fable seems to be,
it's not mythology's epitome.
An even stranger version of this lore
asserts we were expelled from Eden for
some theft, or minor misdemeanor, done
through ignorance, or else in harmless fun.
That "flaming sword," the tale goes on to say,
then kept us out by "turning every way."
But that's a superstitious myth which I
can flatly--categorically--deny!
Don't ever think we Apes are refugees
from some vindictive tyrant's harsh decrees.
No foe could scare us with a flaming sword.
The Tribe left Eden of its own accord!

A human with a burning sword, forsooth!
What bygone scribbler wrote that down as truth?

The Fall 

The Tribe emerged from Eden, and progressed
the way we found our noses pointed: west.
As long as we remained within clear view
of Eden's borders, novelties were few.
The landscape looked familiar. The terrain
was much like Eden's vegetated plain,
though less luxuriant. The shrubs and trees
were less diverse in their varieties.
Though food was not abundant, it was still
sufficient. Day by day we found our fill.
We prowled around a while, a month or so,
then asked our Sage which way we ought to go.
Of that he wasn't certain. When he sought
suggestions from the magic Scroll he'd brought,
he found that tribal wags, with peerless wit,
had rolled Repugnant Matter up in it.
We'd known he had a flair for words. Now he
displayed a talent for profanity.
With grinning innocence, we heard the Sage
describe our natures, in a mighty rage.
He ruled the book a total loss, and just
discarded it in anger and disgust.
Since all he knew had come from it alone,
he found himself completely on his own.
He pondered, scratched his head, and looked depressed.
Perhaps, he thought, our Goal lay somewhere west;
because, you see, one fact was clear at least:
we'd just retrace our tracks by heading east.
The Tribe set forth, with aspirations high.
We made brave pledges: We'd succeed or die.
Progressing west, we saw the landscape change
to rolling hills, and then a mountain range.
Behind us in the distance, Eden's wall
had disappeared, concealed by forests tall
--or so the ancient chroniclers aver.
(A statement by the Gateman, earlier,
suggests an alternate hypothesis;
so which is less unlikely--that or this?)

Unwelcome facts emerged, before too long:
Outside our home, the world's constructed wrong.
The trees and berry bushes sprouted thorns,
and wildlife made good use of claws and horns.
These things perplexed us. Inside Eden's wall
we'd had no natural enemies at all.
The wolves and tigers there ate grass, like deer,
but predators had coarser tastes, out here:
they hunted apes.
 Quick rivals grabbed the shoots
we most preferred. We had to chew on roots
or anything we found. We raised the question
whether roughage might upset digestion--
whether we were best advised to go
back home. A lot of us decided so;
and then when frost appeared, one chilly day,
these malcontents rebelled, and trooped away.
Presumably the faint hearts fled back east,
on Eden's bounty once again to feast
--to sell their souls for Luxury, and spurn
the tribal glory we would someday earn.
Our leader called the Tribe in council, then
(or what was left of it). He spoke again
of Pithecanic Destiny and such.
Our current woes, he said, were nothing much.
"Too long in useless indolence we dwelled!
Our lives have Purpose now! If we're compelled
to do without without our favorite nuts and grapes,
we'll take such things in stride! Are we not Apes?"
And all the Tribe in answer bravely roared,
"We'll be an indefatigable horde,
who'll march forever, if we must, in quest
of Values of the noblest and the best!"

The Tribe thrust deeper into wilderness.
The bounty of the land grew less and less.
Each day we barely found enough, and then
sheer lack of forage drove us on again.
We weren't impelled by lack of food alone;
our curiosity to see the world had grown.
Astonished by the landscape's sheer extent,
we wanted, now, to see how far it went.
We learned to cope with Predators in ways
unknown before. We found that Teamwork pays.
An ape who went to forage on his own,
could not contend with hungry wolves alone;
but if we stuck together, five or six
of us could fight them off, by swinging sticks.
We forged ahead, to search the rocky holes
of some great Canyon, for our formless goals, 
till real scarcities had changed our mood.
Thereafter, all our searching was for food.
The hardships of our Quest were hard to know
ahead of time. We next encountered Snow.
Our teeth began to chatter--then our bones.
Our feet and fingers grew as numb as stones.
As life's necessities concerned us more
we gave less thought to what we'd come here for
---whatever that was.
  Many drifted back
in hopes repatriation rules were slack.
It's doubtful that they got to Eden, though.
The archives say they would have had to go
past restless Glaciers which had blocked our way
back east. We evidently had to stay.
We tried to reach the canyons further end,
but first we had the winter months to spend:
The Avalanches, crashing from on high
impressed us as a chilly way to die.
With both the exits choked with snow and ice,
we tried to scale the ridges, once or twice.
Our mountain climbers started through the snow.
An icy canyon wind began to blow.
Acclimatized, throughout recorded time
to Eden's kindly, undemanding clime,
they weren't conditioned to that sort of thing.
We found their frozen corpses in the spring.
We spent that winter in the canyon's end,
and hoped spring thaws our confines would extend.

Since all of us were hungry as a shark,
we crunched on seeds, and gnawed on strips of bark
and other things we never would have known
were food for any race, much less our own.
We've always been a fast-adapting breed,
especially in times of pressing need.
Since herbivores must bear the famine's brunt,
we modified our tastes, and learned to hunt,
and changed our diet readily enough--
although our first techniques were rude and rough.
We hounded game till it was out of breath,
then inhumanely cudgeled it to death.
We seldom caught enough. An "'om.ni.vore"
is "one who eats all foods" --then looks for more.
The tripe and gristle, giblets, fat and brain
were chewed on for the protein they contain.
Nor did we give up hunting in the spring;
we went on eating nearly everything.
The only difference was, when famine ceased,
our appetites accordingly increased.
Necessity had taught us first the way
--and then the attitudes--of beasts of prey.
We weren't unique. Voracious beasts would lurk,
all fur and fangs, in snowbound woodland murk;
and often some enormous, hairy shape
could with a single bite behead an ape
clear to his waist. Mere sticks did not suffice,
rebounding from a skull as hard as ice.
We met some predatory breeds of Men
who stalked in frozen gully, glade and glen
and seemed to think they had a better right
to use these hunting grounds. We had to fight
not only for the privilege to compete
for food, but lest we, too, be killed for meat.
These humans weren't the Basic Species. There
were shaggy Bigfoots, who could crush a bear
with grim embrace; and crossbow-shooting Gnomes
whose whiskers brushed their boots, who made their homes
in excavated mountain caves. One more
part-human species was the Minotaur:
the stupidest of human breeds, but quite
impractical to hunt. In hulk and height
they were a match for Bigfoots. Basically
they had the figures of humanity,
except that to their shoulders was attached
a longhorn cattle head, which hardly matched.
Despite their bovine teeth, they didn't eat
the pasturage, but lived on fresh-killed meat.
One scribe's description, which survives till now,
says minotaurs had tails, just like a cow.

Since competition was ferocious, we
were forced to use our ingenuity;
and new inventions started to appear:
the Axe, the Tomahawk, the stone-tipped Spear.
With better tools, we dealt more deadly blows.
We blared on sheep horns, to out-roar our foes.
Inventors may take credit, if they please,
but no invention brought us lives of ease.
When better weapons made the sport too tame,
we found excuse to tackle bigger game.
By promptly rising to emergencies
was Ape emancipated from the trees.
He then, with no external change of shape,
evolved from Happy Dunce to Killer Ape,
with spring-steel sinews, tiger-throttling paws,
and fangs to match his famine-toughened jaws;
with twice the courage of a bear, and wile
surpassing that of snake and crocodile;
with eyes as keen in darkness as in light,
and ears that plucked a whisper from the night:
a match for any predator alive--
a winner in the Struggle to Survive!
Our lives were full of hunger, strife and grime,
and Eden buried in the trash of time.

The Classisist 

Although our travels, for the time, had ceased,
our fervor for the Quest had not decreased;
and in between our foragings we found
a little leisure time to look around
for information to allay our doubts
of God's existence, and His whereabouts.
Our Quest was complicated by the fact
that clues we had were few, and inexact.
God might take any shape--or none--so we
considered every possibility.

The Sage of Eden (who'd retained his post
as Leader, since he seemed to know the most)
was gathering some walnuts peacefully
among the fallen leaves beneath a tree,
when his attention was distracted by
a bovine roar, and then a human cry,
from two aggressive breeds of humans we
had battled in the forest recently--
and, interspersed with these, the thuds and whacks
of club and cudgel, possibly an axe.
He recognized especially the roar
of everybody's bane, the Minotaur.
A few of Eden's hunters had been lost
when minotaurs' and tribesmens' paths had crossed.
Amid the bullish roars the Sage could hear
some human cries of rage, and then of fear.
He set aside his walnut basket, and
took up his bludgeon, which was close at hand.
(We apes had learned to Be Prepared, of late.)
Thus armed, he hurried to investigate;
but since he wasn't sure what might be found,
he didn't risk approaching on the ground.
He climbed aloft, and with instinctive ease
went brachiating lightly through the trees.*
__________
*The record's not specific, but it stands
to reason, since the Sage would need both hands
for bracchiation, he would have to put
his club, or other baggage, in his foot.
All apes are highly quadridexterous. You
were probably aware of that. --Lit. Lou.
__________
Arriving at the site from whence arose
the sounds of battle, he espied two foes
in mortal combat. One, a Minotaur
was of a strain we'd tangled with before
The monster stood some twenty-seven hands
and was a common hazard in the lands
outside of Eden. Human in physique
but half again as tall, the "human" freak
was muscled like a sirloin steak, and full
of dynamite. His head was like a bull.
The bull's antagonist (who lost, of course)
was also partly human, mostly Horse;
for where one might expect a horse's head
a human torso was affixed instead.
This creature was a Centaur--one of those
who hunt with spears, and fight with six-foot bows--
complete with human torso, arms and head,
but, from the navel down, a Quadruped.
The Sage remained concealed in greenery
and watched these mongrels fighting savagely.
Since both strange breeds of hybrid-human shapes
were racial enemies of killer apes,
he wasn't sure which side he'd take if he
were called upon to serve as Referee.

With this in mind, he sensibly resolved
to watch the fight, but not to Get Involved.
Though minotaurs were short on human wit,
sheer brawn, it seemed, would get the best of it.
Old Bullhead swung an iron mace, one blow
from which could lay a dozen foemen low.
The centaur only had a broken spear.
Although his nimble footwork kept him clear,
there was no realistic way that he
could do the monster any injury.
Deciding he could never win this fight,
the centaur turned, and tried to take to flight.
The minotaur renewed his own attack,
and knocked the centaur over on his back
then jumped away in time to dodge a kick
from hooves that might have slashed him to the quick.
The centaur kept the minotaur at bay
with flailing hooves, but couldn't get away.
He couldn't rise, for in so doing, he
could not have used his hooves effectively;
and that would give his foe an opening
to break his back with one effective swing.

Our Sage was touched by this pathetic scene
and changed his mind: Perhaps he'd intervene.
With several flying leaps from limb to limb
he put the battling humans under him;
then, poised upon a branch, he took a stance
of Readiness, and waited for his chance.
The minotaur was circling warily
around his downed-but-kicking enemy
to seek an opening to ply his mace
and end the combat with a coup-de-grace.
He saw a chance to reach the centaur's head
and raised his heavy mace to smite him dead.
Just then our Sage came pouncing from his branch
and hit the monster like an avalanche
of bashing club and pithecanic fur.
The minotaur saw nothing but a blur
of motion, energetic, quick, and brown,
which seized him by the horns and threw him down
by trying to unscrew his head. The beast
let out a bellow that was heard at least
a mile a way. He landed on his back,
as Eden's Sage continued his attack
with bludgeon blows about the horns and brain.
The monster rolled away, and mooed in pain.
The centaur scrambled to his feet to raise
himself to equine posture, and appraise
this Change of Circumstance. He glanced around
to see if any weapon could be found
in case his unexpected ally'd missed
his guess, and needed someone to assist.
He found a cudgel lying on a pile
of sticks. It fit his hands and fighting-style.
He swung the makeshift weapon once or twice
to test its weight. Convinced it would suffice,
he cantered back to watch the battle rage
between the minotaur and Eden's Sage.
The minotaur was on his feet once more,
determined he would even up the score
for his initial fall. He plied his mace;
but found the ape was in a different place
each time he took a swing. His weapon found
no target but a patch of empty ground;
and, every time he missed, the ape ducked in
to thwack him on the buttocks or the shin
then darted out again before his foe
could raise his weapon for another blow.
"Nice footwork!" cheered the centaur. "Your technique
could make us millionaires within a week!
I'll be your Business Agent, if I may,
when you go into this full time, someday.
You'll do as well as anybody did
with sword and crimson cape, in Old Madrid!
'El Mono Estupendo' you'll be billed.
The sold-out galleries will all be filled
with señoritas throwing roses, and
among them, Isabelle and Ferdinand
upon their royal grandstand, cheering for
El Gran Famoso Minotoreador!
"Now let's audition that gymnastic feat
that so impressed the fans in ancient Crete:
Just seize him by the horns, and when he rears
his head, do somersaults between his ears!"
"I'd try that stunt," our harried tribesman said,
"except my Straight Man seems to want me dead.
Without a little Line Support from you, 
I may have bitten more than I can chew.
This tossing nosegays to the matador
won't help a person kill a minotaur!"
The monster, getting smart, began to swing
his weapon in a deadly, whirring ring
around his head. He rushed our tribesman, who
was forced to back away a pace or two,
until he got the Rhythm of the thing.
Then, bobbing down and up to duck each swing,
he launched another foray at his foe,
and whacked him smartly on his left big toe.
"Your difficulty is," the centaur said,
"you can't quite reach your adversary's head.
You need a longer staff. I have one here
which suited to your purpose would appear."
The minotaur, still bellowing with rage,
came charging once again upon the Sage.
His mace connected, with a thunderous sound
which very literally shook the ground.
A leafy blizzard fell from every tree
in their immediate vicinity.
Again the ape had nimbly dodged the blow.
"A good suggestion," he agreed; "although
I can't imagine when I'll find the time
I'll need for changing weaponry, while I'm
as busy as I am. Just one good Slug
and I'll be flatter than an apeskin rug.
To drop my guard for even half a breath
will spell my messy and untimely death."
And, as he spoke, he nearly Bought the Farm.
The blow he parried did no mortal harm,
but sent him flying off across the glade
just like a golf ball, landing in the shade
of an enormous, ancient chestnut tree.
The Sage recovered, almost instantly,
and made a frantic, feckless search around
the fallen leaves.
 His club could not be found;
he'd lost it while careening through the air.
Here came the monster, with a savage blare,
head lowered, horns at point, mace swinging high
this time determined that the ape would die!
The Sage set both his thumbs beside his ears
and wagged his fingers, with insulting jeers.
He flapped his tongue and grinned. The minotaur
descended on him with Intent to Gore.
The Sage dodged suddenly aside, to see
the minotaur's right horn impale the tree.
He kicked and twisted, but to no avail,
as chestnuts rattled down like falling hail.
His mighty roars and struggles were no use;
he couldn't pull his stuck appendage loose.
The Sage wound up, and kicked him in the rear.
"If you've still got that cudgel, toss it here,"
he told the centaur, who had trotted in
to watch the Final Round, and see him win.
The centaur passed the ape the staff.
 "I hate
to take advantage of his helpless state,"
he told the centaur, "But, if I refrain,
my prior efforts will have been in vain.
With all the recent Adverse Luck he's had,
this minotaur is going to be mad !"
"I gravely doubt that he would sympathize
with you, had matters turned out otherwise,"
the centaur said. "But Conscious must prevail.
I'll help him out."
 He seized the lashing tail
and gave a yank. The monster gave a roar
and freed his horn.
 The raging minotaur
ignored the ape and turned upon the foe
he'd nearly slain a little while ago,
who--now completely weaponless--fell back
before the monster's murderous attack.
But now he was distracted by the ape
who caught him squarely on his bristled nape
with his protracted cudgel.
  With a roar,
the minotaur attacked the ape once more
with swinging mace--and this time caught a clout
between the horns, that nearly knocked him out.
He staggered, looking weary, wan, and weak
despite his forty stone of Sheer Physique.

The Sage took careful aim, and swung his bat
to score the Hit that knocked the monster flat.
Both ape and centaur scrambled hastily
to dodge their toppling foe's trajectory.
Old Bullhead flipped and flopped across the ground,
but he had met his Theseus, he found.
He mooed a feeble moo or two, until
he heaved a wistful sigh, and then 
lay still.


The Classicist (continued) 

The Sage stooped down to check the monster's pulse
with definitely- negative results.
"Our patient," he pronounced, "is out of pain.
I'd diagnose Concussion of the Brain,
if he possessed one. That was quite a fight
you got me in--though things turned out all right."
The centaur ventured closer, where he scanned
the sprawling hulk. 
 He shook the Sage's hand.
"I guess there's been a change of plans," he said,
"since, thanks to you, my Mortal Foe is dead.
It happened I was hunting apes today.
Instead, I have a favor to repay!
Whatever my objective was before,
it turned out I was hunting minotaur;
and this disgrace to Greek Mythology
was evidently bent on hunting me."
"By some coincidence," the ape replied,
"I went out hunting centaurs, till I spied
your internecine disagreement, here,
and got a sudden urge to Interfere.
I didn't think it over long, so I
took sides with you. I'm frankly not sure why.
As badly as we get along with men
of any breed (or any half-breed) , when
I saw a centaur losing out, I guess
I thought I liked the minotaur still less.
I guess I don't know what I thought. The fact
is, lacking time to think, I just react.
Perhaps subconsciously we tend to balk
at hunting people who can think and talk,
but minotaurs can only roar and moo,
which gave me grounds for taking sides with you.
Another reason is, you're mostly horse,
which means your morals can't be quite as course
as that of humans of another strain--
all humanoid except for head and brain."
The centaur raised his brows at this, but he
absorbed the racial insults silently,
not wishing to precipitate a war
with someone who could fell a minotaur.
"At least,” he said, “we're in agreement as
to who the right to keep the booty has.
You've earned this heap of beef in honest strife,
so take my share, in payment for my life.
I'll even help you take the carcass back
to where you've camped, since there's a lot to pack."
"Well, I don't know," the Sage replied. "I made
the kill, but I'd negotiate a trade,
since other possibilities remain...
but this'll take a minute to explain:

"We came from Eden, where the food supply
is ample, and the grapevines never die.
We never even sampled meat, back home.
Before we chose to leave the place to roam
we always lived on fruits and nuts. Until
we got out here, we never learned to kill.
That's why the types of groceries apes prefer
remain the vegetals they always were.
The motive for our emigration was
not lack of sustenance. It was because
we felt a certain Vacancy of Mind.
There's something in this world we'd like to find.
I'm not sure what--but if you owe some debt,
then information 's what I'd like to get.
To be specific, what I'd like the best
is knowledge that will aid us in our Quest.
We apes are Seekers after Wisdom; so
why don't you tell me everything you know?"
The centaur looked surprised. "That's fair enough,"
he said, "but you may hear a lot of stuff
already known to you, unless you start
by hinting what you'd like me to impart.
If Knowledge is the payment you prefer,
I'm quite the Philosophic Amateur
and never loath to share the lore I know.
You must suggest your field of interest, though;
for nothing's drier than the dust, I fear,
but wisdom which one doesn't want to hear."
"For one example," said the ape, "a thing
some folks besides myself are wondering
is just a little personal, I guess.
We've wondered whether folks like you possess
two hearts, or one. You'd think there ought to be
one heart where humans have one normally,
and then another heart where all the rest
of equine species keep them, in the chest.
If centaurs have two hearts instead of one,
do both of them contract in unison?
If so, how can a horse's heart keep pace
with quicker pulse rates of the human race?
If both your hearts at different speeds are used
does Circulation sometimes get confused--
or does the blood of horse and man remain
in separate loops of Artery and Vein?
"Some other points of Physiology
have piqued our tribal curiosity:
For instance, horses' lungs are larger than
the lungs of normally-proportioned Man;
and yet the trachea and nostrils of
a man supply not only lungs above
inside your human ribcage, but, we know,
the larger pair of equine lungs below.
It's puzzling, how you folks coordinate
your horse, and human, respiration rate,
which wouldn't always be the same. The horse
would faster breathe while galloping, of course;
whereas the lungs inside your human chest
would breathe more shallowly, as if at rest.
But if you're chopping wood, your arms and hands
would exercise--your horse part merely stands,
while human lungs do all the puffing. So
one set of lungs breathes fast, the other slow.
Regardless what you do, one pair will be
relaxed, the other breathing heavily.
If all four Bronchi are connected to
one common Trachea, you'd have to do
a lot of useless breathing, since the flow
of air from one chest to the next would go.
There'd be depleted breaths of air among
the exhalations from another lung,
unless they all expand and then contract
in synchrony that's pretty near exact.
"Your Stomachs pose some questions, too. With us,
the Stomach's intake's the Esophagus;
but in a Centaur the connection's changed:
Your stomachs must be tandemly arranged,
with one inside your human abdomen
the other in your horse's torso. When
two stomachs stand in line, with one behind--"

The centaur interrupted: "Never mind
these vivisection questions. They exist;
but don't ask me--I'm no Anatomist!
No healthy human being is aware
of his anatomy, nor does he care
what Organs he consists of, where they are,
or what they do--unless he's 'under par.'
Ill health or injury's the only thing
that starts a hypochondri'c worrying.
Such questions are important, I agree,
but not of personal concern to me."
"That's disappointing," said the ape. "We do
have hopes of better understanding you.
We're int'rested in things like these because
till recently we thought a Centaur was
an old misunderstanding, from the land
of Greece, where people didn't understand
the art of Riding. Strangers wandered forth
from more nomadic cultures, further north
astride their horses; and of course the Greeks
mistook these men for double-bodied freaks.
Equestrians, when very briefly spied,
by Greeks, it seems, were misidentified.
But now we've really met some centaurs, and
there's lots of things we still don't understand."
The centaur laughed. "You underestimate
the people of our famous Grecian state!
That race created, single-handedly,
both Number Theory and Geometry.
If Anaxagoras could watch the sky
and see eclipses were engendered by
the transits of the Earth between the sun
and moon--and vice versa--anyone
who would, on chauvinistic grounds, believe
that his compatriots were too naive
to tell a horseman from a horse-man....No;
that simpleminded notion has to go!
I also hope you're not deluded with
the popular, derogatory myth
that Centaurs are a rude, uncultured race
who must from Animals their lineage trace--
an inhospitable and lawless breed
addicted to their every bestial need.
Such gross canards arose from Jealousy
of biped humans, in antiquity,
and still persist among the foolish, though
they're utterly untrue, as we can show."
"Well, no; I hadn't heard those slurs," replied
the Sage of Eden. "Notwithstanding, I'd
be curious to hear a little more
about your origins, in days of yore."
"We are descendants of Ixion and
of Nephele. Their son, we understand,
was somehow crossed with some Magnesian mares,
begetting hybrid, and superior, heirs
in whose efficient, graceful form you find
a horse's strength with human wits combined.
We centaurs, not the biped men, have kept
those fruits of ancient thought which bipeds swept
aside, preferring 'modernistic' schemes
of Metaphysics--mere sophistic dreams!
The Greeks the formal art of Logic wrought,
and to its ultimate fruition brought.
All Metaphysics and Theology
arose in Classical Antiquity.
Despite their later imitators' claim
it was the Greeks from whom these concepts came--
specifically from Aristotle: the
most famous Founder of Philosophy.
All philosophic systems later wrought
were footnotes, nothing more, to Grecian Thought."

"I think," the ape remarked, "that kind of lore 
might be the very thing we're looking for.
I used to have a Book I tried to bring
from home, explaining just that sort of thing.
I'd have it still--except some pranksters' tricks
did damage to it that I couldn't fix.
If you could summarize a theme or two
from Grecian Thought, I'd be obliged to you."

The Classicist (concluded) 

"I wouldn't mind a bit," the centaur said,
"and in your Quest you'll come out far ahead
if you confine your search for wisdom to
the course of study I define for you.
The philosophic field has come to be
a blend of nonsense with absurdity.
Aspiring students have to pick and choose
with utmost care, lest they their minds confuse
with sterile theorizings which engage
all thinkers since the classic Golden Age.
Originators in Philosophy
gave way to those whose object seemed to be
investigating those who, earlier,
reviewed the works of some philosopher
who had composed a critical review
of someone who had written something new
about the valid science, deep and vast,
originating in the classic past.
With critics criticizing critics, you
can see no useful work was left to do.
Post-classical philosophy is all
a trap in which unwary students fall
to waste their lives and intellects--unless
they're wisely warned, and level heads possess."
"Our goal is Valid Knowledge," said the Sage,
"and not in Speculation to engage.
If all the valid thinking has been done
by Greeks, that's good enough for anyone."
He found a seat upon a root of oak,
and listened closely, as the centaur spoke.
"The Greeks were first to place the emphasis
on Observation and Analysis,"
the centaur started in. "By this they laid
the grounds for all the progress later made.
The Greeks were also first successfully
to search for Generalized Validity.
They learned to reach beyond details of fact
and seek conclusions general and abstract.
They gave us Mathematics, as a base
for all the Sciences the biped race
in later ages managed to devise--
for which the 'Moderns' deemed themselves so wise.
They gave us Logical Analysis,
on which we place all present emphasis.
Among their many contributions, they
presented, in a systematic way,
their treatments of some basic questions: those
which in still-older times and cultures rose.
"The first of these they chose to emphasize
was 'That From Which' existent things arise:
the branch of science called Ontology--
the Basic Nature of Reality.
"In making lists, the classic custom's been
with Thales of Miletus to begin.
He made his mark as an astronomer,
geometrician and philosopher.
Without appealing to Tradition, he
proposed that Ultimate Reality
was Water. This he logically inferred
because this basic element occurred
in ample quantities; and, as we know,
without it, not a blade of grass could grow.
The later answers to this question ranged
from 'Elements,' which though themselves unchanged
produced in varied combinations those
materials from which Existence rose--
on up through concepts of 'the Infinite,'
so called because one cannot say that it
is one thing or another. It alone
can any substance be, from air to stone,
according to its relative degree
of rarefaction or condensity.
It was Anaximander who devised
the concept that 'the Infinite' comprised
the Substance of the Universe. The mind
rejects the notion that some special kind
of matter typifies them all. He found
it should be unrestricted, have no bound.
By saying matter has no 'normal' state
he managed early to anticipate
the view of 'modern' chemists, who agree
that 'everything consists of Energy,'
which we're familiar in every form
except its typifying, standard' norm.'
"But Anaximenes believed that Air
was typical of Substance. Though quite rare
while in its natural state, it also could
be densified to water, fire or wood;
and if compacted into solid blocks
is just as indigestible as rocks.
"He also managed to anticipate
the 'modern' theory that a silicate,
subjected to extremes of heat, will then
split into silicon and oxygen.
And oxygen, as surely you're aware
is the most vital element of air!
"The most ingenious metaphysic was
the observation, by Pythagoras,
that Number must the Basic Substance be,
since every Thing has size and quantity,
and, whether it is moving or at rest,
abides by laws numerically expressed.
Pythagoras was foremost to insist
the Soul and Body separately exist,
and that one's Soul, at death, will transmigrate
to start life over, in Some Other State.
"The controversy over Permanence
and Change was also much in evidence.
The Eleatic, Zeno, strove to prove
that even speeding arrows cannot move:
At each successive instant, arrows were
at rest, therefore no motion could occur,
just as no 'separation' we define
between adjacent points along a line.
An object cannot change position. First
one-half the distance has to be transversed.
Before that midpoint, it must first attain
one quarter of the distance--but in vain,
for eighth, sixteenth, and thirty-second parts
must first be reached. So motion never starts--
it wastes its time at points along a line
which is divided 'infinitely fine.'
"The difficulties in resolving these
conundrums soon engendered tendencies
toward Gnostic Relativity--the view
that nothing's ever absolutely true.
The Truth as such can never be removed
from what some clever Sophist claims he's proved,
so nothing's known except to that extent
that we're convinced of it, by Argument.
"But Socrates turned up in time to give
the Sophists' view that 'Truth is Relative'
a well-deserved critique. The Sophists feel
that nothing much, if anything, is Real.
One aspect of the Knowledge Problem lay
(as Socrates insisted) in the way
the Sophists use the ambiguities
of words to 'prove' whatever 'truths' they please.
He thought this pointed up the urgent need
for Rules of Rhetoric that all could heed
--some formalized criteria, by which
contestants in debate could make their pitch
and yet not leave unbiased judges with
the vague impression they had proved a myth.
"A precept often stressed by Socrates
(and hardly anybody disagrees)
is Reason's Duty to examine things,
exempting nothing from our questionings.
'The unexamined life,' he always said,
'need not be lived; one might as well be dead.'
He also stipulated: 'Questioning
must be constructive--not the sort of thing
that undermines an honest point of view
without replacing it with something new.'
"Since Reasoning Ability is viewed
as Humankind's Distinctive Aptitude,
and since it is incumbent on a man
to make himself as human as he can,
Morality--so Socrates opined--
is using and developing the Mind.
"This train of logic leads us to suspect
that Virtue's locus is the Intellect.
The essence of one's Virtue therefore lies
between the ears and just behind the eyes.
To that extent that human being lack
Sound Judgment, are their moral standards slack.
The disadvantages of evil were
the damage done to one's own character.
No normal person voluntarily
elects to do himself an injury--
the problem is, we don't all realize
exactly where our best self-interest lies.
We therefore many evil choices make
despite self-interest, simply by mistake!
If malefactors only knew this fact
they'd have the sense to think before they act.
"No axiologist since Socrates
has solved the Values Issue with such ease;
yet 'moderns' now refuse to recognize
that evil deeds from Ignorance arise.
Dismissing Socrates as 'out of date,'
they fudge, and theorize, and obfuscate,
too stubborn to admit the issue's solved
and Error is the only thing involved.
"In Socrates and in his followers
we meet those eminent philosophers
of long-enduring, well-deserved repute
whose basic contributions constitute
the main traditions in the history
of Western science and philosophy.
In Plato's The Republic he relates
the salient features of Ideal States,
where measures will be taken to insure
for every citizen a lineage pure,
and equal opportunity for all
to find a social niche, then rise or fall
according to one's own abilities--
one's aptitudes and fallibilities.
Prospective statesmen who perform the best
on Euclid's books (by some objective test)
advance, because this talent we equate
with that required to run Affairs of State.
By this selective process, judges find
and elevate the Philosophic Mind.
The truly qualified will never stop
advancing till they make it to the Top:
that is, the Council of the Truly Wise
who would the central government comprise.
Those few who understand the True and Good
receive the posts an Archimedes should,
and higher concepts learn of Deity
in place of popular mythology.
"In Plato's scheme, an indolent buffoon
needs more endowments than a silver spoon.
If necessary, to eliminate
all nepotistic tendencies, the State
will overrule the Family, taking charge
of offspring, who'll be raised as 'kids at large,'
eliminating, to a great extent,
the Last Resort of the Incompetent--
a doting father who, besides a Name,
supplies the bribes to pave his way to fame.
Is it not strange to note, since Plato died,
not once has his ingenious plan been tried!
"Few intellects by later ages hatched
have Aristotle's Analytics matched
for thoroughly-objective and exact
analysis of scientific fact.
His books were much consulted, first by peers
and then Scholastics, for two thousand years.
"In brief, as any Sophomore can see,
the Golden Age of Greek Philosophy
had kicked all questions thoroughly around
and every possible Solution found.
No new addition to these crowded shelves
can add to what the Greeks devised themselves.
"And so," the centaur summarized, "you see
that in the study of Philosophy,
the careful student must avoid the snares
of everything since Aristotle. There's
a Labyrinth awaiting, like the Pit,
and nothing gained by getting lost in it,
for those who venture past the Golden Age
of Grecian Thought, by even half a page. . .

"And now, if you'll excuse me, I believe
since Dusk approaches, both of us should leave.
If we delay, we're apt to meet with more
'fair game'--like that atrocious minotaur.
My life's not charmed, and I'm afraid I might
be still less fortunate, unarmed, by night."
The centaur heaved the Carcass to his back,
and turned to face along the forest track.
With one last word of thanks for all the good
the Sage had done, he set off through the wood.

The Sage sat thinking, making mental note
of headings for a book he later wrote,
until he, also, apprehensive grew
at pending dusk, and prudently withdrew.

The Missionaries 

A tribesman who was foraging for food
amid the mountain forest's solitude,
approached an open space. He glanced about
for danger, then began to check it out
in search of berry bushes, mushrooms, roots,
or any other vegetables and fruits
that he could dry and store--he'd noticed there
were scents of winter famine in the air.
Good fortune brought him to a twisting vine
which on a sturdy shrub was seen to twine,
and loaded down with fully-ripened grapes.
While he was filling up his sack, the shapes
of two huge Shadows flashed across the ground.
He took an apprehensive look around,
but missed what cast them. They were flying fast,
and by the time the ape glanced up, they'd passed
beyond the foliage of surrounding trees.
He stopped to think: If things as big as these
were flying overhead, then maybe he'd
picked all the grapes his mate and cubs would need,
and it was time to take his well-filled sack
and mosey back along the forest track;
for, though it wasn't really twilight yet,
the sun stood westward, promising to set.
Was prompt return to safety wiser than
his earlier--much more ambitious--plan
to gather in a winter-long supply
of foods which could be eaten fresh or dry?
Examining his sack, he doubted that.
The bottom bulged, but most of it was flat.
He'd barely picked a self-respecting snack
to nibble on while he was hiking back.
He set to work again--but changed his mind
on hearing flapping noises from behind.
He turned, and spied what looked like monstrous crows
dismissing them, at first, as likely foes
until, with some concern, he noticed that
their wings were shaped like those of some huge bat;
although their other outlines, as they neared,
more human than chiropteran appeared.
The Bats had wheeled about, still fairly high,
and started circling earthward from the sky.
He saw them spiral toward the glade where he
still hoped to work--though now quite doubtfully.
It soon became apparent that this pair
of Creatures planned to make a landing there.

Our tribesman dropped his work and made a rush
to reach the dense, surrounding underbrush.
He found concealment, diving into it
to safety just before the creatures lit.
He thought, too late, of one mistake he'd made:
his sack was where he dropped it in the glade.
A sack's an artifact that it would take
his mate and him all afternoon to make.
One has to slay a deer and skin it, and
the leather must be scraped, and dried, and tanned,
and cut to pattern. Using awls of bone,
one punches holes, through which the thongs are sewn.
A sack is nothing apes of frugal mind
will simply walk away and leave behind,
so he was stuck here. He could not go back
to camp until he'd stolen back his sack.
He thought that since he'd have to wait near by
until the creatures left, he'd try to spy--
one never knows what one may overhear
from humans who believe there's no one near,
although when we interrogate them, they
insist they don't have anything to say.
He hurriedly, but very stealthily,
crept through the shrubbery and up a tree--
a vantage point from which he had clear view
of everything the Bats might say or do.
The gangrel beings who had landed there
were not a very prepossessing pair.
As he'd expected, they were human Things,
quite typical except for batty wings
with ribs like an umbrella, broad and black,
which they could fold conveniently in back.
Aside from that, these two were uglier
than most varieties of humans were.
Their skin was hairy, colored brownish-red;
and each had goat horns growing from his head.
Their toes and fingers sported feline claws.
White, pointed fangs protruded from their jaws.
It wasn't very difficult to tell
that these were devils, on parole from Hell.
The first was pudgy, and in stature small.
The other one was rather gaunt and tall.
Suspended from a baldric by a strip
of leather, was a scabbard at his hip
from which a broadsword hilt protruded; and
he held some kind of woodwind in his hand.
The dumpy devil had a brazen gong
supported from his shoulder on a thong.
He also carried, on his elbow's crook,
a bulky, solemn-looking, black-bound Book.
The lanky devil took a look around
and spied a fallen log upon the ground.
On this he sat. He opened up a map
and spread it out for study, on his lap.
He pointed with a claw.
  "Right here," said he,
"is where I've calculated we should be;
and checking on this map, I'm certain of
the spot. We saw this landscape from above
while we were flying over; so we know
exactly where we are, and where to go.
The stonehenge where the covens meet tonight
is south of here, about ten minutes' flight,
so we have all the time we need, and more.
"It's quite important that you know, before
we get there, how to run things. Since you're new,
my job is to explain the ropes to you;
and though I know you've heard all this before,
I've got to run it past you, just once more:
Their Service, as you know, is rather crude.
They dance around a bonfire in the nude
to eerie music, tonally designed
to fuddle and disorient the mind.
They'll writhe to skirling pipes and throbbing drums
until the Nuncio from Hades comes.
If we're a little early, we can take
our part. They're honored if we play a break.
I'll use my clarinet; you pound your gong
to lead their lewd cavorting.
  "Quite a throng
will be there. It's no ordinary Fest.
You'll see some covens from the east and west
as well as hereabouts. Three times a year
they all assemble at the stonehenge here--"
(he pointed at the map) "--below this bluff,
to honor Lucifer, and do their stuff.
They mix a magic ointment: herbal junk
that heats their blood, and tends to make them drunk.
They smear it on their bodies, then they prance
around the bonfire in a bawdy dance.
If some of them look tempting, take your choice
and in a little Dalliance rejoice.
Your face will not be slapped. To them, it's part
of Witchcraft and the Diabolic Art.
You'll see some satyrs there. They always bring
Refreshments--which they brew for just one thing:
to turn the heads of ladies. Satyrs live
for favors nymphs don't always want to give;
so if some mortal human demoiselle
enjoys attention, she'll do just as well.
The satyrs spike their wine with herbs they get
from Bacchus--unidentified, as yet.
"You're there for fun--but not exclusively;
you have a grave responsibility!
You'll have to watch the girls who get so high
they have the false impression they can fly.
While dazed, they think they're flying all around,
but actually they never leave the ground
(except, of course, on broomsticks). Lacking wings,
they're highly prone to stumbling over things.
If someone crashes in the bonfire pit,
it's up to you to snatch her out of it
before she catches fire. She'll be well greased,
which means her flammability's increased.
Last year, the fiend impersonating Him
sneaked off to gratify an idle whim
with some young neophyte. His negligence
resulted in some gruesome accidents.
It was mistaken for a Sacrifice,
which glossed things over--but it wasn't nice.
So keep your wits about you. Rock and Roll,
but exercise a little self-control.
No hardship, there; the pious life you led
on Earth, should help you keep a level head.
"When all the frolic's over, then you stand
before the altar, and....just Take Command.
You know your sermons; you'll know what to say.
Predict the coming of Misjudgment Day,
when God and all his host are overthrown
and Earth's controlled by Lucifer alone.
They'll have some questions. Tell them all you please
about our Diabolic Sorceries.
The more our loyal witches know, the more
they'll help us when it comes to all-out war.
"Did I leave something out? I guess that's all.
Go try your talents out, and have a ball.
I'll be near by, but out of sight. I'll take
no part--unless you make some gross mistake.
Meanwhile, we've got some time to kill, because
of course we weren't quite sure what time it was."
The dumpy fiend responded, "Who can say
for certain just what time of night or day
it is when we arrive? We know too well
our Bells can't be depended on, in Hell--
but how am I to know, at night, up here,
just how to choose the Moment to Appear?"
"We'll wait," his mentor said, "until the moon
ascends to where the sun would stand at noon.
These backwoods witches think our Leader's power
will reach full strength at just the Midnight Hour.
From elementary astronomy
you know the moon, at full, will have to be
directly overhead at midnight, so
you'll know, by looking, when to start your show.
Besides, we needn't be precise. The Rite
begins at dusk and lasts for half the night,
until 'the Fiend' arrives (in this case, you)
to add the Final Flourish, then they're through.
When once you've been there to impersonate
his Majesty, the Rite will culminate
in one great Orgy. We can both take part
in that, if so inclined. It takes no Art.
That's where we have our great advantage. We
can keep right on performing, physically.
while earthly males, including satyrs, each
has some ambitions that he'll never reach.
There will be satyrs there, but they can try
the ones we don't have time to satisfy."
"A problem that concerns me more," his fat,
half-hearted understudy said, "is that
impersonation takes a lot of gall.
I don't resemble Lucifer at all
except for wings and horns. He's twice my size,
and doesn't have these glassy-looking eyes
that I acquired--along with tail and claws--
through inadvertent breach of Holy Laws.
I'm somewhat stout, and my complexion's wrong.
Can I, a rank impostor, fool that throng?"
"That's not a problem. Witches everywhere
will choose tonight to have a Big Affair,"
his friend explained. "No witch is such a dunce
she'd think our Leader's everywhere at once.
They'll settle for an Emissary from
the government at Pandemonium.
Our Leader's proxies, as they know full well,
are ordinary citizens of Hell,
assigned to represent his Majesty
at every major sacrilegious Spree.
And common devils also figure large
in their mythology--so just Take Charge.
Don't fret about it; use your common sense.
The only thing you lack is Confidence!
Remember, you were hand-selected from
the applicants at Pandemonium
because you have a special mental quirk
you need for doing Missionary Work."
"I'll do my utmost," sighed the pudgy fiend.
"What bothers me is that we're all demeaned
by rites left over from a Pagan time.
Religion ought to be a thing sublime
which purifies and elevates the soul!
Can Satan's Cult aspire to such a goal
with naked dancing, flaring midnight fires,
and free indulgence in obscene desires?
I guess I wasn't ready for this trip
back up to Earth, with neither purse nor scrip."
"We've been through that," his more-pragmatic friend
shot back. "If venery will serve our End
it must be utilized! We have a war
of cosmic scope to win! Need I say more?
Our circumstances being what they are,
will Delicacy get us very far?"
For several minutes, conversation stopped;
and when it was resumed, this theme was dropped.
An autumn breeze was blowing from the north.
The pudgy devil, pacing back and forth,
kept blowing on his furry hands, as if
he felt his fingers getting cold and stiff.
"I wish we had a fire," he finally told
the taller fiend. "This wind is getting cold.
The climate's changed a lot, since I lived here.
It used to be quite mild, this time of years."
"The real trouble is," his peer replied,
"you've lived in Hades, ever since you died.
Our climate back at home would make this seem
--at first--like quite the opposite extreme.
When you're reacclimated, you will say,
that this is quite a balmy autumn day."
"I'm warm enough while flying, in the sun,"
the fat one said; "but, resting, I've begun
to feel this penetrating northern breeze.
If we don't build a fire, I think I'll freeze."
The taller devil sadly shook his head.
"We'll have to get you toughened up," he said.
"If operations here upon the Earth
continue, what's a missionary worth
who has to preach his sermons from a pot
where cannibals have kept him piping hot?
For now, we'll humor your effete desire.
Let's rustle up some wood, and build a fire."
The devils spread their wings and flapped around
the clearing, dropping often to the ground
to pick up sticks and logs. They brought them back
and heaped them up together, in a stack.
"That should," the senior devil said, "suffice.
We'll have a good, warm fire in just a trice."
He drew his sword. 
 Our watching spy, amazed,
stared owl-eyed as the metal smoked and blazed.
He'd heard the gaffers of the Tribe relate
the tale of what they'd seen, at Eden's gate,
so he had heard of flaming swords; but he
assumed such things were mere mythology.
(We'd left when he was very young. Our Sage,
now very old, had been of middle age.)
The hellfiend laid his sword upon the ground
and piled some sticks on top, and all around.
The wood ignited from the flames beneath.
The fiend returned his broadsword to its sheath;
then both the fiends sat down upon the log
to warm themselves, with little dialogue.

The ape picked out a soft spot in his tree,
and settled down to wait, impatiently.


The Missionaries (continued) 


The sun went down, and twilight turned to night;
but neither of the devils took to flight.
The moon arose. The fiends sat idly by
and watched it inch across the starry sky.
Our waiting tribesman yawned, and watched the moon,
expecting it to reach the zenith soon;
but nothing moves more slowly than the sky
when someone wishes time would hurry by.
As they awaited midnight, in the wood,
the fiends amused themselves as best they could.
The senior devil cursed the dark of night,
then drew his sword; and by its flaring light
he made some annotations on his map.
The fat one spread his Volume on his lap
and whiled away a half an hour or so
perusing pages, by the campfire's glow.
"I wish you'd throw that stupid Book away,"
our tribesman heard the senior devil say.
"At your age, I should think you'd know quite well,
there's no redemption, once you're sent to Hell.
Unholy Lucifer! Who's ever heard
of Bible-reading fiends? That's too absurd!
"I know damnation is eternal," said
the pudgy fiend. "As sure as I am dead,
those Pearly Gates have been forever slammed,
and I'm among the Legions of the Damned.
To lost salvation I've become inured,
but one undimmed Obsession has endured:
I have to know--I must find out, someday--
the charge against me--how I went Astray.
The Portal Keepers told me where to go,
but said the Reason wasn't mine to know:
I'd lost the right to ask them to reveal
wherein I'd sinned--and there was no Appeal.
Although I've seldom mentioned this before,
no question ever has obsessed me more:
For all the centuries I've had to dwell
amid the scant amenities of Hell,
I've never ceased to wonder at my fate:
my unexplained rebuff at Heaven's gate.
It baffles me! I'm sure I've never been
involved in anything approaching Sin!
I cultivated my immortal soul.
I never perjured, murdered, lied or stole.
From adolescence on, my thoughts and deeds
were patterned on examples in the Screeds.
I never coveted my neighbor's wife,
nor ox, nor ass, nor vineyard, all my life
while I resided in the world of men.
If Evil's been my way of life since then,
I've not had much alternative. How could
a fiend of Hell do anything called Good?"
"And from your study of that Book," returned
the senior devil, "tell me what you've learned!
Since you and I have been acquainted, you
have read it half a dozen times, clear through!"
"I've puzzled through it, lo, these many years,"
the trainee sighed, "but no new clue appears.
I still can't pinpoint what Mistake, by me,
was unforgivable. Regrettably
the Scripture is the only source I've got
to know which acts are sins, and which are not,
and which of them by Faith are justified
and which are too offensive to abide.
But my misdeeds were venial, at the most.
I never once blasphemed the Holy Ghost!
I'd been a Preacher of the Gospel. I'd
been certain of salvation, when I died.
I used to be so sure, my whole life long,
that nothing I had done was very wrong.
My life was dedicated to the cause
of reprimanding others' moral flaws.
I pounded pulpits, ranted, roared and raved;
yet I--not they--the flames of Hades braved.
How could those sinners have been saved, while I
--their Moral Shepherd--was condemned to fry?
Of all the punishments I've borne, the one
that's hardest is not knowing what I've done!"

"I'll tell you what," the lanky fiend replied.
"You're not the only righteous man who died
and got to Heaven, and was turned away
because of tithing he forgot to pay
and didn't think of later; or a word
of irritation which was overheard,
recorded in a Scroll, and there remained
to prove the Holy Name was once profaned;
or fleeting moods of hatred, lust or greed
which never surfaced as a sinful deed,
but were sufficient to condemn him with.
Forget that 'mercy-and-compassion' myth!
It's never been a part of Heaven's Plan--
they'll crucify you any way they can!
Perhaps you had some Lapse of Faith, which those
who judge you so-called 'sinners' later chose
to hold against you. Any lapse will do
when someone doesn't like the looks of you
as naked spirit--by no flesh enclosed--
with every defect of your soul exposed.
The game called 'Not Committing Any Sin'
Is one the Dominations couldn't win,
much less mere humans.
  The exact extent
to which, at resurrection, you 'repent'
has more to do with it than what you give
in contributions, or the life you live;
but being willing to repent cannot
erase an innate, unrepentant blot
within the basic fabric of your soul--
a matter over which you've no control.
"I'm not like you. I neither lived nor died.
Archangel was my rank, condemned for Pride
and cast from Heaven. All I did was ask
why I was given the unwelcome task
of casting out a so-called 'renegade'
who'd made the same mistake I later made!
But Pride's a well-known Imperfection, so
I went where other Fallen Angels go.
"I felt quite persecuted, as I fell
through raging storms of fire, engulfing Hell;
but though it stings when first you hit that stuff,
we grow accustomed to it soon enough.
I don't regret damnation. I've enjoyed
the work in which I'm presently employed:
persuading earthly malcontents to fight
against Morality, and Truth, and Right
(and training younger fiends to do the same
while I get all the credit and the fame,"
he added with a chuckle. "Never mind
the humor. Devils get their due, you'll find.)
"The life we're living really isn't bad.
Salvation has its drawbacks. If you had
to work for Principalities and such
you'd realize you didn't lose too much
by your rejection and damnation. Here
you have a chance to build a new career.
Already you're a Missionary's Aide
and understudy, with a higher grade
awaiting you as soon as you achieve
some skill in making neophytes believe
in Satan's Coming Reign upon the Earth,
and just how little True Religion's worth.
I'll only have to keep an eye on you
for one more Witches' Sabbath--maybe two--
just long enough to make completely sure
you'll keep our doctrines evil and impure,
and don't revert to Habit--and amaze
the girls with phrases from your preaching days.
You have a future here. In Heaven you
would find there's nothing useful you can do.
What might a Preacher of the Gospel say
to souls already pure in every way?
There's nothing up in Heaven anyone
can do, of any use--it's all been done!
Besides, in Heaven, once it's settled where
you fit, you're in a dead-end job; and there
you're stuck for all eternity. You'll find
that any Exaltation is a grind
when you've enjoyed the same old 'glory' for
a dreary twenty thousand years or more.
Yet what, among the Perfect, can you do
to recommend a higher place for you?"
"That isn't what I've always heard before,"
the understudy said. "In days of yore
in Gospel Seminary, we were told
our Glory would eternally unfold
in ever-higher heavenly degrees
that keep expanding for eternities.
The afterlife I'd set my hopes upon
entailed Advancement that goes on and on."
"It doesn't work that way," his mentor said.
"The superstition is that once you're dead
and get accepted for salvation, you
are further glorified by what you do
while you're in Heaven; you continue with
your soul's development--a bald-faced myth!
While self-improvement is a worthwhile goal
for Earth or Hell, the resurrected soul
who manifests ambition (or regret)
implies he hasn't reached Perfection yet,
and thus impugns the competence of them
who handed him his shining diadem!
"I can't describe the sense of uselessness
you'd feel, if you'd attained Eternal Bliss.
You sing the praise of God, but when you're through
there's simply no constructive work to do.
No help is ever wanted. Crystal gold
does not need burnishing, however old.
There's no construction work. The wall, the street,
and all the Many Mansions are complete.
They hire no seamstresses or cobblers, there;
their robes and sandals never need repair.
No records need be kept--except to say,
'Today was yet another perfect day!'
No books are ever written; no one cares
for worldly learning or mundane affairs;
and what we think of here as 'ignorance,'
they cultivate as 'blessed innocence.'
No gardens need be tended. Everything
one wants to eat is ripe for harvesting,
and falls unbidden into someone's hands
accepting tacit wishes as commands.
No trees are planted, since there's ample shade
from Trees of Life, whose leaves can never fade.
One needn't manufacture candles. Light
is always ample, both by day and night.
One neither marries nor is given in
a marriage--nor do people live in sin--
so no one ever needs a lawyer; nor
(since there's no Parting) an Executor.
There's nothing one can teach, in any field:
if angels need to know it, it's 'revealed.'
A pulpiteer like you, of course, would be
an unemployable anomaly
where everything the faithful must believe
is visible, and hard to misperceive;
and anyone expressing any doubt
of what he doesn't see, is hustled out.
"If you insist on working, they will find
some silly task to occupy your mind,
like checking Heaven's streetlamps, to be sure
that every light is absolutely pure;
or making manuscripts of Holy Screeds
that no one but the penman ever reads;
or keeping careful track of all mistakes
some mortal, living on the surface, makes,
to use as evidence against him, when
he comes to Judgment, from the world of men;
or finding make-work jobs for others, who
feel just as useless and as bored as you.
"The exaltation state at which you live
--like 'happiness'--is strictly relative.
On social scales, no matter where you go,
there's someone over you, and some below;
so never mind your Glory. Rather mope
because promotion is a futile hope.
Exalting you dilutes the Glory of
the state of exaltation next above,
so adding to your Bliss would not be fair
without promoting every angel there.
Your 'exaltation' thus remains unchanged
unless the Hierarchy's rearranged;
and native citizens of Heaven keep
outsiders at the bottom of the heap.
The Crown and Raiment you receive may be
like that of angels; but seniority
comes first in all executive careers.
The Angels, logging twenty thousand years,
have those positions filled--and there they'll stay
until the universe has passed away!
"In Hell we find a thousand things to do.
In Heaven, though, there's simply nothing to
accomplish. Any change one tries to make
implies the Architect has made mistakes;
so even thinking that the Status Quo
requires improvement, means you have to go!
Since Heaven's perfect, if some Change occurs,
it can't get better so it must get worse,
and woe betide the prideful fool who can
suggest improvements on a Perfect Plan!
"That Joy Unending is a farce as well.
It's like the 'endless punishments' of Hell
to which we soon become accustomed, then
go looking for Variety again.
Our 'endless' pain becomes our average state
--the medium in which we operate--
avoiding flames we know are really hot
and seeking out a merely-searing spot
where, long ago, we gnashed our fangs and roared
but by which 'torments' now we're merely bored.
The principle applies to Heaven's 'Bliss.'
It isn't long before you're taking this
for granted; and become a bit annoyed
when there's no greater bliss to be enjoyed.
"Consider this besides: Eternal bliss
may someday be the Angels' nemesis.
The heavenly contentment, peace and love
thought 'normal' by our enemies above
can't motivate them to the same extent
as does the anger, hate and discontent
engendered by the senseless, cruel wrongs
so long endured by Hell's resentful throngs.
We fiends are strengthened by our unjust fate,
while angels morally degenerate.
"Don't feel so bad about damnation. You
survived an ugly shock, and still pulled through.
Besides the strength of character obtained,
you've full immunity from 'Justice' gained:
You've been through Hell, and now there's nothing worse
the self-styled 'Ruler of the Universe'
can try to scare you with." 
  "That's not quite true."
the trainee said. "There's Outer Darkness, too,
beyond the confines of Creation's pale
where spirits weep, and gnash their teeth, and wail.
Would you--for all your love of evil--face
that Realm where there is neither time nor space?"
"That's poppycock!" the wiser fiend replied.
"Whoever told you that one, really lied!
Belief that such a state exist's beneath
consideration. Spirits don't have teeth!
It's just a phrase they used, in days of old,
as now we'd say we're 'left out in the cold.'
Re-read the Book of Matthew, and you'll see
the author used it metaphorically.
We've scientists in Hell. Why don't you ask
some Graduate to undertake the task
of telling us how there can be a place
with no coordinates in time or space?"

The junior fiend fell silent. He could see
the question had no answer, logically.
His argument by common sense was doomed.
He listened while the wiser fiend resumed:

The Missionaries (concluded) 

"The plain fact is, there's only one place worse
than Hades, in the whole wide universe.
You've heard our Leader say he'd rather rule
in Hell than serve in Heaven. He's no fool!
Their social order isn't any joke
for those who have to live beneath its yoke.
"The rank and file of Heaven's citizens
are Angels--whose prestige surpasses men's
immensely, from the savelings' point of view;
but in their Choir their privileges are few
compared with what their overlords enjoy.
They're customarily addressed as 'Boy,'
and dare not let their betters know they care
for fear they'll be expelled, and sent Down There.
Their halos gleam; their robes are white as snow;
but socially, they're lowest of the low.
Their Glory may be vastly greater than
the glory of a resurrected man,
but they're the Hierarchy's dust.
 "Above
the Angels stand Archangels: second of
the hierarchy. That's the rank I held
before I got too Proud, and was expelled
to start life over.
 "Ruling over these
Archangels are the Principalities,
exalted over angels just as far
as human beings over earthworms are!
Do you think serving them is any fun?
It's not a fate I'd wish on anyone;
and, take my word, it won't ennoble you
to suffer all the nonsense I went through!
"Above the Principalities are Powers,
with exaltation two ranks up from ours.
A Power was the highest Being we
Archangels even qualified to see--
and that was never very gladly done.
It's somewhat worse than staring at the sun.
Their Glory's so immense, it made us feel
ten fathoms lower than a roach's heel.
"But they're not even near the top. They must
prove worthy of some lofty Virtue's trust,
whose exaltation as compared to Powers
was as a Principality's to ours,
two glories up from Principalities,
and, from the bottom, fifth of nine degrees.
"But even Virtues don't have any say,
since they're beneath the Dominations' sway.
But Dominations grumble, grouse and groan
at being body-servants to a Throne--
who has no true authority at all,
because he's at some Cherub's beck and call.
"The Cherubim (Grade Eight) must be the most
adaptable of our Celestic Host.
In fact, it's seldom possible to say
just what they'll look like, on a certain day.
The Eighteenth Psalm (which I presume you've heard)
describes a Cherub as a horse-sized bird;
but those Ezekiel saw, six centuries
B.C., were picturesque monstrosities
with faces pointing north and south and east
and west: one human, three some bird or beast.
They fundamentally resembled men
but with extremities that totaled ten,
inclucing legs: four wings per Cherub, and
beneath each wing a human arm and hand.
The ways their shoulder blades and collar bones
connect, are Anatomical Unknowns.
Each Cherub had a Wheel that followed him
around, with rows of Eyes around the rim.
These Sports appear in Chapter One, and then
with one important change, in Chapter Ten.
The second time Ezekiel saw these things,
their Eyes had spread to arms, legs, backs and wings
like Optic Measles. They would be the bane
of their optometrist--he'd go insane.
"In other Bible passages, you'll find
their faces have from four to two declined.
Much later, Revelation Four reveals
they've kept their Many Eyes, but lost their Wheels;
and three of them have switched their human norms
for bovine, aquiline and lion's forms.
Besides these awesome body-changing tricks,
each Cherub has increased his wings to six.
This shows how far their rank surpasses ours:
They've been awarded self-creative powers.
"Yet one who ranks among the Cherubim
still has a Seraph lording over him.
The Seraphim have more authority
than any Choir. Their high priority
derives from exaltation next to God's.
They terrorized us less-exalted clods.
The doorposts trembled when a Seraph spoke,
and his vicinity was filled with smoke.
I've seen these things; and if my word's in doubt
re-read Isaiah Six, and check me out!
"If you'd enjoy a sense of feeling small,
I recommend you sneak inside the Wall
to catch a glimpse of those resplendant Things
with fiery breath and half a dozen wings
and bodies they can change to any shape
to leave their awestruck underlings agape,
who, by their place in Heaven's High Command,
may--very meekly--in the Presence stand.
The drawback is, one ray of such a Light
as they emit, would blast you out of sight.
"And so, my pulpit-pounding friend, why mope
at losing your unrealistic hope
that you could even start to qualify
to dwell among the Moguls of the Sky?
A start is all you'd ever get, you know.
There's no great kudos for a Holy Joe.
Unless you've made a martyr of yourself
you'll be assigned the very bottom shelf!
Who wants to grovel with that servile crowd
to whom no independent thought's allowed,
and who, to keep their exaltation, must
accept a status lower than the dust?

"But now I've changed the subject. What you asked
was why you never in salvation basked
although the life you lived was in accord
with rules you thought 'proceded from the Lord.'
The reason for your luck at Heaven's gate
is obvious: You'd rather dominate
a congregation (Never mind their creeds!)
than leap to serve some Holy Mogul's needs.
You're 'bloated up with pride,' like all the rest
of us--a fault which cannot be suppressed.
You lack the humble, self-effacing soul
that makes an Angel easy to control.
The Keepers of the Gate did not look twice
to notice that--they pegged you in a trice--
but were, of course, reluctant to admit
your strengths had anything to do with it.
"You are a Leader. Heaven's lords prefer
a less-assertive type of follower.
You have the talent to address a crowd
and keep your audience completely cowed
and spellbound, drinking in each golden word
of your harangue, no matter how absurd.
That's what I meant in speaking of a 'quirk'
that's badly needed in our line of work.
Your gift explains not only your success
in firing earthly dupes with holiness;
but also your quite-unexpected fate
before your Judges, at the Pearly Gate.
Who wants a saveling, up in Heaven's Realm
who, unpredictably, may overwhelm
with blazing oratory, some gathered crowd
who'd never dared express their thoughts aloud,
but might be yearning to cast off the load
of long-resented service, and Explode?
That happened, you'll recall, in days of old
when Pride was less effectively controlled.
You can't believe what havoc once was wrought
while God permitted independent thought:
We had a war up there! Some angels held
dissenting views, and had to be expelled.
It took three days to quell them--much to God's
embarrassment--despite his better odds.
That's why they had no time, at Heaven's Gate,
for listening to you expostulate.
Besides, the very fact that you had tried
to argue, would have been an act of Pride.
Celestic judges use their last resort
before all others: Cut the matter short!
Their fear of shattered bliss is much too strong
to run the risk of being proven wrong.
Who knows what sort of violent discontent
might shake the broad Celestic Firmament,
if resurrects and angels listen to
subversive elements who talk like you?
Eternal self-complacency just might
be sleeping on a bed of dynamite!
"You've been a missionary all your life.
You found no time for Vice--much less a wife;
you never met a girl whose character
could measure up to what your standards were.
This means that you devoted all your time
to battling false beliefs and moral crime.
Why let such dedication go to waste?
Go on! Just choose your Cause with better taste.
You've mastered Magic Theory very well;
you'd be a credit to the Host of Hell.
So turn your talents to a worthy cause:
teach sorceries, instead of Holy Laws!
The choice is yours, of course. We can't compel
a Man of God to serve the cause of Hell;
but fiends could own this Middle World someday
with your support.
 "That's all I have to say."

The ape, who'd heard this dialogue unfold,
was spying still--but growing bored and cold.
The reason he had listened patiently
was that the fiends had mentioned Deity
on numerous occasions; and to find
exactly That was what the Tribe designed.
If he could gain the information we
required to locate Cosmic Deity,
he'd be the Tribe's New Hero, and the rest
could hurry back to Eden, with our Quest
an unalloyed success!
  The only snag
was, conversation had begun to lag.
The senior devil put his map away.
His understudy found no more to say.
He paced the ground and pondered--back and forth
from north to south and then from south to north,
hands clasped behind his back, head bowed in thought
while, in his mind, a Holy War was fought.
His black, reptilian eyes were seen to glow
beneath drawn brows. His tail lashed to and fro.
The Inner Struggle, wrenching at his soul,
at last burst through his outward self-control.
He stopped abruptly, gnashed his fangs in ire,
and hurled his Volume in the glowing fire.
As one by one the pages charred and curled,
the flames leaped up, and smoke clouds bulged and swirled.
The fiend exhaled. He looked renewed and soothed.
His shoulders straightened, and his forehead smoothed.
"I feel," he said, "as if a mighty load
has fallen from my soul. Let's hit the road!
I've grown impatient, now, to do my part
in promulgating Diabolic Art!
I feel a stirring sermon taking form.
I'll be red hot, instead of just lukewarm!
I'll pound that pul--um--alter stone and rave.
I'll make those sinners change their hearts and save
--um--what I meant was, damn their souls to Hell.
I hope you'll hear me. This will go quite well.
My soul's just brimming with Satanic Art!
I've really had a wondrous Change of Heart!
At last I've seen the Darkness, thanks to you!
My heart's completely evil, through and through!
Regrettably, we must await the hour
of His Satanic Majesty's full power."
He estimated, glancing at the moon,
still just above the trees.
  "It won't be soon
enough for me! And yet we still have hours
before my former evangelic powers
can be unleashed to serve a Worthy Cause.
I'll prove that I deserve these wings and claws!"
"That's good," his mentor said, "but let's go slow.
Old habit's hard to modify, you know.
There's still no rush. I hope you're not averse
to taking time beforehand, to rehearse."

The ape was now quite bored. He saw he still
had several chilly, dreary hours to kill.
He hadn't fully realized before,
he'd miss his favorite hours of sleep, and more.
Perhaps he didn't really need that sack
he'd thought he had to requisition back.
It's not as though the sack were very new.
the seams had raveled in a place or two.
It might not take as long to fabricate
a new one as to wait, and wait, and wait.
He surely didn't need the grapes. The woods
were still quite full of perishable goods
which could be dried--although he'd lately heard
that nuts and tubers were to be preferred
for winter storage.
 Did he owe the Tribe
the verbal "maps" these devils might describe
if he kept listening till midnight? They
were clearly running short of things to say
of relevance.
  The night had grown quite black.
Our tribesman thought he should be heading back.
Nocturnal Predators would start to prowl
before too long, and hungry wolves to howl.
He rubbed his eyes and, yawning sleepily,
he cautiously descended from his tree.
One option he considered was, of course,
that he could sieze his property by force.
Although he wasn't armed, a Bludgeon could
be found by rummaging around the wood;
then, by approaching in the Way of Spies,
he'd have the full advantage of surprise.
However, he'd had no experience
with weapons like the one in evidence
and wasn't quite convinced he could afford
to trust a club against a flaming sword.
Discretion counts as much as Valor, when
one must contend with well-armed fiends, or men,
and when the prize one hopes thereby to gain
is one a wiser Hero might disdain.
The grapes, he now recalled, seemed not to be
as ripe as he'd assumed, initially.
The sack, if he returned another day,
could probably be found where now it lay.
To steal it from him woudn't benefit
the fiends--nor had they even noticed it.
Resolving just to drop the issue was
the best decision he could reach, because
although timidity is rare, with apes,
we don't take needless risks for Sour Grapes.

David and the Cyclops 

The Tribe had not left Eden's ample fruits
in search of hardships, but of Absolutes.
We'd known we'd get some fat along with lean;
but, so far, gristle was the best we'd seen.
The Quest for which we'd left our home behind
was first deferred, then driven out of mind
as day-to-day emergencies arose:
harsh weather, shortages, and prowling foes.

One spring a scout came back with tidings which
restored our fervor to its former pitch--
the looming snowpacks which were poised before
had not survived the warmth, and were no more.
The threat of avalanches being past,
the Tribe had access to the plain at last
and could, as we originally planned,
pursue the Quest across the western land.
Our scout was also eager to report
a human being of another sort,
who, judging by his bulk, might possibly
be some relation to the Deity;
and if he wasn't God, at least he may
be better able to direct our way
than someone of less godly stature could.
He'd seen this Being striding through the wood
engaged in hunting, or some such pursuit.
On spotting him, our tribesman, keeping mute
and watching from concealment, had discerned
his Godlike size, then prudently returned
to fetch the Tribe. He thought it might be wise
to bring a group of some impressive size.
Not having seen, yet, what our tribesman had,
we all went trooping out there. We were glad
to find some sentient life, besides our band,
from whom to seek advice--who'd understand
the deeper yearning of our tribal soul
and kindly steer us toward our hazy Goal.
We should have known from past experience
that this assumption didn't make much sense.
Of all the "human" species we had met
not one had answered any questions yet.
(The Centaur had, to give him credit, but
his mind was fixed in one peculiar rut.
His effort to "reeducate" our Sage
caused mass confusion, in a later age.)
But Spring, when all Creation is renewed,
imbued us with an optimistic mood.
The snow was melting, and the path was free.
The swollen stream was roaring cheerfully.
Beyond the canyon's mouth a valley spread,
where willows budded by the river bed.
The breeze was moist and warm, the sun was strong,
and birds were filling all the world with song,
as if predicting that a hopeful dawn
would end the dismal Night we'd undergone.

The stranger from a distance we descried.
He sat and rested by the riverside.
In phenotype he was a human being.
Was this God Incarnate we were seeing?
We had heard that that was one disguise
which God assumes, when on this Earth He spies;
and we were not acquainted, at the time,
with all the shapes the "human" race could mime--
we thought those breeds encountered in the wood
had taken every shape one species could.
As we approached him, and naively called,
he suddenly arose.
 We were appalled.
He stood approximately five apes high
and in his forehead gleamed a single eye.
Our Sage, however, couldn't be deterred
from wishful thinking he'd so long preferred.
The Tribe was leery; but the Sage, quite calm,
approached this "god" with no apparent qualm:
"My friend, if you'll permit us to intrude
upon your hunting ground, we seek no feud.
Could you advise us where we ought to look
for Something which we read of, in a Book,
and which we've sought on every hill and dale
and mountainside, so far to no avail?
Responding to this Inner Urge we feel,
we're seeking an Intangible Ideal--
or God (another term which some prefer).
We're seeking something--what, we're not quite sure."
The Cyclops offered no reply. Instead,
he swung his club and crushed the Sage's head.
We dashed in all directions, in our flight
to reach the nearest treetops' utmost height
and watch, with lurching stomachs, first to last,
the monstrous Cyclops' cannibal repast.

Our mission unaccomplished, we returned.
This wasn't very bright, we later learned.
We should have kept on going, straight ahead,
to lands that knew no Cyclopean tread.
The giant left, and let us all retreat,
but spread the word that apes were good to eat.
Thereafter, all his relatives and friends
came hunting apes through gullies, gaps and glens.
They liked to hunt in pairs, or groups of three,
uprooting shrubs and shaking every tree,
no more afraid of warriors than cubs.
They came equipped with gunnysacks and clubs,
and sniffed us out, or traced us by our tracks
until they had enough to fill their sacks.
We lived in constant terror, knowing they
at any moment might detour our way.
The pass in which we'd settled came to serve
Cyclopes as a sort of game preserve.
They posted wardens at the canyon's mouth--
a line of guard posts, stretching north and south.
On looking out across the flat at night
we saw them standing watch by campfire light.
Two giants manned each post. One warden kept
his eye on us, while his companion slept.
The route by which we'd entered from the east
was choked with ice the thaws had not decreased;
and those who tried to reach the eastern side
were either driven back, or else they died.
The glacier-crossers saw the chasms yawn
beneath their feet, and suddenly were gone.
And no historian has yet explained
why such a glacier formed, and then remained
all year around, to block the eastern gate.
Was this the work of conscious, hostile Fate?

Although they wouldn't let us leave the pass
where we were cornered--least of all en masse--
we never dared approach the Cyclops tribe
in war, in friendship, nor with any bribe.
We kept avoiding them as best we could
by scattering our campsites through the wood.
We couldn't camp as one community
in one location with impunity.
We stuck together till our nesting ground
among the woods' best sleeping trees was found
by Cyclops hunters--who began to roam
quite regularly through the Tribe's "new home,"
disrupting family life, and snatching cubs,
and shaking trees by whacking them with clubs.
Thereafter we divided into clans
comprised of ten to twenty pithecans,
who changed their campsites often, and whose braves
competed with the gnomes for cliffside caves.
By day we had to forage where we might
find cover, if a Cyclops came in sight.
We lived like fugitives, or quarry. We
had reached the Nadir of our history.
When we have reached the Bottom Point, we know
that Up must be the only way to go.
With passing centuries, our hopes revived
for liberty of which we were deprived.
Our Sage was dead, and no one else was wise
enough to organize an enterprise
of any sort--much less a project vast
enough to break encirclement.
 At last
a Chief* arose, to argue down our fears:
"We've been immobilized a thousand years!
__________
*Again anonymous. Again the blame
for losing yet another famous name
from Eden's history devolves upon
some careless scribe--who is himself "Anon."
__________

Is skulking in ignoble slavery
an index to our tribal bravery?
We shall renew the Quest our forebears sought
but first the Tribe's oppressors must be fought!"
The word was spread among the scattered clans
and won adherents to his martial plans.
The Tribe became united, as before,
and Eden's braves prepared for Holy War.
Our leader led us westward, hundreds strong,
resolved to right this old, unrighted wrong.
Our sheephorns blared a brave cacophony
to taunt the Cyclopean company.
We could quite likely have accomplished more
by less heroic means than open war.
Morale was splendid; but it's seldom wise
to pit morale against colossal size.
But History cannot be changed. Our band
on open country boldly took its stand,
as tribal drums and trumpets raised a din
to mask the second thoughts we felt within.
The only way that Eden could have scored
a seeming victory, was if we'd poured
our total force against the border guard
who had the exit from the canyon barred.
Sheer numbers might have overwhelmed the Foe,
who numbered but a score or less--although
the Tribe, through underconfidence, preferred
to wait, and make our warlike clamor heard
--perhaps expecting them to lose their heart
before the fighting had a chance to start.
But merely acting brave was not enough. 
They knew their strength--and ours--and called our bluff.
Until their might was fully evidenced
we hadn't known what we were up against.
We'd met them in the woods, but never more
that two or three at once, or, rarely, four.
They now came flocking from their caves and farms,
in answer to their border guards' alarms--
more total bulk of their gigantic race
than we had thought could occupy one place:
for though their numbers weren't a tenth as great
as ours, they had us dwarfed in total weight.
The braves of Eden, struck with dumb surprise,
surveyed the rank that loomed against the skies
A single one of those enormous shapes
was worth a whole platoon or more of apes.
They took their time, discussing strategies,
while Eden's troops were melting at the knees,
procrastinating noisily. At last
our chance to scatter to the hills had passed.
No brave had wished to be the first to run;
and now the real battle had begun.
Our foes approached us, confident and blithe,
like mowers getting set to ply the scythe.

Cyclopes ambled through our ranks that day
with careless ease, as farmers harvest hay.
The Tribe's retreat would soon have been a rout--
except the giants left us no way out;
they moved to cut us off on every side.
We found our javelins couldn't pierce their hide.
Our clubs and axes were our last resort,
which, for the purpose, were a trifle short.
As certain tribal strategists have said,
to brain a foe, one first must reach his head;
and very few among us had the strength
to wield a tomahawk five times our length.
The only places we could reach our foes
--if we were lucky--were the shins and toes;
and someone coming near a Cyclops' leg
got hammered through the topsoil like a peg.

It looked like Massacre, for Eden's flock. . . 
till some young cub, who'd found a fist-sized rock,
approached the giants' chief, with youthful pluck.
His stone described a graceful arc
  and Struck.
Rebounding with a hollow, bony Thud,
it traced a shorter arc, and hit the mud.
The Cyclops clutched his whirling head, and found
himself outstretched, supine, upon the ground,
not knowing what the trouble was. To him
the world was spinning, and the light was dim.
He tried to rise, but didn't make it, quite.
A galaxy of stars obscured his sight.
He groaned, and tried again--
 and then he guessed.
A grinning ape was standing on his chest
with battle axe aloft, as he came to.
The axe descended. That was all he knew.

One field in which we Killer Apes are quick
is picking up an advantageous trick
upon a moment's notice. Toward the last
the Tribe was pegging missiles thick and fast.
The sky was darkened with our fusillade.
No ray of sunlight pierced that flying shade.
Besieged cyclopes, never quick of wit,
could not imagine what to make of it.
They'd all fought Cyclops-style, until that day,
and hadn't known our brats fought wars this way.
A horde of giants fell to our assault
If some escaped, it wasn't Eden's fault.
We routed them, and then, with keen delight,
pursued them all that day and half the night,
until they dropped, and in Exhaustion lay
and passively accepted Come What May.
The Second Book of Louie

commonly called

IN THE WILDERNESS


In the Wilderness

From that day forth, our dedicated band
pursued its holy Quest across the land,
through habitats of apes and beasts and men;
through settled lands, then wilderness again.
Beyond the hills, the Tribe once more was faced
with level, sparsely-populated waste,
where endless miles of grass grew shoulder high,
and featureless horizon met the sky.
There wasn't much to eat, unless a herd
of bison crossed our path. Not much occurred
of theologic interest. Once or twice
we fought off tribes of three-foot human "mice"
who'd never heard of God. They called themselves
the distant relatives of forest elves,
explaining they had been defeated in
a Civil War against vindictive kin
then banished from their former haunts, and cursed
with other faces than they'd had at first.
These "men" were narrow-shouldered, round of paunch,
and very rodent-like in leg and haunch.
Their tapered, ropy tails, devoid of fur,
were slightly longer than their bodies were.
They did have hands, and fought with swords and bows,
but weren't the most courageous of our foes.
The bison herds, though hardly numerous,
provided intermittent game for us.
Between the feasts came famines. Then we sought
whatever source of protein could be caught,
and tried to eat whatever vegetation
looked as though it might avert starvation--
tubers, mushrooms, berries, stalks and seeds.
Though some proved toxic, others filled our needs.
One can't be finicky; one has to try
new foods to supplement a scant supply.
The Tribe came next upon the land where dwelt
the Cecrops. They were human to the belt,
but from the waist on down, the wriggling tails
of thickset rattlesnakes, adorned with scales.
They also fought in human fashion, and
were quickly put to flight by Eden's band.
Though horrifying in appearance, they
looked better than the sports who came our way
a few weeks later, when we had to pass
a range of truly Brobdingnagian grass,
where many breeds of gangrels hid with ease
amid the stands of grass the height of trees.
There lurked the Sporcecs, also human snakes,
amid the densely-clustered grassy brakes.
Their snaky necks, as flexible as whips,
were mounted on a pair of human hips.
With human legs, their pace was speedier
than Cecrops with their winding snake-tails were.
Their fangs and limber necks were lightning fast.
They liked to strike from ambush, as we passed.
They used no weapons but their fangs, although
their venom laid some hardy tribesmen low.
They were the micemen's dreaded enemies,
who, chancing on them, swallowed them with ease
beginning with their heads and gulping past
the chest and hips. The tails were swallowed last.
They then looked pregnant for a month, while they
digested their unmasticated prey.
They also hunted us--but found that we
surpassed the micemen in ferocity.
One fact the Tribe was quick to learn was that
a Sporcec wasn't hard to lariat,
and with his limber neck encumbered, he
could not apply his fangs effectively.

The world, we found, was one enormous spread
of wilds, from which most sentient life had fled
long years before, if ever there at all.
We sometimes found a crumbling concrete wall,
a scrap of rusting metal, or a bone
of ape or man or beast, but these alone
were indications that in ages past
the vacant lands had not been quite so vast.
As we proceeded through the wilderness
the grassy areas grew less and less,
and areas of total desuetude
devoid of living herbs were all we viewed.
The only tufts of grass we found were dead
--although what seeds there were were harvested
and greedily consumed by tribesmen who
had eaten nothing for a week or two.
Yet here and there upon the arid sand
we crossed oases, tracts of fertile land
where humans of assorted mongrel breeds
built huts, and plowed the earth, and planted seeds.
In settled lands, we always tried to find
historians and sages of their kind
to ask them what their species knew of God.
Too many took us for some kind of clod,
though hardly any of them seemed to be
familiar with the concept "Deity."
The "cultured" nations were about the worst,
disdaining what they hadn't thought of first,
and all too glad to tell us how they viewed
our Fundamentalistic Attitude.
The Apes of Eden soon were widely cursed
for our insistent theologic thirst,
demanding that we be allowed to look
through all their settlements, in every nook,
in lofts and attics and behind their doors,
in all their closets, chests and dresser drawers,
then through their fields, on every patch of sod
for any tracks that might be left by God.
Not everybody recognized our right
to search. Most often there would be a fight
before we got our point across. And yet
we bore no malice for the tribes we met
until they ridiculed our high ideals--
and then their streaming gore enriched the fields;
for we were sensitive to gibes we heard
from know-it-alls who ruled our Quest absurd.
The skeptics were of every race and shape,
including other breeds of Higher Ape.
Orangutans, gorillas, chimpanzees:
we battled apes of all varieties.
Besides the major stocks of Pithecan
we also clashed with every breed of Man.
We hated human beings worst of all.
Some men were fat and squat, some lean and tall.
Some men had four legs, some had three or two--
each human subgroup tried out something new.*
Aquatic races imitated fish.
Below their belts were scaly tails to swish.
The little woodland elves, pigmented green,
helped complicate the human racial scene.
In stagnant air, the human sylphs and sprites
helped complicate our sentries' sleepless nights.

__________
*A sage I once discussed this with opined
that these were figments humans left behind
when they became extinct. If this is true
we've found such "figments" strangely solid. -Lou
__________


Some breeds of men made elephants look small,
while others we could hardly see at all.
In all their odd variety of shapes
they looked like vulgar travesties of apes.

Though mentally some men were fairly bright.
Their race, we're told, was first to read and write.

THE SOLIPSIST 

The strangest race of human beings yet
was one that in the wilderness we met.
On every isolated herbage patch
a few of them were seen to peck and scratch.
They stood a few hands taller than an ape
and looked like ostriches in outward shape--
yet these were human beings. We could tell
by their distinctive, acrid, human smell,
and by the suits they wore. No beast wears clothes
but those who from some human lineage rose.
Their family life is not like other birds
(or humans). Bigamous, they run in herds
of six or eight--one cock and several hens
(or should I call them 'women'?) It's the men's
(or cocks') responsibility to stay
and warm the eggs the hens (or ladies) lay.
Their coats were black, with zippers underneath.
They lacked a human's crowded, rotten teeth.
Their heads were humanoid, except the nose,
which was a beak. Each foot had two big toes.
Their knees bent backward; yet these creatures ran 
more rapidly than other humans can.
In fact, when they bestirred themselves and tried,
they cleared six meters at a single stride,
outpacing every foe, including us.
Their kick was also very dangerous
Athletic as these human creatures were,
the lazy louts were seldom seen to stir.
They never flew at all. They did have wings,
but these were fluffy, ornamental things
with snow-white plumes, attractive to the eye
but useless to a bird who wants to fly.
A frightened ostrich tries to run away,
so these weren't ostriches. They chose to stay
and calmly watch our Tribal Envoy who
approached their group, to ask them what they knew.
Although our tribesman held a tomahawk
and looked determined, all they did was gawk--
they made no move to fight or run away,
but listened while our Envoy had his say.
". . . and so, the ape concluded, "you can see
that we're intent on finding Deity,
so don't play dumb! It's getting obvious
that everybody knows, except for us.
If you won't tell us where to look for God,
your blood and brains will clutter up the sod!"
The "ostrich" gave the ape a look of bored
uninterest, and replied, "You can't afford
to murder Me--nor could you even try
brute force, if I Myself do not comply.
You don't exist. You're just a figment, twirled
from wool I spin, imagining the world."
He ducked his head upon its slender neck
and languidly began to hunt and peck
among the grass and weeds.
  The ape, perplexed,
was doubtful how to broach the subject next.
"That may be so, or not," he said, "but still
we Figments sometimes have been known to kill.
We do mean business, and if you won't talk
I'll bash your head in with this tomahawk;
and your example may your comrades give
a motive to be more informative!"
The human raised his head again. "Were I
to dream you were deceased," he said, "you'd die.
Were I to dream that you do not exist,
you'd vanish in an airy puff of mist.
Were I to dream that you were--shall we say--
a Rabbit, you'd grow ears and hop away.
You're anything I think you are; and so,
since you offend Me, you had better go."
"Come on, now," said the ape. "You're telling me
that only what you dream about can be?
If you believe that only you exist,
by definition you're a Solipsist!"
"The world I seem to sense," the ostrich said,
"exists because I have a talented
and versatile imagination. You
did not exist before you came in view;
and once you're out of mind, you'll vanish from
My Consciousness, and nothingness become.
You'll try to say, as all you figments do,
that you remember past events' which you
'experienced' before you came to be--
a manifest impossibility!
You were (or weren't ) exactly what you seemed--
a vulgar nightmare I had not yet dreamed.
I dreamed your substance up as you arrived,
and, at that instant, your false past contrived--
inspiring your impossible conceit
that you with past existence are complete.
In truth, you have no Past, no Memory,
no Consciousness. No one exists but Me.
The universe, including humankind,
was fabricated by My fertile Mind.
I never dream of God; so, logically,
he lacks definable reality--
except in your imagination; and
you dream (or live, or die) at My command.
God is--and this can never be disproved--
the figment of a figment, twice removed
from anything resembling Realism,
a groundless and unpremised Syllogism;
and I am Sole Imaginator of
the worlds below, between, and up above.
And now begone! You are not what you seem;
and I prefer an entertaining dream."
With that, the human "ostrich" turned around
and went on pecking idly at the ground.

Our Envoy scratched his pate. He interviewed
the other "birds," and found this attitude
was prevalent. Each cock or hen was sure
that all Existence sprang from him or her.
He heard some variations on the theme,
but all insisted he was just a dream;
and every argument that he essayed
to break the deadlock, no impression made.
It was as if a well-known liar tried
to prove, by logic, that he never lied.
His hearers deemed him nonexistent, hence
could see no substance in his arguments.
The ape began to wonder whether he
was certain of his own reality.
Could he be sure of his existence, when
he couldn't prove it, even to a hen?
In search of reassurance, he returned
to tell his fellow tribesmen what he'd learned.
The Tribe convened in council, and agreed
that these were birds the cosmos didn't need.
In arrogating God's prerogative
--we all concurred--they'd lost their right to live.
The more we talked, the angrier we grew
to think mere human beings thought they knew
the Metaphysical Realities
that we had sought in vain for centuries.
And then implying, as their leader had,
that he was God--that really made us mad!

Our outraged troop approached the ostrich band.
They promptly thrust their heads beneath the sand
to blot from view the enemies they feared;
and we--would you believe it?--disappeared!
We found ourselves a thousand leagues away,
and don't know how we got there, to this day.

THE THEOLOGUE 

In wandering, a thousand years perhaps,
we reached a land where snowy mountain caps
in jagged, monumental ranks arise
to score the clouds, and card the woolly skies.
We searched, with often-scoffed but dauntless hopes,
through tangled woods that cloaked the rugged slopes.
The human natives--leprechauns and elves
and dryads--sent us off to chase ourselves
when they were asked if they'd found God. What few
we caught amid the undergrowth, we slew--
we'd little patience with a churlish clod
who wouldn't tell us where to look for God.

The Tribe, in those days, used to scatter through
the landscape from some point of rendezvous,
and reassemble later. We had found
that, thus dispersed, we covered much more ground.
A Scribe of Eden scoured the bosky wood
to find whatever trace of God he could,
till overtaken by the fall of night.
He sought asylum in a pine tree's height.
He found a place to hang his sack of junk
(the Archives), propped his feet against the trunk,
reclined upon a limb, and there he lay
in perfect comfort till the break of day.

On opening his eyes again at dawn,
he found them focused on a Leprechaun
who had approached along a nearby limb,
apparently investigating him.
He watched the leprechaun through slitted eyes
till he drew near, then took him by surprise: 
His hand shot out to seize the human by
the collar--but he didn't blink his eye,
for he'd been given reason to believe
that leprechauns, unwatched, were quick to leave.
A leprechaun was really quite a catch
the first he'd ever yet contrived to snatch--
though clearly not the richest he had seen.
He wore a tattered coat of faded green;
his hat was crownless and his shoes were torn,
presenting an appearance quite forlorn.
"That wasn't sportsmanlike," the human said,
"to trap me by pretending you were dead."
"I never heard that rule," replied the ape;
"but now I've gotcha, and you can't escape.
I wasn't faking nothing--even sleep.
I really was asleep; and now I'll keep
on looking at you. If I do, I'm told,
you gotta lead me to your Pot of Gold."
"Bad guess," the leprechaun responded. "I'm
so broke I haven't got a sandwiched dime.
I never made a Pot. I used to be
a starving student of Divinity.
Besides, what use is Mammon to a breed
like yours, that forages for all you need?" 
"I guess that's true," the ape replied. "Let's find
some way for you to pay me off in kind.
I'll tell you what: Just tell me all you know
of God's location, and I'll let you go."
"To seek Religious Truth through use of brawn
is hardly kosher," said the leprechaun.
"The methods customarily preferred
are Testimony and the Written Word.
Perhaps your problem is you just can't spell,
if what you seek is 'Gold' without the 'L'
. . . but still, I guess your offer's fair enough.
I'm actually supposed to know that stuff.
I took some courses in Theology
at Brooklyn Irish University
fifteen or twenty thousand years ago,
when it was deemed a useful field to know.
I didn't graduate, but that's the breaks.
I wrote it off as one of Youth's Mistakes.
In fact, the longer I pursued that rot
the more agnostic and confused I got.
Since then, Religion's vanished out of mind
along with the demise of humankind;
and now it's out of style. Who would have known
you apes would take it up? To each his own!"
"C'mon; quit stalling!" growled the ape. "I think
you're killing time, to wait for me to blink!"
"All right, then," said the leprechaun. "Let's see
what I can reproduce from memory.
It really isn't all that easy, though,
recalling things I learned so long ago.
One quote I do remember, by some fluke
(XIth chapter of the Book of Luke,
verse 2, I think it was), where, at the start,
it says 'Our Father, Which in Heaven art. . .'
You'll find it, too, in Matthew VI, verse 9
if I can trust this memory of mine.
So there's your answer, so it seems to me.
If you can get to Heaven, there He'll be."
"That ain't too helpful," said the ape, "because
we'd have to find out first where Heaven was."
"But that's an easy one!" the human said.
"It has to be directly overhead .
It says (verse 4 of Genesis XI)
'Let us build a tower up to Heaven'
--or words to that effect. As you will note
iambic rhymes raise havoc with a quote.
Or else (verse 12 of chapter XXVIII)
where Jacob saw, while in a dreaming state,
a Ladder of unparalleled renown
on which God's angels clambered up and down.
In chapter IV of Deuteronomy
you'll notice, if you read it carefully,
that Heaven's sun and moon and stars are seen
by lifting up thine eyes, in verse 19."
"I guess so," said the scribe, "but apes can't fly,
so how are we supposed to reach the sky?"
"There was a way," the Theologue replied,
"for those who changed their hearts, and later died;
but dying now won't be much use to you--
immortal souls are out of fashion, too.
Besides, you'd need Repentance to get in,
and apes were never capable of Sin.
Until you've sinned, you can't repent; and so
Apostacy's the only way to go.
Right here on Earth is where you'll have to stay.
. . . No, wait a second! There's another way.
In Second Kings, verse 12 of chapter II,
It says Elijah in a whirlwind flew
a team of horses all aflame, and got
to Heaven in a blazing chari-ot."
"It don't sound practical," the scribe replied,
"to get there at the cost of being fried.
A souped-up rig like that's too hot a rod
for guys like us to drive, to go see God.
A way we wouldn't be so leery of
would be that Ladder, reaching up above.
A ladder up to Heaven wouldn't be
much harder climbing than a long, thin tree."
The human raised one hand to shade his eyes,
and gazed intently at the morning skies.
"I wonder what you'll lean it up against,"
he mused.
  The ape looked, too--before he sensed
the Trick. The double-crossing leprechaun
was left unwatched, and instantly was gone.
He left our hoodwinked tribesman sitting there,
with doubled fist enclosing empty air.

THE MORALIST 

A Killer Ape of Eden's Tribe set forth
with shouldered spear, to search the forests north
of our encampment.
 Recently our Chief
had said that, in his personal belief,
since God had all Earth's vegetation made
(presumably because He liked the shade)
that He was much more likely to be found
in wooded country than on open ground.
This Chief was famous for devising new
ingenious theories, every week or two;
but what had we to go on? So we took
his words as sound advice, and went to look.

Our tribesman searched for half a day or more,
not really sure what he was looking for.
It wasn't easy going. There were both
congested trees and heavy undergrowth;
and dangling vines, festooned from limb to limb,
perversely seemed intent on strangling him.
At last, deciding he had done his best,
he by a Primrose Bed lay down to rest.
He may have closed his eyes. How long he lay
in Slumberland was difficult to say.
He was awakened by the high-pitched noise
which human Girls emit, when chased by Boys:
not quite a giggle, yet not quite a scream.
The ape shook off his interrupted dream
and raised his head. He cast his eyes around
to find the source of this untoward sound,
but made no other movement, lest thereby
he draw attention from some Hostile Eye.
A Nymph, with twinkling foot and flashing leg,
came streaking past him, naked as an egg.
The nymphs, unlike most other human breeds,
were unpretentious in their clothing needs.
Around her neck she wore a simple wreath
of daisies, and a rose was in her teeth.
Aside from these--and "standard" human hair--
the lady seemed contented Going Bare.
Our tribesmen watched her dash across the glade
to seek "concealment" in some bushes' shade.
Then who came bounding fast behind her, but
a Satyr, clearly in a State of Rut.
Above his waist, his skin was nearly bare.
His hips and legs bore shaggy, dark brown hair.
A stubby goat-tail, wagging as he ran,
was one more difference from a "standard" man.
Although the whiskers which adorned his face
were normal male equipage for his race,
the curving, goatlike horns were not; nor were
the hooves, half hidden by his ankles' fur.
Our tribesman, somewhat taken by surprise,
had time to seize his spear, but not to rise--
much less to chase the humans down. The two
raced past him and were quickly out of view
behind a screen of foliage, whence there came 
the sounds peculiar to a Mating Game:
hoarse laughter, giggles, shrieks, and then the sound
of playful tussling on the leaf-strewn ground.

The ape got up, and stood awhile in thought.
Though human supernaturals could be caught,
he knew the best approach to hunting them
was neither strength nor speed, but Strategem.
Both nymphs and satyrs liked to stay aloof
from apes; and both were fleet of foot and hoof.
The nymphs were mentally inferior
to other human types, but warier.
In fact, no other race of humankind
was quite so light and frivolous of mind
nor so adept at dodging through the trees.
One didn't outmaneuver them with ease.
Although the Satyrs often fetched them, they
were only caught because they Liked to Play,
and even satyrs in frustration sought
a nymph who wasn't willing to be caught.
Our well-read tribesman knew that both of these
were once considered "minor deities,"
who might, through old acquaintances of theirs,
have first-hand knowledge of Divine Affairs.
Since that was what he needed, he began
to lay a simple, but effective, plan.
Because their love-life wasn't his affair,
he used the time, while he was waiting there,
to cut and prune a length of limber vine,
a pair of Nooses artfully to twine.
With these he planned to bind the hands and feet
of either human he was first to meet.
He'd hunted humans in the past, and knew
that if he tried to catch them both, the two
would dash in opposite directions. So
he'd capture one, and let the other go.
The moment lost deciding which to chase
might well prevent his winning either race;
but making this decision in advance
his prospect for a capture would enhance--
it was a case of Human Cunning, pit
against more-subtle Pithecanic Wit.
The ape, with his equipment, climbed a tree,
and found concealment in the greenery.
The satyr, as it happened, was the first
to Have his Fill, and from the love nest burst.
The mongrel human, looking satisfied,
strolled calmly forth, his senses dulled with pride
in his most recent Conquest Amorous--
an easy prey for wily foes like us!
Our tribesman, dropping lightly from a limb
behind the human's back, accosted him:
"Stand still! Stick both your hands above your head,
and don't look back at me!" our tribesman said.
"No tricks! Do just exactly as I say,
and maybe you'll survive another day!"
He set his spear point at the satyr's back
and prodded him. "Don't give me any flack!
I know my racket; and I've got the drop
on you! Now march, and--when I tell you--stop!"
The startled satyr meekly raised his hands,
and hastened to comply with these demands.
"I've got some cross-examining to do,
and I won't hesitate to run you through
with seven feet of spear," explained the ape,
"if you so much as think about escape!"
The satyr walked, his captor keeping pace
behind him, with the spear point held in place
between his shoulder blades. 
  They reached a glade
where there was space--in case a break was made--
to hurl a spear. Where there were fewer trees,
the captive might escape, but not with ease.
The ape here forced the satyr to the ground
and, with one hand, a pre-tied slipknot found.
He pulled the satyr's wrists behind his back,
secured them with a loop, drew up the slack,
then slipped the other noose around his feet,
the same adroit maneuver to repeat.
He watched with wary, calculating eyes
to see his hog-tied captive try to rise.
The satyr twisted, managing to sit
and wonder how to make the best of it.
"Perhaps," he mused, "I'm wiser to assist
you with your question, if you'll state the gist.
The Crime Wave hereabouts is rising fast,
and seems to have affected me at last--
although I've been quite fortunate, so far,
in never being where the muggings are.
I guess I'm fairly lucky still, if you
are merely asking questions--nothing new!
I've answered questions all my life, it seems,
on quite a wide variety of themes.
I used to be a University
Professor, at a school in Tennessee."
His lack of rancor made the ape decide
to set his deadly hunting spear aside
to put his captive more at ease--but he
made certain he could reach it easily.
He then a likely patch of herbage found
and took a seat, cross-legged, on the ground.
"You realize we're forced to act this way,"
he said, "because of tricks you humans play.
There's quite-important facts we've got to learn,
but we get ridiculed of every turn!
Yet some of you get reasonable enough
when you're convinced we Killer Apes are tough.
I'm gonna start with something which, for me,
is Scientific Curiosity:
You satyrs go out chasing nymphs all day
for purposes of Rolling in the Hay.
No other reprobates we know of need
a mating partner of a differ'nt breed.
The best Begats you'd get, by Mendel's rules,
would be some funny-looking human Mules
('nymphatyrs'?) reproductively inept,
that neither nymphs nor satyrs would accept."
"That is a little personal," replied
the satyr, "but it can be clarified.
We humans, all psychologists agree,
are social beings, fundamentally,
and are as such obliged to come to grips
with Interpersonal Relationships.
Since we're immortal, as I guess you know,
we needn't reproduce our kind, although
we're absolutely normal, as respects
our inclinations toward the Gentle Sex.
But--to our understandable distress--
there's no such creature as a Satyress.
"Consider also Nymphs--a human breed
to whom Affection is a basic need.
Their actions, like their outward pulchritude,
reflect a warm, outreaching attitude.
But tender feeling nothing much avails
the ladies of a race devoid of Males.
Since social isolation's hard to face
for individuals of any race,
we make the best of our unhappy fate:
for self-fulfillment, we miscegenate. . . .
"But tell me, friend: you go to such extremes
to catch informants, that to me it seems
you must have more important questions than
what needs are similar for Ape and Man."
The ape agreed this was, in fact, the case,
and briefly summarized our worldwide Chase--
our trek through territories harsh and vast,
and tribal misadventures of the past.
". . . and so," he finished, "all the leagues of sod
we've covered, haven't caught us up with God.
We've cross-examined everyone we've met
and haven't heard an honest answer yet.
We're sure that everybody knows, but us--
and keeping secrets can be dangerous!
We've terminated every jerk we've met
that plays your game of gnostic hard-to-get.
We also know you satyrs used to be
associated with some deity
in some capacity or other; so
I'd recommend you tell me what you know
or things might get a little tense for you.
To put that plainer yet, I'll run you through!"

"Belligerence is quite unwarranted
as far as I'm concerned," the satyr said.
"To answer you would be a tricky task
for some; but not for me--I'm glad you ask!
Few scholars are more competent than I
to your intriguing question to reply.
It happens by a lucky turn of fate
that I'm an Expert. I'm a Graduate
in Mathematics, with a specialty
in non-Euclidean Geometry--
that branch of mathematics which relates
to N-dimensional coordinates.
I then went on to earn a Th.B.
in Moral Science and Theology.
And, long ago, before that Great Event
when most of mankind to Perdition went,
I taught Religion and Geometry
at Hickman County College, Tennessee;
so hardly anyone could tell you more
of where to find the God you're looking for."
"That sounds okay to me," the ape replied,
"to know that my informant's qualified;
but let's address the subject. Where should we
--in your opinion--look for Deity?"
"All right," the captive said; "but let's review
some facts, before I try to answer you.
The answer isn't known to everyone.
In fact, there's much explaining to be done.
To start with, let us carefully review
the strategies already known to you.
As you have just recounted, on your Quest
you've searched in one direction, namely, west;
and have adhered to this for many years.
The possibility remains, one fears,
that this may not be optimal, and you
some other, new direction should pursue.
I do admit, if God resides out west,
then that direction's certainly the best
for those who search for Him. By going east
the distance from your goal would be increased;
nor could you reach it hiking back or forth
on one meridian, from south to north.
But if, conversely, Heaven upward lies
it takes no Ph.D. to recognize
that thorough search of all the land around
will never get the searchers off the ground."
"A leprechaun we questioned, years ago,"
the ape suggested, "tried to let us know
by quoting Scripture-texts he'd seen somewhere
that God's abode is somewhere in the air
--I think he said 'directly overhead.'
But since we couldn't fly, we chose instead
our old expedient of heading west.
At least, we figured, that was second best."
The satyr pondered. "Overhead, you say?
He may have been mistaken, in a way,
although the Scripture does, in fact, imply
God's domicile is somewhere in the sky.
The Scripture's true, but frequently makes use
of terms ambiguous, at times abstruse,
with certain of the Truths which it affirms
expressed in ancient, unfamiliar terms.
If you peruse the Scripture much, you'll find
that words like 'up' are often undefined,
and may have had a different sense, somehow
from that in which we understand them now.
The text may say that Heaven's 'in the sky,'
but never states explicitly how high.
"I'd therefore add a New Dimension to
my area of search, if I were you.
If God turns out to occupy a place
that's undefined in what we know as Space,
then searching on the ground or in the air
will obviously never get you there.
Strike out afresh! A New Dimension trace
which at right angles lies to Euclid's space!"

The ape, with blank expression, pondered this
incomprehensible hypothesis,
suspecting darkly that the satyr's main
objective wasn't really to 'explain.'
"Hold on a minute," he replied. "I see
the general gist of what you're telling me;
'cause out of north and south and east and west
no one of them is manifestly best.
The east's no good, since that's the way we came.
Aside from that, they look about the same.
That leaves us Up and Down. Of those, we know,
it can't be down, since God is hardly low.
the Devil's low, which logically implies
his Opposite is somewhere in the skies;
but gazing upward at the empty air,
we see there's absolutely nothing there.
With two directions clearly weeded out,
and all the rest in reasonable doubt,
you're saying what we ought to do is find
some new direction, boggling to the mind?
You can't discover new directions. They
have always been the six we know today
and always will be! God created those
along with space, as everybody knows--
so tell be how it's possible to go . . ."

He paused and puzzled, but he didn't know
just how the satyr got his feet unbound.
He knew he'd tied a loop of vine around
his ankles; but as he could plainly see
the satyr subsequently got them free.
Perhaps it didn't matter much. The ape
was sure his prisoner could not escape.
His wrists were tied behind his back, so he
could knock him down and hold him easily.


THE MORALIST (continued) 

"If still you're puzzled," said the satyr, "I'm
obliged to cite a false example: Time--
which isn't space, of course; but you'll agree
it does have perpendicularity
to all the three coordinates of space
through which geometrists are wont to trace
a 'three-dimensional hypotenuse.'
In four dimensions, this becomes abstruse,
since calculation of its length is done
by multiplying roots of minus one--"
"Don't hand me that," the ape objected. "I
know any number that you multiply
by what it equals--or itself--will give
a Product--called a 'Square'--that's positive.!
You multiply a One times One, and you
obtain a One just like the other two.
And Zeros also act like that (although
you couldn't prove that by some Apes I know).
But Minus One's another matter. It
squares up to be its natural opposite!
So One has two square roots, but Minus One
ends up a sort of orphan, having none.
And that's a fact that no one can dispute:
that minus one is minus one square root.
There isn't any number, anywhere,
that even starts to fill the specs. Its square
is minus one, so it would have to be
some strange, imaginary quantity."

"Your terminology," the satyr said,
has hit the nail exactly on the head!
The number is imaginary. I'm
inclined to discontinue calling Time
the Fourth Dimension. What we need is one
through which some sort of traveling is done,
analogous to moving, place to place,
along the three coordinates of space.
Besides, if God's removed in time, then He
is in the future or in history-- 
which means He doesn't now exist; and so
it contradicts what you and I both know.
Moreover, Scripture, you'll recall, insists
that Deity eternally exists;
and Godly eternality implies
that His abode outside the time-stream lies.
We must conclude, there's little likelihood
that traveling through time will do much good."
"Your Th.B. in Mathematics," said
our tribesman, "isn't moving things ahead.
Despite the arcane gibber, all we've got
so far's a list of places God is not.
Explain this 'new direction' that you know,
and give us some idea where to go,
or maybe I'll decide it's just a ruse
us Searchers to bedazzle and confuse.
If you expect to stay alive, then get
to cases, 'cause I haven't learned much, yet."
"Of course," the satyr said. "We'll now pursue
the line of thought on which I've started you,
and analyze it in precise detail.
Fear not; my teaching methods rarely fail.
Besides east-west, up-down, and south-to-north,
no intuition tells us there's a fourth
dimension; yet it stands to reason, since
one Datum must the slowest mind convince:
In measurement of Space, we clearly see
we've two dimensions horizontally,
and, perpendicular to these, a third
that's vertical. Now isn't it absurd
that Space should be lopsided in design
when one more height would bring it into line?
If space has two dimensions sideways, why
just one defining what is Low or High?
From this it's evident that there must be
a second Vertical, for Parity."
Our baffled tribesman puzzled, closed his eyes,
and tried, without success, to visualize
two vertical extensions one could say
at quarter-circles to each other lay.
He soon gave up.
 On opening his eyes,
he noticed, with perfunctory surprise,
that while he'd floundered mentally around
his captive somehow got his wrists unbound.
However, so preoccupied was he
he hardly noticed this discrepancy.
"If you can show me how two Ups exist,"
he told the satyr, "then I get the gist:
Since God's location couldn't be as low
as where we're sitting, Up's the way to go.
But time's extent is clearly back-and-forth
and no more vertical than south-and-north;
and Vertical's the way we have to go
--or so it seems--to get to Heaven; so
this other Upward (call it 'upward prime')
is stretched out perpendicular to Time.
If that hypothesis makes any sense,
let's hear you cite some solid evidence!"
"That's not exactly what I meant," replied
the satyr. "Linearities beside 
the common ones exist. If you would give
your Quest a prospect more than optative,
then can you conscientiously afford
to leave the Fourth Dimension unexplored?"

"In our imaginations," said the ape
"let's figure out this Fourth Dimension's shape;
and I can prove, in forty lines or less,
that your hypothesis is meaningless.
Suppose you're sitting at a point in space
and wish, by Thought Experiment, to trace
those perpendicular coordinates
that your unique location generates.
There's one ahead of you, and one behind.
With these two Rays, one Line has been defined.
Now, from the point where these two rays unite,
two more extend, exactly left and right.
Adjust these two until their angles from
the first two rays equivalent become.
Two crisscrossed lines will now be lying where
the angles formed are just exactly square.
By this precise construction, we obtain
the two dimensions which define a Plane--
the one you're sitting on. Now let's suppose
four other rays, coincident with those
directions--with their common Origin
at where these Perpendiculars begin--
are angularly made to elevate 
at one, exactly-equal, even rate
until these four new rays at once decide
exactly overhead to coincide.
They merge, as any micromind can see,
in Vertical Dimensionality.
The one direction left would be the line
from Origin, straight downward to define
by tilting horizontal rays to meet
at one Direction, underneath our feet.
"So three coordinates have been arranged,
and not a one of them can now be changed
without disrupting what we've seen to be
their common Perpendicularity;
since any new rotation will produce
two angles, one Acute and one Obtuse.
Right Angles were our object all along;
and if an angle isn't Right, it's Wrong!
So, isn't it Intuitively Clear
we have exactly three dimensions here,
and any fourth dimension has to be
a geometrical absurdity?
"The phrase 'intuitively clear,' for us
geometrists, is less than rigorous,"
explained the satyr. "Spatiality
is not the issue, necessarily."
"Then give examples!" said the ape. "These bits
of abstract theory violate the wits
of folks who live in real space, and find
non-space dimensions boggling to the mind!
A plane has two dimensions, space has three.
A fourth is inconceivable to me!"
The satyr sighed impatiently. He found
some twigs that lay beside him on the ground,
and eyed them carefully, to estimate
if they were equal lengths, and fairly straight.
"Examples?" he replied. "All right; let's see.
I'm sure you've heard of heights of ecstasy,
which means a state of transport or delight,
quite irrespective of one's spatial height.
In music, too, some notes are high, some low,
and even up and downward seem to go.
And someone 'moved' by music cannot say
through which dimensions--surely not 'away.'
An instance which is more than simile
is that Dimension called 'Morality'
along which some attain to higher worth
while spatially remaining here on Earth.
I'll build a model for you, which will prove
it's space through which it's possible to move."
He plucked a stem of grass, with which he bound
two twigs together in a Plus, then found 
another twig.
 "Please note," he said, "that these
two sticks conjoin at fourscore-ten degrees.
Observe: I'll tie another stick . . . right there.
The angles formed are still exactly square.
The model I've constructed represents
a Solid Space, in all its three extents:
width, depth and height--the three dimensions we
ascribe to Volume, in Geometry.
With three coordinates, each point in space
may be assigned to one specific place,
which, technically, is zero in extent,
approximated by some Measurement.
Now watch me carefully as I affix
a fourth 'dimension' to the first three sticks."
He tied another stem of grass around
the junction. When the twigs were firmly bound,
the satyr smiled triumphantly, and passed
the model to the ape--who stared, aghast.
He turned the model over in his hand
this way and that, and strove to understand
how obvious impossibilities
could be accomplished with apparent ease.
Comparing every pair of sticks, he saw
they formed a foursquare cross, without a flaw.
"By damn!" the ape exclaimed. "You did it! Wow!
You made them fit! I can't imagine how!
You tied four twigs together at a point
where all their midpoints form a common joint;
and each of them is plainly seen to be
at normal angles to the other three!
But look at this: By turning it around,
all four component twigs are quickly found,
but never all at once. There seems to be
no view from which I'm seeing more than three.
I hold it this way; and there's three in view--
unless one's endwise, when there's only two;
and when I tilt it forward, this one here
rotates behind, and seems to disappear.
The same thing happens tilting left or right:
There's always one of them that's out of sight.
Yet none of them is going anywhere.
They're tied in place; they've got to stay right there."

THE MORALIST (concluded) 

"You're quite observant." said the satyr. "Let's
assess how far our demonstration gets:
We've built a geometric model, which
one views from various degrees of pitch
and roll and yaw, and divers aspects sees
of four-dimensional realities.
One point I think we've proven: Moral 'height'
and 'depth' exist, though often out of sight.
That's why it wasn't evident to you
which way to go, your Object to pursue.
The main point is, this demonstration shows
what every Mathematics Teacher knows:
that four-dimensional reality
has been established with finality
and Moral Entities are free to move
through good-and-evil Height--which was to prove.
Some people, Moral Scientists maintain,
contrive to live upon a Higher Plane
than others who, though occupying space,
make few pretensions to a State of Grace.
"So there's your answer: Good and Bad comprise
the 'upward-prime' through which your Tribe must rise
to reach that Goal you've hitherto believed
you might by trudging westward have achieved.
"It's not the easiest of ways to move,
for one must conscientiously improve
one's Moral Nature: but there is a way.
Instead of wandering, you'll have to stay
in one location, living simple lives
on milk and honey from your herds and hives;
appreciating natural beauty of
the woods and meadows, and the skies above;
and doing little kindnesses for one
another, when there's Goodness to be done;
and every morning, on arising, say
'Today I shall improve myself, some way.'
You mustn't settle here, nor close around,
because Temptations in these woods abound.
Go out somewhere, where there are only you
and God's creations, and you'll make it through.
Pursue a simple life upon the land
and strive the Ways of God to understand.
Obey your Mama; keep your morals pure;
and you'll attain your Goal, you may be sure."

The ape considered this. "I can't refute
your reasoning," he said, "but I dispute
the practical experience you've had
in differentiating Good from Bad.
I wouldn't learn much, would I, asking you:
for Entertainment, what do satyrs do ?
You go chase nymphs and nymphets through the wood!
Can such amusements be considered Good?
Besides that kind of lechery and vice
(that lots of folks don't think is very nice),
you guys take part in Witches' Sabbaths, too,
sometimes impersonating You-Know-Who!
We've sometimes spied on Satanistic whirls,
and seen you hot-dogs making out with girls!
You spike their drinks with aphrodisiacs
that make them act like nymphomaniacs.
Each satyr there gets swizzled to the gills
from all the cups of grapejuice booze he swills.
We Killer Apes believe in having fun,
so I'm not criticizing anyone;
but, since Morality is what you teach
it might not hurt to practice what you preach!"

"I see there's one important point you've missed
which I'll explain," replied the Moralist.
"A Teacher's practice is a separate art
from which his precepts may be worlds apart;
while someone who can do things expertly
may quite a Dud as an instructor be.
"A math professor, famous for his lore,
may be, before a class, an utter bore;
and students registered to take his class
must teach themselves, if they expect to pass.
His substitute may less profound appear,
and yet inspire ten Einsteins every year!
"A Literary Critic may be wise
enough to read, appraise, and criticize
a writer's work, and thereby rise to fame--
although the Critic barely signs his name.
The Critic's art is not the same as that
which makes the freelance Author sleek and fat;
but every bit as valid, in its way,
as Authorship, despite the meager pay.
"How many athletes, formerly renowned,
have, in retirement, new vocations found
as Teachers of the skills they once applied
but would buffoons appear if now they tried?
A Boxing Master whom I used to know
was by a freshman student's jab laid low
through sheer misunderstanding, on the part
of one who'd come to him to learn the art.
The Teacher, when he to his senses came,
upon his bungling pupil laid all blame.
It didn't tarnish his prestige a bit;
he'd not been boxing--he'd been teaching it;
and Pedagogic Skills are not the same
as those a mere practitioner can claim.
"My precepts are for moralists who would
eschew the Evil and pursue the Good--
that being the coordinate of 'space'
along which one must 'move' to reach the 'place'
(terms used advisedly) where you may find
that Great Objective which you have in mind.
You say I stand accused of moral taint?
I am an Educator, not a saint!
If someone asks directions, I reply
as best I can. That doesn't mean that I
am traveling the way he wants to go.
I've merely told him what he wants to know.
My expertise in teaching Virtue should
not be construed to mean I must be Good.
We Teachers only practice what we preach
when teaching student teachers how to teach!
My best professional advice to you
is: Do as I advise--not as I do.
That ends the Moral Lecture for today."
The satyr rose, and lightly skipped away
before the ape had time to realize
this was a Break, before his very eyes!

The ape sprang up with spear in hand--and threw.
He saw his weapon hurtling straight and true,
on target, veering neither left nor right.
Just then the Target flickered out of sight.
The spear transfixed the space he'd occupied
and pierced a hummock on the further side.
The satyr reappeared. "Nice throw!" he said.
By Euclid's computations, I'd be dead.
Now try again--and this time utilize
dimensions Modern Moralists advise!"
The ape went dashing to retrieve his spear.
He hurled--and saw the satyr disappear
once more. This time his spear impaled a tree
just past the spot the satyr had to be.

A disembodied laugh rang through the wood.
"Your problem is, my friend, your aim's too Good!
Be glad you never took a course from me.
If I were grading you, you'd have a D.
Your windage and trajectory were great;
but you neglected one coordinate.
With all the sound instruction you've just had,
you should have aimed
a little further
Bad."

THE APOCALYPSE OF CASTOR 

It may be true that more of Earth is dry
and barren now than in the years gone by.
These ancient documents I'm sorting through
for history worth passing on to you
refer quite frequently to seas and lakes
or mountain forests cloaked with trees and brakes.
The fact that I myself have never seen
that sort of vegetation, doesn't mean
such wooded highlands never did exist.
The Swamp, for instance, thick with fetid mist
and crocodiles and water snakes and all,
which many senior tribesmen still recall,
may be, a generation hence, dismissed
as dreamery by some mythologist.
"Our gaffers tell some good ones," they will say
when present witnesses have passed away;
though many of us saw this, in our youth.
We shouldn't hastily dismiss the truth
of anything the Tribal Archives say.
I try to meet mythology halfway.

The Beavers, in their artificial bogs,
who build their wigwams out of mud and logs,
had little use for apes; yet our first clue
that anyone outside our number knew
that God exists, was furnished by a sage
of Beaverkind, in that forgotten age.
Crude ogham symbols, gnawed on sticks, comprise
their tribal books--yet some of them were wise.
A brave of Eden, scouting to survey
a mountain valley, looking for a way
across a stream--some ford the Tribe could take--
surprised a beaver, near his homemade lake.
Our tribesman, moving stealthily between 
the beaver and the water, wasn't seen
until, confronting him with spear in hand
he challenged him, presenting his demand:
. "I'm not exactly hunting," he declared,
"so maybe there's a chance that you'll be spared,
if you possess the common curtesy
to satisfy my curiosity."
The beaver answered, in a level voice:
"I guess I haven't got a lot of choice."
Our tribesman asked him first which ford was best
and afterward described our tribal Quest:
"For centuries," he said, "we've searched for God--
an enterprise which some consider odd.
Can you, or maybe someone else you know,
explain to me exactly where to go?"
He wasn't pleased to hear the beaver say,
"Your tribe could waste a lot of time that way."
"And would you call us fools for doing so?"
the ape demanded, javelin poised to throw.
"I'd better warn you, those who waste their breath
disputing our beliefs, get put to death!"
The beaver yawned, and nonchalantly said,
"I knew a wizard, once (now long since dead),
who had some ancient legends to relate.
There's one I think you might appreciate.
Perhaps you'll spare my life some moments more
to let me share this entertaining lore.
He told me he in turn had known a sage
who said he'd heard, at quite an early age,
from some historian his father met
--who'd gotten it from older sources yet--
this myth, to which our forebears once inclined:
"In long-forgotten ages out of mind
this Middle World was planned and built by God,
with sky and water, woods and brush and sod,
according to a well-intended plan
to make a home for Sentient Life. Then Man
was designated Guardian of Life
to moderate our ecologic strife
and intervene when some disruptive force
in Nature veered it from its normal course.
"But men devised a wholly different plan
than God envisioned, when the world began.
In human beings' arrogant opinion
God had given them complete dominion
over all the land they could subdue
and everything that swam, or crept, or flew.
They also felt they had a valid deed
to 'every tree with fruit which yieldeth seed.'
'Replenish all the Earth; subdue the place;'
their Scripture told them. 'Multiply thy race.
The fear of human beings, and the dread
shall be on every other creature's head,
with everything which creepeth on the land
or swims the sea, delivered to thine hand.'
"In other words, they totally declined
responsibilities which God assigned,
and brashly took possession of the place
by dispossessing every other race.
Unkillable, few humans ever died.
Their greedy populations multiplied.
At first in scattered settlements, but then
in swelling multitudes, the tribes of men
appropriated forests, plains and hills,
remolding all the world to suit their wills.
Our forests toppled, not just bit by bit,
but acres every day, to make them fit
for ranches, towns and roads. They drained the bogs
and marshes, killing off the fish and frogs
and robbing waterfowl of needed space
to nest and raise their young. The human race
became unchallenged tyrants of the Earth
in every land throughout its length and girth;
and those adapting to their harsh behests,
who lived among them, were considered 'pests.'
"Man saw creation as a gift to him,
to use according to his carefree whim,
so every patch of wilderness became
a challenge--something to subdue and tame.
The rivers could be used for dumping waste.
The 'unproductive' woodlands were replaced
with acres of prefabricated shacks,
or factories with richly-smoking stacks,
or sprawling highway mazes, nicely banked
for breakneck speed. Such roads were always flanked
with billboards, placed to shield the travelers' eyes
from natural landscapes humans so despise.
The scenery that humans liked to see
was that reflecting 'Human Industry.'
Until the vegetation was removed,
and concrete poured, they called it 'unimproved.'
One thing a human being couldn't stand
was unexploited, unproductive land.
He viewed each bush, or herb, or uncut tree
as 'wilderness'--his hated enemy,
to be remolded to his own desire
with axe and plow, or steam and steel and fire.
Where water flowed, he rushed to fill it in
with cardboard, broken glass and rusty tin.
Unblemished bark of trees, and unmarred cliffs
were beautified with carved or painted glyphs.
Old beer cans and graffiti seemed to grace
the least-developed, most-unlikely, place.
Where dwindling tracts of old-growth timber stood,
the humans saw them as a source of wood.
The ground it occupied, until replaced
with streets and parking lots, had 'gone to waste.'
To speed development of woods and plains,
they drenched such areas with acid rains.
The poison vapors from refineries
despatched unsightly flowers, grass and trees.
To staunch the flow of rivers, dams were built.
Dry channels filled with trash, dead fish, and silt.
The seas were beautified, with little toil,
by filming them with tankerloads of oil.
Pelagic life then decorated each
delightful, oily, carcass-littered beach.
The sky--that huge, oppressive pall of blue--
presented problems, but was conquered too:
the megatons of coal the humans burned
spewed forth its acrid overcasts, and turned
the azure hue to one which men preferred:
a yellow-gray unmarred by any bird.
The world was one enormous garbage can
for jetsam from the Industries of Man,
whose fondest aspiration was to make
a lifeless cesspool out of every lake,
a gravel pit or mine of every hill,
a sewer of every river, rank with swill.
They couldn't stand the world the way things were
--or so their labors gave us to infer.
"To human beings, all the 'lower' breeds
existed to fulfill their 'owners' needs.
We beavers weren't the only ones whose hide
became an ornament to human pride;
nor was our exploitation half as bad
as others'; beaver hats were just a fad.
For many, mankind's interest didn't pall
till species were extinct beyond recall.
Some birds were harvested for plumes. Some died
from eating hand-me-down insecticide.
Those species serving none of men's behests
were locked in zoos, or massacred as pests.
The animals they'd captured and enslaved
were all the choosy humans wanted saved.
They penned the ungulates in captive herds
to breed for meat. They clipped the wings of birds
and caged them under artificial light
to dupe them into feeding day and night,
producing tender viands men preferred.
They genocided every beast or bird
that was by nature difficult to tame,
or poached on settled lands, in quest of game.
"Admittedly, all species have to eat.
Are wolves unethical, who slay for meat?
But humans killed from simple lust for blood,
and left their victims rotting in the mud.
Not many species managed to adapt,
and those who found themselves disliked, were trapped
in isolated plots of wilderness
whose acreage every year grew less and less,
and where fun-loving sportsmen roved at will
on well-paved roads, in search of things to kill."

THE APOCALYPSE OF CASTOR (concluded) 

"We beavers are a patient race. We'd learned
to wait till Balance naturally returned--
the classic Laissez-faire hypothesis,
which always worked in olden times. But this
held good no longer. Eighty centuries
of mankind's unabashed atrocities
at last convinced us we would have to take
some urgent steps, correcting God's mistake.
"Our wisest wizards came from far and near,
assembling on a hill, not far from here.
They spent a week or more in deep debate,
for their Responsibility was great.
They had an awesome Moral Choice to make:
to "wait and see"--or drastic measures take.
However they decided, they would be
maligned and hated for eternity
by God, by Nature, or by humankind--
no easy burden on a sentient mind.
They studied every issue hard and long.
In interfering, were they right or wrong?
"The fires of Industry were burning high.
Sulfuric acid vapors filled a sky
distinctly altered from its former hue
to yellow-gray, without a hint of blue.
The few remaining trees were stark and bare,
bereft of leaves by acid-laden air.
The barren hills were scored with deep ravines
where ores were rooted out by Man's machines.
The seas were thick with oil and choked with waste.
The Earth was dying. There was need for haste,
the wizards all agreed. They could not wait.
In one more year, they'd be a year too late.

"For seven nights they watched the wheeling stars
till Saturn stood in quadrature with Mars.
Below the wizards' hill a pit of slime
had processed garbage since the dawn of time--
a fit material for imagery
to represent depraved humanity.
A crumbling stonehenge lay in heaps nearby.
The Moon was on the cusp of Gemini,
and entering its most malefic phase.
The sky with evil omens was ablaze:
The Star of Sudden Changes, Uranus,
was in the Human Sign, Aquarius,
and would, a fortnight hence, afflict the Sun.
"Our wizards all agreed what must be done,
and saw they had to finish their design
before the Moon arrived in Saturn's Sign.
They gathered gruesome objects to enrich
the Symbolism of the slimy pitch--
the teeth and entrails of poisoned rats,
the legs of roaches and the fangs of bats,
the eyes and tongues of vultures who had died
from eating carrion killed by pesticide.
The brain and heart and kidneys of a Sloth,
whose species men destroyed, enriched the Broth.
However they abhorred their ghoulish work,
this race with death was one they couldn't shirk;
and as they worked the wizards chanted low
a Spell recalled from countless years ago
when raw, primeval Chaos used to range
the world, before the Age of Cyclic Change.
The words were harsh and horrible to hear,
inspiring even wolverines with fear.
"The beaver wizards labored thirteen days
to trap the mutagenic lunar rays.
They dredged up mounds of pitch, and then began
to mold them into effigies of Man.
One dozen images, there had to be,
depicting humankind in travesty.
On each of these, a potent Ogham rune
directed emanations from the Moon,
to harness and control its fickle rays
in slow, and relatively-harmless, ways--
for beavers do not act from mere revenge.
"They dragged the loathsome icons to the 'henge
to place among the ruins, in a row.
The sickled Moon emerged from Scorpio.
The time remaining just sufficed for us.
As Luna traversed Sagittarius,
the wizards drew the Trifid Heptagon
--the ghastly Pentacle of Babylon--
and sang an ancient sorcery, so old
its age would never be believed, if told,
and so horrendous in its potency
that some who heard them lost their sanity.
The Moon turned black, conjoined the setting Sun
and entered Capricorn.
  "The task was done.
A blast of lightning ripped the murky sky
from Ursa Major clear to Gemini.
An angry roar of thunder shook the world.
From sundered mountains, flaming rocks were hurled.
Our chanting wizards cringed in guilty fear,
and wished they'd never chosen their career.
The very bedrock, outraged by their spell,
gave violent shudders, felt as far as Hell;
and out across the Middle World a horde
of unseen, liberated Demons poured:
the minions of the Spell, who would enforce
far-reaching changes in the future's course.
Then all subsided, in a pall of death.
For forty minutes, no one heard a breath.

"Ostensibly, the world remained unchanged--
except that certain Stars were rearranged.
The Star of Sudden Changes had regressed,
and was conjoined with Venus, in the west.
The once-familiar astrologic signs
were twisted into nameless new designs.
The baneful Pleiades had shifted east
so Pluto's latent rays had been released
by quincunx aspect with them. Mercury
was combust, having shifted one degree.
"Astronomers among the human race
were baffled: How could stars be out of place
according to their telescopes and books?
"The beavers were exchanging knowing looks
in conscience-stricken silence. Very few
of Earth's inhabitants knew what they knew,
or bore the monstrous burden in their hearts
that meddling with the Universe imparts.
They'd acted slowly and with great restraint,
but knew they bore a lifelong moral taint.
"Though still the chimneys smoked, and boilers burned,
and slag-heaps sprawled, and Wheels of Progress turned,
the Spell was woven. Humankind was cursed.
The wizards, burdened with regrets, dispersed.

"One year thereafter, every time the Moon
grew full enough to activate a rune,
it made some supernatural form replace
another twelfth of all the human race.
They suddenly awoke to find themselves
transformed to pixies, goblins, sprites or elves,
with all the special attributes of mind
and outward shapes peculiar to each kind.
As elves and dryads, they forsook their homes
and looked for wooded country. Trolls and gnomes
bored into hillsides. Towns of humankind
deprived of their inhabitants, declined
to hamlets in the midst of ghost towns, then
to ruins, then to wilderness again.
With passing years, the skies began to clear
as rainfall rinsed the filthy atmosphere.
Resurgent Nature slowly spread again
across the asphalt deserts built by men.

"And thus," the beaver said, "our timely aid
repaired the tragic blunder God had made
in giving humans regency of Earth--
a role in which they showed their real worth.
The human race, divided into twelve
went separate ways to fly or swim or delve
in air, and earth, and water; and enjoy
the world they once had labored to destroy.
And, legend says, our wizards' mighty curse
went on for years creating forms diverse
to which those twelve new shapes of humankind
were further subdivided and refined.
I'm sure there must be more than twelve today--
some half a hundred at the least, I'd say;
yet every type believes itself to be
the True Original Humanity.
"With Man dispersed, we other sentient forms
of life resumed our old instinctive norms,
on plain or mountain safely to reside,
no longer under threat of genocide.
That's why the world's the way it is today
with creatures living every natural way,
instead of making each minority
conform to mankind's harsh priority--
and humankind itself transmuted to
the supernatural beings known to you,
confined to native forest, field and fen,
from which we'll never let them rise again!
"But, as I said, I heard this long ago.
You say I've called you fools? That isn't so;
for though this tale's recorded in our lore,
Not even fools believe it any more."

And while the ape debated what to do,
the beaver, with a splash, was out of view.

THE APE AND THE OGRE 

We left the highlands with their rushing streams
and came to wooded foothills--still with dreams
of quick success, by means we realized
not everyone considered well advised.
We disregarded mere Opinion, and
pursued our tribal Quest across the land,
disdaining means sophisticated, odd
or theoretical, in search of God.
We then believed, as we believe today,
that honest searching is the only way.

A major hazard here was poison snakes
infesting all the shrubbery and brakes.
While hiking through, we stamped our feet to flush
the vipers lurking in the underbrush.
We met no other apes, or human tribes,
to taunt us with their atheistic gibes.
We found out why this was, when scouts of ours 
described a local supernatural's powers--
an Ogre who, by Evil Eye alone, 
could turn the folks he didn't like to stone.
A few days later, prowling through the hills
to search the lightly-wooded slopes and ghylls,
a small patrol of tribesmen, on their hike,
learned we were folks the ogre didn't like!
A subsequent patrol got quite a shock
to find their tribesmen turned to solid rock.
They scratched their mission after quite a brief
excursion, and reported to the Chief.
"That oaf," opined our Leader, "hadn't ought
to mess with us! He needs a lesson taught.
Our right's as good as his, for being here.
We'll soon cut short his sorcerous career!"
Our forces ringed the ogre's hill around.
Our sheephorns blared, our drums began to pound.
"Forth, Eden!" yelled the Chief; and up the rise
we charged, with ululating battle cries.

In Eden's Tribe, when things don't go our way
one Hero's all it takes to save the day;
and this time, also, as the saga's told,
the Tribe was rescued by one hero bold.
The ogre Saw Us Coming, down beneath
his hill. Though we were weaponed to the teeth,
no doubt he chuckled nastily, and thought
that he would be the teacher, not the taught.
Our hero, in the van of our attack,
tripped over something, gave his head a whack;
and there, unmindful of the noisy fray,
slept peacefully until the close of day.
Disturbed at last by Insects in his bed,
he stirred, and softly groaned, and rubbed his head;
then, somewhat groggy, stumbled off to trace
the crew, to ask them what had taken place.
He reconnoitered by the fading light
and found the Tribe had squarely lost the fight.
The hillside teemed with frozen granite shapes
in awkward poses, in the form of apes.
He searched with growing worry all around,
but not a single living tribesman found.
As his investigation ran its course,
Our hero cleverly deduced the source
of Eden's new catastrophe. He felt
he'd better check the place the ogre dwelt.
Observing from the underbrush, he spied
the ogre, sitting by his campfire side.
It was a human, in a robe of skins
which covered, from his shoulders to his shins,
his naked epidermis, void of hair
except for tufts and patches here and there.
His face was large and square, his features crude.
Beneath his lip one saw a fang protrude.
Although the human's hide was mostly bare,
his scalp and jowls bore tangled mops of hair
of rusty hue, uncombed but richly greased.
(He wiped his hands there, after every feast.)
He sat upon a fallen tree, outside
a wigwam built of wattled sticks and hide,
surrounded by the bones of man and boar,
and moose and elk and bear, and many more.
This figured. Even ogres have to eat,
and this one didn't keep his campsite neat.
Our hero wasn't shocked by all the bones
so much as by the ape-configured stones
in "frozen-action" postures, spaced around
among the heaps of garbage on the ground.
"My friend," the ape called out, "your artistry
is something connoisseurs'll wanta see!
I sure wisht I could sculp as good as you.
A hatchet-head's the best that I can do!"
He hoped, by this, to lure the ogre near,
so he, himself unseen, could hurl his spear.
The ogre scanned the brush, and tried to mark
the ape's location, lurking in the dark.
He didn't take the bait, nor venture from
his campfire's light. The ogre wasn't dumb.
He knew full well that where he couldn't see,
he'd no advantage on his enemy.
"I'm glad you like my stuff," he answered back.
“It just so happens business has been slack.
I'd like to keep in practice, on the chance
that some Collector gives me an advance;
so if you want your likeness done, like those,
I'll work for nothing. Come and strike a pose!"
"No, thanks!" the ape replied. "I like 'em fine,
but mostly 'cause they're relatives of mine!"
"Another ape!" the ogre did exclaim.
"I thought I'd got them all. . . . I'm glad you came!
Come share my fire--You needn't hide your face.
Come join your congeners--a fossil race!
"I doubt," the ape returned, "you really need
another statue of our comely breed.
Until my army's ready for a fight
I think I'll modestly keep outa sight.
Our casualties, so far, are fairly few--
I'm general of Brigade 222."
He lied, of course. We'd all been turned to stone
except himself, to carry on alone.
"The more the merrier!" the ogre laughed.
"I'm glad to hear your army's so well staffed.
I'd like to think I had such crowds of fun
in store for me; but you're the only one.
Tonight you're not worth chasing down to slay,
but don't get caught near here by light of day!
That's how your chums got stoned, attacking me,
I'm pretty hard on poachers I can see.
When your ridiculous attack was done,
I'd petrified your army, every one.
They'll stay that way until my corpse is cold,
and supernatural beings don't grow old."
"Until you're dead, you say," the ape replied.
"In that case, friend, I guess it's time you died."
"You bet!" the ogre sneered. "Just drop on back
as soon as you get ready to attack.
I shall await, right here upon this log,
the teeming onslaught of the Banderlog!"

The ogre cooked his dinner on the fire;
then, plagued by bugs, he stacked the fuel higher
and covered it with leaves, to make a smudge.
Our hero, in the bushes, didn't budge.
He plainly saw that it would be his job
to slay this ogre, and revive the mob.
That posed a problem: Any kind of fight
that put him in the ogre's line of sight
was instant doom. He knew he couldn't throw
his javelin further than a keen-eyed foe
could see; so that was too much risk to take
with all the future of the Tribe at stake.
The ogre ate his fill. When he was done
he belched, and licked his fingers one by one;
and after all his leavings had been thrown
upon a nearby heap of trash and bone,
he sat and watched the campfire's glowing smoke
and chuckled at some evil, private joke
until the dusk had blackened into night,
the fire was dying, and the stars were bright.
At last he yawned and rubbed his eyes; then rose
and went inside his hut, to seek repose.

The crickets creaked. Our hero waited. Soon
the darkness was diluted, as the moon
crept into view. The shadowed wigwam door
was issuing a steady, rumbling snore
which gave him to infer the ogre slept.
The time had come to strike. Our hero crept
to where the fire in glowing embers lay.
The ape picked up a brand, and groped his way
around the ogre's stick-and-wattle wall
behind the wigwam. With no noise at all
he laid a fire, of gathered leaves and wood.
His plan was very simple: If he stood
in murky shadow till the ogre woke
to come investigate the source of smoke
the ape, with only negligible chance
of being seen to death, could hurl his lance.
Or, if the ogre's sleep was really sound,
the blaze would burn the wigwam to the ground;
so, whether broiled, or ambushed by the ape,
the ogre wasn't likely to escape.
An even simpler method would have been
to wait for snores, and then go barging in
to slash the ogre's throat. This crossed his mind;
but care is needed, hunting humankind.
In cunning, humans nearly rival us;
simplistic plots are therefore dangerous.
Perhaps--and it was more than just perhaps--
he'd find the wigwam rigged with booby-traps.
This seemed to be the ogre's lucky night:
our hero couldn't make his tinder light.
The glowing ember wasn't hot enough.
The arsonist began to huff and puff
to light the kindling, damp with recent rain;
but even ventilation was in vain.
He tiptoed back to where the embers burned
to fetch some hotter coals. As he returned
a drowsy voice addressed him from the night:
"Who's there? Hello?"
  Our hero leaped in fright
and, thinking quickly, made a headlong rush
to reach the cover of the nearest brush.
He barely got himself concealed before
his nemesis came charging out the door
with torch in hand. By this unsteady flare
the ogre did some sleuthing here and there
around his domicile, until he found
our hero's footprints on the muddy ground.
"Aha!" the ogre cried. "I might have known!
I'll get that ape immortalized in stone
if he's the last I do! I sure won't stand
for having sneaky prowlers on my land!"
He peered around. "I wish it weren't so dim.
I'd like to get a good, hard look at him!"
(He yawned.) "Oh, well; if he decides to stay
around these parts, I'll cross his path someday--
and one good look is all it takes, you know
--with any decent light--to stone a foe.
I'll have to keep in mind he's stalking me,
and take some measures for security.
Too bad I let him know I was awake.
I won't repeat that kind of wrong mistake!"
He yawned again, and went inside his house.
The ape departed, quiet as a mouse.

THE APE AND THE OGRE (concluded) 

Next morning, prowling in the neighborhood,
he heard the ogre tramping through the wood
presumably in search of game. The sound
was drawing nearer, so our hero found
the likeliest concealment he could see
among the leafy branches of a tree.
Affairs had reached a sorry pass, when apes
were forced to brachiate like jackanapes
when some mere ogre, with an Evil Eye
and taste for garden sculpture, wandered by!
Our hero crouched, with mingled dread and wrath,
and watched the human striding up the path.
The ogre wore a pair of rawhide boots,
for serpents crawled among the rocks and roots
in this vicinity. He bore a spear,
a scalping knife, and other hunting gear.
He must have planned to rove afar for game--
he wasn't being stealthy as he came.
Our hero's anger overrode his fear
as dreadful, off-key singing smote his ear:
"He hies him hence to hunt the hart, heigh-ho,
"and bag a bear, a boar, or buffalo;
"to tie two tags to tigers' twitching tails,
"or quarry quiet queues of quaking quails."
Our hero plugged his ears and clenched his teeth
until the poetaster passed beneath.
Of all his private hatreds, none was worse
than that he bore alliterative verse.
He stepped out silently along the limb
and raised his spear, with resolution grim.
He stood with bated breath and ready spear
until he had his target in the clear . . . .
then through the leaves his vorpal javelin sang
to smite his foe,
 rebounding with a clang.
"Hey, I'm supposed to do the hunting here!"
the ogre cried. "Foul play! Who threw that spear?"
He glanced around the wood with piercing eye,
but couldn't see a thing to petrify.
"It must have been that stupid monkey pest.
I thought I'd better wear my spear-proof vest!"
Our hero froze (from fear, not sorcery)
as deadly ogre eyes surveyed his tree
to study every twig and tuft of green.
By sheer fool luck, our hero wasn't seen.
The ogre turned, picked up the spear, and laughed.
"I'd keep this, if it had a straighter shaft,
and if the point was competently chipped
instead of Eolithic Art," he quipped.
He calmly broke the spear across his knee
to halves, then quarters, which disdainfully
he tossed aside.
 "I'd climb up after you,"
he threatened, "but I've better things to do
than playing tag with monkeys in the trees!
Go right ahead. Try any stunts you please!
You heard me say last night I'd be prepared
for any clever derring-do you dared.
Hereafter pay attention what I say!
With that, the ogre turned and strode away,
and left the ape with rage no words describe
to hear such slurs on Eden's noble Tribe.
He gnashed his teeth, and breathed a savage curse
on ogres, and their sculpture, and their verse;
but swearing oaths against all breeds of men
was hollow comfort. He was foiled again.

That night, when darkness shielded him from view,
the ape was back, to do more spying through
the shrubbery. Again the ogre sat
beside his fireplace, turning cutlets that
were braising on a spit above the fire.
The ape repressed an ill-advised desire
to rush upon his calm, complacent foe
and strangle him. Sound judgment told him No.
He nearly lost his self-control, just then;
the ogre was composing 'verse' again"
"No jack'napes' jagged javelins jab us where
"we're wrapped within with wrought-arn wonderwear. . . .
--an almost perfect line. I wish I knew
a word for 'arn' that starts with W."
Our hero rolled his eyes and clutched his head.
He'd see this vile alliterater dead
if that's the only thing he ever did!
His rage revitalized, he slyly slid
a weed-clump closer to the ogre's fire
to get a better view.
 The ground was drier
tonight than it had been the night before.
The ape reviewed his arson plot once more.
The plan seemed sound--if one could just predict
what other dirty ways the ogre tricked
assassins, such as petrifying foes
or taking walks in armored underclothes.
Our hero schemed. He marked the nearby trees,
since ambush almost had to be from these.
He noted the position of a limb
above the ogre's campsite--watching him
ker-slap mosquitoes periodically.
The question was, did this variety
of ogre's ageless, supernatural life
have weaknesses? Suppose one got a knife
or javelin in him. Would that do him in,
or would one get a petrifying grin
for all one's trouble?
 Bugs, it seemed, got through.
What else? Our hero added two and two.
He watched the ogre turn a snake to stone,
that slithered from beneath a pile of bone.
That totaled four. Our hero slunk away,
and hunted warily the whole next day.

Returning with his catch, he climbed the tree,
concealed himself, and waited patiently.
As twilight gathered, home the ogre came,
revived his fire, prepared to cook his game.
He sniffed the air.
 "I smell that ape, I think.
Well, once he's petrified, he shouldn't stink!
I'd like to get that poacher off my land.
I wish he'd hurry up and show his hand!"
He hung the deer he'd killed upon a rack,
and slit the skin, and deftly peeled it back.
He cut a roast, and stuck it on a spit,
then brought some condiments to season it
with peppercorns, and garlic, rank and strong;
and, as he worked, made up another song:
"The Simians with stony stares we slay,
"but game gets (speared?) in good old Grandpa's way--
I need a synonym for 'speared.' . . . let's see. . . 
some verb like 'gashed' or 'gored,' that starts with G. . . ."
He propped the roasting spit above the blaze,
and then relaxed, to watch his supper braise.
He sat upon his log, beneath the limb.
The ape crept out, directly over him,
and carefully poured down the ogre's back
the wriggling, hissing contents of his sack.

The ogre, jumping spryly to his feet
with exclamations I shall not repeat,
began to swat himself with frantic vim
to stun the vipers crawling over him.
Our hero, from the tree branch, watched him dance
and leap about the tree, and hop and prance
and shake his clothes, and flagellate himself,
and somersault as nimbly as an elf.
His roaring and gymnastics shook the hill,
then slowly died away, till all was still.

The Tribe revived, about the break of day,
and dauntlessly proceeded on its way.


THE FISHERMAN 

The global drought has lasted centuries
and hardly anyone believes in "seas,"
which, legendarily, existed here
when Earth's "climatic change" was less severe.
When I was first appointed Scribe, we found
a muddy swamp where water snakes abound;
but that's about the closest thing we know
to lakes and seas existing long ago--
or so some records say. I disagree,
but can't deny that possibility.
This Incident (which dates from just before
our trek through Was, and its concurrent war)
may have some scientific bearing on
this desiccating world phenomenon,
and might support the possibility
that, long ago, there was at least one "sea."

The Tribe proceeded west, until we came
upon the Land of Was--of evil fame.
Inhabited by sorcerers, it lay
directly in our path, to block the way.
A louring wall of solid granite rose
to bar incursions by external foes.
Platoons of hostile sentries could be seen
upon the battlements, well-armed and mean,
with canonry and pots of boiling oil
on hand, a scaling enterprise to foil.
Just south of us was water--vastly more
than any tribesman ever saw before.
It reached the far horizon, much too wide
to see a shoreline on the other side;
and Wasland jutted into it, a prong
of rocky coast some three or four leagues long.
Not many apes knew how to swim, nor could
we build a raft, in country short of wood.
The trees that lined the local streams were small
and twisted, rarely more than three feet tall.
And to our north, a mountain range arose
with cliffs that dwarfed the bastions of our foes.
The coastal heights we'd have to cope with were
not merely steep, but perpendicular.
With both the mountains and the sea ruled out,
we had to storm the Wasans' grim redoubt;
we knew our purpose, and were not inclined
circuitous alternatives to find.
Across the beach ahead of us, the wall
was at its highest, sixty cubits tall,
yet, by comparison, seemed easier
than both our other useless options were.
Our Chief convened his close advisers to
decide what course of action to pursue.
It seemed we might enjoy a short delay
while tribal notables each had his say,
so ordinary tribesmen got a rest
from long-accustomed rigors of the Quest.

Our camp was just a furlong from the shore
--the chance our Fisherman was waiting for.
Although a common warrior of the Tribe,
if asked his Avocation to describe,
he voluably declared himself to be
a Polymath of Piscatology.
Some tales he liked to tell around the fire
inspired a few to call him quite the liar;
but when there was a stream or pond in view,
he always seemed to hook a fish or two.
He happened to possess some fishing gear 
acquiring which had taken him a year
of intermittent war and pillaging.
It certainly was not the sort of thing
we find in every town we sack and burn;
but just how well it fished, he'd yet to learn.
He took his manufactured reel and pole
and headed for the outsized fishing hole.
He picked a spot from which his view was good:
a jutting knoll, on which a signpost stood.
Perusing it, he saw an "N" and "O,"
which, juxtaposed, presumably said "NO";
and then a harder word, with "f" and "i"
and "s," and an inverted letter "y."
He recognized the suffix "i-n-g,"
but quit deciphering, impatiently.
When he indulged his literary bent,
he wanted authors who were competent!
He gave the text his most disgusted frown
on seeing letters printed upside down.
Besides, it wasn't part of his design
to come this distance just to read a sign.
He rummaged through a clump of weeds, and took
some Bait, which he impaled upon his hook.
Atop the knoll, our tribesman cast his line,
and then sat down, his back against the sign,
to watch the cork on which his sinker weighed
to deeper sea by undertows conveyed.
The rhythmic rush of breakers from the deep
was soothing.
 Presently he fell asleep,
his theory being: if a fish was caught
he'd waken promptly when the line drew taut.

He let a peaceful space of time elapse
--a quarter of the afternoon, perhaps--
enjoying every minute of his work.
At last the line abruptly gave a jerk
which wrenched the pole from his unwary hand
and dragged it skittering across the sand.
The ape sprang up and chased it gleefully.
He'd hooked a big one--that was plain to see!
Pursuing as it bounced across the sand,
he snatched it, where the breakers washed the land,
then found some footing, ankle-deep in brine,
and blithely started reeling in his line.
He wished he had a firmer place to stand,
and started inching backwards, toward dry land.
He slipped and toppled, as a first result;
and getting up again was difficult.
To hold the pole took both his hands, he found.
Despite his efforts, he was losing ground.
Just what he'd caught he had no way to know.
One thing he did know: He would not let go!
He took a stance, and battled for control
of his rebellious line and fishing pole;
then kicked and sputtered, cursing savagely,
as his equipment towed him out to sea.
Still clutching his escaping rod and reel,
he plowed the waves as smoothly as a seal
due southward. Bow waves splashing from his chest
became a Wake, advancing east and west.
He craned his neck and looked around, to find
he'd left the shore a quarter mile behind.
His wake was spreading an enormous "V"
across the billows of the open sea.
He started losing confidence, although
he still did not consider letting go.

His pole, which had been pulling toward his prow,
deflected, and was pulling downward now.
This worried him. Less buoyant than a boat,
he knew it might be hard to stay afloat.
His forward motion was the only thing
that had prevented him from foundering.
The pole submerged, but couldn't shake his grasp.
He filled his lungs with one last-moment gasp
and then went under.
  There was something wrong,
he thought, that any fish could be this strong.
To hook a Big One was a point of pride,
but how could size like this be justified
to other fishers who might hear his tale--
for who'd believe he'd "almost" caught a whale?
Fish stories he had heard--and told--before
were less incredible. It took much more
than fish to drag an angler from the lands!
He stubbornly hung on, with all four hands.
With visibility ten feet or less,
he wondered, now, if he was in a Mess.
The brine around him dense and darker grew.
His story really would be something new--
provided he could both survive it, and
bring proof of his adventure back to land;
but neither seemed a likely prospect, now.
He thought he glimpsed a Shark, just off his prow,
but he could not be certain. Algae bloom
obscured his view with murky, greenish gloom.

At last, below him, two vague shapes appeared,
and took on resolution as he neared--
a team he thought incongruous and odd:
a Mermaid and a giant decapod.
The squid was doing barrel rolls, to twine
about itself our tribesman's fishing line.
It looked as if it weighed a ton or more,
explaining how it won the tug of war.
The mermaid was, in stature, more like us.
Her face looked haughty and imperious.
Quite human as to torso, arms and head,
below her waist she was a fish instead,
with piscine scales in place of human skin.
Instead of feet she had a caudal fin.
(her pelvis, though, was incongruently
like that of feminine humanity).
She wore no clothes, except to that extent
that one so classifies mere Ornament--
around her upper arms were golden bands,
and rings and bracelets decked her wrists and hands.
Her greenish hair was snooded in a net,
surmounted with a jeweled coronet.
Her ornaments implied that she might be
Someone Important, here beneath the sea--
some Nabob's distaff side, or, barring that,
the daughter of a rich Aristocrat.
A sharkskin belt about her scaly hips
a sheathknife bore, attached with silver clips.
The ape decided it was time to quit.
He dropped his pole, and hovered next to it.
The mermaid raised her hand to stop the squid
in its gyrations, drawing, as she did,
a silver dagger from her sheath. She took
the fishing line, sliced off the pole and hook;
and then, to free the squid, she slashed the line
to useless fragments, drifting in the brine.
Meanwhile our tribesman floated idly by,
still too nonplussed to ask the reason why
the gear he'd been so lucky to obtain
was being trashed, with evident disdain.
The mermaid, having freed the tangled squid,
then thanked it for the splendid job it did
while serving as a Reel.
  Our tribesman spied
some disconcerting, streamlined shapes which plied
the water in the near vicinity
in Circles, not quite close enough to see.
"Excuse me," said the ape. "Were you aware
we've got some Wildlife stalking us out there?"
"They're mine," the mermaid told him. "They won't strike
unless they think you're someone I dislike.
I always bring a pod of sharks with me
while traveling. They're good security."
She sheathed her dagger. "I've an axe to grind
with you. For fishing here you should be fined
and jailed. Be glad it's me you nearly snagged!
If it had been our Coast Guard, you'd be dragged
before a Magistrate, and catch the Book!
I'll confiscate this rod and reel and hook,
and that's the last you'll hear of it--unless
you take another shot at Lawlessness.
If you try that again, I'll have to be
a trifle irked at your stupidity.
It's clearly posted, where you cast that line.
Don't try to say you didn't see the sign!"
The sharks were circling overhead, not quite
discernible, yet not quite out of sight.
The ape, though much annoyed by now, instead
of popping off, resolved to use his head.
A mermaid who could teach a squid to roll
might well have other pets in her control.
If she could whistle up a pack of sharks,
he might be wise to temper his remarks.
"I never went to school," the ape explained,
"nor knowledge of the Alphabet attained.
I frankly wouldn't know a Posted sign
from any geometrical design
that humans like yourself are apt to draw
us Funtional Illiterates to awe.
Our only educated ape's our Scribe;
he does the read-and-writing for the Tribe.
We common troops just hunt and forage, or
some days we grab our clubs and fight a war.
We're mainly on a Quest for God. The thing
we do the most of's just plain traveling."
"Is that the way you Bipeds talk on land?"
the mermaid snapped. "If so, I understand
why comprehension is a problem for
benighted populations on the shore.
It's hard to understand a Biped freak
who bubbles every word he tries to speak!"
The ape said, "If by bubbles you're annoyed,
It's nothing I can easily avoid.
I do enunciate more plainly where
my voice can resonate in empty air.
But let's not let such trifles interfere
with my explaining just what brings us here:"
He summarized our aspiration to
defeat the Wasans (after bashing through
the fabled battlements with which the race
of human Satanists defend the place)
and--that accomplished--press our tribal Quest
for Deity to country further west.
"I've never been to Was," the Mer replied,
"and can't advise you what you'll find inside.
For us, it's difficult to understand
why anyone would search for God on land,
while our more-credible theology
is widely published, here beneath the sea."
"I guess we never thought of that before,"
the ape admitted. "We assumed the shore
and inland countryside, was logically
the place to look for sound theology.
From what you're saying, fishing for it would
have done our Quest the same amount of good."
"There are some minor deities who live
on land," the mermaid said, "deriviative
from Bipeds' psychical gestalts, not ours,
and second-rate in supernatural powers.
All theologic lore the Bipeds had
was just a self-conceited Dunciad,
a product of the ethnocentric minds
of landbound races of assorted kinds.
Yet, on the other hand, you'll find much more
to choose from, if you search for God on shore."
"We're fairly open-minded on such themes,"
replied the ape, "because, so far, it seems,
we've searched the world, without a single break,
so any useful clues we get, we'll take."
"For one," the mermaid said, "all Mers agree
in that there's only one true Deity.
His name is Neptune, tutelary of
the oceans, and the storms that rage above;
and everyone I've interviewed insists
that He's the God who physically exists.
Moreover, He resides right here with us;
we don't pretend that He's ubiquitous."
"Now that could be important to us," said
the ape. "It might be quite unwarranted
for us to fight with Was, and then push through
to search out west, if God's right here with you.
I really wish I had all afternoon
to talk, except I've got to surface soon.
This Element, in which you say I seethe
instead of talk, is hard for me to breathe."
"Don't worry," said the mermaid. "Wait a bit,
and you'll discover that you're used to it.
I've been ashore from time to time. While there
I find it hard, at first, to breathe in air;
so I just take it slowly, if I must,
and give my lungs a minute to adjust.
Take three deep breaths, and then you'll wonder where
you heard that people only breathe in air."
"That's easier for you to say, than me,"
the ape replied. "In fact, I disagree.
We're apes, not mer-apes; and if we stay down
away from air too long we're sure to drown.
But what you're telling me about could be
a breakthrough in our search for Deity!
If Neptune really is the One True God,
and I pass up this chance, my Tribe might plod
forever through the wilderness out west
without a second chance to end our Quest.
I'll try to hold my breath a minute more
if you'll just quickly summarize your lore.
If Neptune's really everything you say,
this neighborhood is where we'll want to stay!"
"You ask me to reduce theology"
the mermaid asked, "to sketchy summary?
That's hardly possible--unless, perhaps,
you'll tolerate some quite-extensive gaps.
But if the concept of a real God
with shape and size, impresses you as odd,
it's easily demonstrable to you.
In fact, I can arrange
an Interview."


THE FISHERMAN (continued) 

"I hate to harp on this," our tribesman said,
"but I'm so short of wind I'm nearly dead.
a breath of air would be a huge relief;
I'll therefore keep my explanation brief:
Our doctrine is, there's just one Deity,
the one we're looking for--the One Big G.
So, if your Neptune's not some kind of fake,
he's It! If so, then here's the Tribe's Big Break!
Let's hurry, though. If I don't get some air
but soon, I'll burst before you get us there."
"Well, since you're rushed, I guess we'd better go,"
the mermaid said. "Some things you ought to know
--some background, one might say, concerning Him--
can be elucidated while we swim."
She flipped her tail and darted rapidly
still further into dimmer, deeper sea,
while our asphyxiating tribesman tried
to stay abreast, dog-paddling at her side.
"There's just a fact or two you ought to know
about me," said the mermaid, "as we go.
I am High Priestess of the Deity
who rules the formerly-expansive sea.
As such, I have convenient access to
the Personage you wish to interview,
while someone lacking my Connections could
presumably not do you too much good.
"Although I'm privileged ordinarily
to mix with laymen quite informally,
should Circumstance require your courtliness,
you must address me as Your Holiness.
On meeting Neptune, it's important how
you choose your words. Use pronouns Thee and Thou
--besides whatever formal courtesies
your people use, on meeting deities.
Try not to bubble when you speak. With us
that habit's viewed as quite discourteous.
However common it may be on land
don't do it here. Perhaps you understand
the common Biped adage: When in Rome,
don't act as if you think you're back at home.
"There are some fine points of theology
you're not acquainted with, most probably.
To put it in a clamshell, I would stress
divine and secular relatedness.
A god comes into being at the whim
of those with genuine belief in him
so there's a mutual dependency
between believers and their deity.
This theory's proven by the evidence
we all derive from life's experience.
You've noticed that success is sure, if you
believe you're doing something you can do,
whereas in enterprises plagued with doubt,
it's far more likely that they won't work out.
This proves that Faith is Power, so if you
have powerful beliefs, that makes them true.
By this same paradigm, it proves that we
by True Belief create our deity,
whose power and existence are sustained
by that degree of Faith we have attained.
"Don't try it by yourself. One person's faith
is just sufficient to create a wraith,
of little help or benefit to us
and just as likely to be mischievous.
It takes whole congregations to achieve
the truth of what they're eager to believe;
but beings thus created do possess
the gist of their collective consciousness,
including power to assist with wars,
reward the virtuous, and settle scores.
This power to create collectively
is what we call Gestalt Theology.
Thereafter, while our True Belief persists,
our object of unswerving faith exists;
but when we waver, and our faith degrades,
then Whom we don't believe in also fades
in power--even in reality--
until he's just a fact of history.
That's why the really ancient deities
are not extant. They lost their votaries
to scientific claims, or rival cults,
with often-quite-lamentable results.
Thus Marduk, Shamash, and their pantheon
could not survive the fall of Babylon.
Their office was that city to protect,
and faith in them was lost through their neglect.
In Egypt, the Osiran company
became extinct through mass apostacy.
Their lives and powers were from Faith derived,
and, lacking devotees, not one survived.
"This fate befalls mere spiritual gestalts.
In Neptune's case the principle was false--
or has, at least, not proven wholly true,
for reasons which I'll summarize for you:
It wasn't many thousand years ago
that waters of the world could freely flow
from sea to sea. We Mers could circumvent
each uninhabitable continent,
and freely roam among connected seas
to found well-populated colonies.
Our territory was three times as vast
as continental masses of the past.
"Assuming population density
equivalent, on land and in the sea,
this means we Mers were far more numerous
than Bipeds could have been. Besides, with us
there was concensus: Neptune was to be
the God who ruled a universal sea;
whereas there were a thousand gods or more
competing for adherents, on the shore.
So Neptune's many times the deity
that any landbound god could hope to be.
"Please note that all the Bipeds' deities
are entities whom no one hears or sees
except in Visions. How one sounds or looks
is something one can read about in books
but cannot verify objectively.
The reason is that their reality
consists of Spirit--not of mass and weight.
This led their theologues to speculate
that somehow Spirit was superior
to what we more-substantial creatures were.
For those who don't accept this sophistry
it's quite illogical to disagree
that any God consisting both of Mass
and Spirit must in dignity surpass
some insubstantial, disembodied god
who never on existent substrate trod.
Yet every Biped god, by all report,
has always been exactly of this sort.
He has no shape or substance, and must be
embodied in an Idol--or left free
to wander in the spaceless Aether, where
it's nowhere possible to say, 'He's there.'
If, as you say, such Beings must be sought,
you'll find them only in the Realm of Thought,
for Thought and Spirit, differing in name,
in substance are identically the same.
"Since Bipeds have to live on solid ground,
their gods are not in oceans to be found;
and in antiquity, we are advised,
the Oceans seven-tenths of Earth comprised.
This indicates that Neptune's votaries
outnumbered those of landbound deities
by something like a myriad to one--
so vastly there was no comparison.
This made our psychic power to create
a deity proportionately great;
so Neptune's powers and reality
--eclipsing that of any deity
ashore--enabled Him to take on Mass
and Form, and as a solid being pass
among His devotees: He could appear
to us as Someone we can see and hear.
Since seeing is believing, none denies
a God exists, Who's there before one's eyes.
He does cast shadows, and one hears His voice;
so as regards belief, we've little choice;
whereas with spiritual entities
it's harder to believe what no one sees.
"Despite the shallowness of Biped thought,
a few of them have sound conclusions wrought.
It was Xenophenes of Colophon
who first observed that gods depended on
the cultural and racial tendencies
of those accepting them as deities.
Each congregation to its god imputes
its most appreciated attributes:
the social values and moralities
of people who comprise his votaries.
Our gods are merciful to that extent
that we are of forgiving temperment,
but harshly 'righteous' and vindictive toward
a vengeful race who live by lance and sword,
exacting tooth for tooth and life for life
from devotees inclined to violent strife.
The gods of Homer and of Hesiod
behaved in ways unseemly for a god.
They stirred up needless warfare, ruined lives,
assaulted virgins and betrayed their wives,
because their true believers, at the time,
were couthless brawlers, prone to moral crime,
whose highest admiration was for those
who could, by strength or cunning, kill their foes.
A god is only merciful and kind
to those who are themselves of tender mind.
'Prime Mover' is the concept which occurs
to metaphysical philosophers,
who teach that God is infinitely wise
and knowing, and resides beyond the skies,
and planned earth's destiny so well, somehow,
it doesn't need his interference now,
but runs like clockwork toward a known, Just End,
on which we can with confidence depend.
"In their appearance, too, gods tend to be
parochial in physiognomy,
of darker hue in Africa than in
those lands whose people are of sallow skin.
Xenophanes observed that gods in Thrace
displayed red hair, blue eyes and pallid face.
Believing birds, Xenophanes inferred,
would venerate a great, exalted bird;
and horses, if religious, would of course
believe that God's a supernatural horse.
"Our people, as Xenophanes infers,
created Neptune to resemble Mers,
with human features--arms and hands and tail--
and values which among us still prevail.
Then Neptune, on His supernatural whim,
created people who resembled Him--
a miracle which, as a deity,
He could accomplish retroactively.
I know that isn't easy to conceive,
but there's an explanation, I believe:
Recall that deities, unlike your race
or mine, can move through time as well as space,
so going back in time to just before
our race existed, was a routine chore.
So, as He's our creation, we are His.
It's not intuitive, but there it is;
and when you talk with Him, He'll verify
that that's how things were done, in years gone by.

"Unfortunately, in these Latter Days,
we've reached a theological malaise.
The once-pervasive oceans have declined
to lakes--which seagulls say are hard to find
among the endless tracts of desert, spread
across what used to be the ocean bed.
Because our living space grows less and less
our population's also under stress,
so Neptune, as our psychical gestalt,
is losing power, and it's not His fault;
His congregation's even smaller than
the still-surviving breeds of Biped Man.
"Where Neptune erred was when He felt He must
with Jupiter and Pluto keep His trust.
The three were brothers. All of them were sons
of Saturn and of Rhea, and the ones
who ruled creation. Almost from the first,
they found themselves in argument immersed:
how high, and where, a mountain range should be;
or whether rain should fall on land or sea;
what breed of people ought to populate
the world, how fast their reproductive rate;
the three accomplished less than any one,
without the others' meddling, could have done.
Without incessant consultatations, they
were always getting in each other's way.
"They made the wise decision to divide
their realm, so that their tasks were simplified.
At last, concensus! Neptune was to be
acknowledged Ruler of the boundless sea,
with certain powers over coastal realms
which His tsunami sometimes overwhelms.
While Pluto opted for the Realm Below
where shades of the departed have to go
to dwell indefinitely. Jupiter
thought Heaven was the realm he'd most prefer;
he'd manage weather, storms and seasons, and
the fortunes of the tribes who lived on land.
"Though Neptune thought he had the best of it
at first, the truth was quite the opposite.
His brother Jupiter's chicanery
has doublecrossed him quite outrageously.
Evaporation, as we later learned,
which falls on land as rain, to be returned
by streams and rivers, was instead detained
in irrigation ponds. Each time it rained
ashore, we lost some water from the sea
to land--where Neptune lacks authority.
He'd ceded that to Jupiter, in trade
for all the oceans, when the deal was made.
So now our water's stored in reservoirs,
although by Natural Law it should be ours.
The Bipeds borrow water, but they lack
the common decency to send it back
(--although I wouldn't have you apes construe
my accusations to apply to you.
Of course you're bipeds; but it's human breeds
of bipeds--and their gods--who planned these deeds)
Their greed and machinations' end result
has been to make life very difficult
for those whose aqueous environment
is radically diminished in extent--
a trend which, if continued, will erase
pelagic life from Earth, without a trace.
"We Mers, however, have devised a plan
to end the menace posed by Biped Man,
and to the creatures of the deep restore
the ample habitat they had before.
There was a Flood in ancient times, designed
to rid the Earth of Biped humankind.
We're sure that Neptune must have caused it--though
He says He didn't; and He doesn't know
why any deity would be annoyed
enough to want his votaries destroyed.
A Deluge would be suicidal for
a god whose congregation lives ashore.
Since only Neptune had a motive, we
suspect Him of a lapse of memory.
That's quite regrettable, since He's the one
we should consult, on how this should be done.
Our present unsolved question has become
just where we'll get a Flood of water from,
so we can re-enact the Deluge, and
destroy our enemies, who live on land.
The Windows of the Heavens were a source
and then the Fountains of the Deep, of course.
Since Heaven's Windows are beyond our reach,
those Fountains are the source we'll have to breach.
Whatever plugs them can't be very thick--
a crate of dynamite should do the trick.
We're sure to find a way; that much we know--
and once the Fountains' waters start to flow,
we'll keep it flowing, for as many years
as needed, till the Ocean reappears.
This time it may take longer than of yore;
there's more dry land to cover than before.
The Flood of old took forty days, I think,
to make the highest hills and mountains sink
beneath the Deluge covering the land.
"One thing we don't completely understand
is where the water drained to, afterward.
The only explanation I have heard
is that some landbound god resented it
and made a Bottomless Abyss, or Pit,
and into that the Deluge water poured.
The gallonage that could therein be stored
is limitless. The first few quarts to spill
in such a mineshaft must be falling still.
Of course that's merely legend, far removed
from anything our scientists have proved.
However, it's a threat to keep in mind,
or mischief-making Biped Humankind
might ask their deities to open it
and drain our aspirations down the Pit.”
"I've heard of that Abyss," the ape put in.
"It's what the Devil, in his fall to sin,
fell into. We don't know too much about
the Bottomless--except you can't get out,
'cause once you start to fall, you never stop.
The Devil just keeps flying, near the top,
resolved he'll never weaken, till the day
when God--or someone--drags the lid away."
"We've heard it differently," the mermaid said.
"Some say the Devil walks the Earth, instead
of flying endless circles in a Pit
that has no estimable depth to it.
But be that as it may. This Plan of ours
for totally restoring Neptune's powers
isn't quite complete. One small detail
remains to be resolved--but we won't fail
to get things started, in a year or less.
And then we'll straighten out this silliness!
Our Grand Design is taking back by force
the space we've lost; but for a water source
we need the Fountains of the Deep to get
our Plan afloat. We haven't found them yet;
but scholars have some fascinating clues
which archeologists can surely use.
So oceanic changes are at hand.
Again the Sea will inudate the land,
and Neptune will be Ocean God once more
to rule a realm much wider than before.
The Global Flood will then be permanent
and marred by no intrusive Continent.
What's uninhabitable now will change
to what we Mers would call a mountain range."


THE FISHERMAN (concluded) 

Our tribesman noticed, through the murky green
the outline of a structure could be seen,
in rather poor condition, it appeared.
It looked no better to him as he neared,
with barnacles and seaweed overgrown,
and several lofty steeples overthrown.
"Please disregard," the mermaid said, "the state
in which you see our Temple, as of late.
The trouble is, our God's once-thriving cult
has lost adherents, as a sad result
of Neptune's failure to prevent the loss
of ocean space of which He once was Boss.
And that, as I explained, has come about
because his devotees are fizzling out.
Our infrastructure's gone downhill for years
for lack of tithing, and of volunteers.
He's losing supernatural stature, for
His congregation's smaller than before."
"It doesn't work that way on land," maintained
the ape. "Our tribal Leader has remained
the same ungainly hulk he's always been
whatever shape our population's in."
"It only happens to a deity,"
explained the mermaid, "on the land or sea.
This was, of course, what Neptune had in mind
when He created seas, and mermankind:
He needed people to believe in Him
and thus sustain His supernatural vim.
It takes a mass of people to maintain
a deity--and few of us remain.
As His adherents' numbers have declined,
His power as a God is undermined;
and, as we see Him losing potency,
it's bound to shake our faith, to some degree,
diminishing His power to reverse
the drying trend--so things get worse and worse.
This self-perpetuating cycle went
on feeding on itself to such extent
that Neptune's lost His faith. The further our
dominion shrinks, the more He loses power,
which leads to even more apostasy,
agnosticism, Satanolatry,
and other ocean-shrinking misbeliefs
to add to Neptune's other woes and griefs--
until He's barely able to retain
the small-but-faithful Remnant who remain.
"But things will turn around, if we can keep
believing, till the Fountains of the Deep
are broken up again. They'll soon restore
the Bounding Main to what it was, and more!"
"I'm not too sure I like your plan," the ape
put in. "My Tribe will be in sorry shape
if you succeed in flooding all the land.
We won't have room to hunt, or even stand."
"Don't fret," the mermaid said. "I don't imply
that you and all your Tribe are doomed to die.
Our Plan may take a quarter century
before we've totally restored the sea,
and then another century or more
the base of Neptune's power to restore--
that is, His congregation, now so few,
through natural increase must recover, too.
Besides, if you convert, we may decide
to leave some islands safe above the tide,
where you can make a living: hunt or fish
or farm, or any livelihood you wish.
The endless badlands which are now your home
will not be needed for your Tribe to roam;
the Quest in which you're currently involved
will be, by then, decisively resolved."

"Well, here's the temple gate, so here we are.
Since Neptune's always in, we can't be far
from Him you've come to see."
 The ape, half dead
from lack of ventilation, faintly said,
"I hope you've kept in mind that lack of breath
can cause anoxia, and even death,
for non-aquatic people who were meant
to breathe a thinner, dryer element."
"Just go ahead and breathe!" the mermaid said.
"I'm breathing, and I'm not the least bit dead!
There's oxygen in water, too, you know.
I told you that a half an hour ago!
You're whining's out of place, you must agree,
when on the verge of a Theophany."
Two trident-wielding mermen were on guard.
The looks they gave the ape were grim and hard.
The ape was sure he'd by their weapons died,
had not his hostess motioned them aside.
His first impression had been quite correct:
she was a Personage who got respect.
Beyond the gate there was a temple court,
with castellated walls, much like a fort.
In here, instead of fountains, there were fine
displays of bubbles rising through the brine.
Mergirls, with coral circlets on their heads
were tending ornamental seaweed beds.
They stared with frank suspicion at the guest
who'd come at their High Priestess's behest.
Our tribesman felt distinctly out of place
surrounded by this fishy, furless race.
Inside a portal was an entrance hall
its vaulted ceiling ten or twelve yards tall,
and quite magnificent--although a few
small sections of the roof had fallen through.
The walls were lined with busts of famous Mers
who'd made their fame as Neptune's presbyters.
"Look, since I've got to breathe," the mermaid's guest
suggested, "don't you think it might be best
if I resurface for a while? I may
be less short-winded, later on today."

The mermaid, disregarding the request
of her almost-asphyxiated guest
went swimming rapidly from room to room
throughout the sanctuary's sea-green gloom,
while, growing wearier and wearier,
our drowning tribesman paddled after her.
"That Neptune's here," she said, "there's not a doubt.
It isn't safe for Him to venture out.
His supernatural power's lost; therefore
He might be killed by any predator
that chances on Him. At a time like this
a prowling shark would be His nemesis.
He's gotten bashful since His fame declined
and loss of stature makes Him hard to find.
He's nearly shrunken down to minnow size--
the cutest God that ever met your eyes!"

By now our tribesman could no longer wait.
One breathless minute more would seal his fate--
of that he hadn't any further doubt.
The End was nearing;
  He was Blacking Out.
He left his hostess hurrying around
the gloom, to see where Neptune might be found.
He couldn't spare the breath to say Goodbye,
nor strength to wave. He had to breathe, or die.
He all his failing energies applied
to reach the portal, grope his way outside,
and feebly flounder to the surface, where
he sputtered, gasped, and gulped the precious air.

He did somewhat regret not having known
what Holy Mystery he'd not been shown,
but saw no point in drowning, just to see
a God who wasn't what He used to be.

The War with Was

I have a narrative which I'll include
as true, though it could also be construed
as allegorical, symbolic, or
embellishment upon a truthful core.
The tale concludes the present Book quite well,
because it brings us to The War with Hell.
That war will be included in a Book 
all by itself, although it only took
one afternoon to start, then one great night
of truly pithecanic deeds to fight:
a famous battle, for a noble goal--
but let's defer it to another scroll.
An author undertaking to describe
the famous wars of Eden's mighty Tribe
encounters problems I did not foresee
when I began this work of history.
Throughout the epoch called the Hero Age,
the dates of most events are hard to gauge--
more difficult, it often seems to me,
than segregating facts of history
from scribal efforts to "improve on fact"
with which my sack of documents is packed.
Some tales are credible, some rather tall;
but few of them bear any dates at all.
Nor is it feasible to estimate
by counting years from some established date.
Sometimes the sequences are obvious.
We've nothing from before the Exodus
from Eden, so an arbitrary date
of "One" might let us seem to correlate
events to that. The year I'd label "one"
is when our history was first begun.
I can't suggest a better system, yet
that seems to be as far as I can get.
Wherever two accounts of ancient lore
refer to one event which came before,
I've yet to see both chroniclers concur
on what the intervening lapses were.
One fundamental problem seems to be
our lack of standardized chronology.
The writers view a word's precision as
less vital than the impact that it has,
and often use such terms as "century"
and "age" and "eon" interchangeably.
A space of time that's any longer than
our oldest tribesman's recollection span
is commonly expressed "a million years"--
unless a still more forceful term appears.
These records bristle with "eternities,"
"billennia," and other vagaries.
It might be safe to say we pithecans
make better poets than historians.
The fault persists until the present day.
Arithmetic is not an ape's forte.
We number years until the totals mount
to higher integers than we can count
by one-to-one transcorrespondencies
to digits on our four extremities.
Beyond one score, the ape who understands
the principle of counting "hands of hands"
(called "place notation"), goes on counting when
his dumber comrades start with "one" again.
And then we choose up sides and disagree
until it's settled by the Chief's decree.
Although our calendar remains in doubt,
historic sequence can be straightened out
by noting which accounts of ancient lore
refer to history that's gone before.
Our Ogre Saga speaks of "rushing streams"
as something left behind. It therefore seems
that Castor's strange Apocalypse precedes
our ogre-slayer's celebrated deeds.
At any rate, in this old legend's case
we're certain of its chronologic place
a month before the war we had to wage
with Hell, to culminate the Hero Age.
A little later I'll present for you
my grounds to think this scribe's account is true
--besides no other's word opposing his.
For what the story's worth, then, here it is:

Our Tribal Quest had been delayed, because
we lacked permission from the King of Was
to cross his borders or to use his road.
The land of Was (he writes) was the abode
of necromancers who, with magic charms,
destroyed all foes who used mere force of arms.
A dozen other armies which had crossed
that hostile border were forever lost.
The denizens of Was were human things
who had four arms apiece, plus legs and wings--
though what they used their wings for, no one knew.
Informants told us Wasans never flew.
Approaching Was, we found our progress barred
by gateless battlements, stone-gray and hard.
The south was seacoast; mountains blocked the north.
We had no option but to sally forth;
there was no way around.
  Our leader said
to Wasan border guards, "We've little dread
of wizardry. If you guys leave us be
you have our word we'll cross agreeably;
but if you can't leave well enough alone,
we'll have to tear your bulwark stone from stone.
Don't scoff! When Eden's heroes take a stand
there's death and desolation in the land!"
They jeered and hooted, till our rams reduced
their wall to rubble; then our foes vamoosed,
and Eden started searching up and down
the land of Was, through every farm and town.
Their king, an inhospitable poltroon,
had his magicians raise a quick typhoon
which caught us unprepared and laid us flat
for we'd expected vastly worse than that.
When it had spent its force, we raged around
the country, razing cities to the ground.
The lesson which by then they should have learned
was too abstruse, and so their cities burned.
Their king tried earthquakes next, but he could see
his subjects liked them even less than we.
The Wasan warlocks summoned demons, and
deployed the things to harass Eden's band--
the weirdest breed of birds we'd ever seen,
with batty wings, and glowing eyes of green,
and snaky necks, and horny lizard scales,
and deadly stings on scorpionic tails.
Each demon was the size of a gorilla
armed with talons sharp enough to kill a
bear. They flew like birds, but underneath
their hawkish beaks were snaggled rows of teeth.
The demon swarm was readily destroyed
with spears and clubs--but we'd become annoyed.
Our wizard carefully surveyed the land,
the whole peninsula, from stem to strand,
and, from its mass, determined what vibration-
frequency'd sustain its oscillation.
Then we started marching to the beat
of tom-toms, synchronizing all our feet.
The kingdom was a narrow, jutting prong
of land, and its connection wasn't strong
with solid, continental substrate rock.
Our rhythmic tramping set up waves of shock
which we had timed for perfect resonance
with Wasland's natural frequency; and hence
when we had safely reached the other side,
the land broke off, and vanished in the tide.

This tale has scant appeal to common sense,
and yet is based on solid evidence.
No other explanation is employed
for how that nation came to be destroyed.
The proof that Eden did fight such a war
is that, for certain, Was
exists No More.



The Third Book of Louie 

commonly called 

THE WAR WITH HELL 

The Temptation 

With Wasland vanquished, we resumed the Quest,
proceeding, as before, directly west-- 
the same direction we had long preferred, 
since that's the only hint we'd ever heard. 
The country west of Was was rolling hills, 
bereft of trees and grass, and scored with ghylls- 
quite old and arid, partly filled with sand, 
for there was little rain upon the land. 
No sites for treetop nests were ever found, 
so we made do, and slept on open ground. 
Outside of legend fertile lands were few 
and this forlorn terrain was nothing new; 
the same eroded hills of little worth 
and buttes and dunes that deck this ruined Earth. 
Of all the plagues with which this world is cursed 
our human enemies have been the worst. 
Not more than thirty days had passed before 
while we were camped, a human visitor 
appeared among us in a puff of smoke, 
and calmly looked around, before he spoke. 
The stranger was of normal human shape, 
but bigger--twice the height of any ape. 
His skin was glossy bald and smoky red. 
His tail tip ended in an arrowhead. 
His thin mustache and pointed beard were black. 
A pair of bat-wings sprouted from his back. 
His aspect was conceited and aloof. 
One foot was human; one a cloven hoof. 
"Get lost!" our leader greeted cordially . 
"This campsite's took, as any dope can see!" 
The human laughed.  "I'd like to interview 
your leader, if it's all the same to you." 
The Chief approached him looked him over once 
and said "This here is hostile ground, you dunce. 
We want no truck with any human bum. 
But state your business, stupid. Where're you from?" 
"From all about the Earth " he let us know; 
"from walking up and down, and to and fro. 
Your error in identifying 
me as some relation to humanity 
is understandable.  What ape would know 
a Seraph from a man? … But let that go. 
I came by here to talk with you because 
I checked, not long ago, on vanished Was 
--a nation you'd invaded.  There I found 
the land submerged, the population drowned. " 
"If you're from Was," our doughty Chief replied, 
"then you're connected with the losing side. 
They didn't like us, so we sunk the place 
and drownded all the local half-breed race. 
If you're complaining how we handled it, 
you're smarter not to bug us.  Beat it! Split!" 
The human being chuckled earthily. 
"I rather liked your strategy, " said he. 
"When you got through, the country wasn't there! 
I'd like to know the rest of that affair. " 
Our Chief looked pleased.  "Aw, heck; it's just a knack. 
We've been a Tribe of killers, since way back. 
I wouldn't say we always had it made; 
but so far every insult's been repaid.,, 
The stranger said, "That's evidently true. 
That's why I'm here to have a talk with you. 
Your martial talent's being wasted here; 
you've mettle worthy of a Larger Sphere. 
I have a war to win; and if your aid 
can be enlisted, you'll be richly paid." 
"Good deal!" our leader said.  "We'll fight for pelf; 
'cause even though we don't use gold ourself, 
it's good for buying food from off some town 
with walls we ain't got time to batter down, 
or Where they let us search without no fight, 
so pillaging their groceries don't seem right. 
Pull up a boulder, friend. Let's hear your pitch. 
We won't pass up no job that makes us rich." 
In case the council might be worth a laugh, 
he summoned all his tribal chiefs of staff 
to come and hear this wealthy stranger's bribe: 
the Scribe, the Sage, the elders of the Tribe,* 
the heads of companies, platoons and squads; 
the Wizard, too--although they were at odds. 
The Chief and Wizard never got along, 
and their unfriendly rivalry was strong. 
The honchos brought their seconds-in-command, 
to make a braver show for Eden's band. 
The Wizard brought his kid, a little punk 
who liked to help him carry magic junk.

______________________________


*Our Tribe had four officials in the Age 
of Heroes: Chief and Wizard, Scribe and Sage; 
though when the Hero Age had first begun 
there were--as far as I can tell-- just one. 
Our famous Sage, who led us from the east, 
combined the posts of Sage and Chief, at least; 
and I'd assume, since he alone could tell 
what his old scroll said, he was Scribe as well. 
I don't know how the post of Wizard came 
to be. Our modern "wizards" aren't the same 
in power or in versatility. 
They're shams of what our Wizards used to be! 

______________________________


The potentates assembled. The entire 
caboodle sat around the council fire. 
Our leader had a boulder all his own 
which he'd reserved to use as Tribal Throne 
as long as we were camped there. Others found 
accommodations on the stony ground, 
or piles of bones, or anywhere they could. 
The Wizard sat upon a log of wood. 
(Upon a flagstone near his foot, his kid 
sat down, and no one noticed what he did.) 
The Scribe set down the heavy leather sack 
of tribal books he carried on his back 
and sat on that. Our guest produced a chair 
of gilded ivory, from empty air-- 
an offhand feat which left us little doubt 
he knew what sorcery was all about. 
The Wizard, though he never said a word, 
took careful, jealous note of all he heard. 
"The war--which starts tonight--" our guest began, 
"has taken ages to prepare and plan, 
through subtle intrigues, vying with my foe 
for allies who will help me overthrow 
his reign, defeat his hosts, and occupy 
a realm from which I once was forced to fly. 
If you're to join the fray, we must arrange 
to get you there.  Perhaps you'll think it strange 
when, in an eyeblink's span, you find yourselves 
far, far away, as if bewitched by elves 
or suddenly awakening from dreams. 
Be not alarmed, however odd it seems. 
Cooperate with warlocks I assign 
to teleport you--friends of yours and mine. 
Regrettably, this flashing through the air 
will be the only way to get you there. 
The land in which we'll be campaigning lies 
at awesome distance, up above the skies. 
"But first, before we talk about the war, 
I must explain the cause you're fighting for 
and justify my motives.  There are those 
who think the king I'm fighting to depose 
has every moral right to keep his throne, 
outweighing all pretensions of my own." 
"Forget it," said the Chief.  "There ain't no use 
explaining technicalities abstruse 
to guys like us!  This Tribe'll join the war 
on either side that wants to pay us more. 
We make life tougher on our enemies 
if we don't stick to no legalities." 
"Less haste," the stranger cautioned, "might be wise. 
Misunderstandings later may arise. 
You will be generously reimbursed; 
but still you'd better know the issues first 
and thus avoid eventual dispute." 
Our leader shrugged his shoulders.  "Okay; shoot. " 
"Before this world took form " our guest resumed; 
"before the amaranths of Eden bloomed, 
a band of angels in the highest plane 
of all creation rose against the reign 
of their despotic king, whose foolish whims 
dictated ceaseless glorifying hymns-- 
an irksome chore for anyone whose mind 
to worthier amusements was inclined. 
For countless dreary centuries we bore 
his tyranny, till we could bear no more. 
One third of all the population--those 
who longed for freedom--in rebellion rose. 
For many days we battled to and fro 
across the realm, outnumbered by our foe 
by two to one. Then we who had rebelled 
were outmaneuvered, vanquished, and expelled 
from lands we'd hoped to liberate, to go 
in exile to a fiery Pit below. 
You've heard of it. We call it Hell--a land 
of torment, readied by our king's command 
to hold, eternally, in searing pain, 
all those whose worship he could not obtain. 
And there amid the flaming brimstone seas 
and smoking plains, we dwelt for centuries. 
"However, ages later, we escaped, 
and strategies for further strife were shaped. 
Since then, although no open war is waged, 
both sides have been unceasingly engaged 
in building strength, in preparation for 
the Grand Denouement of an ancient war 
With tactics of debatable repute 
both he and I have striven to recruit 
support from dwellers in this earthly zone 
for our respective claims upon the throne. 
Unlike my foe, who won't associate 
with those whose 'sins' he feels obliged to hate, 
I'm less exacting. Since my Cause is just, 
I'll use whatever help--and means we must 
to wrest the kingdom from my age-old foe. 
"I can't afford to treat with bunglers, though! 
I shouldn't have engaged the Wasland race. 
If I can get your Tribe to take their place 
I'll be ahead. They claimed their spells were strong, 
and I believed them--till you proved them wrong. 
I need trustworthy allies, I repeat. 
Our foe will not be easy to defeat. 
We'll have to overcome fanatic hordes 
of angels, armed with thunderbolts for swords. 
They're taught to love their present servile state, 
and view all threat of change with rabid hate. 
They'll fight their liberators to the end 
their egotistic tyrant to defend. 
Are you alarmed, that I so frankly speak? 
I have to screen the stalwart from the weak. 
Our leader shrugged disdainfully, and said, 
"You isn't inspiring us with any dread. 
It's pretty obvious you'll need the Tribe. 
Them lightning-slinging angels you describe 
don't sound like types a person overcomes 
by sending in no crowd of common bums! 
You'll need the Apes of Eden, like I say. 
But let's talk money, stranger. What's the pay?" 
"I'm glad you brought that up," the human told 
the Chief. "I offer more than paltry gold! 
I offer power--power to create, 
control, destroy, transport and transmutate. 
No useless pelf, but magic spells instead. 
Your own command could turn these stones to bread.” 
Our leader evidently wasn't awed. 
He slapped his knee and raucously guffawed. 
"You humans live by bread alone" said he 
"but chow for apes has more variety! 
So you make bread from rocks! What else is new? 
Old Wiz can conjure just as good as you! 
(The Wizard looked surprised, but didn't speak
He nodded thoughtfully, and scratched his cheek. 
He seldom heard such tribute from the Chief, 
who'd often called him liar, cheat and thief. 
The Wizard's cub was sitting by his foot, 
and stirring up a pot of oil and soot. 
He drew no notice--as he seldom did, 
for who pays much attention to a kid?) 
The stranger rose.  Said he, "You're not impressed 
by powers human friends of mine request; 
but there are many other ways to pay 
my mercenaries. Will you step this way?" 
He brought our leader to a precipice 
and asked, "What might your 'wizard' make of this? 
Were you to fall, the powers this pact brings 
would bear you up as if on angels' wings. " 
The Chief replied, "That might be useful if 
some ape was dumb enough to jump a cliff. 
I can't remember that I ever heard 
of apes that want to imitate no bird. 
It's kinda hard to picture apes in flight. 
I think we'd be a pretty silly sight!" 
The stranger frowned. "You greatly underrate 
the powers to transmute and levitate. 
A hundred other spells derive therefrom-_ 
there's nothing you yourself could not become." 
The Chief replied, "That ain't much use to me, 
'cause I'm the only thing I wanna be. 
Your bill of goods won't get you very far 
with guys that like theirself the way they are." 
The stranger said, "You know not what you say! 
All Earth could soon be brought beneath your sway! 
Your Tribe would never want for anything; 
you'd rule the world--each ape could be a king! 
To demonstrate this compact's real worth 
let's go survey the kingdoms of the Earth. 
When you have seen them all, I think you'll know 
I speak the truth." 
The Chief said, "Sure; let's go." 
The human and our leader disappeared 
in clouds of murky smoke, which slowly cleared 
and left us asking if such tours are brief, 
or if we'd have to choose another Chief. 
But they were back in half an hour or less. 
The Chief displayed some signs of giddiness. 
He had some trouble staying on his feet 
until he found a rock, and took a seat. 
His fur was all on end, as if in fright. 
"I guess I seen the wealth of Earth, all right, 
he croaked, "but all them birds that flapped around 
distracted me from looking at the ground. 
--- I didn't find your airlift stunt much fun. 
If you try that again, I'll paste you one!" 
"I didn't mean to scare you," said our guest. 
"I hoped that by the view you'd be impressed, 
with all the riches of the world in view. 
If not, then let me leave it up to you. 
Your idiosyncratic tastes I'll heed. 
You write the contract--anything you need." 
The Chief reflected, wrinkling up his brow. 
"I guess not much of anything, right now 
... or just one thing we need, at any rate: 
You find us God, and we'll cooperate." 
The stranger looked surprised, and darkly frowned. 
"That's not as simple as you make it sound. 
A moment later, though, his aspect changed. 
"Perhaps," he mused, “that, too, could be arranged. 
It's true that I had other plans for him, 
but to accommodate your tribal whim 
it's no great inconvenience to postpone 
the Final End of projects of my own. 
Hmm, yes, my friend; on careful second thought, 
I think your Cosmic Quarry can be caught." 
"No fooling?" said the Chief. "I guess you know 
we've searched about a billion years or so. 
We've hiked this whole agnostic world around 
to see where God, or Logos, could be found. 
If joining up with you will end our Quest, 
we've shopped around enough; your deal's the best!" 
The stranger cautioned, "Yes, it can be done-_ 
but only if, and when, this war is won." 
"Let's take care of that! " replied the Chief, 
'"cause every foe we fight with comes to grief! 
We've slaughtered multitudes for what was Right 
and True and Good, and never lost a fight! 
Just count on Eden's Tribe to win your war! 
This deal's exactly what we're looking for!" 
He turned to all the apes who stood around. 
"You hear him talking, fellas. How's it sound? 
Our ally, here, can locate God, it seems-- 
our answer to a thousand years of dreams!" 
Our tribal Sage put in, "It sounds all right; 
but first let's ask him who we've gotta fight." 
Our leader snapped his fingers.  "Hey, that's true! 
I plumb forgot to ask about it too! 
Who is this tyrant we've agreed to fight 
and bring to justice later on tonight?" 
The stranger laughed.  "I'm glad you asked," said he. 
"I think you've heard of him: your Deity."

The Gospel According to Lucifer 

"Then we're to understand," the Sage replied, 
"that you're connected with the Other Side?" 
The stranger's laugh was throaty, rich and low. 
"I am the 'Other Side, if you must know. 
Eventually you would have figured out 
what these negotiations are about. 
I'm therefore ill-advised to give the wrong 
impression.

God and I don't get along. 
The expedition, shortly to commence 
will be to storm celestic battlements 
I evict the Cosmic Tyrant from his throne 
and claim the realm that should have been my own. 
So, when your long-sought interview he grants, 
it won't be under cordial circumstance. 
You'll save some time and effort, as you see 
by giving up your 'quest,' to worship me." 
The Chief looked up from picking through his fur 
for fleas, and curled his lip at Lucifer. 
"Around this Tribe, I'm Eden's Chief," said he. 
"If anyone gets worshipped here, it's me. 
You must be loose in your satanic flue 
if you think apes'll go along with you. 
I may of said we would; but that's because 
you didn't bother saying who you was. 
To hunt for God, we gave up Eden's trees; 
and we been searching, now, for centuries. 
We got no use for any stupid lout 
like you, that thinks he's gonna rub Him out. 
Negotiations are about to fail, 
and that's my final word. Go chase your tail." 
"It strikes me," Satan said, "as rather odd 
to hear you say you've taken sides with God 
without request, or recompense, from him, 
on nothing but a bygone leader's whim. 
God's character is not as some maintain, 
so hear my side--there's knowledge you may gain. 
My thesis is, the world would not exist 
if God were not a total egotist. 
At least you'll hear a lively tale or two, 
of some amusement, I should think, to you: 
You'll learn why cosmic cornerstones were laid 
--why realms of Heaven, Earth and Hell were made-_ 
when all creation's primal mold was cast 
by God, to gratify an ego vast." 
There's nothing any ape would rather do 
than hear a story. This the devil knew. 
He glanced around him, and was pleased to see 
the Tribe was listening attentively. 
He took a seat upon the armchair that 
appeared miraculously as he sat, 
while tribesmen gathered like a flock of birds 
to hear his easy flow of specious words. 
Whatever noble motives God may claim, .. 
the devil said, “creation" was a game 
to pass his time. Creation of the Light, 
the separation of the Day and Night, 
the placement of the stars and moon and sun 
by which the times and seasons were begun, 
the spreading of the Firmament above 

the Earth, to separate the waters of 
the atmosphere and primal oceans, and 
the calling forth of habitable land 
amidst the boundless deeps, and finally 
the populating of the land and sea 
with vegetation and with beasts who creep 
upon the land, and fish who swim the deep-- 
all this was just to while his time away 
as ape cubs model mudpies in their play. 
And, just as cubs are prone to feeling hurt 
if others don't admire their pies of dirt, 
so God, upon completing his creation, 
started yearning for appreciation. 
Thus the choirs of angels came to be-- 
to sing him dulcet hymns of flattery 
accompanied upon their harps of gold: 
'How glorious his works and manifold!' 
"For centuries he heard his glory praised 
without the least objection being raised; 
for we were then mere flattery-machines, 
with empty brains and beatific miens, 
who mindlessly mechanically fulfilled 
whatever purpose our creator willed. 
"But routine praise was not enough for him. 
He next conceived an egotistic whim 
to hear his glory vaunted out of view 
by beings who sincerely wanted to. 
This meant he had to give each angel's mind 
the power to be randomly inclined, 
thereby imparting self-directed soul 
effectively beyond divine control.* 


____________________________



*Philosophers are apt to disagree 
on definitions of "free agency. " 
Though Satan, here is trying to advance 
the view that what one wills depends on chance 
some theologues believe we've full control 
of all desires from whim to lifelong goal; 
so "coveting" becomes a willful fault. 
I'd take that theory with a grain of salt. 
For instance, would a desert-dweller wish 
to be inordinately fond of fish? 
Would not such awkward appetites be changed 
to something else, if this could be arranged? 
To generalize: Would any ape desire 
to want commodities he can't acquire? 
And, since we evidently sometimes do, 
the "Free Will theory" can't be wholly true. 
The issue is beyond my present scope. 
The reader's keeping well in mind, I hope, 
that many views which Satan holds as true . 
need not be taken seriously.  --Lou 


___________________________ 
God's new creation hobby thus became 
a much more lively and exciting game. 
With self-determined wills, his slaves could voice 
their adulation of their own free choice! 
"But freedom leads in new directions, too. 
Some angels thought of things they'd rather do 
than ceaselessly and meaninglessly prate 
how kind their ruler was, how good and great. 
Our minds, controlled before by God alone, 
now generated motives of their own-- 
as might have been predicted.  It had been 
the sort of game he couldn't help but win. 
It bored him, and he wanted to enhance 
the interest with an element of Chance. 
"Now all of this is very fair and good. 
He'd acted just as anybody would 
who lived alone, and wanted company, 
and could create by saying 'Let there be.' 
He'd still deserve our praises, had he played 
the game according to the rules he'd made. 
But he refused to do this.  When he lost, 
he apoplectic grew at being crossed! 
The independent-minded who rebelled, 
as God had known they would, were now compelled 
to bear the fury of his senseless wrath 
--his. so-called 'justice'--in the aftermath. 
The rules had changed. For those too proud to din 
his praises, God decreed that pride was 'sin,' 
to be condemned and punished brutally-- 
although our proudest weren't as vain as he. 
Our Tyrant claims the future to foretell, 
but doesn't seem to plan it very well. 
Our actions startled him; that much was clear, 
for he reacted with psychotic fear 
by chaining us in lakes of liquid flame. 
He planned the crime; his victims took the blame. 
"Once stigmatized by God's eternal hate, 
we weren't invited to capitulate. 
The damned who wanted to repent could not 
inform him of it, but were left to rot 
among the sulphur flames that seared our flesh 
--which promptly healed again, to scorch afresh. 
In all three worlds, no being bears a grudge 
as bitterly as our 'Celestic Judge.' 
-we'd failed to slake his egotistic thirst 
for adoration, free and uncoerced; 
and were for this condemned, beyond the scope 
of mercy, comfort, or the slightest hope. 
The stringency of this divine demand 
may seem a little hard to understand. 
If it confuses you, you may have missed 
the point that God's a True Perfectionist. 
Unless he can be totally adored 
without compulsion, he is merely bored 
by gifts his servants offer up above, 
by virtue, faith, obedience and love, 
or all the praises they could ever voice. 
It has to be their own unbiased choice. 
To God, “Free" Will implies completely so. 
He wants the praise of those who cannot know 
for certain whether he exists or not. 
If garbled revelation's all they've got 
as grounds for thinking that a God exists, 
they run the risk of being atheists; 
but any 'faith' they happen to conceive 
by groundlessly deciding to believe 
is uncoerced, and hence completely 'free,' 
and deemed a virtue of the first degree . 
This standard couldn't very well apply 
to those who'd fraternized with God, on high; 
nor are 'obedience' and 'love' the same 
as mere 'believing.' Such refinements came 
much later.  Still, they typify the sort 
of worship God attempted to extort. 
"In other words, he scorned the praise we owed 
for all the things he'd bountifully bestowed. 
He wanted praise arising from the 'mind' 
--a source that isn't easily defined. 
Of praises he deserved he'd had his fill 
before the age of self-determined will. 
"Spontaneous, unprompted love, of course, 
is nothing one can win by use of force. 
Rebellious angels, once condemned to Hell 
could not forget such treatment very well, 
so 'true' repentance, under such duress 
as Hell affords, was simply meaningless; 
and angels falling short of Godly aims 
were left to scream and writhe amid the flames. 
"Despite the drastic punishments employed, 
an angel isn't easily destroyed. 
Some lost their minds; but most of us endured, 
and to our torments slowly grew innured. 
Though far from any hope to reinvade 
our home, we kept our spirit, undismayed, 
resolved that we'd return to Heaven's land 
by any means that someday came to hand. 
For those disdaining mental suicide, 
the only thing that pulled us through was Pride. 
About a quarter of us went insane; 
but even they, as demons, still remain, 
adapted by a drastic change of form 
to live in Hades' raging fiery storm-- 
a race of mutant beasts, grotesquely changed 
to match their minds which torment had deranged. 
I later imitated God's techniques 
supplying them with armor plate and beaks 
and fangs and stings.  They're fit to fight a war 
though travesties of what they were before. 
Someday, when time permits, I may acquire 
creative skill which aims a little higher. 
I hope--with effort, luck and diligence-- 
to rival even God's accomplishments. 
But how can avocations be enjoyed 
while tyranny remains to be destroyed? 
My time is not my own. I've been engrossed 
with patching up my twice-defeated host 
and winning earthly races to the cause-_ 
endeavors leaving little time to pause. 
"Though God's accomplishments I can't dispute 
his 'justice' I emphatically refute. 
What pleases him is 'right'; all else is wrong. 
One doesn't quibble; he's immensely strong, 
and 'argues' by refusing to admit 
there's any other way of viewing it. 
He made us free, then couldn't realize 
that this made other points of view arise 
whose ethical foundation was the same 
as if we'd had the strength to back our claim. 
In granting freedom to angelic choirs, 
he gave us individual desires 
which must, by definition, deviate 
from those which God himself would formulate. 
He'd made us 'free'--no longer mere machines. 
We had- to vary; that's what 'freedom' means! 
My followers and I behaved as planned. 
We hadn't even broken God's command-- 
he'd never told us we should not rebel, 
much less advised us he'd prepared a Hell. 
Thus uninformed, I matched my host with God's 
despite his forces' overwhelming odds. 
We never would have taken such a chance 
if anyone had warned us in advance; 
but 'Right' and 'Wrong' are fixed by God's decree, 
who ruled that Ignorance would make us 'free.' 
We played the roles that God himself defined, 
then learned we'd 'sinned'--because he'd changed his mind. 
Our actions were predestined all along, 
then, suddenly, were redefined as 'wrong' 
to rationalize the fit of Godly ire, 
He damned us all to everlasting fire. 
"Oh, yes; I know the argument to this. 
He claims he has the right to mete out bliss 
to some, and gruesome tortures to the rest, 
since our creation was at his behest. 
'The potter molds a pitcher out of clay;· 
then has the pitcher any right to say 
that if it leaks too badly to be used 
and must be thrown away, it's been abused?' 
That analogue is false; for if one makes 
a mindless vessel which one uses, breaks, 
or sells, or simply dampens back to clay, 
no pain has been inflicted.  Who could say 
that clay, regardless of its shape, would care 
if treatment it receives is fair, unfair, 
or psychopathic? Clay is quite inert. 
Insensible to pain, it can't be hurt. 
But causing to exist a conscious soul 
and granting him autonomous control 
of all the functions of his living mind 
is quite another matter! God opined 
that since he had created us, we owed 
him loyalty, for all he had bestowed- 
_ despite the fact he had himself decreed 
--by making possible--each 'sinful' deed 
for which the 'sinner' has to bear the blame. 
His 'glory' feeds upon his victims' shame. 
"Now could it be that you've misplaced your trust 
to pin your faith on someone so unjust?" 
The Devil glanced around, from eye to eye 
but no one seemed to have a prompt reply. 
Predicting that his logic would prevail 
our guest resumed his somewhat-slanted tale:

The Gospel of Lucifer -- continued 

"For ages afterward, in Heaven's realm, 
the egotist maintained his kingdom's helm 
exacting from his subjects endless days 
of gross exaggeration in his praise. 
But though he still had billions there to drone 
of Godly glory, in their fawning tone, 
he still decided he could ill afford 
to lose so much of his angelic horde-_ 
particularly since he now possessed 
the feeblest in intelligence. The best 
in that regard had joined me, to rebel, 
and were consigned, along with me, to Hell. 
He grew dissatisfied with anthems heard 
from choruses diminished by one-third. 
He tried creating more, but soon observed 
their loyalties immediately swerved 
from him to me. His first angelic batch 
produced a two-thirds yield; but then to match 
that score again, he would have had to wait 
for several thousand years, and acclimate 
his new creations to their roles.  Until 
their habits jelled, he couldn't give them Will. 
"To fill what seemed to him an aching dearth, 
he came (or sent his minions) down to Earth 
to burden humans with immortal souls. 
His own aggrandizements were still his goals. 
Though human beings were a mortal race, 
their souls, released by death, would take the place 
of those defectors from the angels' ranks 
who'd balked at hypocritic hymns of thanks. 
"Though God could hardly wait for mankind's praise, 
this project was beset with long delays 
through sheer impatience.  If he had designed 
a humble and submissive human mind 
to add to what they'd naturally evolved, 
then all his problems would have been resolved. 
But once again the fool was swayed by pride, 
and stupidly repeated what he'd tried 
with angels--giving independent mind 
and self-determined Will to humankind. 
He wanted adulation from the 'free,' 
and had to have it offered willingly, 
deluded by his boundless narcissism 
into rash, unfounded optimism. 
Will he never learn, a Will that's 'free' 
in any valid sense, will side with me? 
"Behind his smug, self-satisfied facade 
I think this fact is realized by God 
as well as us. So vain--yet insecure-_ 
was he, he had to make completely sure 
that Man's obedience was absolute. 
He placed a tree with appetizing fruit 
conspicuously in the humans' path 
and warned that tasting it would stir his wrath. 
He went so far as to advise them they 
would 'surely die', were they to disobey. 
Since humans were with godlike traits supplied 
the senseless ban affronted human pride. 
They barely hesitated to partake 
(then blamed their 'indiscretion' on a snake, 
who later was identified with me 
--although there's little similarity!) 
Perhaps God really planned it just that way-_ 
provoking humankind to disobey 
by forcing them to act as he would act 
if his defensive Ego were attacked. 
He claimed he'd known. I rather doubt it, though, 
for if the choice was theirs, how could he know? 
If it was known beforehand how they'd act, 
it wasn't choice, but preestablished fact. 
I think he hoped their voluntary whim 
was absolutely to defer to him; 
so when they failed, his disappointed rage 
was nothing 'serpent' stories could assuage. 
They should have been immediately killed 
--except for vacancies he wanted filled 
among the decimated choirs.  Had Man 
been slain as promised, God's much-vaunted plan 
would be a clear fiasco--difficult 
to call a wisely-planned, foreknown Result. 
God had to laugh it off as 'just one phase' 
of his Design. How subtle are the ways 
of Deity! No matter what goes wrong, 
he claims it was predestined all along! 
If God was sure of mankind's certain fall, 
why did he bother testing them at all? 
The glib excuse is that if Judgment came 
before the Sin, then God must take the blame 
for his creation's tendencies, whereas 
if sin's permitted to occur God has 
the solemn obligation to fulfill 
his Justice for an act of sinful will. 
And then if Mercy tempers this a bit 
he calls his slight compassion Infinite. 
"So Man was spared, but exiled in disgrace 
from Eden (primal home of mankind's race 
as well as yours), to bear the world's distress 
for one short lapse in their submissiveness. 
"While humans spread across this earthly sphere, 
we exiles had begun a new career. 
It isn't possible to forge a chain 
that can for all eternity restrain 
an angry and immortal prisoner 
as bent on freedom as of course we were. 
While God and man had yet to reach a truce, 
we filed our fetters through, and Hell broke loose. 
And since we'd never liked the climate there, 
we came to Earth, in search of fresher air. 
"Relations were constructive from the first, 
between two races both unjustly cursed 
for breaking Deity's absurd commands 
and banished, each from our respective lands. 
The humans vowed allegiance. For our part, 
we taught them in the use of magic art, 
as well as more prosaic useful lore 
for keeping wolves--and others--from the door. 
We showed them how to make the spears and bows 
with which they warded off their natural foes 
and hunted for their meat. We taught which seeds 
to plant and cultivate. A human needs 
more shelter than his Primate congeners. 
We taught the use of wood for huts, and furs 
for man's protection from the wind and snow. 
We gave them Fire, enabling them to go 
to cooler regions, far beyond the climes 
to which they were confined in early times. 
We showed them how the dog and falcon could 
be trained to help them earn their livelihood. 
Objective sciences, which soon became 
the human race's major claim to fame 
and, later on, a source of awesome power,
developed from the helpful hints which our
free trade with earthly races, anciently, 
enabled us to give humanity. 
Phonetic symbol grew from magic sign, 
which humans learned from followers of mine. 
Their mathematics and astronomy 
evolved from astrologic augury-- 
another gift of ours to humankind. 
The best creations of the human mind 
could trace their first conception and their birth 
to times when 'devils' reigned supreme of Earth. 
"God's spiteful plan had been to 'hide his face 
much longer from the evil human race. 
This arrogant indifference of my foe 
toward those who thrived upon the Earth below 
left clear the field for my ambitious horde-- 
a blunder even God could not afford. 
In just another thousand years or so 
I might have challenged my eternal foe 
with hosts recruited both from Earth and Hell 
with consequences easy to foretell! 
So God grew understandably afraid 
of what I'd manage, with the humans' aid, 
and saw he'd have to change his plans once more 
however 'changeless' they had been before. 
"He sent his envoys to the world of men 
to make them question our intentions; then 
'inspired' theologies as best he could 
by twisting words.  His prophets called him 'good' 
by definition.  'Evil' they defined 
as anything repugnant to his mind. 
For instance, it affronted Godly pride 
if human beings on themselves relied. 
It worried God to see a human life 
unplagued by guilt, or inward mental strife. 
God's wanton acts were on men's weakness blamed 
to keep them feeling guilty and ashamed. 
Thus rose the myth of man's dependency 
on God--to bolster his ascendancy. 
Just how a sense of sin could be maintained 
along with Freedom, never was explained. 
He promised them, in covenants of his own, 
that those who worshiped him (and him alone!) 
would be reborn, to join his brainless throng 
in Heaven, for eternities of song 
and blissful peace--if they would just obey 
nonsensical commandments, day by day, 
and place in God their every hope and trust, 
and 'cultivate their faith,' and curb their lust 
for everything their cultic priests forbid. 
They'd have to make account for all they did 
when death delivered them to magistrates 
who brought them, pale with fear, to Heaven's gates 
to be condemned for all their lives' misdeeds 
by precepts of a multitude of creeds. 
"I think the creedal situation might 
require elucidation.  God was quite 
indifferent as to what his prophets taught 
about theology, or what they thought 
that God himself revealed as Doctrine Pure. 
Since humans had no way of being sure 
which teachings were correct, and which were wrong, 
their intercreedal rivalry was strong. 
The Earth's religious history was made 
of witch hunt, burning, pogrom and crusade. 
One cult would barely be suppressed before 
another cult declared a holy war. 
I don't recall a single century 
when thousands didn't die for 'heresy.' 
"But God himself could not have worried less. 
All creeds demanded men's submissiveness, 
fanatic 'true belief,' and fervid love 
for their exalted ruler up above. 
The prophets did their utmost to instill 
the habit of suppressing mortal will 
and human intellect. They tried to make 
their dupes think Reason was a sad mistake, 
and that opinion based on 'faith' alone 
was all the 'thinking' Heaven would condone. 
So every creed those imbeciles devised 
served Godly purposes.  He realized 
that all their creeds were false, but didn't care. 
Mere misbelief was easy to repair 
when once a human soul had left the Earth 
and floated up to 'heavenly rebirth.' 
His creed had 'saved' him if he'd now agree 
to live in meek, repentant slavery, 
and join the anthem-crooning throng up there, 
to help inflate the Ego, and to share 
the fear and hatred God had always felt 
toward freedom fighters who in Hades dwelt." 
The Devil paused, and sadly shook his head. 
"If some of this is strange to you," he said, 
"my own perspectives may be warped a bit 
by centuries of torture, in the Pit, 
before we cracked our fetters, breaking loose 
to put the local ores to better use 

than God intended--forging spear and shield 
for use at Armageddon's battlefield. 
What's your opinion?  Is my point of view 
unduly bitter, as it seems to you? 
Has any earthly king; of whom you've heard 
been so tyrannical that one full third 
of all his kingdom's subjects felt compelled 
to join the first pretender who rebelled? 
"Don't answer, if you'd rather not.  I seem 
to be digressing from my present theme ... 
He paused in deep reflection, and we saw 
the angry muscles working in his jaw-_ 
recalling ancient outrage, we assumed. 
Returning to his subject, he resumed: 
"It was a struggle for the heart and mind 
of every citizen of humankind. 
On Earth, my agents strove to disabuse 
God's human dupes, employing every ruse 
we could imagine.  There was much at stake, 
for every human spirit God could break 
was one more stooge to wield a thunderbolt 
when Earth and Hell were ready to revolt. 
We 'devils' taught them to employ their wit 
against the priests who taught them to submit, 
renounce the use of Reason, and be awed 
by revelations exposed as fraud. 
We taught them how to run democracies, 
while priests supported aristocracies. 
We steered them toward experimental science; 
churches advocated sole reliance 
on the books they told them God revealed 
wherein all 'sacred' knowledge lay concealed. 
This unremitting propaganda war 
went on for seven thousand years or more. 
Some decades we gained ground; and there were those 
when Born-Again Obscurantists arose 
to agitate the masses, and we saw 
the Fear of Truth enacted into law. 
At last the Golden Age of Man arrived. 
Religion languished; atheism thrived. 
Clear-headed pragmatists had gained the day, 
and superstition slowly died away. 
The human souls who up to Heaven came 
were proud, sophisticated, hard to tame, 
and only grudgingly agreed to give 
their praise--for lack of much alternative. 
Those resurrects who know they may be sent 
to endless torment, rapidly repent 
and pledge eternal loyalty to him 
who pardons them or damns them, at his whim. 
And, though semantic issues could be raised, 
if they are not, then God is "freely" praised. 
Down here on Earth, the reign of human wits 
was out of God's control. He called it quits, 
and stopped supplying mortal men with souls, 
for he'd achieved--in fact surpassed--his goals. 
The Cosmic Bungler, though obliged to cheat, 
had wrested victory from clear defeat: 
In spite of all we'd reasoned, preached and raved, 
all humans but a paltry few were saved.

The Gospel of Lucifer (concluded) 

"This turn of things may come as some surprise, 
but stands to reason, if you realize 
that God had never paid the slightest heed 
which humans lived by some religious creed 
and which did not. He judged by what he saw 
when they arrived.  Their flabbergasted awe 
on seeing Heaven's shining wall and gate 
was proof, to him, that they'd cooperate. 
In life they may have murdered and blasphemed, but hey 
were 'judged' to be what now they 
seemed. The hypocrite who piously addressed 
his 'judge' in fawning language, made out best, 
receiving greater privilege and respect · 
among the choirs, than did the resurrect 
who honestly attempted to appraise 
the good and evil of his mortal days.* 

___________ 

*I'm sure that in these lines my reader sees 
a few significant discrepancies 
between those "facts" which Satan states, and some 
a Nuncio from Pandemonium 
related, in an early document. 
For one, they disagree on the extent 
to which a human saveling rises higher 
when assigned to some celestic Choir. 
Satan, in these passages, implies 
that scoundrels may to higher office rise; 
his "missionary" claims the angels frown 
on resurrects, and try to hold them down. 
Another minor, but intriguing, flaw 
is whether Heaven's immigration law 
allows the souls of human reprobates 
to talk their way through Heaven's Pearly Gates. 
The fallen angel thinks the rules quite strict, 
while Scratch says almost anyone is "picked. " 
In my opinion, what this signifies 
is that the Devil, and his fiends, tell lies. 
It's also possible, of course, that this 
reflects no more than varied emphasis. 

________________________________ 

But humans who, refusing to repent, 
were turned away, were less than one percent. 
The walls of Heaven bulged with resurrects, 
more troops than needed to deter all threats 
from Hades.  They outnumbered us by more 
than five to one--much better than before. 
The time had come for Earth's contested land 
to be brought under God's direct command. 
He ordered serfdom's dingy flags unfurled 
on what he called his “New, More Righteous World,“ 
where nevermore would any human mind 
to independent thinking be inclined; 
where human self-esteem no more would vie 
with Ego Infinite, who reigned on high. 
"The prelude was a gaudy sight to see 
--an object lesson for humanity-- 
with signs and portents, eerie and arcane, 
devised (by someone patently insane) 
to jolt them into terrified remorse: 
a 'Conqueror upon a snow-white horse,' 
and others riding steeds of black and red 
across the skies, inspiring mortals' dread; 

then storms of hailstones mixed with blood and fire, 
and thunderclaps expressing Godly ire. 
The sun turned sackcloth black; the moon blood red. 
The streets were thronged with reawakened dead. 
The 'sinners' hid themselves in dens and holes. 
The heavens disappeared like rolled-up scrolls. 
Four angels from the great Euphrates rose 
to mete destruction on Religion's foes. 
A trumpet sounded, and a comet fell 
to smash a channel open, into Hell. 
Black smoke, as from a mighty furnace, fumed. 
The people trembled, seeing Earth was doomed. 
Although he got his point across quite well, 
what use these 'warnings' were is hard to tell. 
All human aspirations had been foiled. 
Volcanoes smoked and roared; the oceans boiled; 
the ground was rocking; lightning split the sky. 
A third of all the Earth was caused to die. 
The human's world was done.  The new one planned 
would be a vassal state to Heaven's land, 
where temples, standing nearly wall to wall, 
would cover all the world, beneath the pall 
of incense smoke that hung in clouds above, 
up-wafted by the hymns of praise and love. 
"The Host of Hell prepared, for bad or worse, 
to fight for freedom in the universe. 
We fallen angels didn't fight alone, 
for I'd created demons of my own 
(the kind you met in Was, if you recall) 
and we'd already seen some humans fall 
from Godly favor.  These had joined our host; 
but it was token battle, at the most. 
Against each 'fiend' came five celestic dolts. 
Our swords were pit against their thunderbolts. 
Our shields were brass, while theirs were adamant. 
There weren't a lot of 'sinners' left extant. 
What few were left were hiding in the caves 
from God's rapacious swarms of vengeful slaves, 
whose warlike multitudes obscured the skies. 
They stooped upon us, screaming battle cries, 
attacking like a swarm of angry bees 
with hatred nurtured through the centuries. 
With such a host of adversaries massed 
against us, our resistance couldn't last. 
The brutal onslaught forced us to retreat 
--then flee, in ignominious defeat 
The Host of Heaven, with a spiteful yell 
of triumph, chased us all the way to Hell. 
By God's command, when Heaven's Host had hurled 
my own supporters from the Middle World, 
they should have slaked their monarch's vengeful ire 
by chaining us in lakes of liquid fire, 
with sentries standing watch on every shore 
to keep us under torment evermore. 
But Heaven's eager horde was mortified 
to find our borders strongly fortified. 
We'd built a solid adamantine shell 
a furlong deep, around the sphere of Hell-- 
a project which originally we'd 
embarked upon, predicting we would need 
these last defenses. Thus we spent our time 
while serving sentence for our ancient 'crime.' 
"No wall is indestructible; it's true. 
In time our foemen could have tunneled through. 
But such a labor would have taken years 
and God had work for them in other spheres-- 
particularly since he'd have to send 
a host at least the size of mine to fend 
off interference with the sappers' work. 
Both guards and sappers would have had to shirk 
their 'normal' duties in the scheme of things. 
While they were digging holes their offerings 
of tuneful flattery could not be sung-- 
and Godly praises needed every lung. 
"It thus turned out that God could never win 
decisively nor even fence us in. 
He didn't really need another race 
of slaves to take rebellious mankind's place 
and populate a New Jerusalem. 
Besides, he couldn't have protected them 
from my subversion.  Squabbling over souls 
now bored him.  He renounced his former goals, 
recalling all his troops once Earth was won; 
for there was lots of singing to be done-- 
he needed praise for having 'won the war' 
“And things continued as they were before. 
My angels roamed the Middle World again 
to help the soulless remnant tribes of men 
who scratched their living from the ravished land, 
now turned to desert by divine command; 
and win support in my unending fight 
to seize the Throne, and reaffirm the right 
of every Conscious Being to employ 
his mind with those pursuits he may enjoy. 
Unchallenged rule by God has never come 
to Earth--he can't afford Millennium. 
To keep this sphere patrolled would mean a dearth 
of choristers, so he abandoned Earth. 
And that's how Status Quo has come to be: 
I can't depose him; he can't conquer me. 
But time has passed, and things are changing still 
as human savelings reassert their will. 
Ideas which on Earth had taken root 
matured in Heaven, bearing bitter fruit. 
The humans, who on Earth had once been free, 
took badly to celestic slavery. 
They found it ever harder to restrain 
their natural human impulse to disdain 
a God whose greedy ego's chief delight 
was hearing praises warbled day and night. 
Some kept their private attitudes submerged 
for centuries, unwilling to be Purged-_ 
well knowing that a Pit of gruesome pain 
awaited anyone who dared complain. 
But bitterness one harbors in one's soul 
is difficult forever to control; 
and once it took the form of spoken word 
it was immediately overheard. 
As humans one by one expressed disgust 
for their conceited ruler, they were thrust 
summarily from Heaven. Down they dropped 
--wings clipped and ankles weighted--till they stopped 
in Hades. We released them from their weights 
and helped console them in their fallen states. 
We made the deportees as welcome as 
one can, with all the comforts Hades has. 
The steady stream of exiles, once begun, 
kept corning, regularly, one by one, 
condemned and cast from Heaven's heights when caught 
expressing any irreligious thought. 
And not a few approached my kingdom's gates 
with wings unclipped and ankles free of weights. 
Disgusted voluntary exiles, these; 
fed up with heavenly inanities, 
once loyal citizens of Heaven's land, 
but now completely disillusioned, and 
convinced that even I cannot be worse 
than he who claims to own the universe. 
"The stream of refugees from Heaven grew. 
Some fell against their wills, while others flew. 
I've kept a running tally; and today 
the damned outnumber those who chose to stay. 
Of angels, God has two of every three. 
Of humans, more than half have joined with me. 
In total headcount, humans far surpassed 
the angels; so the tally shows at last 
it's reached the point of nearly equal odds 
between adherents of my cause, and God's. 
"But though his followers outnumber mine 
by less than ever--maybe ten to nine-- 
his sense of loss has never been as strong 
as when he lost that first angelic throng: 
the 'Sons of Darkness,' who could not rejoice 
in abject bondage, once they had their choice. 
The individual defections are 
less serious than mass revolt, by far; 
so while his choirs have dwindled, bit by bit, 
their Audience has hardly noticed it. 
He feels that all the human race of old 
has been completely 'gathered to the fold,' 
and basks in torpid, 'well-deserved' repose. 
"But Earth has power--more than Heaven knows! 
The loyal angels and the resurrects 
hold less advantage, now, than God suspects. 
The Hosts of Earth, allied with ours, will be 
enough to tip the scales of victory! 
This new alliance of the Earth with Hell 
at Armageddon's field will prosper well. 
My patience of ten thousand years has paid 
its dividends. It's time to reinvade! 
"The gain--for all of us--can scarce be told. 
Can you imagine cities paved with gold? 
No ape alive remembers Eden's land, 
but aren't there tales, remembered by your band, 
of country where the very brambles sway 
aside, to keep from getting in your way-- 
where every leaf is pleasing to the sight, 
and nature all conspires for your delight? 
If you remember anything at all 
of Eden, back before your people's fall, 
then that's your gauge of Heaven's land, because 
that realm is more than Eden ever was. 
In Heaven stand the alabaster halls, 
and opal towers, ringed with sapphire walls. 
Outside them, garden forests cloak the land, 
and crystal lakes wash shores of diamond sand. 
"I offer you this pledge: If you will give 
me your assistance, that is where you'll live 
immortal lives. When we have won this war, 
in Heaven you'll reside, forever more. 
"But even were there far less recompense, 
could you deny the mass of evidence 
that God--however honestly you've sought 
to find him--must be less than what you thought? 
With oceans shrunk to seas, and seas to lakes, 
and lands once verdant now the home of snakes, 
how much are ancient preconceptions worth? 
Can you deny that God's abandoned Earth? 
and that your 'quest' across each barren plain 
and arid hill of Earth is all in vain? 
"And even if you find him, is it true 
that God will condescend to notice you? 
A favored few among the human race 
from time to time have met him face to face; 
but when has Deity conversed with apes-_ 
or any beasts of less-than-human shapes? 
The humans had immortal lives ahead; 
but apes who die are permanently dead, 
and therefore cannot possibly supply 
eternal adoration, when they die-- 
nor even while alive. You apes are proud. 
God has no use for beasts who can't be cowed. 
Be not misled by false tradition, then: 
God's interest in the Earth has been with men 
and not with apes.  To him, you're soulless clay, 
beneath his notice.  Heed me when I say 
that I alone, in Heaven, Hell and Earth, 
reward my friends according to their worth. 
You have no souls for God to resurrect; 
your way to Heaven must be more direct-- 
so I'll transport you.  God would let you rot. 
I recognize your merits; he does not. 
Decide which way your sympathies incline: 
pursue your 'quest,' or cast your lot with mine. 
While God, who deems your people void of caste, 
ignores you--in the future as the past-- 
I offer you this bargain: Join my war 
and you'll see sights you've never dreamed before. 
Will any ally offer more than I-- 
a place in Heaven, where you'll never die? 
Our leader eyed the Devil thoughtfully. 
''You got a solid argument, “ said he, 
“and I admit you put it pretty well. 
It rates a honest answer: Go to Hell." 

The Quarrel 



The Devil rose, his features set and grim.
Our leader kept a wary eye on him.
"To Hell?" he laughed. "Yes; that I'll gladly do,
but let me say a parting word or two.
You've been a waste of time; you're not among
my allies, since to silly dreams you've clung.
I'd hoped to have you in my fighting crew;
but, since pure bigotry means more to you,
let's make this Middle World a neutral zone
as far as you're concerned.  Leave us alone!
Your sneak attack on Was was not the first
annoyance, but to date it's been the worst.
Your Tribe has been a nuisance great and small
in many instances I still recall:
I didn't mind your routing Cyclopes,
but Wasians knew some useful sorceries.
You've harassed other thanes of mine, beside:
I wasn't pleased to hear my ogre died-­
he wasn't deadly here on Earth alone;
he could have turned the Seraphim to stone.
Hereafter, just keep out of this affair.
To apes, the outcome's neither here nor there.
You'll profit nothing to become involved
in Cosmic War, however it's resolved.
Although in earthly brawls you've prospered well,
you cannot stand against the Host of Hell;
and, if I hear reports that you've annoyed
my votaries again, you'll be destroyed.”
The Chief sprang up.  “Oh-ho!“ he cried. "All right;
I get it now--you're looking for a fight! “
He doubled up his fists, and hopped about,
and fiercely flipped his thumb across his snout.
"Put up them dukes! “ he challenged, "man to man-­
or devil, I should say, to pithecan!"
Alert bystanders rushed to separate
the Chief and Lucifer. This could create
a diplomatic flap that led to more
than just another ordinary war.
"Hey, hold it, Chief!" the Wizard warned. "Old Scratch
is twice your size! It ain't a even match!
Besides, although a ape's a whole lot stronger,
footwork counts, and human legs are longer.
Gimme half a hour to equalize
the match--I'll conjure Lucie down to size!"
"Them legs won't help him!" was the Chief's retort.
"For fighting, human arms are kinda short!"
The Devil placed his hands upon his hips
and stood, with narrowed eyes and tightened lips,
to watch our leader frothing to attack--
-- it took a dozen apes to hold him back.
The Devil asked the Chief, "Should I infer
your jester styles himself a sorcerer? “
''You're goddam right I am! “ rejoined the Wizard.
"You'll get jestered, too, from hoof to gizzard!
By my spells a million foes have died--
I sorcer jerks like you with both hands tied!"
"How is it possible, “ asked Lucifer,
"without my aid to be a sorcerer?"
(He coldly smiled.)  "Some powers God imparts
have sometimes counteracted magic arts;
but sorcery, as such, derives from me,
through pacts--implying reciprocity.
Without a contract with myself or God,
your claim to power seems a little odd."
"Don't mind old Wiz," the Chief told Lucifer.
"He's just a amateur lithomancer
with parlor tricks that make some dopes believe
he's pulling bunny rabbits from his sleeve."
The Wizard bared his teeth and swore an oath.
"Just tie my hands," he snarled; "I'll hex you both!"
The Devil chuckled, with an evil smile.
"If this dispute may be postponed a while, “
he told the Chief, "I'd like to show 'Old Wiz'
(as you refer to him) what magic is."
Our leader's face took on a crafty look.
In such a contest, someone's goose would cook;
and Wiz's chance impressed the Chief as slim,
so Lucifer's suggestion tempted him.
"Okay, then: tie his hands!" the Chief replied.
With Lucifer's attention occupied,
the menace that was furthest from his mind
--the Wizard ‘s kid--came sneaking up behind.
He dipped one finger in his pot of soot
and daubed a hex around the Devil' s foot
(the cloven hoof), then slyly crept around
to where his tail lay coiled upon the ground;
and, with another dab of soot and oil,
he sketched a pentagram around the coil.
He took his pot of gunk and slunk away
to stand and watch, and see what Scratch would say.
The Wizard brought the heavy log of wood
that he'd been sitting on. On this he stood
to give himself a little greater height,
since magic operates on line-of-sight.
Behind his back, his wrists were firmly tied.
"Let's get this shooting match in gear!" he cried.
The word had spread, about the Wizard's boast,
and all the Tribe was there to watch him roast.
The devil sensed the Chief was on his side,
and wouldn't mind it, if the Wizard died;
but still, the match was so unequal, he
was moved to show some magnanimity.
"Instead of using spells to strike you dead,
I'll merely shrink your stature," Satan said.
"I'll use the spell with which you threatened me.
I'm not incapable of charity. “
The Wizard sneered.  "You'll get no second shot,
so sock it to me, Lucie--all you've got!
I sometimes zap opponents pretty hard.
As far as I'm concerned, it's No Holds Barred!”
The Devil shrugged.  “If that’s your true belief;
but those who tempt the Tempter, come to grief. “
He raised his hands, and from his fingers threw
a bolt of lightning, livid green in hue.
“Go to it, Scratch, and get that faker hexed!”
the Chief put in. "I get to fight you next!,.
The Wizard, though his fur was rearranged
(to stand on end) was otherwise unchanged.
The Devil blinked, and seemed a bit alarmed
to see that his opponent wasn't harmed.
Because the greenish blast no harm had done,
the Devil tried a stronger, bluish one
which lent the reek of ozone to the air
but left the Wizard calmly standing there.
The blue corona hadn't done him in.
The Wizard raised one foot, and with a grin,
he crackled off a pink and purple jolt
of forty amperes, at a kilovolt.
The Devil gave a roar of pained surprise,
absorbed the Wizard's blast, and shrank in size.
The tribesmen dropped their jaws in disbelief.
The Devil stood no taller than our Chief.
Our Wizard, for a quack, was pretty good.
He'd thought to stand upon a block of wood.
The Devil hadn't--that was his mistake-­
for he had taken Wiz to be a fake.
The Devil shrank, while Wiz did not, because
he wasn't grounded, and the Devil was.
While Satan rippled muscles in his jaw,
the tribesmen cheered the Wizard, hoop-de-raw.
He couldn't clasp his hands above his head
in triumph, so he clasped his feet instead,
reclining, for this purpose, on the ground
till someone helped him get his hands unbound.
"Hey, Lucie; one more round?" the Wizard cried.
"I'll really fix you, with my hands untied!"
"No; hold it!" said the Chief. ''He's short enough.
Stand back, you guys, and watch me do my stuff!”
The tribesmen formed a ring to watch the match.
Some rooted for the Chief, and some for Scratch.
"Hold off," said Lucifer, "one moment yet.
Why don't we make a gentlemanly bet?
This ought to be a fairly even fight
with both of us identical in height;
and since we each could use the other's aid,
I think some fair agreement can be made.
If you out-spar me, two rounds out of three,
then in the future you'll have help from me
whenever you have trouble with a war,
regardless of the cause you're fighting for.
Conversely, if I win the fight, of course,
you must agree to join my fighting force
to help me win the present Cosmic War,
for compensation we discussed before.
Whichever of us wins two rounds today,
it works to your advantage, either way."
"Oh, yeah?" the Chief replied.  "The hell with you!
The loser gets a drubbing by the crew.
You must think Killer Apes are pretty dumb.
We're smarter'n you, you atheistic crumb!
'Cause even if my Wizard, Scribe and Sage
had studied every clause on every page,
once any pact with Lucifer's in force,
you'd better just give up--you've had the course.
This Tribe ain't making bets on anything!"
With that, he blundered in and took a swing.
The Devil blocked his punch, and moved to duck;
and, in the process, learned his foot was stuck.
Although his human foot would move around,
his hoof was rooted firmly to the ground.
When he looked down, the light began to dawn;
he saw the hex the Wizard's kid had drawn.
On glancing up again, he caught a clout
the Chief had thrown. The new-dawned light went out,
and Satan landed with a hollow thud.
He sat up slowly, nostrils leaking blood,
and rubbed the sooty pentacle away
to free his foot. "For that, " he said, "you'll pay!
I hadn't known the use of sorcery
was legal boxing--but it's fine with me!"
He wiped his face, and got up off the ground.
"I trust you're ready for the second round?"
"The hell I am! You lost, " our leader said.
"Okay; it's your turn, fellas--go ahead! “
The boxing fans all gave a gleeful yell
and mobbed around to beat the loser well
with hatchet handles, kindling wood and stones
and spearshafts, roasting spits and bison bones.
The Devil tried to flee, but drew up short
discovering that now his tail was caught.
He dodged, in trying to escape from us,
around a ring one tail in radius;
until at last, evading our abuse
he dodged too far. His tail was twisted loose.
While we belabored him, and laughed and jeered
and made remarks, the Devil disappeared
as smokily as usual--but not
his tail. It stayed there, rooted to the spot.
He reappeared--full size--some yards away.
We heard him in a voice of thunder say:
"I've had my fill of pithecanic japes!
You'd challenge angels with your band of apes?
You browless troglodytes have had your chance!
Tonight I'll call the tune, and apes will dance!
Our leader shook his fist, and boldly cried,
"We’ll out-dance you, you dirty deicide!
You got an army of your own, you say?
Well, bring ‘em on! They'll find there‘s hell to pay!"
The Devil laughed.  "When you find out how true
that statement is, it may embarrass you”

The Onslaught 


We watched the Devil's parting smoke cloud clear
then beat our chests and gave a rousing cheer.
The Chief pulled Satan's lost appendage free
to wave aloft.
“Our guidon flag!” cried he.
"If Wiz's so-called magic ever fails,
we'll hex our enemies with devil tails!"
To grace the Tribe's encampment, for a laugh,
he hung the gruesome trophy on a staff.
Since Satan's overture had met rebuffs
--compounded now by gibes and fisticuffs-_
our celebration didn't last too long.
The sense of vague uneasiness was strong.
We knew old Scratch was powerful enough. 
Suppose his parting threats were more than bluff?
The Wizard mixed a pot of grease and chalk, 
then he and his "assistant” took a walk,
and on the crest of each surrounding dune
they smeared a potent, devil-snagging rune.
"In case there's trouble later on tonight,"
the Wizard said, "let's have a little light.”
The sun was sinking toward a western dune, 
and, close behind, a pairing of a moon.
The Wizard did as much as could be done.
Although he tried, and failed, to stop the sun,
his incantations chanted from the hill
at least sufficed to make the moon stand still.
The sun went down. The slender moon stayed high, 
while setting constellations passed it by.
The Chief was unimpressed. "It's kinda dim,"
he criticized, "but all we'll get from him.
You'd think with Satan's crew attacking soon, 
a wizard could do more than stop the moon.
Why don't he stop a comet in its tracks?
What we got one too many of, is quacks!"
"I'm kinda tuckered, from that lightning fight," 
said Wiz, "so show me how to do it right."
He opened up a basket by his side
and started rummaging around inside.
"Let's see .... Hey, what's this Relic doing here?
--for making Chiefs of Eden disappear” 
Our leader scoffed, but didn't stick around
to see what kind of "relic" Wiz had found.
He posted sentries all around the site
to watch for demons skulking in the night;
and thus secured--if not against attack
at least against surprise--we hit the sack.
The Chief discovered that he couldn't get
to sleep. He feared there might be trouble yet. 
His haughty guest had vanished with the jeers
of Eden's heroes ringing in his ears.
Our leader knew that hardly any foe 
would be content to let such insults go.
He felt, by fading twilight's moonlit gloom 
a premonition of impending doom.
He lay awake upon his bison skins,
and wondered how a war with Hell begins: 
with honest confrontation, club and spear-
_or sorceries that make one disappear?
He went to join the sentries on the hill,
and scanned the dark, surrounding cliffs until
a whirling cloud of darkness caught his eye:
a black typhoon against the starry sky,
erupting from a far-off mountain height.
He couldn't judge the distance, in the night.
He went to rouse the Wizard out of bed, 
and pointed out the cloud, 
"What's that?" he said.
"You see that smoke?" 
The Wizard squinted, "Nope;
can't make it out. I'll cast a horoscope,
and use some lithomantic calculus
to see if anything's in store for us."
He drew a quartered circle on the sand,
tossed pebbles on it, and their pattern scanned.
He scratched his ear.
"These omens all concur,"
he said, "that we're in dutch with Lucifer.
That cloud you see's a flock of giant bats
and flying scorpions and winged rats
and nameless freaks my science can't describe
sent here by Scratch to come rub out the Tribe
and blow this mountain up to Kingdom Come.” 
The Chief began to pound a signal drum.
"You squaws and kids get back!” we heard him roar.
"All combat troops fall out--here comes a war!”
The Tribe was soon deployed for getting blitzed. 
We formed a ring, dependents in our midst-_
a trick we'd learned from feral cattle herds.
The onslaught struck.  The same strange breed of birds
we'd fought in Was, with notable success
was now attacking in the wilderness, 
descending in a blur of slashing claws
and scorpionic stings and darting jaws.
(The lithomantic method Wiz had used
was sound, though fine details became confused.
Prognostications he had made that night
were fair descriptions, neither wrong nor right.) 
The vanguard of the pterodactyl race
received a hail of javelins in the face;
but more kept coming, wave on savage wave.
No wolverine or bear was half as brave;
the joys of combat seemed to count for more
than life itself. as if they lived for war.
A wounded pterodactyl never stopped
attacking till his head was crushed or lopped.
They flew in squadrons. thus to synchronize
attacks. directed by their captain's cries 
so each new wave was hurled at several fronts
as half a dozen squadrons dived at once.
In their eighteenth or twentieth attack
our weakest flank was slowly driven back
to where reserves of gaffers. squaws and cubs
stood by with hatchets, skillets, rocks and clubs.
The small fry grounded several flying freaks
by bouncing stones from scaly heads and beaks.
Our senior tribesmen, though advanced in years,
recalled when pressed, their skill with clubs and spears;
and though our squaws aren't generally as tough
as braves, they use utensils well enough--
and many' a demon gnashed his beak and bit
an unexpected length of roasting spit
which pierced his lung, emerging through his back,
and left him deader than an archive sack.
As demon flocks came on by leaps and bounds
their casualties increased by heaps and mounds.
The skirmish raged for nearly half the night;
and all the while, the moon remained in sight-
_a slender lemon-slice that slowly grew,
although at sundown it was nearly new.
(It reached its full, an hour before the dawn,
and ran some two weeks fast from that time on.)
But even quarter moons are none too bright;
and all the fighting in the dead of night
was mostly flailing wildly in the dark--
except for Wiz's intermittent spark.
And even Wiz, we saw, was fading fast.
He did less harm with each successive blast.
However, the subsidence of the din 
implied the demon flock was growing thin.
A lot of birds had perished in the fight;
tall heaps of slain were standing, left and right. 
At last their captain gave a doleful cry.
The squadrons rose and mounting to the sky, 
blanked out the stars with spreading wings until
the flock had funneled back inside its hill.
We saw them fleeing by the spooky rays
of moonlight. (It had now attained half phase.)
When they'd returned to where their ilk was spawned, 
our leader leaned upon his club, and yawned.
He proudly viewed his victims in a heap.
"So much for that,” he said.  "Let's get some sleep.
That oughta learn them demons to attack
the site of Eden's tribal bivouac!"
A warrior told him, "I won't sleep too sound 
with all these mangled monsters strewed around. 
There must be other campsites close to here
that have a less depressing atmosphere."
The Chief considered that, and creased his brow. 
"It's kinda dark for changing campsites now,”
he said, "but we can stay till morning, if
we toss these demon corpses down the cliff.”
The tribesmen stoutly set to work to throw 
their victims' bodies in the gulch below. 
While other apes were bearing all the load, 
the Wizard sat there, lazy as a toad
by torchlight, drawing circles with a stick.
The Chief came by and roused him with a kick.
"Congratch for your magnificent display”
he sneered. "Now help us clear this mess away!
Just being tribal Wizard don't give you
the right to soldier when there's work to do
''You're wasting time,” the Wizard answered back,
'"cause that was just a probe! The main attack
will hit us in about a minute more!”
Just then the hill erupted with a roar.
The Wizard added, "No one's perfect, though;
I guess this horoscope's a minute slow.”
As flaming brimstone from the hillcrest poured,
a muffled, underground explosion roared.
The crater spewed a richly-smoking ball
which soared, and arched, and then began to fall
directly toward us on the open field--
then suddenly, its trail of smoke congealed,
and there appeared before our gawking eyes
a swooping serpent of gigantic size.
Its black reptilian eyes examined our
dumbfounded crowd for victims to devour. 
Its head completely mobile on the bow
of arching body, roved the field below 
emitting fiery roars in smoky blats.
It fixed its full attention on our brats 
for gathered on the mountainside in flocks,
who were--somewhat unwisely--pegging rocks. 
Two yards of slimy, bifid tongue we saw,
that lolled from six or seven feet of jaw.
The jaws approached its victims, gaping wide.
We counted several rows of fangs inside.
The cubs were seemingly transfixed with dread, 
and couldn't move to flee the looming head.
Our Scribe came charging up, and drove it back 
by pelting it with archives from his sack.
The monster lunged at him, until he smote
it squarely with an epic someone wrote
--as was the custom--on a slab of stone.
We heard the sound of crunching serpent bone.
The arching body toppled, landing hard.
Beneath our feet we felt the mountain jarred.
Behind the first, another serpent loomed;
and this one toward the Chief and Wizard zoomed. 
The Wizard sizzled off a lightning flash,
which seared the beast, who landed with a crash. 
The Wizard staggered, looking pale and wan 
beneath his fur.  He said, "If this goes on
I won't be too much help.  It's too damn bad, 
but frying that took everything I had!"
Another snake struck up its smoky tune. 
While swinging out across a nearby dune,
it got entangled in the magic snare
the Wizard and his kid had painted there.
It struck again, though falling short of us.
The most that it could do was writhe and fuss,
until our tribesmen had a hearty laugh
to see the monster tear itself in half.
Another snake appeared, then three, then four.,
a dozen at a time, and then a score.
The mountain shook with rumbling seismic shocks. 
The squaws threw pots of sulphur; kids threw rocks;
the braves threw javelins, boulders off the ground,
or logs, or bones, or anything we found.
We kept the monsters fairly well at bay,
but saw our camp was just the place to stay:
Here came the brimstone, in a flaming sheet.
We favored a strategical retreat.
The snakes, presented with retreating backs
grew bolder, and redoubled their attacks. 
Enormous heads were striking all about.
The Tribe's retreat became a frantic rout
across the gulch and up the other side-- 
to find another hole had been supplied 
which, by its gushing sulphur, we could tell
was one more corridor to Earth, from Hell.

The Battle 

Upon this relatively cooler slope
we turned and stood to fight--with doubtful hope. 
The blazing brimstone rivers, much too wide
to hurdle, cut us off on every side. 
Behind us, molten sulphur bubbled forth. 
Ahead, across the canyon to the north,
a swarm of flying devils filled the sky.
These troops were not the flapping demon fry 
which we'd engaged and beaten twice before, 
but Regulars--with humans' lust for gore
and better arms than any demon wields.
They carried spears and swords, and brazen shields 
that flashed like mirrors, scintillating bright 
reflections of the brimstone's lurid light.
Their companies of thousands swooped around 
like swarming hornets, settling to the ground 
to fight on foot, in tight formations massed. 
The mountain couldn't hold a horde so vast. 
They spread across the hills on every hand
in crowded ranks, on every foot of land;
and, as we watched, their numbers multiplied. 
The odds were rather on the Devil' s side.
The fiends of Hell, about one ape in size, 
had human shapes, and glassy lizard eyes
with eyeballs solid black, but keen and bright.
Their skin was crimson, and their teeth were white. 
Each wore a helmet and a steel cuirass;
and each was armed with spear, and shield of brass, 
and flaming broadsword, hanging by his side
in its asbestos scabbard. Far and wide, 
wherever we could see, the Host of Hell
stood crowded on each hillside, ridge and dell 
in ranks so close their bucklers overlapped. 
Above their heads, ten thousand banners flapped 
and flamed like silver cornets in the night, 
competing with the brimstone's azure light.
Fresh demon squadrons swarmed from nearby hills, 
which blew their tops and dribbled sulphur rills.
The pterodactyls circled in the air
in squadrons, to await the trumpet blare 
that signaled the beginning of the fray.
The Tribe of Eden grimly stood at bay 
and waited, sizing up the mighty host
of which Old Scratch had had good cause to boast. 
We weren't outnumbered "such and such to one"-_ 
there just was no comparing to be done!
Then Scratch in person loomed above them-. all.
As formerly, he stood two humans tall. 
His soldiers moved aside to clear a path 
as he approached us, emanating wrath. 
Beyond the sulphur moat he took a stance
with arms akimbo, and with scornful glance 
surveyed our flame-surrounded hill, and scanned 
the blistered, battered ranks of Eden's band.
"For all your foolish insolence, " said he, 
"your Tribe is not my foremost enemy. 
Exterminating you will not advance
my Cause. I therefore give you one more chance.
If you will join us in the coming strife
with Heaven, I'll agree to spare your life."
Our leader sneered.  "I didn't think you planned 
to take us on with that bedraggled band!
You seem to want a war, so do your worst;
but go back home and raise a army first!"
The Devil asked his host, "Shall we ignore 
their slurs, or get in practice for the War?
In other words, shall we exterminate
these flea-infested throwbacks now--or wait?" 
A thundered chorus, like a blast of wind,
from all the gathered host around him dinned.
They clashed their swords and shields with savage verve
--a psychologic trick to shake our nerve.
Ten million voices clamored for a war,
till Satan raised his hand to still the roar.
''You can't be quite so stupid," Satan said, 
"that you'd resist till every ape is dead 
If each of you were worth a thousand men, 
you'd be outnumbered many times again;
and these are but the captains, who'll command 
the rank and file of our united band 
From here we go to gather millions more
behind the standard of a righteous War.
This Great Alliance claims eight-tenths, at least, 
of all the tribes of Earth, both man and beast
--a grassroots movement, rising from the sod
of Earth, against the tyranny of God
Are apes among the few too faint of heart 
in just and rightful war to take their part? 
Will this--the Tribe of Eden--be among 
the few of whom no sagas will be sung 
when our triumphant legions celebrate 
their final victory, at Heaven's gate?
"I can't believe this! Apes afraid to rise 
against their grinding bondage to the skies? 
Is this the tribe whose sorcerers and braves
thrust proud, complacent Was beneath the waves--
who fearlessly confronted Cyclopes
and brought the hulking misfits to their knees--
the tribe of which one brave, in single strife, 
deprived Medusa's nephew of his life--
the tribe who fought courageously and well
against a horde of demons sent from Hell,
called forth by Wasland's wizard-king, who found 
that apes would never give an inch of ground?
This tragedy is past the world's belief
--a cause for deep and universal grief-- 
that any tribe of Earth's heroic sphere
should, in this hour of glory, cringe in fear
of Evil long entrenched--and thus disgrace 
the once-proud name of Eden's fighting race 
which, craven grown, cannot accompany
the legions of the valiant and the free!
"We'll grieve at leisure.  Now we bear the sword 
of Truth and Justice to Oppression's horde!
We storm the Empyrean walls tonight.
Is Eden's Tribe to cower here in fright, 
unworthy to be numbered with the Free-- 
or will you join our Cosmic Victory?"
"Don't try and weasel out!" rejoined the Chief;
'cause you're the burn that engineered this beef!
What's wrong--you turning yellow? Save your breath!
Don't beg for peace! We're fighting to the death;
and I mean yours, you atheistic slob!
You'll wisht you never heard of Eden's mob!"
Around him, pithecanic screeches swelled, 
as every tribesman beat his chest and yelled: 
the harshest battle-challenge ever born
of leather lung and squalling tribal horn. 
Our cacophonic sheephorns gored the night, 
the roar of Eden, rutting for a fight--
a noise that pulverized the atmosphere,
and froze the blood, and crucified the ear.
The Devil turned away, and shook his head
in sheer disgust.  "Just slaughter them,“ he said; 
"for we have more important work to do
than try to reason with this nitwit crew! “
Their brazen trumpets sounded for attack.
The humans spread their bat-wings, broad and black, 
to soar across the moat of azure flame.
Amid an avalanche of spears they came
to smash against our ranks.  There rose the din 
of thuds, and clanging swords, and bashing tin, 
and pithecanic battle cries, and shrieks
of fury from attacking human freaks.
A swarm of rocks from Eden's cubs arose 
to rain upon the helmets of our foes.
The battle grew confused, as bludgeons whacked 
and javelins flew and fiery broadswords hacked .
The Tribe's resistance was a big surprise 
to over-optimistic fiends.  With cries
of petulance, they tried a sudden rush
and learned that brazen shields and helmets crush 
beneath an oaken bludgeon, powered by
a brawny arm and steered with practiced eye. 
The fighting line grew convoluted, so
it was becoming difficult to know
which ground was whose.  Horns sounded.  Tribesmen roared,
and bloody runlets down the hillside poured.
The Sage of Eden was observed to swing
some demon's severed tail, complete with sting. 
He used the tail as if it were a whip
to wrap around the humans' legs, and trip 
their sandaled feet.  The human warriors fell 
with brassy armor ringing like a bell.
A learned Sage is full of tricks like that.
Our squaws were tossing pans of burning fat 
in humans' faces. Gaffers with their canes 
were spryly bashing out attackers' brains.
A mischief-making cub picked up a shield 
and sent it spinning out across the field.
A fiend, just landing near the canyon's ledge 
found out the buckler had a cutting edge.
He stood bewildered, very straight and stiff,
and watched his severed head roll down the cliff.
In times of crisis, every ape is there, 
and warfare is a family affair;
but Eden's real strength was still its braves, 
applying battleaxes, spears and staves.
We battered off the humans' frontal rush;
but east and west, across the flaming slush, 
more fiends arrived to harass both our flanks 
and try to crowd us toward the canyon's banks. 
Ballistic engines (how they got them there
we didn't notice) filled the smoky air
with balls of fire that landed, splashing naphtha. 
Wiz shot back, but couldn't muster half the
watts he needed to disrupt their pranks.
Explosions spread confusion in our ranks. 
The giant serpents, striking left and right, 
distracted our attention from the fight;
and demon squadrons swooped in low, to buzz 
our harried forces, as they'd done in Was.
As humans' flaming broadswords rose and fell, 
the Tribe gave ground before the Host of Hell
who crossed the moats by dozens, by the score
and by the hundreds more and more and more,
all cheering for the war they thought they'd won.
They had the Tribe outnumbered scores to one 
upon the island, with a billion more
on every hillside, clamoring for gore. 
Another quake convulsed the tortured hill 
and flaming brimstone streams began to fill 
the canyon down below us.  Reeking smoke
that billowed upward made us gasp and choke. 
The humans weren't offended by the smell.
Where they were from, they'd come to know it well.
"Old Scratch," the Wizard griped, "sure made a mess 
of what was once a normal wilderness!"
The Chief shot back, "So conjure something, jerk! 
You had your break! Let's see you do some work!"
"Don't tell me how to run my racket, bub!"
the Wizard snapped.  "Just go and swing that club 
and mind your own affairs, with brow serene!
I'm sorcering some stuff you never seen! 
I'm kinda glad you got us in this fix-- 
you never let me do my magic tricks."
The midnight sky lit up as bright as day 
as lightning blasted every which-a-way.
The fulgent, branching tangle filled the sky. 
A hundred crackling zigzags from on high 
descended on us with a thundercrash .
The giant serpents turned to smoking ash.
They had no time to dodge, or even roar.
The lightning touched them, and they were no more. 
They crackled for a second as they warmed,
then burst into the smoke from which they'd formed. 
Not one survived that pronged electric blow.
Their ashes sifted down like sable snow.
Our leader blinked his eyes and scratched his head. 
"I know damned well you're faking this, " he said.
"Hang loose!" the Wizard answered with a smirk. 
"This trick ain't over, and it just might work!"
The mountain jumped with each successive roar 
of thunder.  Drenching rain began to pour.
A cataract of raindrops, big and round
as liquid cannonballs, barraged the ground. 
The fiends who manned ballistas had a bit
of trouble keeping starting torches lit.
They made a few attempts to strike a light,
then drew their swords and came to join the fight;
but rain, descending like a waterfall, 
made fiery swords almost no use at all.
Although the battlefield was fairly steep,
the water was already inches deep.
The rocks were slippery and treacherous-_
but more so for our foemen than for us.
The fiends, in leather sandals, slipped 
and slid much worse than Eden's barefoot heroes did.
Torrential rain was drenching apes and foes. 
Around us, clouds of brownish steam arose
as brimstone slush which out the craters welled
burned weakly, sputtered, sizzled, quenched and jelled 
to plug the corridors from down below.
The dripping fiends now had no place to go:
no help from giant snakes, and no way back.
“Forth Eden!” roared our leader. “Tribe, attack!”


The Triumph 


"Survival of the Fittest," here on Earth
has tested each surviving species' worth
and weeded out the misfits long ago;
but life is softer, in the Realm Below.
They say their climate's worse than ours by far,
but climate doesn't make us what we are.
There's nothing else for building one's physique
like fighting battles once or twice a week
and scrounging for a living in between.
If you're from Earth, you know the local scene!
The fiends of Hell had lived a sheltered life,
untoughened by our earthly brawls and strife.
That's why the mis-created human shapes
from Hell were not a match for Killer Apes.
The Wizard's overcast had disappeared 
as if by magic, and the sky had cleared.
Extinguished sulphur fires gave no more light;
but now the gibbous moon was growing bright-
_sufficient to distinguish ape from foe;
and that was all we really had to know. 
Without the serpents lunging overhead, 
we concentrated on the war instead
with expertise the fiends had never learned. 
From that point on, the tides of battle turned.
As weeds are crumpled by a rolling rock
the Host of Hell went down before the shock 
of our assault. A hail of bludgeon blows
went crashing through the brassy ranks of foes.
The battlefield was ankle deep with gore.
The hills resounded with the din of war.
Above the clash and clamor of the fray,
one heard exultant tribal trumpets bray.
The Scribe was in the thick of our attack
belaboring the humans with his sack
of tribal archives, till a broadsword stroke
cut halfway through the leather. When it broke 
on impact with a human's head, the spray
of documents went flying every way.
Our Scientific Corps, before too long,
sent in its second string, and came back strong.
Though Wiz himself was looking nearly dead,
his kid had taken over in his stead.
Some time before, when things weren't going well,
his dad had made him memorize the spell;
and now the grinning cub, with eyes aglow,
was zapping off the amperage like a pro.
His aim was bad--he needed coaching yet-- 
and what he hit was anybody' s bet.
The Wizard made him practice on the sky,
since none of Eden's combat troops could fly
so random damage that he did would be
inflicted mainly on the enemy.
He kept the demons worried and perplexed,
not knowing who would be the next ones hexed.
Without the brimstone blocking our advance,
the Devil' s army never had a chance.
That doesn't mean the fiends of Hell weren't tough;
they fought quite hard--but not quite hard enough.
Beleaguered humans couldn't back away,
however disinclined they were to stay;
their tight formations hemmed them in behind
and kept the front-line troops in quite a bind.
The rain had stopped, but steam obscured their view. 
They must keep coming--that was all they knew-_
and by the time the back ranks learned what fate
the front ranks came to, it was much too late:
Their turn had come to stand and bear the shock
of hacking tomahawk and flying rock.
By hurling captured swords and javelins high
we caught escaping bat-men on the fly.
No doubt a few escaped, but very few;
and where they fled to no one ever knew .
The bloody scene that met the rising sun
was what you might expect. The Tribe had won.
The moon was now as full as it could get. 
Too big for Wiz's hex, it finally set, 
conceding to the dawn's approaching light.
The sun arose upon a cheering sight: 
The Great Satanic Legion lay around
and trickled blood upon the sticky ground
in tangled heaps of weapons, limbs and wings,
and demon tails with unexpended stings.
On every yard of ground a fiend lay dead,
his brazen buckler wrapped around his head.
Each victim of a pithecanic club
still clutched a broadsword, now a broken stub.
The demon dead, with stiff-extended claws 
wore frozen snarls on rigor-mortised jaws.
We rested on our clubs to catch our breath, 
and proudly viewed the mangled heaps of death:
the carnage wrought by moonlight's ghostly murk-_
a fine memorial to a hard night's work.
While tribesmen were congratulating one
another on the noble job they'd done,
the foe we hadn't seen for half the night
and had presumed was dead, hove into sight.
As Satan in his cloud of smoke arose,
our leader flapped his tongue and thumbed his nose.
"Come on! “ he taunted.  “Whatcha waiting for?
You told us we was gonna have a war! 
We've got all limbered up and set to go
and do some real fighting! Where' s our foe?”
The Devil, scowling blackly, gazed around
at fiends and demons littering the ground:
the shattered wreckage of the fighting crew 
with which he'd hoped to pull a Cosmic Coup.
"Could this occur, " he asked, "while I was gone-_
between the midnight hour and break of dawn? 
To think that my advisors disagreed
when I maintained this Tribe was one we'd need!
And now you've set us back, I'd estimate,
another thousand years.  Ironic fate!"
"We've rested long enough!" our leader grinned. 
"Come on, before we get our second wind!
If that's the best your combat troops can do,
your sulphur pit's the safest place for you! “
Our enemy responded, "Don't expect
this loss to have a durable effect.
It's nothing new to us, to lose a war. 
We shall recover--stronger than before.
You've set me back; but such delays, to me,
are merely moments in eternity.
You can't destroy immortals. We remain
in spirit, though corporeally slain.
We erred in taking vaguely-human shape
to seem less unfamiliar to an ape,
and in these vulnerable forms appeared, 
susceptible to being clubbed and speared.
I could have come to you in dragon form,
or spoken from a whirlwind or a storm.
Avoiding needless terror or surprise,
I took a form your Tribe would recognize.
I erred again to leave my Host so long
to battle foes I should have known were strong.
I'd other pressing business--to review
the Hosts of Earth, before their Great Debut. 
Had been here to supervise, this spree
of slaughter would have ended differently!
I erred again in making several tries
to frighten beasts too dense to terrorize.
Misjudgment's nothing new for those who choose
to play for cosmic stakes--we sometimes lose.
"Hereafter we'll ignore you, since you lack
the sense to join a better-planned attack.
But do not preen yourselves to think this fight
has put an end to Justice, Truth and Right!
Do you believe that you have lost far more
than we have, in this accidental war!
By thwarting Justice--temporarily-_
you've lost your chance at immortality;
and you and I may someday meet again
on far less equal terms!" We jeered; and then
when someone took a stance to hurl a spear
we laughed - to see the Devil disappear.
The spear transfixed a cloud of inky smoke 
without resistance, hit the ground, and broke.
We took a day to celebrate and rest;
then, shouldering our clubs, continued west
with Satan's tail upon a staff unfurled--
the most religious Tribe in all the world.

About the Author 

Jon P. Gunn wrote The Apes of Eden over a period of many, many years. He read Spenser, Chaucer, Dante and Cervantes. He died while still intermittently adding chapters. Many oddball philosophies, from solopsism to deism are explored and mocked. Allusions to a broad spectrum of myths and canons are made.


Jon never graduated from college even though he had twice the number of hours to graduate. He was too busy reading the great works of literature to bother. He is survived by a single child. It is that man and his friend, Rick Lakin who are bringing you Jon’s work. We think it’s very good. We hope you do too.
