Letters from Novosibirsk
by Mark Saba
Published by Mark Saba
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Mark Saba

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents
Preface
First Chapter
About Mark Saba
Other Books by Mark Saba
Excerpt from The Shoemaker
Connect with Mark Saba

In the ancient town of Vydrino, in New Siberia, an imaginatively alluring thing had happened: all of its residents were either dead, or had left. After the August Revolution life had become even more unbearable for the local population, and anyone who had survived the course set by the October Revolution found himself even less fortunate immediately following the August one: delivery trains and trucks disappeared, winters seemed to grow more severe, and party functionaries lost their paychecks. Even Vydrino’s old widows, who had survived everything imaginable, threw in the towel and headed with their sons and daughters for bigger places, places where larger numbers could commiserate and collaborate in building a new social order.
Those who simply would not budge grew restful and thin, nearly ascetic in appearance, though full of the town’s memories, memories that had spanned revolutions and brainwashings, memories with roots deeper than life itself.
But they too finally expired, and in time the staggered lines of empty dachas, the unpaved alleys, the church’s unfettered interior, and every other place of historical congregation grew thick with the charred remains of Vydrino’s departed souls. There was Nura Kalaushin bending over a well to fetch water, Alexei Semianov lighting an Armenian cigarette while surveying his cucumber patch, Zofiya Kundrat giving birth to her fifth son, and Sergei Brochin leading a band of angry young men to the home of the Kazakh army officer who stole his wife.
These souls would pop up at random all over town, gray and white and black smudges in the air; sometimes offering a recognizable countenance, even showing up in their period costumes, though never lingering long enough to enter into conversation with any of the town’s newest inhabitants.

They would not converse, but they did stare. Sometimes the new folks didn’t even know they were being surveyed. Most of them had no interest in ghosts, anyway.
The new inhabitants of Vydrino (renamed Novosibirsk-38, but known simply as “Novosibirsk”) were, in fact, completely self-absorbed. They had colonized Novosibirsk as a means of escaping what they considered to be the dull, the unaware, the unenlightened and brain-deadened societies from which they came. Each of the colonists had brought along a perfect sense of purpose and conviction, along with an eagerness to throw off the yoke of a pervasive, questionable, post-industrial euphoria which had resulted from a more perfect materialism.
From Novosibirsk the colonists, who had come from places as diverse as Texas and Frederikshavn, kept a timely record of their beliefs and accords as a mini-society. They lived and worked largely in self-appointed confinement, without any unecessary distractions, comingling more often in their thoughts as they were laid down in their holy publication: each could draw and benefit therein from the enlightenment of the others. Theirs could not be called a perfect society, they were willing to admit, though they did wish it to be known simply as the most forward-looking one.
Their monthly journal, Letters from Novosibirsk, was published and distributed world-wide, electronically and otherwise, by others outside Novosibirsk—the more sin-stained adherents of their self-proclaimed order—in hopes that one day the writers would be able to leave Novosibirsk and travel freely to any town on Earth, and there find the self-evident ideals they cherished alive among its inhabitants.
In the meantime, however, they remained holed-up in Novosibirsk, which had been declared an Economic World Free Zone by the United Nations, a place where anyone could settle and do as they pleased (though most preferred to avoid it completely). There they practiced their near-perfect lives, solitary crusaders writing their historical papers which would surely finally change humankind for the better, while continuing to neglect the existence of the spirits of Vydrino, who were biding their eternity among them.

1. THE STATISTICIAN
Good news about Lake Baykal from Wynnet Lee, in this my third report of the year, 2081.
Another 2.5% of the lake has been proclaimed pollution-free. This means that a new total of 68.7% of the lake’s water holds less than 30 ppm of man-made pollutants when passing through a Ryzhkov aquameter at gravitational force. And, what’s more, another 16 trees (of age 39+) have been saved from termites infesting its south south-western shore.
But this is hardly encouraging, since more than 58% of the world’s population still owns at least three pieces of furniture made from natural wood. However, the incidence of termites, especially Chinese termites, has been in decline.
In other matters, General Ford has announced in Tahiti that its new coconut-driven GV (the “Palmetto”) will be ready for marketing next spring, provided enough American writers are on hand to assist in the local harvest. The milk disperses without a trace of exhaust excluding of course the Piña Colada aroma that has already lifted the spirits of engineers working on the project.
About one-third of the population of Tahiti has left in recent years because of the 80% drop in their tourist industry. People would much rather lounge on the shores of the Neva or Thames now that the palm has been successfully transplanted to northern Europe as a result of the continuing warming trend.
Tahitians have been known to be aggressive in tight cities, and it is my recommendation to the World Population Density Council that no more than six be allowed to congregate in any city of more than four million. Their dwellings should be placed between seven and ten kilometers apart, and the number of Pacific palms in their backyards should be limited to two (one female, one male) because they have been known to violate international noise laws during certain swinging rituals involving the trees.
In a related matter, the town of Chester, Connecticut, now home to more than 750,000 Palestinians, has declared itself a shutter-free zone. They say that the region’s historical black-and-white colonial homes are an insult to their religious heritage, an obvious reference to the black-and-white pattern of their head wraps. The Cambodian population of Dream Lake, Minnesota is watching the case closely, since the new Dream Lake shopping complex, already flying in shoppers from half the hemisphere, bears an 80% resemblance to Angkor Vat. (In unrelated but 75% significant developments, Kenya has been chosen as the site for the coordination of next year’s Root Conference and Survey, and 31% of all Gypsies living along the Danube now speak nothing but American. Seven out of eight mountains are nice to look at, most of them are in Tibet, and reading has been proven by the World Confederation of Medical Practitioners to be unrelated to intelligence.)

Nura never quite belonged in Vydrino, even if she had been born and raised there. She’d spent the best years of young adulthood in Moscow, and the effects of it had never left her, though she’d already been dead seventy-nine Earth years. But Vydrino filled her substance more than Moscow did, for it was Vydrino’s light that she had seen before any other, and Vydrino’s light that had been her last.
For Nura, time passed as swiftly as a twirling leaf, and she enjoyed her new house guests more with each passing year. Years themselves of course meant nothing to Nura now, unless they were observed in conjunction with her latest inhabitants, presently one rather thin, woolly-headed, needle-nosed American named Wynnet.
Nura’s favorite pastime was blowing some of Wynnet’s scribbled ledger sheets into the waste basket, or jamming the news from Irkhutsk, or better still, clouding the bathroom mirror just as Wynnet tried for an even part in his hair.
They did have a brief encounter once, though Wynnet would never have admitted to it. It happened on a Sunday afternoon, when Wynnet, against his better judgment, sat down in his twice-reupholstered brown chair and almost fell asleep. This was something he did not normally do. But the day had been warm and damp, and the morning’s review of statistics had taken too heavy a toll on his eyes. He looked into the fireplace and saw last year’s coals, dark and dusty, too tired to wonder how they had come back to his summer hearth.
The coals became darker still; the andirons and stone receded like an eclipsed sun, and their heavy silhouette locked into Wynnet’s occluded pupils like a great black key, unlocking a series of shadowy visions he never knew he had: black birds hovering about the room, ex-girlfriends perfuming the stale, late-summer air, his mother telling him bedtime stories, tree branches and dark hills from his past teasing his selective memory. And there before the forgotten fire, taking her turn, was Nura.
At first he thought it must be someone he’d met at a grocery store in Grand Rapids. Such visions of faces he had happened to find interesting sometimes did recur, but his attitude toward them was one of total distrust and condescension. A vision of some inconsequential acquaintance from his past could not be allowed to mean anything.
Well, Nura was not from his past, though she was from his home’s past, a fact that even Wynnet had little trouble discerning, judging from the clothes she wore. And by now he could not bring himself to disregard her; the great black key that had opened his eyes was not as readily available to close them. 
He had not altered his position in the tattered, comfortable chair one inch. His legs extended firmly, set apart, before his slumped torso; one open hand supported his head as an elbow dug into one soft brown arm of the chair. He tried to speak, but a gust of wind put the words back into his mouth, though nothing else in the room had been touched by it. It was a cold wind, not simply fresh, but directly from the opposite season’s iciest midnight. But this too he wrote off as an extraordinary chimney draft, perfectly natural, and unremarkable.
And then, he thought: Who am I talking to? There was no longer anything in the air, though he wasn’t quite sure now that there had ever been anything. What could he do but get up and go to the kitchen for his favorite Sunday afternoon treat: a glass of hazelmond-chocolate milk.
2. THE NUN OF NOVOSIBIRSK
Elsa’s arrival at Novosibirsk had turned more than one head: who among the town’s more seasoned inhabitants could have missed her soft, arching eyebrows, settled blond hair, or even the careful way she carried herself? Her arrival had spoken of things beyond Novosibirsk, of ways that been discarded by its hermits. There was even something of the child in her, so natural and unassuming she seemed. To everyone’s surprise, though, she quickly adopted the guarded life of their town. She had been there five years without thinking once about returning to her native Denmark; her days there had become as benign as anyone else’s.

That morning she was sitting before her triptych mirror applying eye shadow. She did not wear make-up every day, but when she did, she wore it meticulously.
She was known for doing things meticulously.
There was the time she gave a proper tea for the residents of Tarragon Lane (which gave access to her dacha) and spread the most magnificent table anyone had ever seen: embroidered linens, English china, teas from Thailand and Georgia, home preserves, and Elsa’s own twelve-grain bread. The whole room seemed to exist only for this four o’clock tea, its decor and arrangement of furniture bowing to the celebrated table. The guests arrived exactly on time; the day was bright, and her cat had found a cozy corner to hide in for the duration of the event.
After the obligatory mingling, her guests seated themselves, and Elsa beamingly pronounced the tea’s commencement. Bread was passed, jams spread, and napkins arranged on laps. But an alarming silence soon spread over the group, for someone had gone for one of the delicately painted teapots, and found it to be empty!
Elsa had forgot to boil the water.
This was the story of Elsa’s life—the bitterness of detail always upsetting her otherwise pure and far-reaching plan. Even that morning, while applying the highlight color of her eye shadow, a metallic jar of moisturizer sitting at one corner of her mirror caught the reflection of her nose, or elbow, or something, and invaded her ability to concentrate. After a couple of false starts, with her brush smearing the make-up over her temple, she was ready to throw the damn jar out.
But instead she took the jar and threw it into an open drawer, took a deep breath, and began again with the eye shadow. This time she applied a perfect stroke above the left eye, but when she started in on the right one another disturbing thing happened: she noticed that her face had multiplied a thousand times in the bevelled edges of the mirror.
One of the faces, however, was not hers. It was the face of a child.

Elsa was the oldest of four, all girls. She was actually quite the oldest, because there were ten years between her and the next sister. So you might say that she had understood motherhood long before being a mother: there was always a younger sister to watch, or clean up after, or hold, or take to the park. Always. Elsa’s father would have nothing to do with such things, and Elsa’s mother did what she could when she wasn’t at work.
Such was the effect of the twenty-first century resurgence of interest in having “big” families.
Elsa had no intention of having a big family; she had no intention of having any family. But, as often happened with her firm intentions, this one lost its power in the face of more spontaneous feelings and events. The spontaneous feeling and event in this case was a man named Helgje, who was actually not Danish, but Norwegian.
Their first child was born out of wedlock, which was no uncommon thing, though its death was. Elsa had therefore been surprised by detail again, though this detail would remain walled-off in her heart so that it sometimes pounded in pain, reminding her of that distant surprise, and making her nearly tremble with the thought of her son trembling into death only a few minutes after he had been born.
But such was the feeling between Elsa and Helgje that another child was soon on its way, and Elsa paid particularly close attention to this pregnancy, imagining once that its limbs stopped growing, or that its blood drained out, or its mouth grew shut. Too many horrible things began to surface in her imagination, too many cues that something was about to go wrong. So she stopped the pregnancy. She did it without telling Helgje.
This was of no consequence to Helgje, because he had lost interest in the whole thing (Elsa, her pregnancies) anyway. At this point Elsa vowed never to have another child; they were part of the intractable betrayal of men.
In fact, Elsa had felt betrayed by not only Helgje, not only men, but by all of Danish society. No one, not even her mother, had much to say about either child’s death. And she began to wonder whether society meant anything at all in the twenty-first century. It seemed that everyone had become so self-sufficient, both materially and socially; there was little time or inclination left to empathize with another because of misfortunes, especially misfortunes of the worst kind.
Elsa felt that she too had become estranged from humanity; her role as a research scientist had blossomed irrevocably in its narrow direction, following twelve years of graduate education and fellowships. She never doubted the importance of what she did, only why she was doing it—for whom?
Shortly after her thiry-eight birthday an odd journal showed up in the lab among the more familiar others: a copy of Letter from Novosibirsk. Without thinking, even feeling as if she were being directed, she picked it up and turned the cover. On the first printed page she found a short manifesto, an explanation of the reasons for the journal’s existence:

We few have come to realize that our world, because of the uncontrollable speed of evolution brought on by mass communication and pan-globe economic development in the last two centuries, has fallen deeply into an incontrovertible chaos. The human race has become more and more educated, but the kind of education pursued has resulted in more and more restriction of its ability to retain an awareness of one another. The very concept of “society” has disintegrated; we are all left hyper-specialists without regard for anything but our own narrow pursuits. Therefore we have come to found this colony in New Siberia, a place of extreme natural cycles that retains somewhat of the purity of the earlier ages, in order to reflect on our time and our world. We are non-denominational, though our lives will be similar to the lives of monks and nuns of those earlier ages, and we offer our thoughts purely in this journal, that readers everywhere may reconsider their positions and one day consider building a new social order. We say this though our own social order is restricted: we are merely a microcosm of our contemporary world. We care not for noise or interruptions of any kind, including the interruptions that procreation can bring, or the interruption of long conversation. We are here simply to think, write, and share, without reward.
Founding Independents of the Colony of Novosibirsk-38, A.D. 2072

Elsa could hardly believe that she had not written the letter herself. Within two weeks she had packed a very few belongings and left Frederikshavn for New Siberia, feeling exactly what she had been wanting to feel her whole life long: a purpose, a direction, a reason for thinking and being.
She therefore became one of the most reclusive inhabitants of Novosibirsk: a place with no schools, no puppet shows, no parades or carnivals; a place with no chance that she might ever see another child. She spent her days writing letters more often to her mother than anyone, though she did contribute to the town’s journal more than once.

But a child’s face looked calmly at her now from the bevelled edge of the right mirror. It had almond-shaped brown eyes, delicate ash-brown eyebrows, and a thin, sickly mouth. Elsa, used to these impetuous appearances by now, resolutely turned her eyes directly on it, but the child had gone.
The mirror warmed over as the sun reached higher into the mid-morning sky; and Elsa sat half-dressed, half-conscious, and half-made-up, before her bevelled-edge, triptych reflection. When she remembered where she was she no longer saw herself clearly, for the mirrors had clouded up. But slowly, unevenly, they regained their clarity: smudges remained in long, broken chains like mountain ranges, and tall letters faded in and out among them, spelling T-I-B-E-T, before disappearing completely. All day long, then, Elsa saw that child’s face, as well as a fading map of that unfamiliar country—a country that had never, until now, given her a second thought.
3. THE MONARCHIST
It has been brought to my attention by many of you that I have never described the process of my enlightenment, in order that those of you who wish to join a new generation of monarchists may recognize the impulse that lies in you and bring it to fruition.
You will undoubtedly come from diverse backgrounds, and your own stories will likewise differ from mine. But the conclusions we reach will not differ: that democracy has failed us, and that we must no longer support a failed system.
I have come to Novosibirsk in order to collect my thoughts most clearly, unfettered by our gnawing institutions (which take steady, even bites from our consciousness), and to record them most humbly, here, for you.
My grandparents were victims of the Great Cataclysm of the early twenty-first century, uprooted from their homes in Ruthenia and seeking, like everyone else, a solution to their problems in the Coastal States of America, repeating a pattern that had already been set a century earlier. They settled in its capital of New York. But the Coastal States, newly independent and drained of her resources, had little left to offer them but slick advertising and credit cards.
They accepted the offer. She cleaned houses and he painted them. Together they managed to keep an apartment and have two children. My father, their first, became an attorney, passing the bar shortly after my grandfather’s death. His sister, my aunt, never married and remained childless.
I, being the eldest, was then expected to carry the family up to the third tier: a profession either in politics, academia, or the arts.
And I did start out as a history major. I studied every government that ever existed. I studied the ways people lived under those governments. And as I studied, I became too smart. I wasn’t expected to do that: it was not in my family’s American lesson plan. But it did happen. I started to question the society I had been reared in; I started to question the course that pure democracy had come to take—the course that I was supposed to take.
Over a hundred years ago a phenomenon called pop culture was widely celebrated. The remnants of that culture have instilled a sense of cultural inertia in nearly everyone today. Those who resist it, in hopes of maintaining a more engaging thing called art, are certain outcasts. For most of the population of my former country (and much of the world) can no longer be engaged. Democracy has numbed the common soul.
I believe it is possible to overcome cultural inertia. To do it you must have mentors, or keepers of the most refined cultural heritage. These mentors will instill a sense of awe in those who, for all their toil, have little or no time to uphold refinement in the arts of living and in the creative arts. A steady, enriched form of government must be able to back these mentors, so that the inertia of the population does not rise and overcome them…
(Todd’s pen dropped. There had been a mental interruption, an internal scratching of his head.)

Alexei had been living with Todd for a little less than two years. Alexei’s idea of a Sunday afternoon was to hang under the eaves watching the light change, while Nura’s (after another edifying encounter with Wynnet) was to drop into Alexei’s living room and help herself to the newspaper, or artifacts.
What artifacts?
Just these: an exact replica of Catherine the Great’s crown, her ruling scepter, an array of Louis IV wigs, Kaiser Wilhelm’s pipe, Chief Sitting Bull’s best ceremonial deerskin, a Hapsburg dinner plate, a plaster model of Hadrian’s lover. While Alexei tolerated these sorts of things, Nura couldn’t wait for more. But she never bothered with the house’s current living inhabitant, because she believed it was really Alexei’s prerogative to establish communication with him. Anyway, she found the man dull.
The man was Todd Darnet (neé Oberling), an American who had spent the early part of his childhood in Germany, where he took many long walks with his sister, Greta, through the castles of Saxony. Those castles stayed forever in his mind, coming up during his commute to work, during lunch with his mother, while watching Illinois cast its votes in the presidential electorate, or cuddling his baby cat as she slept. 
Todd felt he knew just why these castles had been built; that is, he felt he knew the need for them, a need that, he maintained, never left.
Todd often sipped a raspberry brandy (after the fashion of the czars) while writing his contribution to Letters from Novosibirsk. His first letter read like this:

To the unfortunate, the robbed, the inequitably deceived of all democracies:
Be it known that there is one among you who breathes new hope into our stagnant, polluted, stinking planet. What I am offering you is already known to you, but it must be rereleased. Then I am certain that our planet will flourish again, being in harmony with its most gifted offspring, whose lust for intervention in her natural ways has allowed them to sink in a sweetless mire.
I am speaking her of our penchant for “correctness,” and of our obsession with our own intellects. I am speaking as one of many here at Novosibirsk who have come bearing more degrees than a thermometer; hyper-educated, hyper-opinionated, ever hyper decision-oriented! I am speaking of the birth and death of democracy. For democracy was borne not of this Earth, but of human intellects, and we can not…be so kind as to take your foot off the floor—it’s the spot where my daughter took her first steps…
(Todd stopped writing, blinked, and finally scratched out the last line.)
We can not let our intellect surround and subdue the deepest historical parts of us. We must let ourselves breath free in the unencumbered air of our ancestors! We must bring back the slippers I wore, the catalyst for her first move. For some reason she always went after them, even when they were on my feet!
(Todd became angry, but gathered his wits and continued–)
We must bring back the monarchy!
Oh no, excuse me sir, but that would be a great mistake. It’s true that complacency doesn’t bother me that much, but, now do you know what that would mean?
Just think of your own uninspired neighborhood. What wouldn’t you do to see a little castle overlooking your home?
(He now began fidgeting in his seat, shaking his pen and tapping it once or twice on the pad.)
It would be fine to see a castle overlooking my home, just not overlooking what goes on inside it, the sense of security and dignity there. Think of it as a fortress there to allay your fears.
And then there’s the vulgar and false privilege of voting. Who votes nowadays anyway? There are enough of us around to tell the voters how to vote. Our voice is heard, but no one heeds it. I can still hear the hooves of the czar’s horses coming to Vydrino so his men could post another decree. How tiresome it was for us to be pulling them off; how then can anyone believe that a vote is worth anything? I say: Let those govern who govern best, who have been trained in the art, who have grown up with it and take their apprenticeship by birth. A royal family will do more to sit and watch everyone else work to pay for their balls and horses and summer dachas and jewels.
(Todd threw his pen into the waste basket and pulled a new one from a drawer.)
What could be more corrupt—and ugly—than a democracy? I’ve seen it in the streets of New York, as well as in post-socialist Russia. When everyone and everything is equal, nothing and no one ever rises above. The human landscape turns to ashes, and the death of all beauty ensues, like the chance our czars gave us to rise above our birthrights, I suppose, or to learn to read and write, or expect a time every year when we may have a break from our toil?

Todd had had enough. He abruptly closed his notebook and turned off the lamp at his desk. He moved to another room and thought about making some strong coffee to dispel the unpleasant morning dreams that had been clouding his otherwise pure thoughts. There was so much more he must write about; certainly many others were out there who shared his convictions. It was his duty to reach them and tie them together.
But for now he would make the coffee, and play a game of chess with himself.

Alexei, however, had no intentions of convincing anyone of anything, though he was sometimes naturally inclined to give his opinion when the need was so obvious. What else could an old ghost do? It was rather like muttering to himself, exposing ideas that had been ingrained in Vydrino’s inhabitants for centuries, instead of those of its most recent, fleeting years. So when Todd returned to his screen two hours later he found the following trailing off from his closing phrase:

Even then, just after the Socialist Era, there were trips to heroic sites, places that had witnessed the defeat of Fascism—that is, the western aggressor. The Goddess of Victory raised her sword high over busloads of Siberian visitors, and we all felt that this great statue had never abandoned us, that this would always be a place for celebration. Even I—Alexei Maksimovitch, a nineteen-year-old villager of New Siberia, born at the heals of the new revolution—could feel this.
There was a resort of sorts there, having been built under the aura of this monument. It was an old socialist building—six square floors with no decoration on its face, no pictures on the walls, but full of the spirits who had visited there over the years (of which I am now one).
We approached it at midnight, when wolves could be heard wailing in the valley below—this place stood at the top of a long, convoluted hill; so convoluted that our bus did nothing but lurch from side to side as we ascended the narrow little road! And after we arrived—well—it seemed that we had been transported to another world: there was barely any light save that of the moon, a thick fog had dug in for the night, and there stood the colorless shadow of a building before us, without any sign of life. 
Our bus was one of three vehicles in the wide lot. The monument stood on a knoll several hundred meters behind us. One had to take a set of stairs up and then through a pine grove before the scene opened up; but this night there was nothing but fog—no steps, no pine grove, no Goddess of Victory. Only us.
A friendly but soft-spoken woman (a local) checked us in and distributed our keys. As it turned out, two other groups were expected to join us before sunrise.
I shared a room with Pyotr, my boyhood friend. We sat on the small balcony overlooking the midnight woods and listened to the wolves. I might have turned in for the night if our friends Gregor and Yelena had not come to our door, pleading that we should meet in the lobby for a drink. There was to be music. You can imagine how surprised we were to learn this. Had there been any indication of that kind of life in the dull, empty lobby?
But the band, we found, played in a lounge on the lowest level: a very large room filled with long tables, cafeteria style, and a small stage at front. In fact, patrons took their meals here during the day. At night it turned nightclub.
Even as we entered, we saw that a good number of other guests had already traded their gloomy evening for a night of dancing and song. We recognized the melody immediately: a pre-socialist round from Ural folklore—and felt our hearts keeping time with them before we even ordered a drink.
A good number of our troupe had turned out—there was nothing to celebrate, but there we were celebrating. The fog pressed at the windows and obscured the moon’s light, but we had our own light, the light of drink and song and each other, dancing in circles around the room, as the stone cold monument to the war dead grew even more gray, invisible even, in the fog outside.
I tell you this because—because it is my own little letter from Novosibirsk, even if I haven’t really written it, and you haven’t really read it, but felt in your heart that you have experienced the same thing.
Todd looked down, scratched his head again, cursed, and looked back up to an empty screen.
4.
At certain times—they couldn’t always be predicted—when the moon showed a certain crescent, when the season’s gradual change turned abrupt, after a warm winter rain or strikingly clear August day, the ghosts of Vydrino gathered.
These gatherings would take place on rooftops, in the upper branches of a pine grove, in a favorite living room, or simply suspended above the old town square. They took place mid-day, or mid-night, or just after sundown, or at the anniversary of one’s death-time.
They were called to order quite spontaneously by one or more observant spirits, but the meetings were never orderly, for these ghosts would have nothing to do with order; they considered it human-made, a thing they had left behind. They had passed into a plane where their very existence spoke of an order, and that was the only order they knew.
So their congregation was more of a flittering in and out than a matrix of attentive faces. Of course, their very forms were subject to whim: some showed up with no form at all, merely the smudge in the air. Those who insistently arrived in period costume were considered showy, their character not having changed much since their days of incarnation.
At such a gathering one quiet and snowy midnight, a broad, witchlike ghost named Zofiya, who hadn’t changed a bit since the minute she died, had a few things to offer:
“Storms are the key to our understanding them. We note how they respond to a furious act of nature like this. Or, as is more likely the case, how they don’t respond.”
A humorous feeling passed through those gathered.
“In my day,” Alexei added, “you would think first of the animals in the yard—the chickens, goats, and geese—and then the windows, the leaky spots in the roof, the candles, the food in store, and lastly, your mother-in-law.”
This brought another gust of good humor
“We’re not here to judge,” Zofiya offered, “just to observe.”
“And to have a little fun,” Nura thought, “especially at their expense, the ingrates! Who built this town and maintained it for centuries?”
“Your ancestors came from Smolensk,” Nadezhda put it. “How long do you have to live in a place before it belongs to you?”
“Longer than they have. And only my father’s family came from Smolensk. On my mother’s side we go back generations—right here in Vydrino.”
“It’s a strange lot we have here,” maintained Zofiya, “I haven’t bothered to glean anything from their scribblings but—what’s that Nura? A journal? What could they possibly be writing about Vydrino?”
“Nothing,” Alexei brought up. “That’s it. They write about anything but us. Vydrino’s an insignificant shell for them. It could be anywhere as well. What they want from us is a hideaway. But the history, the beauty, the spirit of the place—it’s all lost on them.”
“Obviously,” Nura hastened, “that’s why it’s our job to remind them of it.”
“What if they don’t want to be reminded?” added little Kolya, who had been taken at age four by the new tuberculosis. But having felt the immense response to this comment, he put in nothing more. Even young ghosts had a lot to learn.
5. THE CARTOGRAPHER
No one ever felt invited to Novosibirsk, as Omar quickly discovered. Newcomers arrived just as all newcomers had: without an address, a phone number, a familiar face, or hotel room. There was simply Novosibirsk: a skeleton of Vydrino, a bare prop for the present, and a feeling that humanity did not inhabit it, but somehow reconstructed its spirit continuously.
And of course, most of its inhabitants were invisible, or so it seemed to Omar on the day he arrived.
He ended up inhabiting one of the colorless wooden cottages that lined Novosibirsk’s half-dozen alleys. It always happened like that with those who came to Novosibirsk: one saw a window that one liked, or a certain slant in the roof, a forgotten doormat, etc.; and then the exploration began, ending in a first night’s stay, then a second, and a third, until the cottage had begun to breathe another life.
Omar was an Egyptian cartographer, one of Novosibirsk’s latest arrivals. At forty-four he had finally thrown in the towel and left his comfortable university job at the Arab Union capital of Tunis and headed for the hills of Lebanon.
But Lebanon was not much better than Egypt or Tunisia—no one was interested in geography there, either. And from his travels and passing acquaintances of people from all corners of the world he finally determined that not another living soul was interested in geography aside from an occasional ten-year-old or two, but these usually succumbed to the pan-globe conspiracy by age twelve.
What could he do but come to Novosibirsk, which he had heard about once or twice, and which was the birthplace of one of his favorite monthlies, Letters from Novosibirsk? He might be able to work in seclusion there; and since he’d felt that he’d been secluded from his contemporary world already, why not see and feel his seclusion more concretely?

Omar’s cottage was a favorite of Kolya’s too, for it was in this house that Kolya had spent his few living years.
At first Kolya, shy young spirit that he was, chose to remain relatively unobtrusive—merely observing this newcomer, and not taunting him in the style of Nura or even Zofiya. This period of ghostly calm was lengthened by the fact that Omar’s profession had captivated Kolya’s half-felt heart from the start. It was not until several of Omar’s months had passed that Kolya happened to mention this profession to the regular congregation at a ghost gathering:
“I wish I’d been alive long enough to be one of them.”
“One of what?” Zofiya demanded.
“A c-cartofager.”
“You mean, cartographer,” Nura held. But Kolya, couldn’t you have wished for something more exciting? You’re better off dead.”
“No, I’m not!”
“Now departed,” put in Alexei, “maybe the boy has a point. There weren’t many alive in his time who knew where they were going.”
“There still aren’t!” snapped Zofiya. “Nothing but uncharted souls here in Vydrino—excepting ourselves of course.”
“Yes! Yes!” Nura felt loudly. A chorus of others cheered too, already feeling her idea:
“Then why don’t we let Kolya chart them?”
“Please?” Alexei mused.
“Little Nikolai will have his chance after all.” Nura began. “He will be the cartographer, Omar’s silent apprentice, and begin charting the soul of Omar himself. Kolya will report to us and we’ll all have a wonderful time showing the living what spiritual landscapes they possess!”
“How?” a distant ghost glimmered.
“How. HOW. There was never such a word,” Nura went on. “We’ll just do it, that’s all. Kolya, you must dispatch at once. See what a cartographer’s dreams are made of! And spare no detail in your report to us. Fly!”
Kolya, silently bewildered but charged with a near-Earthly excitement, set off accordingly, for spending more time among them might allow him to realize another goal, one that he dared not mention to the others, but that he had set his little soul on long ago.

Omar had just finished hanging his last map (a rare treasure, the Visigothic Empire of Western Europe) above the sitting room’s fireplace. He was about to begin his next project (Antarctic trade zones of the mid twenty-first century) when Kolya arrived.
Omar sat ready with his blue ink in hand, ready to delineate the major aquatic passageways; Kolya sat on the pen’s tip, tilting it every so often in a direction that Omar didn’t recognize—sometimes trailing off to Australia, other times encroaching on Argentina’s territorial waters.
“What’s this?” Omar whispered in dismay. “A rare nervous disease I’ve contracted?”
Hardly. He dropped the pen to stretch his right hand’s fingers slowly out, then in, then in again. His concentration and coordination had never felt better—
Until he picked up the pen and began again. This time he drew a line straight into the ice. “Why, a ship can’t go there,” he wondered. The pen directed his hand again, slipping over the pole and heading out to sea again, in the direction of warmer waters.
Then he felt the chill inside him. Kolya let off, and Omar took a break. “There’s more to cartography than this,” thought Omar. “I must understand what it’s like to live in a frozen land. Perhaps I shall take a walk and imagine the winter Siberian landscape.”

Outside, Omar found summer in full August force, though a slight breeze carried a tinge of Arctic air down with it, which met the current draft inside him. There he felt what he saw: a dark plain that receded equally on all sides, unbroken by dotted, dashed, or textured lines. A wind that swept down over it, and continued to the edge of the land, to the sea, to the night and then day; a wind that never stopped, only paused to garner strength.
During this walk to the outskirts of Novosibirsk he imagined his Arabic homeland, how the borders had changed even in his own lifetime. He remembered an impromptu trip he had made as a young man to the Caliphate of Tripoli. In his eyes and in his ears he remembered the trip as if it had never ended, as if his life had only been a series of short, diversionary rests away from a trip he carried inside him.
In those days one could still rent a vehicle for singular passage. Omar remembered making the decision on a Friday and leaving the following morning. There was no one at home to tell about it.

The first thing he noticed was a herd of camels at a watering hole near Bir el Rabia, on the Libyan Plateau. “Camels are dangerous,” he thought to himself. Though he could not even imagine why. He had seen camels all his life (all nineteen years of it) and he had always considered them to be life-saving, at the least. But all this solitary driving had encouraged his thoughts to wander outside of their more predisposed confines. Having no one with whom to interact, he was lent to interacting with himself, and inclining to a less favorable view of camels was something that seemed to come naturally to him after having spent a lifetime of blindly considering them “good.”
So what else might he be inclined to think during a solitary ride on the desert’s fringe? A few miles to the north he could easily have taken the coastal highway, with the lushness of green spread like his boyhood’s bed quilt around him.
But he chose instead to take old roads, or no roads at all—whatever his ancient RV could handle. And he remained, faithfully, within the desert’s walls. It was not until his arrival at the Great Sand Sea that he decided not to go to Tripoli at all, but rather to the city of Sabha, deep within the sands of the northern Sahara. His head-long dive into the desert was a head-long dive into his own confines, for he had spent his whole life in a city that grew desert around it, as a whirling planet throws off nothing but dead space, and now he must see the boundaries that had been set for him at birth.
Kolya held fast to Omar’s memory—the only way to chart Omar’s soul was to allow him to see glimpses of it in his past. Kolya would not draw boundaries, or illuminate landmarks, that weren’t already there. Perhaps he could urge Omar to see what parts of him lingered outside of time, and help him see how these parts made up the true, timeless Omar: a difficult mission for a young ghost.
Now at the boundary of Novosibirsk, where an old wooden church stood awaiting its fate, Omar tested the wind once again. It is a sweet wind, full of pollen and wild manure. The wind laid everything low in this Siberian plain; the sands of the Sahara rose under the wooden grasses and groves of thin white birch.
The ride to Sabha seemed at first to be a ride through eternity, the void that Omar had always felt lay just outside of Cairo. He was drawn to this void, because little by little he recognized that the landscape was not as unchanging as it appeared to be. In fact, he began to notice little changes that soon turned into big changes, and a whole new look at the sand-filled world fell deeper and deeper into his eyes.
Remembering these changes was what Kolya was there to see him and help him do. These changes made up the timeless Omar, the landscape of Omar.
For in place of the tireless sands Omar began to see the shapes of wind-swept dunes. In fact there were tracks on some of these dunes, tiny insect tracks and big RV tracks, tracks from past wars, and tracks that told stories of things that went on as he had been growing up in Cairo.
A breast-shaped dune with a pinkish tint recalled one of his earliest adolescent preoccupations.
A double-tipped, tubular dune became the hillside he had gazed upon from the second storey window of his grammar school.
An irregular, snake-like dune resembled the stray cat lying curled under an ancient stone, the cat he had tormented and then nursed back to health in order to make a present of it for his young niece.
But the tall, erratic dune—the one chopped like little waves on its top and sides, this one was his dear friend Gabriel, the Maronite from Lebanon whom he’d left behind in the world beyond Novosibirsk. Gabriel was not a cartographer, but he understood the need for mapping things out, and knowing where you are going. He would say things like, “You’re going to fly to Madrid? It’s much more interesting to fly into Lisbon, and take the overland route. Stop at Toledo and soak in El Greco’s view.” He was not speaking from a tourist’s point of view, but from the point of view of one who cared deeply for a landscape. They had fought together for the Arab Union, slept in the desert under the stars, and helped to rebuild Cairo after the wars. Omar missed him.
Other dunes were older friends, other pets he had gathered from the Cairo suburbs as a boy, even a great-grandmother whom he had met only once, as a three-year-old. Somehow these characters made up boundaries that were not drawn; they delineated yearnings in his heart that had gone with him from one country to another, over land as well as sea, their indelible images the only landscape he could see during one-third of his life, in dreams.

The arctic-driven breeze stopped. Omar took a good look around him. He breathed, felt foreign, thought he’d felt this foreignness before, that he’d felt it even in Cairo. That he had never left Cairo. Or that others would always see it in his face.
After the lonely walk back to his study he picked up the ink pen again, ready to draw in the old, affected way, ready to draw lines around other people’s lives, around their places of living.
And Kolya flew off, letting Omar’s hand go where it would.
6. THE ACTIVIST 
(or, SELF-APPOINTED COLLECTIVE CONSCIENCE)
One day as Wynnet was walking to the fruit and vegetable warehouse to pick up his weekly staples he tripped over a hole in the road which hadn’t been there for fifty years. Luckily, nothing slipped out of his wallet; it would have taken him the better part of the morning to reorganize it.
Soon a woman appeared before him; she had turned the corner just as he had finished brushing himself off. It was his next-door neighbor, Karyne, whom he had never encountered on the street before.
“Hello Wynnet. Nice day, isn’t it?”
“Nice enough.”
“I hope you’re not buying the parsnips this year.”
“I’ve already heard. You’re speaking of the latest WGC report on genetically engineered Siberian root crops?”
“That too? Well, no, I was thinking of the Ukrainian exploitation of Chechens and Ossetians.”
“Root growers?”
“For centuries. I won’t touch another sugar beet, carrot, turnip, or parsnip until their rights have been restored.”
“Luckily I don’t like them.”
“You’re no better than those Ukrainians! How can you say that?”
“No, not Ossetians. Parsnips. I don’t like parsnips. The last two times I tried them, six months and five years ago, I had indigestion for three and a half hours, I drank six ounces of SLB-30 and finally had to skip my evening exercises.”
Karyne stared blankly at him.
“They are a local staple. You really should try to immerse yourself in the local culture more.”
“I thought we were the local culture. There are only three native inhabitants of Vydrino left. And they are all cats.”
“But their culture still stands, and besides, Vydrino’s surrounded by it. There’s a wooden church straight down the road, less than three kilometers from here. Have you ever been in it? I’ve heard that it might be destroyed because it harbors bats. The decision rests with us, the Council of Novosibirsk. We have to preserve that church!”
“We could do without the bats. And I make it a point never to join councils. I didn’t even know it existed, fortunately.”
“Wynnet! You’re just like the rest of them.”
“Which rest of them?”
“The rest of them out there.”
“Ah, you mean the world. Please. I had thought you were a bit more perspicacious—it’s obvious that I’m not like the rest of them, or I wouldn’t be here. That’s very simple. Even for a native Californian.”
“That’s a bigoted remark. Californians are no less intelligent than anyone else. In fact, more Californians are college graduates than people from any other…”
“Ah, ah, ah. That hasn’t been the case for seventy-eight years. The leader now is Oklahoma, uncontested. In fact, California has the third highest rate of college drop-outs in the area of our former United States. And also as a matter of fact, Californians have scored in the bottom third of the Creative Logic part of the National College Pre-examination Board’s standardized analysis for the last six years.”
“Well at least you didn’t say standardized test.”
“So I may say with supra-relative certainty, dear woman, that your former comment to me fell quite within the range of a typical Californian’s thought processes.”
“Oooooooooooh!” Karyne shrieked. “Do me a favor,” she said. “Buy turnips if you don’t like parsnips. And then fart yourself to death.”
As she maintained her usual goose-stepping pace away from him she heard only the first words of his muttering:
“Yet another typical remark. Nothing surprises me. Hmpf.”
He ducked into a small alleyway to follow a different route to the market, feeling self-satisfied and tireless, a state that Nura could not bear to see him in. She must have some fun:

The alley had been there for three hundred years, and already it had begun to smell of overuse. Gray wooden gates hung in tatters on their encrusted hinges; dirt piles marked the rear entrances to cottages. Laundry fluttered about the fenced-in yards, and black birds spread about like large ashes—floating and descending, then rising again.
The scene, however, made no impression on Wynnet, who had occupied himself since Karyne’s departure by mentally collecting all manner of California-borne phrases. However, a cloud seemed to hang before his eyes the minute he remembered where he was, or where he was heading. The road could have been from Babylon, Detroit, or Calais. The backs of cottages were only shadows to his eye; their roofs, towers to commerce and religion. Now wait. Was he not born and raised here? Did he not walk this lonely road a thousand times before, perhaps on his way to school, or to the hologram store? And now it was the wretched week he’d spent in Amsterdam (mostly in his room) with rain outside and not a soul on Earth he could trust, waiting for his rescheduled flight to Moscow. And then the trees opened up to the Hausatonic River and his first canoe trip, in his new white canoe, nobody but he; and then the death of a favorite grandmother, and the community service to see her off—the white canopy, the name of the shuttle that would release her ashes… He relived all these places at once, behind a milky white veil. Then the veil flew off. A wide, white owl lifted into the clear sky: it must have passed right in front of him, occluding his vision, or forcing him to think about who he had been.
And Nura flew into the nearest grove of birches, losing herself in their speckled white, while Wynnet kept his mind on every pace, trying in vain to remember his shopping list.

Zofiya was not considered a banal witch among the others; her habits were developed not only enough to earn her the title, but to maintain a mastery of the art that few others would ever attain. She had been at it much longer than less seasoned ghosts, like Nura.
One thing that gave her the greatest pleasure, as well as satisfaction in carrying out her witchly duties, was reaching her living communicants during those moments of just falling asleep, or early awakening. It was an all-too-typical Siberian winter morning, a Saturday, that beckoned her to the site of Todd’s bed:

He lay perfectly back-straight, arms crossed over his chest, blanket tucked under his chin. This was exactly the way she had found him the last time; it drove her mad with delight to see his habits so progressed. It would only aid her design, which after all could only benefit the poor boy in the long run. The first thing she had to do was plug in to his dreams, dull as they might be:
Todd found himself the inheritor of a Late New Age mud-and-stone cottage, set on the desert plains of southern New Mexico, a place he had once seen as an adolescent. From his front door he saw only a charged light, a light that let itself in through the house’s many small windows, but never enough to penetrate the interior’s even grayness completely.
This was, then, the dream: a place, a feeling the place had given him. He had had this dream before.
A slit in his Siberian curtains told him another light had arrived: the light of wakefulness, but he would not leave his stone home. He shut his eyes again, completely, and let the new day pass.
The room had only furniture that was unattainable: Renaissance chairs, a Georgian chest, King Louis IV gilded mirror—things that brought an order to his soul, things he had been amassing mentally over his lifetime. And here was the moment of enjoyment; the timeless, perfect fulfillment of his yearning. And here was where Zofiya must come into play, tripping up his half-awake mind like a good crop of spring potholes on a favorite road:
The room is not as cold as the other. Not as cold as you think: a stream of paper ribbons flying in from a carnival to disrupt the stillness of a sterile place. The Renaissance stripes offer certain comfort, then fly away in the face of the cold opening up, opening up to the walls behind walls. To real homes, full of the lives of those who live, but do not ponder…
He must sink back into the dream, the euphoria of a realized history of dreams. He was the monarch in the dwelling of his dream, surrounded by the artifacts that had surrendered to him, that served him in dumb simplicity. And that was as it should be. Everything was now finally as it should be. Until the eternal daylight comes through again, a stream of misguided thought awakens you; you become one of them again—now, you, a member of democracy half-hidden away but keeping a vital tie from the correspondence you keep with them. Them. Them.
Todd rolled over, burying his cheek in the soft pillow. The lights went out again. He was filled with a Sunday evening feast, sitting at the long, long table with friends all about, each friend refined in taste and elegant in appearance. And it was his banquet: he had chosen the menu, the china, the wines. Afterwards they would stroll in the sculpted gardens, along pink and gray gravel paths, to the fountain’s spray against the rising moon. They would talk about the price of ham, and the World Council for Social Welfare. The price Nigerians are paying for their cheap labor in their newly irrigated fields. Talk about a hole in the curtains that won’t go away, no matter how you arrange them. A walk to the store and meeting Karyne on the way—if only she’d take on another crusade: his. If only the birds would stop singing so early in the morning, and Letters from Novosibirsk would drop that pedestrian format. People would take it more seriously. Take his newest article, to be written today…
Enough of writing letters to the unenlightened. What matter was it to them? There were those who recognized sublimity and those who wouldn’t know it if you…. No use bothering about it. Let them grovel about in their centuries-old pop culture excuse. This is why I exist—to relish the refined, to surround myself with the height of man’s aesthetic achievements, to be a living example of how one should live, and live to guide others…

It is enough, thought Zofiya, to have planted a seed. She often worked that way. She would let him wake up now, and the waking would be part of the lesson. And then all day, while remembering his lovely dream, Todd would be prodded with a sense that there really was more to it than he had imagined.
7.
Kolya knew how to tell another ghost’s presence: there was an even disturbance in his defining space. Such disturbances could be gauged to sense the arriving ghost’s death-age, sex, and personality traits, even before communication had been reached. So Kolya was nearly knocked senseless by the arrival of Rimpon, who had been dead nearly three thousand years, but who had first attained a very high level of knowledge about the immaterial during his Earth-life. He sensed that Kolya was a little overwhelmed by his presence:
“There’s nothing unusual about me, but that I am a little older than you.”
“But you’re older than great-grandma, and she died three years after I did!”
“I came to you because I thought you might understand.”
“Understand what?”
“What I am about to ask you. You are young and delicate; your presence is least likely to be detected. And I have followed with great admiration the work you’ve done with Vydrino’s new residents.”
“I’m just having fun…”
“You are acquainted with Omar, the cartographer?”
“Of course! There aren’t many here to be acquainted with. And besides, I like him.”
“I would like him to map Tibet—twice: the ancient land and the living present one.”
“Why? Why there?”
Rimpon continued: “I was fortunate enough to have spent most of my Earth-years there. I know now, as I knew then, that my homeland was a doorway to our realm—yours and mine, Kolya. It is one of a few places on the Earth that offers such a passageway, and it is something I would like the living to know. Omar will begin to know it first, and we will let the others follow.”
“I don’t understand.” 
“That is not necessary. Understanding is a life-concept, Kolya. We do not consider understanding important now. We have knowledge, and that is greater.
Kolya felt a spread of good intention and well-being covering him, and he began to know now what Rimpon was talking about. Rimpon was gone, but he had left this knowledge with Kolya, who did tend to be open-spirited.

Understanding is a life-concept thought Omar as he cleaned his favorite pen in warm water and RP-2 detergent. But to have knowledge is greater.
Omar normally paid little attention to such roaming thoughts: random impulses of the brain, he considered them, neither useful nor harmful, though slightly annoying when filling in the mental void between work sessions. He could be planning his next map, which was to appear in the next issue of Letters.
But these mental ramblings of his today were strong; they seemed to demand his attention.
Nevertheless, it was time to begin the map, and soon enjoy the precise coordination of his conscious mind and hand in the ancient art of cartography. He had tried and rejected the electronic medium: its precision was too distant from him, the lines too blandly indistinct. He enjoyed the irreversibility of ink, the nuances in line thickness he could achieve, letting each map dictate itself to him as if through its own, Earth-worn voice. And, not surprisingly, no one wanted his maps. They did not fit the mold of those generated by electronic means, and no one ever thought of maps as works of art. They were simply one of the many inventions of humankind that demanded ever more precision and standardization. Omar’s maps were anachronistic, his motives unclear; his lettering did not always follow the strict guidelines as set by the Coordinated Earth Viewers’ conventions.
But Omar had faith in his work; he knew that his accomplishments were his own, and they lifted him to a plane of exciting contentment, as if he were the sole confidant of Earth herself, privy to her contours, her blemishes, her successes and her works-in-progress. For Omar, like everyone, was made of Earth, and he considered the mountains and lakes his brothers and sisters, kin he should get to know.
That morning, feeling that he knew the whole world at once (having drawn every nook of it many times over, in all its ages and perspectives) he simply let his hand fall to the blank page, and let come of it what it willed. The lines came together in the familiar but challenging study of Tibet.
Tibetan mountains were the most exciting on Earth. Tibetan names rang like Tibetan bells in the echoing, cool air, and Tibetan sun cast hard shadows over her seas of peaks and ridges. Tibetan rivers and streams ran like the purest glass over Earth’s most primitive rock. The Age of Industry had skirted Tibet, but her people had known its rewards. Her people, thought Omar, had never lost what so many others in the world had lost during that grimy age: hope. They had endured Chinese occupation, but that had only strengthened their determination to keep their spiritual identity alive. Not foolhardy, they accepted technological advances, but were able to keep them at a sane distance from their spiritual centers.
The fall of the Mao Dynasty, near the end of the twentieth century, had allowed Tibetan religious centers to re-open, but they were now equipped with the latest secular offerings to facilitate communication, environmental soundness, and good health. The New Tibetans could exercise, pick vegetables, hold a videophone conference, and go off to meditate—all within the same compound.
Omar had traveled in Tibet only last summer; its impressions were still strong in him. As his pencil provided the contours for its border, mountains, rivers, and plateaus, his mind provided the living images that guided his concentration. He saw many times over the rebuilt monasteries, the intently calm faces, the convenience stores. But soon these were replaced with open-air markets where only grain, yak’s butter, and pork dumplings were sold. He saw the newer, tight-fitting suits replaced by long red and golden robes; the new monasteries replaced by ancient buildings filled with traditional artistry, inside and out.
And when he looked at the names of cities he had sketched in, Omar could not remember ever having known them. Some were in locations where no modern town existed; their syllables only dimly familiar, like the memories of one’s earliest childhood impressions. In place of contemporary highways, Omar had drawn early trade routes. Even the rivers followed different routes, slightly off course from the ones he had drawn on his other Asian maps.
A new sense passed through him, a new sense of belonging and not belonging. With this new sense came the loss of his other senses: he heard nothing and felt nothing; even his eyes were dimmed. Omar felt that he inhabited that map; that he had lost his religion, his past, his identity. Omar was a map, an ancient map he did not understand, but knew as well as he knew himself.
When a blink brought him back to Novosibirsk he lifted his head to the cool white room. His hand still held a full pen, and the paper it rested on was white.
8.
Kolya found Elsa seated before her writing desk in the next cottage. He still knew very little about her, but thought her extremely agreeable to look at. Tired of playing tricks, he studied the lines on her face, which changed while she wrote her letter:

With a hot glass of Georgian tea and home-baked muffin here to warm me, I feel nothing of the chilling storm that is about to begin outside. Outside, a lot of things go on that have no effect on me, the Nun of Novosibirsk. About all that touches me is my cat, Smolensk.
I have received many letters lately in response to my last report—some of them kind and supportive, others bitter and hateful. But I’m afraid many of you still have delusions about the state of my life here.
I am neither happy nor sad, trusting nor vengeful, melancholic nor exuberant. I simply exist here, like the wooden beams that support my cottage, or the perennials whose roots have burrowed in my garden for years here before my arrival.
In this balanced state (some may even call it static) I am able and willing to note the cycles of life around me. Having no family of my own, nor an intimate with whom to plunge into folly, I have become like a sieve for all that passes by me or comes into view.
My neighbors may appear to be in a similar state; but I can assure you they are not. They are absorbed in their ideas and convictions. I have none.
Some have called me a man-hater, and I respond with a mixture of puzzlement and awe. I have never written an unkind word about men; my choosing not to spend my life being intimately bound to one does not mean that I do not respect and admire them. The ground rule for celibacy is that you must not hate the opposite sex. The celibate person, rather, contemplates and therefore grows to empathize with the absent one.
I empathize with children as well, though there are none here at Novosibirsk. At times I feel I’ve become a child, soft, unassuming, dazzled by discovery in this world…

“Discovery indeed.”
Zofiya had presented herself on the mantelpiece, just next to Kolya.
“Just look there, you can see nothing of the child written on her face. It’s as if she held a cast likeness continuously in front of her. Nothing of her true character is revealed.”
“I think she’s pretty, Kolya offered.
“You’ve yet to learn the meaning of the word. Why don’t we have a little fun—”
“But—” Kolya began, but was snuffed out by Zofiya’s grandiose presence, which was matriarchal at the least. She would have her way.
Elsa felt a tingling in her arm, the way it sometimes felt when she was coming down with something. She shook it, pinched it, and finally dropped her pen and decided it was time for another cup of tea.
But on her way to the tiny kitchen she tripped over the loose step that separated the rooms: the board snapped off and revealed a cache of grayed wooden toys, toys that had once been brightly painted and wrapped for name-day and Christmas celebrations.
Her mouth opened in astonishment, and she suddenly felt that she had never been alone in her cottage; that there had been hidden artifacts like these supporting her steps, sweetening the air, and spreading echoes through the silence while she slept. She reached for a faded blue truck, made of wooden blocks, with wooden wheels and a wooden man sitting in the driver’s seat, blank-faced, no eyes or ears or nose. Its wheels were cracked but they still rolled; she pushed it over the oil-stained floor and watched it rise and fall.
There was also a wooden flute with six holes in line and one behind for your thumb, a miniature balalaika, a doll’s cradle, and a set of painted circus bears, all a hundred and fifty years old.
Elsa studied the toys, turning them over one by one. But she felt nothing for them; she couldn’t imagine the children who played with them, nor could she imagine the toys she had played with as a child. It was fitting that these wooden toys had turned gray, like shadows, reminders of things too distant to recognize.
But there was that feeling now of being with company, whether she wanted it, and acknowledged it, or not. Her precious reclusive days had suddenly become less reclusive. If toys were hidden under the floor, what might there be behind the walls, under the roof, or down the well in the yard? She thought of monks’ bones, or family secrets that had once been clandestinely locked away—a letter confessing the terms of an arranged marriage, or set of rings put away for a favorite daughter who had left for a short trip and never returned.
She saw her hideaway now as it must have been for a couple of hundred years: home for native Siberian families, a place where heavy toil and passionate feelings of love, hate, restlessness, jealousy, vigilance, and contentment had superseded any inclination toward a more contemplative life. No, the monks’ bones she had first imagined were grandma’s bones, an infant’s bones, the bones of widows and reckless young men; bones of sages and bones of idiots, all of a common stock.
Bones could be rattling under her feet in the creaking boards, bones supporting the roots of her little vegetable garden, bones holding down the earth and holding up the house; a close network of old bones familiar only to themselves and their histories, and shutting out the young Dane who had settled in like a cowbird, robbing someone else’s nest.

Zofiya, who quickly bored, had taken leave of Kolya and disregarded Elsa’s reactions to her magic. But Alexei had taken her place, watching Kolya more than Elsa:
“I know what you are up to, little one.”
“No, you don’t.”
“You’re forgetting what we old ghosts are able to do. I don’t want to sound like your grandfather, but I will say this: life is not easy. You were too young to know that. There may still be time to reconsider…”
“But I will have two more grandpas, and we will go to visit them. They will have candy and presents for me, and take me to the Animal Adoption Center. You may come too, Uncle Alexei, and see how nice it will be.”
“Some things are beyond my reach, little one. We all have our limitations. I am content to pass eternity at Vydrino, my birth and death place. But I feel that your will is made up. I cannot change it. I wish you everything a good life can bring, and hope you will find me when your Earth-time is over again.”
“But wait! It’s not yet! Uncle Alexei—”
9.
Wynnet was so enthralled by the 25th World Physical Engineering Competition that soon afterward he felt compelled to write this article:

Hello friends, in this my 32nd submission to Letter from Novosibirsk I offer the only unbiased and categorically unsentimental report of the world’s most exacting competition for the physically engineered, which recently took place in Ulan Batar, birthplace of this year’s newcomer to the events: horseback slicing.
This awe-inspiring event takes place at 2:30 on Thursday afternoons, only after each rider has had a three-course meal of tomato soup, yak yoghurt, and oatmeal. Riders must be at least 5’8” but no greater than 6’ tall, male, and of a weight between 150 and 180 pounds. Their blood tests must reveal 60–82 mg of testocytosan, .07–.04 mg of urolinosine, and pure caffeine distilled from coffee beans of South American (except Brazil) origin. (This is understandable, given that Brazil’s climate has been undergoing unpredictable shifts lately.)
Spectators may watch from the spartan but elegant Mongolian Equestrian Theatre, but may not wear deodorants, perfumes, or scented hair products of any kind to the event; these have been known to injure the horses’ concentration.
At 1:06 p.m./ECAT riders must line up in their slicing suits, which may be red, purple, or medium green, with their numbered WPEC skull caps worn over freshly shaven heads. At this point another blood test is done to ensure that diet and artificial energizer rules have not been violated. Then, as riders mount their Arabian thoroughbreds in numerical order, the bass note is struck, and the slicing begins!
The slicing dolls, each hand-stitched by blind Peruvian virgins, have been suspended from Norwegian maypoles by Sudanese pre-pubescents by sundown of the previous day (a Wednesday, you’ll remember). Approaching slicers must test wind currents and cloud deflection when deciding which tobacco-filled limb to lop off first. This may well be the most critical point in the race. Concentration marks the foreheads of all the participants, as well as many of the spectators, and (it may be said) the horses.
Limbs must be sliced as closely as possible, at a 30° angle. Any tobacco leaves that have fallen out of the severed limb are counted against the participant. If a leaf is unbroken, it tallies as a double fault. Riders are allowed four consecutive passes, of course, but each pass may include no more than 1.7 seconds of slicing (any number of limbs may be sliced at a pass).
The event must be rescheduled if a sneeze, cough, or audible gastric disturbance from the spectators reaches the ears of the riders. (Otherwise, spectators are free to look and breathe as they wish.)
If such unparalleled entertainment does not suit your fancy, there are always the more traditional events: yarn spinning (on yak back), endurance pirouetting, and professional walking—which exacted attractive new leg wrappers and spine pads this year. The pace of the walk was slowed to .004 mps to ensure that the judges were able to gauge calf muscles with their zoom sonoscopes. Indeed, one entrant this year was discovered to have his regenerative muscle implants ballooning at the wrong circumference!
It makes you wonder whether true sportswo/man/ship has actually devolved to the point of such irresponsibility. One can imagine with horror some future contestant showing up with nothing but his or her natural, animal-like physical condition!
By and large this year’s competition showed outstanding breeding, with only three uncleft chins, two unbridged noses, and one horrendous social coffee drinker—the tell-tale periocular facial lines were almost too embarrassing to look at. It is needless to say, this contestant lost her event: sunsmiling. 
10.
Omar, tired of poring over his maps one afternoon, decided to drop in on the neighbors, not yet knowing that this was virtually a taboo thing to do in Novosibirsk.
The first cottage on the right belonged to Wynnet. Wynnet’s electronic scanner rang, telling him someone was standing behind his front door. He interrupted his game of computer solitaire to answer it.
Seeing another human, Wynnet showed neither delight nor irritation. He viewed Omar as he would a holoscreen.
“Can I help you?”
“My name’s Omar. I live next door.”
“So.”
“I thought I’d make your acquaintance.”
“Oh. Please come in my name’s Wynnet Lee nice to meet you can I get you something.”
“A glass of tea would be fine.”
Wynnet disappeared and left Omar to find a seat among Wynnet’s collections of antique encyclopedias and census records. Omar noted as best he could the floor plan of Wynnet’s cottage. He was also taken with the intelligent use Wynnet had made of storage space: file cabinets pulled out from the walls (wearing the same pine veneer), end tables encased old computer discs, and a system of hologram voice-mail stood ready to retrieve, recite, send, and store information at Wynnet’s slightest suggestion, from any corner of the cottage.
On seeing this little storehouse of antique, post-modern, and contemporary information blocks there was little doubt, thought Omar, that anything he needed to know for his future projects rested close to home.
“So what’s your belief?” Wynnet asked as he set the stark-white, steaming mugs on the table.
“I’m sorry, could you repeat that please?” Omar pleaded.
“Certainly. I said, ‘So what’s your belief?’”
“I am not religious.”
“Religious? But I wasn’t talking about religion.”
“You have asked me what my beliefs are.”
“Incorrect. I asked you twice what your belief is. I see you do not have the correct fluency level to engage in normal English conversation. But you really should, since eighty-five percent of the world’s population currently employs it as the lingua franca of either business transaction or personal communication.”
“I see. You are right. But you are not always so easy to understand. If you are asking me what my preoccupation is, I will tell you. I am a cartographer.”
“So?”
“Excuse me?”
“I said, ‘So’? In this case, it means that I do not understand its relevance to anything.”
Omar brushed back his hair with his hand, trying to formulate an even-handed response to this representative of the ill-informed, but his first words were interrupted by a red, pulsating light, and a set of ringing chimes.
Time four-forty-five-fifty-eight. Statistical Significance Report. Late Monday edition. Commencing. First alert completed.
A skyscraper appeared on the coffee table, rotating, a translucent blue-green. It was quickly replaced by a New England filly, but Omar didn’t notice it—he was still wondering why the skyscraper. The filly showed for only an instant, just long enough to give Wynnet a stir, as the hologram voice mail continued:
Forty-seven-and-a-half storey Center for Digestive Research in Nairobi. Replaces thirty-nine normal Nairobi city blocks (NNCBs). Consolidates nine digestive research units in Southwest-Central-East Africa. Projected savings in discovery times: 523.8 days/experiment.
“What…” Omar began.
An aerial view of the North American tundra shimmered next in liquid ice-blue, grays, and yellow. Parallel canals, box buildings, and circular storage stations appeared in red outline, overlaying the landscape.
Improved design for the North American Federation’s tundra-farming enterprise, now in its twelfth year. Warmer arctic summers have allowed an 88% increase in yield of parsnips, lettuce, cucumbers, and snow pea crops. Experiments are now underway to encourage the growth of frost-immune yellow tomatoes, the AVF-92-SE hybrid developed by the International Siberian Cooperative #241.
A blizzard obliterated the tundra scene; a man’s nose then replaced it…
“Nice touch,” Wynnet mumbled.
“But what…” Omar repeated.
Wynnet turned to look at him, sharply, as a parrot would.
“I said ‘Nice touch’—the blizzard, that is.”
“What is this?” Omar resolved to say.
“Looks like a nose.”
“No, I mean…”
Rhinoplasty’s latest gold medal winner. Subject Tibeto-Turko-Irish, suffered from asymmetry and foreshortening. Correction performed in Caracas, with all ethnic members of subject’s family present for template generation and morphology verification…

The filly flashed again, and then an elderly woman climbing a dirt path: she had a crooked, flat nose and few teeth.
“Excuse me, Mr. Lee, but why are we watching this?”
Wynnet’s stare lengthened. A few moments passed before he spoke:
“It is the purest purveyor of relevant Earthly information we have.”
Omar had to reflect another moment, while Wynnet regained his stare.
What about each other?
“Pardon me?” Wynnet thought, but he could not ask. He was still too engrossed in his childhood, and could not imagine why his favorite horse and Kentuckian great-aunt should have flashed in his mind.
But the voice from the holograms continued, without interruption, just as it has been programmed to do:
Private entertainment insurance company I.T. has broken private insurance rate records, surpassing health, life, transplantation, spousal, education, and mental stability rates during the past nine weeks to become humankind’s most needed commodity. One in every five consumers world-wide can now expect to be entertained by prescribed means at regularly-appointed times during the life-week.
“I should pick some up,” said Wynnet.
“I think I’ll be running along now,” Omar returned.
Wynnet would not budge.
“Wait. Seven and a half more minutes. Almost assuredly something you need to know will be coming up.”
“Yes. Perhaps. But I haven’t finished Antarctica yet. My pens are drying. And by the way. Wynnet?”
“I’m listening.”
“I’d like to talk to you again sometime.”
“About what?”
“About what? About some—I’m not exactly sure what. But there is something I need to talk about.”
“Anytime from 10:30 to 11:16, or from 3:00 to 3:22, or from 8 to 9:05. Bye Omar nice to meet you see you soon good night.”
“Good afternoon.”

Omar let the door slam; he was still not used to Novosibirsk’s petrified wooden doors, the heaviness by which they fell in the deepest direction of their lopsided cottages.
Wynnet remained seated before the coffee table where his hologram mail had just expired. He vaguely recalled a short piece about density levels of the latest molded polyglass breakfast tables, and the weekly worldwide roach count (W2RC), but another image had leveled him out for the rest of the afternoon. He neither prepared dinner at the appointed time nor released the latest incoming data into the System. Small red and green lights flashed all about him, defining the area of his living and working space. For the first time since his arrival at Novosibirsk, they were out of sync. Wynnet had been most nastily reminded of his first wet dream: a fact so neatly tucked away in his latent memory that he had little feeling left for it. But the incident brought a forgotten element back into his life: chaos. He, Wynnet Lee, had also suffered from not having total control of his penis.
And as he sat uncomfortably in his ragged chair, Nura gently stroked it into posture again. Nothing he had figured from his boyhood until now had made any difference. He must endure this uncalculated event with the strength of (he could never have thought of this alone) that boyhood.
11.
Karyne did not wear an apron when she cooked (too confining), and she was very careful not to use flour milled from Alaskan wheat (too many pesticides). But she would use thirty of the forty-two grains called for in her “World Cuisine” recipe for breakfast muffins, which she baked three or four times, weekly, for herself.
This morning, as the muffins baked, she took a quick stroll about her herb garden, and when she returned the familiar aroma hung peacefully about the kitchen, reminding her of days when things were less complicated, and life was effortless. She pulled the hot tray from the oven rack and set it on the stove to cool. Then she kicked off her sandals (also too confining) to make the morning’s tea selection.
In another few minutes she took a sip from the ginseng and gingerroot blend she had steeped and removed a steaming muffin from one of the circular holes in the tray. Stopping by her small refrigerator for the yak butter, she finally sat at table, and froze.
A map had grown into the wood grain of the tabletop.
She had never seen it there before: a peculiar light from the adjacent window emphasized strange arrows, irregular polygons, subtle changes in the wood’s color. Karyne pushed the muffin aside, deep into what appeared to be a vast sea, while the tea steamed in the middle of a nearly circular continent. She looked into the center of that continent; it grew white, full of ice, snow—and sand.
But the sand, as she was drawn more deeply into it, was not pure. It was full of little ridges, black troughs, and crossroads. And soon she discovered, very faintly etched across dunes, the letters O, M, A, R.
This actually sent a chill down her rigid body, of the kind she hadn’t had in years. What could these letters mean?
Probably nothing. Nothing, that is, that might be of any consequence to anybody. But there, just under the peninsula that shielded a bay, was a woman’s face.
She wore a veil: neither white nor black, but of a color that shimmered like the tinted waves flowing over her. Her eyes were the color of trees, their pupils like chasms in eroded rock. A dark wave of hair brushed over her forehead like a cloud expanding over the horizon. As Karyne tilted her head and found new angles from which to see her, the woman flickered in and out of Karyne’s sight. Finally she was altogether lost. Karyne fell back against her chair and exhaled. Who had taken so much care with this design? Why?
An ice-capped promontory sparkled at her from under the shadow of the napkin holder. As she leaned closer again she began to feel despair, though she knew not why. The sparkles became more brilliant, joyously flashing over the pointed ice. And then, as if at the end of a sunset, the flashes almost disappeared, leaving sharp hilltops and chiseled edges where the ice had met violent water. Karyne felt an immense sadness now. She felt as if she had had a vision, and that it had tugged her in every emotional direction: as if she had just seen and felt another’s soul.
To her left now, at a corner of the table that lay just under the window, was a wide, white plain. But again, the longer she looked the more she could make out patterns in the white: gently curving lines, lines intersecting, compact rectangles and squares bordering the lines. What she saw was a map of Vydrino, spread right over the flattest part of the frozen continent.
“Novosibirsk!” she whispered.
She looked up, and out the window. The light had changed again. The first snowflakes she had seen in a long time were falling; behind them the sky was heavily white. The grain in the table no longer suggested anything to Karyne. It was an ancient table, full of oil stains, nicks, and chips. She had never even bothered to wash it.

Later in the day she took a walk. The August sun broke out again, showering the old village with new light. Karyne felt she knew Novosibirsk better now: the image of the town’s map, so completely and barely laid out for her on the kitchen table, had stayed with her.
But soon it was replaced with thoughts of her afternoon’s work. (Every day of hers was categorized into three parts: morning, afternoon, and evening; with three quests to fulfill, three blocks of time to spend doing research, writing essays, or reading correspondence.) The idea of taking a walk with no purpose was utterly unknown to Karyne.
This afternoon (it had been planned for a week) was to be spent editing a distant colleague’s writing for improper innuendos and wasteful subtleties, as well as old-style grammatical constructions that might be offensive to children and anyone who did not have command of the language. But first she must visit the supply store to get paper for her antiquated Script Communication Device (the newer SCDs used only voice). It would be a short walk, if walk she must during this previously allotted editing time. She decided to cut through a backyard, why not, in order to get to the supply store sooner.
This backyard was even more unkempt than hers: tall Siberian grasses drying under the sun, a few scattered piles of firewood housing hornets and mushroom groves, a compost box breaking open, and an abandoned birdhouse dangling from one nail on a post. Karyne wondered if the yard had been left unattended for a hundred years, its last keepers driven away by one of the nuclear catastrophes of the previous century, or one of its contained ethnic wars. Had it been the Uigurs who had claimed this territory? Or a tribe of Kazakhs? She must find the answer later that evening.
“Excuse me.”
Karyne jerked her head up like a startled chicken.
“Did you lose something?”
A man had appeared in the cottage’s doorway. A Uigur who managed to hang on to an ancestor’s spoils? Or were those the dark eyes of a Tibetan driven from China years ago?
“No. I haven’t lost anything,” Karyne shouted. Perhaps he didn’t speak English at all, and she would have to repeat her message with hand and face gestures.
“No (a hard shake of the head, with a frown), I haven’t (teeth showing) lost (hands up in the air) anything (He’s safe! sign).”
“Oh. Fine then. Good day.”
He disappeared.
Well, he certainly managed those couple of phrases quite well. But she was certain that the endless discriminations he had suffered—first at the hands of the Chinese, then the ignorant Siberians, and finally the cruel indifference of the rest of the world—must have given him a sensitivity that was uncommon. Certainly she didn’t share it. She decided to knock on his door.
“Excuse me?”
He appeared again, this time behind the screen, even darker (and more handsome) than she remembered him to be.
“Yes?”
“My name is Karyne Fugal. I live in number three, Wild Goose Lane. I just wanted to let you know that I understand what you are going through, living in this neofascist (he had never heard that word before) world of ours. I wish you could return to your homeland without the bitterness that we, myself included, have sown in you.”
“Please?”
“I mean, the ceremonial bells are ringing for you. Do not deny your ancestors for your contemporary grief.”
“I’m afraid I don’t understand what you are saying, Madame. My name is Omar Bengzi. I am from Egypt, and I am free to go there whenever I wish, which at the present time I do not.”
“Oh.”
“You will please excuse me now. I am finishing a project I have been working on.”
“What’s that?” asked Karyne, unaffected by her earlier misconceptions.
“Antarctic trade zones of the early twenty-first century.”
“Oh. That sounds very interesting. Actually I have to get back to my projects too. But it was very, very nice to have met you. See you around. Bye.”
Omar nodded politely and closed the door in her face. Karyne walked off wondering where she’d met this Omar before.

Kolya went flying about twenty-five feet above Wild Goose Lane, a grayish smudge in the air that must have appeared to be lost smoke from a distant backyard fire. But this wisp of smoke had a life, and direction, of its own; unaffected by wind or the whims of onlookers.

Karyne stood at the doorstep of her little, disorganized house, wondering why her focus had shifted, seeing something dark (a storm approaching?) from the corners of her vision. Her rotten wooden door was more brightly lit today, and a new stillness surrounded her: she pondered that name, OMAR, again, feeling the stillness and wondering if black smudges in the air meant she would soon be wearing glasses.
At last she triumphantly opened the door; the strange light and hints of darkness disappeared, and she felt more ready than ever to take an axe to her colleague’s paper, just as she’d planned.

Todd, however, had not really started out with a plan that day. Todd often let the day figure itself out, something a plebeian would rarely do, according to Todd. And, of course, anything a plebeian would rarely do was something Todd would most definitely do.
And so, having stood at his front doorway looking out over the grayish cottages of Novosibirsk, he decided to paint his doorframe in a rich royal theme—something with fleurs de lis, perfectly round roses, diamonds, stars, suns, fruit trees, walnuts, and stripes; making generous use of unconditional reds, pure purples, silver, gold, royal blue, and tangerine. There would be no other door frame like it in all of Novosibirsk, nor in all of the International Free Zone of Siberia for that matter. It did not matter that Todd had never painted a picture in his life. He began drawing with a soft pencil on the rotting, knotted wood, and by late morning the design had been laid out. The supply store (where Karyne had just bought the SCD paper) offered Todd a complete set of weather-resistant Polytone colors, but Todd preferred to buy the old-fashioned oils, which came in the traditional small tubes and gave him a sense of authenticity in this work.
After a brunch of currant-and-gooseberry jam on croissants, crow paté, and ginger broth, Todd cracked open the vermillion and began painting. He was pleased with his first strokes (now adding a little gold to highlight a rose) but annoyed by a deceptive host of flying insects which kept him swinging the paintbrush and scratching his cheek. It seemed that they disappeared from the corner of his eye every time he noticed their small flashes in the air.
He painted until mid-afternoon like this, swatting invisible insects and laying on one brilliant color after another.
Finally, he took a few steps back and surveyed his work. Yes, it was all turning out just as planned—even better. The large clusters of roses on both top corners of the frame contrasted nicely with the more geometric fleurs de lis running across the top and down the sides. Anyone entering would surely feel that this was no ordinary home, and that no ordinary person lived there. Narrow gold bars stretched doubly adjacent to the doorjamb, which would soon be transformed by this ongoing project.
A thin cloud passed over Todd, casting a delicate shadow over the bright colors, and when the shadow was gone his eye was drawn to a face that had appeared among the roses. He had not painted it, yet the face was unmistakably there: a child’s face, like the face of an angel on the ceiling of a Baroque church. But the face was the color of his roses. Had he painted it unknowingly? Or was this just one of the sun’s tricks?
He blinked. The face went away, but came back after his next blink. And this time the child was laughing, so convincingly that Todd could have sworn he’d heard its high-pitched, staccato giggle.
He moved closer, and new clouds of various sizes and intensities moved over him, with the sun intermittently breaking through. He watched the child’s face change again: this time it became older, the face of a young woman, fair and innocent. And on this innocent face Todd saw the mark of a woman who is carrying a child: the slight rose flush of her skin, the barely noticeable glint in her eyes, the closed and expressive lips. Todd looked deeply into that alluring face, representing feelings he had never known, and grew to know it, even as it changed again, very slowly, into a mature woman, but a woman without that childbearing look. This woman’s face contained other feelings: loss, withdrawal, bewilderment. And these new feelings met similar feelings inside Todd.
As his realization of these feelings grew deeper, like a hot iron thrust into his chest, he drew away from his rose-face painting, and stepped back into full sunlight. Another imperceptible insect buzzed around his nose, around to the back of his head, then lingered at the corner of his vision before disappearing completely, leaving Todd to refocus on his painting again: the fine, clear roses and fleurs de lis, the silver diamonds and blue stripes on a gold background. It was just as regal as he had imagined it, without an ounce of the plebeian sentiment he despised.
12.
In early autumn, having passed another delightful spring and miraculous summer in near solitude, the residents of Novosibirsk sometimes felt smug enough to have regular conversations with one another. Though never practiced for more than a couple of weeks, this habit progressed from year to year, until some actually decided to brave a delicate topic of discussion:

Todd awakened on such a day with a head full of dust, so much that he felt obligated to clean the house, as if that would also take care of the fuzziness inside him. On this day, having forgotten the night’s dreams, he was absolutely fed up with everything: this town, his suppressed life, the indifference of the world to the enlightened of Novosibirsk.
He opened the back door and, holding it open with his foot, swung around to let a rug full of dust open onto the yard. He gave it a methodical snap or two, and heard a hollow cough.
The dust had fallen on Elsa, who came begging for a tea bag. She tried to catch her breath, but she could only speak in gestures: a wave over her mouth, pointing to her beleaguered throat, and finally patting her stomach.
Todd’s first impulse was to wish he’d never met this deaf-mute; it was only a further unpleasantry in this tedious day of his. But she spoke:
“I was wondering if I might borrow a tea bag or two. I was about to sit down for tea, but found that I haven’t any. Do you speak English?”
“Quite well.”
“Well then, do you?”
“Yes. I am from an English-speaking country.”
“I see. I am not. But I meant, do you have the tea bag?”
“What kind?”
“Any kind will do.”
“I have a collection of very fine, the finest, teas. Chinese. Georgian. Thai. Indian. You’ll have to make a clearer choice, if tea is of any importance to you.”
“I only drink it from habit. In any case, I can go to another house if you would rather not lend me…”
“Wait.”
Todd disappeared from the doorway. Elsa heard a cabinet door open, then close. In another instant he reappeared in the doorway.
“Here, take these. But come around to the front door.”
He was gone again.
Elsa was quite perplexed by this strange behavior, but nevertheless made her way around the neatly trimmed hedges and flower garden to the front entrance of Todd’s cottage. Soon she would have her teabag, and be done with strange neighbors. But something told her to look up. Colors flashed at the corner of her eye. She stopped before the magnificent doorway Todd had painted, and found him standing there, looking down at her.
“Oh,” she said.
“Oh?” he replied.
“Oh,” she repeated. “My.”
“I painted it just recently. Do you recognize the motif?”
“I’m afraid I don’t”
“Are you Canadian?” Todd asked.
“No. I am Danish. My name is Elsa.” She extended her hand.
Todd had no choice now but to dethrone himself and step down to meet her.
“Todd Excelsior Darnet. Darnay. It’s French.”
“Excelsior?”
“Yes. Todd Excelsior. Two d’s.”
“Pleased to meet you. I am Elsa Helsingfor.”
Todd finally took her hand and squeezed it coolly. Elsa let it fall. She waited for him to invite her in, but nothing happened.
“So, thank you,” she said.
Todd realized at this moment that a kingdom was not viable unless there were subjects. Not that he felt he must be the ruler; he just wanted someone to acknowledge his artifacts, to enter into the kingdom.
“Come in, please,” he bade.
Elsa, on stepping up to the small landing, thought she saw a mirror hidden in the floral design of the door frame, but Todd was holding the door open, so she had to proceed, feeling slightly queazy about all the decorum. Elsa had always felt uneasy about decorum.
They walked directly into a room full of faded tapestries, but it was just this faded aspect that prevented Elsa from fleeing: if they were faded then they were dead, as was the period they represented.
Todd believed quite to the contrary. He had resurrected the tapestries, saved them from the German family in southern Russia that had wanted to get rid of them in favor of New Era hangings depicting more contemporary events. They did not represent an age that was dead for him; they allowed him to live in their age, to resurrect it.
“Why don’t we have the tea here?” he suggested. “It’s decent to get to know one’s neighbors, anyway.”
“I suppose it is,” Elsa said, a little quietly. “But I’m sorry—I can’t stay very long.” She now felt quite suffocated by the tapestries, with their weight of ancient tradition.
Todd was a tall man, with wavy dark hair always parted and patted into place. His steps, though full of confidence, seemed a little uncertain to Elsa. She liked that. She saw that his confidence had been planned; it was not entirely natural. She was suspicious of anyone who was naturally confident about everything.
When he returned with the silver tray, china cups, and porcelain teapot (18th c.), Elsa remembered that disastrous tea of hers, when she had forgotten to boil the water.
Todd could never do anything of the kind. His every move had been calculated, and calculated twice. He poured two perfect cups of sparkling amber tea, and followed by asking whether she preferred her tea white, with how many lumps of sugar?
“Two would be fine,” she said.
The tea entered her like a familiar old spirit, protecting her from uncertainty again, and fortifying her internal strength.
Todd drank inaudibly; she had to strain her senses to tell whether he was enjoying it. Perhaps he really didn’t enjoy anything, contrary to what he would have others believe.
 A cluttered moment passed, during which cups met saucers and a spoon fell to the floor.
This made Elsa feel at home, so she uttered something she wouldn’t have dared earlier:
“Funny—” She paused.
“Yes?”
“It’s funny. Todd, did you, have you ever felt anything unusual going on in your place?”
“For instance?”
“Oh, nothing. I don’t even know what I’m saying.”
“Yes?”
“It must be that these houses are so old. Things—excuse me?”
“Yes,” he interrupted, “I have.”
Todd had no idea how to continue this conversation. What on Earth were they talking about? But Elsa’s face told him he’d better get on with it, or risk another uncomfortable silence.
“Just the other day—I don’t know if this is what you’re talking about—but I saw a face in my painting near the doorway. And, I’ve just realized this, it was very similar to yours. It’s probably just a coincidence. Anyway, at first it seemed to be a child, and then it grew, and changed into an adult. A very attractive adult…”
His voice lightened. Elsa looked slightly downward:
“I see.”
She could not bear the uncertainty of this topic any longer. Instead of relating her own experiences she begged to leave. Todd, who had been lurching toward genuine interaction with another human, took a full turn and abruptly rose to show her to the door.
Elsa’s cup of tea sat steaming on Todd’s lacquered Chinese table for many hours after she’d left. He might even have said it felt warm the following day.
13.
It seemed, thought Nura, that they were more aware than she had imagined. Might they, some day, prove to be as curious about their surroundings, and others, as she and her contemporaries had been? But no, their roots were not well-grounded. They had not enough sense of who they were…
“Nonsense!” Zofiya interrupted. “And how grounded were you, Nura? Have you already forgotten where you were born?”
“Moscow, I grant thee. But I had Russian roots nonetheless. And if you care to see back further, on my mother’s mother’s side, you’ll notice that my kin have pocketed the Siberian earth for living centuries!”
Zofiya exuded a sense of matronly insouciance: Nura was a much younger ghost than she, and less experienced in grave matters.
“All right, Zofiya,” Nura related, but we still have something new to contend with here.”
“What’s that?” Zofiya responded.
“Why, the very idea that they might discern our presence!”
“Isn’t that what we want?
“Well, not really,” Nura returned. “It isn’t as much fun that way.”
“And is that our intention here, to have fun?”
“It doesn’t hurt,” Nura concluded.

A new wind blew in, one they’d never perceived before. It even shook the earthly trees, much to the old women’s surprise. What kind of a ghost could do that?
“Alexei?” they called.
“Kolya?” they entreated.
They intoned a few others, quieter members of their aerial gatherings, but there was no response.
There was only a sense of washed-out color around them, and an elusive but unmistakable presence. Certain ghosts, if their time had passed long ago, could not connect well with those who were more recently dead. They were like shadows of their ages—ages when Vydrino had been nothing more than a stop along an extended desert, or a brief settlement for nomads and wandering monks from distant lands.
Nura and Zofiya felt that this was such a ghost, and that its presence, so unexpected, might bring them in touch with deeper realities, and therefore more fruitful interactions with the new inhabitants of Vydrino.
They exchanged nothing of their perceptions about this new presence among themselves. They simply let feelings come, and then pass away, along with the ancient ghost, because neither could summon enough intention to enter into dialogue with it: they had been undeniably humbled, like a couple of ripe acorns blown off a tree.
And, instead of learning something more from him of their timeless art, they felt that their intentions with the new inhabitants of Vydrino would now be second to the intentions of this ancient and powerful, golden-and-red-robed ghost.
14.
With the publication of this letter I am ending my boycott of parsnips. I encourage you all to do the same. The Root Growers Association has decided to lift the child-bearing limit it had imposed on Ossetians, as well as its tacit encouragement of the new female infanticide in southern China. (You will note the incongruity of the policies.) The unstable Chinese government will not comment, of course, except to say that the Root Growers Association will be hosting their biennial convention there in 2084. I plan to attend, whether or not I will be welcome.
Go somewhere you are not welcome! Don’t let them get away with Masonic secrecy and condescending voodoo—be it at school, work, or your place of worship. The only secret we all share should be the knowledge that no one has the right to exclude others.
And neither do we have the right to exclude natural foods from our diets. How enthralled I am to be able to cook my borscht with turnips again! That, as you may or may not know, is the authentic way to make a borscht —beets did not make their way into the soup until much later. And the RGA, for all their good intentions, has failed to notify the consumers of this important bit of history! How can they expect to introduce cleaner eating habits to the citizens of our Regional Biospheric Growing Centers without first teaching them the important traditions they are faced with upholding? I confess that I still do add a beet or two to the soup, but only for coloring. The main flavor remains parsnip.
With my borscht I usually have a salad of fresh-frozen dandelions which I’ve defrosted and dressed with cider vinegar and bacon fat. Yes! Bacon fat! I use only time-tested ingredients. And I feel more in tune with the earth here. I have new strength and vigor, just as the earliest inhabitants of this town had. And just from honoring their eating traditions!
My back yard herb garden has tarragon, coriander, and parsley, along with a neverending supply of dill. I use them all as much as possible, on my wild thrushes and boar’s head as well as my breakfast eggs.
If any of you would like a copy of my recipe booklet (Back Woods Dishes of Ancient Siberia) I will be happy to SCD it to you. Otherwise, look around you, do some research and find out what your ancestors ate. Stop relying on the food councils to tell you what to buy and plant, or the “doctors” who tell you they know what’s good for you. All that is good for you is the knowledge that is deep in your bones. Rediscover it!

Wynnet, back in his main data discovery room, set his Total-fu sandwich on one of the monitors and mumbled an opening command. 
“Third update A.M. second Tuesday.”
The computer responded; its screen lightened and a normal series of boot-up images appeared in 3-D between Wynnet and the backdrop of greenish light.
Then something less normal appeared: Karyne’s Letter from Novosibirsk, in its entirety, and still growing line by line as she continued to write.
Wynnet neither knew nor cared to know who the author of this unwanted text was, though his eyes quickly scanned it for possible substance.
Nothing worth reading, he thought. And then his hands almost mechanically fell to the keyboard, where he typed the same thought.
Twenty-eight seconds passed.
An explosion of capital letters rocked the screen: WHO IS THE TWIT WHO JUST WROTE THAT!
Wynnet looked over his shoulder. His initial surprise was quickly tempered by intrigue, and his fingers automatically went for the keys again:
It was I. Your thesis of eating local ancient vegetables is totally without reason, and 45% lunatic. It would be counter-productive for me to finish reading it…
Maybe you’re the counterproductive thing. Narrow-minded? Closed to anyone’s reasoning but your own?
Is this by any chance that California-born root specialist?
What do you mean by that?
Nothing extra-sensory. It was a question, deserving of an answer.
Then I am. But I can do without the ancient paternalistic wisdom.
Not a bad vocabulary for a native Californian. I should enter your case into my ethnographic log. But first, may I ask whether you write your letters on InstaMail often? I can be reasonably sure that I would be satisfactorily entertained by their content on Mondays and Thursdays…
I do not write my letters on Instant Whatever, and I am certain I will never be able to entertain you!
I can tell you with absolute certainty that you are writing in InstaMail, and that your root pronouncements are entertaining to at least 62% of the world population, and possibly 70-77% on Saturdays. Currently this exchange is approaching nullity in data/entertainment harvest, so I will terminate it shortly.
Thank God.
Funny, thought Wynnet, she invokes deities. But he shouldn’t be thinking communally.
“Disengage.”

With his computer’s red light now gone back to steady green, Wynnet disengaged himself from the recent past, as he was often wont to do, and let a new barrage of facts compound the air between him and the holoscreen: comparative prices of the world’s most popular and recent models of Antigravity Recreational Vehicles (ARVs), the daily life schedule of an anonymous Asian from the current month’s most productive corner of the world (Lhasa), three perfect lima beans, and the world’s most beautiful (computer-elected) female face.
Wynnet took a hologram image dump of the face and distributed it over various corners of his home: the breakfast table, shower stall, data discovery chain, and daily necessity charts. Perhaps he’d masturbate under it at 10:29, just before his sleep commenced. (Last weeks’ most beautiful female face had been almost identical to this week’s, excepting that the subject was three weeks older.)

In the two-and-a-half minutes it took him to fall asleep, Wynnet threw a wad of tissue into the trash, called off the hologram dump, pulled up the sheet, gently folded his delicate hands over his stomach, and closed his eyes.
Kolya then entered his dreams.
After the two-and-a-half minutes had passed Wynnet was barely conscious, and just beginning to dream: there he was frolicking through a field of facts, picking radiant data charts and sniffing antique volumes of corporate profit. The sky was a jigsaw puzzle of numerical codes, influential dates, and holograms of his most memorable statistical discoveries, such as Lake Baikal’s nutritional value, the success of a campaign to minimize leisure time, and thirteen ways of looking at grass—his favorite plant.
But this sense of euphoria was abruptly cancelled for Wynnet when a strange but familiar perfume issued from the Healthy Hair chart he had just picked, and he recognized the scent as a shampoo that an acquaintance of his had used.
For Wynnet, all people were acquaintances. Since there were so many people, he had taken, since the age of 13, to labelling them—Acquaintances A03AAn70, 7BZ3–9, DM40.pk, and so on—according to an elaborate code system he had devised which designated such matters as time and place of acquaintance, positive or negative impact, color of hair and eyes, and length of acquaintance.
The shampoo in his dream had been worn by [(y)828.62]2, although he couldn’t for the life of him remember why she had been squared. He searched his memory, numerically then chronologically, and could not remember ever having squared another acquaintance, for whatever reason. And if he took the square root of [(y)828.62]2, no one else came to mind.
But that shampoo—a strange accord of cinnamon, rose, and camphor—seemed to blot out those luscious fields of unscented data, and the brightly-coded sky. He was lost in his senses, and frightened, so frightened that he woke up, in Todd’s bed.
Todd, however, was not in his bed. He had risen quite early that day to break down the doors of the post depot, where a package for him was waiting.
Wynnet, still sweating, did not quite notice where he was. Shampoo scented the inside of his nose with every breath, and he could taste it at the back of his throat. He began exhaling so forcefully that it had the effect of waking him even more; and now, with eyes wide open, he drew a silken quilt tightly up to his chin, and gasped.
The shampoo scent had been replaced by the scent of the silken quilt: woven of fine red silk from China, and infused with a potpourri of herbs and rose petals. In his crouching terror Wynnet then realized that the sheets were also of silk, and that the silken bed covers were teasing him into a new kind of comfort.
But soon, he thought, this dream within a dream will be over. He might as well hasten the process, get out of bed, wash, and pore over the daybreak figures.
His feet hit not the floor, but a pair of leather slippers that felt unbearably soft and, yes, even silky. On the way to the bathroom, wherever it was, he couldn’t help seeing the gold brocade that adorned every doorway, and the luster of the tiled and marbled floors, where Wynnet’s deep shadow lay.
So deep was Wynnet’s shadow, in fact, that it did not move. It stayed glued to the floor just in front of the gilded doorway that led to the bathroom, even as Wynnet continued walking through it, but stopped and turned back the moment he saw another shadow lying in the tub. Breathless again, he leaned against the bright, reflective doorframe and waved his arms in a circular motion, like a bird who doesn’t yet know how to fly. For he was trying to awaken the shadow stretched before him into motion. But it gave no response. Its position was one Wynnet recognized as the one he must have borne when he first noticed the unusual doorway. Considering, then, that he had given birth to it, he might as well try to unlock it, and let it get on with itself.
Awakening it with arm motions having failed, Wynnet turned to face the bathroom from the other side of the doorway. He planted his feet at the tips of the shadows’, and slowly raised his arms. But, upon twisting around, he saw that the shadow’s arms were not raised. Nothing had changed.
And then, with an outburst of determination that nearly made him self-conscious, Wynnet lay on the floor, directly on top of the shadow, hoping to pick it up and move it out of the way. After having situated himself there, however, Wynnet found the perspective agreeable, for now he saw the brightly-painted wood trim of the ceiling: a repetition of roses interspersed with lattices of blue and yellow bars, all outlined finely in silver. Indeed, he could actually smell the roses, as his eyes moved around the ceiling, from rose to rose to rose to…
“This is 100% lunatic,” he said aloud. “Not much of a dream anyway. I should be up soon if I stick to willful consciousness.”
He stood up, brushed off his pyjamas, and saw that the shadow was gone. Happy with the conclusion of that challenge, Wynnet went back into the bathroom, turned on the water, and whole-heartedly avoided looking at the shadow lying like a pampered diva in the tub. It was his will to take a bath, regardless of where his shadow now chose to rest.
With the water nearly filling the long porcelain basin, Wynnet stepped into a pool scented of orange rind, patchouli, and vanilla, among other things he had trouble distinguishing. Wynnet hadn’t bothered to procure anything so scented since his sixteenth birthday, when he secretly drove to a distant cosmetic shop to try out colognes in preparation for a formal dance. And now here he was, surrounded by a steamy, fragrant bath (because there was no shower), which he could only tolerate because he was in a dream, and it was difficult for him to keep things straight in dreams.
So he lay there smelling the orange—or lemon—and the musky afterscent (was it he?) amid new scents which were beginning to bring up other acquaintances from his past. Their numbers flickered dimly in his consciousness, until Todd came trodding through the bathroom door.
“Are you a ghost?” said Wynnet.
“What! Who are you? And what are you doing in my tub, with my favorite bath salts—all of them, at that!”
“You must know who I am. After all, it’s that way in dreams, isn’t it? People don’t introduce themselves in dreams, do they? They just know that sort of thing. Although I must confess, I don’t know who you are; however, I’m sure it will all soon be over. It’s not a bad place you have here, if you like…”
Todd threw Wynnet his pajamas.
“Please leave, now.”
“How can I? I don’t even know where I am."
Wynnet noticed that his left hand held a paper packet, torn at the corner, from which fragrant little beads fell into the water. He dropped the packet; it drowned and disappeared under the tinted water.
“I’m about to have my breakfast,” Todd announced. “I suppose you could join me before leaving.” He sensed another opportunity to show off his palace. “Do you prefer currant jam or marmalade?”
“A dab of butter is what I like,” Wynnet answered, his steaming body emerging from the bath. And then, as an afterthought: “But you should have known that.”

“Imagine,” Wynnet mumbled, “a grown man taking a bath. No wonder showers are more popular. They are more cost-effective.”
“Excuse me?” Todd enunciated. He abhorred mumbling.
“Nothing worth repeating. And by the way, do you think I could find my way home in a dream?”
“Why do you keep talking about dreams? Here we are having breakfast. These croissants are as real as chocolate syrup!”
“Yes, it’s funny, if I didn’t know I were dreaming, I’d think they were real. I’d think you were real as well—”
Wynnet stopped; Todd’s face had rapidly changed color.
“I.”
“Yes?”
Todd moved his head around like an owl, looking for light sources. A small shadow, like that of a child, now occupied the third dinette chair.
“Yes?” Wynnet repeated, then adding to himself, “Why bother?”
“But don’t you see it?” Todd hesitatingly asked.
“Of course I do. These things happen. It’s not real, and therefore of no consequence.”
“I’m beginning to think you’re of no consequence. Why don’t you leave, and take your extra shadow with you?”
“I thought you’d never ask. I’ve been wanting to get home. But I have no use for this shadow. Maybe you’d like it, to keep you company?”
They both looked to the chair, now empty and ungrayed, but felt a shade move across both their faces, leading them to the backyard door.
“You’re giving me the creeps,” Todd said.
Wynnet, in a rare show of emotion, got up an angry voice:
“I’m gone!”
He actually flew out the door, partly because he had been swept off his chair by Kolya’s shadow.

The way home for Wynnet was unfamiliar. The tree limbs had grown purple, and the snow bounced back a rainbow of shadows.
After Wild Goose Lane came spring: crocuses and daffodils marking out their captured territories of sun, Siberian iris raising their white and purple crowns beside the thawing ponds, and blushing peonies nodding by the roadside. Wynnet didn’t believe he would ever make it back for his morning stat report, but then he recognized the big tree that marked the turn onto his street, just ahead.
He looked down, then up. The tree had moved to the other side of the street. No, the shadow of the tree had moved to the…. No. That’s where the tree’s shadow was supposed to be. But he’d had enough of shadows, and re-awakened senses, and dreams. He very deliberately made the turn onto Poplar Street, his street, and followed a bee line to his cottage.
The cottage, however, was gone. In its place was a shadow of the cottage, with varying shades of gray marking out the windows, roof, and door. Wynnet reached for the shadow-handle, clenched his teeth, and opened the shadow-door. To his delight and surprise, the world had been restored to order: his home was just as he’d remembered it, and the CXR-2 terminal was blinking red, ready to transmit his first stat report of the day.
Too excited to breathe, Wynnet was at the terminal before he could remember walking. His eyes widened and registered the most exciting moment of the day. A hologram fired up like Moses’ burning bush.
“Excuse me, but I think you’re forgetting something.”
“Forgetting something?” Wynnet turned around. Todd sat cross-legged in his favorite armchair. Wynnet was mute, but expressionless. Finally he uttered:
“What are you doing here?”
“I’ve come to get my things. Heaven forbid they should end up in this scrap heap of a mess.”
“What things are they?”
“The ones in your pockets.”
“I don’t have anything in my pockets but a pen.”
“Come on. My emerald cuff links are missing, as well as my rose soap and crystal toothbrush.”
“You must be implying—”
Wynnet, as a matter of habit, had let his hands fall into his pants pockets. They were full of unknown objects. He took a hesitant look at Todd and then at his hands, which held the cuff links, the toothbrush, a small bottle of cologne, and a fleur-de-lis watch inlaid with 18th c. whalebone numerals.
Todd remained seated, but visibly shaken by the sight of someone else, especially this someone, fondling his objets.
“Damn you, drop them!”
The toothbrush crashed into the hardboard floor; the emeralds popped out of their cuff links, cologne spilled, and the watch splintered, ejecting three dainty arrowheads.
“Aaughhhh…” Todd moaned, dizzying and falling off the chair. Wynnet decided that the most sensible thing to do at this point was to go for a glass of water.
When he returned from the kitchen, Wynnet saw that Todd was not—really—there. That is, his shadow lay half-curled on the floor, like a map of Nova Scotia; but there was no sign of the body, Todd.
Nura, however, sat invisibly on Wynnet’s dusty and paper-piled mantelpiece, watching Wynnet’s face find a momentary expression, which it soon lost. She winked at Kolya, who hovered above one of Wynnet’s computer terminals. Wynnet shrugged, and stepped on Todd’s shadow on his way to the terminal. He checked the time and noted that he would have to catch up on only ten minutes of the morning’s report:
*Report delay 10 min.
*2nd delay of fiscal year, 3rd of Infoyear.
*A $17,117.32 tax was applied to second-year students enrolled in six-year universities worldwide to make up for billable time wasted on writing papers, 77% of which will never be read more than once (97% never more than twice).
*Citizens of the Third America District north of Costa Rica have voted to terminate pregnancies that will result in green-eyed children. A vote on whether to terminate pregnancies that are growing ethnically pure fetuses (a result of inbreeding) will be held on Thursday, at 9:33 a.m.
*A “phoenix” was removed from the Imperial Sculpture Garden in Vienna yesterday. Its sculptor will be blinded by tissue degeneration and banned from membership in the World Art Council. His children will undergo genetic restructuring to ensure that any inclination toward artistry will be obstructed.
*A rare crystal toothbrush worth over 300 mental fact-years (MFYs) has been discovered missing from the Asian Museum of Glass in Bangkok. A reward of ten years’ free Infoline service has been posted for its return.
*Your shadow is on backwards.
*Infoline terminated until tomorrow a.m.
“But I didn’t terminate!” Wynnet exclaimed, before turning around quickly to see whether his shadow was—but then all the room had turned to shadow: the computer terminals flashing gray lights within darker gray rectangles; the furniture newly flattened, two-dimensional; even the window frames flickering between dove gray and nothing. The soft light pouring into the room hit nothing and cast no shadow, for all its objects were already shadow. And as Wynnet passed by a dull, gray mirror he saw that he had no face, no clothes, no dimension that would give him any kind of depth. For he, too, had become nothing but shadow.
“Singular,” he muttered. But he was used to odd occurrences by now. He passed by the shadows of Kolya and Nura, side by side on the mantelpiece, and thought nothing of them. There is more to life than dreams, thought he, floating over the room like spilled mercury, on his way to the kitchen for his mid-morning snack.
15.
Kolya had been busy. His encounters with Wynnet and Omar left him feeling quite mature and experienced in the ways of ghosthood. But he preferred not to relate these feelings to the other ghosts, just yet. Rather, he would cherish them the way the living cherished their adolescent awakenings to the finer points of human experience, such as jealousy and love—things Kolya could only have dreamt about for eternity, never having experienced them while alive. But that too would soon change.
It was in the midst of these never-ending dreams that Kolya found himself when Nura summoned him to a gathering. Kolya stayed near her, but remained fixed in his imagination as the others shared their latest perceptions. Nura began:
“The soul of Omar has been presented to himself, in part, by Kolya. Wynnet and that monarchist, what’s his name, have also seen glimpses of themselves. And the one who had lost her children, from a Nordic land, has had a part of her soul charted too.”
“Let’s not forget that parts of them have been presented to each other,” Zofiya interrupted, “that they may dwell more in each other, as we do.” 
To this Alexei responded:
“Here, here. Three cheers to our young soul cartographer.”
Kolya was radiant, but kept on dreaming. “And maybe we can become more like them,” he privately mused. Nura, however, was too involved in her own thoughts to pick up his:
“I know our little Kolya is enjoying his encounters, but why should he have all the fun? We can all act together to make Vydrino as exciting a place as it was in our days.”
“I’m too old for such pranks,” Alexei returned.
“Now you’re talking like one of them,” she hurled back. “You know it only takes the slightest effort, old ghost.”
Zofiya commanded:
“Let each of us do what seems appropriate. Isn’t that the way with us?”
“Here, here,” Alexei agreed. “I’ll watch.”
Nura couldn’t resist: “Still a fool, after all this eternity…”

Elsa sat reading. She often read the lives of female saints (drawn by the suffering they endured) and imagined living in their distant times, wondering whether anyone in her time was really any different. Could she have been different? Could she have suffered so? Would she have been forgetful, or her mind work with more clarity, more purpose?
She might never have known what it meant to be a saint, though she did know what it meant to be excluded, because she had excluded herself. And for no apparent reason. She put her nose back on the scent of Saint Catherine of Siena, for involving herself in another life prevented the need of understanding hers.
But strangely, the more she tried to read, the less the book interested her. Instead she felt herself swimming through a flood of images from her past: images of her life as it was lived, and images of how she had planned her life to be.
Elsa had been a scientist. In the long days before coming to Novosibirsk she worked in a laboratory in Copenhagen, identifying early fetal malformations in spontaneously aborted tissue. She often collaborated with the genetic research team across the hall, and felt that she was doing something toward the perfection of humankind.
During those days Elsa was not aware of very much, except eating and her work. She knew that every minute counted, that she was in a race against the big, evil, ticking clock of nature. Nature had had her way for thousands upon thousands of years, destroying innocent babies and dashing the hopes of honest young couples. And they were all depending on Elsa to work their revenge.
So she worked, and then she became pregnant again. The unexpected death of her first baby had left her cold and uncertain about the fragility of life; this pregnancy put her into a deep freeze.
She continued working, but instead of saving all those innocent, anonymous parents she was saving herself. Her work grew more and more feverish: if anything should go wrong, she must know how to correct it. The dark winters of her homeland only encouraged longer hours in the lab. Helgje was gone; her old life was gone. All that was left was the pact she had made with herself. And after she had driven herself to inaction that too was gone. It was no wonder that she decided to make the new baby go away.
With everything gone, her exile had begun. She felt voluntarily and involuntarily detached from the world she had known, from her past, from life.
These thoughts recurred to her as she sat reading the life of Saint Catherine of Siena. She had run over the scenario many times in her mind since moving to Siberia. But never had she let her imagination go further: imagining how her second child may have looked.
She saw him, a boy, standing under the strong sun, his hair infused with its golden light. His eyes were fixed on hers, though the spirit that moved those eyes was lost. It was a spirit without a history: one never given over to time, with no Earthly memory. Elsa wanted to touch him; she reached out and felt his soft hair, like pale dandelions, and felt the contours of his puzzled face, and the light draining out of him, until all that was left of him was a translucent shadow in the air, a memory.
During the next two hours the sun set, and the room gradually lost its color. Elsa moved through the sitting room as if cutting through something unbearably light, as if she were walking right through him. She found her way to her bed and lay down, feeling that she had been intimate with another world, the world of her infant’s dreams.
16.
Omar awoke to a day of no maps. Usually there were maps in the cracks of his bedroom ceiling, maps underfoot in the wood grain of the floors, maps in the cracked porcelain tub. He moved through his house as if discovering new zones of the earth, until his work began, and he lost himself in redrawing them.
But today the light on his ceiling was bright and diffused, like the glare on a sandy beach. The floors had lost their character and become one, dull hue. Even the refrigerator—usually bursting with topography—seemed only an unappealing jumble of cartons, sloppy jars, and ill-preserved leftovers. Omar was bewildered, but not anxious. It must be an illness, something temporary, probably brought on by too much work.
He made himself a glass of tea, and went for a short walk down Wild Goose Lane, holding the silver handle carefully in front of him. He tried more than once to conjure up plans for new projects, but the fine day, the birds, the light clouds and tea told him nothing could be more important than his walk. Once or twice he caught the sunlight glinting off the filigreed work of the glass holder, lighting up the features of a face. But he did not heed it, or think it abnormal. Sunlight on fine days was apt to play such tricks.

To Elsa, also taking a little walk that morning down Wild Goose Lane, the sun seemed to turn every soaring bird white. Birds flew above and before her, as if leading the way; birds with rich, thick feathers that nearly sparkled. They gathered on dead branches and flew like lace over the sun, so that Elsa felt as if the late-summer world of Novosibirsk had been suddenly overcome by snow.
Omar’s glass holder sparkled white, too, and the birds that had encircled Elsa surrounded him; though he, too, was so completely overcome by the mood that he failed to see the spectacle clearly.
Then, as if all those birds had joined together, Elsa saw a pair of giant, ruffled wings descending before her, bringing a child down to Earth. It was the child of her daydreams, the boy with golden and silver hair, locking its eyes into hers. He fell closer and closer toward her, until they met, and Elsa fell to the ground.
Upon rising and brushing herself off, breathless, she found that the white world had disappeared. Before her now were the black eyes of Omar.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “I don’t really know what happened.”
“Neither do I,” Elsa answered, still blinking and regaining her balance. “But the sun is extraordinarily bright today.”
“Yes, it is.”
He noted the light in her eyes.
“I was just out for a little walk,” she said, unable to think of anything else to say.
Omar was even more intrigued by her blue eyes, so unlike those of his native people that he felt he had discovered a new aboriginal race of the earth.
“Why don’t we walk together?” he said.
She agreed, and felt safe under the tall shade of his body, the calm dark of his eyes. They walked until the sun became hot, and Omar’s cottage came near.
During the next couple of hours neither of them could quite believe what happened, for they ended up making love, both feeling a rushing-in sense of relief and freedom that ran counter to their ascetic days at Novosibirsk.
At the end of the afternoon Elsa walked home, down Wild Goose Lane again, and noted the heaviness of the dark leaves all around her. If there was any white fluttering, it came not from mysterious birds aloft in those trees, but from a place deep inside her. When she opened the door to her cottage she saw that everything was as she had left it: the opened book lying face down, cup of tea half-full on the end table, and light closed out by her heavy curtains.
She thought, “I’m home,” as if out of habit, waiting to see what voice from her past would answer her. But her answer was only the flickering shadow of a bird on the wooden floor, magnified by the cloth-covered window.

Eight and a half Earth-months later, Elsa and Omar were on their way to Lhasa. At first, Elsa did not want to go: Why venture away from Novosibirsk? If Omar needed to study the landscape, couldn’t he do it online, with the help of Wynnet’s hologram receivers? But Omar had decided that a short trip away from Novosibirsk might infuse their work with a new energy upon their return, and he felt he needed to see this landscape he was charting. It was very important to him. Since his requests (and needs) were very few, Elsa decided to honor this one. Her only reservation was that her due date was approaching. Omar, however, was not worried. Those dark, calm eyes reassured her once again. Lhasa’s birthing assistants were as good as any in the world.
Tibetan faces, even in her largest cities, still held secrets, secrets from a distant and purely agrarian time. They were not guarded secrets, Elsa felt; nor were the Tibetans reticent to give them up. But who but they could understand them?
Still, Elsa felt that she could understand something of these people and their secrets, for she had read them (she was now sure) on Omar’s face as well.

At the airport terminal they were met by one of the most beautiful young men Elsa had ever seen. His broadly triangular face contrasted with deep, round black eyes, thin coral lips and wandering, soft hair. It was no wonder he spoke in gently accented, calm and polite English. Even his movements were strong and tender, as if coordinated by some deep inner rhythm of his, one that was innocent of the troubles of the world.
He carried their bags to his sand-colored vehicle and lifted them to a cottage on the outskirts of that robustly contemporary city. The dwelling was of the post-occupation, “New Tibetan” type—built with an eye toward integrating a living space with all aspects of human life: religious imagination, toil, recreation, rest. A vaulted foyer gave way to the courtyard, whose centerpiece sculpture was an abstraction of divinity, colorful and reflective of flooding light. Around the courtyard were set stone benches and pots of fragrant herbs, as well as sand wells which held incense sticks.
Elsa and Omar, as anyone who entered such dwellings, walked toward the light of the courtyard, where they offered short prayers in silence. From the back of the courtyard a few steps dropped to a living area, where food was prepared and eaten, children played, and all communications devices found use. The living area gave way to a short, skylit hallway, which in turn led to other rooms of rest, relaxation, study, and play.
The library room, far in the back of the house and flanked by nothing save the open Tibetan air, overlooked a small gully filled with blue meconopsis, yellow impatiens, and woodland ferns. The room’s one window, large and single-paned, had a teakwood frame, as if holding an animated work of art. Elsa stood before the window as Omar scanned the multilingual volumes on the shelves.
She turned to say something, but found no words. Omar’s back was turned to her; he had found something to amuse him. So Elsa turned back to the window, and faintly felt her child move inside her. 

Kolya was born again at dawn the following day, in the room that offered Elsa a view of the library door, and even a sliver of its window. He peered out through filmy eyes and forgot all that he had been, for his life had been reawakened, passing this time into the hands of Elsa. As a ghost, Kolya had made a choice. For even in that existence, nothing was certain. He had felt that Elsa would help bring him a rich new life, though he did not know what that life would bring.
With the convergence of Elsa’s and Kolya’s spirits came a new power, and Elsa would be first to tap it.
She stood by that remarkable window again two days after Kolya’s rebirth, and felt that she had been tied to the earth again. She was again now responsible for one of its offspring: the cord that had been cut left the baby tied to her, and her to it. Omar took Kolya from her arms, and said: “What should we name him?”
“Kolya.”
“Kolya? Yes, that sounds fine. After all, he is a Russian baby, isn’t he?”
“And Tibetan.”
“Tibetan. I have a Tibetan child,” he said. “He will bring Tibet with us wherever we go.”
“That’s right.”
“It has always been one of my favorite places,” he said.
“Why?”
“I don’t know. Geographically, it’s interesting. And—”
“Yes?”
“And I think the landscape of a people is governed by the landscape they live by.”
They spent the following days in the library, in spite of the living area, though at times Omar found himself standing in the prayer courtyard, smiling and asking himself: “Why?”
While nursing the baby, Elsa sometimes poked into one of the many books surrounding her, and Omar sat reading ancient Arabian books in astronomy, alchemy, and mathematics, as well as English and Russian translations of Tibetan holy books. In one corner of the library a shelf supported the familiar volumes of Letters from Novosibirsk. Omar discovered them, and Elsa laughed to herself: they seemed so out of place. Omar found contributions that both of them had made; and while Omar was intent on reviewing his, Elsa cringed at the thought of reminding herself of those faraway convictions.
“Let’s take a walk in the garden,” she said, reminding him that he had come to Tibet to survey its landscape.
“You know, Elsa, this map I published—the first—was the best. I doubt I could come up with it now.”
“Hmm.” She was half-listening, and not at all concerned.
“Come on,” she repeated. “Let’s go. The sun is out. And it will be good for Kolya.”

The world on the other side of the window did not bear much resemblance to its counterpart. From the library this garden, though vibrant and animated, bore the quiet of glass over it. And with that quiet came not the garden itself, but a portrait of secrets and emblems. The red-speckled yellow impatiens on their long stems had aroused feelings of contained excitement in Elsa, just as did pictures from her childhood. The blue meconopsis swayed in the hollow spaces of her heart—reminding her that there were things, like Himalayan flowers, that she had never known in the world. The fine evergreens and long ferns became the backdrop for musing about her first love, so much did they remind her of the Danish woods.
But out in the garden, on the other side, with Omar and Kolya, she had new senses to contend with: sounds and smells and textures that enveloped her, and filled her with so much of the bared Earth that she could not retain a discriminating, or meditative, faculty. With her was the deep memory of Kolya’s birth, of her own participation in the flowering of life. The iron scent of her blood mingled with the damp earth’s, and drew her down until she felt that there had never been another home for her but this garden.

After they had returned to Novosibirsk she took a renewed interest in gardening. She tidied up her cottage and felt a new energy swelling inside her. She tended her house and garden as well as she tended Kolya, and her contributions to Letters from Novosibirsk came to a categorical halt.
17.
Wynnet was indecisive.
In spite of his dysfunctional dreams, he had never felt this way. Wynnet always knew what he thought, what to do, and how to do it.
But now his convictions could no longer be justified. For his life had found paradise in Novosibirsk, and now that paradise was broken. If he were forced to return to a previous way of life, how could he continue taking everything he’d worked for for granted? The only decisive thing left for him to do was to take action to preserve Novosibirsk as he had come to know it. Thus the following letter:

In this my fiftieth contribution to L. from S. I will write of life here in Novosibirsk.
This is the most necessary letter I’ve written from Novosibirsk, because in it I will call for help in supporting a colony whose ideals are declining on a >45° slope.
A child has been discovered here. And worse, its mother (and 82%-chance father) are current residents, alongside inhabitants such as myself who have not interrupted our work with such self-indulgent pettiness.
My monitors report no professional activity in the dacha of Elsa Helsingfor, and significant reduction of activity in the dacha of Omar Bengzi, the cartographer.
I have already contacted lay-based LOS organizations globally to scout for worthy replacements of these two. I expect listings of candidates to begin arriving tomorrow morning at 9:30 N.S.T.
If you believe, as I do, that the fate of our planet lies in the heart of Novosibirsk, then do support the immediate removal of Elsa Helsingfor, Omar Bengzi, and their offspring.

So tidily, Wynnet scanned the letter he had just written. He stood ready to disseminate it electronically, worldwide. But much to his horror he noticed a ghastly typo—quite unusual in Wynnet’s letters. He scrolled down to the affected line, highlighted the word heart and replaced it (by voice instruction) with mind.
The sentence then read: …the fate of our planet lies in the heart of Novosibirsk…!
The computer had not responded to Wynnet’s shaken voice, which, if he had tried again, would have been markedly more shaken. So he decided (after vowing to sell his stock in the voice mail company) to try his hand at the archaic art of typing.
After consulting the manual to rediscover how to unearth the simulated keyboard mat, Wynnet highlighted that nasty word again, and very carefully (looking only at the mat) entered the letters M-I-N-D. But upon looking up he noticed that the whole sentence has been rearranged, edited, and provided with new terms. It now read:
Keep in mind, as I do, that the fate of ourselves lies in the heart of Novosibirsk, and the removal of all elements of being that are not ancient and familiar.
Wynnet jumped up, slapped his cheek, and hollered. The world did not change.
But the computer recorded this latest sonic input. It read:
Ahhhhhhhhwwwwwrrrrh!
Wynnet now stood immobile, as if vanquished, all expression drained from his hitherto predictable face. Such emotion Wynnet hadn’t felt for decades, and he quietly gathered his logic to prepare for the next round of battle: he would not be defeated by a defective lump of machinery. And he would not let this episode interfere with his efforts to restore Novosibirsk back to its flawless intellectual sanctity. Ready now to voice a continuation of his important letter, Wynnet cleared his throat, stepped forward, and—
A letter from a faraway land can make sense only to one who is faraway in his heart.
“Scoundrel! Who told you to register that?”
No response.
“Now listen. Delete last line and continue letter as follows:”
It is the mind of Novosibirsk, and the mind only, that sustains the most ornate intellectual quacks of this or any century…

Seconds later, Wynnet’s hitherto favorite voice-command computer lay in an unrecognizable heap on the floor. He had smashed it first with a log from the hearth, and then with the blunt end of the poker. But it was not enough for him to see it jumbled there: soon random logic boards, memory chips, and bits of circuit and chassis were flying about the room, propelled first by Wynnet’s enraged hands, and then by the wits of Nura, who sat on the mantel feeling quite pleased and satisfied with herself.
18.
As little Kolya stepped gently around the room, holding on to armchairs and table tops, he often fell sideways or backwards into a guarding hand, a hand that was not Elsa’s.
Nor was it Omar’s. The hand that caught Kolya was invisible; it belonged to Rimpon. Rimpon patted Kolya along, lifting him over little bumps in the rug and rolling toys out of harm’s way. Kolya, of course, felt no extraordinary presence, and came to expect the slight tugs and pulls as naturally as if every child had known them. Elsa felt that Kolya was somehow being protected, but she attributed it to fate: something about her son spoke of a lighted and distinguished future, so much that she did not allow herself to think about it very long, lest she become fearful and overly protective. Omar saw Kolya’s first steps as markers for a rough topography; he imagined the plains and mountain ranges Kolya delineated, and was reminded of where Kolya had been born.
Now the others in Novosibirsk had caught wind of this latest arrival of the past year, but most had stuck to their entrenched work routines. Only Wynnet had made an attempt to address the burning question (What use was there for a child, and its parents, in Novosibirsk?), an effort that had brought little reward.
But one day, it was inevitable, Todd ran out of baby oil, and could not bear the thought of little wrinkles and scaly skin compromising his blue-blood appearance. So he was reduced to begging from “the child-rearing couple” for a product that was not always available at the town depot.
As he raised his hand to knock, the door simply opened, and Todd was met by Kolya.
“Excuse me,” Todd said, politely and correctly disregarding the toddler. “Is anyone home?” he commanded.
Kolya mumbled earnestly, and carried on with his playing. Soon, however, Elsa appeared.
“Hello?”
“Yes. I’m Todd Darnet from a couple of doors down the—”
“Yes. We’ve met.”
“Oh, that’s right, isn’t it? I wonder if by any chance you should have some baby oil that I could borrow.”
“Of course we do. Sit down. Would you like some tea?”
“No. Baby oil would be fine.”
“I see. I’ll be back in a moment.”
Todd had one foot in the doorway, never allowing the slightest deviation from his mission, which should have been over by now. But Elsa was taking too long in producing the baby oil, and Omar had since chanced to enter the living room by the back door.
“Hello. I’m Omar. Nice to meet you. Is there anything you need?”
“Just baby oil. It’s already being taken care of by your—by his mother.”
“Oh, so you’ve met our son.”
“He let me in.”
“Yes, he is quite forward for his age. Just like a little prince.”
Omar smiled widely, giving Todd a view of his uncommonly full mouth of teeth.
“Exceptional teeth,” Todd remarked.
“I’m sorry?”
Kolya interrupted, giving Todd’s pants a tug and holding up a small jar with its unscrewed lid.
“He wants you to screw it back on,” Omar said.
Todd obliged, but still kept the foot in the doorway.
“Here,” he said, returning the jar to the child.
Kolya took it and carried it over (stumbling once or twice) to include in a collection of lidded objects.
“He always knows exactly what he wants,” said Omar.
“Here it is,” Elsa cheerily remarked, having rejoined them. “Take the rest of the bottle. We have plenty. Do you have a little visitor at your house?”
Todd flushed scarlet, then white.
“I don’t think so.” He accepted the bottle slowly, his hand shaking a bit. “Thank you very much.”

Since the rather long incident with Wynnet, Todd had had very few visitors in his cottage. But Elsa’s words had reminded him of a time (not so distant) when he had almost expected strange feelings to overcome him, feelings that shattered his isolation with the illusion that there were others nearby.
And, if he had to name it, he would have said that it had been the presence of a child. No, there were no little visitors in his home, he must convince himself.
He must convince himself that his own life had purpose. For didn’t he know how to make society work again? Didn’t he know what it needed? If only he could convince them further—those letters of his were not enough. If a monarchy were to be restored, he must do the restoring, not just write about it. If only…
Thoughts of children he had known came to him as he neared sleep: school friends, his siblings’ kids, young faces he had seen on holovision. Was there a young monarch among them, waiting to be enthroned?
Why not enthrone the little prince of Novosibirsk?
The little prince of Novosibirsk.
Yes. The one who will awaken them. The one who has already changed our way of life.
Our?
Much as it needed to be changed…
The voices!
Todd opened his eyes, turned on a lamp, and waited for the voice to stop. There must not be voices again. For they were making him lose control. They were thinking for him; they were feeling for him. Had his life lost so much force, that it must be directed by—by what?
The little prince is waiting. We are all waiting, too. Waiting for him. Waiting for you.
If only the voices were sometimes wrong. He would not be compelled to listen to them.
“Good night,” Todd said aloud.
Good night, Alexei whispered, an old ghost who dropped roughly through the air, like an old season’s wind caught between doors.
19.
As Todd walked in a dreamlike gait toward the little prince’s house he was overtaken by Karyne, who stomped forward like an angry bull.
“Excuse me,” Todd offered.
“Yes,” she said, barely slowing.
“Lovely day.”
“I don’t think so. A day is only as lovely as the consciences that support it!”
“Mine is free today. And yours?”
Her glance was like that of a shooting star.
“No one at Novosibirsk has a free conscience. If you do, you don’t belong here.” She stopped, and stared coldly at him, as if to challenge a response. But Todd had no response for such a pedestrian dialogue, except to say:
“I do hope you are able to free yourself up and relax a bit.”
“All right!” she exploded. “I tell you! Your life is in danger!”
“Excuse me?”
“Your holistic base! Your raison d’être is being challenged. None of us here at the earth’s only mecca for responsible intelligence is safe. Our very fabric is unravelling.”
“Why?”
“Because in that house (she pointed) there lives a reckless, selfish little beast who is draining the life-supporting energy from our community!”
“But—”
“And I am going there to declare our intent to remove him from Novosibirsk.”
“This beast has a gender?”
“It is a human child. Of course it has gender.”
“Oh,” Todd reflects. “But wait. You’re not speaking of Kolya, the little prince?”
“By whatever name or affectation, there is only one.”
“My God.”
Todd sprinted off ahead of the briskly-moving Karyne, leaving her a little bit confused (but mostly offended) in his wake.

There was no air station at Novosibirsk, no Ground Vehicle station, functioning railroad station, nor snowmobile stop. There was, however, a road that led to Novosibirsk, though it was often clogged with geese, rabbits, pheasants, wolves—even a cow or two. No one else used it much.
But Nura and Zofiya—often in good league with animals—had succeeded in clearing the way for a GV-load of newcomers to Novosibirsk, newcomers they would artfully manage to interview before their (uncertain) arrival.
It was not that they objected to having a new face or two in the arena; on the contrary, they welcomed Wynnet’s efforts to recruit brave new souls to relinquish the comforts of society while forging a new world constitution. But they would have the final say on who would arrive, and who would not. And of course, changing the course of lives had come to be a specialty of the two gleeful ghosts. So what if Wynnet didn’t get exactly what he’d sent for?

Very near the front of the vehicle, just behind the robotic driver, sat Walidah, a genetic purebred (of her own definition). She was as black as the leopards’ spots, though her skin was without interruption: her color ran pure from her wrists to her heels. She did not tolerate moles, age spots, pimples, or any other form of epidermal impurity. She had traced her ancestry back at least thirty generations, using DNA mapping of her ancestors’ bones, and a little imagination. There had never been a better-tempered, more beautiful, intelligent, and resourceful character than herself (she would tell you) simply because her genes weren’t “confused.” Tired of living among the mongrels of the third millennium, she would settle to make her home where at least she would find “purebreds of the intellect” if not more genuine physical thoroughbreds like herself.
Sitting a safe distance behind Walidah was Orlin, a street sweeper from New Central Slavia. His great grandfather, whom he had not had occasion to know, was one of the last street sweepers known to the world. Having garnered his skills in the closing days of the socialist era, the old man was revered by many for his single-handed snow removal techniques, as well as branch-piling and summer soot consolidation. Orlin, from the day he had seen his ancestor’s focused eyes on video, resolved himself to reviving the art, hoping it would focus his own meaningless life. He brought nothing with him to Novosibirsk this day but the clothes on his back, a shovel, and a broom.
Then there was Salamander, the martial arts enthusiast who could slither away from any threatening situation, and who now preferred to permanently slither away from people altogether.
Among the others, another notable character was Clea, the transparentist; she lived for nothing but sunlight, living only in glass houses, wearing transparent clothes, and believing that everything about one’s character should be revealed immediately—that it was detrimental and morally unsound to withhold or hide any aspect of oneself. Also remarkable was Az, the unnaturalist. According to him, nature was always suspect, and should be ignored completely, its only pursuit being death.
Of these (and some others), our matronly spirits decided that Walidah, Orlin, and Az should be duly admitted to the closed society of their Earthly resting place. The others in the vehicle happened to lose their way in the woods during a rest stop, never to return to the GV, or to civilization for that matter; though they were not unhappy about this, and believed they had found what they were looking for.
Walidah, Orlin, and Az, however, did make it to Novosibirsk, though in a somewhat altered form.
20.
The three newcomers descended from their vehicle and let its door shut behind them. They began walking, out of step and generally ignoring one another, toward the first row of abandoned dachas in view, as the GV spun around and whirred back to its Mongolian airport stop.
Winter had made its usual early appearance in New Siberia, and they could not help noticing the work of a resident ice sculptor: figures that were half-molded from the sparkling element, though encased in thick, clear layers that distorted with magnification and prismatic color. In one a woman half-knelt, her hands pressed to the ice casing, mouth open, eyes alert and playful, and hair—yes, hair—carved generously and flying about as if caught in a breeze. Walidah walked up to the sculpture and touched it; her fingers stuck fast to the ice, and she felt all at once removed from the new surroundings, so captivated by the icy woman’s dark eyes. Meanwhile, Orlin, while carrying away a couple of fine snow lumps to clear the way, ran up against an iceman as old and hoary as one of Siberia’s ancient settlers: his gaze was the gaze of radial crystals, his pupils merely a lesser shade of white. His stance, gesture, and facial expression with its burden of history all pointed to those ancient, frozen eyes. Old Orlin admired the work and turned away to further clear the path, not knowing that he had been seen and understood clearly for the first time.
Az took another gulp from his portable vodka dispenser (cursing the weather as always) and stopped to light an Afghan opium cigar. As he brought the lighter up to his face, another light competed with it: the laser gleam of Zofiya’s round face, full of pride and aggressive motherhood. She had set herself inside the least symmetrical ice block, and more colors flashed from her than from any of the other appearing ghosts.
Walidah and Orlin had walked on ahead, and soon Az, trailing behind, heard the heavy puffing of Wynnet approaching.
“Az?”
“Yeah.” He held out a hand.
“Wynnet Lee welcome nice to meet you how was your trip.”
“Not so great. But glad to be here. Cigar?”
“No. Mid-morning update reports that surveillance indicates guests cited at the offender’s household.”
“What?”
“First N.P.C. meeting at two-thirty-five p.m. today, in my house twelve Wild Goose Lane. Data provided.”
Wynnet smiled for 1.5 seconds and continued on to the next order of business for the day: his seventeen-minute exercise. A recent study indicated that fifteen minutes of exercise daily provided the optimum health benefit, and that more than thirty minutes daily might incur damage. Wynnet, therefore, had decided to exercise two minutes longer than optimum duration, because he believed that those two minutes would give him an evolutionary, and yes, psychological, advantage over other human creatures. The walk back to his cottage would take four minutes and thirty-eight seconds, which would be followed by twenty-two seconds of isosthenics….
Az had found a place out of the sun to finally light his cigar, and momentarily he felt none of the Siberian chill; neither did he remember having met Wynnet, or why he was there, or what he ate for breakfast that day (or how he came to be known as Az for that matter). All he knew was that it must be lunch time, for his stomach gurgled, and the dacha he was now passing emanated an aroma of something sweet and delicious. He could not help but follow it to the door.
But before he reached it, he was nearly knocked out by Todd, who had finally made his own way to Elsa’s.  Todd raised his hand to knock, but before he could the door opened: little Kolya stood before them.
“Heh-woh.”
“Hello Your Majesty. Still safe in the serfs’ hands, I see.”
“Who is it?” Elsa said softly.
“Todd. You know, the baby oil—.”
“Come in. Do you need a refill?”
“Not quite. I’ve come on important business.”
“Oh? We were just about to have a snack. I never repaid you for that tea we had together, remember? Would you and your friend care to join us?”
“My friend?”
Az scratched his leg and tried to refocus his eyes, the cigar butt hanging from his mouth.
Todd turned around:
“Who are you?”
“Az. Nice to meet you too.” He looked up at Elsa. “I’d be happy to accept your offer.” He was through the doorway before Todd, who found the man more than somewhat revolting.
“Where are you from?” Elsa asked Az, as Todd stepped in behind him.
“Nowhere in particular.”
“And your ethnic origin?”
“Lebanese, Chinese, Afghan, Somali, French, English, Yakut, and Kurd, I think. I didn’t know some of my grandparents, so a lot of it is hearsay.”
“And Russian?”
“Oh yes, I forgot that one. Or was it that we lived in Vladivostok for a while? I forget. Anyway, is that Thai tea I smell?”
“Yes, we like it.”
“Then I’ve come to a house of good taste—”
“Excuse me,” Todd interrupted. “I’ve come on important business. It seems that there is a —”
“Stop!”
A new personage appeared in the doorway, a severe-looking woman whom Elsa seemed to remember having passed on the street once or twice. Her hair looked like a fifty-year-old eagle’s nest; her eyes shot with a fervor Elsa had never seen before, their once blue-green now threaded with silver and amber. She shouted:
“We will NOT ALLOW HIM TO DESTROY US!”
And before anyone could blink, she was gone, her ghostly presence vanished, as if all that had been known of her was her voice.
For a moment they had to reflect: Who was destroying whom? But alas, Todd spoke up:
“It was she.”
“Who?” said Elsa.
“The one I came to warn you about. Where is His Majesty?”
“Who?” she said again.
“Listen to me, dear Elsa.” He assumed a pedagogical stance—chest raised, voice tucked in, eyebrows aloof:
“You are certainly familiar with my contributory articles to Letters from Novosibirsk, but I will allow myself a brief capitulation here, in order to clear the air for the ascension of our savior. You and Omar Bengzi have conceived a son in a town where such things are considered improbable, if not even (as one morose soul has just reminded us) destructive. It has been revealed to me, however, by means of which I am not quite certain, that this child shall restore the monarchy to our mini-state, and thence, hopefully, to the world. Our salvation from the dregs of democracy is near. We shall be elevated in spirit once again…”
At this point Az’s stomach was heard.
“But Todd,” Elsa interjected. “Remember the English monarchy, which is teetering on the edge of survival. Certainly very few can think of a reason to support it.”
“Yes, and your own Danish version, I suppose you would add.”
“That’s correct.”
“But these had devolved into nothing more than a shadow in the minds of those democratically-minded subjects, a dim hope they had wisely clung to, but ultimately let fail.”
Az found his own way to the pantry. Kolya had found a lovely old shoe to stomp around in.
“But he’s so little,” Elsa reflected aloud. “Such a burden to place on him already! I feel I should protect him. After all, I brought him into this world. What right does anyone else have to decide his future?”
“Indeed,” Todd returned, “what right have you? Or little Kolya himself for that matter? Certain things will come to pass, whether we decide them or not.” He paused, and caught her eyes. “Believe me, the time has come.”
Elsa grew quiet. Az’s crunching was all that could be heard. It seemed that no one would take the next move. But the quiet was soon broken by footsteps. Omar approached the door.

The ensuing conversation was watched diligently by Alexei, Nura, and Zofiya, who presented themselves invisibly on the mantel. What they heard was Todd repeating his homily to Kolya’s father, and Kolya’s father showing very little reaction. Todd believed he had won Omar’s support, but Omar was too busy trying to reconnect all the facts and topography he had ever known about the former United States of America, in hopes of understanding what could have produced such a character.
“I take it from your reserved response that you are in agreement with me on this?” Todd asked.
“It would be difficult to refute,” Omar answered. “Who among us would not want his son to be king?” He reflected for a moment, then added: “From a king’s point of view the earth would look different.”
And so would Novosibirsk.
“Excuse me?” Todd turned to Elsa.
“Nothing.”

Kolya had taken to Az; they sat together on the hearth rug, rolling an antique wooden truck back and forth to one another. Todd excused himself and headed home, misty-eyed with rapture at the thought of his dream come true.
A few cottages down the lane there sat another misty-eyed inhabitant of Novosibirsk: Wynnet, whose plans to bring new vigor to the ranks of the community had unpleasantly backfired.
Walidah and Orlin had taken up residence in Wynnet’s house, and he had already seen enough to indicate that he might not have invited the right people. For Orlin would barely speak to him, and Walidah’s nose was so high in the air she could not make eye contact. How should they be able to help him organize the revolt? It might be best to call on Karyne, the only other true believer in town.
He walked deliberately to the door and, without looking up, opened it, stepping right into Orlin.
“Excuse me, sir.”
“Yes.”
“Your front walk needed weeding, dusting, washing, and some mending. I’ll be happy to set you up on schedule, sir, if that would make it easier for you.”
“Easier for what?”
“Maintaining.”
“I don’t maintain walkways. I just walk on them. Have you seen the woman?”
“Walidah, sir. She’s taking a nap, I believe.”
“When she wakes, tell her there will be a meeting at four-thirty-seven.”
Wynnet walked past Orlin and bore right on Wild Goose Lane. Orlin finished the last stroke of his third horizontal sweep of the walk and carried his broom with him back to his room inside. Before ascending the stairs, however, he heard a voice:
What good is a swept walkway in front of a house full of clutter!
Orlin reflected for a moment, and said:
“I don’t know.”
The interior of Wynnet’s house certainly looked different to him now. Never having considered interiors before, the dilapidated mess before him stirred deep feelings of enthusiasm for transferring his exterior sweeping professionalism to the inside. He hardly knew where to begin.
21.
This may be my last contribution to the Journal; I have less and less time to think, and even less time to write. Or, rather, I am thinking too much. I am continually writing new articles in my head as I perform the thousand household chores I must tend to daily. And instead of struggling over words, I let them come freely, so freely that they make me stop to catch my breath, when I am not stopping to catch Kolya! I never thought that my life would be a living diary, that words could fill a day the way philosophers fill textbooks.
I no longer consider myself the Nun of Novosibirsk. I have a family now, and friends. The light on my breakfast table does not intrude and give me a cruel greeting to a world that is full of darkness; rather, that light gives me the time I need to caress my child, to take in the curls on his father’s neck, to throw the shutters open even wider and let as much of what’s out there enter into my home. I’ll take the good and the bad, the enlightened and the ignorant, the jaded and the sentimental, for now I recognize that they are what keep me in balance, and tied to the world community. I recognize a point of myself—a time and place—in every one, in my reflections of past acquaintances as well as in every new face I meet.
There can be nothing like being loved. If one can be loved, why forego the honor, the pleasure, the miracle? On your worst days, you will be loved the same; on your best days you will be praying with every step.
I have lost two children, and at one time I could not imagine that loss receding. I had thought I must be defined only by my loss, that it must be etched in my skin, on my eyes. But now my teacher is a child, a child of mine. I will know him completely, as much as I can, and I will never know him at all. His life is mystery; his heartbeat, hands, first words, glances—these tell me every day that I am a part of the mystery too. I am a part of it. I do not view it, contain it, tolerate it, and define it; unless I view, contain, tolerate, and define myself.
If I leave Novosibirsk, it will not matter where I go, or who I will meet. It will not matter what anyone is thinking, or what I think about what they are thinking. It will only matter that I know that the light of awakening is a good light, one not to be avoided, but bathed in, daily.

Rimpon had called together many of the most brilliant days to pour light onto Elsa’s house. A cone of brilliance illuminated the wood shingle roof, defined leaves of grass as they bowed to winter, caught flying bits of snow circulating near her windows. Rimpon did not wish anything that might be ostentatious to be bestowed on Kolya; the riches he would guide there would be his riches, the ancient and immeasurable riches of the spirit. The light he directed to Kolya’s eyes would begin his apprenticeship, even before the living could reach him with words.

Nura saw a storm brewing, and she was very excited about it. The others had noted it too, but with less enthusiasm: life had given them storms enough, and it could be considered bothersome to endure them after death. Nura, however, in her singular way, was able to paint a lively picture of the future for them. “We have a stake in this,” she impressed on them, “for without us the whole pot will fizzle, and anything we’ve done so far will amount to nothing.”
“Amount?” Zofiya entered. “Listen to her. She’s even stooped to conveying life concepts to persuade us to take a greater role in this play.”
Then Alexei tuned up:
“Perhaps you are underestimating our role, Zofiya. After all, will we be driven out of our Earthland by this town’s newer ghosts? If we do not prevail now, we never will. The life concept of time will conquer us in its unpredictable manner. The newest inhabitants of Vydrino will bring their unguided souls along with them after they die, and they will be in direct conflict with us, unless we make them see first that life has a way that must be followed, a way that connects them to them and them to us—”
“Oh, how I miss our dear little Kolya!” Nura interrupted.
“Yes,” Alexei agreed, “and we wish him to be with us again, in the same way, the same Kolya we knew. It is our duty to be here to accept him when Earth releases him to us again. We shall not be changed…”
Zofiya, slowly and somberly, added: “Then let us begin our work, with more purpose than we have ever known, to save Vydrino for eternity.”
“For eternity,” thought everyone.
22.
“You’re a nice little specimen.”
Walidah peeked in through the doorway.
“Such pure eyes, and a steady gaze. And hair that shows no trace of confusion. I’d have to trace you to the Balkans—or no, perhaps the Pyrenees, though I wish you were native to Mediterranean Africa, so I could claim you to my continent.”
Kolya’s clear brown eyes saw past her to a kitten that had just entered the yard.
“And I see from your eye movements that you are intelligent. In that case you must be African. Specimens like you are hard to find. How was your family able to maintain its lineage?”
“Nn. Aw-oh.”
Now Walidah had really been knocked breathless. Not only had this child’s lineage endured untarnished, but his family had kept alive its ancient tongue. Kolya pointed again to the cat, which stepped gingerly up the walk behind Walidah, and passed her on its way into the house. Kolya had taken an early liking to Walidah, and began running back and forth in the living room, as if to entice her inside.
At one glance she could tell that the child had been adopted: there was no order to the decor, no purity in its emphasis. Furthermore, the child’s strange behavior and secretive glances told her it was confused, robbed of its ancestral birthright to be with those of its own kind. She must rescue him from a wretched and spoiling future.
“Come to Walidah, little one. We’ll have to try for better than this.”
She took his hand and he walked happily out the door with her.
“You’ll thank the gods I’ve saved you someday. But go ahead, speak in your own tongue. Let that ancient blood boil up in you, and burn the impurities you’ve been exposed to away.”
“N. Gaw-mmh?”
“I think the first thing we’ll have to do is purify your soul. My chanting will drive those unclean people out of you forever. Tomorrow you’ll be born again, little one, and your people will be singing with me when they find you are coming back to them.”
Soon after arriving at Wynnet’s house, which had been newly renovated by Orlin, Walidah took a seat in the center of the main room with Kolya standing before her, like an acolyte awaiting priestly instructions. He took a quick look around the room and then back to her—but instead of reassuring him with open eyes he found they were closed.
Strange noises flew out at him from her mouth: terrifying low hums and darting high notes. It might be best for him to find his mother.
In an instant he had escaped, without thinking, feeling that he must manage to find the road. He stumbled down a step or two (the frightening woman still emitting noises behind him) and smacked right into another woman’s boot. Kolya peeked up, immediately hypnotized by this woman’s large eyes. She gathered a deep breath and spoke loudly:
“Everything’s all right now. Take my hand. Let’s go back into the house.”
Wynnet, as gleeful as ever, nearly pushed Karyne and Kolya through the doorway. Karyne saw Walidah first; she pointed:
“There she is, Wynn.”
“Not for long. She will no longer have the right of—of—” It sounded as if a wind had made its way down Wynnet’s throat. His windpipe tightened, but he tried to speak again:
“What—who—who—whooooo…,” his last audible word trailed off like a wailing whale.
“What’s the matter? Wynnet! This is no time to be sick. Get a grip on yourself.”
Wynnet revitalized, and announced calmly:
“We must call the police.”
Karyne, still keeping a firm hand on Kolya’s, replied: “Why?”
“My data center has been vandalized. Don’t you see?”
“But Wynnet, there are no police.”
Wynnet stared back at her, puzzled. He had never thought of that.
“Of course not. We are above having police here. I meant that we must act as if there were police to be called. It will put us in the necessary frame of mind to rectify this transgression.”
Walidah finished chanting and looked up. She rose, located Kolya, and walked over to reclaim him, ignoring the others.
Karyne took her by the shoulders.
“Let him go!”
“Oh,” Walidah whispered, then adding with greater volume, “a rare Californian mongrel.”
She turned away from Karyne’s undecided features and led Kolya back to the center of the room. Wynnet, about to speak, was unable: only a whistling stream of air issued from his mouth. Karyne, however, had had enough of this. She took two long strides toward Walidah, and the lights went out.
Not only the lights, but the data-crunching computers, the holograms, the lifeblood of Wynnet, in short, came to a standstill.
“Thank the gods those awful noises have stopped,” Walidah thought aloud, just as Karyne’s foot tripped over hers, and Karyne flew across the room (through several concentric layers of computer hardware).
“There he goes! Wynnet! Grab the little brat.”
Poor Kolya, both agitated and brimming with excitement, found his way out the back door, and thus down Birch Alley. Wynnet had lost every one of his faculties: thought, speech, motor coordination, hearing. He darted around the room as if he would be able to find the cause of this new catastrophe. But when the power returned, he found only that the room was a little less orderly, especially with Karyne and Walidah lying adjacent to one another, glaring like crocodiles at him. Nura left a silver-gray cloud in the air above them, and Kolya continued on a solitary expedition away from everyone.

In the cold air he found rest from unfamiliar faces, and solace in the lighted snow. Darkness had taken most of the sky’s light away, and now light only came up from the ground to show him the way back to his mother.

Elsa had gone to Omar’s cottage, the snow tripping and blocking her like quicksand. It seemed that the faster she ran, the longer she had to go. Time had changed again for her: the familiar way of knowing steps, of hours and days, was now gone. Now every step jarred her into thinking Kolya, Kolya, Kolya. Now every moment would last forever, and she would never again forget that time had passed, until she found him.

Omar, in his study, could not find his latest project: elevations of the American Rocky Mountains. Maps curled precisely on top of one another: newly-inhabited Tibet, prehistoric Tibet, Tibet during the European Middle Ages, modern Tibet, contemporary Tibet. But he did not want Tibet. Neither did he want the window open, though a strong wind kept pushing it back to him as he tried to close it. He wanted only to continue his work, but there was a feeling inside him that did not want it to continue. He had never felt this way before about his work.

Exhausted, Elsa arrived at Omar’s to tell him what had happened. But Omar was not there; he was on his way to Elsa’s, in the middle of a workday, to make love to her. He had only done this once before. The cold wind was now on his back, pushing him along. He did not see Kolya playing in a mound of snow behind a little birch grove. When Omar arrived at Elsa’s, finding the door open and neither Elsa nor Kolya there, he stood stock-still on the entry rug and listened to all the small sounds he had never noticed there before: the air forcing through window frames, floor boards shifting, mice shuffling through the walls; and then, very lightly, the thin voices of children at play. Kolya’s voice was not among them, and their dialect was not one he could fully understand. He heard the wheels of a wooden truck squeak, the flat notes of a carved flute; and he envisioned them playing in the main room with their antique toys, in their antique clothes.
“Omar?”
Elsa, only just returned, touched his shoulders.
“He’s gone,” she whispered, nearly breathless.
Omar knew she was there, and understood what she said, but could not help hearing those little voices.
23.
Kolya had seen his father’s maps, and they had rendered themselves in his young mind. Without trying, he could arrange toy ground vehicles into Himalayan mountain ranges, plastic blocks into cities and plains, or eating utensils into rivers and streams.
Yes, the maps that had left the strongest impression on him were the maps of Tibet, his birthplace. And now, alone on a snowbank behind the birch grove, Kolya set his hands into the cold white powder and sculpted, quite freely, the landscape that had first shed light on his eyes. He might just as easily have wet his diaper, or chewed a cookie. When finished, Kolya moved on, leaving the landscape relief to freeze over and persist through the rest of the winter: an icon for anyone willing to see.
But the inhabitants of Novosibirsk seldom strayed from the path—a tendency that had its beginnings in late 20th-century America, typically California. The birch trees were lovely enough to behold; one needn’t touch them, or find out what was nestled among them, or beyond them.
So it was with Walidah, who passed by as Omar had, and Wynnet, and Todd, with seldom a glance in the direction of the trees, where Kolya’s tiny Tibet glistened, and little tracks led away through the snow.

“Now listen everybody,” Zofiya insisted. “We can’t let him run around on his own for long. Our mission is to save him from…”
“You’re forgetting what we can do, Grandma,” Nura chimed. “He’ll come to no harm. Some of them are more receptive to us than others, and those can easily be connected to our plan.”
Zofiya conceded.
“Alexei!” Nura continued. “Why be present if you are not reading our thoughts?”
“But I am, dear Nura. I am. So far they haven’t brought me new light. I am preoccupied, too, with that Alpha-Omega chap down there. He is acting, while we hang here scheming. It’s as if he were being directed by an unfamiliar spirit, one not of our coordinates.”
Zofiya and Nura stopped to reflect, each feeling that the unforgettable presence they had once encountered could be the one directing the latest events in their beloved town. It was enough that the place had been overrun by intellectuals, let alone ghosts of a distant and nearly prehistoric breed. A foreign influence on Vydrino! They dispatched, feeling a new sense of urgency and competition. Save Vydrino they must, and they must do it their way.

“You know what you’ll have to do, little guy, when you’re older? There’s only one way to get by, and that’s by deleting the world. Just hold your finger on that backspace key and tap, tap, tap. Let it all disappear. Because all that matters is what’s up here, and what’s in here.”
Az took another mouthful of his favorite Polish vodka, and Kolya sat warmly on his lap, a convert to his easy manner and unhesitant voice.
“Mik?”
“What’s ‘at, boy?”
“Mik?”
“Mik? Mik. Mik. Ah, milk. No, this isn’t milk—well, it may be, after a manner of speaking. But I’m sure we can find you come back at old Wynn’s place. He is a strange one though, isn’t he?”
“Mik.”
They sauntered back to Wynnet’s house, Kolya sometimes at Az’s knee, and other times off investigating the forms he found in the snow. All search parties of Novosibirsk having been mobilized, they entered the empty house, where only a computer stood guard over the randomness of natural life, ready to organize it into newer facts. Walidah’s incense had burned down to fragrant, gray ashes, leaving no speck of light, and all over the cottage a calm grayness pervaded, as though it had finally been allowed to breathe in a non-artificial light.
Az plopped onto a wide, cushioned chair and set to opening his vodka bottle, but Kolya interrupted with his best hungry gaze, prompting Az to search out the kitchen. He rewarded himself, having found it, with a turnip salad (provided by Karyne), bamboo sprouts, and a handful of toasted nutmeats. Kolya got his little glass of milk, and for a brief moment they did not talk to one another.

That evening Elsa, resting beside Omar in her cottage, had a dream. She was walking deliberately beside a moving train, a train that was travelling fast from New Siberia back to Denmark. From where she walked she could see the long plains that led to the Kirghiz Steppe, but she could see nothing on the other side of the train, a train that was endless. Its whistling air brought her many scents: the scent of rain-swept wood, the scent of lake water, the scents of wild geese and deer hide, of pollen and milky grass stems, of breast milk. Omar’s scent. The scent of the pages of Letters from Novosibirsk, of the wooden toys found under her floor planks. And lastly, the scent of the garden behind the cottage in Tibet where Kolya had been born.
Blue poppies sprang up around her; and the train, still travelling next to her, roared less heavily. She found herself engulfed by them, by the blue poppies and red-speckled yellow impatiens on their long stems, by Asian azaleas and tall lilies, by the sweetness of her baby’s breath.
Then the train stopped, without a screech or rattle. There was still a garden, but now it held a huge, silent train. She would never be able to board it, to cross over it, or to deny that it was there blocking her path, her direction….
A warm light awakened her, the artificially-heated light from a window in winter. Omar breathed heavily beside her, and she could do nothing but bury her tearful face in the pillow, feeling as though she’d never lived, so empty was she inside.

If Todd was going to save the king, then he was going to do it right. What if he should find him? What to bring him back to? His cottage must evoke the proper atmosphere. Before even beginning the hunt, Todd spent a morning rereading his whole collection of Accents of the Ages, the internationally celebrated decorating journal. King Kolya’s living space, even if temporary, must be in tune with royal homes of past ages—though, Todd understood, reflective of contemporary times as well.
Beginning with the Wawel castle of Kraków, and moving on to the palaces of Ravenna, Cairo, Alhambra, Lhasa, and Limerick, Todd retrieved his power tools and paints, and commenced with the recreation in his beloved cottage. Undeniably, some aspects of the desired effects had already been present. Mostly he rearranged things, gilded a ceiling or two, and completely re-did the draperies. But having made substantial progress after a couple of days, Todd felt that he should become better acquainted with royal etiquette. After all, Kolya stood on the threshold of language acquisition: better that he should not adopt the local vulgarisms, and the culture (or lack of) that bred them. Todd dipped into his most treasured library of regal catechisms and spent a couple of long evenings memorizing forms of address, toilet habits, bows and curtsies, facial and hand gestures; as well as many long phrases of introduction, phrases of gratitude, humility, servitude, and latitude.
When he came to, after three days, Todd felt the pangs of rebirth welling inside him: the day he had been born for had arrived. Nothing leading up to it had held any importance. Life was only now beginning. The monarchy was about to be restored.

Wynnet, in preparing to ingest his 4 p.m. snack, noted with some dismay (but mostly consternation) the open honey jar on the countertop next to the refrigerator, which had developed a case of greasy fingerprints.
“Orlin will be evicted tomorrow morning immediately following my AM1 exercises,” he muttered to himself, knowing he would have to forego two or three exercises in order to perform this necessary chore.
Karyne had returned to her cottage for another evening of writing—she had been keeping a profound diary on the hunt for Kolya, as she was certain it would bring her great fame some day. (“Pioneer of Novosibirsk Tells First-hand How Bastard Child Was Expelled from Intellectual Utopia”) Since taking on this quest, her eyes had gotten larger, her lips thinner; and her hair appeared to be either too washed or not washed enough.
It would help, she wrote, if there were a unanimous spirit of purpose here at Novosibirsk. But I know of at least one woman who actually has her own designs on the little imp. Who knows what they are, or why. This is only another indication of how Novosibirsk is disintegrating as a beacon of hope before our eyes. What we cherish here is a definite kind of unity, the unity of purpose. And determination! The current trial we are facing only galvanizes the best of us, while (hopefully!) letting the weak of purpose fall away—dead wood.
“Don’t.”
Ears perked, Karyne looked up half-consciously, and wrote on:
Some tracking progress has been made, though a clear direction has not been established.
“Clearly.”
“Who’s there!” Karyne shouted, less surprised than angry at being interrupted. And out of the dark stepped Nura, wearing her most colorful translucent silk.
“I am here. And it’s about time you noticed me.”
“Don’t come any closer. I demand to know what you are doing in my house.”
“Might I also demand to know what you are doing in mine?”
Karyne chilled quickly to the bone, momentarily losing her composure and focus. She had no answer, and was not willing to question this woman any further. Nura, sensing her indecision, faded, reappearing in a comfortable chair near Karyne’s computer station, her hand supporting her chin with an over-confidence that drove Karyne’s confidence down even further.
“You’re a ghost,” Karyne rendered with pointed effort, “aren’t you?”
Nura nodded twice, quickly and regally, as if in condescending acknowledgement, then added a little smile:
“That’s correct.”
Karyne regained her posture, speaking up as always: “I’d still like to know what you’re doing in my house…” before freezing up again, sputtering out the last word like an asthmatic in ragweed season.
Nura yawned, turned her head, and said:
“Do you know what a home is, child?”
Karyne sighed like a bullfrog.
“A home,” Nura continued, “is a place where anything can and does happen. A home is laughter and grief, anger and unconditional love. In a home there is no time for bitterness. There is only concern for the present.”
“Oh, well, well. A little lecture? That’s why you’re here? IS THAT WHY YOU CAME?”
“Hush, dear. I came for no reason. In fact, I made no special effort to get here today. I’ve been here all along.”
“All along! Watching me eat and sleep, get dressed (a loud sigh), shit, think, make tea…”
“And don’t forget—”
“Shut up!”
Karyne rose, unsure of what she might do, especially since Nura had dissolved into a smudge again, and had taken to flickering near the windows.
The silver clock she’d inherited with the house gleamed like no other thing in the room, and its hands seemed to be dissolving from one hour into another. Karyne did not know what time it was. Even the moon had disappeared from the sky. She went straight to the window, caught Nura’s reflection in it, and then saw nothing but the frozen snowdrifts outside, feeling a sense of wakefulness overcoming her.
“I have been sleepwalking,” she thought aloud.
24.
Elsa thought she saw him everywhere—in the bevelled edges of her dressing mirror, in her tea cup, reflecting from a polished tabletop, in her dreams. She thought, “This is just as it used to be. I remember now, that little boy who always seemed to be watching me, with that wishful look in his eyes.” She recalled all the places the little boy had peered out at her, then she could no longer go on remembering. She would force herself up from the bed and take long walks, with and without Omar, who could only map the desert in his soul. They had deleted the world again, and lived only in their dreams.

But Az, who also lived in a deleted world, was unable to dream. He had used up all of his creative energy in overcoming the material world, and now he had forgotten that it must be replaced. The only replacement he found was vodka.
The boy was neither a nuisance nor a delight to him; he was only a part of that which Az had already deleted. He required some effort and attention, but so did going to the bathroom, and so Kolya had found a pragmatic guardian whose lack of emotional attachment made him all the more systematic in looking after a child.
Since nothing in the world had any meaning, or value, for Az, he saw nothing wrong in helping himself to whatever might have come his way. The supply depot of Novosibirsk had been running mysteriously low on food and spirits since his arrival, but no one had bothered to check the inventory—in fact, the depot had never had a manager. Food arrived there, was stored by the transporters according to shelf life, and eventually made its way into the hands of Wynnet, Karyne, Elsa, and the others. There was no system of payment; supplies were provided by vendors who were sympathetic to the inhabitants’ mission. But there was a system of responsibility. There had always been a unanimous, unspoken abhorrence of old societal ills, such as thievery.
That was now changed.
Wynnet had been the first to become suspicious. And without consulting the others he decided to set up a computer inventory of the depot.

He sets aside one late-morning PP (productive period) to do the job. He would meet the transporters, give instructions, and return the following Monday to reap the information.
On the way to the depot he met Elsa, who was returning from it with a lump of cheese and a bag of dehydrated biscuits.
“Depot verification procedures to be implemented shortly good morning,” Wynnet said.
Elsa looked up, winced, and could think of no response, except:
“He’s still missing, Wynnet.”
“Unfavorable.” He looked into her eyes, and she saw nothing in his. At this moment she became frightened of Novosibirsk. To mask this feeling, she abruptly added:
“Wynnet, would you help us look for him?”
A flash of digitization passed under his eyes.
“No.”
They parted, following their separate routes.

Throughout this dreary winter Orlin had been keeping the alleyways mighty clean: free of fallen branches and heavy snow. It was a full-time job, and none of the other living inhabitants had noticed. Now the non-living inhabitants, as one might have guessed, certainly had noticed, and they were grateful for Orlin’s practical resolution to improve the appearance of their town for the good of its newest “society.” But those who searched for Kolya, from Todd and Walidah to Omar and Elsa, never questioned the unnaturally improved condition of their alleyways in winter, even if it did make their quest a little easier to carry out.

Todd decided to go for a light walk in the snow, for even he could become overwhelmed by too much color. His royal redecoration schemes, while entirely successful, had worn out his visual sense. Feeling somewhat adventurous, and a little annoyed at the lack of snow underfoot, he strayed off the marked roads of Novosibirsk and into the birch woods.
His first step into the virgin snow might have been his last: he nearly froze with indecision in the face of such choice of direction. All trees looked the same to him; all negative spaces of snow, all interstices of sky, all destinations. But, having summoned enough courage to continue, and rather liking the trail he left in the snow, he walked for several long minutes, recalling a similar feeling he’d had while walking through the snow in childhood. And all that white—the trees, the snow, and the clouds—purified and invigorated him more than he had thought possible.
Forging footprints took some energy, and though he was aware of what surrounded him, Todd had no grasp of particulars: a small abandoned cabin almost evaded him until he noticed the confusion of footprints leading up to it. Birches young and old sent up their long trunks in thick stands on every side; where their branches crossed in the whitish sky Todd saw a bearded man, with cavernous brown eyes and skin that was wrinkled by their thin twigs. Arching over the doorway of the cabin an abandoned crow’s nest grew the threads of a woman’s dress; her head hung just over the doorway and her arms spread over its arch. Todd met her eyes, so still and inviting. He opened the door.
The cottage had one room, a room that was gray from all angles. Everything in the room was unused, abandoned to the graying of time. Only dying embers in the hearth gave a hint of color: someone had been here.
Indeed, beneath a colorless blanket in one corner lay a breathing form, so completely concealed by the blanket that it looked as if a part of the room itself had come alive. As Todd’s eyes scanned the room once again for clues of who or what this might be, Kolya kicked off the blanket and stood, his blue sweater and green pants announcing him instantaneously. Todd lost all points of reference for space and time: he took Kolya in his arms and left the cottage, leaving footprints that only added to the confusion of the cabin’s history, as the arching woman and old tree-man dissolved under a new light.
Az returned shortly afterwards with new provisions, and prodigiously drunk. He noted with some trepidation Kolya’s absence, but in the end decided it was nothing he could influence, though he did hope for Kolya’s return.
25.
Walking at twilight in a long satin robe, like an apparition, Karyne shunned the cold and wind. The cloth that hung from her square shoulders sparkled above the old snow and dying sky light. She reached Wynnet’s house before she knew she’d left: something foreign was hanging inside her, removing her sense of time. She was only going to Wynnet’s house because it was her habit to report there every evening. Tonight, though, she had nothing to report.
Upon opening his door she saw nothing of the usual electronic nervousness that pervaded Wynnet’s house. Instead, the lights were out; only one small red light flickered in the stillness of shadow. Opened windows brought in the cold. And lying at the foot of his favorite hologram generator was one dead Wynnet.
She knew he was dead because he had never been known to relax like this.
Her first suspect was everyone. Without first closing a window, turning on a light, or even covering poor Wynnet, she was gone. But to where? Who could she turn to now in Novosibirsk? Where would she go, to feel what garnered emotion?
A dark blue blanket blew about the dark room where Wynnet lay; it caught on his ankle and folded over his legs, then back again to cover his back and arms. A final gust of death-filled air wrapped an end about his head. Wynnet was enshrouded in blue, lying in state among his helpless electronic progeny. The next morning, after Karyne had awakened to an uncertain day and led the town’s inhabitants to the deceased’s home, they found nothing but a dusty blue cloth weighted and patterned to the floor, as if it had been lying there for centuries, covered with a silvery dust.
“He was lying right there,” Karyne remarked, as if in speaking loudly the truth of what she saw would be reaffirmed.
“I don’t see anything,” said Walidah.
Elsa began to cry:
“It’s so dusty in here!” she sobbed.
Omar led her to another room, but the dust followed them.
“He was RIGHT HERE.” Karyne stepped over the blanket and jerked it up.
Nothing but the floor underneath.
Az shook his head and returned outside. Walidah stared out the window, and Orlin (here destined to break the silence) took up his broom and began collecting the settled silvery dust into small piles.
Karyne, now feeling more isolated than ever, shuffled out in her swaying satin, a glittering cloudlet following her.
Elsa was drawn to a small blue light cutting a hole in the darkening air: one of the computers still operated. She left Omar in the kitchen and followed the light to an oblique table in the main room.
The others had left.
Elsa sat quietly before the computer, whose light (sensing a presence) now began to blink: a calm, alluring blue; not at all like the orange and red flashes of all the computers she had known. All she did then was touch the screen, and the hologram cone activated. From then on she was the sole witness to a spontaneous display of unguided electronic images. She watched then in fleeting or lingering moments, and cast herself into them, seeing what she willed.
She saw a child she did not know, then realized that the child was herself. But not really. The child grew and became someone else: someone who resembled Elsa, nothing more, and then disappeared. The child Elsa returned, and this time it was the real Elsa, small Elsa fighting the Danish waves in Jutland, sitting in Hans Christian Anderson’s lap in Copenhagen’s town square, peering in through shop windows decorated with the lace of another century. Sitting in the windows, the lace falling from her lap, was Zofiya, whom Elsa recognized only as another elderly European face—significant not for anything historical, but for the present, the look in her eyes. It anchored somewhere inside Elsa, and held her in that moment until she was no longer aware of the next.
The rest of the world then went fleeting by: a ticker-tape of images she only half remembered, half loved, half called her own. There came a sudden glimpse of Wynnet’s lost world, a visual gurgle of random facts, though she would see none of that world, only its replacement—the reflection of Elsa’s soul, of her unguided direction:
A window to the dead machinery scattered about the room.
A favorite rock she had collected once, as a child.
Her first diary entry, written in Novosibirsk.
Her last publication in Letters from Novosibirsk.
A bright morning being used for nothing but a walk with Kolya.
A summer evening being used for self-pity.
A ring she wore for no reason at all.
A diamond freshly dug from Earth’s deepest grave: uncut, unrubbed, unsold, unknown to economies.
Her mother’s cabbage soup.
Her Aunt Brigitte’s methodical and tasteless Christmas dinners.
Yin and yang.
The moment between dream and forgetfulness, night and dawn.
That moment burning now, irretrievably, inside her.
The hologram light slowly dimming and Omar coming back into the room.
“Elsa?”
“Yes?”
“What are you doing, love?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?”
“Yes. Nothing. It’s quite wonderful. You should try it sometime.”
“I think I have a lead on where to find K—”
“I’m not finished just yet. I’ll be with you in a moment.”
“I see.”
“And by the way,” she never looked at him, “Kolya is safe.”
26.
“How did you know?” asked Omar.
“What?” she answered, looking up at him with that new innocence.
“That Kolya was safe. Why did you tell me that?”
She maintained her walking pace, allowing for a breath or two, and said:
“I read it in the hologram. And I believed it then.”
“Now?”
“Now—I’m not sure. I—” She couldn’t finish. There was nothing more she could say.

The air of formality Todd wore clued in the others that they could not just drop by (a rare occurrence in Novosibirsk anyway) but must heed an invitation from him, preferably with some lead time.
Walidah, being new to the village and somewhat forward anyway, found herself entranced before Todd’s painted doorway. She had to get to know the artist better. She knocked ten times, loudly and rapidly: 
“Is anyone in there? Hello!”
Todd was busy sipping a currant brandy and nibbling on chocolate truffles.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. KNOCK.
The magical door opened. A spot of chocolate marked Todd’s chin. He was not what she expected to see.
They exchanged surprised looks and Walidah coddled her way in, carefully noting every detail of Todd’s cottage house, and trying to connect them with his lineage (Scotch-Dutch, she suspected).
“What a place. And you’re alone?”
“Usually.” He raised his brow. She didn’t take her eyes off him.
“What do you mean?”
“Well…”
Her brow topped his. But they neither waited nor played games any longer: Kolya introduced his airship imitation from the next room. Walidah jumped—
“Who—aha!” She was quick. “I think I know your little room mate.” A little shiver ran through her. “I hope you’re not—would you?” The glare in her eyes intensified.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Todd stated. “But I will tell you this: that boy has royal blood in him. He is the first king of the Age, and he begins his rule right here in Novosibirsk.” He paused, neither waiting for nor eliciting a response from her. “I am his guardian and benefactor, self-appointed by necessity, until he is able to assume his full duties and responsibilities.”
“What kind of responsibilities? Where are you from, anyway?”
“That is no longer important. However, the king’s responsibilities will be, of course, to reintroduce the natural order of beauty to human society.”
The key phrase, “natural order,” struck a deep note in Walidah. Todd sensed her impending approval, and led her into Kolya’s room.

Alexei rarely used his power to devious, or unnatural, ends; he would rather let the living find their own way than guide them through their folly. But sensing Kolya’s unmitigated future in Todd’s hands, he felt he must act. Whether or not Alexei agreed with Todd’s plan, he would rather not see little king Kolya being used as a pawn .
And so, asking the forgiveness of all his ancestors, Alexei inflicted little Kolya with such a mean-spirited virus that when Todd and Walidah found him he was curled up on his throne, burning like the sun.
Todd immediately sensed his dilemma: whether or not to get help. His concern was first of all for their mission, for Kolya the emblem and not Kolya the child. Walidah, on the other hand, wondered whether or not the boy’s genetic constitution would pull him through. She would wait to see how far the illness progressed before deciding how to find him assistance.
The inklings Alexei was getting from these two were enough for him to deem them ethical morons. At the least they made him speed up his mission. As they postured in the drawing room he began opening the lines of communication to the deep-dreaming Kolya.
“It’s the old man, little one. You’ve been looking and waiting for me again, but you haven’t found me. I won’t be coming to your Novosibirsk. I am staying in Vydrino, the place where I was born—and died. Look hard into your little soul, dear Kolya, and you will see Vydrino. It has been there all along. Do you see it? If you can see Vydrino, then you will find me…”
Kolya awoke from his dream-delirium and walked to Todd’s room. He deposited his crown at the foot of Todd’s bed, climbed through a window to the spring-scented air, and was never seen again.
27.
Elsa sat before her dresser mirror and squinted to see whether her new haircut suited her.
It had been seven years since Kolya left her. She and Omar were married now, with two other children, whom they call Fatima and Søren. Several other children had also appeared in Novosibirsk, as well as a playground and day school: they had become a regular part of life in that town.
Elsa loved her children, but secretly she still coveted those moments when that young, timeless angel would come to visit her dresser mirror or teacup. That child’s face was more beautiful to her than the most perfect day, more meaningful than heaven, more soothing to her than Omar’s hand. She remembered the child: he had been there before Kolya, and he was Kolya. And now the child would return to her, as though nothing had happened. Elsa understood this now; it was a beautiful secret she kept locked in her heart.

Todd and Walidah had also married, joining royal lineages from two of the primary races; for Walidah, having picked around the geneology charts long enough, had found ample concrete blood in both of them to support the idea of their union, and eventual procreation. (This “eventual,” however, stuck like a bone in her throat, for they had still not conceived after six years together.) In the meantime, they were never without redecorating projects and dinner parties, held to foster royal etiquette.

An open market now flourished in Novosibirsk, and Karyne could be seen there twice weekly chatting vociferously with newcomers about the flow that should be achieved in their dress. She had become a dressmaker, though Nura and Zofiya often walked by her stall and referred to her as “the spinster” among themselves.
Yes—Nura, Zofiya, Alexei and all the ghosts of Vydrino now roamed freely among the current inhabitants of Novosibirsk, for no one would recognize them anyway, the town having swelled to a population of nearly seven hundred. The revitalized atmosphere of the town allowed them to move comfortably among the living again:
“Listen, Nura, I’ve been composing a letter of my own for that old scrapbook, Letters from Novosibirsk.”
“But, Zofiya, they aren’t publishing it any longer. Have you lost your old sense of Earth-time to such an extent that—”
“They, they, they. What on Earth are we, we, we then, my dear Nura? We are they. And so I will broadcast my letter, just as I intend. It should begin falling sometime within the next Earth-hour.”
“I see. An original idea, Zofiya.”
“You aren’t the only inhabitant, alive or dead, with originality, Nura.”
“I never said—”
“Hush, girlfriend. Look thoroughly contemporary and stupid.”
Long laughter trailed from their path.

Long letters came falling from the sky in Novosibirsk, and nobody bothered to read them. They were white letters, curled white papers like bleached wood shavings, falling in long arcs, back and forth, back and forth.
Karyne pushed them off her boxes of neatly folded suits; Elsa felt them crunch underfoot as evenly as snow. Omar brushed one off his coat. Orlin swept them into little piles and incinerated their tiny words, along with other bits of street trash. 
Did this mean they’d all gone illiterate? Not really. But few of the town’s inhabitants felt the need to grab at floating pieces of literature, especially those falling into their faces and obstructing their lives. The new citizens of Novosibirsk read, yes, but only on their own terms, when the world was quiet, commerce had ended, loved ones were asleep, and the words of the past rose like phantoms before them, instead of annoying little pinpricks. And when they read, they read great volumes of poetry, fiction, essays that took a stand and followed it through. There were no periodicals to be found. Funny, it just turned out that way. When newcomers brought along a newspaper or picture magazine, the residents watched it fade under the Siberian sun, or kept it by the door as a mat for their boots.
And the very last issue of Letters from Novosibirsk sat on the bookshelves of thousands around the globe, like an ancient beacon run out of lamp oil, its messages nearly indecipherable to all but the most blinded of students. For the blue dust of Wynnet blew about their eyes, and they too began to believe that they knew what was best for everyone, as long as everyone was excluded. It was Wynnet, the immortal material, the one who had never quite reached spirithood but stayed pulverized into something that would forever be blown about the earth, who might inspire them.
But even this, concluded Rimpon, would not break his rest for Earth-centuries to come.

###

Thanks for reading my novel. If you enjoyed it, would you please consider writing a short review of it at your favorite retailer, or downloading one of my other ebooks?
Mark Saba
About Mark Saba
Mark Saba grew up in Pittsburgh, but has lived in Connecticut for the last twenty-seven years. He attended the University of Pittsburgh's pharmacy school before deciding pharmacy was not for him and transferring to Wesleyan University (CT), where he began writing. Eventually he made his way to Hollins College for graduate school, where he won several writing awards for his fiction and poetry. His work has appeared in many literary magazines and anthologies around the U.S. and abroad. He is the author of both printed and ebooks of fiction and poetry. Also a painter, his work can be viewed at his web site. He has worked at Yale University as an illustrator and graphic designer for many years.

www.marksabawriter.com
Other Books by Mark Saba
Ebooks (Fiction)
The Shoemaker
(see excerpt)
Tipping Points
Signs
Printed Books
The Landscapes of Pater (fiction)
Painting a Dissapearing Canvas (poetry)
Thaddeus Olsen (fiction) in the anthology Desperate Remedies 
 Excerpt from The Shoemaker
From a hilltop that overlooked other hills east of the city, as well as the valleys of two opposing rivers, they gathered to mourn the death of their father, Pietro Cavalieri. The youngest stayed well behind their black-clad elders, leaving the business of grieving to them, who bore that responsibility almost wholly for their beloved matriarch, Almerinda Marchionna-Cavalieri. For privately they believed the old man to be a son-of-a-bitch.
“Pete! Pete! Perchè tu m’hai lasciato?” she wailed, asking the heavens once again why, and receiving for an answer only the simple, saddened faces of her progeny. She knew then, finally, that they could never share her grief, because they had not known Pietro in the way she had.
After the old priest had finished his prayers and a strong gust of fall wind had blown his prayer book shut, Pietro felt the first clods fall into the pit and onto his casket. “When I die,” he’d told his wife more than once, “just tie me into a sack and throw me in the river. Don’t waste our money.” It was just one of the many things he’d thrown out to her in a fit of crazed conviction, partly brought on, she’d thought, by the troublesome and unconventional course their lives had taken. She almost always found it in her heart to forgive him, even when he wouldn’t speak to her for weeks at a time. But even that didn’t begin until they had become established in America, in the soot-blackened town that contained every despicable nationality on Earth except the French: the only ones he considered on par with the Italians.
“But Pete, look, we have plenty of food to eat in America, and a promise for our children’s children,” Almerinda would implore. After the expected time-independent scowl he would deign to answer:
“And all we have to do is live here in hell.”
It was customary for them to disagree in silence, for Almerinda knew she was no match for his wit. Often it took a family crisis to get them to speak to one another again. This time, lying in his casket, Pietro did the forgiving. He forgave Almerinda for putting him through this, because he knew now that she did it to honor the family. If he were still alive he would speak to her; he would tell her this. But it was too late for words. All that he had left her was the words he had already spoken, and the feelings that had left him through his eyes, mouth, and hands on their way to her heart. As the clods of cool Pittsburgh earth fell over him he gave up contact with the living, and gave up his soul to meet the dead. His last impulse went directly to his beloved Almerinda, who began to tremble from head to toe, while whispering “Addio, Pete—ti sento pian piano come un angelo.” Having spoken these words she regained her composure, stood quietly for a moment, and turned to lead them back down the hill to their cars.
Inside the casket Pietro’s former body lay straight and still, but not perfect—the undertaker had carelessly positioned his tie askew, though no one had dared to straighten it. For that crooked tie, unknown to the funeral home staff, had been Pietro Cavalieri’s trademark; along with an unevenly shaven face, nicked fingers, and a pair of cowlicks that had followed him even into old age, and now into the grave.

During the drive back to the house Almerinda kept her window tightly shut, while her eldest daughter Pina, now forty-eight years old, rolled hers down even further than she would have if her mother hadn’t been in the car.
“Pina, close the window. I feel a draft everywhere today.”
Pina, half-lost in her own reverie, virtually ignored Almerinda’s comment until her husband spoke up:
“Pina! Listen to your mother.”
That was a cry she’d heard all too often in her life, and more often than not from her father. She rolled the window up for her babbo, but left it open a slight crack, also for him. He too appreciated fresh air. Almerinda, predicting her daughter’s every move, turned to face her. Pina’s impulse was to stare her down, but finally she succumbed, rolling the window up tightly, while forcing out a sigh that could have sent shivers down a mad dog’s spine. Almerinda wiped her eyes again with her embroidered handkerchief, as Pina felt her heart rising to her throat from having to endure such theatrics.
“Leave her alone,” Pietro warned her. “She’ll work it out. Don’t look at me that way! It’s not my fault I died. Have some respect for your mother. If you are pretty it’s because of her.” It was just like him, thought Pina, to say something like that safely after he’d died. Everyone knew she resembled her father: pointed eyebrows, full eyes, Roman nose, the expressive lips. Her hair was not black but chestnut-colored, and her eyes (though some saw flashes of color in them) gray. She’d never noted the color of her mother’s eyes, but she knew her father’s had been brown—not deep and alluring brown, but brown like the earth and the trees: earth-brown, for he was of the earth. Whatever he was could be read plainly in his eyes. He was the same before everyone, and she was sure now that her father put on no pretense while meeting the Almighty.
This is not to say that she revered him; more than once she had denounced him, either sottovoce or loud enough for her mother to hear. And her mother, beneath that veneer of healthy good looks and generous charm, had eyes of steel. They saw through everything with their clear sky color and endless depth. When Pina heard her full name leaving her mother’s lips, its four hard syllables in somber monotone—Giu-sep-pin-a—she knew the woman was on to something. It was the same tone she used to introduce a serious topic of discussion to her husband: Pi-e-tro. Senti! Pietro rarely listened, and it was Almerinda’ insistence that he should that had annoyed Pina. She was now beginning to feel that things would be different around the house, that Almerinda’s supplications would have to be redirected to someone else. Pina vowed that it would not be her. She was also very good at not listening.
Giuseppina and Jim (he insisted on Anglicizing his non-native-sounding name, Giacomo) had once lived on the second floor of her parents’ house: a modest red-brick, federal style, with a shallow front yard and deeper back, lined on either side by a rusting wire fence against which either tomatoes, zinnias, peppers, or curly endive grew. Pina also harvested their wild dandelions for salad. Almerinda denounced this practice, suggesting that any stray cat or dog might have peed on it. Pina replied instantly: “We ate it always in Italy, don’t you remember?” To which Almerinda snapped: “That was cicoria, not this—” Pina saw no practical difference, and so proceeded unhindered by her mother’s comments, even loading her basket up higher with the bitter greens.
Their house was similar to the majority of houses in this section of east Pittsburgh: Almerinda kept everything about it, inside and out, tidy; Pietro had painted its metal porch awning red and green. The air around it on summer weekends was spiced by the hearty scents of tomato sauce, anise, and cigars. Pietro had proclaimed, during their first year in the house, that it was drafty in winter and baked like an oven in summer. He also cursed all the little things that needed fixing: cabinet doors that stayed ajar, dangling light fixtures, banging radiators. Some tasks he set his sons to finishing; others he entrusted only to himself, quietly enjoying the sudden opportunities to exercise his talent, regardless of what he said.
Pietro was, by trade, a shoemaker. Pina often repeated to her son, after Pietro was gone, that her father had made “a good shoe, not like today.” Pietro consented to having made a good shoe, though he knew deep down that he had once made even better shoes. But, like so many things about his new world, those better shoes would have gone unnoticed. So he said nothing about his shoes, but threw his head back a bit, grimaced, and granted “Eh!” if anyone complimented them. That Pietro considered himself an artisan of the highest caliber was something only he knew, for he preferred not to accept compliments openly, and so eventually everyone stopped giving them. One thing they knew was that if Pietro fixed something it would never break again. What they didn’t know was that he was never satisfied with what he did, and that nothing for him was ever completed until his grandfather’s spirit had come to mark it so. It was a mark only Pietro could see, a mark of near perfection that was only evident on Sunday afternoons or early weekday mornings when the children were still asleep and Almerinda had preoccupied herself with setting the farina to boil.
Pietro’s grandfather, Fiorentino Cavalieri, had also been an artisan. Young Pietro would watch him carefully as he bent hot iron into grillwork for the town’s balconies, gates, and shop signs. Fiorentino had a long white beard, unkempt white hair, and narrow shining eyes. “You learn some trade, Pete. Be sure to, or next thing you know they’ll be sending you to school. There’s already such talk in the North. And whatever happens first in Piemonte will eventually make its way down to the Abruzzi. Listen! Pietro! Find out what your skill is, and use it. Practice it. Make them see it before they take you and turn you into a modern imbecile.” After such a little lecture the old Fiorentino would turn his lively eyes back onto his work, leaving Pietro free to hover like an angel about his shop, for Pietro did indeed feel like an angel in his grandfather’s presence: gifted, fated, noted but unnoticed. 
In 1880 Pietro turned fifteen. It was to be the most magical year of his life, the year a well ran dry inside him and he felt a lake filling up in its place; the year his childhood left but he was not yet sure of a thing called manhood; the year every sense of his was unlocked, and the world recreated itself daily before him. When he was well past his prime, and fraught with the problems that only the new country could bring, he sometimes looked back on that year, wanting to both relive and forget it, and able to do neither. For it was during that year that he arose at five o’clock to join two friends on an expedition to climb Mount Arazecca. Wearing his grandfather’s hunting boots to protect his legs from the poisonous, ubiquitous vipere that populated his town, and carrying a knapsack filled with sausages, cheese, bread, and wine, he went to meet Pierluigi and Elio on the bridge at the edge of town: the clear water of the Sangro River broke like crystal over its rocks, as trout rose to the surface and flipped their tails into the cool air. When Pietro turned around to face the town he was leaving he saw it in an unfamiliar light, a pale silver that covered every cobblestone, window, chicken, roof tile, and tree. Only one lamp burned far up the old town hill, and he recognized the window it shone through. It belonged to his grandfather’s house.
“Come on, Pete. Hurry! Hurry!”
He turned back and saw that the others had come, already anxious to find the path that led through the brown grass to the foot of Mount Arazecca. They thrashed through the lifting darkness as if being chased, and addressed one another sporadically and succinctly, as if learning a new way of speaking. Together they felt like reinventing everything that morning: the day was about to dawn for them, and they would direct its course, alone, on their manly expedition.
They saw no vipers, and only one wolfdog nursing her pups just beside the path after the sun had broken. She looked up at them, but didn’t bark, and they passed by hurriedly, disregarding any consideration of pacing themselves during the five-hour climb.
The day’s heat came gently as they began to cross the lower fields of sheep. A watchful shepherd or two waved at them from a distance, then they too grew small below, magically blending in with the still-life of a town whose activity they had known intimately from birth, though never all at once, until now. Young Pietro, his chestnut hair lifting from short gusts of wind, paused more than once to watch the shadows of clouds larger than Castel di Sangro approach, engulf, and then abandon the town.
In those days the railway to Castello had not yet been built, though markers had been laid halfway up the mountainside, past the sheep folds and viper line, where the first black locomotive would steam in from Roccaraso and Cinquemiglia, several years hence. Fiorentino had greeted the news of the impending railroad with caution. Soon, he’d said, they’d be sending in such nonsense as newspapers and city clothes to poison the character of Castello’s young. Pietro and the others took pride in knowing that Mount Arazecca still belonged to them; and to the wild bears, rabbits, wolves, and deer of Abruzzi.
They reached the summit before noon, exhausted and hungry. In one direction lay Castel di Sangro, the first town in a line of towns that dotted the long valley. In every other direction lay the Apennine Mountains, and the dark green hills that made up part of the National Park of Abruzzi. A stone pit there at the top contained the blackened ashes of many previous expiditions: the boys made their fire in it and held their sausages into it on long sticks. They ate them between thick slices of hard-crusted bread, and washed them down with a communal bottle of Fiorentino’s wine. 
Pietro would have been content to take a siesta afterward, lying on the last shreds of green grass and watching hawks circle overhead; but Elio, as thin and agile as an Abruzzese deer, decided to climb the iron skeleton of a cross that townsmen had planted on the peak sometime before he or the others had been born. He reached its highest bar before Pietro had turned around, and there he sat, yelling “Screw you, Signor Toschi! Take your mangy old goat and give it to her up the ass…” Pierluigi, having finished the wine, fell back in raucous laughter, his generous stomach heaving. When he finished, the shimmering silence returned, but only for a moment. Pietro, who was only just beginning to close his eyes, straightened and sat up when he heard the thud. Elio had fallen from the cross.
At first they could not see him, and thought he had rolled down the hill. But soon his disheveled black hair rose up, and stayed surprisingly still. Now Pietro knew all was not well; he tripped over rocks on his way to the foot of the cross. Elio looked up at him, serious but still light-headed from the wine, and said:
“I broke my goddam leg.”
Pierluigi, having inherited a robust waistline from his mother’s family, tired easily, and was of little use in helping Elio back down the summit. Pietro, on the other hand, was lean and sinewy: his muscles responded to any task at hand, and his family was known for their endurance during times of physical hardship. He carried Elio on his back three-quarters of the way down, until they met a farmer with his mule, which he lent to them on the condition that they return it in good condition, watered and fed.
When Pietro recounted this adventure to the old Fiorentino later, Fiorentino stopped briefly from his work, looked up, and said:
“That jackass. Surely it was Giuseppe Andelucci. May his ancestors stay nailed in their coffins on Judgement Day.”
These were the condemnations, the self-security and effortless wit, that made the adolescent Pietro ache to love his grandfather. If he could, he’d often thought, he would grow himself a long white beard too, and the more his grandmother would curse it and try to attack it with her shears, the longer he would let it grow. Why? “Just-so, that’s all,” as Fiorentino would have responded to those annoying little questions people ask one another about why they do what they do, live where they live, eat what they eat, or screw who they screw.
Fiorentino died the following year, when Pietro was sixteen. And Pietro didn’t dare ask anyone why he had died, because he already knew the answer, in words that were painfully familiar to him: Just-so, that’s all. It was a phrase his children, and their children, would hear often, though they would never know from where it came.
Connect with Mark Saba
msaba@snet.net
www.marksabawriter.com
