    


TIN MAN OF OZ

A Shadow of Oz short story

By Nick Damon






Secret Origin Press

    
Tin Man of Oz copyright © 2014 by Nick Damon

Cover Art copyright © Nick Damon

All Rights Reserved.

Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without written permission from the author.


For more information about the author, visit
www.ndamon.com
    FOR CAROLYN







CHAPTER 1
ISOLATION

The bead of ice cold water slowly formed, then began its long journey. It slid down the frozen stalactite, taking a serpentine path to the sharp, jagged tip, where it then dropped off into empty space. It fell for a length, wobbling and quivering through the air until it splashed against a metal surface with a hollow plink.
The sound was small and soft, but the cave was so quiet and hushed that the water drop’s impact echoed within the rounded chamber. Icy walls caught the sound and returned it, as if happy to finally have some company.
The remnants of the drop, now tiny rivulets, streamed down the curved metal, toward an edge, then over it, finding their way into a rusting joint.
It was a shoulder joint, owned by a tin man.
Though made of tin, each of his joints were actually iron and susceptible to rust. The metal man paid no attention to the moisture invading his right shoulder. He sat motionless, his right hand resting on the handle of his axe, which stood upside down, its bladed head against the cold ice floor.
The Tin Man made no move at all. He was sitting on a crudely formed throne of ice that he had carved out of the jutting wall using his trusty axe. He was so still, he could have been mistaken for a statue. His gaze was fixed down at the ground, his chin resting on his left fist.
The cavern was cast in shadow with sections of wall thin enough to let in slivers of faint sunlight. It was part of a series of tunnels that threaded the inside of a mountain.
Shiverpeak Mountain.
It was not a pleasant place to find oneself. The treacherous peak was located in one of the harshest and unforgiving spots in Oz. If you managed to survive the deadly journey to reach it, then the frigid winds outside would likely cut you down before you could enter. Only the hardiest and fiercest creatures called this land home.
Which is why Dorothy had sent him to this awful place. There was little chance of anyone finding him. It was a good place to hide.
To wait.
He had been waiting for Dorothy’s return for twelve years now. Isolated from everyone he knew. From everyone he didn’t know. Isolated from Oz.
It had not been a punishment, but a reward of trust. He had been given a mission—a most important one—and that included having to wait in this miserable, inhospitable locale. He was the only one that could endure it. That could survive it. It was his burden to bear.
Unfortunately, the Wizard’s gift had made the Tin Man’s job much more difficult then he had anticipated. The Wizard had given him a heart (made of velvet and sawdust) and this of course, gave him feelings of joy and happiness. With those feelings, however, also came pain and loneliness. Cut off from the rest of the world for so many years, caused a yearning, aching, hurt in his chest that would not go away.
The ache was familiar. He closed his metal eyelids and thought back to when he had first experienced it.
It was a lifetime ago.
Before he had become a man made of tin.






CHAPTER 2
THE WOODSMAN

His name was Nicolas Chopper.
A fitting last name for his chosen profession. A lumberjack. The best lumberjack.
Nicolas was a large, burly man, with a barrel-shaped chest and strong arms that could bring down the biggest of trees in only a few swings of his axe. His legs, long and muscled, were always ready to climb any mountain to find prime forests. He was excellent at his job, supplying lumber to the Munchkin community at a fair price. Though he was from the wilderness of the eastern Winkie country (and therefore quite tall), he was well-known and respected among the shorter Munchkins.
One sunny afternoon, he came upon a forest ripe for harvest. The first tree he picked was a particularly nice one. It wasn’t an old growth. It was narrow and had a vibrant amber tone to its bark. Older lumber was reserved for construction, while the Munchkins favored young trees for their tool-making. This tree would fetch a good price because this was a new year and demand was high for new tools.
He unslung his satchel which he wore diagonally over one shoulder, then pulled his axe out from its sheath on his back. The leather sheath was designed to allow instant access should the need arise.
Excited at the prospect of this newfound timber, he leaned the axe against his legs and spit into his big calloused hands, rubbing them together. Picking up his axe, he swung it back, readying it for a mighty blow.
“STOP!”
It was a young woman’s voice and she was obviously terrified.
Nicolas was not only an exceptional lumberjack, he was also an exceptionally good man and would offer help to any who needed it. He gripped his axe tightly and cast a stern gaze this way and that way, looking for the woman in distress. She had sounded close by.
“Please don’t cut me down!” the woman’s voice pleaded.
Nicolas spun around to look at the tree in front of him. What made him step back in shock was the pair of eyes that stared back at him.
The tree was alive!
“I beg of you! Please lower your weapon!” the tree cried out in fear. Its leaves shook, rustling loudly, though there was no wind.
Nicolas realized he was still clutching his axe in a defensive position, ready to strike. He relaxed his grip and lowered his blade.
“I’m sorry… I didn’t know.” Nicolas felt rather foolish talking to a tree, but after all, he knew that Oz was full of stranger things than this. “I won’t harm you.”
The tree seemed to straighten and its smooth, arched branches opened up. The rustling leaves became still with an almost audible sigh of relief.
“Thank you, sir,” the tree said with a lovely, tender voice.
It’s mouth was a slender crack underneath a tiny knothole of a nose. It was odd how Nicolas hadn’t noticed the distinctive features at first glance. He nodded. “I’d heard stories that there were living trees, but this is the first time I’ve ever encountered one.” The very idea that he almost killed one unnerved him.
“Oh, the stories are true, there are living trees in this region, but I’m not one of them.”
Nicolas frowned, perplexed. It acted like a living tree and it certainly talked like a living tree. “I don’t understand.”
“I’m human, like you. Well, I used to be. My name is—or was—Nimmie Amee.”
“And how did you come to be a tree?” He stepped back and set down his axe. There was no danger here and he was definitely not going to be doing any chopping until he had a handle on the situation.
“Harpiba, the Witch of the East, did this to me,” the tree said with a heavy sigh. 
Nicolas had heard of Harpiba, just as most of the inhabitants of Oz had. There were four Witches in the land, each unable to get along with the other, so they lived as far apart as they could. After the fall of the King and Queen of Oz, the Witches of the West, East and North vied for control of the land, only to be thwarted by the Great and Powerful Wizard with help from Glinda, the Witch of the South. The three Witches had bristled at the Wizard’s show of power and retreated to their respective regions, their resentment and anger still lingering. Working for one of them was not considered a safe occupation.
The tree—Nimmie—spoke before he could say as much. “You see, my father became gravely ill after accidentally eating a grimberry—“
“Oh.” Nicolas said, with sympathy.
She nodded, as much as a tree could. “Then you know that healing elixirs don’t work on a person poisoned by them.” 
“Yes.” He had seen others in his line of work mistake that berry for the similar looking—and delicious—yumberry. The results were usually deadly. One had to learn the differences early on if they were to survive in the woods.
Nimmie continued, “My only option was to seek out the Witch for help. At first she laughed at me, but when I said I would do anything for her… well, that got her interest. She made a deal with me. If she restored my father to full health, then I would be her servant. I agreed. I had no choice. So I toiled away for years, doing Harpiba’s bidding, mostly cleaning up after her dreadful daughter.”
“I didn’t know she had a daughter.”
“Few do. She’s an awful, awful girl. Worse than her mother, if that’s possible. One day I was cleaning up after the little monster and I came across the Witch’s notes. I saw what she was planning and I couldn’t just sit idly by and watch it happen.”
“And what was that?” Nicolas asked, curious.
“She had found a forest of true living trees—not far from here—and wanted to turn them into her army.” The tree leaned forward slightly and gave Nicolas a knowing look with its light brown eyes.
Eyes that were wide and tilted up at the corners. Eyes that Nicolas found disconcertingly attractive.
Nimmie continued, “Since you’ve never met any, I can assure you that Tree folk are very serene creatures and don’t wish to engage in our petty squabbles. Harpiba wasn’t going to let that stop her. She was concocting a spell. One that would force them to do her bidding. I couldn’t stand to see her do this to such beautiful beings, so I destroyed the main element required—the shriveled heart of a Fanglebeast.”
“A Fanglebeast?” Nicolas said in surprise, “No one has seen one of those for hundreds of years.”
Nimmie sighed. “That’s what made it so valuable. You can imagine the Witch’s anger at losing it.”
“She turned you into a tree as punishment.” Nicolas said, understanding Nimmie’s predicament.
“She said that if I loved those trees so much, then I could join them. I’ve been like this ever since.” Nimmie’s branches drooped sadly.
“How long have you been here?”
“I haven’t a clue. Years. Seasons have come and gone and I lost track after awhile. It’s so nice to be able to talk to someone again.”
“I can imagine.” Nicolas was a nomad. A wanderer. Never staying in one place longer than necessary. He had always thought of himself as a strong man, but he honestly didn’t know if he could ever withstand that type of waiting. Having to stay in one spot, immobile. The thought made him cringe.
“May I ask a favor of you?” Nimmie’s branches perked up as she spoke. “Would you mind staying for a bit? To talk? I do so miss it.”
Nicolas smiled. “It would be my pleasure. I owe you that at the very least, since I nearly ruined your day.”
Nimmie laughed. Her leaves shook. “Thank you. Yes, I’m afraid my day would have been completely ruined had you continued. Now, instead, it’s a wonderful day.”
“What would you like to talk about?” Nicolas asked, sitting on the grass, facing her, delighting in her company as much as she in his.
“Tell me about yourself,” she said, relaxing, letting her branches hang low, while her attentive eyes focused on Nicolas’ every word.
For the next several hours Nicolas and Nimmie exchanged stories about each other. He learned that she too was a Winkie. That she lived in a small town in the east, not far from where he had grown up. This made him feel closer to her. And when she was younger, she would run free along the countryside, taking pleasure in the simple beauty of nature. This too, touched Nicolas. It turned out they had much in common. He also learned what it was like for Nimmie to serve the Witch; stories of cruel treatment and of witnessing dark magicks.
As evening set in, Rippets, which resembled flying rabbits, had nested in Nimmie’s branches and began to quietly chirp and coo. Both Nicolas and Nimmie glanced up at them, smiling at the sounds.  
“It’s late,” Nimmie said, “I’ve kept you here much too long.” 
“I’ve nowhere to go.”
“No wife or family?” she asked, her leaves bouncing and swaying in surprise.
He laughed. “No.”
“I find that hard to believe. A strong, handsome man like yourself?”
He smiled. “Strong, yes. Handsome… I don’t know about that.”
“And modest. I like that.” She grinned back at him.
“I wonder… What did you look like before?”
“I had a mane of uncontrollable red hair,” Nimmie said, with a laugh, “And…” She paused, letting out a painful sigh. 
Nicolas instantly regretted bringing it up. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked that.”
“No, it’s all right. I was just remembering what it was like to feel the wind against my skin. To have skin.”
That was all he could take. Nicolas had made up his mind. He stood up and slung his axe onto his broad shoulder.
“I’m going to have a talk with the Witch,” he said firmly.
Nimmie’s eyes widened. “Oh no, you mustn’t! She has a quick temper and doesn’t do anyone favors. Well, without a price.” 
“Nimmie, you’ve been punished long enough. It’s time for you to have your own body back.”
“Please, don’t. You’ll only anger her!“ Her leaves shook noisily.
“I appreciate your concern, but I can handle myself. Fear not, Nimmie, you’ll soon be able to run through the countryside once again. You have my word!” He gave her a wink and dashed past her into the wilderness, not giving her a chance to protest.






CHAPTER 3
DEALING WITH A WITCH

Three days later, Nicolas had combed through the eastern forests, scouring the terrain, following the faintest of trails, until he had finally found what he was looking for.
He entered a clearing and stared ahead at a single, massive tree. Nicolas estimated it to be fifty feet tall and seven feet thick. It twisted upward into a dense, flat canopy of leaves and branches. 
According to Nimmie, the Witch lived in a house at the top.
Nicolas strode forward, unafraid and began to scale the tree. With its corkscrew trunk and the snaking vines that wrapped around it, he found it to be an easy climb. Where he encountered a problem was when he reached the underside of the canopy. The branches crisscrossed in tight patterns, making it impossible to squeeze through and it stretched outward for at least thirty feet. He maneuvered around the side of the trunk, circling it, searching for an opening. There was none. He clung to the trunk, pondering his next move.
Suddenly, a gourd dropped down next to him, hanging from a slender, coiled vine. A child’s voice came from within it. “Who are you?”
Nicolas almost lost his grip from surprise. He quickly recovered and grabbed the gourd, bringing it closer to him. “My name is Nicolas Chopper. I wish to speak with Harpiba the Witch.”
“About what?” the gourd asked.
“A girl named Nimmie Amee,” Nicolas responded with an assertive tone.
There was a long pause before the gourd spoke again. “She will see you.”
The branches above Nicolas’ head split apart, creating a narrow opening for him to climb through. He pulled himself up through the thick layer of branches and leaves.
What greeted him was a stark contrast to the lush, cheerful forest below. Here, atop the twisted tree, the canopy floor was dull and covered in thorns. No flowers bloomed and no birds dared to sing. The wind seemed to blow a little harder and a little colder. Then again, maybe that was just his imagination adding its own element to the somber view.
In the center of the canopy sat a quaint wooden shack with a thatched roof. A rickety, little habitat with no paint and only one window. The door was crooked—or maybe it was the roof—or maybe the house itself. It was hard to believe that the Witch would choose to live in such a small home.
Nicolas approached the shack, his leather boots protecting him from the sharp thorns. He reached the crooked door and knocked.
He waited. For a brief moment, he thought no one was going to answer. He was about to knock again when the door opened.
An attractive older woman stood in the entrance, giving him a kindly smile. Her face was slender and smooth with only a hint of wrinkles in the corners of her eyes. Her skin was pale, almost colorless, enhanced by her dark tresses that cascaded down around her shoulders. She wore a lovely yellow dress that shined like silk and flowed down to her shoes.
Her shoes.
Nicolas was momentarily mesmerized by the slippers that the woman wore. At first they shimmered like silver, then the reflective surface deepened into a dark blue, then a fiery orange, and finally settled into a bright yellow to match her dress. They were astoundingly beautiful.
He tore his gaze from the slippers back toward the woman’s grey eyes.
She stepped aside and gestured for him to enter. “You wished to speak with me?”
“I… wish to speak to Harpiba the Witch.”
She flashed him an amused smile. “I am she.”
Nicolas was shocked that this was the witch that he had heard stories about. She was certainly not what he had imagined.
“Thank you, Ma’am.” He smiled and bowed his head politely as he entered.
Harpiba led him down a short torchlit hallway that branched off into three rooms. She took the doorway to the right and Nicolas followed.
They stepped into a wonderfully cozy study with two stuffed chairs next to a roaring fireplace. Stacks of worn books and old tomes peppered the floor, the fireplace mantle, and a dark wooden desk off in the corner. Strangely, the walls were constructed of stones. In fact, thinking back, Nicolas realized the hallway entrance had stone walls too.
Standing near the fireplace was a little girl with long, silky black hair, dressed in a simple black dress. Nicolas guessed she was no older than seven or eight years old. She had piercing eyes that watched him with suspicion.
He nodded toward the girl, “Hello.”
“How do you know Nimmie?” the girl asked, with a bluntness that only a child could muster. Nicolas recognized her voice from the gourd.
“Fairuza,” Harpiba said, in a warning tone, “Run along.” She pointed toward a doorway and the little girl quickly left the room.
Harpiba turned to Nicolas. “Please excuse my daughter’s rudeness.” She took a seat in one of the chairs, curling both legs sideways under her and gestured for Nicolas to take the other seat.
Nicolas sat down and was surprised at how soft and comfortable the chair was. He imagined that he had just eased into a cloud. Which taking into consideration that the house was on top of a tree, seemed not to be out of the realm of possibility. He noticed that there was another hallway leading away from the room on the south wall. This house was big. Much too big for the little shack he had observed from the outside.
“I can see you’re wondering how my little home can hold so many rooms,” Harpiba said with an amused smile.
Nicolas nodded. “I admit I’m confused.”
She grinned. “I suppose the best way to describe it is to say my house isn’t really my home.”
Nicolas stared blankly at her.
She laughed. “What you see on the outside isn’t really my house. I live… elsewhere. The front door simply leads here.”
“I see. Do you have so many enemies that you need to take such drastic steps to stay hidden?”
Harpiba’s face hardened for an instant, then she laughed with an easy manner. “It isn’t to hide my dear, but to make traveling easier on these old legs of mine. I have a few doors around Oz, allowing me to come and go with little actual walking involved.”
Her charming laughter, combined with the comfortable chair and warm fireplace, was having quite an affect on Nicolas. He was smiling back at her, relaxed and calm. He almost forgot why he had even paid the Witch a visit. Oh yes, Nimmie needed help! That was it.
He cleared his throat. “So if I may ask, is it possible to change Miss Amee back?”
Harpiba’s smile stayed and she nodded slowly. “Yes. It’s possible…”
“Would you?” he asked, leaning forward.
Harpiba picked up a teacup that was sitting on the table between them. Steam coiled up from the hot drink. She took a sip, then traced a finger along the edge of the cup.
Strange. Nicolas hadn’t noticed the drink earlier. There was a steaming teacup in front of him as well.
“Aren’t you going to drink yours?” the Witch asked without looking at him. She was still staring down at her cup.
“Thank you, but no. I’m not fond of hot beverages. I’m a man of the forest and fresh water has always suited me just fine. Getting back to my question—”
“Why do you wish to help her? Are you a friend of hers?”
“No, but it’s been a number of years since you first turned her into a tree and she does seem to be quite a nice person.”
“Does she now?” Harpiba glanced sidelong at him. “Do you fancy her?”
Nicolas sat back, caught off guard. He felt blood rush to his cheeks and was angry that his own body would try to send a signal to the Witch that she was right. He only hoped that his rugged, tanned skin would hide it or at the very least reduce the effect. “I’ve only had one conversation with Miss Amee. I thought her punishment rather extreme. Surely it’s been long enough.”
Harpiba showed no sign of being moved by his plea. “She destroyed a very valuable artifact of mine. Irreplaceable in fact.”
“I know. She said as much. And you have made her suffer for it. I don’t fault you for the punishment itself, only the length of it.”
“Hmm. I suppose you may have a point… Nicolas is it?
“Yes, Ma’am.”
She set down her drink. “This is what I’m willing to do. I need an ingredient and can’t obtain it myself. If you fetch it for me and bring it here, I shall release her back to human form.”
Nicolas thought about the offer. Knowing it was coming from a witch, there would no doubt be danger involved, but that’s not what concerned him. He had been in plenty of scrapes before and survived. It was a matter of trust. Could he trust a witch?
He needed assurance that there wasn’t any chance of trickery. “By getting this item, will I have to harm anyone?”
“There shouldn’t be a soul in sight. Your goal would be to pluck a rare flower—the Black Blossom—that grows in a spot I cannot reach.”
“Is it far? Is there a matter of time?”
“It’s deep in the south of Oz. Quadling country. Weeks of travel by foot, but less than an hour’s march if you use one of my special doors. As for time, Miss Amee has been rooted in the same spot for years. How fast you free her is up to you. The flower will be there today as it will be there a year from now.”
Nicolas thought a moment, then restated the terms, looking for confirmation. “I retrieve the flower and bring it back to you and you restore Miss Amee to her normal self.”
Harpiba nodded. “That is the deal I am offering you, yes.”
Nicolas rose to his feet. “Then I accept.”






CHAPTER 4
INTO THE ABYSS

The Witch stood and without another word, motioned for Nicolas to follow her down a stone spiral staircase that could not possibly exist if one were looking at the shack from the outside.
It was all slightly disorienting to Nicolas and he tried not to think about it as they descended, moving past torches flickering against the damp walls.
The stairs ended in a solid oak door, which Harpiba pulled open. The long creak of its hinges echoed up the staircase. Beyond the doorway was a dark alcove with a large narrow gap showing a forest on the other side. The trees had a glossy red tinge to their leaves—a sign that what he was seeing was really a doorway to the south. The color red was prevalent there, much as green was to Emerald City.
Harpiba pointed toward the gap. “Through there are the Lost Woods.” She handed him a small piece of parchment with some lines and arrows scrawled across it. A map. She tapped a circle within a circle in the lower left-hand corner. “Lake Abyss. That is where you will find the flower.”
Taking the map, Nicolas edged past her into the doorway. In the shadows, cool air greeted him, carrying the smell of wildlife. A variety of howls and chirps came from the trees. He ducked through the gap, stepping out into daylight. Glancing back, he saw that the gap was actually a hole in the trunk of a sizable rotting tree. Within, he watched Harpiba close the door, leaving him alone to his mission.
He ran across the soft ground, weaving between the trees, leaping over moss covered rocks and logs and shallow streams. He moved quickly and silently, feeling secure with the weight of his axe against his back.
Unfamiliar animals were spotted along the way, but none bigger than he, and all fled at the sight of him. This was both good and bad. It was good because he wasn’t encountering any aggressive beasts. It was bad because most of the wildlife was far too timid. These critters were accustomed to hiding from something. He had never ventured this far south and didn’t know what lurked in these woods. Hopefully he wouldn’t be here long enough to find out.
Within an hour, Nicolas came upon the lake. Just as the Witch had said.
It was big, stretching out for miles. The water was a dark, murky blotch in the middle of the woods. In its center, Nicolas could see a circular wall jutting up a foot or so above the water level. That was his goal.
He stuffed the map into his pocket and walked along the shoreline, casting glances in all directions. The water gently lapped at the shore. It was the only sound in the lake’s stillness. The breeze had picked up and there was a cold chill that bit at him.
There didn’t seem to be any way to cross the lake. No boats were tied up anywhere as far as he could see and it was too far and too cold to swim. Not to mention, he didn’t know what kind of aquatic creatures he would encounter.
He’d have to build a raft.
Nicolas went to work. He cut down a half dozen trees of smaller stature and quickly set about chopping them into logs of  manageable size. He laid them out in formation and began lashing them together. As a lumberjack, he always carried a length of rope with him, coiled in a knot and attached to his belt. One never knew what was going to happen in the wild and it was best to be prepared.
At the two hour mark, the raft was finished. It was sturdy and tightly bound. He’d made rafts before and was confident in its construction. He dug his boots into the soft mud and pushed the craft into the water, then climbed onto it. With a crudely formed paddle, he started out toward the center of the lake.
It was a peaceful journey, his slow paddling being the only sound, making a muted splash, then a drip-drip-drip as he lifted it out, followed by another muted splash as he brought it back down.
He drifted up to the circular wall. It was short, rising only a foot out of the water, but it was thick, at least ten feet across, so there was plenty of space for him to stand on it. Since there was nothing to tie the raft to, he pulled it up onto the wall as well.
Once that was done he was able to focus on the job at hand. What he saw made him feel disoriented. Unbalanced.
Ahead lay an island surrounded by hundreds of stepping stones. If one weren’t paying attention, they’d assume the island and rocks were on the water’s surface. They’d be wrong. Fatally so.
The disconcerting part was that there was no water to speak of here. The island and stepping stones were hovering in mid-air over a vast circular pit! To make matters worse, the stepping stones weren’t stationary, but drifting lazily around the island.
Nicolas peered over the edge of the pit’s wall. He couldn’t make out anything below. He thought he might have seen a bottom. It was hard to tell. The darkness swallowed up the light.
Looking at the island, he saw that the top of the landmass was flat with laid stonework. There were three statues on it, but he couldn’t make out what they were of. The floating land was covered in red ivy. It hung down the sides, its vines rippling in the breeze, looking like decorative ribbons.
The orbiting flat rocks were chipped and weathered and also covered in the red moss and ivy. They were no more than three or four feet wide in diameter and the always shifting gaps between the rocks was not at all comforting.
He’d navigated treacherous terrain before and knew that the longer he hesitated, the less confident he would be.
Nicolas stepped onto the nearest rock. It wobbled slowly adjusting to his weight. The gaps around him were too wide to merely step from one rock to the other. He would have to jump from rock to rock. Again, wasting no time, he leaped forward, landing firmly on a passing chunk of stone. Then another jump. And another. He pressed forward, edging closer and closer, rock by rock.
On the next leap though, when he landed, part of the rock crumbled away. He dropped and clawed at the surface of what was left of the floating stone. His fingers caught the edge, holding on for dear life. The fragments that had broken off lost their buoyancy and fell down into the pit. As he scrambled to find a handhold, he heard the pieces of rock splash at the pit’s bottom. Somehow, knowing that there was a bottom at all, made him less fearful.
The sound that followed though, sent a chill up his spine. A deep guttural growl from the darkness below. Angry splashes accompanied it.
Nicolas didn’t want to look down, but couldn’t help himself. He could see the bottom now. Either his eyes had adjusted or there was more light from this angle. The water at the bottom was rough, caused by something thrashing around down there. He saw glimpses of glistening scales and strange shapes appearing and disappearing on the surface. 
His fingers were slipping. He snapped back to attention. The remaining section of rock tilted down toward him. In another few seconds, he was going to find out first hand what was at the bottom of the pit.






CHAPTER 5
THE BLACK BLOSSOM

One hand slipped off.
Four fingers were all that was preventing Nicolas from plummeting into the unknown.
He gritted his teeth. His fingers ached. His strength was seeping away. The pit felt like it was pulling him down. Wanting him to fall.
Hungry for him.
Then he saw it. A rock drifting by with tangled vines hanging off it. Just out of reach.
A little closer. Please. Just a little.
He stretched his free hand out. The vines were tantalizingly close, yet just beyond his grasp. He felt the ivy brush by his fingertips. Teasing.
His pinky slipped.
Three fingers held him in place. They started to quiver from the strain.
A breeze kissed his face. The ivy rustled and blew toward him as well.
It was the chance he needed. He grabbed the vines, just as his other hand slid off. He swung back and forth on the dangling ivy, gripping it as tightly as possible. The growth was thick, making it easier to climb back up.
Soon he was on top, lying on his stomach, taking a minute to catch his breath. The rock felt good under him. Solid and secure. That had been too close. His heart was beating hard, drumming against his chest. He inhaled deeply and calmed himself. He wasn’t safe yet.
With a frustrated swipe of his arm, he wiped the sweat from his brow and climbed back to his feet. Angry at himself, he frowned, knowing that another mistake like that could cost him his life.
Nicolas stood and steeled himself for the rest of the way. Five more jumps. That’s all it would take for him to reach his goal. He leaped. Now there were only four left. Then three. Two.
Adrenaline surged through him for his last jump.
He landed on the island, rolling to his feet. He let himself relax. Being on a larger landmass, the threat of falling melted away.
The island was square-shaped and stretched out approximately fifty feet across each way. It was an open court with more ivy crisscrossing the floor. Weeds and grass had sprouted between the stone blocks, making the floor uneven.
Above, clouds drifted across the blue sky.
Directly ahead, there was a single stone statue of a monstrous beast that stood twelve feet high. The scaly creature was coiled around a stone egg, with six clawed tentacles tightly gripping it. The statue was rearing up, staring straight at him with multiple eyes, as if daring him to come closer. Briefly, Nicolas wondered if that creature was related to the thing at the bottom of the pit. He shook off another chill that was working its way down his arms.
Nicolas paused, taking in the situation. There was no need to rush in and endanger himself.
The statue, though lifelike, wasn’t alive. It was roughly carved with aged cracks all along its form. Moss and ivy had claimed much of it. Its six arms clutched the sides of the egg with greedy sharp talons. Three weathered steps led up to its prize. The egg was hollowed out and Nicolas could see something inside. It looked like a dark flower growing in a patch of dirt.
The Black Blossom.
Nicolas glanced around at his surroundings. Two more statues stood behind him, standing over fifteen feet high with brutish, wide rhinoceros-like faces, minus the horns. Spiked ridges ran down the back of their heads. Their bodies resembled a gorilla’s with a massive chest and muscular arms, sitting atop much smaller legs. They were threatening images, but again, age had taken its toll on them as well. Cracks, moss and ivy had claimed them as much, if not more, than the guardian of the flower. Nicolas walked over to one of them and knocked on it with his knuckles. Solid rock.
Turning back to the egg clutching statue, Nicolas slowly began to approach. Standing before it, he could feel its power of intimidation, but Nicolas was made of stronger stuff. He was born of the wild and feared little. He was cautious, only because of the potential for traps.
By the time he reached the third stair, his senses were at such a heightened state that the sound of his boots against the stone seemed to echo across the courtyard. He could hear stray insects traveling along the vines, skitching and clicking as they went. Everything seemed to make a sound around him. Everything except the Black Blossom. There was a deafening silence that came from it. An eerie, terrible silence.
Nicolas gave the area one final scan, then licked his chapped lips and reached forward. The hole was only big enough for one hand. He gently dug his fingers into the cold, soft dirt, cupping the flower.
There was a sudden sharp metallic clang as iron grates clamped down around his wrist, trapping him!
Before he could react, he felt himself drop a few inches. He looked at his feet and saw that the two stones he was standing on had sunk down into the ground. More metal grates instantly shot out from the sides of the depression, interlocking around his ankles.
Nicolas was completely immobile. Only his left arm was of any use. He struggled against the restraints. They were solid and unmoving.
A new sound echoed across the courtyard. Grinding. Stone against stone.
Nicolas froze. It was coming from behind him. He twisted his head around as much as he could and saw that the two statues were slowly standing up, detaching themselves from their bases. The floor rumbled. Bits of rock and dust fell away as they stepped free onto the courtyard and faced him.
There was a pause. A brief stillness that gripped the moment. Nicolas knew what was coming. His muscles tightened reflexively.
The two stone giants charged at him.







CHAPTER 6
SURVIVING THE SENTRIES

Seconds.
That’s all Nicolas had before they would reach him.
The two living statues ran at him on all fours like deranged giant apes. The stones under his imprisoned feet shook from the heavy impacts.
Nicolas concentrated on trying to pull his legs free, using every ounce of strength he could muster. They didn’t budge. Any more effort and he was sure he would snap an ankle.
He did feel something though. A fraction of looseness around his right heel. He could feel his foot slipping inside his boot. A little more work and soon one foot was free. He quickly wriggled his left foot, stretching the leather, creating extra space.
The ground quaked as the two sentry statues were almost upon him.
His left foot slipped free. Nicolas jumped forward, hugging the side of the egg guarding statue, his right hand still locked inside it.
Behind him four pairs of fists slammed into the ground, where he had just been standing. The impact was jarring.
The two stone figures withdrew their club-like fists and stared at the empty step in front of them. They turned their fists around, looking for the usual smear of blood and bone, but found no trace. With a squared off finger, one of them poked at the boots, now crushed and flattened against the stone floor.
Nicolas watched them scrutinize the spot in confusion. They obviously weren’t the brightest of creatures, which suited Nicolas just fine. He hoped they’d forget about him and return to their posts. His hopes evaporated when the closest sentry raised its head and gazed right at him. Nicolas froze, not even chancing to breathe.
The sentry let out a low accusing growl and swung its blocky fist at him. Nicolas dropped down in front of the egg again, lowering himself as much as he could.
The stone giant struck the guardian statue instead. Chunks of of the scaly beast crumbled away in a plume of pulverized rock.
Nicolas felt the metal grate around his wrist give a little. One more strike like that and his arm would be free! He leaped back onto the guardian statue, holding on to the fresh jagged edges. He laughed loudly at the sentry and called out to it, “You missed!”
The second sentry shouldered his way past the first, pushing the other aside. It came on strong, right for Nicolas. It raised a fist and smashed it down toward him. Nicolas waited until the last second, then rolled away, letting it demolish another large portion of the right side of the guardian statue.
The metal grate twisted away, releasing Nicolas’ hand. The second sentry was already turning around toward him to finish the job. It was furious that Nicolas had escaped a second time.
Nicolas ran straight for the first sentry. A suicidal move if anyone had been witness to it. There was no way Nicolas could fight off one of these living statues. Made of solid rock, his axe would be of no use. The blade would shatter after only a few strikes. No, Nicolas had something else in mind. He rushed toward the first sentry, then dove and rolled under its legs, past it.
The surprised giant made a quick grab for him, but caught only air.
Nicolas looked back and saw the second sentry—who had been charging after him—plow into the first. The sound reverberated across the courtyard. A sharp thunderous crack. The first went down, tumbling several feet. The second stumbled and staggered to regain its balance. 
Thinking fast, Nicolas angled for the fallen first sentry, making sure that the second giant saw him. Nicolas climbed onto the back of the first, not bothering to hide his effort. The spiked ridges down the spine gave him a good perch. The sentry grunted under him as it got back to its feet, swaying, unaware of its passenger. Just as it stood, the second arrived and smashed the first across the face with a right hook. The hit was so hard, Nicolas’ teeth rattled. He held fast though. He stretched up to be seen over the sentry’s head. “Is that all you’ve got, big guy?”
The sound of Nicolas’ voice being so close confused the first sentry as it was about to retaliate. It paused and looked up, searching for Nicolas. It was a fatal mistake. Nicolas saw the piledriver punch coming and leaped from his position.
The first sentry’s head crashed down next to Nicolas, almost crushing him underneath. It rolled past him like a runaway boulder. A second later, the headless body struck the ground,  causing the entire island to quake. Nicolas watched the head roll off the edge of the courtyard and heard the distant splash as it hit the water far below.
The ground shook behind him.
One down, one to go. Nicolas spun to see the second sentry launch itself into the air, coming right at him. Both of its large fists were falling, ready to wipe him out of existence. He rolled to the left, barely avoiding becoming a stain on the floor. It was so close, the shockwave sent him tumbling toward the edge.
Nicolas sailed over, hands scrambling for purchase. His fingertips bled as they dug into the stone. At the last possible second, he caught a vine and slapped against the side of the rock. He could hear the thumping steps of the sentry coming closer to check on its handiwork.
There were plenty of hanging vines and creepers along this edge and Nicolas made use of them. He clambered across the red-tinted latticework, moving sideways along the wall. He was an excellent climber and quickly put some distance between the monster and himself. He was already pulling himself up over the edge by the time the sentry reached the point of his fall. It leaned out, grunting, searching for any trace of Nicolas’ death. Nicolas almost felt bad that he was going to have to disappoint the stone giant. Almost.
“Hey, ugly! I’m over here!” Nicolas yelled, as he walked casually backward toward the far edge.
The surviving sentry whipped around, staring at him with angry, blank stone eyes. It started to lumber toward Nicolas, stomping its heavy fists into the ground.
Nicolas was going to need it to come a lot faster than that. “Come on! Come and get me! Actually try this time!”
The beast leaned forward and barreled toward him at full speed.
A grin spread across Nicolas’ face. That was more like it!
The stone floor vibrated under the heavy pounding of the sentry’s charge. Nicolas stood still, waiting patiently for it.
Closer and closer.
It was almost on him.
Now.
Nicolas stepped backward off the edge and fell.






CHAPTER 7
THE BEAST FROM BELOW

What the sentry didn’t realize until it was too late, was that Nicolas was still clutching a vine.
Nicolas’ fall halted a few feet past the edge. He watched the living statue fly out into the open air above him. It flailed its muscled arms and let out a muted roar as it fell down, down, down into the darkness below. There was a long stretch of silence followed by a huge splash. The splashing didn’t stop. Something roared down there. Something was angry. And it wasn’t the sentry.
Hand over hand, he inched his way back up to the top. Once on solid ground, he stood and dusted himself off, laughing. In his line of work, he knew that the bigger the tree, the more you let gravity and momentum do the work for you. “Not too bad for a simple lumberjack. Now, to get what I came for.”
Nicolas walked over to what was left of the dragon statue. It was barely recognizable from its previous appearance. Massive pieces of it were missing, leaving an irregular, ragged outline. The egg had managed to stay mostly intact, still protecting the flower.
With steady hands, Nicolas scooped up the Black Blossom, holding it like a baby. He emptied his satchel of flint stones, hooks and other supplies, then gently placed the flower inside.
He’d have to take care not to crush it on the journey back.
He glanced at his boots. They were flattened and shredded, still caught in the metal grates. He’d have to go shoeless.
As he was about to make his first return jump, a sound echoed in the pit. A lengthy creak. Like a heavy metal door opening.
Then another sound. Flowing water.
He looked down over the edge and saw that water was pouring in through a hole on the pit’s side. A steel hatch had opened and its lid was flipped up above it.
Several more sealed hatches creaked open, letting torrents of water crash through the spouts.
More and more were opening.
Dozens, maybe hundreds of the hatches were popping open now, flooding the pit.
The water level at the bottom was rising.
The vicious snarls were getting louder. The creature was rising with the water.
Nicolas knew he had to move fast! He jumped onto a floating rock. Then another and another. He hopped from stone to stone, crossing as quickly as he could. The sounds below him resembled the deep crashing sounds of a natural waterfall. A constant booming roar of water, churning itself into a white frothy tempest.
His leaps were faster and faster. With the threat of what was coming, the way back seemed easier. Maybe because he was relying purely on instinct and not letting his thoughts interfere.
The water’s surface was only thirty feet under him now. Much too close.
A tentacle slapped around the rock Nicolas was just jumping from, flipping it over. Luckily he was already airborne. He landed and looked over his shoulder. The rock he was just on was yanked down into the water.
Nicolas vaulted to the next rock and then finally onto the wall. He shoved the raft into the lake and paddled away as fast as his arms would allow. He could hear the deep rumbling behind him of the pit filling with water. Soon it would reach the lake’s water level. Then the monster would be free…
He shook off the thought and paddled harder and faster. He had to put as much distance between them as possible.
The rumbling stopped.
He looked back in a cold sweat. The water in the pit spilled over the wall into the lake. There was a deadly silence. Then—
An immense shape sloshed over into the lake with tentacles whipping in and out of the water, sending up waves of spray. Flashes of glistening green skin covered in scales, sharp yellowed teeth, and black soulless eyes.
Nicolas ripped his gaze away and paddled hard.
The sounds of splashing and snarling was moving toward him. Swells of water were threatening to throw him off the raft.
He was almost to shore.
He could make it.
There was a wet slap and his raft lurched.
He turned and saw that a tentacle had wrapped around the corner of his raft. The elastic looking appendage was stretched tight. It ended in a webbed claw that dug into the soft wood. Nicolas reacted swiftly on reflex. The paddle was dropped and his axe appeared in his hands, already coming down on the hideous thing. He chopped the tentacle off with one clean cut, spraying himself with black blood.
The monster roared in pain.
Nicolas looked back and saw the thing rise up in a howl of fury, then suddenly submerge.
The creature’s actions sent another swell toward Nicolas that carried him further to shore, faster than he could have done himself. The last twenty feet beckoned to him, but without a paddle he was at the mercy of the horrible beast. He flattened himself and tried to use his free arm to inch the raft closer.
Behind him, there was a crash of water as the monster exploded to the surface. Again the creature’s sudden movement threw up a wave that surged upward, sending Nicolas and his raft hurtling toward shore. He clutched his satchel, protecting the flower. He landed on his shoulder in the soft mud, his legs still in the water.
Tentacles whipped out, striking the shore with a vengeance, seeking out its prey. One gripped the trunk of a tree and snapped it in two. Another one found Nicolas’ legs and coiled around them, pulling him back into the lake.
He saw the huge beast just beyond the shallows. It wouldn’t be able to follow him on land. It was locked by the lake. The only way it could get him was if he was in the water with it.
That’s not going to happen, Nicolas thought to himself.
 His axe came down again, lopping off the tentacle, freeing his legs.
The monster gave a blood curdling howl, waving its amputated end in the air, thrashing its remaining tentacles in a fit of rage.
Nicolas was already up and running into the forest, out of its range. The monster’s furious screams were receding behind him. Relief started to course through Nicolas. His muscles relaxed and he smiled. The soft cushion of grass felt good under his bare feet. He had succeeded!
The task had taken most of the day and now night was threatening to envelop the forest in darkness. He had to hurry. Not only would it be difficult to navigate by moonlight, but there would be nocturnal predators to worry about.
Years and years of living in the woods had instilled in him a natural compass, an instinct, that guided him where he needed to go. With a sure and steady pace, he was already tracing his own path back to the rotting tree. He kept one hand on his satchel to prevent its precious contents from being jostled. As long as he didn’t encounter any obstacles, the flower would reach its destination unharmed.
Unfortunately, halfway to the tree, Nicolas’ keen hearing picked up the soft padding of a four legged creature somewhere behind him.
Something was following him.
Something new.






CHAPTER 8
FALLING FOR NIMMIE

It was following him, keeping pace with him.
Nicolas had no choice but to ignore it. Night was falling. A fight would be too dangerous in the dark. He’d have to set down the flower to do battle. The chance it could be squashed underfoot or eaten by some other animal was too great. He leaned forward and increased his speed. The creature’s soft footsteps sped up to match him. It was a race!
Sprinting headlong into the dark forest, Nicolas used his finely tuned senses to avoid rocks, trees, and uneven ground. He ducked and jumped and darted to the left and right, never slowing down. The creature behind him wasn’t as agile. Branches could be heard breaking. Splashes of puddles. Grunts of labor.
Nicolas didn’t stop. Couldn’t stop. When he was focused on a goal, he was single-minded. The rotting tree was ahead, backlit by the half moon, looking like a rising twisted claw, reaching up toward the night sky. In an instant, he was at the door, shouldering it open, not bothering to knock. He plowed through the doorway and crashed into the stone hallway at the bottom of the spiral staircase.
He had turned, hitting the wall with his back, protecting the flower. He lay on the floor, staring out through the open doorway. 
A maniacal, brute of a beast was charging at him, covered in bright red fur and baring a gaping maw full of long, sharp teeth. Drool and spittle hung from its lips, anticipating its next meal. 
Nicolas didn’t know what it was, but he wasn’t going to wait and find out. He kicked the door shut and braced for its impact. The door shuddered as the monster crashed into the other side. Its thick claws began carving into the wood, then a pause, followed by another thudding smash.
The door opened a fraction. Nicolas quickly shoved it closed again, using the wall behind him to brace against. If it continued, he didn’t know if he could stop it.
“Mother!” An alarmed shout from above him, on the stairs.
He looked up to see the Witch’s daughter sitting on the staircase, watching him.
Harpiba descended a second later. “Do you have it?”
“You’re about to have an uninvited guest!” he grunted, irritated at her lack of interest in his current situation.
“Do you have it?” she asked again.
“Yes!” he growled.
The Witch rushed down to his level. She paid no attention to the shaking door, held in place by Nicolas’ tired, trembling legs. The Witch placed a hand on the wall next to the door, never taking her eyes off the satchel in his hands.
Much to his surprise, the door faded away, replaced by a stone wall. The doorway was gone and with it the beast on the other side. It was suddenly quiet, with Nicolas’ heavy gasping echoing in the small area.
“Show it to me,” she said.
He opened his satchel and pulled the flower out, cradling it. It was undamaged.
The Witch knelt next to him, about to take the flower from him.
He pulled it away and stood. “We had a deal.”
The Witch nodded, giving him a sly smile. “Of course.” She bowed her head slightly and ascended the stairs, “Follow me.” Harpiba shooed her daughter up ahead of her.
Nicolas followed her up to the main level and into a chamber full of colored potions and stuffed animals staring down with glass eyes. To the side, hanging over a fire-pit, was a black cauldron filled with bubbling black slime. The smell wafting over from it was strangely sweet. He waited while the Witch perused her shelves, looking over them, searching for something. Her daughter observed from the doorway, watching everything with curious, devious eyes.
After a minute or two, the Witch pulled a dusty object from a lower shelf. It was an amber crystal with a lock of hair trapped inside it. She blew on it, sending a small cloud of dust Nicolas’ way. He let out an involuntary cough.
“This,” the Witch said, holding the crystal out to him, “is the hex that holds Miss Amee in her current form. Break it and you will free her.”
“She’ll be human again?” he asked, not entirely trusting the Witch because, well, because she was a witch.
Harpiba nodded. “She will be as she was, as if no spell had ever been cast.”
Nicolas took the amber crystal and in turn, handed her the Black Blossom.
The Witch held her breath as she cradled her prize, delicately tracing a dark silky petal with her finger.
Her excitement gave Nicolas pause. An uneasy feeling crept over him, tightening the pit of his stomach. “What will you be doing with that, if I may ask?”
Harpiba smiled. “Something wonderful.” She set the flower carefully down on a table and motioned for him to follow. Her daughter had sidled up to the flower and reached out to touch it. Harpiba lashed out, giving the back of her daughter’s hand a good hard slap. Her daughter yanked it back and frowned, moving away from the flower.
“I’ll show you to the door,” Harpiba said in a pleasant, albeit, rushed tone. She led him to her front door and held it open for him to exit.
On the way to the door, Nicolas had noticed that when the Witch had passed by a mirror, her reflection had been radically different. Her pale skin was aged with wrinkles. Her luxurious raven hair was course and gray. The sighting had been so quick that he wondered if he had imagined it.
He stepped through the door and nodded back to her. “I can’t say it was a pleasure doing business with you, but if this works, then I thank you.”
“You are a brave and noble soul. How could I resist?” She said, with a light laugh.
He started to walk away, then glanced back at her, “If it doesn’t work… then rest assured, I’ll be back.”
“I have honored my part of the bargain. She will be restored. You needn’t worry.”
Nicolas’ sensed that she was telling the truth. After all the stories he had heard about Witches and the evil that they could do, he had to admit that Harpiba did not live up to those tales. She might not be the friendliest of people, but she had kept her word, without any repercussions toward him. 
He winced as he walked across the thorny canopy. With no shoes, each step was causing him a considerable amount of pain. He stopped near the edge, looking for some sort of way through the thick mesh of tight branches.
“Is there a problem?” Harpiba called out from the door.
He looked over at her, baffled. “How do I get down?”
A grin spread across her lips that filled Nicolas with a cold dread. “I’m so glad you asked.” 
She snapped her fingers and for a split second, he saw her as the wretched old hag that she was, with her devilish daughter laughing right behind her. Then he felt the world drop away.
The branches opened up under Nicolas’ feet.
He was falling.
Weightless.
Brisk night air whipped by his cheek. Down through the canopy he went.
The length of the great tree passed by him in a blur.
Then—
He hit the ground. Hard.
Something snapped under him. He hoped it was the handle of his axe and not his spine. He felt cold. Numb. His eyelids were heavy. His head fell to one side. He saw that the amber crystal had shattered. The lock of hair that had been trapped inside, now rested in his palm. He closed his fingers around it as everything went black.






CHAPTER 9
THE TINSMITH

Pain.
That was the first sensation Nicolas felt. Then an overall ache. Every part of him hurt. There was also a heaviness that was weighing him down.
There was a groan. It sounded awful. He realized the sound was coming from himself.
He forced his eyes to open. It was bright and he had to squint until he adjusted to it.
“There you are.” The voice was sweet and delightful. A young woman. It was familiar. The owner of the voice came into view and Nicolas was suddenly wide awake.
It was Nimmie Amee. He could tell by her eyes. They were light brown and wide, tilting up at the corners. She was human again. And she was beautiful. Her bright red, curly hair danced down around her pink face. Her smile was captivating.
“Hi.” It was all Nicolas could say at the moment.
“Hi. Do you recognize me?” she asked, mischievously.
“Of course I do, Nimmie.”
“You did it. You freed me,” she said with bubbly delight.
“I told you I would.”
“Thank you, Nicolas.” She kissed him on the cheek.
Her lips left a lasting impression of heat on Nicolas’ skin. It seemed to burn, warming his heart. “You’re welcome,” he coughed as he said it, which sent stabbing spasms through his chest.
“Easy, easy. You’re still healing.” She gently caressed his forehead.
“What’s wrong with me? Why can’t I move?” He lifted his head and looked down at himself. His chest was encased in a dull silver metal. Further down, so was his waist. And hips. His forearms had cylindrical metal casings wrapped around them, as did his upper arms. He found that he could lift an arm, it just took extra effort.
“What…?” He could make no sense of it.
“Tin,” an older man’s voice said, coming from the side.
Nicolas looked over and saw a white-haired, short, scruffy fellow seated on a metal stool, wearing blue overalls that were covered in dirt and grime.  
The man rubbed his short white beard. His fingertips had oil and charcoal stains. “It was the only thing I had on hand, lad.”
Nicolas stared at him, befuddled.
“They’re casts, boy.” The old man pointed at him. “Broke nearly every bone in your body.”
Nicolas felt relieved. It was an explanation he could understand. “Who are you?”
“Ku Klip. Tinsmith. At your service,” Ku said, with a wink. “Nimmie sought me out after she found you all twisted up. I brought you back home to get you on the mend.”
Nimmie touched Nicolas’ cheek. “I told you she was dangerous. You’re lucky you escaped with only broken bones.”
“I let my guard down. That’s all.”
Ku Klip wagged a finger at him, then pointed at Nimmie. “You’ve got yourself a winner here, son. She’s looked after you for the past two weeks, waiting for you to come around.”
“Two weeks!” he said, shocked.
Nimmie nodded. “You’ve been unconscious.”
The news was making him light-headed.
She placed a cold cloth against his forehead. “Rest.”
“I think I’ve rested enough.” He started to sit up.
She gently pushed him back down. “Mr. Klip’s given you a healing elixir which should speed up your recovery—“
“My last one!” Ku announced from the side.
“And we thank you for it,” she said, giving Ku a sweet smile, then turned back to Nicolas. “It’s still going to take some time to heal. Don’t worry, I won’t leave your side.”
With that comforting thought, Nicolas succumbed to sleep once again.






CHAPTER 10
THE ROOTS OF TERROR

Over the course of the next week, Nicolas and Nimmie grew closer and closer. She fed him and helped him at every turn.
She was very interested in how he had convinced the Witch to restore her. Nicolas told of the deal struck and the adventure in obtaining the flower. News of the Black Blossom disturbed Nimmie.
She didn’t know what the Witch wanted with it, but she knew that it was used in dark magicks.
Nicolas was less concerned. Though the Witch had let him fall, she had also restored Nimmie. “Let bygones be bygones”, he had said to Nimmie.
Nimmie wasn’t so trusting. During that week, she would disappear for hours at a time. When Nicolas asked where she had been, she would avoid the question, changing the subject. Nicolas didn’t press her, instead, during her time away, he found himself interested in the workings of Ku Klip.
Nicolas and the tinsmith would discuss ways of aiding his rehabilitation. Ku Klip worked out a method of attaching structural joints to Nicolas’ tin casts, allowing him to stand and eventually walk. It served as a sort of outer skeleton.
Both of them had also looked over Nicolas’ axe. The strong wooden handle had snapped apart during his fall. Nicolas was devastated. He had owned that axe since he was a teenager.
Ku surprised him later in the week by presenting him with his axe refashioned with a new handle. One made of ranth, an extremely strong wood. Apparently Ku was as capable with shaping wood as he was with metal.
“Ku, I don’t know what to say. It’s beautiful. Better than my old one ever was.”
Ku waved it away. “Aw, it was nothin’. I saw how upset you were and all.”
“Thank you.”
“By the looks of it, you’ll get to try it out soon.”
And it was true. With the elixir’s magic, Nicolas’ limbs were healing fast and the tin frame holding him together was allowing him to walk around and strengthen his muscles.
So much so, that the next time Nimmie was about to go out on one of her mysterious trips, Nicolas insisted on joining her. At first, she resisted, but he was just as stubborn.
“Alright,” she said, finally relenting, “I’ll show you what I’ve found, but you have to promise that you won’t do anything rash.”
He nodded. “I promise.”

*   *   *

A half day of travel brought them to an area of the forest that was engulfed in a low hanging mist. They crept up a hill that overlooked a field of trees.
Trees, thought Nicolas with repulsion.
Being a lumberjack, he had seen thousands of different types of trees and these were no such thing. What lay beyond the hill was an abomination. Black, twisted, gnarled grotesqueries thrusting from the ground, that were imitating the look of trees. Mocking the beauty of them with crusty bark and limbs lined with patches of dull, dead leaves.
“Terror Trees,” Nimmie whispered, “This is what she has conjured using the Black Blossom. She’s creating an army.”
“I allowed this to happen.” Nicolas was dismayed.
“Your intentions were good. You couldn’t have known.”
“All the same. I have to stop this.”
She held his arm. “You promised not to do anything rash.”
“This isn’t rash. It’s simply what needs to be done. Stay here.”
He stood and walked down the hill toward the crop of horror. He pulled out his new axe. The weight was different. The heavier handle took some getting used to. The best way to break in a new tool was to use it. He faced the first Terror Tree. It creaked and groaned, turning to look at him. Without a word, Nicolas chopped it down with two strikes. He moved to the next and repeated the action. The rest of the trees sensed the danger and began screaming in alarm. One by one, Nicolas decimated the crop until finally, he brought down the last tree.
He lowered his weapon and leaned on it, breathing heavily. The effort had taxed his weakened body.
Nimmie ran up to him and steadied him, wrapping an arm around his broad shoulder. “The Witch isn’t going to be happy about this.”
“I’m not afraid of her. Let her come and get me.”






CHAPTER 11
THE VILE VISITOR

Nicolas awoke to an eerie silence in Ku Klip’s cabin.
He noticed it right away. Normally at this hour, Ku could be heard out in his shop, hammering away at some new tin creation. Now there was only silence, not even a bird was chirping.
Nicolas sat up, his tin casts scraping and clanging against each other. He had gotten used to the sounds by now. They were a part of his every day existence. He barely paid any attention to them.
It had been a week since he had taken care of the Witch’s trees. He had let himself fall into a false sense of security. In fact, at the moment, he felt like he was being watched. He looked over at Ku Klip’s stool and his blood went cold.
Icy needles flowed through his veins at the sight of Harpiba sitting there watching him with a smug smile, leaning on the handle of his new axe.
“I seem to have lost a crop of trees I was growing,” she said in a sweetly innocent tone.
“That’s a shame.”
“They were chopped down. I was curious who would dare destroy my property. Then I remembered I had recently met a lumberjack…”
He glared at her. “Coincidence, maybe.”
“I thought I was rid of you,” she said, suddenly dropping her sugary tone.
“I thought we had a deal,” he said flatly.
“I kept my end of the bargain,” she snapped.
“Except for the small part of trying to kill me,” he shot back.
“I never agreed that I wouldn’t.” Her malevolent smile widened. “It was a bonus.”
“And I never agreed that I wouldn’t cut down evil trees if I came across some.”
She laughed. “No matter, that was only one crop.”
Nicolas tried to cover his surprise. He’d have to find and destroy the rest.
“I like your new look,” she said, tilting her head, “Tin suits you.”
Nicolas scowled at her. He had to get her out of here before Nimmie or Ku came back—then it hit him—they were gone. The Witch had done something to them. He stood up, staring Harpiba down.
“Where are they?” Nicolas demanded.
“Ah, I was wondering when you would ask. Your tinsmith friend is right outside.”
Nicolas stepped to the front door and looked out.
A tin statue of Ku Klip was standing in front of his shop. Nicolas’ stomach dropped when he realized that was Ku himself, transformed into one of his own tin creations. Nicolas whipped around back to the Witch. “Where’s Nimmie? Did you change her back again?”
Harpiba laughed. Less melodious than when he had been in her house. It was more of a cackle now. “No my dear. That wouldn’t do at all. She’s back at my castle where she’ll serve me until the day she dies. That way I can keep an eye on her.”
Nicolas started toward the Witch.
“Ah, ah, ah. If you touch me, her life will end much sooner than you’d like.”
Nicolas stopped in his tracks, frustrated.
“If you want her to remain alive and well, I’d advise staying away from her. Do you understand? If you want her to remain unharmed and live a long life, then you can never see her again.”
The Witch watched with amusement as Nicolas’ face reddened and contorted into a twisted visage of rage. She stood and feigned a frown. “So that there’s no hard feelings, I’ve enchanted your axe so that it can never break.” She held it out to him. “Friends?”
Nicolas didn’t move. He glared at her with a red hot intensity.
Harpiba let out a wild cackle and leaned the axe against the wall. She clicked her heels three times and disappeared in a vortex of whipping winds, leaving behind a fading echo of her maniacal laughter.
Nicolas stood alone as the mini cyclone subsided in the Witch’s wake. All was quiet, leaving him alone with his thoughts. The Witch knew he would go after her. He could never let Nimmie live the rest of her life as a servant for the hag. And poor Ku Klip. He would remain a statue if Nicolas didn’t do anything. This was all his fault. He had stirred the pot. Now it was his mess to clean up. The Witch wasn’t one to be reasoned with. Nimmie had tried to warn him of that.
His bones hadn’t healed all the way, but he was mobile now. He could walk. Potentially run, if needed. He was stronger. He could feel his muscles underneath the tin casts, desiring to be flexed and utilized. He ached, yes, but nothing he couldn’t handle.
He looked down at his axe. A gift from Ku, now tainted by the Witch. It was an invitation—her giving him this axe. No, not an invitation—a dare. She was daring him to rescue Nimmie.
There were no other weapons at hand. Besides, after a lifetime of use, the axe was a part of him. Using anything else would be a handicap. He stared at it. He knew the Witch had done something to it. It was part of her game.
He wasn’t afraid of her.
He snatched up his weapon and gripped it tight in his large calloused hands.
“Here I come.”






CHAPTER 12
THE EXTRA ENCHANTMENT

Nicolas paused at the tree line bordering the Witch’s clearing. Or what used to be a clearing.
An army of Terror Trees now stood between him and the Witch’s tree house.
They were massed around the tree stalk, lurking in the low hanging fog. The clouds overhead had drawn together, casting a state of gloom over the area.
Harpiba had been telling the truth about there being more than one crop. She had been working fast, building a force of evil using the Black Blossom he had brought her.
Nicolas looked up at the top of the tree. Somewhere in that shack up there, Nimmie was being held captive. But not for long.
He charged out into the open, his tin casts, rattling. They slowed him down, but he was used to it. Had adapted to it.
At the sight of him, the trees groaned in alarm. The deep, moan spreading like a wave throughout the dark wooden army. Black oily leaves rustled as the trees rushed forward to bar his way.
The first tree went down with two swings. Nicolas noticed that his axe glimmered with the strikes. The beautiful ranth handle was instantly transformed into metal. It gleamed in his large hands.
The Witch had said his axe would be unbreakable.
With no time to think, he swung at the next enemy. With his anger rising, he was able to take it down with one chop. Again, there was a brief flash from his axe.
This time, however, Nicolas took note that his right arm felt strange. Slightly heavier. Sensation in his right hand had diminished, almost to the point of being numb. He glanced down and stared in shock. His right hand was made entirely of tin! Not a cast, but it was actually constructed of metal!
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a big Terror Tree attacking. Its long, twisted, branched limb coming down at him with incredible force. Nicolas jumped back, barely avoiding it. The branch thumped down into the ground, making a deep depression. Nicolas retaliated with a swing of his own. THUNK! His axe blade cleaved the tree’s limb right off!
The flash from his axe again.
His forearm had changed. It reflected the grey light from above. With each strike of his axe, part of him turned to metal.
The Witch had added an extra enchantment. 
A swift slash from a sharp branch cut Nicolas’ face, drawing blood. His axe flashed, splitting the tree in two with a loud snap.
His left hand shifted from flesh and blood into cold metal.
Another round of attacks, followed by quick flashes of his sharp axe blade.
He stumbled back on unfamiliar metal legs.
The horde wasn’t stopping. They moved forward as one, surrounding him.
Nicolas realized his predicament. He couldn’t turn back. The trees were all around him. They were after his blood. They would kill him, if he didn’t defend himself. And yet, with every swing of his axe, he was dooming himself to becoming a man made of metal.
Then he felt his heart pumping in his chest, pushing warmth out into the rest of him, even into his cold metal hands and feet. It didn’t matter what became of him, as long as he freed Nimmie. She had endured being a tree for years. Trapped in a form that anchored her in place, unable to enjoy a normal life. She deserved better. He had promised her that she would have that.
His panic eased into a soothing calm. With a sure and steady determination, Nicolas swung away, hacking with increasing force. Tree after tree fell under his blade. His axe flashed faster and faster. More cracks and sharp snaps came from each fallen nightmare. Wooden shards and splinters shot this way and that as Nicolas cut and chopped and slashed his way through the rows of enemies.
By the time he reached the Witch’s giant tree stalk, there were no more Terror Trees to stop him. They lay in pieces, across the clearing with the fog rolling over them like a blanket being drawn up, hiding them from sight.
Surprisingly, he wasn’t tired. After such a fierce battle, he should be exhausted. He wasn’t even breathing heavy. In fact, he wasn’t breathing at all.
Nicolas looked down at himself. His entire body was metal, shining in the gloom. Every part of him. He touched his face, his fingers clanging against the hard surface of his cheek. Metal against metal.
He was no longer human.
He was a tin man.






CHAPTER 13
THE RAGING RESCUE

Nicolas didn’t take any time to mourn his loss. He climbed the tree up to where the canopy loomed, stretching out far overhead. There was no point to try to talk his way in.
Armed with his axe, his reinforced body gave him the strength to cut a hole through the thick mesh blocking his way. He pulled and yanked the branches aside, clawing his way up, until he finally rolled out onto the top of the canopy.
The Witch’s weathered shack lay ahead. Or rather the doorway to wherever she made her real home.
With one solid kick, he smashed the door off its rusty hinges. Nicolas stomped inside, his metallic footsteps reverberating against the stone walls as he made his way down the hall into the cozy study where he had sat with the Witch.
“Nimmie!” he bellowed into the castle.
“Nicolas! I’m h—!” Her shout was cut short.
This spurred Nicolas down a hallway, toward the source of her voice. He entered the chamber of potions where the Witch had given him the amber crystal to free Nimmie.
The Witch was there, facing him, her back against the far wall. She had a sneer playing about her lips. There was a wild gleam in her eyes. She had one hand down at her side, holding her raven-haired daughter against her hip.
The daughter’s eyes were wide and frightened.
Against another wall was Nimmie, entwined in a mass of dark green tendrils coming from a thin snake-like tree. The tree’s limbs were tightening around her. One was wrapped around her delicate throat, strangling her. Her eyes were closed. Unconscious, he hoped.
He only had an instant to take in the sight before Harpiba clicked her heels once with a hard snap and magically hurled everything in the room at him.
First a chair came tumbling through the air toward him. He threw his arm up to block the incoming missile. It shattered against his metal forearm. Another chair followed it, then a barrage of books, skulls, and other dusty artifacts. A metal cage smashed against his arm, rending the wire frame, releasing its occupant—something with bright blue fur and feathered wings escaped from it, fluttering past Nicolas into the hallway beyond.
The last item came at him. A heavy oak table. There was no chance of him blocking that. With practiced speed, he brought his axe up above his head and pulled it down with such force that the table was cleaved in half, sending the two fragments spinning to each side, safely away from him.
He cast a lethal glance at the Witch.
She held up a hand and pointed at Nimmie. “Take another step closer and she’s liable to lose her head.” It sounded like the Witch wanted him to.
Nicolas paused to look over at Nimmie. Her face was turning a shade of purple. She didn’t have much time for him to make a decision. The slender tree was one he’d never seen before, but all trees had one thing in common. They had roots.
He looked down and saw the tree had sprung from a crack in the stone floor. The stones were upturned around the plant’s base. The Witch must have just cast a spell to bring it forth. Faster than the eye could follow, Nicolas slashed the axe through the tree’s base, cutting it off from its nutrient supply.
The effect was immediate. The tendrils slackened and the slender tree fell to one side, withering as its green juices oozed into a puddle on the floor.
Nimmie fell forward into Nicolas’ arms. He held her close.
“I can change you back!” the Witch said with a too sweet voice.
Nicolas glared at her and with one hand, drew his axe back.
“You don’t want to be a tin man forever, do you?” the Witch offered with a smile. A smile that Nicolas could now see was a facade. An illusion, hiding the toothless grin of an old hag.
He swung his axe, letting it fly right at the Witch’s head.
She cackled and clicked her heels together three times as the blade spun toward her. Her magical slippers—now ruby red—glimmered and then she and her daughter were gone!
The axe struck the stone wall, clanging off it with a few sparks, then fell to the ground.
Silence washed over the room, calming Nicolas. He gazed down at Nimmie, still cradled in his arm.
She took a breath.
It was a wondrous sound. The sound of life. A soft sigh, like a gentle breeze through the leaves of a tree.
Her eyes opened.
Nicolas smiled down at her.
Nimmie’s eyes widened in horror and she rolled away from him with a startled gasp.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, just as startled as she was.
“Who are you?” She dropped low, her head darting around, taking in her surroundings. She was on guard, ready to flee if given the chance.
“Nimmie, it’s me. Nicolas,” he said, shocked that she didn’t recognize him.
Nimmie froze, staring at him. Her mouth opened then closed as she studied his face. “You… what happened to you?”
“She cursed my axe and told me not to come for you. I… didn’t listen.” He put his hand over his chest. There was a clang as metal touched metal. “I couldn’t leave you.”
Nimmie approached him and hesitantly touched his face. She frowned, feeling the angular contour of his jawline. She tapped her nails against his metal cheek. A hollow tinking came from it. “You did this for me?”
It was less of a question and more of a statement.
He nodded. “Of course.”
She kissed him on the cheek and smiled. “Thank you, Nicolas.”
Though her kiss thrilled him, it also saddened him, for he felt no warmth from it. His tin shell gave him little sensation. Now that he focused on it, he realized his senses were far less than they had once been. Or at least two of his senses—touch and smell—were greatly diminished.
He pushed the thought from his mind. “We should leave before she decides to come back.”
Nicolas escorted Nimmie to the front door and out onto the canopy. With a few chops, he widened the hole he had entered through. With Nimmie clinging to his back, he descended the great tree, until they finally stood on solid ground.
He looked back up at the treetop. “I’m going to have to bring it down. That’s her doorway to this forest. I have to close it.”
“Are you sure?” Nimmie asked, nervously.
He turned to her, wondering why she would even hesitate. “We can’t take a chance of her coming after us.”
She nodded. “It’s just… She’s the only one that can turn you back and that’s the only way we know of to find her.”
“Nimmie, I’m okay. It’s you we have to keep safe.”
He moved her out of harm’s way, then struck the tree with his mighty axe, over and over again, chipping away at it with an expertise that only years of experience could teach.
There was a loud pop.
He stopped, stepping to one side where he had told Nimmie to stand.
There was another, much louder snap that could be felt as well as heard.
Nicolas and Nimmie watched the great tree gradually tilt, then gather speed as it fell away from them. It smashed into the ground with an explosive bang that reverberated for miles.
Each of the thousands of branches making up the canopy, broke upon impact, sounding like fireworks going off. The Witch’s crooked shack struck the ground, crumpling into a heap of splintered boards.
Nicolas grimaced at the destruction. It wasn’t a permanent solution, but the Witch would have to work a little harder to find them.








CHAPTER 14
THE TIN MAN

They had returned to Ku Klip’s cabin so Nimmie could freshen up and grab some food. Nicolas didn’t need to do either, so he waited for her outside, standing guard.
The only item he thought might be useful to take was an oil can. His left knee had seemed stiff and after a couple of drops of oil, it was already good as new. It could come in handy along the way.
Standing in the front orchard, Nicolas found himself staring at poor Ku Klip, still a statue, with birds perched on his shoulders. Ku Klip was an old man who had loved the statues he created and spoke often about how they would endure long after himself, perhaps eternally. Nicolas hoped that somewhere deep inside, Ku was enjoying his own chance at immortality.
After that brief stop, Nicolas and Nimmie journeyed to the nearest town of Humblebolt. From there, Nimmie wanted to catch a carriage to the village of Chitten Ango, further east. Nimmie had been away from her family for years and very much wanted to let them know that she was alive and well.
There wasn’t much conversation along the way. Nicolas had noticed that Nimmie was withdrawn. She was pensive, lost in her thoughts, her eyes distant, staring off. He attributed it to the extreme events that she had recently experienced. Transforming back to human after being a tree for so long must have been traumatic.
On the way to Humblebolt, just off the yellow brick road,  Nimmie suddenly stopped and pulled Nicolas into the nearby trees. “Nicolas… I think it would be better if I go see my family alone first. It’s been so long since they’ve seen me… I don’t want to shock them by having an axe-wielding metal man show up at the door.”
He laughed. “I would leave my axe behind.”
“That’s not what I mean.”
He nodded. “I understand. You need time alone with them.”
She held his hands and tried to look him in the eyes, failing miserably.
Nicolas watched a tear roll down her perfect cheek. “What’s wrong?” he whispered, bringing her closer.
She pulled back. “You’re too good of a man. You risked everything for me and now…” She caressed the side of his face, “It’s hard to even look at you. To know that I’m the cause.” Nimmie started to sob.
“No. It was my choice. You have no reason to feel bad.” He said this, but inside his chest, his heart ached. It felt like he’d been stabbed.
She shook her head. “I can’t help it. I’m horrible.”
He lifted her chin. “You’re wonderful.”
She smiled and sniffed back tears. “When I come back, we’ll search for a way to turn you human again. We’ll do the same for you that you’ve done for me.”
He simply nodded.
“I’m sorry. Please understand…” Nimmie said, with tears in her eyes.
“I do.” His voice sounded so distant to his own ears.
She kissed him on the lips and walked slowly down the yellow brick road, leaving him standing by a tree.
Nicolas watched her go, until she disappeared over a hill.
He would wait, though he knew there was no point. She was gone and would not return.
His heart on the other hand, told him to stay. To hold out hope that one day she would reappear with a warm smile and welcome him with open arms.
So he waited. More than two years passed and he didn’t move an inch. Through freezing rain, heavy snow and blazing heat, he stood his ground, watching and waiting.
One day, his heart leapt when he saw a girl strolling down the yellow brick road toward him.
His hopes quickly sank however, when he saw that it wasn’t Nimmie, but a much younger individual. A child in fact, accompanied by a dog and a scarecrow.
It was at that moment, Nicolas lost the last part of his humanity. His heart broke.
Nicolas Chopper no longer existed.
In his place stood the Tin Man.







CHAPTER 15
AN UNEXPECTED GUEST

After his first adventure with Dorothy, the Tin Man had felt revitalized. He had found friends, no—family—that welcomed him and loved him for who he was.
The wizard had even given him a heart, which made the Tin Man appreciate his own life and those around him. It wasn’t the same type of heart that he had owned before, but it did its job just as well, if not better.
Surprisingly, he didn’t miss his old self. His new body did not tire and was stronger than before. His joints needed oil every now and then, but it was a small price to pay.
As for Harpiba, the Witch of the East… the Tin Man didn’t have any more trouble from her. When Dorothy had first arrived in Oz, her shed had landed right on the Witch, crushing her. The Tin Man felt no remorse, as the Witch was still hunting for him at the time.
Glinda, the Witch of the South, later helped to return Ku Klip to normal, much to Ku’s disappointment. Like the Tin Man, he had rather enjoyed his new life.
And Nimmie… the Tin Man eventually learned that she had married and settled down back in her hometown. This knowledge tested his new heart and sure enough, there was an ache in it. A pang of hurt. Though he was happy for Nimmie, and happy over his new body… that old wound still caused pain.
That was when he learned that to own a heart meant that with love came hurt. It was part of the package. And with a tear in his eye, he accepted that. He loved being able to feel emotions and would not give that up for anything.
Even in the present. Sitting here in this ice cave, isolated and alone, he still treasured his heart. He yearned for company and the pain of being cut off from everyone he loved was almost more than his new heart could bear. But Dorothy had entrusted him with this mission and he would not fail her. She—
The ground shook.
The Tin Man’s head lifted as he listened.
Another tremor.
CRACK!
A section of the ice floor fractured, developing a jagged gap.
He sat up, staring at it with interest.
KA-RAKKK!
A column of red burst from the ice floor, sending sharp shards in all directions. The deadly fragments shattered against the Tin Man’s durable exterior. He didn’t flinch, instead, he watched seventeen feet of mottled, leathery red flesh and a mass of spider-like legs explode into the cavern, then coil around toward him.
Six black eyes focused on him. The creature’s horrific pincers opened, ready to slice him in half.
It was a burrower. A big one too.
The Tin Man reached for his axe—
His right arm didn’t move.
He tried again. No response. He realized his right shoulder joint was rusted in place. With only a second to spare, the Tin Man dove to the side, barely avoiding the beasts clacking jaws. 
Corkscrewing against a curved wall, the burrower threw itself about in an angry tantrum, looking for its missed prey.
The Tin Man scrambled to his feet just in time to be knocked back by the monster’s tail end. He skidded across the slick floor. 
The sound of the Tin Man’s metal body clanging against the hard ice caught the burrower’s attention. It slithered around, aiming for him.
The Tin Man rolled away, avoiding another strike. Back on his feet, he looked toward his axe. It was hidden by the creature’s thick undulating body. He’d have to think of something else. With only one arm working, his options were limited.
The burrower writhed around the room, its long dark legs skittering against the ice. Its wild gyrations were shaking the room. 
A stalactite fell from above, smashing near the Tin Man. Glancing up, he saw that the cave’s ceiling was covered in long stalactites, some of which were visibly cracking from the burrower’s hulking movements.
A new strategy formed. One that had worked for him in the past. Hopefully, it would work just as well here.
The Tin Man stood in front of the wall, waiting for the beast to focus on him.
It let out a shrill screech when it saw its target and heaved itself forward, lumbering for him at full speed.
At the last possible second, the Tin Man jumped out of the way, letting the monster ram the wall.
BOOM!
The whole cave shook. The Tin Man quickly raced across the room, taking position under another stalactite. Again, the burrower charged.
The slick ice worked against the Tin Man this time. As he tried to dodge the attack, he slipped and fell on his back, sliding just underneath the massive monster.
The burrower slammed into the cave wall, narrowly missing him.
BOOM!!
The collision was staggering and the room quaked again. A couple of smaller stalactites broke off, crashing to the floor. Unfortunately, none of them struck the burrower. It hissed, whipping around in a state of fury.
The Tin Man stumbled to his feet again, facing the giant monstrosity. He was unnaturally calm.
The noise the burrower was making would no doubt have reduced a lesser man to tears. It wasn’t a roar or a growl, but some inhuman combination that rose up from the pit of the worm’s belly and blasted out of its toothy mouth. It was vicious and hateful.
The Tin Man, however, didn’t bat an eye. “Come on, ugly. I’ve faced worse than you.”
The creature shot forward, a blur of motion.
It was so fast that even the Tin Man was surprised. He threw himself out of its way, but part of the beast hit him, knocking him several feet into the air. He tumbled across the cave as the burrower smashed into the wall.
BOOOOM!!!!!
It was a colossal impact, leaving the cave shuddering in the aftermath. A number of snaps and pops came from above.
The Tin Man rolled onto his back and looked up, seeing dozens of the large stalactites break away, dropping down in a rain of destruction. A majority of the deadly spikes impaled the burrower, slicing through its tough hide, sending it into a series of spasms.
Several of the falling stalactites almost struck the Tin Man, sending him clambering backward, dodging the ice spikes crashing down around him.
After a few minutes the room was quiet again. The loose stalactites had all fallen and the burrower was motionless. Dark viscous blood oozed out from its wounds.
First things first. Back on his feet, the Tin Man found his oil can and proceeded to take care of his shoulder joint. It took a few squirts to get his arm moving again, but soon it was good as new, rotating freely. He picked up his axe and only then, did he take the time to ponder what had just happened.
It was all very, very odd.
Burrowers did not like the cold. In fact, they had an intense dislike for it. They liked tropical climates. So why would it come to Shiverpeak Mountain, the coldest of the cold?
It wouldn’t have done it by choice. It must have been running from something. What could frighten a burrower?
Maybe the Enemy was near.
Maybe I’ve been found, the Tin Man thought to himself.
Or maybe…
Maybe Dorothy was coming.
Though young and slight, she tended to have quite an effect on the denizens of Oz. Bigger monsters than burrowers have run from her. The thought made him smile as he sat back down on his throne of ice.
By his count, it has been twelve years since Dorothy left Oz.
For twelve years he has remained in this dismal mountain. 
Dorothy had promised him that one day she would return. Unlike the case with Nimmie, the Tin Man had no doubt that Dorothy would be true to her word.
So he would sit here.
And wait.
    Where has Dorothy been?
What is the Tin Man’s mission?
Who is the Enemy?
 
The adventure begins in:
SHADOW OF OZ
By Nick Damon

AVAILABLE NOW!
Turn the page for a Special Sneak Preview of









CHAPTER 1
LOST

ZO.
Z and O.
Those two simple letters gnawed at her. Taunted and tugged at her mind. Would often send her thoughts drifting at the sight of either one of them. When seen next to each other, she found herself… somewhere else.
Somewhere dark and empty.
She was there now.
The two letters hung together in midair while she pondered them. The world around her was a black void.
The letters reminded her of something. Something just on the tip of her tongue. Something important.
She couldn’t look away. In fact, the harder she stared, the bolder the letters became.
A jarring sound, a ringing, crashed out of the emptiness, startling her. 
The starless world around her shattered like glass, falling away in sharp fragments, letting in blinding light.
Fluorescent light to be more precise. Life crushing, soul sucking, fluorescent light. The bane of all who spend their waking hours trapped beneath them. A blue white glare that sapped precious energy while others outside enjoyed the natural glow and warmth of the sun. The fluorescent flickered, giving out a brief electric crackle like a bug zapper.
Dorothy Gale blinked.
In front of her was a computer monitor. Her hands resting on the keyboard. A cursor blinked on an unfinished word: Horizo-
She added the final letters finishing the sentence— Far Horizons.
It was the name of a company whose ad campaign she was working on. She had been writing up a proposal for them when her mind decided to take a vacation.
Feeling slightly dazed, Dorothy glanced around at her surroundings.
She was sitting in a sparse office cubicle. No personal items decorated her claustrophobic walls or plastic desk, just sticky notes here and there reminding her of tasks that she didn’t want to do. On her dull gray desktop, next to her computer monitor, were stacks of folders and paperwork awaiting her attention.
A maze of identical cubicles boxed her in. A grim honeycomb crowded with lethargic workers performing their mundane routines. At the edge of the office labyrinth, large windows gave a grand view of the New York city skyline. Unfortunately for all of the office workers, the cubicle walls prevented any chance of enjoying this wonderfully impressive sight.
The phone buzzed near Dorothy’s left hand. That was the sound that had snapped her out of her trance.
She looked down at it with contempt. She hated that phone. Its piercing ring signaled another conversation that she would have to fake. False enthusiasm and energy that was becoming harder and harder to muster. 
She was feeling disconnected again.
She had always felt unattached to the world around her, going through the motions like some sort of zombie. Never quite fitting in. Play-acting a role imposed by the machine of life. If she didn’t, she felt that somehow they would discover she was a fraud. An impostor. Whoever ‘they’ were.
Lately though, she was finding it harder to maintain the charade. Unconsciously, her habits were changing. She had been able to fake social conversations with co-workers in the past, but now it had decreased to a point where they forgot she was even there.
The actual work had always been a chore, now it was unbearable. Every sentence typed, every phone call received, every meeting attended, was agonizing and seemed to take forever. Endless minutiae debated and broken down until what little spark the idea may have had was dead and buried.
She had even stopped trying to look and dress the part. Instead of wasting time styling her long auburn hair, she wore it in a simple tight ponytail. She still wore a blazer and slacks, but a month ago she had abandoned dress shoes and started wearing sneakers. She had also traded in her blouse for black t-shirts. 
Each day a black t-shirt with a different logo graphic. Today’s was an MC Escher drawing of the infinite stairs. The logos didn’t really mean anything to her, she just needed something different. 
She needed to be different.
Otherwise she felt she might just disappear.
She began to click her heels together. A nervous tic that she had developed when thinking about wanting to be back home. To be away from work. Away from everything. 
The phone rang again. The high pitched annoying sound seemed to intensify as if it knew it was being ignored. Dorothy answered before it could cry out again.
“Emerald Designs, Dorothy speaking.” Her voice was pleasant and upbeat, part of the zombie’s routine. “Yes, Mr. Martinson. Of course we value you as a client. You should have the plans on your desk by tomorrow—” She paused to listen. “Yes. We will. We—”
A dial tone cut her off.
Her jaw tightened in irritation. Her temple throbbed.
The constant smell of coffee permeated the room, giving her the beginnings of a headache. Coffee was the lifeblood of the zombies. The only thing that kept them moving. Her gaze dropped down to her own cup growing cold.
She suppressed a shudder.
She looked up at the clock. Ten fifteen. Only six more hours to go. She could make it through today. She could do it. The next day, though… and the one after that… 
She closed her eyes. The zombie’s battle was getting harder to fight.

*  *  *

That evening, Dorothy trudged into her apartment carrying her chinese take-out. She shrugged out of her jacket, kicked off her shoes, dropped her keys and purse on the table near the door, then flopped onto the couch with her food.
Her apartment was small and empty, and like her cubicle, furnished without any hint of personality. No knickknacks. No flowers or plants. No paintings or photos. Just a large mirror hanging on a wall. It had been there when she moved in and she hadn’t bothered to take it down.
She flipped on the TV and sighed.
“Happy Birthday,” she said to herself as she nudged her noodles around with chopsticks. “You made it through another year.” 
She was twenty-five today. Her gaze traveled across the blank slate of her living room. Twenty-five years old with nothing to show for it.
The place was temporary, she had told herself. After a year, she would move into something bigger. Something better. One year turned into two. Then five. Now the drafty little place was her sanctuary away from… from what? She didn’t know.
Always on the tip of her mind. Just out of sight. Sometimes when thinking about something else, she’d almost sneak up on the errant thought and latch on, but it would vanish before she caught it. It was an irritating game that her mind played on her. One she was used to. Had learned to ignore it. For the most part.
Off to the side, in the hanging mirror, the glass shimmered. A reflection formed—a face, cast in shadow. It was facing toward Dorothy, almost appearing to be watching her. 
Dorothy stopped chewing, suddenly feeling paranoid. Noodles still hung from her lips.
The hairs on the back of her neck stood up.
In her peripheral vision, she thought she saw movement in the mirror. She turned toward it, spooked, but there was nothing  there. She stood up to get a better look, sucking in the dangling noodles.
She saw only herself staring back—green eyes, light spray of freckles across the bridge of her nose, thin lips. She was attractive, but the zombie’s routine had sucked the life out of her.
She looked older.
Lonelier.
Lost.






CHAPTER 2
SIGNS

The next morning, Dorothy walked the last block to her work, trying not to think about the monotony that awaited her. 
She shivered, watching her breath cloud in front of her.
Winter was on its way.
It was sunny, but there was a brisk wind that cut right through her dark green jacket and into her bones. Her contoured jacket was sporty—which is why she wore it—but it was thin and did little against the November chill. Luckily, she had thought to put on leather gloves and a red scarf, so she was able to retain at least some of her body heat.
She stuffed her hands into her coat pockets as she passed by a row of leafless trees that lined the street.
A stray branch caught her sleeve, yanking her back.
She stopped and tugged on it. It was snagged pretty good, caught up in the tree’s twisted branch. She fumbled with it, her gloves making the simple job difficult. 
Suddenly, another tree branch whipped down and caught itself up in her jacket.
She gasped, flinching away from it. She could have sworn that branch had moved by itself.
Then the entire tree bent toward her, its trunk cracking and creaking, all of its branches angling down, clawing at her.
Dorothy let out a panicked cry, clamping her eyes shut and waved her arms wildly, swatting the gnarled, twig-fingers away. She could feel the rough, bark covered limbs wrapping around her arms and waist. Her ribcage felt like it was being crushed, making it hard to breathe. The branches were on the verge of pulling her apart.
She let out a final, shrill scream for help.
With her eyes still squeezed shut, she heard her scream echo faintly in the distance, bouncing from building to building. She could hear her own heavy breathing. 
And people whispering.
She stopped struggling.
The pressure was gone from her ribs.
Opening her eyes, she saw that everything was normal again.
The tree was in its original state. Her coat was still snagged on the one branch.
People were stopped on the sidewalk, staring at her with wary, disapproving eyes, muttering to each other and shaking their heads. None of them were looking at the tree.
Because there’s nothing wrong with the tree. Something’s wrong with me, Dorothy thought to herself.
The way people looked at her as they passed, confirmed her worst fear—she wasn’t ‘normal’. Not one of ‘them’. She was a foreigner in disguise and her mask was slipping.
What’s happening to me?
With hesitant hands, Dorothy carefully unhooked her coat and backed away from the tree. She slowly turned and continued on her way to work, trying desperately to blend in.
She was starting to tremble, not from the cold this time, but from the icy fear that she was losing her sanity.

*  *  * 

Inside the safety of her cubicle, insulated from the outside world, Dorothy sat at her desk, numb. 
The tree had moved. Or she was going mad. It was one or the other. Unfortunately, neither choice was good. 
The phone rang, startling her.
This time she was almost thankful to answer it. It would distract her from thinking about her deteriorating mental state. 
“Emerald Design, Dorothy speaking. Yes, Mr. Martinson. Of course.” As she listened to him yammer on, her attention was drawn to a newspaper on her desk. It was positioned so that she was looking at it sideways. She could still read it, though.
The headline read: “NEW ZONING LAWS IN EFFECT TODAY”
Mr. Martinson was still talking, but his voice was a million miles away to Dorothy. She was being drawn toward that headline. 
Dorothy folded the paper on both sides so that only the word “ZONING” was visible. She folded it again so that it read: “ZO”. She was transfixed by the letters. 
She absent-mindedly finished the phone conversation. “We’re glad you’re pleased. We will. Goodbye,” she said faintly, hanging up, while keeping her eyes glued to the newspaper.
Looking at it sideways gave her a new perspective. She turned the newspaper upside-down and felt her stomach drop. The world around her seemed to stutter and slow down, becoming silent as she read the word aloud… “OZ.”
THUMP!
The deep, hollow sound snapped Dorothy out of her trance. What was that? Her heart was racing. She was having trouble focusing with the word “OZ” still ricocheting inside her skull. Had she imagined the sound?
THUMP!
She shot up, peering over the cubicle walls, scanning the room, trying to identify the source of the mystery sound. Her gaze landed on the windows.
She saw a big black bird falling away from where it had struck the glass. It left a mark, a dark blotch, on the window. There was a similar mark above it. 
It was just a couple of birds hitting the window. She was about to sit down when another one collided into the glass. It caught her by surprise, making her flinch.
It was a crow.
Another one hit a half second later. Then another and another. They kept coming. 
The thumping sound grew in rapid succession as hundreds of crows slammed into the window with incredible machine-gun like force.
The glass began to crack under the assault. Sharp snaps echoed in the room as the fractures lengthened across the window. 
Dorothy’s eyes widened in horror. Her mouth hung open. She was frozen, unable to look away.
The window finally surrendered, shattering into thousands of jagged pieces as the crows flooded into the office.
Dorothy sucked in a breath and stepped back. The crows streamed right toward her. They swirled around her in a tornado of feathers and beaks. The cawing and shrieking was deafening. She screamed, cowering down, swinging her arms wildly, trying to bat them away. 
The birds closed in on her, smothering her in darkness. She couldn’t breathe anymore. All she could smell, taste and feel were feathers. Fetid, greasy feathers.
She let out a howl of anguish, hoping someone would save her.
And then… all was quiet.
No fluttering of wings. No squawking. The air was still.
They were gone.
A phone rang in the back, breaking the silence. 
Dorothy cracked open her eyes and saw that the birds had vanished. She got to her feet. Her breathing was ragged as she nervously cast glances around the room.
The rest of her co-workers were all staring at her in shock. Their expressions identical to the faces she had seen after the tree attacked her—that she thought had attacked her. Suspicious expressions obviously indicating that she was insane.
Maybe they’re right, she thought. 
She saw that the large window was perfectly intact. She walked over to it and ran her quivering fingers over the smooth, cold glass.
What’s happening to me?
It was the second time she had asked herself that question today.






CHAPTER 3
AWAKE

Dorothy sat in front of Ms. Rowen's desk, trying to regain her composure. After her nervous breakdown in front of everyone, she had been called into Ms. Rowen's office. Her boss. 
Ms. Rowen sat behind her desk, studying Dorothy.
A no-nonsense woman in her late forties, Ms. Rowen ran a tight ship. She dressed in sleek expensive designer clothes—usually blacks or grays—that hugged her too-thin form. Her hair was too short, emulating a man’s cut. Face pulled a little too tight from plastic surgery, trying to hide her age. A hint of the lizard lips. It couldn’t hide the hard lines etched from the stress of the business, though—of keeping things running smoothly. 
Dorothy realized Ms. Rowen was a zombie too. Higher up the ladder, true, but still part of the machinery. A cog. Still part of the routine.
This made Dorothy wonder if there was a point to it all. How far up did you have to go to be free of the machine? To experience joy? Ms. Rowen looked like she hadn’t known happiness in decades. This made Dorothy think of her co-workers. They punched in and punched out, never showing any enthusiasm during office hours. Maybe they had wonderful, joy-filled lives outside of work, but Dorothy doubted it.
There was more to life than this. There had to be.
Ms. Rowen leaned forward. "You're one of my best people, Dorothy,” she sighed, "If you need to take some time off, then tell me now. I understand. Sometimes the stress can get to you, but I can't have you breaking down like that again. Especially not in front of the others.”
Dorothy nodded. "I'm sorry."
Ms. Rowen leaned back again and gestured toward Dorothy, waving a thin hand that had one too many rings on it. "I'm already letting you slide with the way you're dressing. You’re young. I figure it's a phase. I'm hoping it’s a phase.”
"I know. It's just..." Dorothy trailed off, not knowing what to say.
"Go on. It's just what?"
Dorothy's head was swimming. Her thoughts were hazy and confused, yet some things were starting to become clear. She didn't want to end up like Ms. Rowen. It was a life with no destination. At least not for herself. 
"I don't really know what I'm doing here. I mean I don't know how I... got here." And Dorothy realized with a start, that she really didn't remember.
How did she end up working here? For that matter, when did she move to New York? Had she ever had a boyfriend? Been in love? It felt like chunks of her memory were missing. Like she was waking from a dream.
Ms. Rowen pursed her lips and drew her waxed brows together. "I like you, Dorothy, but I can't have someone on my team that isn't focused. Take a few days off and get your head together. Then let me know if I need to seek a replacement or not. Do you understand? You've built a good life here,” she folded her stiff fingers together and sniffed in a patronizing manner, “It'd be shame to throw it all away."
Dorothy nodded again and stood, already moving to the door. She had heard everything, but Ms. Rowen’s voice was distant, almost muffled, pushed aside by the thoughts flooding Dorothy’s mind.
In a mental fog, Dorothy navigated her way through the maze to her desk, gathering her coat and purse, then promptly stepped into the elevator.
She had questions about her own memories.
Questions with no answers.
By the time Dorothy left the building, she knew she would never return. She didn’t even bother to look back. That chapter of her life was over. She had broken free and escaped the zombie world. It was exhilarating to feel alive again.
Now though, there was the nagging clarity that part of her existence was blank. Not hazy or foggy. It wasn't there at all.
She felt like she had just woken up and the past few years living in New York were part of some kind of strange dream. Dorothy remembered those years clearly, it was just that it seemed like someone else’s life and not hers.
Dorothy also remembered her childhood back on the farm. Memories of living with her aunt and uncle in the middle of nowhere. Of waking up at the crack of dawn to do her chores. Of hiding away in her room and the shed to snuggle up with her books. They were her escape from the stale and mundane reality she was trapped in.
These earlier memories were much more vivid.
It was the in-between that was missing. She had no memory of leaving the farm and coming to New York. When she tried to remember that missing time, her thoughts would veer off to either before or after. The memory was slippery and elusive. Like her own mind wouldn’t let her focus on it.
Dorothy was concentrating on chasing after the memory when a man ran by, his shoulder smacking into hers, nearly knocking her down. She glared back at him wondering what his problem was.
Then she looked ahead and saw it.
It was chaos.






CHAPTER 4
FOUND

People were running everywhere. In all directions. Ducking and screaming as big black things dived down at them.
Cars honked and screeched as drivers swerved to avoid hitting the crowds that were spilling into the streets.
Dorothy blinked, not believing her eyes.
The black things were crows.
They were diving and swooping by the dozens. Clawing and pecking at the crowds. Attacking. Just like in the office.
Looking up at the darkening sky, Dorothy saw a swirling mass approaching. Thousands of crows were coming. So many that they were blotting out the setting sun.
She couldn't run. She couldn't take her eyes off the sight.
No.
It was all too unreal and felt like it was happening in slow motion. Maybe it’s another hallucination, she thought. Maybe it will just go away.
Something else caught her eye.
Something white was moving down the street toward her.
A horse.
With a man in green riding it. 
The stallion moved with incredible speed and grace, maneuvering around the crashing vehicles with ease, while staying ahead of the oncoming swarm of birds.
The rider came right for her, pulling on the reins at the last instant, bringing the ivory horse to an abrupt stop. The horse snorted and shook its muscled neck from the effort of putting on the brakes.
Dorothy stared up at the rider and blinked again. This was definitely an hallucination. 
The man appeared to be in his early thirties and was dashingly handsome. His strong face topped by tousled, shaggy brown hair that was attractive by it's sheer messiness.
He was dressed in a debonair green leather jacket with brass buttons running up the front of it, on the right side. The top button was undone, so that the corner hung down in a loose flap. Dorothy thought the jacket looked like it was out of a history book. The kind old pilots used to wear. His trousers were a darker shade of green that tucked into dark brown, polished leather boots. A white cape with a green stripe lining it, billowed out behind him.
The rider had broad shoulders and Dorothy could tell he had an athletic build underneath the uniform.
He looked down at her with piercing blue-gray eyes.
"Dorothy Gale,” he said. It wasn’t a question.
"Y-yes?" She barely got the word out. She was finding it hard to talk all of a sudden.
He held out his hand. "Hurry, M'Lady, they've found you!”
"What?" It was hard to concentrate on what he was saying. Her head was swimming again, though for different reasons this time.
The rider stole a glance up at the crows. "There's no time! We have to go!"
A crow swept down and clawed at Dorothy. She let out a cry of surprise, knocking it away and quickly took the man’s hand.
He was surprisingly strong, lifting her with ease, swinging her up onto his horse so that she sat behind him.
"Hold tight!" he warned, spurring his horse forward.
Dorothy barely had time to wrap her arms around his waist as they took off.
The undulating cloud of crows veered after them in pursuit.
The horse galloped through the city streets at a frightening pace, rounding corners so fast that it was all Dorothy could do to hang on. She risked a peek back and saw that the birds were right behind them.
The rider leaned forward and shouted, “I can’t shake them!” For a second, she thought he was talking to his horse.
The rider spotted people descending into a subway entrance. “There!” He yanked the reins to the side, guiding them toward the stairs.
Dorothy tightened her grip as the horse took the steps ten at a time, causing people to scream and dive to the sides. 
They reached the platform below and came to a stop, circling, sending the crowd into a panic. The rider wasn’t concerned with the spectacle he was making. His head was jerking from side to side. “Is there another way out?”
Recovering from her own fright, Dorothy looked around, trying to get her bearings. Before she could answer, he spoke again.
“Never mind, I see it!” He fixed on something to her right.
Dorothy looked to where the rider had focused his attention. He was staring at the people on the other side of the tracks who were gawking at them. Behind the stunned crowd of onlookers was another stairway. She went pale, shaking her head. “Wait!”
The rider had already brought his horse around, putting some distance between them and the edge of the platform. He snapped his reins and sent them charging straight toward the gap. 
“No!” Dorothy held on for dear life, terrified.
At the last possible second, they leaped across the subway tracks to the opposite side. The horse’s hooves hit the slick tiled ground, sliding to a stop, nearly knocking a dozen people over.
Luckily, the sight of a huge muscled stallion hurtling toward them had made the crowd run for cover. Miraculously, no one was hurt. Including Dorothy herself, much to her surprise.
Angry screeches filled the underground tunnels, building into a wave of painful white noise. Crows were streaming down into the subway station behind them.
“Persistent things aren’t they?” The rider spurred his horse toward the second staircase.
A train’s horn made Dorothy turn. She watched as a subway train sped by, smashing through the cluster of birds. Hundreds of the winged beasts disappeared in an explosion of feathers that whirled crazily beside the moving train. The surviving crows on the other side could be heard squawking in a bewildered frenzy.
Cold air slapped Dorothy’s face as the horse vaulted up the stairs and out onto another busy street.
The rider wove his way between cars without slowing down, giving Dorothy a series of minor heart-attacks.
Looking back, Dorothy saw the remaining crows were falling behind, scattered across the sky, disoriented and frantic. The steel and glass skyscrapers helped to hide their escape as they fled.
A nearby blaring horn brought her attention around to see an oncoming car heading straight toward them. She let out a short scream and gritted her teeth, preparing for impact.
Without hesitation, the rider launched his horse up into the air, over the vehicle, and landed behind it, all while never breaking the horse's stride.
Dorothy couldn't take anymore. "Stop! Please! Let me down! You're crazy!"
"Not until we lose the crows."
"Why are they after us?" None of this was making sense to her. It was madness.
He shook his head. "They're not after us. They're after you!"
"Me?" Dorothy was rattled.
"The Nome King has finally found you!” he yelled back to her.
“Who? What are you talking about?” Her head was throbbing. Too much was happening at once.
“He’s tracked you down. Sent his forces to capture you.” The rider yanked the reins, guiding his horse to turn a corner. “I’ve come to take you back!"
"Take me back where?" Dorothy asked, exasperated.
The rider glanced over his shoulder at her with a wry grin. "Back to the Land of Oz!"
She was speechless.
Oz.
The word exploded inside her mind. It pushed every other thought out of her head, growing and expanding until it completely overwhelmed the synapses in her brain.
Her eyes rolled back and her body went limp.
She fainted. 
The last thing she saw was the rider’s arm shooting out to catch her.






CHAPTER 5
THE EMERALD KNIGHT

“M’Lady.”
The man’s voice seeped into Dorothy’s unconscious mind. She felt a warm hand caress her cheek.
Her eyes sleepily fluttered open. She looked up to see the rider kneeling next to her, concern etched on his face. Above him, branches of a tree rustled as a cold wind blew through, taking with it a dozen orange and red leaves. 
The chill made her shiver. The cool, soft grass under her face and hands didn’t help. Trees? Grass? 
She abruptly sat up. The whole area was thick with trees. “Where am I?”
“We needed cover. I came upon this forest.”
His horse was nearby and gave a short snort of disapproval.
The rider glanced at his steed, then turned back to Dorothy with a smirk. “Alright, he’s the one that found this forest.”
“Forest?” She got to her feet, trying to clear her head. Past the treetops, she now saw skyscrapers with windows lit, jutting up into the evening sky. “This is Central Park.”
He stood next to her, glancing up at the sky. “It won’t hide us for long.”
Dorothy took a step back, putting some distance between them. She was starting to take in the reality of the situation. The strange costume he was wearing. The fact that he was riding a horse in New York and thought Central Park was a forest. 
He’s obviously delusional. Probably escaped from an institution, she thought. And now I’m alone with him in Central Park. At night. Stay calm, she told herself. Stay calm and keep your head together.
“Who are you?” she asked.
The rider grinned and bowed. “Forgive my manners, M’Lady. Jasper Clayfellow, a Knight of Oz, at your service.”
She shook her head and backed away a bit more. “Listen, thanks for helping me back there, but… I don’t understand any of this. I’m going home.”
As she turned to go, Jasper grabbed her wrist. “You can’t.”
Dorothy tried to yank her arm away, but his grasp was firm. Panic was beginning to bubble up inside her. “Let go of me!”
Jasper immediately released her. “Your life is in danger. Your home is no longer safe.”
“Right.” She was about to walk away as fast as she could when she heard it.
The cawing.
The crows were coming again. By the sound of it, they were a good distance away, but getting louder by the second. She spotted them. The birds were darting back and forth over the park, all of them moving as one. A rippling wave. They looked like they were searching for something. 
For her.
Jasper took a step forward, his voice low, but emphatic. “Don’t you remember who you are?”
Dorothy froze, dumbstruck by the question. Isn’t this what she’d been wondering herself? She looked at Jasper, suddenly vulnerable. 
“No. I… I don’t.” And it was the truth.
The white stallion shook its magnificent milky mane and approached, lifting its head slightly and to one side to gaze directly at Dorothy with one eye. Then it did something completely unexpected—
It spoke. 
“You, M’Lady, are the Queen of Oz,” it said in a throaty, friendly male voice.
Dorothy’s legs started to wobble. She was on the verge of fainting again, but the sound of the crows flapping overhead drew her attention.
Jasper pulled her close against a tree, trying to get some cover. He whispered to his horse. “Chalk! Go!”
Chalk nodded and galloped away, kicking up clods of grass behind him.
The crows shrieked at the movement and gave chase, sweeping across the trees after the white stallion. 
A few seconds later, the crows were gone, leaving Jasper and Dorothy in a quiet protective embrace. He was studying the skies, listening.
He was so close to Dorothy, she could feel his warm breath against her face. He was tense but calm, whereas her own heart was thudding. When he looked back down at her, she felt her heartbeat kick into a higher gear, thumping so hard, she thought even he must feel it. Her face flushed. She hoped it wasn’t noticeable.
He gazed deeply into her green eyes. “I’m sworn not only to protect my kingdom, but you as well. I will defend you with my life. You have to trust me.”
Dorothy’s face was on fire. Her breath caught in her throat. The compassion and sincerity in his voice was real. He meant every word. He would die for her. She could only nod.
Jasper took her hand as he led her away through the trees. “We have to go. Chalk won’t fool them for long. They’ll be back.”
“But your horse—”
He kept moving. “Chalk can handle himself.”
Jasper was fast and it was hard for her to keep pace with his long legs. Within minutes, they had reached the edge of the park. He stopped and surveyed the area. She took the moment to catch her breath.
Jasper squinted, tracking the cars whizzing by. “If we could capture one of these carriages…”
Carriages? She gave Jasper a discerning stare. He wasn’t kidding. Part of her wanted to laugh. The other part wanted to know everything about him.
“Wait here,” she said, stepping off the curb. She flagged down a taxi. A moment later, a yellow cab pulled up next to them. She opened the door and hopped inside, gesturing for Jasper to follow. “Get in.”
He climbed inside and closed the door behind him, examining the interior as he did so.
“Where to?” the cabbie said with not the slightest of interest. 
Dorothy recognized the cabbie’s tone. Poor guy. Another zombie stuck in the machine. Dorothy waved her hand forward. “Just drive.”
The cabbie nodded. “You got it, lady.” The cab jerked out into traffic, almost colliding into another taxi, setting off a brief war of honking horns.
Jasper was fascinated, observing how the cabbie controlled the vehicle with the steering wheel.
Dorothy was in turn, observing Jasper. Watching how his eyebrows furrowed, how intense his stare was as he absorbed his new environment.
She didn’t think she had ever seen a man so attractive before. He wasn’t pretty like today’s heartthrobs. He was rough around the edges. Someone who had been on adventures. Survived dangerous circumstances, yet maintained a mischievous demeanor. Had a glint in his eye that offered fun and excitement on the horizon. Get a hold of yourself, she thought, a second ago you thought he was an escaped lunatic.
“You’ve never been in a car?” she asked.
“No,” he said, with wonder in his voice. “They’re extraordinary.”
She chewed her lower lip, contemplating this. How could someone in this day and age never have been in a car? Was Oz a foreign country? He sounded slightly British. Come to think of it, his horse did too. Her mental gears ground to a halt.
His horse had talked. It had clearly spoken to her. Hadn’t it? Better not dwell on that, she told herself. She was already having doubts about her sanity and thoughts like that would only make things worse. Stick to the facts.
“Okay, help me out here,” she folded a leg underneath her to be able to face Jasper better. “This ‘Oz’. Where is it? How do we get there?”
Jasper sat back, giving Dorothy his full attention. “Oz is very, very far away. And getting there is going to be a little tricky. You see, how I got here was a one way trip.” He hesitated, then smiled. “I was actually counting on you knowing the way home.”
Dorothy was flabbergasted. She sputtered. “I don’t know the way! How am I supposed to know?”
“Minor setback,” He held up his hands, trying to calm her. ”That’s why I said it’s going to be tricky. We thought you had planned a way back.”
“Well, I guess you were wrong.” She was feeling angry. She had hoped for answers. Instead she was finding only new questions. She was still adrift. Still without any form of an anchor of who she was and where she was supposed to be. 
“Maybe. Maybe not.” Jasper didn’t seem to be worried or anxious about this problem. He reached inside his jacket and pulled out a pair of folded glasses. They were sleek and sturdy, yet elegantly designed, almost Victorian in style.
He offered them to her. “The General said you might need these.”
Dorothy took the glasses, holding them gently up to the light for a better look. They were a bit heavier than they appeared. More like goggles than glasses. The lenses were tinted and when she slipped them on, she found that the tint was green.
She looked at Jasper, then the world outside the taxi. Everything now had a pleasant green hue, but other than that she couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary. 
She turned back to Jasper. “They’re green sunglasses. What are they supposed to do?”
“He said they were yours and that you asked that they be returned to you when the time comes. Now is that time I assume.”
Dorothy sighed as she removed the glasses and tucked them into her jacket. “Okaaay. That was helpful. Any other ideas, because we’re not getting anywhere here.”
Jasper rubbed his strong chin and thought a moment. “There is one possibility. The Wizard is being held captive on this side. If we could find him, he might be able to help us get back.”
“The wizard?” Dorothy’s mind balked again. It had blown a fuse. She was getting into dangerous territory, where one could easily end up in a straight jacket gibbering about wizards and talking horses. 
She glanced at the cabbie. He had heard and was watching them with suspicious eyes. Probably debating on whether to dump us out onto the street or not, she thought.
Jasper continued unfazed. “The General’s had some communications with him.” He reached into his jacket again and dug out a piece of scrap paper from an inner pocket. He presented it to Dorothy. “I think it’s some form of code.”
She took the paper fragment and examined it. It felt rough and looked like vellum. Something from ancient times. The note was scrawled in rushed calligraphy. It read:
1900 Baum Street
Dorothy’s brows knotted together. “This is an address.”
Jasper sat forward. “You know it then?”
She shook her head. “I know what it is, but not where it is.”
“It’s in a place called…“ Jasper closed his eyes struggling to remember. They snapped back open as the answer came to him. “Can-zis,” he said, pronouncing it awkwardly.
The hairs on the back of Dorothy’s neck stood straight up and danced. “Kansas? That’s where I grew up.”
Jasper snapped his fingers. “Then that’s where we’re going.” He slapped the cabbie’s shoulder, getting his attention. “To Canzis, my friend.”
The cabbie growled and shrugged Jasper’s hand off his shoulder.
Dorothy knew the cabbie was about to blow his top. She had to intervene. “Uh… take us to the airport.”
What am I doing? Am I seriously going to do this? Dorothy paused, letting that thought linger. Yes. Yes, I am. She chuckled at how crazy this all was. Crazy and exciting.
When she looked back at Jasper, she realized how out of place he was. His outfit would draw too much attention. They’d never get past security.
Jasper noticed her scrutinizing gaze. “Is something wrong?”
“Yeah.” She leaned toward the cabbie. “We need to make a stop first.”






CHAPTER 6
THE DISTURBING DISGUISE

With Thanksgiving approaching, the airport was overflowing with travelers.
Everyone was distracted and rushing about, which made Dorothy feel better. She felt less conspicuous, though she realized, she wasn’t doing anything wrong. She was only guilty of following a complete stranger to a place she’d never heard of, that was all. 
She laughed to herself. It was thrilling to leave her old life behind and embark on an adventure into the unknown.
Dorothy and Jasper stood in line at the counter. She was surprisingly calm. It was Jasper who couldn’t keep still.
He was fidgeting in his new uncomfortable clothes. A pair of Levi’s, a long-sleeved green shirt (he had been a stickler on the color) and sneakers. He was carrying his Oz uniform in a shopping bag. They had made a brief stop along the way to pick up some normal clothes for him—ones that wouldn’t make people ask questions.
He stuck a finger in his collar and adjusted it by stretching it out.
Dorothy saw the store tag dangling off his shirt, rubbing against his neck. She yanked it off. “That better?”
He relaxed. “Much.”
The line moved an inch closer to the counter.
They were almost there. Dorothy took a deep breath. They would just buy their tickets and they’d be on their way. She opened her purse and fished out her wallet and driver’s license, then stopped, staring blankly at the picture of herself.
She pulled Jasper close, whispering in his ear. “You’re going to need an I.D.” She held out her driver’s license to show him. “I’m going to guess you don’t have one, right?”
He shook his head. “No. Where do I get one?”
She pulled him out of line, anxious. “You can’t.” She led him toward the exit. “We’ll have to find another way.”
As they threaded their way through the mob of travelers, Jasper saw a balding, pudgy man talking on a cell phone while stuffing some money into his wallet. The man’s I.D. was clearly visible.
Jasper watched as the man shoved the wallet into his coat pocket and fumbled with two suitcases, while still trying to hold the phone.
Dorothy felt Jasper slip free.
She turned to see him disappear into the crowd. Before she could say anything, he reappeared with a smile.
Jasper led her over to a wall and held out the man’s open wallet, displaying the driver’s license. “Will this do?”
“Where did you get that? Did you just steal it?” Dorothy whipped her head around guiltily.
“I borrowed it.”
“You have to give it back!” She shoved the wallet away.
He pushed it toward her. “Time is against us. We do what we need to.”
She slapped her hand to her forehead, feeling stressed. “It doesn’t even look anything like you!”
They both looked down at the man’s driver’s license. The photo on it showed the balding, pudgy man staring back at them with a tired, unhappy expression.
Another poor zombie victim, Dorothy noted. When she looked back up at Jasper to explain to him why this wouldn’t work, she almost fell over backwards.
Standing in Jasper’s place and wearing Jasper’s clothes was the chubby, bald man in the photo.
Dorothy’s mouth dropped open and repeatedly tried to form words, but nothing came out. If anyone had happened to witness this, they would have thought she was doing an imitation of a fish.
The pudgy man leaned toward her. “It’s me. Jasper.” It was still Jasper’s voice.
Her wide eyes doubled in size.
“You said I have to look like the picture.” He pointed at the man’s wallet in his thick, plump hand.
“But—how?” Her vocal chords had finally loosened.
He patted his chest. “I’m made of clay.”
“What?”
“Watch. And please—don’t panic.”
The pudgy man pressed his hand against the side of his face and pushed. His flesh buckled and rippled like Play-Doh, his cheek overlapping his nose and mouth in a grotesque contortion. He let go and his warped features unfolded, oozing back into place.
Dorothy stood frozen, her eyes bulging in horror. “No,” she said faintly, backing away.
He held out his hand, “Wait.”
She shook her head, “No…”
“You said you trusted me.”
“You’re not even human!” She felt betrayed. The first man she had ever been truly attracted to and he was made of clay. Of dirt.
The pudgy man visibly flinched at her words. He stood proudly. His round body and face, still that of the bald man, but his demeanor and stance was that of a Knight. “I may not be flesh and blood, but I’m as human as you.”
Dorothy could see she had hurt him. She could see the man under the disguise. But he wasn’t real. Then what was real? 
The question floated through her mind. We rode a talking horse and now we’re off to see a wizard. Why would a man of clay shock or surprise me? She could feel herself calming down.
We’re off to see a wizard.
That phrase somehow seemed familiar. She had to follow this to the end. She needed to know why she couldn’t remember her past. And that meant she had to stay with Jasper—the man made of clay.
She held Jasper’s plump hand. It felt so strange, his strong hands, now soft and spongy. The disguise was astonishing. “I’m sorry.”
He clasped her hand between his. “No need to apologize—” 
Movement caught his eye. 
Dorothy turned and spied what had drawn his attention. 
Long shadows flitted across a nearby floor and wall, moving in their general direction. The strange thing was that the shadows were traveling of their own accord, untethered by any person or object.
Jasper’s round face tensed as he spoke. “Shades. Living shadows. Agents of the Nome King.”
Dorothy huddled closer to him. “They know we’re here.”
He nodded. “We need to go before they see us.”
She took his hand and led him toward the ticket counter.






CHAPTER 7
THE UNREMEMBERED SECRET

The plane rumbled through the darkness, its engines droning in the empty sky.
Above the thin layer of clouds, the night was clear, stars were bright and the crescent moon was nestled among them. 
Jasper marveled at the beautiful view. He sat near the window, his disguise still in effect. He turned his gaze down to the sights below.
Dorothy sat beside him, uncomfortable and exhausted. The aisle seat next to her was empty. A small miracle that she was thankful for. Getting onto the plane had been stressful. Between worrying about airport security and avoiding the Shades, the tension had taken its toll on her.
The weather was on their side, giving them a peaceful flight. Hopefully it would last. 
Out of the corner of her eye, she sneaked a peek at Jasper.
His altered face and body disturbed her. She trusted him, but it didn’t change the fact that it was disorienting to be sitting next to a ‘stranger.’
She winced. The jackhammer in her head was really going at it. Her head had been throbbing since they had taken off. She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. There was just too much information to process.
Or maybe not enough. She couldn’t decide.
“Those lights below. They’re cities full of people?” Jasper asked with his ever present curiosity.
“Yeah.” Reluctantly, she looked over at him and was startled to see he was back to normal.
He was no longer pudgy and bald. His messy hair, his sparkling eyes, his scruffy handsome face—all back in place. It was bizarre how she had already found herself missing that face. It was nice to have it back.
She found herself grinning at him like a schoolgirl. She didn’t even notice that her headache had vanished.
“Reminds me of the Faerie cities in the Crystal Valleys.” There was a nostalgic excitement in his voice that was hard to resist.
Dorothy leaned over to have a look. They had been traveling for awhile and she had no idea where they were. Through the gaps in the clouds, she could see the spiderweb of city lights passing by underneath them.
From this height, the lights did have an ethereal quality to them. It was easy to get caught up in the fantasy. She bit her bottom lip, imagining magical creatures flitting to and fro down there. A sense of wonder was washing over her.
She suddenly realized Jasper was looking out the window with her. She felt the warmth of his cheek near hers. Their faces were almost touching. She quickly pulled back, her face reddening.
“Sorry.” Jasper smiled, amused at her embarrassment
“It’s okay.” She felt the heat radiating from her cheeks.
“You’re blushing,” he pointed out.
“I’m not blushing. It’s just hot in here.” This was a conversation she did not want to continue. 
“Feels fine to me,” he said.
“Well, it’s hot over here,” Dorothy said testily. She hated that she was being so defensive.
“Do you want to change seats?” he offered.
“I’m fine.” She reached up and clicked on the overhead fan. Cool air blew in her face. “There.”
He looked at her, smirking.
“What?” She laughed out the word, dissolving into giggles.
He laughed too. “As long as you’re comfortable.“
“I am.” She was freezing cold now, but would never admit it.
Dorothy changed the subject. “So tell me about Oz. All I can remember is the name.”
Still smiling, his expression grew wistful and longing. Dorothy could see how much he cared about his home. 
“Oz is…” he struggled to think of an appropriate word to describe it and failed. “Oz is Oz,” he said simply. “There are wonders everywhere you look.” He gestured around them. “This world is so grey in comparison.”
He paused, becoming solemn. “Well, that’s not true. Not anymore.” He locked eyes with her. “Things have changed since you’ve been away.”
“Why did I leave?” Dorothy asked, having already forgotten her embarrassment and was now concentrating on piecing together her puzzling past.
“The Nome King attacked and took control of Emerald City. You escaped and fled here.”
Emerald City? That name jolted her. Sent a chill down her spine. It would explain why she ended up working for a company named Emerald Designs. Must have been a subconscious choice, she thought.
“Okay,” Dorothy straightened, hungry for more information, “you mentioned this guy before. This Nome King. Who is he? And why is he after me?”
Jasper leaned closer to her. “He’s an enemy of Oz. One of the oldest. A tyrant from the underground that’s hated Emerald City and its rulers since it was first built. Every time he’s attacked, we’ve driven him back to his caves. You actually helped win a few of those battles.”
Dorothy shook her head. “I don’t remember any of this.”
“Well, he finally succeeded. He’s taken over the land. But that doesn’t mean anything unless he has the Ozma.”
“And what’s that?” She was on the edge of her seat, literally, leaning almost shoulder to shoulder with Jasper. This all sounded so amazing and exciting that she desperately wanted to believe it. 
“The Ozma is the first emerald. A special one. The heart of Oz itself. Without it, the land will die. You hid it before you escaped. That was twelve years ago.” He hesitated, “The land is dying.”
“Where did I hide it?” She gnawed on her lower lip, enthralled by the mystery.
His voice was low, almost a whisper and he spoke with a grave tone. “You’re the only one that knows. That’s why you need to regain your memories—you’re the only one that can save us.”
Dorothy sat back, her excitement fading, replaced by dread. If any of this were true, then the pressure on her was overwhelming.
Over Jasper’s shoulder, she saw something strange outside the window. The wing of the plane, visible in the moonlight, was slicing through the clouds and there was something moving in the air above its tip.
A dark form.
She could definitely make it out now. 
It was the shape of a person, shrouded in shadow, hunched forward. The figure wore a pointed, wide-brimmed black hat and a flowing black robe and cape.
And even more bizarre—the person was riding a broom.
Like a witch, Dorothy thought to herself.
The figure’s sinister gaze found Dorothy. They made eye contact, sending an icy chill down Dorothy’s spine.
The witch’s gnarled hand made a violent cutting motion in the air and the plane’s wing suddenly ripped in half, sending a geyser of sparks shooting into the night sky!
Dorothy screamed as the plane started to shudder violently. It shook and tilted sharply. Luggage compartments popped open and suitcases tumbled out, banging into the aisle. The engines whined under the stress and then—
—Everything was fine.
The wing was undamaged.
The compartments were secure.
There was no witch outside.
“What’s wrong?” Jasper was holding her shaking hands, looking out the window, then back at her.
She was still trembling. Another hallucination.
The other passengers were giving her dirty looks.
She pulled Jasper close, leaning against him and whispered, “I think I’m losing my mind. I thought I saw a witch outside.” She felt his body become tense.
He looked out the window for a good minute before returning to Dorothy. He lifted her chin and she saw the truth in his eyes. His steady, compassionate eyes.
Jasper shook his head. “You’re not crazy. Those are your memories fighting to escape. You just have to—”
He stopped as he saw a long shadow slide eerily across the wall of the plane.
“They followed us,” he said in a low voice. 
Dorothy had already traced Jasper’s gaze and spotted it as well. “What do we do?” she said in a strained hush.
“They’re toying with us. Letting us know we’re being watched.” Jasper sat back, keeping a vigilant eye on the rest of the plane.
Dorothy sank lower into her seat. “Why aren’t they attacking?”
“Too confined in here. They know we’d resist. Shades aren’t  fighters, they try to avoid combat.” His voice lowered further so that only she could hear. “When we land, we’ll have to move fast.”
Dorothy switched on the overhead lights. Whether they would help or not, she didn’t know, but it made her feel more secure.
She squeezed closer to Jasper, keeping a watch on the creeping shadows.






CHAPTER 8
THE SHADOWS STRIKE

The Kansas airport wasn’t nearly as crowded, but there were enough people to make life difficult if you wanted to move fast.
Dorothy and Jasper were having a hard time staying together as they hurried through the throng of commuters, keeping an eye out for their pursuers.
They had made it off the plane without incident. The Shades hadn’t attacked. Hadn’t made any kind of threatening move.
But they were close by.
Both Dorothy and Jasper could feel it. A prickly sensation of being watched. Of being followed.
A pair of individuals abruptly forced their way between them.  One was an older, stocky businessman in a suit and tie, with thinning grey hair—the other, a young man in a red hooded sweatshirt and jeans. They both shoved Jasper backward, ramming him into a wall.
Two other strangers grabbed Dorothy and yanked her away into the crowd. The new pair of assailants consisted of a middle-aged man with glasses, looking every bit like an average dad wearing a t-shirt and slacks, while the other man wore baggy trousers and appeared to spend an exorbitant amount of time lifting weights.
Jasper saw Dorothy disappear with them into the bustling mass of travelers.
His attention was diverted by the fact that the young man in the red hoodie was gripping him by the throat. The businessman wasn’t helping matters with his thick forearms pressing into Jasper’s chest, holding him against the wall.
Red Hoodie grinned. “Be still, clay man. The girl is ours now.”
That was when Jasper realized both of the men’s eyes were solid black.
Jasper stopped resisting, meeting the young man’s ebony gaze with his own unwavering stare. “I don’t think so.”
Red Hoodie’s hand suddenly slipped through Jasper’s neck. Jasper’s flesh was becoming soft clay. Jasper’s whole body was oozing downward, leaving nothing for them to grasp. The Businessman clawed at Jasper’s clothing, searching for something to hold onto.
Before his clay mass hit the floor, Jasper began to reform, kicking the Businessman hard in the gut, sending him flying backwards.
Jasper then turned and swung for Red Hoodie. Jasper’s arm was still reforming as it sliced through the air. The instant before impact, his fist solidified and smashed into Red Hoodie’s nose, knocking the young man flat onto the ground.
Leaping over his attackers, Jasper raced after Dorothy, leaving a few shocked witnesses wondering what they had just seen. Moving on his own, Jasper slipped easily through the crowd and spotted the two men leading Dorothy away. 
Closing the distance quickly, he grabbed the Middle-aged Man by the shoulder, spun him around, and decked him. The Middle-aged Man went tumbling to the floor, his ebony eyes closing in pain.
The Weight-Lifter turned and faced Jasper, towering over him, staring at him with solid black eyes.
Without hesitation, Jasper slugged the man in the jaw.
The Weight-Lifter let go of Dorothy and rubbed his stubbled chin. 
A lightning fast right hook caught Jasper off guard, spinning him almost completely around.
“Jasper!” Dorothy wanted to run to his aid, but knew she couldn’t help against this mountain of a man.
Jasper steadied his legs and squared off against the Weight-Lifter once more. “Let’s try that again.”
 Almost immediately, the Weight-Lifter threw another lunging punch.
This time Jasper was ready and dodged out of the way. He then planted a powerful blow into the Weight-Lifter’s kidney.
The Weight-Lifter doubled over in pain. Jasper didn’t wait around. He slugged the man right in the nose.
The Weight-Lifter teetered on wobbly legs.
Not taking another chance, Jasper struck him again.
The large man hit the ground like a fallen redwood tree.
“Wow.” It was all Dorothy could say. Jasper was far stronger than he looked.
Jasper gave her a cocky grin. “Shall we?“ He held out his hand.
She laughed and took it as they rushed out the nearby exit into the cold Kansas night.

Behind them, the Weight-Lifter sat up holding his throbbing, bleeding nose. He looked around, confused. His eyes were no longer black, but a more normal hazel. He watched, dumbfounded, as his shadow stretched out across the floor toward the exit, then detached and slid away from him.

Outside the airport, Dorothy suddenly stopped and jerked away from Jasper.
Reflexively, he tightened his grip. She frantically twisted and yanked her arm, trying to free herself.
For a moment, Jasper was baffled, then he saw her eyes.
Solid black. 
She was a fighter. He wouldn’t be able to hold onto her for long. He quickly scanned the area and spotted a shuttle waiting at the curb. He pulled her over to it and held her in the bright beam of the headlight. Dorothy fought, but he wrapped his arms around her, holding her still.
The black substance flowed across the surface of her eyes, leaving her body as inky tears, streaming sideways, trying desperately to escape the bright light. Dorothy let out a cry of anguish as she collapsed to the pavement.
Jasper saw the Shade streak across the ground away from Dorothy and into the nearest cluster of shadows. 
Dorothy’s eyes were clear.
“We have to go.” Jasper released his hold on her and helped her to her feet.
She was dazed and shaking.
The shuttle honked for them to move, startling them both.
Jasper recognized a taxi nearby and escorted her over to it. He gently placed her inside and joined her. He waved his hand forward, imitating what Dorothy had said to the previous cabbie—“Just drive.”
The cabbie nodded and swung out into traffic.
Jasper put a comforting arm around Dorothy.
She was still trembling. “What happened?”
“A Shade attached itself to you. Took control of you. The only way to get rid of one is to expose it to bright light.”
She looked up at him, terrified. “I’m not crazy. This is all really happening. Everything you said is true.”
He nodded. “I’d never lie to you.”
Dorothy couldn’t hold back the tears. “But I don’t remember any of it! How am I supposed to help if I don’t even know who I am?”
He held her close and spoke in a soft whisper. “Here’s what I know about you. You’ve been visiting Oz since you were a little girl. You’ve had adventures that would tax the strongest of men and the smartest of scholars. You inspired so much admiration and love in the people there, that we elected you, an outsider, as Queen.”
Dorothy’s shivers were receding. Jasper’s strong arm around her was providing a much needed sense of security. Her head felt heavy. She laid it against his shoulder and closed her eyes. “Thank you for believing in me, even when I don’t.”
He pulled a loose strand of hair away from her face. “Get some rest.”






CHAPTER 9
OFF TO SEE THE WIZARD

1900 Baum Street.
It was a sharp-edged rectangular building that was about as architecturally bland as one could get. Composed of aging red bricks, the edifice had a cold, almost fortress-like presence. The exterior illumination was sparse and left the walls draped in long shadows. Against the night sky, its monolithic silhouette left one feeling small. 
Dorothy and Jasper stood in front of the bleak, foreboding structure.
On the front lawn, planted deep in the withering grass, was an etched stone sign that read: PLUMLY SANITARIUM
Dorothy shivered in the cold Kansas air. Whether it was because of the chill or the creepy building they were about to enter, she couldn’t decide. They left they’re waiting cab and hesitantly approached the entrance.
She was about to knock on the wooden door when Jasper stopped her.
“If he’s being held captive, we don’t want to alert the guards,” he said in a hushed voice.
“No, it’s not like that. This is a sanitarium. Like a hospital.” She saw he still didn’t understand, so she simplified it. “Doctors.”
He was still wary of the situation. “The General said he was being held against his will.”
She sighed. “He probably is, but—listen, you asked me to trust you. Now I’m asking you to trust me.”
For a brief second, she thought he was going to fight her on this, then he stepped aside, allowing her to take the lead.
Dorothy knocked lightly on the door.
No response.
She knocked a little louder. Again, no one answered.
Dorothy tried the doorknob and the door, surprisingly, creaked open. “Been in the city too long. Forgot no one locks their doors around here.”
They entered a small waiting room with a front desk.
The furniture and decor seemed stuck somewhere between the fifties and the seventies, with a copper starburst-shaped clock on the olive green wall, curved burnt-orange plastic chairs with thin metal legs, and an old-fashioned wood-cased radio on a corner stand.
No one was present. It was deadly quiet, feeling deserted, aside from the lights still being on. They walked up to the desk, causing the linoleum floor to squeak with each step. There was no bell to ring and Dorothy was afraid to call out into the heavy silence.
A nurse walked by the office doorway and noticed them with a slight double-take. She was a short, overweight African-American woman in her late forties and moved with a bouncy pep in her step as she slid behind the front desk. “Did I forget to lock that door again? Tsk, tsk. Ellie May, where is your mind at.” She shook her head and chuckled. “Never mind me. Can I help you?”
“Um… We were told someone we know is here.” Dorothy said, giving her a friendly smile. 
The nurse returned the smile. “I’m sorry, visiting hours ended at eight, sweetie. You’ll have to come back tomorrow.”
Dorothy checked her watch. It was almost twelve-thirty. She hadn’t realized it was so late.
Jasper placed his hand on the nurse’s hand giving it a firm, but gentle squeeze. “We need to speak with him. It’s an urgent matter.”
The nurse considered them for a moment and Dorothy could have sworn the nurse was blushing. Dorothy could relate.
“Let me see what I can do for you.” The nurse opened the log book, licking a finger as she turned a page.
Dorothy noted that there was no sign of a computer here. They still did everything by hand. The modern age really had passed them by.
The nurse flipped a few pages, then glanced up at them. “What’s his name?”
There was an awkward silence as Dorothy shot a questioning look toward Jasper.
He shook his head. “I have no idea. We just know him as—.”
Dorothy held out her hand to stop him. It would be better if she said it. Embarrassed, she faced the Nurse. “We don’t know it.”
The log book slammed shut, sending a few loose papers scuttling across the desk. The nurse gave them a curious glare. “Then how did you expect to find him?”
“This is going to sound really stupid, but…” Dorothy licked her lips, mustering the courage to finish the sentence, “he calls himself a wizard.”
“Of Oz,” Jasper chimed in.
“A wizard of Oz.” Dorothy smiled, mortified. In the back of her mind, a fear arose that the doctors would end up locking her away in here. It was a sanitarium after all.
The nurse brightened and laughed. “That would be Mr. Zoroaster!”
It was not the reaction Dorothy had been expecting. “He’s actually here?” She was dumbstruck.
“Oh my, yes. Oscar Zoroaster. Quite a storyteller that one.” The nurse thought for a moment, “You know, he never has visitors. And he’s a night-owl so I bet he’s still up. Listen, I’ll let you see him, but you can only stay a few minutes.”
Dorothy nodded, amazed at their luck. “Thank you!”
The nurse led them inside and down a hall into a creaky elevator. She pushed a button for the second floor and the elevator squeaked and rattled its way up one level.
Jasper didn’t like the sensation and steadied himself with a hand on the scuffed, metallic wall.
The light inside blinked when it came to a stop and Dorothy was scared that they would be trapped inside, in the dark. But thankfully, the light stayed on and the doors opened. She breathed easier when they stepped out. 
They followed the nurse down poorly lit hallways, past rows of closed doors. 
As nice as the nurse was, Dorothy still found the place to be claustrophobic and spooky. She could tell that Jasper felt the same way by how he walked. It was a subtle difference, but she could see he was on alert. Ready for action. Ready to protect me, she thought with a burst of exhilaration.
At room number 44, the nurse stopped and wagged a stubby finger as she instructed them in a whisper. “You have to keep your voices down. I don’t want you waking the others.” 
Dorothy nodded again.
The nurse opened the door a crack and leaned in. “Mr. Zoroaster? You have some visitors. Would you like to see them?”
A voice came from behind the door that sounded old and frail. “Visitors?” There was an excited curiosity in his tone. “Please, please. That would be wonderful!”
The nurse ushered them inside.
The room was small, covered with faded, flower-patterned yellow wallpaper and had one tiny window that was too high,  caked with dust and grime. An adjacent bathroom was off to the side, lost in the shadows. There was only one light source at the moment—a lamp on a nightstand, near a metal-framed bed.
Sitting up in that bed was Oscar Zoroaster. A feeble shell of a man. He looked ancient with wrinkles covering every inch of exposed pale flesh. Transparent plastic tubes ran from his arm, up to an IV stand at his bedside. He wore dark green silk pajamas and held an open book in his thin hands, which he lowered as Dorothy entered. 
Tilting his head down, the old man squinted at them over his wire-rimmed glasses. “It’s too dark. Come into the light.”
He adjusted the lamp so that it brightened more of the room.
Dorothy and Jasper cautiously moved closer to him.
Mr. Zoroaster studied them for a second, then his eyes widened with a spark of recognition. A warm smile spread across his face.
“Oh my. Oh my, my, my. Miss Gale. It’s good to see you again,” the old man said.






CHAPTER 10
THE WIZARD OF OZ

Dorothy’s mouth fell open in shock.
She didn’t know what to say. This man remembered her. He was part of her past.
The nurse, satisfied that Mr. Zoroaster did in fact know them, patted her hand lightly on Dorothy’s back.
“I’ll leave you three alone.” She then slipped out the door, shutting it behind her.
Mr. Zoroaster slowly shook his head from side to side. “You’re all grown up, aren’t you? I hadn’t realized so much time had passed.”
Dorothy couldn’t help but smile at the way he spoke to her. Like a family member. Like a grandfather.
Her heart beat faster. This man had answers. Her mind raced, trying to formulate a question from the jumbled thoughts that were bouncing around inside her head. 
Mr. Zoroaster turned his attention to Jasper, raising his eyebrows as he appraised the young man. “And who might you be, son?”
Jasper bowed with fluid grace, then stood tall. “Jasper Clayfellow, sir. A Knight of Oz.”
“Oh! Splendid! Splendid!” Mr. Zoroaster clapped his hand against the pages of his book, then pointed a finger at Jasper, “I would caution you to not go around announcing that. They’ll lock you up in here as well.”
Jasper glanced around the room warily. He nodded, appreciating the old man’s warning. “Not without a fight, sir.”
Mr. Zoroaster laughed. “That’s a good lad!” He leaned forward and spoke in a hushed tone. “I’ve managed to make contact with the General a few times using the mirror.”
He gestured toward a mirror on the nightstand, next to the lamp. It was a circular five-inch mirror, sitting upright on a pivoting stand.
His skeletal fingers reached behind the bed and brought up a rod wrapped with aluminum foil. There was a ball of foil at the top end. Copper wire was coiled around the length of the rod.
He pointed to the loose end of the wire at the bottom. “You see, I attach the copper wire to the mirror and aim the top receiver toward the window.”
Mr. Zoroaster propped the rod against the mirror and window to demonstrate. “Sometimes, usually during a thunderstorm, the signal gets through. I can only chance it at night though, what with these nurses bothering me every few hours with their medications.”
The hairs on Dorothy’s neck raised. She remembered the sensation of being watched in her apartment. Of a face in the mirror. Had it been real after all? Someone spying on her?
“In my apartment, I thought I saw a face in the mirror… was that you?” she asked in a soft voice.
“No, child. I’ve only had contact with the General.” His bushy white eyebrows drew together, knotting into a mass of crinkles and creases. “Curious, though. There’s not many alive that know how to use mirror transmission.”
Jasper was kneeling, inspecting the rod. “Amazing.”
Dorothy was less then impressed. The old man sounded like a complete crackpot. Aluminum foil! The mentally unstable were addicted to the stuff. She was surprised the old man wasn’t wearing a hat made of it.
The fact that he knew about Oz and who she was, only confused her more.
Mr. Zoroaster grinned, his eyes twinkling with life. “Thank you, son. I do say, I’m proud of my own ingenuity. It’s brought you two here to come and free me.” He tucked the rod back behind his bed.
Dorothy winced. She didn’t want to hurt the old man’s feelings. “Well… not exactly.”
“No?” Mr. Zoroaster looked up at her, puzzled.
She took a breath. “We need your help.”
“Just like old times, eh?” Mr. Zoroaster chuckled. “Once again you seek aid from the great and powerful Wizard of Oz.”
“Are you really a wizard?” asked Dorothy with a suspicious smile. She asked it as if waiting for the punchline to a joke.
Mr. Zoroaster eyed her with a scrutinizing stare, then motioned for her to kneel next to the bed. “Come closer.”
She knelt down and looked up at him with searching eyes.
He put his shriveled, liver-spotted hand on hers and gave her a concerned look. “You don’t know me, do you?”
Tears started to form, but she fought them back. “No. I don’t remember anything about you. Or Oz.”
He leveled a stern gaze at her. “You’ve been bewitched.”
Jasper stood next to her. “Her own doing. To protect the Ozma.”
Mr. Zoroaster rubbed his coarse chin and nodded knowingly. “Ah, I see. You’ve hidden it from the Nome King.”
“That’s what I’ve been told.” Dorothy’s breathing had slowed, becoming shallow. She was almost holding her breath, hoping this old man would give her something—anything—that would help her remember.
“Clever girl.” Mr. Zoroaster leaned back, propping his balding head against the pillow. Wispy white hair ringed his temples. “To answer your question… am I a wizard? I didn’t choose that title, but that’s what they call me.”
Dorothy leaned in, feeling foolish saying this out loud. “Do you have magic powers?”
He grinned. “One man’s magic is another man’s science, my dear.”
If she wasn’t so desperate, she would have laughed. His playfulness was contagious. “You don’t like giving straight answers, do you?”
“Answers are funny little things. They don’t like to be found easily and very rarely satisfy the person searching for them. I’m too old to go chasing after the critters. Better to just point in their direction.” Mr. Zoroaster winked at her.
Hope was starting to dwindle in Dorothy. “Can you at least tell us how to get back?”
Mr. Zoroaster chuckled again, as if the answer were plain as day. “That part is easy. Your magic slippers will transport you there.”
“Magic slippers?” Another mystery. Dorothy’s heart felt like it was being crushed.
Mr. Zoroaster nodded. “Yes, yes. I would hazard a guess that you’ve hidden those too.” He paused, taking a moment to think, then stabbed the air with confidence. “You’re a sentimental girl. Start at the beginning. Look for them there.” 
“The beginning?” She had no idea what that meant.
“Just follow your heart, child. You always have.” He said, warmly.
Dorothy was baffled. “If I find them, do I just put them on? I don’t understand.”
“Magic heels clicked thrice and a destination thought.” Mr. Zoroaster tapped his temple. “The slippers will do the rest.”
She laughed. “You’re kidding, right?”
Mr. Zoroaster became deadly serious. “Those slippers are embedded with ancient magic. I would never speak lightly about them.”
A little shaken by Mr. Zoroaster’s intensity, Dorothy stood,  ready to leave. “Is there anything else you can tell me?”
He grasped her hand, his expression grim. “Only this. When your memories do return, understand that they will be those of a child. Oz isn’t the bright, cheerful world you thought it was. It has a darker side. Remember that.”
Dorothy nodded, heeding his advice. “I’m sorry that we can’t take you with us.”
He waved a withered hand. “I’ll be fine, my dear. I’ve been here so long, what’s a few more ticks of the clock?”
“Thank you.” She turned and headed out the door. 
“Sir.” Jasper bowed once more, then followed after her, leaving the Wizard of Oz alone in his tiny prison of a room.
Dorothy strode through the hallways, contemplating the crazy information just given to her. It made no sense.
Start at the beginning.
It was frustrating that her life was blank with pieces of the puzzle seemingly within her grasp, yet staying just out of reach. She wanted to throw her hands in the air and scream. Scream at the world. At the universe.
It was a silent ride down in the elevator.
Jasper could see by Dorothy’s attitude that she was in no mood to talk.
Start at the beginning.
What did that mean?
They exited the elevator and passed the nurse at her desk. Dorothy thanked her as they exited the building and walked toward the waiting cab. 
Start at the beginning.
It was so vague, it could mean anything.
Then Dorothy stopped in her tracks.
Jasper almost collided with her. He was about to ask what was wrong, when he saw the change in her expression. He grinned. “You know what he’s talking about, don’t you?”
Dorothy knew. It had to be. When she looked at him, there was determination in her eyes.
“I’m doing what he said. I’m going back to the beginning.”






CHAPTER 11
BACK TO THE BEGINNING

The cab sped down a lonely dirt road, spewing chunks of mud behind it. Its headlights cut into the night, carving a path out of the oppressive darkness.
The twin shafts of light offered only glimpses of what the surrounding area looked like—miles and miles of muddy abandoned farmland. A flat desolate void.
Looking out the taxi’s windows, Dorothy was reliving her childhood in flashes. Remembering why she wanted to escape into her books. Into her imagination. There was nothing out here. 
The car came to a stop in front of an old dilapidated farmhouse. The cab’s headlights splashed across part of the house, leaving the rest to be swallowed by the night. The faded yellow paint was peeling and there were loose boards hanging askew.
Dorothy and Jasper got out of the car and walked toward the front door, their shoes sinking into the wet dirt.
The cab had shut off its engine and with miles and miles of emptiness around them, it was noticeable that there weren’t any animal noises.
No crickets. No stray dogs or coyotes or birds.
A dead zone. The silence was eerie. It made them move with care.
The door was locked. Dorothy looked down at a hefty rock, the size of a football, sitting in what used to be the front garden. She rolled the large stone over and exposed a rusty key. 
She let out a quiet laugh. “It’s still here.” She snatched it up and unlocked the door. It groaned on its hinges as they entered.
The cab’s headlights shined through the windows, giving them a sense of the room.
Disturbed dust particles swirled in the air, stirred by their presence. The place was layered with dust. Furniture and knickknacks still occupied their places, as if waiting for their owners to return and make use of them once more.
“This is where I grew up,” Dorothy said in a whisper, though she didn’t know why.
Jasper swept a hand across a shelf, displacing the caked grime. “You’ve been away a long time.”
She felt a pang of guilt. “Too long.”
As they moved deeper into the house, there was less light to see by and Dorothy more or less felt her way around. She guided Jasper into the kitchen and slid her hands across the counter, down to a series of drawers. “We had power outages all the time. I was taught to find this in the dark.”
There was the sound of a match being struck, followed by a flame sparking into existence.
Dorothy lit three candles in a brass candelabra, which cast a warm glow across their faces. She pocketed some more matches and picked up the candelabra, holding it out in front of her as they made their way through the house.
“Where are your parents?” Jasper lowered his voice, which sounded too loud in the hallway.
“Never knew them. My Aunt and Uncle raised me.” Dorothy paused, her voice becoming distant, “They both passed away when I was younger.”
He looked over at her, getting a glimpse of the vulnerable little girl that she used to be. “I’m sorry.”
She caught his gaze and straightened, squashing down that window into her past. “Nothing to be sorry about. Just the way it was.”
The orange candlelight cast their flickering shadows against the walls. The old floorboards creaked under foot. With each dark room that they passed, Dorothy was becoming unsettled.
The place was so lifeless. The absence of her Aunt and Uncle was creating a ghostly vacuum in the house.
It had been a long time since she had thought about their deaths. Her Uncle Henry had died of a heart attack when she was ten. Auntie Em had died in her sleep a couple of years later. After that, her memory got hazy.
She came to the realization that she had never felt at home here either. That feeling of not fitting in had always been there. Since as early as she could remember.
Dorothy led Jasper into a small bedroom that held a bed with a frilly pink patchwork quilt covering it. On top of it were a few stuffed animals, their colors muted from age and dust.
In the corner was a bookcase and near the window stood a short dresser with a cracked vanity mirror. The walls were decorated with stickers of flowers and grinning suns.
She looked around wistfully. “My bedroom. Whatever we’re looking for, it’ll probably be here.”
Jasper smiled as he took in the contents of the room. It was like a snapshot of her childhood. It made him feel closer to her.
She had grabbed a pillow and was busy patting it down, when she noticed his amused expression. She cocked a half grin. “Gimme a break. I was a little girl.”
He laughed. “No, I like it. Very Queen-like.”
She threw the pillow at him, laughing. “Shut up and search.”
He caught it and chucked it to the ground, bowing with a grin. “Yes, M’Lady.”  
They searched the dresser drawers, under the bed, in the closet, and behind the dresser. They came up empty-handed.
As they were moving the dresser back into place, Dorothy thought she saw something out of the corner of her eye.
A shadowy face in the cracked vanity mirror, watching her.
A cold chill ran down her spine. She swung around to stare in the mirror and saw only her own reflection. That wasn’t her imagination. She was sure of it. She gave the mirror a distrustful look.
Jasper stood beside her, appearing in the reflection with her. “You saw something?”
She nodded. “We were being watched.”
Jasper frowned, his fists clenching. “That means someone knows we’re here. We need to hurry.” 
Before she could give it any more thought, Dorothy’s gaze shifted to the window, focusing on something outside.
“It’s not here,” She pointed toward the window. “It would be there.”






CHAPTER 12
THE YELLOW BRICK ROAD

Jasper looked to where Dorothy was pointing in the window and saw a fairly large weather-beaten shed a few feet to the side of the house.
Dorothy rushed back toward the kitchen to snatch a keyring hanging on a wooden peg, then shot out the front door with Jasper right behind her.
She hurried toward the shed. The structure had once been a bright yellow, but time had stripped its vibrancy down to a dull grey.
She unlocked the heavy, weathered padlock that secured the shed’s barn doors and grunted as she swung one side open, while Jasper effortlessly opened the other.
They stepped inside. 
Two of the three candles had blown out in her dash between buildings. She struck another match and relit them.
In the candlelight, they could see rakes, hoes, shovels, and other various farm equipment hanging on the walls. There were two small cross-paned windows on either side.
A smile crossed Dorothy’s face. This was her space. “I used to spend most of my time in here. Reading. Playing.”
Jasper scanned the walls. The hanging tools were sharp and dangerous looking. “Nice place for a kid.”
She laughed. “My Aunt and Uncle didn’t have much. I had to entertain myself.”
They reached the back of the shed and she pointed to a frayed, worn out couch cushion that lay next to a red brick fireplace. “This is where I’d curl up with my blanket and get lost in my books.”
Jasper could see the nostalgia welling up in her as she gazed at the spot on the floor. 
“This must be it,” he said with confidence.
Dorothy glanced over at him, snapping back to the present. “Hmm?”
He gestured toward the cushion. “This is where you would have hidden something.”
She nodded. “It has to be.”
Jasper dropped to one knee and started squeezing the cushion, feeling to see if anything was inside it.
Dorothy, however, was drawn to the fireplace.
“Uncle Henry knew this was my favorite spot. He built this to keep me warm and to give me light to read by.” She stretched her arm up inside the fireplace, feeling around.
Jasper joined her. “Here, I’ve got a longer reach.”
Dorothy pulled her arm out and brushed her hands together, removing the soot, while Jasper stuck his hand up inside.
After a minute, he shook his head and pulled his arm out. “Nothing up there.”
She bit her lip, concentrating. “There’s something about this fireplace. I can feel it.”
Jasper felt around the exterior. “Then there has to be a clue.” He started to run his fingers along its edges with an expert’s touch.
While Jasper combed the fireplace for signs, Dorothy sat down on the cushion, cross-legged, and studied her environment.
This was maddening. Why couldn’t I leave easier clues for myself?
She was becoming very irritated with the thought of her younger self planting this obscure trail. A brat making it difficult on purpose. Laughing, knowing that her future self would wander around like a buffoon, trying to piece it all together.
But Dorothy pushed that image out of her mind. She knew she wasn’t that type of a person, even as a kid. She also knew she would have done the best that she could. She just had to look at this from her own point of view.
“If I knew I wasn’t going to have my memories, why would I make it so difficult?” she wondered aloud.
“I don’t know. You like challenges?” Jasper was now checking where the fireplace connected to the wall, seeing if there were a secret door or something.
“No. I wouldn’t do that to myself.” And that, of course, was the answer. She brightened. “I wouldn’t make it hard! I would make it easy to find. I would hide it in a location that was only special to me and no one else. So we’re in the right place.”
She started glancing around, searching the room. “Next thing I would do is make it so that only I could see it.”
She sat up straighter. She was on the right track.
“And how would you accomplish that?” Jasper could see she was onto her own trail. He knelt down, watching her puzzle out the mystery.
“I don’t know. Maybe something that could only be seen from this exact spot.” She craned her neck at different angles, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. “Maybe an arrow drawn somewhere that would glow in the dark or only show up with a black light or an infra-red camera or something.
“Can you do any of that?” he asked hopefully, not understanding what she was referring to.
“No,” she said, frustrated. “That’s the problem. I don’t have those things. How would I know what I’d need?” She started talking to herself. “How would I know? How would I know?” And again the answer was simple. “I wouldn’t know. Because I wouldn’t be able to remember.” She was close, she could feel it. She looked up at him. An electric chill coursed through her body. Goosebumps rose up her arms.
“I’d have someone give me what I needed when the time was right,” she said excitedly.
“The glasses,” they both said to each other at the same time.
“Whoever this General is, I trusted him to give me these.” Dorothy said, pulling out the victorian style, green-tinted glasses that Jasper had given her back in New York.
She wasted no time in slipping them on.
Through the lenses, everything around Dorothy took on a green tint.
Everything, that is, except for one brick in the fireplace.
One brick was yellow.
It was so bright it almost glowed.
She gasped. “One of the bricks is yellow!”
“From the yellow brick road,” Jasper said in a hushed tone, “You must have saved a piece after the Nome King destroyed it.”
Dorothy gripped the brick and found that it was loose.
It resisted at first, then with a firm tug, slid out, revealing a recessed nook behind it.
Inside the nook was an object wrapped tightly in cloth.
Carefully, Dorothy slid the object out. She removed the glasses and tucked them back into her jacket, so that she could better examine the discovery. 
The cloth was checkered with blue and white squares. With a jolt, she recognized it immediately. 
“Part of a dress I had when I was younger,” she said in an awed whisper. 
Ever so gently, she unwrapped it, exposing a pair of sparkling silver slippers.
Jasper and Dorothy both leaned in to admire their beauty.
“Slippers. Just like he said…” Dorothy ran a finger down the length of one. “Feels like glass, but soft.“
She marveled how at first glance the slippers looked like polished silver, but when held at different angles, they would blossom with color— ruby red, then sky blue, then emerald green…
They were the most beautiful thing Dorothy had ever seen.
A sound outside made Dorothy jump.
Shrieking.
Like a mob of women and children crying out in pain. From out of the black night, the sound was downright unnerving and it was getting closer. 
Dorothy was petrified.
Jasper rushed over to shut the doors. “Crows! They’ve tracked us down!”
Dorothy let out a breath that she hadn’t realized she was holding. He was right. It wasn’t screaming, it was cawing. The crows—hundreds by the sound of it—had found them.
“Put the slippers on!” Jasper said as he slipped a shovel through the door handles, preventing the doors from swinging back open.
They could hear the birds’ talons and beaks scratching and clawing on all sides of the shed, determined to get inside. The sounds echoed with each sliver of wood that was carved away by the feathered beasts.
Looking at the slippers, Dorothy saw that they were a child’s size. “They’re too small! They’ll never fit!”
The glass cracked on both windows. The crows were pecking away furiously. They would be through those windows in seconds.
Jasper positioned himself near Dorothy, ready to defend her. “Make them fit!”
Dorothy kicked off her sneakers, standing in white socks, and started to force one of the slippers onto a foot.
She watched in amazement as the shoe elongated, sliding on with ease. She didn’t question it and put on the other slipper which also resized itself. 
The effect was immediate.
The terror and panic that was building inside her, faded away, replaced with a tingling, calming wave that washed over her. Her eyes were wide, in shock, as the sensation threatened to lift her off the ground.
Memories were flooding back to her.
Her first trip to Oz. The friends she made there—she could hear their voices. Remembered each of their quirky personalities. The laughter and fun they shared together. The adventures she had experienced. So many!
Her reaction to the news of being elected Queen. How proud she felt. Then soon after, the attack. The Nome King’s assault on Emerald City.
Her preparation to protect the Ozma. The plan to hide herself in New York. To have Glinda weave a spell of amnesia on her after she put everything in its place.
Then—years of misery. Of being a blank slate. Of being a zombie. Waiting. Waiting for the moment to wake up.
And finally it had come.
“Jasper. I remember. I remember it all.”
Jasper could sense the change in her. She was almost crackling with energy. “You know the way back?”
Dorothy’s eyes gleamed. A wide smile spread across her lips as she held out her hand.
“Let’s go.” Her smile was warm and mischievous—full of adventure. 
Jasper felt a bit unsteady which was unusual for him. Now he understood all the stories about Dorothy Gale. How a little girl could take on the likes of the Nome King, the Witches, or the Mangaboos and survive.
It was all right there in that smile. And it was the most attractive thing he had ever seen.
He took her hand and she laughed with delight. Jasper’s throat went dry. Had the crows gone away? He couldn’t hear them anymore. Or maybe he had just stopped paying attention.
Dorothy closed her eyes and clicked her heels three times. She smiled at the action. How many times had she clicked her heels at work, wishing to go home? A reflex memory from her childhood adventures.
She felt the stale air swirl around her in a whirlwind, blowing her hair across her face—the wind whistling past her ears. Faster and faster. Her feet lifted off the ground.
Dorothy couldn’t help but to giggle. She was going home.
And there’s no place like home.

THE STORY CONTINUES IN:

SHADOW OF OZ
By Nick Damon
    Acknowledgments

I want to thank Carolyn for always being there and sticking by my side. The life of an artist is a rocky road and you have made that road so much easier and so much more fun. Love you.


I’d also like to thank all of you Oz fans out there. I’m so grateful for your enthusiasm and kindness.


And of course, thank you to L. Frank Baum for creating the wonderful world of Oz.







You can contact me here:
www.ndamon.com

    ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Nick Damon is both a writer and artist. He has sculpted action figures for the toy market, done production design for film, created lines of collector monster masks, and had the privilege of doing work for both Disney’s California Adventure and Tokyo’s DisneySea theme parks. He also co-wrote the screenplay for the 2010 film “Hunter Prey”.

In 2012, he published his first novel, “Shadow of Oz”.
