

Shadow Queen
Shadows of Time Book Two
By B.R. Nicholson

Smashwords Edition





Copyright 2014 B.R. Nicholson
Smashwords Edition

Prologue
I am slouched forward, staring at my trembling hands. The mass of sadness for the lost little girl and the tragic blue-eyed elf overwhelms me and flows freely from my eyes. “Why must you tell me this horrible story?”
His face, full of fire and metal, leans in close to mine. I feel his warmth drying my tears. It melts into my skin like sunlight. “You must listen to it. And I must tell it. It is as hard for me as it is for you.”
“But I don’t understand,” I say, my chest heaving underneath the weight of a stranger’s memories. “These poor people’s struggles have nothing to do with my own. How does this explain this prison? Or that atrocity outside? You have given me nothing but more questions. I feel as if they shall eat me alive.”
He hangs his head, his face clenched and full of suffering. “Then I will tell you more. I will—damn, if only there was more time!” He jumps up, overturning his chair. He hides his face from my sight. Before I can speak, I see something strange, something remarkable. Red glistening feathers cascade down the stranger’s back. At first, I think they are part of a cloak, but I look closer. They are wings.
“Please, don’t go. Tell me more,” I say, my voice pleading, “Tell me about you.”
He turns, hesitant. I realize the fiery feathers extend up from his neck and onto his face. They smolder in the low lighting of the room.
He reaches down and sits the chair upon its feet. He stares at it for only a moment before sliding onto its seat. He flexes his wings to mold themselves around the chair’s body. Beneath the metal and regret on his face I see something beautiful. Yet the longer I gaze, the more my heart swells with pity.
“I have told you of the beginning. However, there is more I know of the middle. I know Luthen spent many years rekindling the link between heir and Anvalin. It resisted Anya’s touch at times. However, she proved the stronger and it was not long afterward that Luthen began to leave chaos in his trail. In those days, death reigned supreme.”

Chapter One
“Christophe! Up to the wall. I want a word with you.” Captain Dafoe’s voice sounded like the growl of an old hound. The creases around his eyes tensed as he grew impatient with the slow moving cadet.
“Yes, Captain!” Christophe spilled up the steps. A gangly youth of fourteen, he was all angles and no common sense. Even though he was the youngest guard of the Ville de Nord, the last surviving human fortress on Lythia, his youth guaranteed the sharpest of sight out of all the grizzled men.
As he waited for the boy to compose himself, Dafoe wiped a smear of soot from his face with a blackened cloth and tucked it back into his belt. Summer was dwindling and he greatly anticipated the returning cold of winter.
“I need your eyes. Look into the distance for me,” Dafoe said, grabbing the youth by the boney shoulder and steering him toward the ledge. The Captain could hear the air escape in one sharp gasp from Christophe’s gaping mouth.
Like a bruise on the horizon, a voluminous storm cloud seeped from between a ragged jaw of mountains. The sight reminded Dafoe of an etching he had seen of smoke seething from a dragon’s open mouth. 
Lightning dug into the ground, dragging the storm cloud along, like a giant spider set ablaze with a ghostly fire. The speed of the menacing cloud quickened as it spilled down into landscape, rolling closer to the small human city of Ville de Nord, and closer to the curious Captain Dafoe. 
“Well, what do you see, Christophe?”
“I… I’m not sure. Is it really a storm? I’ve never seen, or even heard, of something so—”
“—Vicious? Neither have I, not in all of my seasons in the Ville de Nord,” Dafoe said, shaking his head and rattling the chainmail hood that rested above his eyes.
“You don’t think it’s a dragon, do you, Captain?” Christophe turned his head to face him, the young boy’s eyes large and glassy with fear.
“No, it’s far too big to be that. And look at the shape! Besides, no dragon would have the need to conceal itself in a storm. It would wait until the cover of night.”
“Then what is it if it isn’t a dragon?” Christophe turned back to the horizon, totally absorbed by the gathering chaos. 
Captain Dafoe said nothing and stared deep into the clouds. It was true his vision was not as good as the boys, but his instincts were more refined. And his instincts told him this was no ordinary storm. This was something to be feared.
“Captain! I think I saw something—or maybe it was nothing at all—”
“—Make up your mind, boy! What did you see?” Dafoe rapped Christophe on his helmeted head with his armored knuckles.
“I don’t know, it’s foolish!” He thought he heard the boy choke on his words. “I must be going mad, that’s what it must be!”
“Out with it boy, before I toss you over into the mote,” said Dafoe, his voice a rocky growl. The boy was wearing his patience thin.
“I may have seen a city, up there in the clouds. There were towers and bridges, everything. It was just sitting there as if the clouds were only fog.”
“You have gone mad,” said Dafoe. He couldn’t help but laugh at the skittish young boy. He wondered if he had ever been so foolish at that age. “Dismissed!”
“I’m sorry, Captain, I’ll return to my post then…” /Christophe’s face was flushed and sweaty as he stumbled into a quick bow and scrambled down the stairs. 
Captain Dafoe turned back to the sky. The storm had already drawn itself halfway into the valley. It would be on the city within the hour. He would soon send for the order to lock away the women and children inside the castle keep.
Let them have one final moment’s peace.


***


The group of boys stood strong against the salty wind, their bronze backs slick with sweat. The sun beat down unmercifully upon their heads as the waves beat themselves into froth at their feet. Though they had been out in the heat for hours, a single hint of fatigue or thirst would be shameful in the eyes of their master, Warrior Vintas.
Astrid crouched in the shadow of the cliffs, picking the day’s lesson apart in her mind. Today had been one of the final lessons for a few. They would be put up to challenge for the mantle of warrior within a matter of days. Astrid burned for such a chance.
She waited for Ethen with fists clenched. Though he was years away from his rite of passage, he was invaluable as a sparring partner. Long after the class had left and when the sun sank into the frothing sea, they would fight and teach each other what the other could not grasp.
Astrid and her saida-feru—sand brother—had been inseparable since coming together under Healer Ilsie’s roof. Though both their families had been taken by the sands of the Great Desert, the sands had also bound them together in a saida-felidia—sand family.
Astrid huffed as she watched Warrior Vintas praise the class’s prowess. She watched as he nodded his head, his long red beard billowing in the wind. Though she burned with jealously, her heart sang with glee. She had finally devised a way to prove herself worthy of the mantle of Warrior. 
Now if only I can convince Ethen…
She saw Warrior Vintas dismiss the class with a wave of his massive hand. The young warriors scattered and broke off into smaller groups. Some headed back to the village while others headed to the desert to hunt for their suppers.
Ethen meandered around the rocky cliffs, trying not to attract attention from his peers. Astrid crouched low behind a boulder as she waited for him to get close. She could see him narrow his sea-green eyes, trying to adjust his vision to the shadows.
Astrid sprang from her hiding place in one swift attack, planting Ethen’s face in the gritty sand. She snickered as she pulled him to his feet.
“You should really be more careful sneaking around in the shadows,” she said, raking the dust from his leather vest.
He batted her hands away, a sour grimace tugging at his mouth. “And you really shouldn’t be sneaking up on defenseless people.”
“Ah,” said Astrid as she folded her arms at her chest, “you’re really no fun, are you? Some Warrior you’re turning out to be.”
“First of all, I did not ask to be a Warrior,” Ethen said, kicking Astrid’s feet out from underneath of her. “And secondly, you’re just as badly suited as a Healer.”
Astrid rolled her eyes as she flipped herself onto her feet. “Did you really have to bring that up? It’s not my fault everyone’s so damned determined to make my life miserable.”
“Ha! Miserable?” Ethen shot a puff of sand from his nose. “All you have to do is mix up a bunch of herbs, burn some sage, and call it a day. You’re not expected to actually kill anything or be expected to sail out to sea, of all things…”
Astrid nodded, knowing how much Ethen dreaded his approaching rite of passage for the mantle of Warrior. Each candidate would be assigned a monstrous desert beast and are then expected to deliver the dead creature back to the Grand Sage herself. The Great Desert had no short supply of savage creatures.
“You’ll be fine,” she said, twisting his arm around his back, placing him in a firm headlock. “You’re really not as bad as you think.”
“I’m not the one losing to a girl,” he said, strangled on his words.
Astrid laughed and slammed him onto his back in a single swing of her arm. “Enough whining! I have something important to tell you.”
Ethen signed as he stumbled to his feet. “Why do I have a feeling I’m not going to like this?” He winced as he rubbed the new bruises on his backside.
Astrid glared at him before continuing. “I finally have a plan to get the Council’s attention.”
“Oh, I’m definitely not liking this,” he said, a scowl forming on his tanned face. “The Grand Sage will exile you this time for sure.”
Astrid swung her fist at him, narrowly missing. “This time will be different. I’ll make her see that I’m worthy of being a Warrior.”
Ethen shook his head as he brushed the red sand from his blond, unruly hair. “Well, it sounds idiotic so far. But I have a feeling that I don’t really have a choice, do I?”
“Of course not,” she said, flinging her thick, red-dyed braids out of her face. “Just wait until you hear the plan.”


***


Lightening rattled the city walls, shaking chips of stone and abandoned bird nests from the parapets. Captain Dafoe had rallied the soldiers to their places on the wall, barking orders to be ready to fire their cannons and arrows on his word. He gripped his sword as he watched the sky. Sweat beaded on his brow. He could hear the scampering footsteps of Christophe as he ran back and forth from the armory, gathering bundles of steel arrows in his arms and distributing it to the eager soldiers.
The monstrous city loomed over the Ville de Nord, low enough to scrape the tiles from the tallest towers. On the underbelly of the giant rock that held the city was an inverted atrium of glowing blue glass. The outside of the atrium shimmered with hissing sparks.
“Set your sights to that, soldiers!” Captain Dafoe screamed over the crashes of thunder, pointing his long sword toward the atrium. 
Suddenly the glass sides slid open, allowing thick, oily smoke to pour out and sink down into the city.
“Fire!” Dafoe ducked down into an archway, not knowing what to expect from the demonic city. The whizzes of arrows and rumbles of cannons clouded the air. Bright plumes of orange erupted around the atrium. The younger soldiers cheered, some just from excitement of seeing their first real battle, while the grizzled ones waited anxiously for the smoke to clear. 
The haze cleared quickly from the storm’s fierce wind. The atrium remained untouched, black smoke still drifting from its core.
Captain Dafoe’s mouth was agape. He could see the atrium from where he crouched, its wicked black metal gleaming with a scratch. Dafoe quickly pulled himself to his feet. His chest burned with fear. “To the gatehouse!” He growled the order again, brandishing his sword above his head, swinging it like a banner. The soldiers dropped their weapons and clamored over one another, spilling through the gatehouse’s narrow entry. The black cloud was creeping along just above their heads and was almost within reach.
Dafoe flung himself from the stairway and tumbled onto the ground. He shook the dizziness from his head with one great shake and stumbled over to the gatehouse doorway. Soldiers scrambled over each other, punching and kicking their way to the door. At least twenty remained fighting for entry out in the courtyard.
The captain rammed his hulking armored body into the mass of soldiers, shoving them through the entrance. A few men popped through for each shove he gave. Most of the soldiers were panicked and resisted. Black smoke coiled around their faces. One soldier froze, a man named Jacque, letting the smoke snake its way down his throat. His face blanched and his eyes bulged. Black oil bubbled from his mouth as he fell over in a heap of unmoving flesh. 
Christophe pressed up against the wall, his mouth hung open in an empty scream. Another man vomited while another started to climb over the flailing group of soldiers stuck in the doorway.
Captain Dafoe kept pushing, harder this time, jabbing with the heavy metal hilt of his sword. Armor scrapped against the creaking door frame as soldier after soldier was forced through. 
Soon, those that remained were the few that sat frozen in fear. Dafoe grabbed each by the scruff of the neck and tossed them inside the shadowy gatehouse. His hand rested on Christophe but the lad’s grip on the castle stone was unmovable. Dafoe hadn’t realized how close the smoke had come to Christophe’s face. Their gaze met for a brief moment. The young boy’s eyes were glassy and wide with fear. Black oil trickled down his chin as his body convulsed, twisting out of the captain’s grip. 
Captain Dafoe barreled into the gatehouse, slamming the door tight behind him.
Chapter Two
Astrid flexed her hands in her worn leather gloves, testing their familiar grip. Ethen hovered over her shoulder, impatient as ever.
“We need to get going. We’re missing the trials!” He tugged at her robe, pleading like a beggar in the streets. His tattered hood was drawn so low over his face she could barely see his nose.
“I swear,” she said, batting him aside, “you’re worse than a bride on her wedding night.”
His expression soured as she pushed him aside.
The wide alleyway was filled to the brim with the nastiest and meanest of folk, coming from all corners of the coast to fight. The faces of hunched over goblins, hardy mountain dwarves and a few of their sea dwarve cousins, a troll or two, and a hoard of human peasants that had come to watch the brawling all flitted past Astrid as she picked her way to the Pit.
The Pit was an arena dug into the earth at the stubby end of the alley. It had a depth of twenty paces, enough to give you a hell of a time climbing out once the rope ladder was pulled back up. The ground was a square of fifty by fifty paces, plenty of room for a good fight but not ample space to escape without a scar worth bragging about, that is, if you escaped at all.
Opponents who made it past the trials fought to the death in the Pit, unless the crowd insisted that the two dueling warriors were at a tie. Due to the bloodlust of the human peasants, this almost never happened.
The trials were a way to make sure only experienced warriors faced such battle. The two individuals weren’t required to fight to the death, but were highly encouraged to beat the living hell out of each other as much as possible. The occasional death did occur, but the entertainment starved peasants saw this as a necessary evil.
In charge of all this mayhem was Fryx, a flamboyant sea dwarve who had made his fortune from the thrill of spilt blood. He sat on a throne of deep purple silk, high on a creaking wood podium, twirling a thin strand of blond hair in his chubby fingers. Fryx always had the final word in each battle. 
Astrid approached the gate. A blunt nosed High Goblin stood scrutinizing each entry coming before him with large, black eyes, and a scroll of thick parchment rolled out at his fingertips. She remembered someone calling his name earlier. Lyell, was it? His pale blue skin shone with sweat from the suffocating desert heat and his inky black hair was pulled in tight braids against his scalp. 
A fiery haired dwarve youth stood in line ahead of Astrid and Ethen, trying his best to keep his chest puffed out without fainting. He looked no older than Ethen, his wispy beard barely escaping his chin. 
The dwarve stepped up to the Lyell’s desk, exhibiting as much swagger and spunk as possible without toppling over from the weight of his axe. The High Goblin peered over his sharply turned up nose, squinting with disapproval. 
“You’ve got to be kidding me. Go back to your mother’s teat,” he said, exciting bellows of laughter from the burly giants crowded around him. The dwarve was splattered with bits of rotten vegetables from the tiers of peasants high up above. “NEXT!”
Astrid readjusted her leather sand mask to prevent Lyell from getting a good look at her face. Beauty of any kind, even in the slightest of forms, was often seen as a sign of weakness. Being both an Elf and a woman were already two strikes against her.
The High Goblin looked her up and down. Astrid held her breath. Breasts were a hard thing to hide.
Ethen hovered behind her like a gnat. She was beginning to wish she had come alone, but she knew he’d have none of it. 
“So, let me guess,” Lyell’s voice was thin and raspy, like sharpening a dull knife on a rough rock. “You’ve come here to prove yourself, have you?” Sharp yellow teeth peeked out behind his purple lips, making his leering grin even more menacing.
Ethen stepped forward, flourishing an extravagant bow. “Why, of course, my lord! What better way to be proven in battle than fighting in the Pit? And, might I add, what a better warrior than this fine man here!”
Lyell wheezed a cold laugh. “A fine man like this, eh?” 
Astrid stood, rigid as a statue. Ethen recoiled a bit, not knowing what to do.
“Alright then, let’s see how a fine a man this is. Go on, drop your trousers. Let’s see what you’ve got to be bragging about.”
The crowd roared, jeering and taunting the two to “Show ‘em the goods!”
Astrid and Ethen exchanged looks. Both broke into a run, eagerly melding back into the crowd, as Lyell’s ragged laughter biting at their heels. 


***


Anya sat perched on her mother’s throne, cold as the stone beneath her feet. She ran her pale fingers through her midnight hair, listening to the whines of the aristocracy.
“My Grace, we the nobles of Alainia feel that the city was not meant to be used in such a way. When we lose this war—”
“—If we lose this war,” she said, her voice pouring over them like deep ocean water, sending the blood rushing from their faces. “We will not let failure be a possibility. Do you have such little faith in my decisions as queen?” 
Lord Belios snapped his mouth shut, his eyes drifting from Anya’s icy gaze.
“May I remind you, all of you,” she said, her black eyes gazing into each of the cowering Lord and Lady’s faces, “that I am your ruler by birthright. You may think you are entitled to these blasphemous opinions, but let me assure you that such words uttered in my presence again will result in your death.”
The Phookan guards stirred at her side, itching for a chance to spill blood. They breathed heavy from within their white lacquered armor. 
Anya stood, spilling the red silk of her dress onto the white stone floor. “Now is the time for conquest. We have cowered from the world for far too long.” Her face softened into a frosty smile. “Trust in your queen.”
The crowd of nobility parted, bowing frantically, as she passed through to slip into the royal chambers. The heavy door slammed behind her, leaving her to breathe easy in the peaceful darkness.
“You’re getting quite good at that,” said Luthen, embracing her in the shadows, letting them melt together like the pooling of wax beneath a blazing candle.
“I have a good teacher,” she said, searching for his teasing lips. “Please tell me we can kill these fussy nobles soon!”
Luthen pulled back, torturing her with his closeness. “Ah, no, first you must do something for me,” he said. She could feel him smiling in the darkness. “And those fussy nobles are keeping your ancestors from crashing to the earth.”
“Fine,” she said, huffing like a child, “I’ll accept that, but must I always bargain for a kiss?”
Luthen took her hand and led her to the corridor. She knew where they were going before he reached the secret door hidden behind the fading tapestry of a forgotten autumn forest.
She followed him down the familiar spiraling stone steps into the belly of the palace. The blue warmth of the Anvalin peeked into the stairwell as they reached the bottom. They emerged into the large chamber. In its center was the Anvalin, a massive blue crystal suspended a short distance from the black iron floor. Tall windows lined the walls, exposing the darkened world that lay beneath Alainia.
“What is it you wish me to do?” Anya pulled up her red skirts away from the dusty floor. The old iron had a way of ruining the best of her silks.
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” he said, brushing her hair from her face. “I just need us to change our course. I have something in mind for the southern part of our realm.”
“Is that all?” She laughed a cold and hollow sound.  It echoed in the Anvalin’s iron cage. She stepped forward to the crystal, feeling the vibrations of its power in her chest. She closed her eyes and reached out her hand. Touching the Anvalin was like dipping her hand into hot water, though it was not quite to the point of being unbearable.
Immediately, the crystal came alive in her mind. She fought back its urging to communicate, dominating it to do her will. The Anvalin cowered and obeyed, shifting the city beneath their feet.
“Much better,” said Luthen, gazing out the window, admiring his own work.
“Where exactly are we headed?” Anya pulled herself away from the crystal, shaking off its unnatural warmth.
Luthen laughed, gathering her into his arms. “We’re off to better and grander places, my love,” he said, his breath tickling her neck. “Now come, we have much to do.”


***


Astrid sank to the ground inside a dark corner of a run down market stall. She tore her mask from her face and spat in the dirt.
“Well, that could have gone better,” said Ethen, kicking the litter on the splintering floor with his boot.
Astrid glared up at him, her smoky eyes as cold as the bottom of a well.
“Really? That’s the best thing you can come up with to say? It could have gone better? Maybe I should have stayed and pulled your trousers down instead!” She crushed her mask in her fist and turned her face away. If she looked at him any longer she was afraid she would to have to hit him right in the face, very, very hard.
Astrid could hear the jeering of the crowd. The trials were minutes away from starting, and here she sat, on her rump, cursing the clever eye of that pig-faced Lyell.
“Come on, Astrid, you’re never going to get in there. And even if you did, is it even worth it?”
Of course it’s worth it, she thought, glaring a hole into the market stall’s floor, too angry to speak. How else am I supposed to prove myself a Warrior?
Suddenly, in the midst of her fuming, an idea wafted into the midst of the storm clouds gathering in her mind. What if, she thought, what if…
“Ethen!”
Ethen dropped the clay pot he had been juggling between his hands. It shattered into a pile of red, flaky shards at his feet. “What did I do now?”
“I may know a way to get in the Pit,” she said, jumping to her feet and ruffling his hair inside the floppy hood.
“You’re mad! The only way into the Pit is through that horrid High Goblin. And even if you somehow manage to sneak through him, there’s a whole crowd of nasty folk there to squash you like a beetle.” He tugged his hood back down over his eyes, his thin-lipped frown still glowering at Astrid.
“You’re not seeing the big picture my brother,” she said, taking him by the arm and dragging him back into the street. She stopped at the mouth of the long, winding alley and pointed up at the jagged tiers of spectators.
“If I can’t get through them, I’m just going to have to drop in on them instead.”
The dusty hallway inside the building was littered with broken baskets and slumping men reeking of ale. It twisted like a jagged snake and wound back upon itself, up ladders and over slanted stairs, eventually leading Astrid and Ethen to the first doorway to the balconies. The ledges were packed with peasants smelling of piss and sweat, each screaming and jeering and cursing in anticipation of the spectacle about to take place below. Astrid squeezed into the crowd first, her eyes lowered and her mask fastened tight to her head. Ethen followed after. He kept drawing attention to himself, bumping into a snarling human, apologizing profusely and bowing as much as the cramped space would allow. This was perfect, though. He provided enough distraction for her to slip to the edge of the balcony unnoticed.
Beneath the lookout she could see the flamboyant dwarve, Fryx, rise from his cushioned throne. He raised his powdered white hands above his head as the crowd erupted into ferocious cheers. A layer of sweat was glazed over his face from the smoldering desert air. The alley that housed the arena hung heavy with the noonday heat. This was the only time of day when the sun peaked through the narrow gap between the rooftops.
“My friends,” he said, pausing to wait for the clamor of voices to die to a murmur. “We live in a place of death. Today, our crops may wither and die. Tomorrow, our families may do the same. The Pit was made to speed things up a little.” No matter how many times the grim faced humans heard this speech they still laughed at each appropriate moment and hung onto each word as if it were the last drop of ale in the world. “With each new moon, there is a new tournament, a new set of trials, and a new hero that will rise from the ashes of his competitors. We all know the rules. Those who fight must fight well. Those who fight well must conquer or die. After all, we are a people with literally nothing left to lose. Yet there is so much for us to gain.”
Three hunched over goblins, all waiting for Fryx’s cue, scrambled from their places and hauled large black sacks to the base of the podium. They opened the sacks and let the gold pieces skitter from the openings like blood spraying from a slit throat. Astrid tightened her grip on the balcony’s railing at the sight of so much gold in one place. No matter how many times she had snuck a peak at the fights in the Pit, the vast winnings always took her breath away.
“The prize is great for those who prove themselves worthy,” Fryx said, briefly twirling a strand of curly blond beard between his fingers. “My friends, are you ready to witness history written before our eyes?” He raised his arms once again to the tiers of blood thirsty peasants. Their voices cried out in one loud savage rumble in reply. “Are you ready to see blood?” The thunder of their screams shook the very dust of the earth. “Then let us begin!”
Down below the contestants were being led one at a time into the Pit. The first to go in was a warrior covered from head to toe in dented metal armor. He carried a long knotted spear which he raised above his head in response to the cheers of the crowd. It took a moment for Astrid to realize that he what he was wearing wasn’t real armor at all. His was covered from head to toe in pots and pans of various size, all lashed together with black leather ties. On his head was a lopsided cauldron with two uneven eye holes cut into its coal black belly. A bright red beard stuck out the bottom like a limp hanging flag of his dwarven heritage.
“Oh gods,” leered a nearby man missing the entire top row of his teeth. “Look what stumbled out of the kitchen!” The surrounding audience roared with laughter.
Astrid leaned over the twisted railing, trying to catch a glimpse at the other competitor. A squat shirtless man with leathered skin hobbled down into the rocky dirt arena. He had the slanted eyes of a sea dweller but it was obvious from the scars along his back that he had seen too much battle to be a mere merchant. Astrid guessed him to be a pirate, probably competing in the trials on a whim, or worse, because of a lost bet.
The pirate held duel cutlasses. Each had a jagged spike at the end of the handle, perfect for stabbing with one hand and slicing with the other. He paid little attention to the crowd, which caused them to quickly erupt into a chorus of boos and to shower down the spoiled bits of their lunches. A blackened hunk of cabbage hit him in the back of the head. He let it roll off his skull like a summer rain. Astrid couldn’t help but smile at his indifference.
The two competitors stood far apart, studying each other for any signs of weakness. The pirate spat into the dirt and began to pick at his blackened teeth with his long yellow fingernails. The dwarve roared and clanged at the cauldron on his head with his gnarled spear, trying to intimidate the sea dweller like a rabid dog chained in its master’s yard. With a grunt, the pirate spat again, only this time the yellow glob landed inches from the dwarve’s thick stubby boot. Astrid expected the dwarve to forfeit the trial by running the pirate through before the fight officially started. Instead, he stood clutching his spear in his rocky fist. The sounds of murmuring could be heard echoing from inside the cauldron.
A pale blue goblin with a nervous tick stood in attendance on the podium cowering next to Fryx’s cushioned seat. The sea dwarve waved his pudgy hand at the goblin, beckoning him to step forward. The goblin stumbled forward and raised a twisted black horn to his lips. He blew a sharp sour note until his lungs wheezed their last bits of air, making the wretched sound fizzle out like a damp match. Fryx took a small golden hour glass from his breast pocket and delicately sat the device sand side up onto a small wooden table cluttered with bowls of cheese and grapes and half empty wine goblets.
The dwarve charged at the pirate with his spear extended, ready to ram it through the little man’s abdomen. The pirate ducked and tumbled out of the way. He landed back on his feet as graceful as a cat. He glared at the dwarve over his crossed cutlasses, waiting patiently for the next charge.
It took some time for the dwarve to realize he had missed his mark. He finally turned and charged again at the pirate. This time the little man used his cutlasses to redirect the spear deep into the ground. The force of driving the spear into the dirt made the dwarve stumble forward onto his face. Yowling like an alley cat, the pirate sprang onto the dwarve’s back and slashed at the dented armor with his cutlasses. He moved so fast, the blades were a blur of glinting metal from where Astrid stood leaning over the edge of a faraway balcony. She debated jumping down and helping the pirate finish off the obnoxious dwarve. No, she thought as the crowd booed and hollered at the conquering sea dweller, there has to be a better moment. If I can gain the favor of the crowd, I’ve already won half the battle.
Suddenly the dwarve’s back bucked and flung the pirate off as like untamed stallion throwing its rider. The peasants exploded into cheers and vicious laughter. The man with the missing top row of teeth snorted and elbowed his companions in the ribs. “Well look at that,” he said. “Apparently our boy isn’t finished cooking up trouble after all!”
Astrid expected to see the dwarve’s back to be shredded and bloody. However when he rolled onto his feet the baking sheet armor fell from their cut tethers and crashed into the dust, revealing an unscathed canvas shirt underneath. Somehow the dwarve’s armor had been thick enough to spare him from the pirate’s savage blades. Not a single pinprick of blood could be seen on the milky cloth.
The pirate scrunched his brow in a deadly squint, clutching the cutlasses hard in his fists until veins bulged and snaked across his arms. This time he was the one to charge.
He drove the unsuspecting dwarve back into the dirt wall of the Pit, pinning him against the rocky bits of earth with his savage cutlasses like the horns of an angry beast. The dwarve, seeing that he was quickly running out of options, did the only thing left to do in his position. The dented cauldron crashed forward into the pirate’s face, loosening the sea dweller’s grip on the hilts long enough to stumble away from the dwarve. Blood spurted out of the little man’s nose. The crowd lost themselves in hysterics.
“Compliments of the chef,” said the half-toothless man, throwing a wink to a withered hag he had been eyeing between blows. Astrid felt her stomach sour at the thought of the two blowing kisses at one another while blood was being split below.
The dwarve stumbled forward, brandishing his spear and growling. Though the pirate was injured and weaponless he still had agility and speed on his side. The sea dweller dove between the dwarve’s stumpy legs and sprinted to where his cutlasses were left sticking out of the dirt like the buck teeth of a giant.
Right as the pirate plucked the blades out of the Pit’s wall the goblin attendant sounded the sour horn signaling the end of their trial. The two combatants froze in their steps, each desperately awaiting their judgment.
Fryx rose from the purple cushions and spread his arms, welcoming the hoots and yelps of the crowd. “My friends,” he said, a warm smile teasing his painted lips, “how have these two warriors faired? Who deserves to continue to glory? Is it our friend, the sea dweller?”
To Astrid’s surprise a good portion of the peasants yelled in favor of the pirate. Humans were always so unpredictable.
“Impressive,” said Fryx. “But what about this brave dwarve here?”
Again the crowd roared, equally as loud as before.
“Oh my. It appears we have a tie.”
“TIE BREAKER! BRING US A TIE BREAKER!” The half-toothless man screamed again and again until the crowd screamed along with him. The hag had scooted closer and was now whispering something scandalous into his sagging ear.
“Tie breaker is it? Bring out the tie breaker!” Fryx clapped his hand, snapping his attendants into action. Smooth blue faced goblins scattered from their posts. Murmurings from the crowd buzzed in Astrid’s ears, each person voicing their own opinions on what Fryx will have brought out this time. Bets were being placed and replaced. Astrid shook her head at the humans scrapping the bottoms of their pockets for spare change while their starving children tugged on their cloaks for a scrap of food.
Ethen poked his head over Astrid’s shoulder, his face split open in an enormous grin. If she hadn’t seen his cloak bobbing up in the crowd of the balcony a few seconds earlier he might have actually been able to sneak up on her.
“It’s about time you showed up,” said Astrid, trying her best to make space next to her along the cluttered ledge.
“It’s complete insanity up here, in case you haven’t noticed. I thought you would have made your debut by now,” he said, squeezing through to the splintered railing. “Have you changed your mind? I wouldn’t blame you if you had—”
“—No, I haven’t changed my mind.” She jabbed him hard in the side to make her point. “I’m just waiting for the right moment.”
“And just when will that be?”
Astrid’s answer was cut short by the sour noted horn. The Pit was divided into the actual arena and the entrance ledge where Fryx’s attendants stood flanking his towering podium. Behind them stands a fence made out of tall wooden spikes bleached to the color of old bones. In the middle is a curtain of thick black velvet, similar to a stage’s curtain. It was this curtain that everyone was staring so intensely at. A large bulge had formed against it, pushing through the black cloth, like a beast emerging from its evil womb. The giant head of a snarling troll slipped through and howled long and low, sending shivers down Astrid’s spine. Ethen gasped from beneath his hood. The curtains parted and a heavy collar could be seen encircling the troll’s thick neck. Nearly a thousand gasps followed from the crowd. Lyell appeared through the cloth, a rattling chain clutched in one hand and a roaring torch in the other. A group of goblins followed, edging the troll along with their own torches. Astrid could see Lyell smile as he watched the troll wince away from the flames.
“What are they doing? Are they crazy?” Ethen frantically tugged at his cloak as if it were about to fly off his back. “This is only a trial! A trial! What the hell are they thinking? No one’s supposed to actually die during a trial!”
“Quiet,” said Astrid with a hiss. He was right, she knew that, but she couldn’t think with him buzzing away like a bee in her ear.
The competitors seemed equally surprised as the rest of the crowd. They cowered before the troll, mere toys in the presence of a destructive child. While the dwarve’s expressions were a mystery, the pirate, however, didn’t even try to hide the look of ripening horror on his face.
Lyell released the chain from the troll’s collar and gave one final heave of the torch into the creature’s backside. The stony skinned troll toppled into the Pit, sending both dwarve and pirate scrambling to get away. The impact rumbled the arena and surrounding buildings like a star fallen from the heavens. Astrid clung to Ethen’s arm as the balcony swayed beneath their feet. A cloud of dust bloomed and rushed above their heads, encasing them in a dingy brown haze. On the tier across from Astrid a small girl slipped from between the railing and disappeared in the darkest part of the swirling storm below.
Astrid felt her heart stop dead in her chest as her eyes strained to see past the cloud of dust stirred up by the troll’s landing. She didn’t know how she had managed to catch sight of the girl falling, but Astrid was sure if she had seen her, someone else must have, too. Yet no one screamed for the lost child, or even called out for her. Her mother was most likely one of the humans throwing their money away on lost bets, if she had a mother at all.
The troll howled again, rumbling the arena like thunder. The smothered cry of a child drifted up through the dust.
With beady eyes blinking, the troll’s head peaked up out of the settling dust cloud. His back was to Astrid. She knew now was her time, more than ever.
“See you on the other side, brother,” she said, springing from one well-placed foot on the railing, arms spread wide, and a long, dangerous hunting knife in each hand. She could hear Ethen’s gasp echoing far behind her.
The force of colliding against the troll’s rock solid back shook Astrid to her core. She could feel the fleshy crunch of her blades sinking into the troll’s tree bark skin. The troll cried out and cranked its stocky neck over its slumping shoulder to see what was causing it so much pain. The dust had cleared enough for her to see the two warriors shielding themselves from the thrashing of the troll’s long tree trunk arms, swinging like limp maces in the hands of a drunken knight.
Astrid retracted her blades and dropped to the ground before the troll could catch sight of her. She lunged though the troll’s vein-etched legs and crouched in the blind spot beneath its enormous sunken chest. Thank the gods, thought Astrid as she danced back and forth to keep the troll’s vision obscured by its hulking girth, that this creature can’t see its feet.
Her eyes searched the arena for the fallen girl. She stood near the armored dwarve, her face hidden in her hands. Astrid, glad to see the girl uninjured, glanced over to the contending warriors to see if she were to gain any assistance in her fight. Each cowered in his own corner, yelping with each swing of the troll’s fists. She shook her head. These two, so used to dealing with foes their own size, could never survive a night alone in the desert. She smirked at their fear and thrust her daggers into the back of the troll’s right ankle, digging them across his protruding tendon and shredding it in two. Trolls, she thought, dodging the beast’s writhing body as it crashed into the dust, couldn’t they have gotten something a little more challenging? She had once snuck out to watch Warrior Vintas’s class hunt trolls. Though, the usual ways to fell the beasts were to set traps, however in a pinch slicing through the thin skin on their ankles always works best.
The dust plumed up over her head. She could hear the troll rasping and whimpering. In a way, she pitied it. She only hoped its master was merciful enough to put it out of its misery instead of releasing it back into the wilds of the desert where it would discover a much more cruel way of dying.
Astrid felt her way around the troll’s quivering mass toward the girl. From what she had seen, the child looked almost too young for words. Finding her mother in the crowd would be a near impossible task. That is if she had a mother. Astrid reached her hand out and brushed the child’s tear soaked face with her fingertips. The sound of the child’s breath caught in her throat at Astrid’s touch.
“It’s going to be alright. You’re safe now,” said Astrid, taking advantage of the child’s stillness to scoop her up in her arms. The girl didn’t protest and only buried her dirtied face into Astrid’s shoulder, hiding from the fierce world around her.
When the dust had cleared, Astrid stood with the girl in her arms on the stage behind Fryx’s satin throne. The myriad of guards that surrounded them jumped to their feet, all but a few well-trained ones still struggling to pull their swords from their sheaths.
She kneeled beside the startled dwarve, her face hard and eyes menacing.
“This child was spared today. The next may not.”
Astrid kneeled down and sat the child on her feet. She looked up at her, rubbing the grime from her eyes, and smiled.
“I have an offer for you,” said Fryx, stroking the yellow braids in his beard.
“Meet me at my villa in an hour. I assure you it will be well worth your time.”
Astrid scoffed and looked up the crowd. The audience was hushed with an uneasy silence. Dark eyes glared down at her while they hissed their disdain in each other’s ears. “She interrupted a trial, all for a child! And she didn’t even kill the beast, what kind of warrior is she! She has no respect for our ways, none at all.”
She turned away from the spiteful crowd back toward Fryx.
“I’ll be there.”

Chapter Three
Fryx’s villa was carved into a cliff just outside the city’s walls. The rumbling sea foamed up around its base and trickled down alongside a winding set of steps. The walls of the villa were smooth and windowless. Astrid stood staring up at the large gaping door before her, a twisting wordless mouth that beckoned her inside.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Ethen tugged at her sleeve. He eyed the ocean water with an anxious gaze. The thought of being out at sea terrified him.
“Do you want me to be honest?” She looked him in the eye, a faint smile tugging at her mouth. The stillness of his face alerted her of his seriousness. “Then no, I’m not. But when am I ever sure about anything?”
Astrid turned and sprinted her way up the rocky steps. She could hear Ethen sigh and scrape his boots against the weathered stairs trying to catch up. She knew he would follow her to the ends of the earth.
The door was made of driftwood and bound together with tendrils of thick shining silver. There was no handle or knob. Astrid ran her hands over the smooth bleached surface. Up close, the door looked as if it were made from twisting bone. She heaved against the door, first with her shoulder, then with her back. The wood barely creaked against her weight and refused to budge at all.
“Look at this!” Astrid’s head popped up from where it rested against the cool wooden surface to see what Ethen had found. In his hand he held a heavily braided tassel, entwined with glimmering red and gold silk rope.
“Well, don’t just show it off, pull it,” said Astrid, annoyed that she didn’t find it herself.
Ethen tugged the tassel down to his waist. The rope shot up out of his hand and retreated into a hole in the alcove above the head of the door. A deep clanging bellowed from inside the villa. The door shuddered and seemed to crack and splinter in its center. Suddenly, the middle gave way and came apart like the interlocked fingers of two hands.
“Welcome guests, to my humble abode.” Fryx’s voice echoed out from the massive hall Astrid could only catch glimpses of from where she stood. “Please, do come in.”
She glanced at Ethen. He was waiting for her lead, his eyes wide and nervous. Astrid nodded at him and strode inside. She sheathed her knives before anyone could see they had been drawn just a few moments before.
Astrid’s eyes traced the arabesque designs of silver that crept along the door and up the wall and winding together in a knot as if it were an unkempt vine. The plaster that covered the remainder of the ceiling was a vast mural of the sea, complete with mermaids with gold leafed hair and sea monsters with glittering ruby eyes.
Ethen stepped onto an iron grate, the sudden distance below his feet causing him to tense, ready for a fall. Astrid laughed at his uneasiness and peered through the iron bars. Deep inside the pit sat a shadowy creature with two long glinting horns. It huffed, sniffing the air with its snout.
“Haaaaa,” it said, rattling the chain around its neck, “I smell you, girl. A Phooka never forgets a smell like that.” It huffed at the air again, laughing at Astrid’s silence.
Ethen nudged her arm, mouthing the words let’s go! She nodded, following him through the remainder of the great hall and into a smaller chamber. The hollow laughter of the strange creature floated behind her, nipping at her heels.
The room was furnished with a flourish of silk pillows, most of which were large enough to use as a bed. Astrid kicked her way through the piles of cushions, searching for the most practical of the bunch.
Ethen had wandered over to a laden tea table and began scavenging and stuffing his mouth and pockets.
Astrid finally chose a plain rotund pillow the color of tree bark. She flopped down onto it and immediately sank deep into its fluff.
“Oh Gods, there isn’t a decent seat in this whole damn place!” Astrid rolled out of the pillow and sprang onto her feet, giving the portly nightmare a hefty kick. Ethen mumbled something through a mouthful of fruit, juice trickling down his chin and splattering onto the floor.
She began to pace, her mind uneasy with thoughts of that beast, the Phooka—why does it seem so familiar? And why does he find me familiar?
A gangly goblin stumbled in through the doorway, a squealing horn bleating at his lips.
Astrid winced at its sickening sound while Ethen spat mushed food from his mouth in surprise.
Fryx burst in soon after the goblin, now flaunting a deep red cloak with heavy gold fringe. Astrid had never seen so many clothes in one day.
“Greetings again. Good to see that you’re making yourselves at home—” Fryx’s beady eyes hardened at the crumbs and saliva congealing on Ethen’s face. He promptly pulled a black silk handkerchief from his billowing sleeve and shoved it into his guest’s hands.
“—sir, about your proposition,” Astrid paused while Fryx composed himself.
“Oh yes,” said Fryx, “but one more thing before we begin.” He turned to face the knock-kneed goblin. “Quibell, fetch the map.” The goblin dipped in a small bow and scurried out the door.
Quibell was only out for a moment before he came hobbling back in with a giant roll of wooden slats tied with a golden rope. He heaved it down onto the floral carpeted floor and unrolled it with a shove of his boot.
“There, just to the north of your tribe’s village, is a canyon hidden among the jagged cliffs,” said Fryx, pointing with a many ringed finger. “That is where you will find the creature I seek.”
Astrid studied the map, her face stern with thought. “What exactly is this creature you want us to capture?” Her life in the desert had taught her that some beasts were better left alone, no matter how much they were worth.
Fryx strained a smile, rubbing his plump hands together. “This is a creature unlike any that has ever been seen. He is half man, half phoenix. And utterly priceless.”
Astrid shot Ethen a concerned look. His face had blanched. They both knew hunting down such a thing would mean exile from their tribe.
“We cannot do it,” said Astrid, shaking her head. “Let’s go, Ethen. We’re wasting our time here.”
Fryx yelped and dashed in front of their path. “Wait! I need this creature!”
“Why? So you can put it on display? We have better things to do,” said Astrid, pushing the sea dwarve aside.
“Please!” Fryx trailed behind them, his voice desperate. “If I don’t find a phoenix, he’ll die!” He stopped, clasping his hand over his mouth.
Astrid halted and peered down at the broken dwarve. He knelt, crumpled on the floor, fighting back sobs. “Who will die?”
Fryx sighed and rose to his shaky feet. He beckoned for them to follow.  They wound down a narrow corridor to a small, dimly lit chamber. Though incense hung heavy in the air, the foul smell of decay forced Astrid to wince. Fryx lit a candle and brought it to the chamber’s bed. In it lay a creature with pale green skin and dull green eyes. Astrid guessed it to be a tree sprite, though she had only heard stories about the quiet forest folk. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he thrashed at Fryx’s candle light. His arms were black and mottled with rot. Astrid could see the rot continued down his torso.
“What’s wrong with him?” Ethen stood behind Astrid, his voice hushed as not to disturb the pained creature from his delirium.
“He has been poisoned,” said Fryx, “with sea viper venom.” He snuffed out his candle to ease the tree sprite’s suffering. Fryx dabbed at the sweat on his pale green skin, his face strained to keep the tears at bay. “The poison was meant for me.”
Fryx guided them back to the main hall without a word.
Astrid stood before the humbled sea dwarve, weighing her words carefully. “There was no need to lie to us,” she said, her voice calm.
Fryx nodded. “I see that now. You must understand that Alistair is my weakness. I have many enemies that would kill for a chance to cripple my grip on this city. If they were to find out, if they succeed in his death when they thirst for mine…” He closed his eyes, his mouth a small furrow in his yellow beard. “If he dies because of me, I fear I may follow him to the grave.”
Astrid glanced at Ethen. Ethen nodded, pity weighing heavy on his brow.
“We will do it,” she said, her hand outstretched. Fryx latched onto it, shaking it ferociously.
“Thank you, thank you! Praise to your names! I will give you anything for my Alistair to be well again. Gold, jewels—name your price and it will be yours.”
“Gold would be much appreciated,” said Ethen, rubbing his prickly chin.
Astrid nodded. Gold would do much to help their family. But it didn’t seem enough.
“Gold would suffice. However, I have one more request,” said Astrid.
“Anything! What do you desire?” Fryx’s eyes were desperate as he waited for her reply.
“The beast I saw as we walked through your great hall, I wish to know more about it,” she said, her arms folded against her chest.
“Ah,” said Fryx, “you wish to know about the Phooka. I will tell you all you wish to know when you return.”
Astrid opened her mouth to protest but thought better than to argue with a merchant. “We have ourselves a deal,” she said, bowing her head. Fryx snatched her hand and gave it a hearty shake.
“Yes, indeed we do! Thank you, yet again!”


***


 “Do we really have to go inside there?” Ethen kicked at his glider, folding the sail down with a sharp snap.
“Yes, we really do. Are you frightened? It’s just a canyon. What’s the worst that could happen?” Astrid hefted her glider underneath the cover of the gnarled underbrush. Cutting a strand from a streak of her clay-reddened hair, she tied it to a thorny branch. The hair flickered in the desert wind like a small flame.
Ethen grunted, sliding his glider next to Astrid’s. “Of course I’m frightened! You know as well as I do the kinds of things that live out in places like that. There’s nowhere safer than open sand, that’s what Ilsie always says,” he said, rubbing his hands together.
“Ilsie says a lot of things, Ethen. Like how I should be a good girl and learn the healing arts and not worry my head about fighting,” said Astrid. She spat in the dust, disgusted at the thought of being forced to live such a simple life. “No, we’re going in there. And when we come out, we will be worthy of the name Warrior.”
Ethen gave a weak grin, a ray of hope poking through his doubtful thoughts. “Oh, all right. After all, I suppose being ripped to pieces isn’t so bad.” Astrid cuffed him in the ear, putting him in motion. It was still a hefty walk to the mouth of the canyon.
They passed over jagged rocks and tangled brush, watching the cluttered ground for desert vipers. Rocks were a favorite hiding place for the smooth red snake.
After an hour of hobbling along the treacherous ground, they reached the gaping mouth of the canyon. Its sides rose up far above their heads, piercing the thick gauzy clouds that hung low in the sky.
Astrid didn’t notice any of the usual animal life that would inhabit a place like that. There were no rock lizards, no sand sparrows, not even a nest of storm crows. The belly of the canyon was still with the kind of silence that made Astrid clutch at her hunting knives with white-knuckled fists.
Astrid met Ethen’s worried gaze. She could tell he too could sense the unease. He slid his bow from over his shoulder and notched an arrow on its string. They positioned themselves back to back, each waiting for the silence to be broken.
Step by step, they crept further into the canyon. Astrid would lead then slowly revolve to the rear, letting Ethen take the lead. She remembered when Warrior Vintas taught the class this tactic, emphasizing how it allowed the company to keep fresh eyes on their surroundings. Tired eyes often played tricks on the warrior’s mind.
After what seemed like hours of their slow winding dance, they reached the end of the canyon. A large clearing stretched out before them, its walls curved and peppered with holes. The ground was littered with pale white stones. They stood out against the deep red sand, setting Astrid on edge. They crept closer to the middle of the clearing. Suddenly, Astrid realized why the white stones had seemed familiar. They were standing on bones, piles of white gleaming bones.
Ethen stumbled, choking on his words. “Are you seeing—”
“—They’re bones!” Astrid grabbed his wrist, ready to run, when a soft clacking and hissing froze her in place.
Only one monster made sounds like that. She had heard the warnings of the Great Sage to the young children by the fire. She thought they were nothing more than stories. After all, no one had seen a Slasher in years. Yet here was one dangling above their heads, venom dripping from its pinchers as its hundreds of legs wiggled in the air.
Astrid ducked her head as the Slasher lunged forward, digging her knife into its soft underbelly. Sickly green spewed from its wound, sizzling in the dust. The Slasher hissed and reared up to face its prey. It was nearly a head taller than Astrid.
Ethen loosed an arrow into the Slasher’s jaw, turning its pained squeal into a gurgle as its acidic blood fizzed from its throat. He let fly two more sturdy arrows, sending the beast toppling over. It rolled into a quivering ball, crooning in defeat.
“Let’s go!” Astrid barely spoke before a choir of hissing and clacking slid in all around them. Slasher’s crawled from their holes, their legs a flurry of movement as they rattled their thick black shells.
“This is suicide!” Ethen notched another arrow, unsure of which creature to hit first. “You better be thinking of a way to get us out of this!”
“Quiet, I’m thinking!” Ethen rolled his eyes at her response, unleashing arrow after arrow. Most bounced off the Slasher’s armor without even a nick. A couple arrows hit soft flesh but not enough to make a difference.
Astrid stepped back and stumbled on the writhing wounded Slasher. Suddenly, an idea sprang to mind. “Ethen!” She wedged her knifes under a large scale and pried it lose. The pale flesh underneath bulged with puffy black veins. “GET BACK!”
Ethen jumped behind her as she raked her blades across the Slasher’s exposed flesh. The veins burst open, spraying the approaching Slashers with a frenzy of green acid. Shrieks ripped through the air as the acid seeped into the cracks of their armor and devoured the flesh inside.
Suddenly, a deep rumble shook the bone-littered ground beneath their feet. A low hiss flooded the air from behind them. Astrid could see the giant Slasher’s shadow creep over their heads. She felt her blood run chill through her body. They had disturbed a Brood Mother.
Without thinking, she grabbed Ethen by the arm and threw him out of the Brood Mother’s way. She felt the pinchers lash around her waist and squeeze. Ribs popped and snapped as the air was forced from her lungs. The Brood Mother shook her limp body about and then tossed her aside.
Ethen ran to her side, his hands quaking as he dug into his near empty quiver.
“Run Ethen, run…” her voice wheezed from her gaping mouth.
Ethen reached for his last arrow and let it fly. It skidded off the towering Brood Mother like a fly. He let out a cry, falling to his knees. More hisses fluttered from all directions.
So this is what it’s like to die, thought Astrid as her vision dimmed.
Before her sight darkened, the hisses suddenly turned to shrieks. Bright red flames crept up around them. The warmth brought a smile to her quivering lips.
Then she saw him.
His skin burned fiery bronze. A crown of red and gold feathers flared out from his brow, making him look fierce as a hawk. The tips of his wings brushed against the flames as he stretched them wide.
Astrid could not turn away her eyes. He had the beauty and danger of a phoenix, however he was something entirely new. He wore nothing but a pair of tattered britches that were speckled with burns and haphazard patches. The razor talons on his feet dug into the sand as he walked toward her. He kneeled down and locked onto her fading gaze.
His eyes were red with ice blue piercing from their center. They burned with sadness.
He opened his mouth to speak, but she could not hear his words.
Astrid fell into the darkness, his face lingering in her dying mind.

Chapter Four
Luthen looked out over the approaching desert. He sneered, disgusted by the ugly landscape. Soon, he thought, I will be rid of this miserable island. Then it’s on to bigger and better things.
He hated Lythia, with its landscape overrun with humans, dwarves, and other riffraff. It was certainly nothing worth conquering.
But there were others worthy of his rule. Other people and other worlds. Other times… he had seen them. And Wilhelmina had the power to bring them to him.
Though Luthen had only been dead for a small amount of time, or at least it seemed small in Death’s realm, he had learned much. Seducing Wilhelmina had been the easy part. She was lonely and angry at Death, feeling she had been cheated into his service. It was simple to convince her that she should be ruling in Death’s place. She even agreed to allow Luthen to rule the worlds of the living. Together, we will unstoppable, he had said. Wilhelmina was held captive by his every word.
Luthen smiled, reveling in his wicked thoughts. What Wilhelmina did not know was that he planned to kill her as soon as her role was complete.


***


Astrid stirred from a deep, restless sleep. She felt the warmth of a nearby fire on her face. Her hands struggled against the weight of a heavy fur blanket. She pushed hard against it and raised herself up.
Her vision slowly fell into place. Fuzzy shapes snapped into focus. She was in a cool, dry cave. The small fire burned in its roughly hewn hearth, casting shadows on the red rocked wall. 
A shadow stirred from behind the fire. Astrid cowered from the movement, her hand fumbling for a weapon. Strong arms wrapped around her struggling body. She cried out, her voice exploding from her chest in a jumble of words and screams. 
“Shh! Silence, little one. No harm will come to you here.” His voice was warm and smooth like the rustle of desert sand.
She sank deeper into his arms, too weak to fight. She could feel the fever creep back over her clammy skin. The fire-lit cave blurred and slipped back into the darkness.
Astrid’s sleep was haunted by unfamiliar faces. They drifted through the inky black, their eyes hollow and their mouths full of sorrowful howls. She found herself falling past them. Her hands reached out to them and only grasped air. 
A bleak and rocky horizon reared up beneath her. It grew closer as she plummeted toward its broken maw. Her mouth hung open, caught up in a jagged scream. The force of her body slamming into the rocky ground sent her lunging from her bed of furs.
Dappled sunlight cascaded across her shaking body. She had never felt so fragile.
“I almost thought you’d never wake up.” Ethen greeted her with a wide smile, the worry fading from his gaze. “Luka healed you—it was amazing! But there was nothing much he could do about the fever besides waiting it out. I almost thought—”
“—Ethen! Stop rambling and help me up.” Astrid shot him a quick smile as she reached out for his hand. Ethen jumped to steady her as she pulled herself to her feet. The thick fur cover slid away leaving her shivering in her sweat-soaked under clothes. “Where are my things?”
“Oh!” Ethen scrambled across the cave to heap of clothes in a far corner. Astrid’s legs buckled, sending her swaying. She tilted toward the ground but was caught by a strong grasp. The dappled sunlight was suddenly blotted out. She turned her gaze toward the shadow. Pure yellow morning light danced around the silhouette’s outline. Feathers burned bright red around his face, framing it in soft flames. The blaze continued down from his head to his shoulders. From his shoulders, great wings hung unfurled in a fiery stance.
“Luka! Look, she’s awake,” said Ethen as he hurried over to Astrid, his arms full of ratty desert garb. “Do you need help with these?”
Astrid tore her eyes off Luka and glared at Ethen. “I can dress myself, thank you.” She pulled away from Luka’s grasp and snatched the bundle of clothes from Ethen’s arms. The room swirled around her head as she wiggled into her britches and buckled her jacket. 
“Maybe you should sit down,” said Luka, his hand reaching out to steady her.
Astrid shrank away from his touch. “I’m fine. Really,” she said, lowering herself to the rumpled bed of furs. Astrid narrowed her focus to the task of pulling on her boots. The last thing I need is for these two to baby me. 
“Ethen, have you told him?” She looked up from her boots, her hands resting on the buckles. Her eyes darted to Luka, his fiery face unreadable. 
“I didn’t think it was important—”
“—Of course it is! Why didn’t you tell him?” 
Ethen’s face turned sour. “I thought you were dying. It didn’t exactly seem like a good time to bring it up!”
Luka cleared his throat, drawing their attention to him. “Pardon the interruption, but what the hell are you talking about?” 
Astrid glared at Ethen as she gathered herself to stand. Though her feet were uneasy, she rooted them firmly against the rocky ground. She puffed herself up, trying her best to appear fierce. “We’re taking you back to Limra,” she said, her voice firm as stone. “Now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way, it’s up to you.”
Luka flared his wings as he burst into a fit of laughter. “Oh, please, I’d prefer the hard way,” he said, shaking between laughs.
Astrid’s chest sank while her face reddened with rage. She shot Ethen a hard look to silence his own wayward giggles. He looked away quickly, muffling his disobedient mouth in a trembling hand.
“Look, I’m serious. You’re needed in Limra. It’s urgent.” Astrid looked hard into Luka’s eyes, searching for any part of him she could reach.
He stifled his laughter and drew his wings closed. Sunlight poured in from behind him, glinting on his ruby feathers. “There’s nothing left for me there,” he said, his voice strained. “I left that place long ago. I don’t plan on ever returning. It seems as if your journey here has been wasted.”
“No!” Astrid grabbed at his arm as he turned away. His eyes snapped to hers. They were full of hurt and a hint of something darker. “Listen, I’m sorry. I haven’t even thanked you for saving us… for saving me,” she said. His skin was warm and soft in her hand. “I know you’ve been here a long time, hiding from the world. You have a great gift. You don’t need to hide anymore.”
She could feel Luka staring deep into her as he weighed her words. “I will leave, but only for you.” His eyes tore themselves from her gaze and lingered on the dying fire.
Astrid nodded, perplexed by his sudden agreement. “We will leave soon. It’ll take the greater part of the day to ride back.”
“You’re not possibly thinking about riding a glider all the way to Limra, do you?” Luka’s brow furrowed as he crossed his arms over his broad chest. “You can barely stand, let alone stay upright speeding across the desert.”
“He’s right, you know,” said Ethen as he fastened his jacket shut.
“Well, what do you suggest I do?” Astrid glare traveled from Ethen back to Luka. 
Luka shrugged his shoulders and unfurled his wings. “How about this?” He grabbed Astrid and gathered her up into his arms. “I’ll drop Ethen off by the gliders and follow him the rest of the way,” he said, allowing Ethen to grab onto his arm. Luka cast Astrid a sly look as he strode to the mouth of the cave. “You might want to hold on tighter than that.”
Astrid opened her mouth to curse him but the word ripped from her lips. Her stomach jolted to her throat as Luka dove from his cave and out into the cannon. Well, she thought as the world sped by her, I may not be able to give him a piece of my mind, but at least I might vomit all over the bastard.


***


The journey back to Limra only took half the time of traveling by glider. Astrid would have been impressed if the fast-moving world didn’t make her queasy. Ethen, on the other hand, had enjoyed himself quite thoroughly. To help him keep up, Luka had pulled Ethen’s glider along by a rope tied around his waist. However, Astrid was relieved to find that Ethen had taken the time to break down her glider and lash it to his own.
Astrid stumbled to the ground when finally released from Luka’s embrace. He seemed reluctant to let her go so soon. During the journey, she had noticed him catching glimpses at her. Each time she would peer through her wind-battered hair, he would turn his gaze away.
Fryx’s villa was in sight. Astrid heaved a heavy sigh as she smoothed down her unkempt hair. Her dark braids intermingled with her reddened braids, leaving the rest to hang in a defiant clump. With a growl, she scooped her mass of hair up and wound a ragged bit of twine around it.
Astrid barely took her first step toward the villa when the great door unwove its battered branches and slithered open. Fryx burst from the gaping doorway, his sour-faced goblin company in tow.
“Ah! What a delight it is to see you! We must hurry! I’m afraid there’s little time to waste!” Fryx was in a fit of disarray. Astrid could hardly recognize the dwarve from his former composed self. His eyes were red and his beard matted. Even the goblins looked several shades paler than before. Quibell, however, was not among them.
Astrid beckoned Luka to follow. He nodded, keeping his eyes low. “Lead the way, Fryx.”
The crowd poured into the great hall of the villa and dispersed. Fryx led Astrid, Ethen, and Luka to the door. The dwarve tapped his knuckles lightly on its surface. Quibell emerged from the darkened room and motioned for them to enter. Fryx glanced at Astrid. “Only him,” he said. His brow lay heavy on his weary face.
Ethen opened his mouth to protest but snapped it shut from Astrid’s quick jab to his ribs. “I understand,” she said, “we will wait out here.” Healing is a delicate task. 
Fryx shook his head and glanced at Luka. Luka folded his wings behind his back and ducked through the door. Fryx followed, allowing Quibell to slip out into the hall and ease the door shut. The goblin folded his spindly arms against his barrel chest, a grimace spread across his dusky blue face.
Astrid took Ethen by the arm and led him back to the main hall. There was no use waiting in the presence of bad company.
Once out of ear shot, Astrid spoke in a rushed whisper. “Do you think Luka will actually be able to heal him?”
“Of course he will. He healed you, didn’t he? He stayed by your side the entire time!” Ethen threw himself onto a large, overstuffed lounge and propped his feet up on a shimmering blue stool. Flakes of reddened mud dotted the blue as he settled his boots into the plush cushion. 
“Excuse me, but I don’t exactly remember a lot of what happened,” said Astrid, doing little to hide her scowl of disapproval as she kicked Ethen’s feet from the stool. “I say it’s all a load of troll shit.”
“You really don’t believe he did it, do you?” Ethen’s tone was tense. She knew she had struck a nerve. “You’d be dead two whole days now if it wasn’t for him. I’d be reciting prayers for you right now. Maybe even building your pyre if there was anything left of you to burn.”
“You really take everything far too seriously,” she said. Though her demeanor was calm, she was just as tightly strung. She had faced Death and found herself solely unprepared.
“And you need to grow up before you actually do get yourself killed.” Ethen’s words hung heavy overhead. Hearing them hit her hard, but not enough so as to break her façade.
“Save the lecture for another day,” Astrid said through a forced grin. “I have business to attend to.” The still iron grate had lingered on her mind since entering the villa. It was due time to put her mind at ease.
Astrid sauntered over the grate and peered inside. The beast sat against the stone wall as if he were one with its frosty texture.
“You’re not seriously thinking about going down there?” Ethen sprang to his feet, knocking over the muddied stool.
Astrid ignored him, her mind set on the task at hand. She laced her fingers through the grate and yanked it free. The iron squealed on its hinges, sending shivers down her spine. A silver rope sat coiled on a spindle near the top. Astrid cranked the spindle enough to expose enough of the rope ladder to reach the bottom of the oubliette. 
“Wait here,” she said to Ethen without taking her eyes off the Phooka. Though she could feel his heated glare at her back, he remained silent.
Astrid slipped inside and onto the ladder. She took one last look at Ethen. His wild sandy blond hair hung over his stormy green eyes. He was doing his best to contain his anger, much like he had always done, even as a child. It pained her that she was always the cause of his hidden rage. 
Astrid ducked her head inside, out of sight. Rung by rung, she descended further into the gaping darkness.
She reached the bottom within moments. She sucked her breath hard in through her clenched teeth as her eyes struggled to adjust to the shadow. Her steady hands slid her hunting knives from their hilts in one fluid motion.
“So you’ve come to slay the beast?”
Though the Phooka spoke, he did not stir. Astrid could see the glint of a chain around his neck. Its presence settled her fluttering heart but not enough to lower her guard. 
“It depends,” she said, keeping her voice level. “Is this beast in need of slaying?”
The Phooka croaked a raspy laugh. Astrid’s eyes could now pick out the mottled blindfold beneath his yellowed horns. Black fur, matted and bloodied, covered him from head to hoof. Yellow teeth flashed their jagged edges as he bellowed with dusty laughter.
“Elves always think they’re so clever, that they’re above everyone, even monsters like me. But let me tell you this, little girl,” the Phooka’s voice dimmed to a rattling whisper. “Your kind are the worst monsters of all.” His hand ripped the blindfold from his brow, revealing eyes of pure darkness rimmed with Hellfire. The blaze burned bright around the darkness, creeping across the Phooka’s flesh. “You’ve run out of places to hide. He’s coming for you, girl!” The fire burned deep within his skull and sparked into his chest. He howled, sending Astrid crashing to her knees. “HE IS COMING!”


***


Luthen roared from his restless meditation, bolting from his perch at the open window. Pain seared into his skull while images of a young girl burned in his mind. The howls twisted into laughter when he finally recognized her frightened face.
Anya sat upright and rigid. Her face was blank as fresh snow, almost as if being shaken from her unconscious state was a common occurrence. How he loved her predictability. 
“Oh, silly lamb,” he said, speaking to the wide-eyed face in his head. “This is only the beginning of your nightmares.”
Luthen shook her face from his head. Her presence still lingered, bringing a smile to his lips. “Anya, my darling, we have work to do,” he said, running his hands through his thick raven hair. She nodded and slipped from the bed, her footsteps a hush of silk from her flowing nightgown. “I’m afraid we have one last stop to make in Lythia.”


***


A gnarled, old woman crouched on her hands and knees, scrubbing the white stone until it gleamed like moonlight. She caught a glimmer of her reflection and shrunk away. Her heart faltered at the sight of the stranger’s face she bore. The young girl Amaeya once knew was long dead and in her place was a tattered old crone.
“Hurry, my love. We haven’t a moment to lose!” Luthen’s footsteps crashed through her nighttime labors. She managed to yank the bucket from his path with seconds to spare.
“I do wish you would tell me why you’ve dragged me out of bed,” said Anya as she drifted through the empty hall. She picked her way around Amaeya, careful to keep her gown free of the damp stone.
“Now darling, it wouldn’t be much of a surprise if I told you all my secrets.” Luthen’s voice floated through the hall behind him, chilling Amaeya’s blood. The smaller she made herself the better.
“At least give me a hint,” said Amaeya as they turned off the main hall.
Luthen stopped her at the corner of the halls and swept her into his arms. “Let’s just say,” he said, his eyes searching the darkness of the corridor, “that I have found a missing piece of you.” His black eyes locked onto Amaeya’s. Her heart fumbled its beating as her breath was swept from her lungs. She had cowered from that gaze since their first encounter all those years ago. Luthen had tortured her for weeks, asking the same questions over and over—where is she? Where is the girl? The process had left Amaeya a withered husk, serving no more purpose than to polish the white stone beneath his feet. 
His mouth moved in silent words only meant for her.
I KNOW YOUR SECRET.


***


“FOOLISH GIRL!” Quibell’s voice screeched from far above, ripping Astrid from her frozen terror. She fumbled up the silvery ladder, right into the wiry blue arms of an angry goblin. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done? That beast reeked of foul magic!”
Astrid shoved the goblin away. “But Fryx said—”
“Fryx promises many things, much that are not his to promise!” Quibell spat at the open prison door in disgust. “That scoundrel was found wandering outside the villa. He put down three good goblins before he was subdued.” He stopped suddenly, his face wincing as he sniffed the air. “That same taint seems to have followed you out,” he said, sniffing at her. Astrid slapped his face away, having had enough.
“I don’t know what the hell that was down there, but it’s dead,” said Astrid through clenched teeth. “I believe my business is done here.”
“I’m not leaving Luka here,” said Ethen, his voice an uneasy calm.
Astrid shot him a pained look. He hid his eyes from her, his face dark and unreadable.
She nodded, trying hard to keep her face blank. In all their years, they had never had such bitterness between them. Perhaps space is what we need.
Astrid pushed past the sour-faced goblin and ran for the door. She kept running until she found herself swept up in the swarming market of Limra. Here, a person could disappear faster than if they wandered out into the bleakest part of the desert.
She meandered past the bellowing merchants and flowing crowds until she reached the highest part of the city. Here, you could see far out across the desert on one side and far across the sea on the other. Astrid smirked at how ironically similar to the two were, both just as unforgiving and bleak as the other yet still strangely beautiful.
The sun had started to set, casting the sea into a pit of sunlit fire. The people of Limra—the elven merchants, the sun-kissed sea dwarves, the pinched faced High Goblins, the barefoot and bleak-faced humans—all paused a moment to soak in the surrounding sight.
Astrid sat perched on a crumbling wall, positioning herself to see both sides of the city. It was the first moment she had a lone since what happened in the canyon. Her hand instinctively reached for her ribs, leaving her cringing at her invisible wounds. How close had I really been to death? The fear circling that thought left her paralyzed. She could feel her own mortality creeping out from the darkest parts of her mind.
A small tug at her sleeve snapped her back to the present. “ ‘Cuse me, miss,” said a small voice. Astrid looked down at the small child at her arm. It was the same girl from the Pit.
Astrid opened her mouth to speak but could not find the words. The young girl’s face was spotted with bruises, but she was very much alive. An older boy stood behind her. Both were dirty from the streets and clothed in rags.
“I din’t mean to bother you, miss, but my sister, well… you saved her, and I din’t have nothin’ to pay you back ‘cept maybe this and I—” the boy stopped short and nudged the girl toward Astrid. A little hand held up a delicate purple blossom. “This is for you.”
The small girl edged closer, offering the flower. Astrid, speechless, let the child place it in her open hand.
Flowers were a rare commodity in Limra. There was no telling what the children had to do to get their hands on the precious blossom. She winced at the thought of one of them risking the loss of a hand if they had gotten caught stealing it.
Without warning, the girl crawled up into Astrid’s lap and threw her arms around her. She snuggled her face into Astrid’s chest. Astrid, completely off her guard, gave the child a small pat.
“I’m so sorry, miss,” said the boy as he tried to pry his sister off Astrid. “I know it don’t seem like it, but she’s been talking about you nonstop. You’re a sort of hero to her—well, to us all.”
“All?” Astrid looked up to see several smudged and murky faces poking around from behind the weathered stone. They emerged one by one, each with a small beautiful flower in their hand. They scurried to where she sat and placed the blooms gently at her feet. Astrid stared wide-eyed at the scene. I’ve surely lost my mind.
The little girl looked up at Astrid, her soft brown eyes wet with tears. Astrid could feel her throat tighten. So much had happened, to them both. Both had cheated death and now both were seeking how to carry on with life.
A quaking rumble of thunder sent the children scattering into the growing darkness. Astrid glanced up at the sky toward the desert. A bruised storm cloud gathered in the distance. Lightening danced around its edges, lighting up the blackening sky. Biting wind scattered the precious blossoms into the shadows of the city.
The girl lingered, clinging to Astrid.
“We need to go!” Her brother clutched at her and heaved her up. He gave Astrid a quick nod and disappeared into the night.
Astrid looked down at her crumpled flower. She tucked it carefully inside the fold of her jacket and turned her gaze toward the approaching storm.
The wicked clouds made her long for the safety of home. Ilsie would be worried out of her mind by now. Having no children of her own, Astrid and Ethen was all she had. It was a fact that Ilsie never let them forget.
The wind howled at her back as she hurried through the abandoned city streets. Windows were lashed shut and the doors were bolted. Limra had survived many storms from the sea, but all could feel that the approaching wrath was different, darker. The taint settled in the bones with the ache of a cold, hopeless fate.
Astrid could feel it with each step. Evil was coming—it hovered overhead and hung heavy in the air. It was coming, and she couldn’t help but feel it was coming for her.

Chapter Five
“He’s lucky we got here when we did,” said Luka as he washed his agile hands in a large jeweled basin. He looked up when Fryx didn’t answer. “He’s not going to die. Not anytime soon. He just needs rest.”
Fryx nodded as he ran his fingers through his rumpled beard. “Yes, of course. I apologize. I’m not myself at all. My poor Alistair… he’ll be furious about his leg.”
Luka dried his hands and tossed the towel over the basin’s side. “It was either his leg or his life. The rot had set in so deep he’s lucky I was able to do anything at all. I’m afraid Fae flesh doesn’t heal the same as a dwarve or an elf.”
Fryx sighed and shook his head. “Yes, I suppose so,” he said, his voice weary. “I am indebted to you. Anything you wish, name it and it will be yours.”
Luka smiled at the ragged dwarve. “A hot meal would be nice, and maybe a soft bed…”
The sea dwarve’s mouth hung agape. “You do realize that you could be rich! You would never want for anything again. Surely there’s something you desire!”
Luka stretched his arms out in a great yawn and folded his wings behind his back. “I’ve been cooped up in a cave for the past twelve years, eating whatever beast happened to scurry near enough to capture. I desire no more than a full belly and a good night’s sleep. I have no use for gold or jewels. They cannot buy what I truly desire.”
“And what is that?” Fryx’s sapphire blue eyes glinted in the flickering candle light.
“To be left alone,” said Luka, turning his gaze away from his eager host. “I mean no offense to you, but I have had my fill of this world.”
“I understand greater than you know,” said Fryx as he led him to the door. “The world is full of cruelty and wickedness. I assure you, though, you will find none here. I’d like you to think of this as a place of safety. You’re welcome here as long as you wish to stay.”
Luka followed Fryx out into the hall. The dwarve whispered an order to a nearby goblin. The goblin nodded and bustled into Alistair’s room. Quibell emerged from an adjoining hall, taking the place of the previous goblin, and bobbed a small bow before Fryx.
“My lord, I—”
“—Later, Quibell. Please show our guest to his room and fetch him something hot to eat,” said Fryx, dismissing the goblin with a wave of his ring-clad hand.
“But my lord, there’s—” A loud crash of thunder tore through Quibell’s words, sending the goblin’s knees knocking together with fear.
Ethen skidded into the hall, his face pale as sea foam. A small trickle of red crept down the side of his brow. “The storm’s getting worse and Astrid’s been gone far too long,” he said between heaving breaths. “I just got back from my village and no one has seen her there. The wind nearly tore me apart! My damn glider got smashed into the rocks…”
Luka hissed a curse under his breath. “Why would she leave? She should have known better! She’s still weak. If she’s caught out there, she’s as good as dead.” He unfurled his wings in a furious shake and headed toward the villa’s entrance.
“Wait!” Ethen dashed after him, followed by Fryx and Quibell. “You’ll be swept out to sea if you try flying in that! Trust me—the wind’s only got death on its mind.”
Luka’s brow darkened as he weighed Ethen’s words. The howling storm echoed throughout the silenced villa as he contemplated his fate. 
“How do you know she’s even out there? She could just as well be safely stowed away in Limra,” said Fryx, laying a comforting hand on Ethen’s quivering shoulder. Ethen jerked away and towered over the sea dwarve.
“Astrid would never seek shelter in a strange place, not if it could be helped. She would have headed for home. Or at least here…” Ethen’s voice dwindled, his energy spent. He kicked at a low silken sofa before crashing down into it, his head buried in his hands. After a pause, he turned his gaze upward toward Luka. “You’re the only one strong enough to find her. Please… help me.”
I should have never left my cave, Luka thought as his eyes scanned the walls of the villa for something useful. Ah, that’ll do. He reached for a vast jeweled shield and ripped it from its fixture on the wall. He winced at the sound of Fryx gasping. “Sorry about that,” said Luka, his eyes low. He hefted the shield onto his forearm and tested its weight. It was sturdy and surely would withstand any debris the storm would toss his way.
Luka charged out the villa’s doorway before another word was uttered.


***


Fatigue had driven Astrid into the ground, too weak to stand. She couldn’t remember ever feeling such strain to take a step, let alone walk. The wind roared overhead as she buried her face in her arms. Rain pelted her from above. Flashes of lightning lit up the flesh of her closed eyes. Thunder shook the world around her with a fury she had never imagined possible.
Astrid lay bowed down against the storm, the rain beating her further into a muddy grave. No, she thought, snaking a shaky arm out before her, I’ll not die like this. I’ve cheated Death before, I’ll do it again.
She spat the dusty rain water from her gaping mouth and started to crawl her way to safety. One labored claw after another, she pulled herself across the storm-ravaged earth. Her breaths were ragged and came in great gasps. She feared stopping, knowing that she would not have to strength to keep moving.
Lighting flashed about her with blast of white light. A face from a distant past flooded her vision— an elf with troubled blue eyes and wild blond hair. His stare jarred her, chilling her heart with fear. The lightening gave a second flash, revealing a much more familiar face. Luka blinked at her through the rain, his phoenix face easing into a smile.
Astrid could feel her body relax from its state of panic. “It’s about damn time you showed up,” she said, latching onto his outstretched hand. “I was beginning to think you finally got tired of rescuing me.”
He laughed, plucking her from the mud. “I figured I may have to have the favor returned someday. It’s helpful if the indebted individual is alive, though.”
Luka sheltered Astrid beneath a large golden shield. She watched as the heavy droplets fell helpless of its jeweled surface. “That’s a nice shield. Did you rob a tomb on the way here?”
Luka smirked as he cast Astrid an irritated gaze. “Perhaps I would have if I had the time. Unfortunately, I was preoccupied looking for your sorry self. I’ve been out here at least an hour, if not more. I’ll be lucky if my feathers ever dry out.”
Astrid’s pale face tugged at a smile. “You sound like a sorry old hen.” She could feel her strength returning with each step. She didn’t know if it was his presence alone or some kind of effect of his powers. Astrid felt herself drawn to his warmth. She laid her head against his chest, feeling safe for the first time in a long time.
Astrid looked up into his eyes. They were deep blue and filled with a dark sadness. The words left her mouth without a thought. “What happened to you?”
Gusts of wind swirled around them while thunder continued its chorus of quaking rumbles. Luka stood still, staring back into Astrid’s eyes. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words refused to budge. A bolt of lightning pounded into ground near them, sending them crashing back into the mud.
“We have to go! It isn’t safe here—” Luka was cut off by another fist of blazing lightning crashing into the nearby earth. He cast away the shield, grabbed Astrid and cradled her in his massive arms. The motion knocked the breath from her lungs and sent her head spinning. Luka broke into a run, pommeling over slick rocks and through violent rivers of mud. Crashes of lightning chased behind him, biting at his ankles.
Luka slid into Fryx’s villa, spilling out onto the polished sandstone floor. Astrid toppled out his arms only to be swept up by Ethen.
“Astrid! Are you okay? I went out to look for you but—”
“—I’m fine, really,” she said, pulling herself free. She looked at him. A trickle of blood hung on his brow and his sea green eyes were frantic. “You’ve looked better. Have you had that looked at?”
Ethen touched his brow and looked down at the red on his fingertips. “Oh, that—it’s fine, it’s just a scratch…” His face blanched at the sight of blood. “I may need to sit down.”
Astrid eased him onto a silky stool. “Some warrior you are.”
“At least I haven’t gotten myself killed,” he said, regretting his words. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to bring that up.”
“Ethen,” she said, digging through the pockets of her jacket, “really, it’s fine.” She cast him a look that read leave it alone. “Ah, here it is.” She pulled the blood weed from an inside pocket and rubbed it into the gash on Ethen’s head.
“Damn, that stings!” Ethen shot her a dark glare. She could see the hidden smile teasing his lips. “Some healer you are.”
Luka placed a hand on her shoulder. “Astrid… Fryx wishes to speak to you.” Quibell stood at his side, his normally smug blue face somber.
Astrid nodded, unsure of what to expect. Had the Phooka’s death upset him? Did Alistair not make it—surely Luka was able to heal him. She swallowed hard and followed the stern-faced goblin down a darkened side hall. He led her to a drift wood door. It was a smaller version of the one at the entrance of the villa. Quibell stroked the outside with his spindly-fingered hand. The drift wood snaked apart and opened.
“This way, idiot,” Quibell said, his voice harsh. Astrid rested her hands on her blades, weary of what lay on the other side of the doorway.
“Please,” she said, “ugliness before stupidity.”
The goblin grunted and shot into the shadowy room. “I’ve brought the girl, my Lord.”
“Yes, of course,” said Fryx. He sat with his short legs kicked up at a dark wooden desk. A wide candle burned deep inside cream-colored wax on the desk, casting long shadows on the wall. A familiar goblin sat beside the desk, his eyes squinted into an icy glare. “Come in, Astrid. Have a seat. We have much to discuss.”
Astrid slipped onto a nearby stool, her hands never leaving her blades.
“Lyell here has come on behalf of the governor of Limra requesting our assistance,” said Fryx, stroking his beard. “The storm outside seems to have something sinister controlling it. This presence has asked for an ambassador from Limra to discuss conditions of surrender.”
“That’s where you two come in,” said Lyell, his shriveled mouth twisting into a grin.
Fryx rolled his eyes and sighed. “Yes, I’m afraid we have no choice in the matter.”
“No choice?” Astrid shot up from her seat, sending it skittering across the cool sandstone. “This is really none of my business. I’m no diplomat. And I’m certainly no pawn.”
Fryx raised his gaze to meet Astrid’s. “I’m not giving you a choice. From what I hear, you’re in my debt. Or do you care to pay for the loss of my Phooka,” he said, wrath edging into his voice. “No? The decision has been made. Luka has agreed to accompany us—”
“—he what? That steaming pile of troll—”
“—I suggest you prepare for our departure in the morning,” Fryx said, cutting off Astrid’s tirade. “I have appropriate clothes and weapons waiting for you. Quibell will show you to your room.” The dwarve snapped his stubby fingers. Astrid found herself being swept away from the room by a snickering goblin.
“Idiot girl,” he said, dragging her down the hall. He threw open a door and shoved her inside into a group of bickering goblinesses.
“Ack! Look at this hair!”
“So full of mud! Even her eyes are made of mud!”
“These damned nomads! Such foul creatures—”
“—Quick! To the tub before she gets free!”
Astrid was submerged into a bubbling Hell. Suds rushed up her nose and stung in her lungs. She gargled curses at the cluster of wiry blue arms that tore at her clothes and hair. Hard bristles scraped her naked skin and water poured in from all directions.
She saw a gap in their assault and dove for the door. The goblinesses shrieked as they snapped at her heels, shaking brushes and cakes of soap above their heads.
Astrid grabbed a sapphire-encrusted triton from the wall and barred the door. The goblinesses pounded on the delicate wood. It was only a matter of moments before they clawed their way through.
Frantic, she ripped a red satin table cloth from a nearby table and tied it around her naked body. There has to be somewhere to hide, anywhere. She went from door to door, but was met with the resistance of a sturdy lock. After trying many, finally one gave way. She pushed her way through the door and shut it tight.
Astrid sat crouched on the other side of the door with her ear to the wood, waiting for the approaching mob of angry goblinesses. Her hand reached out behind her, searching for a weapon. If she couldn’t outrun them maybe she could subdue them.
“You seem to be missing some clothes.”
She whirled around to see Luka smirking over her. “You really don’t need to repay me like this,” he said, pulling up the table cloth to her neck. “I’m not that kind of elf.”
“You don’t think I’m here for—really? You are dense,” said Astrid, pressing her ear back against the door.
Luka yanked her from the door’s surface. “Why else would you be here? Like that? Makes sense to me…”
“Do I look like a common whore to you?”
Luka opened his mouth to respond.
“Don’t answer that—” Astrid slapped a hand over his mouth and listened hard. She could hear the goblinesses growling right outside the door. A sharp knock jarred her head from the door. Her felt the blood draining from her face as she scanned the room for a place to hide.
Luka rolled his eyes and pushed her aside. He reached for the door’s handle and pulled it open. “May I help you?”
“Yes, my Lord, I was wondering if perchance you had seen Miss Astrid. She seems to have disappeared and we were terribly worried, sir, we were.”
Luka stifled a laugh with a stern face. “I’m sure she’ll turn up eventually. I’ll keep my eyes open for her, though.”
“Many thanks, my Lord.”
Luka softly closed the door. Astrid could hear the wrathful growling of the goblinesses through the wood as they continued their search. Mutters of “mangy elf” and “damn mud-witch” echoed into the darkened room.
Astrid looked up at Luka, clutching the red silk tight around her shoulders. “Well I suppose I’m stuck here. You happen to have any food on you?”
Luka threw his feathered head back and laughed. “I may have something somewhere hidden in my trousers. Maybe a bit of bread or some cheese. You’re welcome to look. I may even have some coin for you. Tell me, how much do common whores charge these days?”
Astrid felt her gaze harden. “I’m sure you’d love that, wouldn’t you?” She snatched an empty candlestick from an ornately carved tabletop and extended it like a sword. “You’ll pay for that remark.”
“Please do, I’d love see what passes for Warrior these days,” he said through bouts of laughter.
Astrid cut his mirth short with a blow to the belly. She could hear the rush of air burst from his lungs. She ducked beneath his outstretched wing and snuffed the dancing candles, plunging them into darkness. She slid onto the heavy canopy of the bed and waited for him to regain his breath.
“Whew! So you want to play dirty, eh?” A red glow filled the room. She felt the bed heave upward as he lifted it to look underneath. The ceiling thudded against her skull, sending her head spinning. The candlestick was knocked from her grasp and came crashing to the ground.
“Ah, I see you,” he said, ripping through the canopy.
Astrid spun out of his grasp and swung to the floor. Once on the ground, she swung a kick beneath Luka’s feet and sent him toppling into the loose canopy. She sprung upon him, her fist upraised and a knee at his throat.
“Do you surrender yet?” She pressed harder on his throat when he didn’t respond.
“Yes, yes, now get off!”
Astrid laughed with glee as she bounced onto the bed. Luka untangled himself from the tattered canopy and relit the candles. His face was clouded and grim.
“Really, now. Don’t take it so hard. I’m sure you can heal yourself,” said Astrid, sitting upright and propping herself against an overstuffed pillow.
“It’s not that…” he said, pausing to think before continuing. “I hadn’t realized how much I missed being around people. Or the last time I’ve laughed this much.” He picked up a half-eaten loaf of bread from a nearby platter and tossed it toward her.
She caught it and tore into its fluffy interior, chewing it slowly. “Do you still plan on going back?” Her words were mangled by the mouthful of bread.
Luka smirked and shook his head. “I’m not so sure now. The longer I’m away, the more I never want to go back.” He strode to the bed and sat beside her, stretching out his wings behind him.
Astrid gulped down the hunk of bread. “Then don’t,” she said, wiping the crumbs from her face. “Sorry, I don’t mean to be so disgusting. I don’t remember the last time I’ve eaten.” She felt her face redden from his gaze.
“You’re far from disgusting. I think you’re beautiful,” he said, his mouth a jumble of words. He reached out and brushed her damp hair from her face. His hands were warm and inviting against her skin. She slid closer to that warmth, holding his gaze in her sight. She hovered above his lips, unsure of the path laid out before her.
“What happened to you?” She breathed the words onto his skin.
“Many dark and horrible things. And one bright, beautiful thing. It’s difficult to explain, I doubt anyone could understand,” he said, wrapping his great arms around her.
“Try me,” she said. She felt herself sinking further into his warmth.
“My mother was murdered,” he said, his voice a soft rumble, “by what our people—your people—claim to be sacred. I was only a child… but the rage that burned inside me demanded vengeance. I murdered the Phoenix and in her dying breath she cursed me. As long as the clan shall live, so shall you. I was cast out of the village. Abandoned by my people and by my own father. It was a dark and horrible time…”
Astrid heard his voice catch in his throat. He turned his gaze away from her, trying to hide the tempest dwelling within his eyes. 
“I’m so sorry,” she said, brushing his face with her fingers. “No one deserves such cruelty. You were only a child…” She was dumbstruck that her people were capable of such evil. The thought of being cast out into the desert to be forgotten filled her with icy dread. She knew she had felt that sense of cold isolation before. The day I was found wandering alone in the desert…
“You aren’t the one who did this. There would have been nothing you could have done,” he said as he flashed Astrid a forced smile.
“I hadn’t been found yet,” she said without thinking. Luka’s eyes shot her a curious glance. “I was found wandering the desert, maybe ten years ago… has it really been that long? Ethen was found around the same time. Victims of the same sandstorm I suppose,” she said. She forced a laugh but it faded into the painful silence. “Ilsie took us in shortly afterward and we’ve been in her care ever since.”
“Ilsie?” Luka propped himself up on his elbow, his feathered eyebrow arched. “Healer Isilda?”
Astrid nodded, unsure of his sudden interest.
“She finally got her wish then,” he said, a grin spreading across her face.
“Her wish for what?”
“Ilsie had always wanted children. She had tried for years until her husband never returned from a voyage at sea. Everyone thought her barren—”
“—Do not speak ill of Ilsie.” The words had escaped Astrid in an instant. Luka’s eyes widened, surprised by her venom.
“Ilsie is my family. My aunt,” Luka said as he smiled, trying to contain his laughter.
“Oh,” said Astrid. She could feel the heat of her face reddening. “I’m sorry. Ilsie’s the closest thing I’ve had to a mother and I’ve heard far too many people speak horribly about her.”
Luka nodded. “Nice to know the tribe has not changed much.”
Astrid narrowed her eyes. “So if Ilsie is your aunt, then Merrick—”
“Please don’t say his name.” 
“I’m sorry,” she said. Luka turned his face away again. She could feel him pulling away. “Please, I didn’t mean to bring up those memories again.”
“It’s not your fault. You have nothing to apologize for… you’re the only good memory I have,” he said, drawing her closer to him. “I saw you dying that day. I heard what you said to Ethen. Seeing you willing to sacrifice yourself for him—I knew then that there was still good in the world.”
Astrid felt torn. “No, you’re wrong,” she said. “I’m just as selfish as the rest of the world. I may have done good things but did it really help? Or did it just cause more harm in the end.” Thoughts of the small, dirty child in her arms crept into her mind.
“There is light in you,” he said as he brushed her hair from her brow. “A light I can’t help but be drawn to.”
His face brushed against her lips. She pulled him in closer, kissing him hard. They let the world slip away, casting the constant pounding of thunder from their minds.


***


Ilsie paced around her rattling hut, debating on whether venturing into the storm to find her children was really a good idea or not. The violent storm outside tormented her with each passing minute. She had heard rumors that Ethen had been seen only hours ago but no trace of him had remained afterward.
Ilsie threw her hands up to her face. She could no longer take the mindless pacing. She tore through the hut, grabbing everything of importance and shoved it deep into the pockets of her thigh-length jacket. Healing herbs, food, bandages— her mind was frantic with worry that she may forget something that could mean the difference between life and death.
As she fastened a thick belt around the laden jacket, a heavy knock pounded on the flimsy door, buckling it beneath a weighty fist. Ilsie looked up at the door, fearful of what news awaited her on the other side.
“Ilsie! Open the door!” 
Ilsie rushed to the door and undid the rusted latch. “Have you heard from the children?”
Vintas shook the water from his body, letting it pool up at his feet. “You need to come with me. The Grand Sage wants to see you,” he said, avoiding her gaze.
Ilsie’s hands shot to her mouth. She spoke between gasps. “Are… are they dead?”
“No, not to my knowledge, Ilsie,” he said. His voice rumbled as deeply as the thunder shaking the world outside. “I’m sure they’re fine, wherever they are—damn it, they’re not children anymore.”
His words stung at her heart. Having no other family left of her own, Ethen and Astrid had become her world. Vintas, always the Warrior, shied away from such notions.
“Come,” he said, “we must go. The Grand Sage demands it.” He placed a firm, muscular hand on her shoulder and guided her out of the hut and into the pelting rain.
Though it was a short walk to the Grand Sage’s home, the raging wind and torrents of rain made the journey drag on for what seemed like hours. She tried opening her mouth to protest this ridiculous venture but nearly drowned in the process.
Vintas shoved her into the spacious hut. She coughed up the rain from her lungs, gagging on the grit mingling in the sweet water. “This better be important,” she said, temper flaring.
“I assure you, sister, it is—” The familiar voice crept out from the darkness and sent chills down Ilsie’s spine. Merrick stepped into the faint candle light, his pale blue eyes electrified by the small flickering fire. He looked as if he had not aged since the last time Ilsie saw him. It had been a brief moment when both the children were still small. He had come and gone as quickly as the desert breeze. His face was still smooth with the exception of a narrow, pale scar on his cheek.
“I thought you were dead,” she said, reaching out to touch his face. He shrank away, his gaze hard. Ilsie retracted her hand, shocked by his icy presence. “What happened to you? Where have you been all this time?”
“That’s not why I’m here,” said Merrick, his gaze lingering on the smoking candles. “It seems there are some things the Grand Sage requires me to fix.”
Ilsie ran her fingers through her damp sandy curls. “Luka—Merrick, you can’t, he’s your son!”
“He’s an abomination!” The Grand Sage stepped into the light from behind Merrick’s shadow. She cast her hard gaze over all present, sending their stares crashing to the dusty ground. “How dare you defend the beast that slaughtered our Phoenix! You should be ashamed of your family and willing to atone for all their wicked deeds,” she said, her voice venomous and chill with hatred. “Merrick has agreed to set right all of his sins, not just his monster son.”
“I don’t understand,” Ilsie said, her voice quivering. “Merrick, please, what’s happening?” She reached out for him again and grabbed his hand. It was shaky in her grasp.
“Ilsie, if I don’t kill them, the council will kill you, me, Ethen—everyone we love. We have no choice—”
“—them?” Ilsie gazed back into his icy blue eyes. “This isn’t just about Luka, is it?” She dropped his hand and punched him hard in the chest. “Damn it, Merrick! Tell me the truth!”
“Astrid…” he said, his words failing him. He looked away again, his mask of contempt cracking under the weight of Ilsie’s cries. She pounded on his chest, wanting to hurt him as much as he had hurt her.
“Ilsie, she has to die. They both do,” said Vintas. It was the softest she had ever heard his gruff voice. He reached out to touch her shoulder. She jerked away and sobbed in Merrick’s embrace.
“Please, Merrick! Please…” her words faded as Merrick lifted her chin in his hands. 
“It will be easier for them with your help,” he said, wiping the tears from her face. “They would never have to be in pain. They would just… slip away.”
Ilsie pushed herself away, disgusted by her brother’s request. “You wish for me to poison them? You want me to kill our children?”
“You have no choice,” said the Grand Sage. “I will not risk the lives of my people for the sake of your wicked family!” The old crone rushed Ilsie, her gnarled hand latching onto Ilsie’s wrist. Her touch burned, sending howls pouring from Ilsie’s lips. The pain drove her to her knees. The room spun around her as the Grand Sage’s words seeped into her mind. “You will do this or you will suffer a much more terrible punishment than death. I have survived far too long to be ruined by your ignorance.”
Jagged scales stabbed through the blistering skin of Ilsie’s arm. With large, terrified eyes, Ilsie nodded, her sobs pleading. “Yes, I’ll do it—just please stop!”
Ilsie looked up at the Grand Sage, a wicked smile etched in her ancient face. “Hurry, child,” she said, releasing Ilsie’s mangled arm, “before they get away!”




Chapter Six
Wilhelmina smirked as she traced her scythe across the Anvalin’s surface. A swirl of inky black jettisoned across the blue stone, tormenting the souls held inside. She smiled, reveling in their shrieks.
“There’s something intoxicating about an evil woman,” said Luthen as he slithered his arms tight around her waist. “Perhaps that’s why I can’t keep my hands off you.”
She laughed, pulling him closer. “I’m sure you’ve said the same to your child queen.” Her words are bitter in her mouth. She hovered near his lips, tempted to kiss them. Disgusted, she pushed him away instead. No elf was going to make a fool of her.
“Crossing me is a very dangerous thing to do, Luthen,” she said, weighing the well-balanced scythe in her hands. Its deadly silver glinted in the Anvalin’s light, thirsty for the taste of blood and blackened souls. “It would be far too simple a thing for me to take from you what I have given.”
Luthen laughed, dismissing her threat with a wave of his slender hand. “Wilhelmina, my darling, I know far too well what you’re capable of… crossing you is the farthest thing from my mind.”
“Why do I doubt that,” she said, casting her eyes away from his handsome smile. Its warmth sickened her, making her clench her grip around her scythe all the tighter.
“Anya is only merely a single piece in our plan. She is needed—at the moment, anyway,” said Luthen. He brushed his fingers against her chin, turning her face toward his. In the pale light of the Anvalin, his eyes looked almost their natural blue. A slight glimmer revealed the hollow black beneath. The perfect shade to match his soul.
“How has your master been fairing, these days?” The question struck Wilhelmina off guard. Luthen smirked at her sudden slip of composure.
“Death has seen better days, but alas the poor bastard is still—well, for lack of a better word—alive. He has also grown quite suspicious. I can only hide this from him for so long…” her words trailed off into silence. She gripped her scythe hard, squeezing it until her hands burned. She could feel the buzzing of the souls it contained. “I’m not sure how much longer I can keep them under control.”
“Just long enough to offset the balance, my darling. This city—Limra—I know it will be the one to tip us over the edge toward victory. Surely, Death must be growing weaker! He won’t be able to control his precious realm when we finally lay our fingers on the scale,” said Luthen. His smile stretched taunt across his porcelain face as he brushed his thick raven hair from his face. He was a sight of beauty tainted with pure madness.
Wilhelmina could sense he would bring her demise. Luthen was nothing more than a fireball raining down from the heavens, destined to destroy all in his path.
“Yes,” she said, a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. “He will grow weak and we will rule. Death will reign over the living, the dead, and everything that has ever been.”
Yes, she thought as she drew near to him, he will surely destroy me.


***


Astrid woke to a cold empty bed. The candles had died down to shallow stumps and the early morning air was still. The storm had ceased its battle, at least for the moment.
“Luka?” Her voice cracked, sounding weak in the darkness. A rustling of feathers brought her to her feet. She grasped her familiar table cloth and snatched it up around her nakedness.
“It’s time to go,” he said, slipping a bundle of slick leather garments into her arms.
“These aren’t mine—”
“They’re from Fryx. He feels you’ll look more the part dressed in black,” he said with a soft laugh. “He even found you a mask. He said something about it being your trademark.”
Astrid scoffed at the thought. “A mask? That wasn’t exactly the idea at the time… where are my things?”
“Shh… don’t worry. I have your knives. And this…” He held out the blossom in his hand. Astrid snatched it from his grasp, anxious to see it intact.
“You don’t seem like a flower type of girl,” he said, tossing her hunting knives onto the bed. “Of course, you don’t seem to be like a lot of girls—”
“—and what in the hell does that supposed to mean?” She threw the bundle of clothes down on the ground and pushed him toward the door. “For that remark, you may wait on the other side of the door.”
Astrid shoved his great mass of feathers through the door and shut it with a slam. She threw the latch down in a huff and tossed the rumpled table cloth aside.
How dare he—
She lit a lantern, snapping the fuel wide open to burn a tall, blue flame, and slammed it back down on its table. She could hear the stirrings of others both in the hall and neighboring rooms, but the groans and irritated shouts only fed her rage.
How dare he act like nothing happened! She struggled against the new under clothes, her skin uneasy against such soft material. How dare he cluck around, bringing me my clothes and criticizing my every more as if he were of those damned gobliness handmaidens!
Astrid tore loose the leather gear and jerked it onto her limbs. She cursed between gritted teeth at the foolish notions of love that had previously floated around her head.
How the hell did I let myself get tangled up in all this?
She spat at the disheveled bed, disgusted that she let herself be so easily charmed. She pulled her black silk blouse over her head with a harsh tug, not caring if it ripped to pieces. Her fist punched their way through the sleeves of the smooth leather jacket while her feet kicked their way into tall black boots. Her livid fingers slammed the silver fasteners shut with a deadly snap.
Astrid bent to scoop up the dreaded mask from the floor. She paused, gazing at its smooth exterior. Her eyes wandered upward to a mirror hanging shyly on the back wall.
She blinked several times before recognizing the figure standing before her.
For the first time in almost a decade, her hair was free of the red desert clay and was its natural smoky brown. It cascaded down her shoulders, a river of shimmering ink. The smooth black leather was suddenly recognizable—dragon’s hide. It was a garment suitable for only the finest of warriors. She ran her fingers over the hide, awestruck over such a gift.
A sharp rapping from the door broke her trance. “We need to leave,” said Luka, “now.”
Astrid rolled her eyes, trying hard to hide her smirk even behind the latched door. She wrapped her hair into a simple braid and coiled it into the hood of her jacket. Her eager hands brought the mask to her face. It covered the top portion, down to the tip of her nose—just enough to appear menacing in the face of an enemy. The mask slid perfectly onto her face, the silken ties slipping over her hair as if custom made. She lifted the cowl of the fine jacket and draped it over her brow.
“Astrid! I mean NOW.” The door creaked as Luka fought against the stubborn wood.
She snatched her knives from the bed and wrapped the matching black belt around her waist. In her rush, the small blossom flew from the where it clung onto her knives and twirled helplessly to the floor. Her heart stopped, fearing she had crushed it in her haste.
Astrid swooped down and plucked the gentle flower from between her boots. Its petals were wrinkled but still strong. She brought it to her lips, brushing its soft velvet against them in a gentle kiss. For luck, she thought as she tucked it into a well-guarded pocket inside her jacket.
“ASTRID!”
She ripped a silken rope from the tattered canopy of the bed and tested its strength in her hands. Good, she thought, a sand-spinner’s silk. There’ll be no cutting this. She then doused the lantern and blew out the candles with a quick breath of air. She crept to the door and slid the latch off with a dull click. The door swung open without a sound. Luka stood, open-mouthed, his eyes squinted as he gazed into the darkness.
Astrid hung above him, supporting herself between the heavy door frame and the ceiling. Luka stepped inside and lit the room with his rosy light. She swung her body on the door frame and guided herself to the floor.
In one swift movement, she slammed the door shut. She slipped the knotted rope over the handled and tied it tight around a large scrolled handle of the door across the hall.
As soon as she pulled the final knot tight, the door erupted with a fury of Luka’s fists.
“ASTRID! Let me out! NOW!”
“It seems I’ll be on my way now,” she said, her voice musical with laughter. 
The banging grew fiercer. She could feel the eyes peering at her from the darkest parts of the hall. Astrid shrugged, turned on her heel and sprinted down the hall. She was eager to be done with this place. The sooner she could do this final favor for Fryx, the better.
Astrid skidded into the main hall straight into Ethen. He looked frazzled and half-asleep, with the remnants of breakfast dangling from the scruff on his chin.
“Ah, just the Warrior I wanted to see,” she said as she grabbed him by the arm.
“Now just wait a bloody moment! Who the hell are you? And where the hell do you think—”
“—Relax, fair maiden, you and your bow are being recruited,” she said. She could see Fryx and his party of pinched-faced goblins waiting for her though the open entrance of the villa.
“Astrid? But where’s Luka?” He struggled against her grip but failed, tripping on his tired feet. “You could at least let me walk on my own!”
Fryx’s weary face lit up when he saw her. “Ah! You look quite deadly this morning! Hopefully enough to dissuade the bastard assailing Limra from trying to cross us… Where’s Luka?” He looked from her to Ethen as his face settled into a grimace. “This isn’t what we agreed.”
“I don’t recall agreeing to much of anything,” said Astrid, finally releasing her iron grip on Ethen’s arm. “From where I see it, you need me much more than I need you. And I need someone I can trust in case things don’t—go as planned. Your goblins may be armed to the teeth, but if things turn sour I don’t want to be stuck fighting alongside a stranger.”
Fryx’s expression darkened. “A stranger? After all he has done for you…” His voice, though soft, cut her to the bone. “Very well. Let us go.”


***


Merrick watched Ilsie with narrowed eyes as she laced the sharp black needles with poison. He snatched them from her and tucked them deep in his jacket.
“Do you have any idea where they are?” She said, avoiding his gaze.
“Yes,” he said. “At least Luka. The Grand Sage was able to track him to a merchant’s villa outside Limra.” He could see her defeat etched in the fine wrinkles on her face. “How is your arm?”
“It burns,” said Ilsie, clutching the afflicted arm to her chest. “The scales are spreading.”
Merrick nodded, empty of words.
“We should be going,” she said. She rose from the table and drifted out of the cottage, her movements lifeless like a ghost. Merrick followed her out and onto the rocky path that would lead them to Limra.
The clouds had broken up overhead and instead were gathered in a giant black cluster over Limra. Lightening illuminated tall, ghastly white towers hidden in the towering mass.
They walked in silence for an hour before seeing the peak of the merchant’s villa.
“Wait here,” said Merrick, stopping her with his hand. He leaned in, suddenly embracing her. “Please don’t follow me. I don’t want you to see this.”
“I don’t have to see it,” said Ilsie. She choked on her words as she drew away from his touch. “I’ll know.”
Merrick shook his head and walked away toward the villa. He walked closer but suddenly stopped when his eyes caught a glimmer of red further beyond near the sea. His legs steered him toward that glimmer, his hand clutching at the poisoned needles.
Luka was perched on a boulder, motionless and staring far out into the sea.
“Luka?”
The feathers on Luka’s head stood straight up. He turned and locked his icy gaze onto Merrick. “What do you want?” His voice was laced with bitterness.
“I want to talk,” said Merrick. He eased next to Luka and sat down next to him. He saw Luka’s wings tense, but he did not move.
“Make it quick,” he said, looking away. “I have little patience for you.”
Merrick nodded. “Luka… I want you to know I never meant for anything to happen to you. It was beyond my control.”
“I’m sure it was,” said Luka. He kept his eyes firmly rooted on the sea.
“Luka, we want to make peace. I want to make peace.” Merrick laid a hand on Luka’s arm. Though Luka flinched at his touch, he remained still.
“Pretending nothing happened won’t erase the past,” said Luka with a strained voice. “I can’t get those years back. I can’t even get my old self back. What good is your peace?”
“There are other ways, Luka,” said Merrick. He held his jaw firm, fearing he may say too much. This was his only opportunity to set everything right and he was not about to waste it.
“No, father. Not for us,” said Luka, tearing his heavy gaze from the horizon. His stare made Merrick’s hair on his neck stand on end. “I know our people. I will always be a monster to them… to you.”
Merrick drew his son close to him in an unexpected embrace. Luka did not struggle but he did not move to reciprocate. “There is a place and a time where one day we will be together. One day… me, you, your mother…” His voice stumbled in his throat. “Goodbye, my son.”
“Father—”
Merrick drove the needle into Luka’s back. Luka fell into the gritty sand, howling in pain. The poison would work its way toward his heart within seconds. Luka suddenly went rigid. His eyes stared daggers into Merrick as his breath gradually grew shallow.
Ilsie ran out over the rocky beach. She crouched beside Luka, her face blanched with horror. “Merrick, what have you done!” The black poison etched wicked lines in Luka’s bronze skin, circling his heart.
“You will pay for this…” Luka growled with his final gasp of air.
Merrick, his heart hollow, nodded. “I know.”


***


Fryx’s carriage rumbled along on the deserted streets of Limra. They had been instructed to travel to Governor Bastrick’s mansion, where they would be provided with transportation to the city. The foggy details of the situation set Astrid on edge.
The carriage soon approached, allowing the party to spill from its belly. They were rushed inside by guards wearing rain-slick black armor straight to the Governor’s Seat.
Bastrick was seated on his throne with one leg kicked over its scrolled arm. His greasy black hair was plaited against his sapphire blue scalp. He beckoned the party to come forward.
“It’s about damned time,” he said with air whistling through his nose. He picked at his ashen nails. “A lift has been sent for you… I see you have an escort, Fryx.” He paused his pruning to nod at Astrid. 
Fryx shuffled his feet and nodded. “Yes, of course. The best.”
“You better be right, Fryx. I can’t afford for this to turn sour,” said Bastrick as he narrowed his glossy black eyes. “If these blasted wizards, or whatever the hell they are, don’t want to make a deal, then you know what needs to be done. No matter the cost.”
Fryx nodded again. “Yes, you have my word,” he said. “The city is in safe hands.”
Bastrick scoffed and beckoned the guard. “Take them to the lift.” He stifled a yawn with the back of his hand. “Don’t make a fool of yourself, Fryx!”
The party was led down a winding corridor and up a spiraling flight of stairs. They soon emerged on the roof of the mansion. A massive iron cage waited for them, its gate open like a gaping mouth.
“Why do I let you drag me into these situations?” Ethen’s whisper hissed at her ear.
“Think of it as an opportunity to become closer as a family,” said Astrid. Questions about what lay above them nagged at her from inside her skull.
Jagged white towers reared up before them, stabbing through the billowing black clouds. Astrid felt her mouth drift open in shock at the incredible size of the city. 
The iron cage skidded to a stop against the top of the massive city wall. A swarm of armored hands tore open the cage’s top and thrust a ladder down into its belly. Astrid watched the cowering goblins glance toward their master. Fryx waved his hand, urging them to ascend. One by one, the pinched-faced goblins crawled up the rungs of the splintering ladder. Fryx took his place behind them. Ethen gulped and followed Fryx. Astrid lingered at the tail of their company. Someone had to watch their backs.
High on the wall, Astrid could see the city sprawled out before them. Exquisite white stone villas stood silent in the midst of their lush gardens and sapphire ponds, guilty bystanders of the storm raging outside the city walls. A long stone road wound around the villas and climbed up to a gleaming white palace.
The pearly stone shone with an eerie resemblance of something Astrid had dreamt years ago. She shook the gauzy memories from her mind. Now was not the time to reminisce on childhood daydreams.
“This way,” said a nearby guard with a gruff, hollow voice. He bobbed his helmeted head and huffed at the air. Wicked horns curled from above his visor. He reeked of musky Phooka.
Twelve other menacing guards stood surrounding the company. They were armored head to hoof in bone white metal. Each carried an assortment of daggers and swords. The lead guard, however, had a hefty mace swinging from his belt. Astrid clenched her teeth as she eyed patches of dried blood decorating the guard’s gauntlets.
The company was ushered by the guards through the unflinching city. Astrid could feel hidden eyes watching them from the confines of the villas. She couldn’t help but think the inhabitants had seen this procession before.
They approached the palace much sooner than Astrid had wanted. Its heavy iron gate swung open with hissing hinges. The company spilled out into a courtyard full of blood red roses. The path leading to the palace’s entrance was lined with wicked iron spikes that stretched above their heads. Astrid’s eyes followed the spikes up—
“—Astrid! LOOK.” Ethen’s words fell from his mouth. His hand clenched at her forearm. She could feel him trembling.
Her gaze was met by the empty stare of a severed head.
“Astrid—”
“—silence!” She shoved him down the cobbled path, her eyes never leaving the bloody promenade of heads. 
The hollow laugh of the lead guard echoed through the court yard. “Does our garden shock you?”
Astrid kept her mouth shut tight. She would rather spend her energy ripping his tongue from his mouth than wasting it on useless words.
Her eyes lingered on final head along the path. Its wound dripped splotches of fresh red onto the white stone below. The face of the grizzled man was one of stubborn resolve. He had managed to hold his grimace even after death.
The company slipped inside the chill palace without a sound. The guards halted their progression and unsheathed their swords.
“The dwarve goes alone,” said the lead guard, swinging his mace onto his shoulder. “The rest will wait here.”
Quibell’s face squinted in disgust at the towering beast. “I go where my master goes.”
Fryx heaved a sigh and placed a hand on the wrathful goblin’s shoulder. “Quibell,” he said. His face was etched with fatigue. “You have always been loyal to me, but now you must listen. You must stay.”
Quibell opened his mouth to protest but was cut short by Fryx’s sharp whisper. “No matter the cost!”
The goblin nodded and pulled away from his master’s grip. The other goblins crowded around him, their dusky skin paling from fright.
Astrid tensed. There’s no way this is going to end well…
Fryx nodded to his companions and followed the lead guard down the yawning hall. He turned and disappeared down an adjoining hall, swallowed up by the palace itself.
The remaining twelve guards circled tighter around the company, their blades gleaming with the glow of nearby torches.
“Idiot girl,” said Quibell, hissing in Astrid’s ear. “Are you prepared to die?”
Astrid glared at him from beneath her mask. “I am prepared to kill. Death is not an option.” She tightened her grip on her knives and slipped them halfway from their sheaths.
The goblin smirked. “You are foolish, girl. You cannot always run from Death.”
“No,” she said. Ethen slid behind her back, ready for the approaching blood bath. “I won’t be running. I’d prefer to meet Death head on.”
“As you wish.” Quibell’s snarled words erupted into a fierce howl as he pommeled into a nearby guard. His sword sliced through the guard’s britches, up into his groin. Blood erupted from the wound as the goblin yanked his blade free.
Astrid sprang from her rooted stance, narrowly missing a blow to the head. She ducked beneath the weighted twirling of a great sword and jabbed her knife into the open flesh of the guard’s underarm. She felt her blade puncture through bone and heard the breath catch in his snout. The guard staggered as she ripped her knife free and spun around behind him. Her opposing blade found another weak spot just above the guard’s flank. She twisted its black razor edge deep into the soft, furry flesh. The guard’s knees buckled. Astrid kicked his legs from under him and slammed the hulking beast face first into the stone floor. She heard the helmet buckle and crack. The guard moaned, blood spurting from his crumpled visor. She lifted his head by the horns and smashed it once again into the stone. The guard lay twitching in his blood.
She rose from the corpse, narrowly missing Ethen’s arrow as it buzzed by her skull. Its obsidian tip sunk deep into the eye socket of an approaching guard, sending him toppling over on top of the bloodied Phooka.
“Not bad,” said Astrid. “Reflexes could have been a bit quicker, though.”
Ethen rolled his eyes as he dodged a stumbling Phooka. Two goblins had latched onto his helmet and had made his head their pincushion.
Quibell had dug his wicked blade into two more guards in a mere span of seconds. The goblin moved with a speed that made Astrid’s blood run cold.
His goblin companions fought in packs of two or three. They swarmed the Phooka, clawing up the gigantic beasts and stabbing and slicing at the hidden flesh inside their helmets.
Seven Phooka lay in pools of blood at their feet. The remaining five gathered in the corner, steam billowing from their snouts. They gnashed their yellow teeth and shook their menacing horns. Several tore the armor from their bodies. Their eyes burned with rage.
“You will pay for this,” said the largest of the remaining guards. “Phooka do not go quietly to their graves.”
He roared with rage as he lowered his horns and charged toward Astrid. She knelt, bending backward. She watched the Phooka slip past just above her face. His exposed torso drifted into sight. Her upraised daggers dug into the muscled flesh, slicing it apart in one fell motion. 
Astrid slid between the howling Phooka’s legs. She heard him skid on his own blood and tumble onto his face with a dull thump.
She shook the foul blood from her blades and smiled. “Who’s next?”
The final few Phooka balked and darted for a quick escape. Two sprinted to her left and were immediately tackled by the ferocious goblins. The other two tore down the hall that Fryx had taken.
Ethen broke into a dead run. Astrid followed, trailing closely behind. She could hear Quibell’s wicked laugh flickering at their heels.
Ethen loosed an arrow from his bow. It burrowed into the nearest Phooka’s neck. He gasped, sucking in bloodied air through his lacerated wind pipe. The beast stumbled and slumped over onto his back.
The final Phooka growled with a fierce rumble. He spun around, duel swords outstretched. He lashed out at Ethen, knocking the bow from his grasp. The Phooka’s blade bit into Ethen’s thigh, shearing the muscle. His stance wavered as he cried out from the sudden blow. The guard raised his swords high above his head, ready to split Ethen in two.
Astrid shoved Ethen from the Phooka’s reach with the force of her sprinting body. The savage monster’s blades crashed down at her feet. The metal sunk deep into the stone. Astrid smiled and glared into the Phooka’s wild yellow eyes.
His face melted into sudden fear. “PLEASE, fair and deadly warrior,” he said, falling to his knees. “I am merely a pawn! PLEASE! Spare me!” He groveled at her feet, whimpering like a wounded dog.
Astrid shot Ethen a puzzled look. He moaned, holding his leg close. “Damn it, Astrid, kill the bastard!” Quibell rushed to his side and ripped a long strip of cloth from his cloak. He wound the rough material tight around Ethen’s leg and hoisted him up with the help of two other goblins.
“Please! I—I can show you what keeps Alainia in the sky! I can show its secrets!” He clawed at Astrid’s legs, howling with sobs.
“I don’t trust him,” said Quibell, his mouth set in a natural sneer.
“We don’t have to trust him,” said Astrid. She kicked the miserable Phooka from her boots. “Just follow him. I’m sure he’ll cooperate with my knife in his back.”
The Phooka flinched at the thought. “Yes, of course! I am your humble servant!”
“And what of him?” Quibell nodded toward Ethen. His face had paled and his eyes had dimmed. “We can’t just drag him along…”
“He needs to be treated. Take him back down to Limra. Make sure he’s well cared for,” said Astrid. Her heart ached with guilt.
Quibell nodded and handed Ethen off to the company of goblins.
“Wait… Astrid!” Ethen’s muddled gaze met hers. “I can still fight… please, don’t make me go…”
She bent down and gathered the pieces of his bow. For the first time, she was glad her mask hid the hurt on her face. “Here,” she said, handing the pieces to a nearby goblin. “He won’t want to be without it. It was his father’s.”
“Astrid?” He reached out a weak hand.
“Ethen… you have to go,” she said, taking his hand in her own shaky grasp. “You’ll die if you stay up here. Besides, you now have enough battle scars to get any girl you want.”
He coughed a raspy laugh. “You’ll have to beat them off me, won’t you?”
She smiled, letting go of his trembling hand. “It’s time to go.”
Ethen nodded as the goblins hoisted him up and scurried back down the hall.
Quibell broke the silence with a sharp cough. “We still have business to attend to.”
Astrid shot him a fierce glare. “I’m well aware,” she said, her voice a growl. “A little forewarning to the nature of this mission would have been helpful. I didn’t realize how lightly the word ambassador gets thrown around these days.”
“These people had no intention of negotiating. It was either kill or be killed. That is the way of the desert,” said Quibell. He kicked at the Phooka’s haunches. “On your feet!”
Astrid dug a knife into the Phooka’s shoulder. “How many other guards are here?”
“Agghhhhhhhhhhhh! Only two now. Agggg—me and the Captain! I, of course, am no real threat, but Fanger is a beast to be reckoned with. AHHH!” The words poured from the beast’s mouth in a slew of painful bursts.
Astrid released her blade and let him cower against the wall. She turned her gaze toward Quibell. “Do you believe him?”
Quibell spat at the blubbering beast. “Do we have a choice? I don’t see any other guards patrolling. If there had been any, they would have surely heard us by now. And who could blame them? If I could summon a storm to strike my enemies with lightening I wouldn’t worry about paying for guards to wander the halls.”
“Seems valid to me,” said Astrid. She yanked the Phooka to his feet by his horns. “Show me this secret.”


***


Fryx did not appreciate being thrust into a volatile situation.
He had owed Bastrick a favor for over two decades now and of course this was the time the bastard chose to have it returned.
The massive guard clanked alongside him, swinging his glinting mace with each step. Fryx only hoped that Astrid and Quibell were following close behind him.
The guard opened a rounded wooden door and shoved the dwarve inside. He found himself inside a cavernous throne room. A crowd of nobles were gathered around the throne. Their murmurs were hushed at his sudden presence.
Fryx walked toward the throne, parting the sea of nobles.
They glared down at him in disgust.
“A dwarve? I didn’t know we had dealings with their kind,” said a shrewish elf from behind her fan.
“Quiet, Camilla! Don’t provoke the brute!” Her portly husband pulled her away from the edge of the crowd.
Fryx flourished a bow before the cowering couple. They flinched at the unexpected gesture, bringing a smile to the dwarve’s lips.
“Move, dwarve!” The guard shoved Fryx further toward the throne.
Seated upon the black throne was an elf dressed in flowing white silk. Her young face was smooth with an eerie calm. She spread her arms in welcome.
“Master Dwarve, so good of you to come. I hope you’re enjoying Alainia. I know we’re certainly enjoying your presence here,” said the Queen, her voice smooth as a serpent. He heard the nobles cackling behind him in the shadows.
“Your majesty, I have come on behalf of the city of Limra. I have—”
“—Yes, yes, you’ve come to negotiate peace,” she said. Her still face soured into a snarl. “I have no interest in peace. My only interest is conquest.”
“So you wish to rule us?” Fryx stared at the Queen’s features. I’ve seen a face like that before…
“I wish to rule over everyone,” said the Queen as she flipped her hair over her bare shoulder. “My demands are simple. Serve me or die.” Her words filled Fryx with chill dread. Her eyes… those are Astrid’s eyes…
A sudden laugh floated from the darkness lingering behind the Queen’s throne. “Really, my darling, you do have a flair for the dramatic.” A tall, slender elf emerged from the shadows and perched himself next to the queen. The nobles had become unnaturally still behind Fryx. He peered over his shoulder to see their wicked stares melt into hollow gazes. “Off with you,” said the elf, shooing the aristocrats away with his hand. They turned and filtered from the throne room like sheep.
“I see there’s more than what meets the eye,” said Fryx. He could feel the dark power emanating from this elf—if he even was an elf.
“Isn’t there always?” He patted the Queen on the head, dismissing her from her throne. Her eyes glazed over like the nobles’. She rose from her seat and walked away, disappearing into the shadows. The monstrous guard followed closely behind. “Now that the children are gone, the adults can discuss business.”
“Beyond serve you or die? I think that ultimatum was fairly clear.” Fryx felt for his triton hidden beneath his robes. All it would take was a quick flick of his thumb and the triton would expand to its full size, ready for blood.
“No, no, not that. Something far more intriguing. I saw that glint in your eye,” he said, leaning in closer. “I know you recognized her.”
Fryx froze. “I don’t know what you’re talking about—”
“—Ha! Oh yes, I know far too well. Luthen knows all.” The wicked elf’s laugh burst into the throne room, echoing throughout the empty space.
Fryx narrowed his eyes, setting his face into a firm grimace. “Do you really know all? If so, I’m sure you know that she will be the death of you…”
“Me? I have already faced Death. I have conquered his realm. Even his handmaiden serves me!” He threw his hands in the air, pointing at a cloaked figure that had formed out of mist. A vicious silver scythe protruded from the folds of its cloak. “Wilhelmina! How good of you to join us. Our friend here has some interesting information he wishes to share.”
“Tell you what I know? I thought you knew all—AGHHH!” Fryx’s body was electrified with pain. His legs crumpled beneath his body, sending him crashing into the cold stone.
“I’m afraid we’re going to have to do this the hard way,” said Luthen as he brushed his thick, dark hair from his face. “Take his soul.”
Wilhelmina threw back her cowl. “Another soul? You know well enough I cannot bare the weight of anymore!”
Luthen’s gaze blackened. “Then what good are you?” His hand batted at the air, a motion that lifted Wilhelmina from her feet and sent her crashing into a wall. She crumbled against the stone as she faded into the shadows. Luthen slid from the throne and plucked the weighty scythe from where it had fallen. He tested its power in his hands. A smile was splayed across his face. “At last,” he said, glee tickling his voice. “I’ve lusted for this power for too long.”
Fryx struggled to stand but his legs refused to budge.
“Now,” said Luthen, “about the girl.” He twirled the scythe around him as if it weighed nothing. “Where is she?”
Fryx spat at the elf. “Go back to Hell, you ugly bastard!”
Luthen rolled his eyes as he scrubbed the spit from his face. “You dwarves are quite disgusting. Even with all that garb and bobbles, you’re all still made out of the same gritty, worthless rubble.” He twirled the scythe around his head and plunged it into Fryx’s chest.
Fryx felt the cold metal pierce his heart and wash over his body like icy water. An ethereal mist clung to the blade. Luthen tugged at it, tearing the soul from his body.
“Tell me where she is.” Luthen twisted the blade, entangling Fryx’s soul.
“AGHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” Howls burst from Fryx’s gaping mouth. Pain flooded his capacity for words, leaving him writhing and speechless on the floor.
“WHERE?” Fury blazed in the elf’s hollow eyes.
“Here…” Fryx muttered the word. He could feel the last bits of his soul leaving his mangled body. “I hope she cuts you to pieces.”
Luthen threw his head back in a fit of wild laugher. With a jerk, he ripped the final tendrils of soul loose from Fryx’s body. The soul, with no vessel to hold it, dissolved into nothingness.


***


Astrid and Quibell followed the Phooka down winding halls and through hidden doors. With each passing step, her patience wore thinner.
“How much further?” She prodded him with her knife.
“Oh! Not too far!” He rubbed his backside as he winced in pain.
“I’m starting to think he’s leading us in circles,” said Quibell. “We may have better luck wandering about on our own.”
“No! The throne room is just this way!” The Phooka scrambled to a nearby door and pushed it open. Astrid peered inside over his matted head.
“It seems he was telling the truth after all,” she said, pushing the Phooka into the vast open space. The clatter of his hooves echoed in the deserted room.
Quibell’s eyes narrowed. “No—”
The goblin broke into a run across the room. Startled, Astrid sprinted after him. “Quibell,” she said, “what is it?”
She stopped short, no longer in need of an explanation. Fryx lay on his back, eyes wide and skin pale as Death. Quibell hovered by his side, howling with despair.
A withered old woman slipped out of the shadows from behind the throne. She held a bucket full of sloshing sudsy water in her arm. She placed the bucket on the ground and stared back at Astrid with equal curiosity. “I’m so sorry about your friend,” she said, her voice distant.
Quibell snarled at her and continued his lamenting.
“Do you know what happened?” Astrid sounded empty in her ears. She had never seen a corpse transfixed with such a look of terror.
The old woman shook her weary head. “Something terrible. That’s the only thing that happens here…the sooner you leave, the better it will be for you.”
“No, the Phooka was—”
“—Damn it, girl! You’ve lost him!” Quibell’s voice was sharp and bitter. He was right, of course. The Phooka had snuck away the moment their backs had turned.
Astrid ripped her mask from her face and threw it to the ground. “I’ve had enough of this madness!” She crushed it beneath her boot with a single stomp.
“Wait… I know you,” said the old woman. She came close to Astrid, looking deep into her face. “Yes! But why have you come back? There is nothing left for you here.”
Astrid flinched from the woman’s touch. “You’re mad.”
“If only,” she said. She beckoned her with a withered hand. “Come. I will show you.”
Astrid looked to Quibell. He snarled, baring his needle teeth. She would get no more help from him. “Lead the way.”
The woman nodded and glided to a small door behind the throne. Astrid found herself emerging into a darkened hall. The woman lit a stubby candle and led Astrid further down the passage. They floated past faded tapestries and piles of haphazard portraits of long dead elves.
“Here,” she said, blowing the dust from a large, tattered painting. “Here’s your mother.”
“You are mad,” said Astrid. She backed away from the old woman, ready to run.
“No! Look at her!”
Astrid’s eyes drifted to the elf’s face. She was beautiful, with long, pale hair that flowed down her shoulders. Two small girls with dark, smoky hair stood at her side. They were identical. “I don’t understand,” she said. Astrid felt dark memories stirring in her mind. “I don’t want to look…”
“You must! You have to remember!”
Astrid swayed on her feet. Whispers from long ago flooded her consciousness. She felt herself torn between reality and the confines of her mind—it now took the shape of a winding hall, lined with doors. She flew past them as the doors burst open. Fragments of memories erupted into her thoughts. She hurtled further down the hall toward a menacing, mangled door. It splintered as her mind crashed onto its surface.
Astrid pulled herself back into her waking mind and crashed onto the floor. Panting, she rose to her unsteady feet.
“…Mother?” She reached out her hand and traced the edges of the empty painted face. “But then… if I am her… who is—”
“—who is that? How fitting for you to forget your own sister.”
Astrid’s legs quaked. She turned and found herself under Anya’s heavy gaze.
“What’s happening to me?” The line between dreaming and waking was blurred to her. She almost expected to wake up in a cold sweat at any moment.
“Still only thinking about you, I see,” said Anya. “Away with you, hag!” She slapped the old woman in the head, sending her racing for a nearby door. Anya continued her chase until her wrist was caught by Astrid’s iron grip.
“Leave her be,” said Astrid, bringing Anya to her knees. “I have questions. And you have answers… how do I destroy the city?”
Anya laughed in Astrid’s face. “Destroy it? And kill everything our dear mother worked to preserve? How vulgar of you.”
Astrid clenched her teeth. “Then how do I stop the storm?”
Anya flashed a wicked smile. “Let me show you.”


***


Merrick had watched the iron cage descend onto the roof of the Governor’s villa from the shadows of the villa’s wall. He waited for the company to disperse from the roof before climbing a towering, gnarled tree to reach its tiled ledge. Ilsie had followed close behind him. He felt her burning stare bore into his back.
The journey in the lift to Alainia was filled with a dreaded silence.
“Ilsie—”
“—Don’t you dare speak to me!” Her voice was laced with venom.
He withdrew his words and focused on the wrathful storm clouds looming above them.
After several dragging moments, they finally reached the top of the wall. Merrick hefted open the cage’s top and climbed onto the stone wall. Ilsie climbed up the wall after him. She batted away his open hand. The scales on her arm nicked his flesh, a bitter reminder of their somber situation.
Merrick led her to the palace. He couldn’t help but marvel at the massive estates that littered the landscape of Alainia. How could so many people live like this?
“You’ve been here before, haven’t you?” Ilsie’s words shocked him.
“Yes… many years ago.” He kept his gaze forward, fixed on the palace.
“Was this the place that your vision led you to?”
“Yes,” he said. They crept into the shadows of the palace courtyard. Thunder rumbled below their feet. He heard Ilsie suck in her breath through clenched teeth.
Bloodied heads lined the path. Their hollow eyes watched from where they were perched high atop jagged iron spikes.
“Who would do such horrible things?” He felt her clutching at his arm.
“Demons live here,” said Merrick, his eyes lowered from the empty eyes of the dead.
“Demons?” Ilsie whispered the word, her voice icy with fear. “Is that what killed that woman? The one you saw in your vision?”
Merrick led her through the open doorway. Bloodied corpses littered the hall. Phooka, he thought as he picked his way over their cold bodies.
“No,” he said. His boots were sticky with blood. “She was killed by something far worse. Something I fear we may come face to face with before the day is done.”
They wandered the deserted halls for what seemed like hours. Merrick strained his mind to recall where he needed to go, but the memories evaded his grasp.
Ilsie, unable to control her fury any longer, stopped dead. “This is ridiculous. I’ll have no more of this madness!”
 “We need to find Astrid!” Merrick dragged Ilsie along the hall. She kicked at him, howling in her disgust. The further down the hall they traveled, the more violent she became.
“I’ll not let you kill her, too! I’d rather live my life out as a monster than let you murder her!” He felt her teeth sink into his hand, slicing through his flesh.
“Damn you!” He threw her onto the cold stone. Ilsie, too overcome with grief, lay on the chill white and sobbed.
“What would Kateri think of you?” Her words, though gentle, ripped at his heart.
Merrick’s throat clenched as he fought down the pain. “Don’t you dare speak her name,” he said as he crumbled to the floor beside her.
She reached her hand out to his and clasped it in her shaky grip. “We don’t have to live like this anymore. The Grand Sage does not own us. We can go far away from here—you, me, Astrid and Ethen. We can be a family again.”
“She said she would make Kateri suffer,” he said, half to himself to justify his actions to his own consciousness. “I had a vision of her… I can’t live with myself knowing her soul is being tormented.”
“Oh, Merrick…” Ilsie rose to embrace him. “There must be another way.”
He could see her scales stabbing through her cloak. They had spread up her arm in a matter of hours. “Ilsie, I can’t—”
Merrick was knocked into the wall by a blast of blistering heat. The blazing air sucked the air from his lungs and left him gasping. He batted at the flames on his clothing. Looking back, he could see Ilsie reeling, her body engulfed in flames.
“ILSIE!” Her body grew still as he scrambled to his feet. He tore his cloak off and battled the inferno. Her body was charred, nothing but a blackened statue of his sister’s screaming face. “No—no!”
Merrick looked up through blurred eyes to see the fiery face of his son.
“You’re a monster,” he said, spitting the words at Luka.
“It’s in my blood. I come from a family of monsters,” Luka said as he spread his wings to fill the width of the hall. He cast the wicked black needle down where Merrick knelt. “You’re going to have to try harder than that to get rid of me.”
Merrick gazed one final time at his dear sister and covered her distorted face with his cloak. He rose to his feet, drawing his sword. “You will die for this.”
Luka smirked, beckoning him with an open palm. “Please, do try harder this time.”
Merrick charged him, a roar tearing at his lips. He slammed into Luka’s scorching body, sending both toppling out through the large, open window.
Luka laughed as he batted the sword from Merrick’s grasp. They spun, helpless as a feather. The world wove around Merrick’s head. He heard the wind catch Luka’s wings and jerk them upward. 
Merrick was driven into the white stone of the palace. He could feel his ribs snap. Luka’s burning blue stare drove him deeper into the stone. “How could you leave me to die?” His voice cracked, splintering like Merrick’s bones. Luka lifted him up into the air and drove him back into the stone. “WHY DID YOU DO NOTHING?”
They fell backward into the open air, once again spiraling to the ground. They plummeted past the city walls and past the mossy earth of Alainia. Luka flew beneath the city. Merrick felt himself crash through thick glass and skid across cold, jagged metal.
Luka crouched above him, his claws digging into his flesh. “Answer me, damn you!” Merrick could hear the wrath in Luka’s voice. “ANSWER ME!”
Merrick’s head lolled to the side. A shadow stirred, drawing his attention away. “Luka,” he said, “Luka, you need to go…” Memories of a familiar shadow filled him with a chill fear.
“NO! You will answer me!” Luka’s rage boiled over, his words nothing but howls intermingled with sobs. “Why did you abandon me?”
“Yes,” an icy voice floated over them. “Tell him. Why did you abandon him?”
Luka’s gaze searched the darkness. “Who are you?”
“A friend,” said the voice. An elf with delicate, angular features stepped into the soft blue light of the room. “I want nothing more than to know the truth, just as you do.”
“No, Luka! Go!” Merrick’s words were garbled with the blood that pooled in his mouth.
“Tell your son why you cast him aside, Merrick.”
“I had no choice—” Merrick’s words were lost in Luka’s rage.
Luka raised a glinting clawed hand above his head, his muscles twitching and ready to strike. He hesitated, letting his deadly hand hang in midair.
“Kill him. He deserves no better.” The elf’s words were laced with the taint of dark magic. His eyes, hollow and lifeless, glimmered with glee in the blue glow.
Merrick’s blood poured from his mouth as he struggled to speak. “No… Luka…”
The elf leaned close to Luka, letting his thick black hair fall over his pale face. “KILL. HIM.” The words lingered in the air before driving Luka’s talons deep into Merrick’s chest.
Merrick felt himself slipping away. The elf’s wicked laugh echoed in his head while the world faded to black.
Kateri? He struggled to see her face but could not remember it. Another’s gaze drifted into his dying mind… Amaeya? His eyes fluttered open for a brief moment. Amaeya’s face hovered near his. Though it was heavy with age, he could recognize her honey eyes anywhere.
“Shh! Just lay still,” she said, wiping the blood from his face. “You’re safe now. They’ve gone.” Tears glistened at the corners of her lovely eyes. “I always knew you’d come back for me.”
Merrick choked on his bloodied sobs. If only it had been for you… Amaeya.
He felt his life slipping away, leaving only regrets to smolder in his dying mind.
Amaeya.


***


Anya struggled to keep her fury in check. The thought of Astrid following so close behind made her skin crawl. She had longed for the opportunity to make her sister suffer and now the chance was within her grasp.
“Where are we going?” The sound of Astrid’s voice was torture.
“Down to the Anvalin,” said Anya, trying her best to sound bored. “Not that you would know anything about that.”
“The what?”
Anya huffed. “You really are dense. Of course, so was mother and father,” she said as she picked her way down the darkened stairwell. “It’s the source of Alainia’s power.” She cast Astrid a gleeful look over her shoulder. “And I am the only one that can use it.”
They soon approached the chamber’s door. Anya pushed it open with a vicious shove. Anya beckoned Astrid to follow. The familiar blue warmth encased the iron room and glistened on the thick-paned windows.
Anya peered into the chamber, her expression instantly souring. “Amaeya! You useless thing, clean that mess up!”
Amaeya’s wrinkled face was damp with tears. “Go to Hell!” She clutched at the distorted body in her arms and sobbed. “Merrick, no,” she said, whimpering over the corpse. How disgusting. Anya swooped down upon the old woman, her arm raised above her head. She felt a rough grip around her neck, jolting her from her feet. Astrid soon had Anya pinned to the floor.
“AHH! Let me go!” She kicked at Astrid, trying desperately to squirm free.
Astrid held a knife to her throat. “Not until you learn to behave!”
She spat in Astrid’s face. “He’ll kill you, you know! He’ll rip your soul right out of your chest!” Anya’s laugh flooded the chamber.
“I do believe she is correct.” Luthen stepped out from behind the Anvalin, careful to avoid touching its wrathful blue surface. Anya smiled at him, eager for blood to be split.
She saw Astrid flinch at the sound of his voice.
“Let her go,” he said, flicking his hand to the side. Astrid jerked upright, releasing Anya from her stony grip. “And off you go.” This time, his commands were directed at Anya.
“NO! I WANT TO SEE HER DIE!” Anya wailed as she fought against his enchantment. Amaeya jerked upright and followed her out the door. Luthen’s chill laughter floated up behind her, teasing her as she fought against her own body. Fanger and Maggot waited for her at the top of the steps with open arms.
“NO!”



Chapter Seven
Astrid felt the blast of energy long after it had hit. She slouched against the buckling wall, stunned from the blow. Luthen was upon her within seconds, his fiery breath misting on her cheek.
“Tell me, girl, do you remember me?”
She glared up at him. “You murdered my mother…” The words escaped her before realizing the weight of their truth.
“Yes. Your mother. Your father,” he said as if trying to recall the contents of a meal. “Your mother’s death was particularly satisfying.”
“And now you wish to kill me as well?” Astrid struggled to rise to her feet.
“Oh no, my dear. I have something I want to give you. A gift for our reunion,” he said, placing a single finger on her heaving chest. It felt like an icicle against her skin, chilling its way down into her heart. A numbing cold weighed down upon her. She felt her soul being smothered inside her own body. Luthen turned Astrid’s head by her chin just enough to leer down at her through his empty black eyes.
“When I first met you, I sensed a strength inside you, a sort of spark that only comes along every once in a while. I lusted for that spark, knowing the potential of such power.” He breathed the wretched words onto her skin.
“Then take it and be done with me!”
He laughed with his face twisting into a snarl. “Look me in the eyes, Astrid. They are dark and soulless. Just like how yours will be. You’ve been tainted by my power. With your potential and my magic, you will bring destruction to the world. There’s no use resisting once it’s started racing through your blood. It’s an infection. There is no cure. There is no hope. You can’t fight the darkness,” he said, jerking her face closer to his. 
Astrid stared past his twisted face. She watched Merrick’s blood mingle together with hers and seep through the rusting floor. Her thoughts wandered for a moment to memories of him that she had locked away. She was ripped away from them by the growing pain in her chest. Her heart felt like lead, dark and heavy with a sickly chill. The veins in her wrists darkened as if filled with ink.
“I’ll never become like you. I’d rather die.” Her voice was weak and distant, but her strength still burned deep within her blackening eyes.
Luthen scoffed at her reply and threw her face from his grasp. He paced back and forth before her like a captured predator daring his audience to stick their hands inside the cage. “Death has never been an obstacle for me. Do you honestly think it’ll stop me this time? Go ahead, die. It’ll make things so much easier for me. The more suffering the better.” He gnashed his teeth in a gruesome grin, a laugh bubbling deep within his throat.
Her vision dimmed. The world around her caved in, crushing her battered body beneath its weight. She clung to an iron column nearby the pulsing Anvalin, allowing the blue stone’s warmth embrace her, protecting her from the approaching darkness—then an idea sparked deep within her mind.
The Anvalin. Maybe I could get close enough to use it...
“You’re right…” she gathered the will to stand. “There’s no use fighting you anymore, my strength is gone.” She swallowed hard, pulling herself to her unsteady feet. Please let this work. “Take me. My will is yours.”
He seemed taken aback and stared hard at her. A twisted smile of disbelief snaked its way across his face. “My, my, what an interesting turn of events.” Luthen leapt to where she stood clutching the cold iron. His breath burned at her nose, reeking of death.
“How do I know you’re not trying to trick me, you pretty little thing?”
“If I was trying to trick you would I do this?” Astrid grabbed him by the collar and pulled him toward her, pressing her lips against his. She tried hard not to gag when his long, rotting tongue shot into her mouth. She turned him toward the Anvalin, her arms lashed around his neck. His body pressed up against hers. She could almost hear his lustful thoughts echoing inside her head. They stumbled together, getting closer to the great blue stone. His wicked hands crept like spiders on her skin. Astrid reached out a shaky hand and slipped it onto the surface of the Anvalin, just as she had seen Anya do. She felt the power jolt through her body and into Luthen. He pulled away, convulsing and screeching, his face contorted like a murdered corpse.
Tingling warmth crept over her body while the stone blazed blue in rhythm with her heart, quickly getting brighter and brighter. She fell against it, trying to keep herself from crumpling onto the floor.
“A bitch after my own heart!” His icy gaze glared down at her. “Death it is then.”
She didn’t see him pull out his wicked scythe from behind his back. He thrust its blade into her chest, pinning her to the gigantic stone behind her, twisting the jagged metal blade deeper and deeper until it finally stopped at the hilt. She could hear the muffled cracks and pops of splintering bone and shredding muscle as she struggled against the blade. Blood erupted into her lungs. It trickled down her chin and seeped from the crater in her chest. Her limbs hung numb and unflinching from her body despite her mind’s pleas. All she could feel was that strange warmth of the Anvalin, growing hotter and hotter. The warmth felt so peaceful that a withered smile fluttered across her ghostly face.
The Anvalin cracked, rumbling in its iron cage like thunder. The blue stone splintered in half, releasing the scythe’s blade from its surface. The ground gave a sudden lurch. Screams pierced inside the chamber from the war torn world outside. The city had begun to fall.
Her chest heaved against the metal for breath, her mouth spurting blood with each breath. “I will destroy you,” she said, letting the words hang in the air.
He howled as the floor rocked beneath him, running every which way to find some sort of escape. Finally, he stopped and stared at her, rage burning black in his eyes.
“I SHOULD HAVE KILLED YOU SOONER!”
She made a gurgling laugh. Her skin felt as if it were on fire. She didn’t notice the blue flames creeping along her body, crawling around her from the shattered Anvalin and pulling her deep into its exposed core.
Luthen’s screams melted away from her world. Astrid could no longer see the aged iron bars of the Anvalin’s chamber or even Merrick’s lifeless and mangled body. She was submerged into the Anvalin’s core like a babe in the womb. Ring clad fingers and gauntleted hands plucked the sword from her chest as if easily as removing a thorn from her finger. The Anvalin’s fire filled her lungs and trickled into every inch of her, twisting and jerking the pieces of her body until the skin on her chest and back laced together. Voices spoke, reciting words in a forgotten language. So many voices were melded together they sounded as though they were only one.
Then a face appeared, one Astrid recognized instantly.
“Mother—”
“—Hush, now. There is much to say and not enough time to speak,” she said, her hand appearing from the blue haze to brush back a piece of Astrid’s hair. “The world that your ancestors created is dying. The stone is broken. What we have tried to keep safe for generations has caused more danger than any enemy from the outside. We have become our own downfall. We have protected ourselves against the world we so feared that we have created our own evils. Luthen is the product of our ignorance. You, my daughter, must be our salvation.”
Astrid choked as tears overwhelmed her. “I am no one’s salvation. This is too much…”
Evanna’s eyes blazed. “Have I taught you nothing? Have you learned nothing? The city must fall. The people must learn suffering and pain. We will be strong again. But only through fire will we regain our strength. There is a greater evil than Luthen, a demon that will bring the destruction of worlds.”
“I don’t understand,” said Astrid. She suddenly felt as if she were being ripped from her sanctuary by the weight of the world.
“You will know where to go. We will guide you. Look to the sea.”
She fought to stay near her mother, swimming hard against the current of the Anvalin’s core. “Mother, don’t leave me!”
“Save us. Save us all.”
The core spilled onto the cracked tile floor, spitting out Astrid. Its warmth trickled away through the crevices of the stone leaving her body tingling with her own new found warmth. The chamber was empty except for Merrick’s hollow-eyed corpse. Luthen had fled. His heavy scent hung in the air like smoke though he was nowhere to be seen. The city suddenly gave another great heave, throwing Astrid up into the air.
She hobbled to her feet and hung her head out the window, searching the world outside. People ran frantic through the ragged stone streets—going mad, screaming, wailing, jumping from ledges or pushing others out of their way to find a safer grip. The city was tilting, dangling from the last threads of the Anvalin’s power.
A mighty gust and blur of red flashed before her eyes.
“Luka! You’re alive!” Astrid stood upon the chamber’s ledge, hanging by the warped metal frame.
“Of course I’m alive. It’s you I’m worried about,” he said, stretching his slender phoenix wings, preparing to catch a gust of wind with the twitch of his feathers. “Give me your hand! I have to get you out of here.”
Astrid hesitated, gazing at the hell around her.
“But the city—”
“—there’s nothing you can do! JUMP!”
She reluctantly sprung from the window and into his arms. The city grew small below her as another thunderous crack rattled the sky. It rocked as if the last cord had been cut. Astrid’s heart stopped as the city began its free fall.
“NO! LET ME GO!” She pounded and struggled. My people! What have I done? She could feel the fire of her ancestors burning inside her chest, begging to be released. “Trust me,” she whispered, the sudden calm shocking him enough for her to catch his gaze. “Please, let me go.”
Luka’s brow furrowed. Her gaze was reflected in his worried eyes. His hands slipped apart. She fell like a star through the clouds with arms spread. She felt a calm and power hotter than lightening burning throughout her body. Her fall slowed as she grew close to the city. Her skin was electrified with blue sparks and her eyes shone brighter than the sun. She could feel the weight of Alainia drag her down as she caught it in its descent, using up the Anvalin’s power to gently rest the city back into the earth. She pushed it away from the defenseless inner city of Limra toward its outer streets.The power drained from her like water, leaving her emptied body to spiral down to the black world below.


***


 “Wake up, Astrid. Please… wake up.”
She thought she could feel Luka’s clawed fingers caressing her cheek, but no matter how much she fought her eyes would not open. Her body felt as if it were drifting in a cold pool of water, blindly waiting to reach the surface. She reached out to his voice, fighting against the numbing darkness.
“Please,” he begged. “Don’t leave me.”
She could now feel the steam from his tears on her face. Astrid managed to open her eyes to a small sliver of the world. Snakes slithered against the gritty sand while the breeze whispered its secrets.
“Please, Astrid. I love you.”
Air exploded into her lungs as if she were breathing for the first time. Every gulp, every breath stung with the sweetness of a crisp summer night, a taste she had long forgotten.
He laughed and kissed her face as she struggled against his embrace to sit up. Her mind was spinning a web of questions. Everything around her seemed to be magnified. Rugged underbrush creaking in the breeze pounded in her head like thunder. Animals that had crept in the shadows of the night, usually unseen, stopped frozen in their tracks to meet her gaze. The distant smell of bloodied, burning flesh assaulted her nose.
“Astrid, what’s wrong?” He turned her head in his hands. “Astrid—your eyes…”
“My eyes?” Each word was a labor to her lips.
“They’re black. I don’t understand. They look like—his.” His large fiery eyes pleaded for an answer.
“Luka,” she said, trying not to meet his gaze, “I have to leave here.”
“Leave?” The feathers across face and neck stood on end. “After all you have done, all we have done? These people need you, especially now.”
“They don’t need me. They have Ethen and the clan. They have you—”
“—I need you! Don’t do this to me. Not now.” He pushed her away and stood with his wings unfurled, his gaze burning down at her. She hid her hurt even though she knew he had created a distance between them to keep from scorching her from his rage.
“Guide the survivors to our village where they can rejoin their kin. Alainia is forsaken. You must remind them of this. Their new life will be rough, but it is well worth their freedom.” Astrid pushed herself to her feet, trying to brush the distractions of the night aside in her mind.
She could feel his eyes on her. She could even hear his heart pounding hard in his chest. The sound of breath catching in his throat as he tried to find the words to say echoed in her head.
“I have to tell you one last thing, Luka, before I go…” Her breath rattled in her tightening throat, trying to fight back the tears. “Merrick, your father, and Ilsie… I’m afraid they’re—”
“—Dead,” he said, not in questioning, but almost in acceptance.
Astrid narrowed her eyes, confused. “How did you know?”
Luka turned away from her, trying to hide his rage. “It’s better this way.”
“How did you know?” She felt panic squeeze her throat. “Luka, what have you done?”
Luka spun around, towering over her. “You have no idea what he did to me, do you? He left me to die in that damned canyon. Luthen was right, he deserved to die. And Ilsie was just as wicked as he was.”
She felt her knees weaken. “Luthen?” Her chest heaved as she fought back her rage. “You and that—monster! How could you?”
Luka opened his mouth but the words escaped him. The feathers around his face flattened as his eyes dulled to a simmer. “I’m so sorry.” He kicked off the ground and soared into the air, leaving his empty words hanging in the air like the snap of a hangman’s noose.
His great blazing wings pounded into the night sky, leaving Astrid bound to the ruins of the earth below. She did not protest, or shake her fist at the desert sky. Nor did she spit at the crumbling city that lay in heaps around her.
“Luka!” Her voice howled into the empty air.
—I love you. 
Astrid’s eyes came crashing to the ground. Near her feet lay the wicked scythe that had once pierced her chest. She reached down and grasped it in her hands. It called to her. She could feel its power vibrating in her hands. As she turned it over in her grip, the scythe folded shut into a simple piece of metal.
Astrid clutched it close to her chest, longing for it to be Luka instead.


***


Look to the sea.
Those were the last words her dead mother had said.
She glanced over her shoulder. One last look, that’s all she wanted.
The salty air burned her throat. Or was it the long-forgotten pain slowly creeping back from the place she kept it locked so tightly away?
Memories blurred along with her vision. She held her eyes open, straining to hold back eager tears from tumbling down her cheeks.
There is nothing left for me here, she thought, turning back toward the waiting ship and away from the familiar rocky landscape. The Grand Sage would welcome the refugee Alainians into the village, just as the Phoenix Tribe had done with their elven ancestors all those years before. There was no need for queens in the Great Desert.
Astrid hadn’t even said goodbye to Ethen, knowing that if he knew of her plan he would never let her go.
The small vessel creaked as it swayed on the foamy water, tugging at the ropes that held it secure to the dock. The wood had once been painted black and trimmed in gold but had faded in the vicious sun. Flecks of yellow still shone in the deep crevices along the bow and sides. The sails were a faded green and looked like the sun-bleached fins of a dead fish. On the side was written  Jade Swan. This was indeed the saddest bird she had ever seen.
It wasn’t much. But it was an escape. It was freedom.
She pulled her hood over her face as she picked her way up the warping ramp onto the deck of the ship. There was no need to reveal her face just yet, not until she knew it was safe.
Sprawled out on the deck was a man with filthy canvas trousers. He was reclined against the main mast, a piece of straw sticking out the corner of his mouth, humming away like the drone of a honey bee. His bald head shone like glass in the morning light.
“I wasn’t expecting any visitors,” he said without opening his eyes. “I hope I don’t owe you money. Otherwise, I’m afraid I’m going to have to kill you and throw you overboard.”
“I was looking for the captain,” she said, her hand silently resting on the knife hidden inside the folds of her cloak. She had learned long ago it was better to take a warning seriously and be alive than to laugh off a threat and find yourself sinking to the bottom of the sea.
“And what makes you think I’m not the captain?” His angled eyes snapped open beneath his spider leg brows and glared at her.
“You don’t look big enough to be the cabin boy—”
The words slipped out before she could stop them. Maybe it was the heat that dulled her senses. Or maybe the urge to do whatever it took to leave this place.
The man sprang to his feet, huffing like an enraged bull. He stood with his hardened coal eyes leering at her. The top of his head barely reached her shoulder.
“WHY DON’T YOU COME DOWN HERE AND SAY THAT TO MY FAC—”
Suddenly, the doors to the main cabin slammed open. A slender tan face poked out the doorway with an irritated scowl. A band of red silk was tied around his forehead, pulling back clumps of greasy black hair from his face. He would have been handsome if it weren’t for the smudges of ink on his cheek and the glint of a hard life of suffering in his eyes.
“Junjie! What are you doing? Get back to work!” Their eyes met for a few seconds before Junjie succumbed to his captain’s will. He shot one last dirty look at her before scurrying up the mast.
The captain stepped out onto the deck, shielding his eyes for only a moment against the glare of the rising sun. His clothes weren’t quite exquisite, but did show he had taste and cared more for his personal appearance than he did his ship.
“You must be the latest addition to my merry crew. However, I regret to inform you that you’re services are no longer needed.” He dipped his head and rushed back to his cabin. She caught him by the shoulder. He stopped short, almost in shock. “I said,” he recoiled as if bitten by a snake, “you are no longer needed. Now take your leave!”
“Wait. I need this,” she said, pleading. She tried her best to keep her voice from catching in her throat. Instead it crackled like the dried wood beneath her feet.
She didn’t know if it was the desperation in her voice or a hidden weakness in the captain, but something had struck a nerve inside of him. He turned and faced her, his brow creased and his jaw jutted out like the hull of the Jade Swan.
“Why? What do you want so badly?” He reached up to lift the heavy cowl hiding her face. “What’s your name?”
“Astrid,” she said, letting the hood fall back against her shoulders. “I want to be free.”

Chapter Eight
I tore myself from his tale, ripping myself from the seams of my sanity. Rage exploded inside me as I threw by body back from his touch.
“Luka.” I breathe his name. I sink venom into it and gnash it against my barred teeth.
He hangs his head in defeat. “You always hate me. No matter how I tell you, you always hate me in the end.” He rises slowly from his seat. His icy blue eyes brim with sorrow, threatening to overflow and drown him. He reaches his hand out to me but I am faster. Instead my response is to strike him across the face.
We are both speechless in our pain.
Luka wipes the trickle of dark blue from his broken lip. “Please,” he says, begging now. “I’m not finished. There’s more I have to tell you, you must listen.” His words are weak. He is weary from fighting for so long.
“I’ve heard enough,” I say. My eyes strain to find a way out. A narrow black door stands out like a splinter in the vast white stone walls. “I want nothing more from this horrible place—or from you.”
I run for the door and push hard against the cold metal. I hear Luka running behind me, driving my legs to carry me faster. They carry me down an empty hall. My bare footsteps sound hollow against the perfect white stones beneath them.
Luka claws at my dress. The shimmering silk is caught by his grasp. It gives way with a painful rip. For the first time, I can fill my lungs completely. I leave him clutching the empty material and run with all my strength.
At the far end of the hall are two great doors made of twisted black metal. I slam into them, pushing them open with the force of my sprinting body.
Rust-filled air bites at my lungs. I find myself on an open terrace overlooking the monstrous city below. My stomach lurches at the vile smear of clouds above my head.
A figure in black stands overlooking the rotting city. Dark hair floats in the musty wind behind him, slipping from behind his slender, pointed ears. His skin is porcelain, perfect like the white palace stones.
He turns toward me and meets my gaze. His black eyes drive the breath from my lips. I know his face. It fills me with dread and fear. I feel the icy darkness of his stare seep into my frantic heart.
He shakes his head as he drags his eyes up and down my quivering body. “It seems you’ve been up to no good,” he says, flicking my hair from my face. “That won’t do at all.”
“My lord, I can explain,” Luka says. “She is having trouble forgetting. She’s strong-willed, that’s all.” He is panting as he sweeps into a quick, low bow. He hesitates, letting the lie settle in the air before continuing.
“Of course she is,” he says. He takes my face in his hand and stares into my eyes. “That’s why she’ll make a wonderful host for me to use. And why it’s also necessary to break her before I inhabit her.”
Luthen.
His name slithers into my mind. He is the reason for all the evil in my life. He is the reason why my body shakes with fury. My hatred burns red hot inside me.
“Ah,” he says. He senses my wrath. “I see you remember me. But tell me, do you remember everything I’ve done to you? Everyone I’ve killed? No? Maybe the ways I’ve abused you—”
I spit in his face and struggle to free myself from his grip, now tightly squeezing around my throat. I gasp as his hand closes tighter around my throat. Luthen laughs as I squirm, my mouth gaping and empty of breath. He finally throws me down onto the stone and turns to leave.
“I expect you to watch her more closely,” he says to Luka, “unless you prefer to watch me torture her… again.” His voice cuts through us like a sharpened blade.
Luthen leaves me feeling vile. I press myself against the silent, clean stone. My fire is drowned by the sorrow of what I’ve forgotten.
“Astrid,” says Luka, “please don’t slip away again.” He kneels down and scoops me up into his arms. “Please… please.”
I turn away from him and hide my face in the comfort of dark shimmering silk.
“Just let me die.”

About the Author

B.R. Nicholson has been writing and illustrating her stories since she was a child. The Shadows of Time series began one night when she was fifteen. Bored and with a bed stacked high with books, she decided to fill a notebook with what would become the first draft of Shadow Maiden. 
B.R. Nicholson is currently a nursing student at Western Carolina University in Cullowhee, North Carolina. 
Eager for more? Check out my blog at http://briana-rene-nicholson.blogspot.com/ and Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/ShadowsOfTimeSeries for artwork and updates about the series.

Thank you!

Preview from Shadow Kingdom


Nathaniel shook the water from his thick leather hood. His horse, Drifter, nudged Nathaniel’s head, whinnying anxiously over the sudden stop.
“Hush now my old friend. We wouldn’t want the sky to tumble down upon us, now would we?” Nathaniel could see Drifter’s gaze turn toward him. The horse hushed his whinnying. However, he continued to twitch his tail impatiently. “Lisbeth, hold the reins while I see if the path is clear.”
A small hunched-over bundle peered shuddered as a face peaked through from the hood. “Are you leaving us? What about the storm?” Her large eyes shone like coins in her small round face.
“Hush, child, you’ll startle Drifter with your whimpering. Now stay put. I’ll be back in but a moment,” he said in a deep rumble while he patted her on the leg. “The best thing you can do is to keep calm.”
Nathaniel turned and waded through the ankle deep mud down the unkempt mountain road. He didn’t bother picking his way through the muck like a chicken and risking losing a boot to the filth. He trudged through it, leaving two wide trenches behind him like wagon tracks. His strong legs kicked through the mud as if it were water in a stream.
The wind moaned as it bullied its way through the quaking trees. Naked limbs swayed and creaked, swollen with the weight of rain water. Branches lay haphazard across the road, but none big enough to inhibit their crossing.
Flashes of lightning illuminated his way. He could see parts of the road where crumbling black rock had fallen from the cliffs above, their shattered remains left to sink deep into the mud. He waited, listening for any signs of loosened rock. It would be risky, but the worst of the rockslide had seemed to have passed. Let’s pray lightning chooses not to strike twice tonight, he thought, yanking one leg free to turn around and trudge back to his small shivering sister.
Nathaniel and Lisbeth had been alone for what had been almost all of her life and at least half of his. He remembered, years ago, being a part of a family, having both a mother and father, but those memories seemed faded and locked away in a shroud of dust. The only time Nathaniel left for remembering their former life was once a year, on the day of their death, when he would take young, innocent Lisbeth to visit the place where their parents had been condemned by the people they called friend and burned alive. He could still see his mother and father’s contorted faces, writhing in pain and anguish, blurred by the hungry flames and the tears in his eyes.
Today is your anniversary, he thought, the thunder was muffled in his ears as he pushed forward, the rest of the world numb. For twelve years I’ve come and remembered you. Why must tonight be different?
His foot stopped dead, thudding against something solid half encased in mud. He looked down, his thoughts scattered like brittle autumn leaves.
Nathaniel reached out his hand to inspect what he had found. It didn’t look like a piece of rock, but his eyes were deceptive in the varying light. His fingers touched rough leather. He retracted, thinking maybe he had come across a fallen animal, maybe a wild boar that had lost its way far above in the jagged cliffs.
Lightning streaked across the sky far above his head, flooding the forest path with an explosion of light. A white face shone through the mud in that brief moment. Nathaniel’s heart leapt to his throat as he weakened and fell to his knees. His giant muscular hands tore the limp body from the sticky mud. He propped the body up in his arms, cradling it against the pounding rain like a child.
Nathaniel looked into the pale face, studying the angles and curves, the half-lidded eyes, the round blue-tinged lips. It was strangely calm and beautiful. He waited for breath. He pressed his ear to her still chest as the storm around him stood still.
One beat, that’s all I ask. Give me a sign, he thought, his body shivering and drained from any warmth. No one deserves to die like this.
He waited, his own heart pausing to listen. He was only greeted by silence.
Nathaniel lowered her, holding her battered body close to his broad chest.
“I don’t know who you were, but I’m sorry your life ended here. I’ll make sure you’re laid to rest somewhere peaceful,” he said, his voice thin and lost on the howling wind.
The pounding of hooves on the road ahead roused his attention from the corpse in his arms. Drifter burst into his sight, head flailing and nostrils flared. Streaks of blood glistened from wounds on the horse’s body. Lightning flashed and the breath from Nathaniel’s lips was stolen. Drifter’s saddle was empty. Lisbeth was gone.
“Lisbeth! LISBETH!” He bellowed her name, roaring until his voice cracked. Without hesitation, he hung the body over Drifter’s shoulders and hefted himself up, swinging his leg over the saddle. He grabbed the reins and turned the horse around. Drifter was immediately calmed by his master’s touch and sped away with only a tap of Nathaniel’s heel.
What had seemed like miles to Nathaniel as he forced his way through the deepening mud went by in mere seconds atop the mighty beast. He soon saw the familiar clearing and pulled hard on the reins. The small field was barren with the exception of a number of small craters he guess to be footprints left behind from Lisbeth’s captors.
Nathaniel roared, rearing his horse high and stomping the hooves deep into the mud. He had always feared this, his fear driving them to live deep in the mountains, away from the ignorance of the villages, away from where they could be hunted.
He peered down from his seat and followed the prints with his hardened gaze. They veered away from the mountain road and toward the main road that led straight into the village.
