

ShadowGod and the age of Kings
By Dean Kratzmeyer
Published by Dean Kratzmeyer at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Dean Kratzmeyer



License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard
work of this author.

Table of Contents

1. Voices From The Dark
2. The Witch of Endor
3. A Throne Forsaken
4. The Giant of Elah
5. The Journey Home
6. The Towers of Dread
7. The Fugitive of Keilah
8. The Silent Hills of Gilboa
9. With Sword and Staff
10. A Mountain Full of Visions
11. Of Things Pertaining to Blood and Sorrow
12. The Blue Chasm
13. Sire, it is the Plague!
14. Age of Tranquility


Introduction
Few stories have so enthralled the common imagination or transcended generational and ethnic lines throughout the ages as the account of King David. It is the great story of all time and its charm has never been tarnished or diminished. 
Every generation deserves its own contemporized presentation of this narrative. It is a story that refuses to grow old. Though the dust of ages may rest upon it, when that dust is brushed aside, the account is as fresh as the morning dew. Woven with the basic fabric of human nature – love, sorrow, triumph, and treachery, it speaks deeper than race or creed and whispers to the very depths of the human spirit!
ShadowGod – and the Age of Kings strives to present the life of David in a way that would be in keeping with contemporary storytelling and yet maintain the deep sense of reverence that it so much deserves. It has been a sacred work and one that I have handled with the utmost veneration and respect. 
The endeavor to summon the great names of yesterday back from the dead and let them play out their splendid lives once again upon the stage of life for our benefit has been no small undertaking. Great effort has been exerted to avoid so much as a hint of denigration and I have undertaken the work not without a little reservation.
ShadowGod is, at least in part, a fantasy. Not the central story itself, of course, but those realms that I have introduced as being imaginary. Those have been set forth to present what is, to many of us, a spiritual reality. With that said, there are a few things I would encourage my readers to keep in mind as they make there way through the story. 
First of all, please bear in mind that once we leave the realm of the seeable, all things become interpretable to everyone at least somewhat differently. Therefore, I would not apply such a wide definition to the term fantasy as to interpret ShadowGod as being overly fantastical, much less bizarre or whimsical. It is not. It illustrates worlds unseen, but those worlds, in themselves, are not at all outside the scope of the believable and are implied and even forthrightly taught in scripture. Upon that premise, the work has been written and is now offered. The attempt has been to put flesh and blood upon what, beforehand, is only a concept or tenet of theology. May my readers bear that in mind and allow me the broadest measure of latitude in my effort to present a world that, to me, is very real, though unseen.
Fantasy, in itself, does not, by necessity, imply fiction. The idea of fiction, of course, carries with it the connotation of something having taken place outside true events. However, fantasy can encompass the real and true, though it may represent a realm that, as humans, we do not have the power to fully comprehend. In a case such as that, fantasy may be properly employed to symbolize ideas that we hold to be true. 
With this in mind I have summoned my best efforts to offer a narrative with, hopefully, a high degree of readability while, at the same time, remaining true to the essential message. It has been my foremost desire to delineate, to hold up for our careful observation, the full range of experience, indeed, the human struggle as it dramatically unfolds in the remarkable lives of these outstanding characters from the past. Without question, what has made the account of the life of David such a cherished story has been the testing he withstood under the most adverse circumstances, the strivings of a heart pushed to the limits of human endurance where the soul of one man was stripped of everything except the most essential elements of trust. 
In an age of hero-worship may the hero again become the man who has so utterly put his life and trust in God that, though the roaring waves of adversity crash down about him, and the blazing flames of temptation leap up all around, his heart remains utterly fixed for all time. Such is the astonishing portrayal of the life of King David. 
ShadowGod endeavors to tear away the invisible drapes that serve to hide from our eyes the true nature, the width and depth, of what really took place in the narrative conveyed to us within the margins of only a few pages of the holy writ. Indeed, if one reads it hurriedly, so much of its reality can suffer complete and utter lack of recognition, its sacred realities never comprehended.
The story itself is incredibly rich with the embodiment, on both a small and grand scale, of the age-old struggle between good and evil as we all vaguely comprehend it within the boundaries of this finite plain of existence upon which we presently abide. 
Can our eyes be truly opened for just the briefest of moments to comprehend all that transpired on the pages of history in that little corner of the world where milk and honey flowed? There men with extraordinary belief dominated the stage; men of giant faith, players that could look past the vale, stout hearts, warriors unencumbered by all the modern trappings of intellectual definitions and summations concerning the reality of the greater forces.
In this narrative what would seem like insurmountable opposition from every quarter imaginable was confronted. The Satanic world represented in the Towers of Dread and the Wilderness of Zin, with all its heinous objectives, were ever present. The blustering wings of the demonic Sabari, Ha-Satan himself, treachery, fiendish schemes blacker and more sinister than our ability to grasp, were a constant. Still, where these roaring breakers of antagonism - imperiled and obscured the very hope of the soul, where the impending dangers, hostilities and obstacles were heaped up higher than the mountains surrounding Jerusalem, one man stood to defy all the crushing opposition, In doing so, he inscribed what was anything but a footnote upon the pages of eternity, but rather a blazing and compelling beacon, an enduring and monumental testimony to a God who never fails those who put their unreserved trust in Him.
What a magnificent selection of similar characters accompanied the King within the unfolding drama upon the platform of hillsides, hovels and prairies surrounding Jerusalem! In ShadowGod others are also given the full range of credibility and honor that their inspiring lives so deeply deserve. Nathan, the prophet, and Kezmin, his everlasting love. Abishai, the King’s faithful companion, the wretched Doeg, Absalom, the King’s son, and even the treacherous King Saul. There are other characters as well that grace the pages of this novel. Tarkan, the arch-demon, Matriaca, the wizard of Damascus. Dakababus, the evil, and Azarias, the naïve, along with many more. 
And then there is Messiah! And, though possibly and seemingly purposefully obscured in the original account, it is a theme that threads its way throughout the whole of the narrative. All the anticipations and longings that Messiah projects into the future for man, the vital message of hope to every person striving to believe in the one ultimate hope, are exemplified, implied and projected upon these pages. In the biblical writing of the account that this story holds up before its reader, plainly, Messiah is symbolized and repeatedly depicted. I believe the purpose for this is that the ends of the world might read with rapt attention and comprehend that there is much more to our faith than cold catechisms and, certainly, a final culmination that makes the myth of harp in hand melt away to give place to a thrilling and incomparable revelation. That is to say, that all things are created by Him and for Him and, because of our kinship with Him who is Messiah, the pleasures of a future transformation of all things are also reflected here and leave us to crave the age that eye has not seen nor heart perceived! All of this is, to me, the true rendering of the story of King David. May the book, then, be sent forth with this in mind and be, at least to some degree, a balm of joy unspeakable, which is full of the glory! 



Chapter One
Voices From the Dark
"For the Lord God does nothing without revealing his secret to his servants the Prophets. Amos 3:7

The cave was little more than a shallow recess between two natural heaps of stone arched by an outcrop of rugged rock. While it did not extend a great distance into the hillside, a grown man could still lie down and find that his entire body was protected beneath the craggy ceiling. The ground rose up level at its mouth and reached out for five or six paces to form a kind of natural entryway. A fair number of black boulders were there, scattered about and seated firmly, some of them were half the size of a man. Their presence assured a significant wind shield against any gathering storm. 
The rain grew steady outside as it pelted the ground, some of it splashing and splattering on the rocky floor of the shelter's opening. High above the cave's mouth small bubbling brooks of water traveled down through the roots of twisted Acasia brush and gathered into shallow pools on the surrounding earth, some of them reaching nearly into the cave's doorway. 
All over the mountainside there were groves of large oak trees and between these were sizeable regions of saplings and brush that, together, blanketed the whole area with a dense covering.
Though autumn had already begun to shroud the earth with an infusion of yellow and brown, there was still much lush green growth as well. The various shades of mingled color were now awash with the enlivening deluge of water, leaving all to shimmer in the diminishing light.
The rain fell unabated, its sound soft and lulling. Evening was creeping quickly over the vicinity and, in its twilight, a stone-circled fire already flung sheer reflections of mixed orange and black shadows onto the dark walls of the small enclosure. 
At the far wall and near the front of the cave a traveler was seated, resting against the solid rock it provided. He had found shelter from the threatening storm in this small retreat and had prepared to spend the night within her protective confines.
A black cloak covered most of his body and helped shield him from the invading dampness, the top edge of the hood falling gently across the upper part of his face. The cloak was made of thick wool, dyed a severe black. Its weave was heavy and it showed little or no wear. A weathered leather bag lay at his side. From this he had taken his simple evening meal - two wheat cakes covered with honey and a few pieces of dried ox meat. He also had a handful of dried figs to sum up his dinner as well as a fresh flask of goat's milk that he had obtained earlier in the day. Some of the fragments and crumbs still lay between him and the fire where he had eaten it hurriedly, wishing only to finish and pull his cloak close for a restful slumber, his body being exceedingly weary from a long day of walking. 
It had taken him more than four days of hard traveling to arrive here. He had hoped to reach Gilboa this evening but the storm interrupted his progress. Still, hopefully he could be there in only a few hours after the first morning light, especially with a good night of sleep behind him.
Having had no room in the pouch for an extra blanket and not wishing to encumber himself with anything that could possibly be omitted, the man had nothing but his heavy cloak to serve for bedding. Finishing the simple meal, he leaned back against the wall of the cave, seeking out a comfortable position and then pulled the heavy fabric up close, allowing the occasional wisp of heat carried from the fire to help warm him. He would sit here for a few moments while allowing the fire to burn down and think about the events of the last several days. 
As he sat looking into the fire, his thoughts seemed to drift back once again to the events of yesterday morning, his visit to Shechem and the girl, Kezmin, whom he had met at the city market. For a few moments his mind lingered there, as he relived that pleasant but rather unexpected affair.
Truthfully, images of the brief meeting had continued to reappear in his mind throughout yesterday and today both while hastening along the roads leading into the foothills. There was no question in his heart that he had been struck differently by this girl than any before her. And now, as he lay back comfortably looking into the glow of the burning fire, they appeared yet again! Pulling his cloak even closer to his body, he now reflected on that morning's events in detail, retracing every step and deed, carefully recapturing the girl's image, her graceful words and actions. For a moment he was back in the southern part of the city and entering one of the markets located there. Sunlight, having just broken upon the horizon, stretched out its first long spikes of golden rays upon the clearing that served as a thoroughfare through the heart of the marketplace.
The chill had lifted and he had pushed the hood of his cloak back to rest on his neck and was enjoying the fresh morning air. It was a thing he loved to do, visiting the bustling morning markets of each city he passed through - the many voices often mixed with laughter, the animals, and certainly the aroma of hot rolls and honey being cooked in the small ovens of nearly every market he had visited. It always made a pleasant impression on him. Quickly he made his way through the crowd to find the first seller of fruit and there he stood examining what was offered. 
"Are you interested in some fruit? The apples and figs were delivered yesterday from upper Manasseh. They were picked fresh from the trees just two days ago!" Having been examining the fruits closely he did not hear anyone approach and, when he looked up, it was into the pleasant face of a girl about his own age. Her smile was equally as pleasing and her voice had an almost joyful edge to it, instantly putting him at ease. 
"I ah . . . I am a traveler and I only wish to buy one or two apples and a handful of figs."
"You are a stranger to our city, then. If you will not be offended, I will just give you the items with my uncle's blessing. He still believes in the old ways." The girl handed him two of the best apples and two full clusters of figs. 
"Thank you. You are kind, and I am very grateful," his own face lighting up with youthful pleasantness. "I will have enough figs to add to my dinner for several nights! May the God of our fathers bless you . . . and your uncle!"
The last three words he added hastily as if wishing to divert attention from the fact that he may have appeared over appreciative, or more likely, perhaps more or less enchanted with his seller. He reached for the fruit and placed it carefully down into his bag. While he did so, the girl took the opportunity to examine him for a slight moment. Somewhat tall and striking in appearance, his youthful face appealed to her right off. It reflected a certain innocence, and, yet, at the same time, a look of conviction. "If you are a traveler, then may I ask your destination?"
"Mount Gilboa!" The youth replied with a rather sober expression. 
"Ah yes, the battle! All of us here have made as much preparation as possible but I can tell that my uncle is very worried. They say that the Philistines have amassed a great army and that our King could be vastly outnumbered! There is talk here that if he retreats there could be an invasion of our land, although most think they will turn their attention to Gilead across the river and leave the mountain villagers alone. Still, many of the merchants did not show up this morning and others plan on leaving early, being safe I suppose.” She ended her words with a slight sigh.
"Yes, I too heard word yesterday that Charmaca, the Philistine General, has gathered his men just west of Megiddo and will be bringing them up to Gilboa very soon. Our King hopes to engage them on the eastern side of the valley. At least your city and the outlying villages will have some warning if they do progress in this direction. It would take them a day or two to get here, but I am sure it will never come to that!"
"Yes, that is why my uncle, like many of the others, decided to come on to market, but what of you, traveler? With these fearful reports, why do you venture to Gilboa?
"Fearful reports? I am not sure it is our business to heed fearful reports. I feel certain that our God would never allow his anointed King to suffer humiliation or failure.” The young man spoke rather hastily but only realized it after the words were out of his mouth. He hesitated for a moment as if placing himself on guard against any more outbursts. Then he quickly spoke again, hoping to smooth out any misapprehension. 
"Ah . . . please don't think my words are meant to be rude, and it is not my wish to contend, I only desire to uphold the honor of our God!"
The young man's manner was pleasing to the girl. His voice was somewhat soft and rather belied his strong nature. It appealed to her even more when, as he finished this unintentional outburst, he dropped his gaze for a moment to the ground and then raised his face with a slightly shy smile that, as she perceived, was just as instant as the outburst! 
"Besides," he continued perhaps with a bit less eagerness, "I have heard the word of the Lord. I am to see the battle." The words were spoken with reserve, not boastfully in the least. Nevertheless, as soon as they fell from his lips, he quickly took on a guarded stance, his countenance now returning an expressionless appearance, as if he were somewhat accustomed to depreciating replies! The young man looked at the girl as if he wished he had not added the last part of his words either. In fact, for a moment he was wishing he had not spoken at all of the matter, and chided himself for doing so. Lately it seemed like he was making a practice of saying the wrong things at the wrong time!
She looked at him a long while, her eyes searching his face. "You heard the word of the Lord." She paused, "As ah . . . Samuel the Prophet, hears the word of the Lord?" The tone of questioning lingered heavily in the air as she uttered the words.
The young man's face turned slightly red and, for a moment, he looked down to the earth once again and ever so lightly, he unconsciously rubbed the toe of his sandal into the sand. In a moment he replied, but not before a small sigh escaped him. "In the same manner, yes!" 
There was another, longer, pause. "You are a Prophet then?" The girl asked hesitantly.
"It has pleased the Lord to show his servant dreams and visions and that is all I can say. I would not speculate on the Lord's doings even concerning my own life. I only know that He spoke to me that I should see the battle at Gilboa, so I am making my way there." 
After a long moment of hesitation, as if she had to weigh the matter out carefully, the girl abruptly smiled broadly and began to speak again. "What is your name then, Prophet of the Lord?" She said, partly laughing, but in absolute good humor. 
The young man could hear the pleasantness return to her voice and he laughed as well. "My name is Nathan and I am of the house of Dirytica of Bethel. I am a Benjamite and I own it proudly. And, may I ask yours?" The young man inquired. 
"My name is Kezmin of the House of Johanan of Shechem!"

While his recollections of that morning were pleasant, he was also very weary and he leaned his back against the wall, his legs spread out toward the fire and, for a moment, he held his staff upright, getting ready to stoke the small, burning logs into the blaze. Staring a long while into the colorful embers, he sought to clear his mind of all thoughts and prepare to rest. But, as he sat thinking, a strange apprehension concerning the next morning's battle and its outcome seemed to suddenly press itself upon his mind with shadowy forebodings. While sitting there with the flames reflecting a soft orange hue across his face, ever so slowly his countenance began to alter. 
His eyes, now fixed on the sparkling coals, took on a more distant appearance. The look of his face slowly evolved to reflect much more anxious emotions while his hands gripped the staff more powerfully with each passing moment.
Somewhere from out of the blackness surrounding the cave the faintest of whispers began to invade his mind, their intensity growing with rapidity. The Prophet's eyes, however, remained fixed and all movement had ceased. The whispers grew eerie, mingled with muttering and these soon became terrifying cries, ominous and frightful! Yet the man did not move! A shadow of terror was creeping over his face and his fingers pressed hard against the staff. Even in the cool, sweat ran down his cheeks and neck. His body trembled and shook while he breathed in gasping irregularity. As the moments fled by, his face began to twist and his eyes spread wide open. The atmosphere about him changed and he was soon enveloped in a cloud of desolation as he sat motionless and numb.
Then, with great suddenness, all things about him were instantly transformed! It was as if he had been sucked upward and torn away from his place, the cave and all his surroundings disappeared and he found himself in the clear blue skies of day. For him it was morning before morning had come. Suddenly, without mental summoning or volition . . . he knew! He knew without questioning just where he was! He was with the King at Gilboa, upon her very fields of death now spread wide below him, furiously engulfed in battle. Line upon line of Philistine soldiers pressed the Hebrews back toward the rising hills. The enemy marched hard in unbroken ranks of defiance. Israel was scattered and retreated back into the hills of Mount Gilboa. Many men resisted to the death, yet the Philistine ranks continued to advance like a crushing machine, without hesitation or dent. 
The Prophet's gaze swept over their masses, and the scene that his eyes fell upon filled his mind with horror and dread! Closely he examined, trying to understand the happenings on which his eyes were fixed! There, mingling among the Philistine warriors, was a thick, dark cloud, at first nearly transparent, but rapidly taking form. It was like a sea of gnats, as black as coal and, yet, as the Prophet looked on, the cloud seemed to take up motions within itself. As he studied the scene with astonishment, the swarm separated itself into a multitude of individual forms behind each of the Philistine soldiers, as if the shadows of each man had risen from the ground and loomed behind him, independent of his own movement, each with a ghastly face and black, shadowy arms mindlessly flaying the air in a mad flurry of insane motions. They were multitudes of black spirits that saturated the ranks of Philistia!
Howls and screams of piercing intensity filled the air and the Prophet's spirit drew back with horrid fear, wishing only to tear his eyes away from the terrifying scene unfolding before him. He could hear their insidious voices, too. Groans and muttering, pregnant with pernicious intentions! Beastly whispers corrupt and dripping with malevolent suggestion! Like wind on a blazing fire the forms urged the enemy forces on, their voices not heard but their horrid and wicked suggestions penetrating each soldier's heart and soul!
The field was a tumultuous ocean of battle. As the young man looked on, crashing violence surrounded and assaulted him from all quarters! Blasting horns from the enemy's lines pieced his ears. Screaming men and horses, clanging swords and spears, chariots bursting against chariot with snapping, splintering discharge where men lay dying, soaking the earth with their life's blood! 
The whole valley shook with the pounding of marching ranks. With wave after wave of Philistine soldiers, like the sands of the sea, like vast hordes of locust, stamping and roaring with rage undeterred, with unbroken determination, relentless in this one quest, this one resolve - crush, devour, decimate Israel once and for all
Then, just as quickly as he had come to this place, the Prophet's gaze turned and he was being swept away over the vast field. High above the deathly scenes he was lifted and, just as quickly, all the sounds of the battle were silenced as if slowly sucked away into a deep abyss. Deathly quiet surrounded him as he hovered, being carried to the hinder area of the battle. 
There he saw the King glancing over the field, a look of utter dismay on his face. Before him his own soldiers were breaking up as they were being hard pressed by the unimpeded Philistines. Three prominent figures were nearby. Each one was in a death struggle, each was surrounded by enemies like ravenous wolves seeking to tear at them and bring them down to the sod. The Seer knew them well - the sons of King Saul!
Rapidly his eyes passed from this to a scene still further back in a small clearing in the woods where two soldiers of the special guard stood before a royal chariot, its horse grazing on small bits of grass and root. It was the chariot of a King, framed with polished wood and overlaid with the finest ivory, its edge carefully crafted with finely beaten silver and gold. The floor was a deep cushion of softly beaten ox leather dyed a deep red. The horse himself - a great Arabian stallion.
There the scene unfolded as the young Seer watched. It was as if time rushed ahead in its course. As if time took haste and fled speedily forward like a wave of the sea when it breaks upon the shore and rushes forth rapidly inward onto the earth. The sun accelerated its course, the shadows, too, in rapid transition carried out, in their natural paths, their progress in just moments, so that the day passed in little more than an instant and, yet, the chariot stayed unmoved. 
It was an illustrious coach, designed to carry a glorious monarch through the streets where the daughters of Israel would sing and chant and praise, where great crowds would shout the acclaim of their glorious King and laud his mighty deeds. But, alas, the true destiny of events would never unfold into such splendor. Somehow the chariot's owner never returned, never lifted the reins to shake them with his own kingly touch, never cried out his royal dispatch. Never rolled lightly and triumphantly across the earth in glorious parade. Instead, as the day waned, the magnificent coach stood, hidden, secluded . . . lonely.
Even as his vision began to fade, the Prophet struggled to grasp all its meaning, to comprehend. His mind filled with a crushing flood of emotion, his soul staggering in confusion. The light disappeared, giving way to darkness once again. On his ears fell the soft crackling of the fire and its dispersing hues of orange and yellow.
He gasped and jerked upward as if waking from a night terror. Quickly he rose up and shook himself, letting his staff fall to the rocky floor and staggered to the mouth of the cave where a light drizzle of rain still continued to fall. 
It was now a face of sorrow that peered out from under the grey hood, a countenance filled with unquenchable grief and anguish. Against the glow of firelight his fingers looked long and bony as they first sought to cover his face and then traveled to the back of his head giving unconscious heed to a world of inner turmoil. A sob fought its way to his lips and, as his body shook, he threw his head back and lifted his hands into the heavens, his fingers folding into fists as he cried out with a voice tearing its way free of a heart filled with grief, his words reverberating against the rocks into the bleak darkness. . 
 
"NOT SO, OH GOD OF ISRAEL . . . NOT SO!"



Chapter Two
The Witch of Endor

'As surely as I live, declares the Sovereign Lord, I take no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that they turn from their ways and live. Ezekiel 33:11

Saul was just a young man when first introduced to the Prophet Samuel. It was a meeting he would never forget. The recollection of it stood out in his mind nearly as vividly today as when it actually took place nearly fifty years ago! How simple his life had once been! How he longed now to return to those casual days of youth. Life then had little complexity and as he recalled those times to mind, he remembered being truly carefree and content. The wearied king could not help thinking back and wondering what would the future have been like had he never gone searching for those few lost mules. 
A smile had almost crept over his tired face for a moment as his memories also ran back to thoughts of his father's servant, Jeshua. The pleasant contemplations allowed a bit of relief from the troubles that presently plagued him. 
The King had been waiting on the priest to return and was standing just inside the tabernacle's doorway where he had paced the distance of its wide stone entrance repeatedly. Frustration at the Holy Man's delay slowly gave way to resignation as Saul allowed his mind to drift back to more pleasant times. 
Stepping to the stone window, he looked out for a moment at the sun as it began to set in the west and allowed his weary mind a moment's escape by thinking back to those early and pleasant years. 
Jeshua was his father's servant but was not really much older than Saul. To be more precise, he was the son of one of his father's servants. They were both just boys in many ways at that time, childhood friends, and very close in the early years. 
It happened that some mules had gone missing and Kish, his father, had instructed him to take one of the servants and go looking for them. Of course Saul would choose Jeshua. They had always done things together so far back, in fact, that Saul could not recall the first time he had laid eyes on the other boy.
The King was distracted from his reminiscing by a noise behind him and looked back over his shoulder, thinking the priest was returning with his readings from the Urim and Thimin, the sacred stones, that he was consulting in his, the King's, place. But it was only the wind shuffling the outer curtains of the doorway. 
Turning back to gaze out the window, the King continued his recollections. For those brief moments of time, he lost track of all that was happening around him as his thoughts dove deeper into his youthful years. In his mind's eye, he could still see them spreading out their heavy quilts on a deep blanket of freshly fallen leaves where, close by, they had raked a sufficient clearing and kindled a small fire. On this they had roasted a rabbit and eaten it for dinner along with the last of Jeshua, as he so often did, sat close by the flames and played his lyre; a soft but happy song, one their raisin cakes. It was easy to visualize them now as they relaxed around the fire's warmth. which Saul had listened to his young friend play many times. 
How often they had scurried these deep woods in search of rabbit, quail and other small game in the years that they were growing up together. Even when younger they came here and often stayed for two, sometimes three nights at a time. 
Jeshua was a playful sort and entertained Saul very often with his on the spot games and imaginary stories. Even now he could almost hear his laughter ringing through the trees and filling the woods with its own special enchanting tones!
The reflection foremost in the kings mind, however, were the days they searched together for his father's lost animals. It was to be the last time they spent together in the woods and it represented a short period of his life which would come to be, in his mind, a great pivot dividing his childhood from his future life. How he cherished all those memories! 
Continuing his reminiscing, Saul could still see the young servant lay down his flute and slip underneath his blanket. The fire was nearly gone. "We must return in the morning to my father's house,” Saul told him. “Almost certainly he has stopped worrying about the mules and is now worried about us. We must return, but my father is going to be sore displeased about losing his best mules. I wish I were not the one to have to tell him." Saul shrugged as he threw one last small log on the fire and slipped under his heavy blanket as well. 
"Wait!" Jeshua suddenly interjected, "Why did I not think? I know what we can do!” The young servant had risen up partly off the ground and his face was lit up with a look of excitement. "We can go to the Seer at Ramah. His house is so close now that we could be there in less than an hour past light!"
"The Seer of Ramah? I don't know such a man! Who are you talking about?"
"You know, Samuel the Prophet! He leads in all the great affairs at Mizphet and Shiloh. Often he wears a great white robe and all Israel looks up to him with great reverence! I can't believe that you do not know of whom I speak!” Jeshua looked astonished. 
"Well, the feasts have many things to keep my attention on other than old men leading in long and boring ceremonies, Jeshua. After all, there are prettier things to look at, but, of course, you and your flute would know nothing of that." He threw a small stick playfully at his companion, nearly hitting the boy on his head. They both laughed. 
"I look at pretty things, too,” he quipped, but there is no man like the great Sage of Ramah. I tell you, this is no ordinary man, and he hears the voice of God!”
"Well, I respect that," Saul replied. "I understand these things better than you think. In the morning, then, we will go to the Seer, and I hope you are right in thinking he can help me find the mules. I would certainly rather return home with them if that is at all possible!"
While listening to the peaceful crackling of the fire, they both lay back down on their beds, mumbling goodnight to each other and soon fell asleep. 

Saul had never been to Ramah and was rather startled at its nearly arcane appearance. The city sat against a rather fast rising mountain side and was very compact, unlike so many cities of Israel which are greatly spread out over the countryside. 
The city’s stone walls were somewhat high and the gate was made of extremely heavy wooden timbers with arches of ancient and decorative woodwork. How strange, if not mystical, the city appeared to Saul, but, nonetheless, he loved it at once. When they had arrived at the city's gates there was a group of girls there drawing up their clay pots from a sizeable cistern of water. 
While still at a distance, Saul lifted up his hand, indicating that they should pause their walking for a moment. He looked for some time from one lovely face to another and then smiled broadly at Jeshua and offered playfully, "Stand still, Jeshua, and watch someone who has learned the art of winning a girl's heart in short time. My father says that I could charm a cobra, and who knows me better than my father. Since I need to inquire of the Seer anyway, what better way to introduce myself? We can ask for their help in locating him!"
Jeshua rolled his eyes ever so slightly as he shook his head but Saul was completely unaware of it, being fairly absorbed in the scene presenting itself only a short ways before them. The two made their way to the well and it was Saul that began to speak first. "Perhaps one of you could tell us where we might find the Seer of Ramah. Is he in your city at this time?" Saul spoke with a slight smile and waited for a reply. 
The girl who seemed to be the oldest never looked away from her chore of lifting the small clay pot out of the water and pouring it into the larger vessels which they carried with them. "Yes, he is in the city today. The Prophet passed here only a few moments earlier." 
Her voice was soft and gentle and Saul gazed for a long while at her comely face. Nonetheless, she had answered very matter of fact and, for the most part, was paying the two strangers little attention. 
Saul, however, was not daunted but carried on his conversing with her. "Perhaps we could return with you and you might be so kind as to point out his dwelling to us. 
"If you hurry you can catch up with him. As I said, he just left here only moments ago and waiting for us would only lessen your chance of overtaking him before he goes up to sacrifice!” She replied again, making the very slightest effort to smile yet with a great overtone suggesting that he leave them to their work.
Saul, being somewhat abashed by the girl’s lack of interest, turned away but not before thanking her for her assistance. As he and Jeshua gained some distance between themselves and the company of girls Saul could not help breaking the uncomfortable silence. "I could tell she liked me, she just didn't want to show it in the presence of the others!" His voice had a somewhat subdued edge to it. 
"Yes," Jeshua replied in a quiet tone, glancing back at the girl once. "I wonder if her heart will ever recover!” He smiled down at the ground. 
Saul stopped in his tracks for an instance and then suddenly reaching out his arm. He playfully rapped Jeshua on the back of his head as the boy jumped to escape his hand. "I could still teach you a thing or two about meeting girls."
"Yes I can see you are the master of romance!” They both laughed and picked up their pace as they prepared to enter the city. 
Their first steps past the gates led them into a rather crowded area. In fact, soon they found themselves having to fight their way through the people in order to make substantial progress. The city street presented a climb as this part of the village set on a rather steep hillside. Nonetheless, they slowly made their way forward, trying to see if they could catch the Seer before he was too lost in the crowd. 
All at once he appeared, but not as they were expecting. Both Saul and Jeshua knew the Seer instantly the moment they laid eyes on him. The older man was tall and wore a robe of pure white with a deep red sash tied around its center. His beard was not white but it was graying as was his hair. Somewhat alarming to the both of them was the fact that the eminent Prophet was now looking directly at them with his eyes particularly fixed on Saul. Surrounding the Holy man was a group of five or six other men and they, too, had halted and were watching the two boys make their way up the street and, more specifically, up toward themselves. 
"You are Saul, are you not?" The Prophet called out to them while they were still a good distance away. 
Saul then halted and, after looking behind him to make sure it was he that was being addressed, he replied. "I am Saul, Master!"
"Very well! I am Samuel and I dreamed a dream about you last night. You are to feast with me this day!” The Sage stated it like the world had halted and was listening and, indeed, many were, for the man of God had great importance in the city and, for that matter, in all of Israel he was held in great honor as Saul would come to learn in time. 
"But, sir, you are almost certainly mistaken just here. Truly, I am a person of little importance. I am of the house of Kish, the Benjamite, and he is a man of importance, but I, well, I am the least of my clan. You must have me mixed up with another!"
The Prophet looked intently at the young man for some time as his hand twisted the end of his long beard a very small bit. With a slight twinkle in his eye he replied. "You are to feast with me this day at sacrifice and you are to sit in the highest and most honored place. Come!"
A true sense of alarm now began to stir in the heart of the young man Saul, son of Kish. He moved a bit closer to where the man stood and, after observing that the entire crowd had now grown quiet and all were listening, he became even more anxious. Looking back, he saw that Jeshua had moved to one side of the crowd and was observing all of this with a somewhat confused look on his face. 
Saul quickly bowed himself deeply and when he rose up he repeated his words with a great deal more earnestness, fearing that the Prophet was indeed mistaking him for someone else and that by not setting it straight now, the matter might well incur much embarrassment later. "Please, I beg my master's pardon. Yes, I am Saul but not the Saul that you obviously are searching for. I am no one of importance, truly, and I am hardly known by the citizens of my own city. You must be mistaken! Please stand by for a moment and let me inquire of you concerning my father's mules and then it will be as if you had never looked upon me.” 
It was his way of putting the matter, coupled with the deeply distressed look on his youthful face that made the crowd of onlookers begin to laugh as did the Prophet himself. "I know where your father's mules are and I will tell you of them later, but now come close and let me embrace you, for my dear young man, you are the chosen leader of Israel. Chosen by God and anointed! Come close to me."
"But I must insist . . ." 
"No! You must not insist, but you must hear my words this day!" The Prophet's tone and appearance now grew serious as he lifted his voice so that not only Saul could hear his words, but all of those that had gathered around! "Your destiny is fixed like the stars of the heavens. This very day you will begin a great work. That task will be to take an insignificant and fledgling nation, one which stands on shaky legs and reaches out to do with trembling hands, and you will be as the staff of God through which He will infuse it with great strength and power. You will establish the rule of a great and mighty Kingdom which will surpass any that has ever been upon the earth. It will be a magnificent kingdom, and YOU will sit on its throne and be its first king!"
**********
King Saul lightly sighed as he slowly turned away from the window and ran his hands over his face. Within his soul there was a deep, silent cry and his heart felt sick. He wished with all of his strength that he could talk with Samuel just one more time. To sit with him and let his words wash away the deep confusion that now plagued his mind, but, alas, it could not be. 
At that moment a forlorn looking priest made his way past the curtains and stood before the King. Saul did not need him to speak. He knew the matter already. There was no answer! The priest only slightly shook his head back and forth and whispered. "I'm sorry Sire. There is nothing more I can do. God is silent!"
The King turned away and walked out and down the several steps where he had men posted. His second in command, Rehabiah had just arrived and was preparing to report the status of his military but Saul only cut him off. "Is there any word of Abner yet? Has he brought men from Judah?"
"There is no word as yet, Sire, but we expect him to be here before the night is over. We can hope Sire."
"Hope! Yes, and how far will hope take us against Charmaca's vast horde of Philistines?” He turned and began to mount his horse, not expecting a reply. Once mounted, he looked down at his general and spoke. "I must know what tomorrow holds at Gilboa. While it is still light, I want you to search the city and countryside. Find me a medium. A person known to be reputable, and who has power to truly assist me. Meet me in my tent as soon as you have located such. There is not much time. Go now!” With that the king abruptly departed. 
**********
Endor was a lonely little settlement with ancient roots located just south of the valley of Gilboa. It had no wall or city gates. The road leading down through its heart was mainly dirt with some scattered stone. 
The hour was late which made observation difficult but one could still see that the houses were of older but stately construction and most of them had rooftops where small groups were still gathered, visiting around fires lit in central fire pits. At this time of year a fire was also lit nightly in the central plaza of the small village but it, too, was now burning rather low. As Saul and his three companions made their way past the fire, the road again began to darken as they passed through the middle of the village and then on to the far side of Endor. At last they came to the designated house and dismounted. 
Earlier, when Rehabiah had informed the king that there was a medium in this place, his majesty wisely decided to trade his horse for a mule and put on the garb of a bedraggled traveler. Most of his face was hooded and he kept a wrap around his neck and lower face while, at the same, time he feigned a raspy cough to further remove suspicion concerning his identity. The witch that he now planned to visit was not told who it was that came to her either!
A messenger was sent ahead to announce his arrival and make sure that all was as reported. The medium had consented to meet with him. 
The stone house itself was hidden behind a deep web of trees, vines and undergrowth. A slender path was beaten out just past the entry gate and now, in the darkness, it was necessary that one of the four men light a small torch to lead the way. 
An ancient looking door made of plank wood creaked as it opened. Standing before them was a servant dressed in a long, earthy colored robe with a large, burning candle seated in a clay bowl. The man was tall and rather lanky with no hair whatsoever on his head. His eyes were deep set and he looked pale and somewhat frail. 
After first bowing politely but ever so slowly to the visitors he then motioned for them to enter. The others were directed to places to be seated and Saul was led down a small corridor with a rather low ceiling until they came to a doorway covered with a thick black curtain. The door itself was supported by two upright wooden thickly hewn timbers with a cross piece of the same size overhead. Halting for just a moment, the servant listened, apparently determining if it were a good time to enter. Saul could hear the voice of the woman on the other side whispering and chanting incantations in an older and, for the most part, unfamiliar tongue. 
Pulling the curtain to one side, the servant stepped away, bowed slightly once more and allowed Saul to pass through into the witch's chambers. Returning the heavy draping to its rightful place behind him, the attendant then retired back down the dim lit hall. 
It was a rather long and narrow chamber that the King had now entered. In fact, so narrow that it would have only taken him three, four paces at the most, to cross it. However, it was many times longer. The curtained entrance gave him admittance to the further-most end of the room where the witch sat at a small stone table on which a somewhat broad but flat, heavy brass vase of ash was burning. A smoldering bed of burnt-out coals flickered in a small corner fireplace which was located behind the witch and served to illuminate the room to some degree. 
Saul halted for a moment and gazed with a growing sense of foreboding at the bleak confines of the room. Seated at various locations about the enclosure were small, round black pots filled with heaps of burning embers, some of them still leaping into blue and orange flames. A damp, cloudy vapor permeated the entire quarters which was being irradiated not only from the blackened pots but also from long columns of flickering candles that sat upon three stone ledges on the far side of the chamber. 
A partially crumbling ceiling suspended quite low and was held in place by thick, black timbers of twisted and knotted wooden beams that supported a roof overlaid with plaster that was well blackened by layers of dense soot. The room had no windows and the stone walls were covered with scorched and smoke charred stains.
The very soul of the disguised monarch began to recoil from a sense of dread at the disturbing surroundings about him. His eyes struggled to penetrate the darkness at the far end of the lengthy room. There were no candles there and all he could perceive were the dark green eyes of a black cat lying on a hidden perch close to the back corner of the chamber. Saul, not knowing quite what to do, as the old witch seemed to be paying him little attention, awkwardly made his way to a backless stone seat which was placed very near the stone table. Materea, the witch, was now seated opposite him. He could not see the woman's face or head because the hood of her robe enveloped it almost completely and her face was turned downward. She continued to whisper her strange incantations for some time before lifting her face and letting her dark eyes meet his. These procedures were, of course, to give her clients a feeling of her severe and reverenced importance! The witch pushed the dark hood back and spoke. "So . . . to whom do you wish to speak, my friend?" 
A guttural and extremely raspy voice spoke the words and, to Saul, they sounded dreadful themselves, making him again nearly regret that he had even come to this place! Yet, he was so very desperate to know about the coming battle, so he prepared to answer. He kept the wrap over his mouth and coughed several more times as he replied. "His name is Samuel and he was an old friend that I had come to depend on for his sagacious advice. He was a man much skilled in the trade that he and I have engaged these many years, and I need his singular counsel in a very important matter."
"Well, we shall see what we can do then. Look with me into the burning embers and put every other thought from you mind. Imagine in your mind's eye the face of the person you wish to converse with," 
Saul did as she commanded and gazed deeply into the brass basin blazing with red coals that now sat between the two of them on the table. The witch would occasionally throw a scattering of juniper seeds into these flames making them flare up for a moment. Then she would gaze into the flames herself, as if searching for the sight of something or someone. Materea closed her eyes and returned to her chanting, occasionally lifting her hand to disperse more incense onto the coals. As they again flared up she would open her eyes and look deeply into the web of leaping flames as if still seeking to see a face or hear a voice.
After a long while the expression on her face began to change and she spoke in a low tone. "I see a face," the witch began, but as soon as she did, her words were cut off suddenly by a low roaring at the far end of the dimly lit room. Both the startled witch and the King turned to look in that direction. There was something taking place in its shadowy recesses! 
A formless vapor about the size and shape of a man began to materialize in the dim and distant corner of the darkened chamber. Both Saul and the witch saw it and neither could make out what it was. The deep, mournful roar that accompanied the form grew louder with each passing moment! The sound alone was eerie and spine-chilling, like winter winds that blow on a corner eve or a deep note sounded on a flute on which someone blew continuously. The haunting sounds were alarming and Saul felt a wave of deep apprehension begin to wash over him. The King stood to his feet! Intently he stared into the dimness in a strained effort to see what was taking place there. 
Then Saul turned to the woman and addressed her in an anxious tone, "I can see nothing! What do you envision there in the darkness? Is someone present? Tell me who it is!!!" After questioning her, the king turned his face again to investigate the shady formations and chilling sounds.
The witch stood up very slowly, having never experienced a viewing in this fashion and she, too, felt a deep rattling of fear in her bones. Peering intently into the darkness herself, it was as if she did not even hear his words as she waited for the vaporous form to take shape. 
Saul had just looked back once more at the witch to see if she was able to determine any vision or message when suddenly she clutched her robe as if in agony and the appearance of horror filled her face as she looked over at the King. Then she lifted her head and cried out in what had now become a desperate sounding voice. "It is Samuel, the Hebrew Prophet, and you are Saul, King of Israel! Why have you deceived me? Is it so that you may take my life?"
Saul shook his head in confusion and quickly began to reassure the old woman that he had no such intentions, for he was only wishing that she could tell him what was happening. "I swear this oath to you by the name of the God of Israel that you shall not die. Be calm, only listen and tell me what message he has for me! Tell me everything you see! Speak and you shall be well rewarded this very night, but I must hear substantial words.” 
Materea was trembling as she slowly lifted her eyes back to the far end of the long chamber. Knowing that her only hope lay in the satisfying of the king, she pulled her wits together and sought diligently for words to speak. While the mournful sounds coming out of the darkness grew louder, a cold breath of wind inside the chamber blew over Saul's body and across the embers in the brass burner, stirring them into blazing flames. It swept the hair of the old woman's head back from her face as well. The chilling sounds were now very loud as they wailed and moaned and Saul's heart raced with a deep sense of dread and fear. 
Lifting her face, the woman stared in the direction of the gathering vapors, trying to make sense of what was happening! Then, her face took on a more alarmed appearance. She raised her tone somewhat as she spoke with a scratchy and grating voice, "I see a ghostly figure coming up out of the earth. He wears a great white robe and his hair and beard are very long and as white as snow!” 
Then, as quickly as it had begun, the howling wind ceased. A sound that began like bubbling waters coming up out of deep caverns reverberated against the walls of the chamber before taking the form of words. The words were breathy and mournful but quickly grew louder. At first they could not be understood but soon Saul recognized them, as well as the voice that spoke. Trembling with unbearable fear he listened to them as they called out to him, "Who is it that disturbs me? Why do you beckon me at this time? Saul, why have you called me from the realm of bliss? WHY DO YOU DISTURB ME TODAY?" 
Like water poured out on the ground, Saul's strength fled from him as his knees trembled and threatened to give way! As the vapor took the shape of a man Saul could see it slowly making its way in his direction. The old Prophet was walking with his familiar staff in one hand and his steps were slow as he neared the King. Then he halted and lifted his arm, pointing a long boney finger toward the cringing monarch. For Saul, it was like looking through a mist and he strained to see the figure enwrapped in its cloudy vapors. 
"Saul!" the voice called out. “Saul, why have you called me up from my rest? Why have you taken me away?"
Though Saul trembled greatly he found the strength to answer. "Is it truly you, Father of Israel? Do I really speak with Samuel the Prophet whose friendship I cherished more than gold? Is it truly you?” 
"I am Samuel as you knew me. I am the Prophet of Ramah as you remember me. What your eyes see is all that you can see. Anything more and your bones would fall to the earth in decay!"
"Oh, Father of Israel, I must hear from you concerning tomorrow and my conflict with Philistia! Tell me truthfully, do I have your blessing? Will I prevail in battle?"
A screaming, chilling cry suddenly burst in upon them like the blaring of a thousand voices out of the abyss. They screamed and cried and Saul dropped to the floor and wept. 
When the Prophet lifted his hand the voices ceased. "Saul your days are at an end. That which I spoke to you in the land of the living now stands upon the threshold. You have but one tomorrow and then you and your sons shall all join me, and the house of Saul shall be no more!" 
"Nooooo! It cannot be. I repent of all my misdeeds! I do truly! But only tell me that God will turn again and favor me! Tell me that I will have other glorious days and the sun will rise to shine again upon the house of Saul!"
"I have no comforting words for you, Saul. Remember your days, how proudly you sat upon your throne. Your heart was lifted up and you disregarded the God who placed you there! As a youth you were small in your own eyes and you walked humbly before God. Yet, with the passing years your heart grew indifferent and calloused. You lifted the scepter with careless hands. You cherished the crown but spurned the God who placed it upon your brow. Your greed to be honored among men corrupted and devoured your heart. 
All is gone! The wind has blown out the candlelight. Not even a shadow shall remain. A glorious commission is thwarted and extinguished and you will now grope in darkness and tomorrow that darkness will take you away! Go now, Saul, according to the path you have chosen, for I have nothing more to say to you!"
Out of the dark a chilling blast of cold air swept down upon the King who had his face to the earth where he sobbed into his own hands. As he looked up to implore one more time he saw that the Prophet was gone. All was dark and silent. Only the old witch of Endor remained as the King laid his head back into his hands, utter hopelessness overwhelming his soul! 



Chapter Three
A Throne Forsaken!
 
The bows of the mighty are broken, and those who stumbled are girded with strength. Those who were full have hired themselves out for bread, but those who were hungry have ceased to hunger. . . The Lord slays and makes alive; He brings down to Sheol and raises up. The Lord makes poor and makes rich; He brings low and He lifts up. He raises up the poor out of the dust and lifts up the needy from the ash heap, to make them sit with nobles and inherit the throne of glory.  1 Samuel 2:4


The soft heave of the man's chest was so slight that one might have almost thought him dead, but he was not.
An hour or so earlier, Kezmin and her Uncle had found him lying unconscious, along one of the northern trails just short of its junction with the main road. It was by sheer chance that Kezmin glanced in that direction and saw him slumped over on the ground!
When they reached the stranger, they found a man whose body was burning with fever! The relentless rains which had continued for some time in the area had left his thick cloak and other clothing soaked through and through. Both Kezmin and her Uncle realized that under these circumstances the young man's very life was in jeopardy.
As quickly as possible they loaded him onto the oxcart and brought him to their modest home, removed his rain-drenched garments and placed him on a spare bed near the central courtyard. In the land of Israel all homes were built around an open central court, one that almost always was constructed with a fireplace as well.
The room where he was placed was adjacent to the court and, though it was small, it still provided plenty of room for a bed and side table, should unexpected guests come along. Cool cloths had been placed on his head and Kezmin set at his side, replacing them periodically. Her uncle and his wife stood behind her observing his condition. 
"I know this man, Uncle. He was at market three, perhaps four days ago and I spoke with him concerning the conflict at Gilboa. His intentions were to see the King’s battle. During our conversation I learned that he is a Prophet!"
Kezmin had recognized him the moment they first turned his body over near the roadside, but did not mention it then. Something rather inexplicable had stirred inside the young woman as she saw who it was and remembered back on their meeting of a few days earlier. The man's image had strangely filled her thoughts over the course of that time. 
She attentively removed the cloth from his forehead, dipped it in the bowl of cool water, wrung it out, and carefully placed it back once more.
"He looks as if he has not eaten for some time, and that, along with this fever, well . . . ," and here her Uncle hesitated for a moment, "it's a wonder he is still alive!” 
Kezmin's Uncle was a good man and was always generous with strangers passing by their area. Prophets were rare and he had never entertained one in his home but welcomed the idea gladly. It was fortunate for the youth that they had found him when they did and he was genuinely glad to give the man shelter and help him, hopefully, to recover speedily! 
Johanan was his name and his wife, who presently stood beside him, bore the name Jamairen. She, too, was a very caring person, always ready to give aid to anyone in need. 
Kezmin had come to live with them when she was three years of age. Her own father had been killed at the battle of Aphek fighting the Philistines. At that time, her mother was deceased, having died the day she gave birth to Kezmin. Living here with her uncle and aunt was the only life she had ever known. Often her uncle told her that he could not have loved her more if she had been his own daughter and he had always treated her in just that way. Johanan had never been given sons or daughters for Jamairen could not bear children. Kezmin had been a delight to the both of them from the very first day they took her into their modest home. In these years she had filled the place in their hearts for both sons and daughters. She loved living here, loved their home and loved both of them as if they were her real parents. 
As the three of them stood nearby, the man began to raise his head slightly from the pillow and mutter faint words that none of them were able to understand. However, this was brief and, after only a moment, his head fell back down on the pillow again. Yet, within a short time the man repeated the actions several more times and each time it appeared as if he was trying to make a statement that he could not complete! The prophet's eyes were closed and it was obvious that he was completely unaware of anything around him. After repeating this several more times he returned to his somewhat fitful slumber. They left him to rest, Kezmin checking on him from time to time. 
The room warmed up nicely from the fire that now roared in the fireplace near the corner of the middle plaza. The courtyard was open, but the surrounding overhangs from each room closed in around it and left only a much smaller portion of the court actually open to the evening sky. This caused the larger part of the heat from the burning fire to collect below. When the doors to each room were left open, they remained quite warm. While it was the rainy time of year, the climate was moderate so the nights did not become excessively cool. 
Evening was calm and quiet, the only sound being that made by the soft singing of Kezmin's aunt as she prepared dinner and an occasional bleating of one of the small lambs that were kept in an adjoining stable on the south side of the court. 
Johanan was a silversmith as well as a builder of fine wooden furniture. He was also a trader and sold and traded his wares and other merchandise in the marketplace several days of the week. On days that he did not attend the local market, he was off to more distant places, to sell his merchandise. It was common for him to travel to Bethlehem and Bethel and other such places, sometimes spending several days at a time. All in all, he had fared very well and his house, though somewhat small, reflected that. It was well furnished with his own works of admirable craftsmanship, carved tables and small chairs and benches. The stone walls themselves were hardly visible beneath the exquisite paintings and decor hanging on them from one end to another. 
Five well furnished domestic rooms broke off the court plus a small stairway led up to a rooftop plaza above and there was, of course, a sizable storage room. When one opened the door to this, they were forced to descend on a narrow set of steps in order to enter the enclosure. This modest storeroom had been partly dug into the earth which helped keep it cool in the warmer seasons. This area was lined with shelves and upon them were row after row of earthen vases with fixed lids, most of which were sealed with melted wax. These were filled with different foods including dried fish and vegetables as well as an assortment of dried fruit and nuts. Large clay vessels sat in the corners and contained different kinds of grains, but mostly wheat. Others were filled with an abundance of spices and large quantities of olive oil. 
Kezmin had been walking back and forth from the kitchen to the spare room repeatedly, checking on the ailing visitor and had observed that he was still sleeping rather fitfully. As she watched him again, the young man began to toss from side to side in his troublesome sleep. This time he became more agitated and his face took on a desperate appearance. His head rose from the pillow and he again muttered softly. His fever continued to run high and at times he perspired heavily, causing his youthful face to be somewhat covered with sweat. 
Then, all at once, as Kezmin stood over him, his eyes shot open and they possessed an extremely anxious appearance as he cried out, "How can this be? We have no King! The King is . . . ," and here his words trailed off. He quickly looked around the room, plainly not understanding where he was. Again he called out as if to someone in the distance and his right hand shot upward covering his distressed countenance! "Someone tell me. Is the King dead?" His face again looked grieved as he expressed one final sentence softly! "The King . . . The King is dead!" 
With that, his head fell back again into the pillow and he returned to a deep sleep as if he had not spoken a word! Kezmin turned with a startled expression to look at the face of her uncle who had heard the young man and also came to look in on him. He stood behind her with a somewhat pained look on his face. 
"Do you think it is true, Uncle?" Kezmin spoke softly with a look of concern on her face. 
"Well, Kezmin, I didn't want to tell you this until the time seemed right, but there were men in Shechem today who said that, by all reports, Saul has been defeated at Gilboa. There are Philistine raiding parties being seen in the Jordan basin though none of them seem to be coming in our direction. As for the King himself, no one seems to know as yet whether he has even survived. He shook his head mournfully before continuing. Indeed these are very uncertain times!"
Kezmin turned back to attend to the young man once again, replacing the warm cloth on his head with one which was cool. "The prophet spoke of this matter to me on the day he passed through the marketplace. It was his belief that our king could not possibly lose the fight. I think he felt then that God had assured him of that. I wonder how this has affected him."
At these words, Johanan could not refrain. "I cannot but wonder how a prophet could not see what Saul has become! The slaughter of the holy men at Nob alone, which we all know was his doing, would seem to open the eyes of the most avid supporter!” Then he paused a moment and added, "But he is young.” 
To this Kezmin had to agree but, nonetheless, looked upon the frail=appearing body of the man struggling for his life with a great deal of concern.
After a long silence, it was Kezmin's Aunt who too had joined them, which spoke. "We must not forget that Saul was a great king at one time and greatly used by God to bring our people together as a unified nation. Whether kings or judges, with our enemies growing so powerful all around us, it would now be more important than ever that we are united. There is no question that without King Saul we would have been swallowed up a long time ago.” She then laid her hand softly on the arm of her husband who she knew had come to greatly distrust Saul.
Johanan agreed with his wife. He had been contemplating the fact that their king might be dead all the afternoon and it did trouble him. "It is true, my love. He did do much good and it is sad to think that he might have died at the ruthless hands of the Philistines. I hope somehow it is not true, for that would surely be an ignoble death and a disgrace for all Israel. But worse than that, it will send our enemies a message that we are weak! It is likely that if they have killed our king, they will soon invade the entire land! Yet, I am sure of this one thing. God will sustain us. My hopes rest on that and I refuse to be troubled!" 
With that he turned and walked away to stoke the fire, leaving the two women to tend to the ill Prophet. 
"Do you think that he will make it, Aunt? He seems very weak.” Kezmin was now gazing questioningly into the face of her aunt and waiting rather anxiously for her reply. 
"It's hard to say at this time, child. He may have already suffered the worst of his fever before you found him, or it might well be just at its onset. We will know by morning. If it is passed, then I think he stands a good chance of pulling through it, but in his weakened state, if his fever persists or rises, he will have a real struggle. Yet, I believe that if he is truly God's prophet, it will yet go well with him!" Her words were, as always, comforting to Kezmin and she turned back to tend to him again. 
After Kezmin's uncle and aunt ate dinner, they retired, leaving her to care for the young man, a thing that she somehow found comfort in doing. On a nearby table sat two dishes of food her aunt had prepared and left for her, one of spiced lentils and the other containing a small piece of fish and one simple wheat cake. 
Normally she would have joined them as they spread special quilts out on the floor near the fire and set their food at the center. They would each take a place on the floor around it and enjoy a pleasant time together as they ate. But her uncle and aunt knew she wished to attend to the needs of the sick stranger and, therefore, ate alone, watching her attentiveness, and then going off to their own room, leaving him in her adequate care. 
Glancing at the food, she realized that she did not care to eat just now. Repeatedly she felt the man's face and neck to see if perhaps the fever was lessening. All she could feel was his warm skin and knew that it had not. Once, after several hours she rose up to replenish the fire with fresh wood, wishing to make sure the room stayed a good, even temperature. Quickly she returned and sat looking down at his face. She knew that he had entered this fever a very distraught man. In her heart she prayed for his recovery.
The night passed by slowly and it was early in the morning hours that his body suffered a hard sweat and at that time his fever began to lessen. A feeling of deep relief now replaced the anxiousness that had been growing in the young woman's mind. Kezmin slipped to the floor on her knees and, after laying her head on the side of the soft bed, she fell asleep.
Dawn was already breaking when her aunt gently shook her shoulder and told Kezmin that the young prophet's fever had completely broken. He would recover! 
Kezmin did not really understand her own feelings toward the stranger, for she realized that she was not even that well acquainted with the man. Nonetheless, at her Aunt's words she experienced an overwhelming sense of sheer relief. 
It was late that same afternoon that Nathan first opened his eyes and looked around the small room where he now found himself being cared for. Kezmin was there seated on the small bench beside his bed. She looked at him with a slight smile as she realized that he was, for the first time since they had carried him home, truly conscious and aware. Yet, the expression on his face was one of confusion. He studied Kezmin carefully a few moments before speaking. "I remember you. You are Kezmin from the marketplace." He paused and looked around before continuing. "How did I get here and . . . ," he hesitated again looking at his unfamiliar surroundings and then continued, "I ah . . . I wonder . . . where am I?"
It was strange, but somehow Kezmin recognized right off that he was not the same lighthearted boy she had met in the market just a few days ago. He was very different, but she was glad to hear him speak. Inside her heart Kezmin comprehended that she was dealing with someone greatly troubled though he might not as yet remember why.
She smiled even broader as she attempted to reassure him. 
"You are at my uncle's home just outside Shechem. My uncle and I found you about a mile outside the city at the entrance to one of the northern trails. It appeared that you had been attempting to make your way south but had collapsed on the ground from the effects of fever."
Nathan shook his head slightly as if doing his best to remember being a part of the scene she described, but he could not. "I ah . . . I can't really recall that very well. Everything is sort of a blur in my mind. How long have I been here?" Nathan's words were only a slight bit more than a whisper and as he spoke it was not without a degree of struggle. 
"We brought you here yesterday evening. You were too sick to realize what was happening. My Aunt says you are on your way to recovering now but you had us worried for a large part of the night!"
Nathan never heard her last words. He had slipped back into sleep as quickly as he had come out. 
"It will be good for him to get all the rest he can. His body is fighting right now just to recover.” Kezmin's aunt softly observed as she looked down on him. "I am making soup. It will be good for him if we can get him to take some of it the next time he rouses."
The young prophet continued to sleep rather fitfully throughout the day. It was nearing evening when he finally awoke enough to eat. Being yet too weak from the fever to even hold the small bowl, Kezmin helped him carefully eat a small but substantial helping. The soup was a delicious mix made from lambs meat and black beans. He also ate just a small portion of a freshly fried wheat cake. Kezmin would have liked to see him eat more but even this would help him gain his strength back much faster. 
 
Over the next several days the young prophet began to make a slow but sure recovery. When he was not sleeping, Nathan had a lot of time to think. He was still in a very weak state and found it hard to even rise from bed, much less travel. 
It was somewhere during this time that he began to recount the horrid memories and images that seemed to creep into his mind whether he wished to relive them or not! How staggering was the scene that rose up before his eyes! These were events that would change him forever! He could not help retracing every moment of that day in detail!
Traveling over the east side of the mountain, trying to reach the valley of Jezreel had taken him much longer than anticipated. The day was well into the middle hours when he first began to hear the distant cries of battle, and, though he quickened his pace substantially, it still took him the larger part of yet another hour before he came to a ridge that gave him a full view of the valley and from where he could clearly see the battle below. 
Actually, the battle itself was all but over and what remained was the horrid scene of butchery and carnage that the Philistine army had left in its wake. The main regiments of the enemy's ranks were moving off to the east, which was where the Hebrew military labored in its final death struggle! 
There, on the lower hills of Gilboa, the decisive moments of war were now taking place in a great tempest of conflict and upheaval. As a wick in oil will blaze up high just before it is utterly extinguished, so the Hebrews were mustering their last resistance which would soon prove futile! It was readily obvious which of the two powers now dominated the valley. The adversaries had swept over Israel like a fire sweeping down on fields of dry grass, devouring and leaving nothing behind but misery! The sounds of war fell ruthlessly upon the young prophet's ears. And, knowing what the outcome would be, they weighed grievously upon his soul. Because of last night's vision he understood completely that all was decided. Israel was vanquished! There was no snatching victory out of the jaws of defeat. No last minute intervention by God Himself. No thunder or rain or hail! The earth did not shake! All was lost!
"Why was this happening? Where was the Lord God of battle? And why was he sent here to observe such a horrid defeat!" Over and over the question repeated itself in his mind!
Reasons now eluded the young man who stood on this mountainside looking down. There was no understanding the events of this day! All was hidden away and obscure though he sought for answers anxiously. Distress clouded his vision as he fought to comprehend these adverse determinations which seemed utterly shrouded in mystery!
At last there was nothing left except the forlorn field and the distant and faint sounds of the Philistines as they continued their advance of victory.
The sun seemed to drag slowly across the sky and it was late afternoon before the last cries and groans of death were hushed and the clash and clangor of marching armies slowly receded into quietness. A covering of grey clouds began to move over and envelop the valley and in a short time it began to rain softly. 
The young man had slumped down beside a large rock and pulled the hood of his cloak over his head to repel the soft drizzle of rain. He sat wondering if he should go down to the valley. He knew very well the scene that would meet him there and he dreaded it more than anything ever before in his life! 
Yet, as the day began to wane and the clouds began to clear, he knew somehow that it was meant for him to go there, meant for his eyes to see! As the soft rain subsided, the prophet stood and headed down into the valley below. 
Nathan arrived as the evening advanced and, once there, he walked out among the dead as they lay upon the bloody fields of Gilboa. 
Stillness slowly crept over the earth as the sun began its decent into the western hills, its beams sometimes flickering brightly from behind the breaking clouds on the western horizon. 
The bodies of thousands lay slumped down to the dust in every direction he looked! Many with expressions of horror still upon their mud and blood-covered faces. How great the numbers who had bled out their life's blood and Nathan could not help questioning why! Searching the field diligently, he looked for survivors, but there were none. 
For a long while the king was foremost in his thoughts and, yet, he knew, he knew the outcome of that! It was as if a great stone literally pressed down upon him which could not have made his heart sink any lower for, without question in the prophet's mind, the king was dead.
Standing there, bewildered and alone, while the shadows lengthened about him, he could not contain the deep, gnawing anguish within as he slowly turned his body to gaze upon all the death that surrounded him. Torment rattled his soul, so much so that at last he cried out and took hold of his own inner garments and, with trembling hands, ripped them asunder! Then reaching down, he scooped up handfuls of dampened dirt, lifted it high, and let it fall over his head. Warm tears ran down his cheeks and mingled with the earth in his hands as he fell with his face to the ground and wept!
The sun had now dropped behind the distance hills, and darkness was stealing over the vast fields, haunted with the silence of death. After some time, he stood and wiped away the tears from his face. Staggering slowly forward, not really knowing where he was heading, he stumbled among the endless dead. 
Then, when the light had almost completely slipped away, he saw a small movement off at the distance edge of the field and looked hard to determine what it was that stirred. 
At once it became apparent! Here were the women of Israel, now widows, some alone, but many with young sons or even daughters, coming to claim the bodies of their fallen husbands and fathers. Many had carts pulled by mules or oxen. As Nathan listened to their soft concerted wails of grief, his soul was crushed within him. There he stood, a solitary figure on whom the moon's soft rays fell, the tears of bitterness slipping freely off his face. It was a time he would never forget!
**********
It was the girl, Kezmin, whose soft words gently spoken brought Nathan back to the present.
"Are you ready to try some more of my Aunt's soup?" she asked as she stood in the small doorway. 
"Thank you, but I will wait a while longer if you don't mind, but if you could linger a moment, perhaps I could speak to you of a matter which I have been thinking about. I was just considering the last few days and how fortunate I was that you found me when you did. I am very thankful for all that you and your family have done for me. Without your intervention I likely would not be here now!"
Kezmin's face now glowed with a certain pleasantness that was almost like medicine to the young man's soul. 
In some ways she was like an angel to him and her smile helped dissolve a great part of the bleakness presently within his heart.
"I'm just glad we were able to pull you back. My uncle says you were at death's door. Had you spent much more time out there in the dampness with the kind of fever you had, well, I'm just glad we found you when we did!"

Over the next several days the young man began to recover but was cautioned not to try and get back on his feet too soon. He would be traveling the rest of the way home by foot and it would take him several days, perhaps longer, in his weakened condition. It was important that he experience a full recovery before attempting it.
Johanan had offered to take him there but he did not wish to inconvenience him any more than he had already. Knowing that, as well as knowing that Kezmin's family seemed genuine in wanting him to wait until he was strong again before traveling, caused him to linger. 
On the evening of the third day Kezmin again entered his room. Nathan had been up that day and helped with a few light chores that required little of his physical strength. The evening sun was setting and he had returned to his bed for rest. 
"We are about to serve dinner but my aunt says you should eat in bed one more night because you exerted yourself a bit more than maybe you should have today. I could bring mine and join you if you like?” 
"I . . . yes that would be nice but I hate to keep being so much trouble!" Nathan replied with an almost embarrassed tone to his voice. He knew it was a gesture on Kezmin's part, and didn't at all want to seem to slight it. The fact was that each day he found her more appealing but his mind presently could not escape the turmoil that had left a lingering and dark residue there from memories of the battlefield. Had it been anytime earlier in his life, he would have sought her company with double effort for he had not, up until this time in his life, met anyone that he desired to be with in the way he did Kezmin. 
Kezmin did bring dinner to Nathan and they did eat together. She served it to him on a wooden tray and he held it on his lap as they ate and talked. It was pleasant and it helped soothe away the persistent gloom of his troubled mind. "Has your Uncle heard news concerning the king's welfare?" Nathan asked cautiously.
Kezmin was not expecting the weighty question as, up to this time, it seemed that the subject was undesirable to the recovering man. She was holding a small plate of vegetables that she sat down for a moment and looked him in the eyes. 
"My uncle says . . . well . . . he says that King Saul is dead." She dropped her glance briefly before fixing her eyes again upon his and continuing. "Men came to the market this morning from Kedesh and they reported the matter to the elders of our city. It seems that we are presently . . . well, without a king. It is fearful!" 
Her eyes again broke away and she looked back down at her food for a moment. There was a prolonged silence between them. 
"I knew he was. I watched from the mountain side and knew that he could not escape. It would not have been possible. He waited too long. The King was noble to the very last, but at the end it cost him his life! But, anyway, I knew . . . I was aware of what was to happen.” 
Nathan was quiet again for a little while as if deciding whether to go on. Yet, he did continue. "I knew! I knew how the events of that day would turn out. I wish I did not, but I did!" As Nathan's words trailed off he turned to look out the small window beside him, his face filled with sadness. 
Kezmin wanted to help and so she continued to talk to him, though she wondered if she should. "You mean you saw it in a dream! I know you are a prophet. You told me at the market. So you saw it in a vision, is that true?"
"I am no prophet!" And the man again paused as his face took on a more distressed expression. "But, yes, I did see it in a vision the night before, while I rested in a small cave on the mountainside."
Kezmin halted, speaking for some time because she knew that she was treading upon delicate ground. "God gives visions to his prophets. I believe you are a prophet. And it comforts me to know that you received this from Him. At least we can be reassured that He knows all and has a purpose in everything, even in . . . well, in all things" She decided not to complete the sentence. 
"No truly, I am no prophet, visions or no visions. I always misinterpret the visions I have. It is not so with a true man of God. A few minor visions do not make a man a prophet. It was just a great mistake. One that I shall not fall into again! Besides that, Moses said that a prophet's word would be accompanied by miracles and wonders, and I apparently . . . ," and for a moment the words caught in his throat . . . "I cannot even get the visions right, much less perform a miracle! No, it is not me. That is that. It was just a long-lasting ignorance and one that I am ashamed of now!" Nathan resumed his eating. 
After a moment of silence Kezmin felt she might turn the conversation to lighter things. "I know you are anxious to get home, then. Tell me of your family?” She smiled and began to eat as they talked. 
"Yes, I am. It is the longest I have ever been away. They will be wondering where I am. I should not have lingered so long." The young man’s words were spoken from a lighter heart and he, too, was glad the subject was changed.
"Well, you did not have much choice in that." She laughed lightly but Nathan only slightly grinned. 
"My father is a worrier. He does not mean to be, but he is. He will have people out looking for me soon if I do not show up."
"And your mother, too, I am sure!" 
"Well my mother has been gone now for some years, but my father always did enough worrying for the both of them!" With this said he smiled for the first time all evening.
Kezmin laughed lightly but also with some reserve, wishing to console him for the fact that he had lost his mother so young. "I know you miss her!"
"Oh yes, I think of her very often and she and my father loved each other very much. He really has never gotten over her passing."
"That's unfortunate!” Kezmin replied sincerely. “What about brothers and sisters. Do you have many?"
"I have two older brothers and a sister. My brothers are both married and have their own homes and my sister, Leila, was to be married at the end of harvest. But, as you know the rain this year has been exceptional and harvest was slow. They decided to marry on the Sabbath following the first new moon of the coming year. It will be a large celebration.” 
"I know that will be a wonderful occasion that you must be looking forward to.” Kezmin smiled and Nathan nodded. 
They ate for a moment or two longer and then Kezmin spoke again. "It is unusual for a man's sons to all marry and build homes away from their fathers. Is it prying of me to ask you why that is?"
"Well you must understand that my father did not inherit the land that we now have. Rather, it was given to him by the king himself. You see, my father was one of four men that first accompanied King Saul home after he was anointed by the prophet, Samuel. In his young years my father was a great warrior and known far and wide as a man of true valor. When Saul was first anointed king, the Hebrew kingdom was still very unstable. Father saw that and wanted to be a part of bringing about the stability of a powerful nation. So he went with Saul and never parted from his side. That is until . . .” And here Nathan paused and looked as if he were thinking deeply about it all. 
"Until?” Kezmin asked.
"Yes until my father was wounded in the hip and could no longer go out to battle. He limps badly to this day. Anyway, for his service and friendship, the king awarded him the large parcel of land and house that I now call home." 
"It seems that when the house was first built, many years before we came there, the rains did not come as bountifully as they do now, and, to make a long story short, the house is built in lowlands and sometimes floods. My older brothers have all built homes on the highlands and my father and I, along with my sister, have lived there for some time alone. Even now my sister is often gone, making preparations for her marriage and staying with my older brothers a great deal, for they live closer to Bethel. But they all come by and check on us very often."
"I know you must miss them. But in some ways it's very different when we grow up isn't it?" Kezmin softly added thinking of her own life for a moment. 
"Yes, very different!" Nathan added with perhaps a hint of sadness in his eyes. He then returned to eating.
"It is very interesting about your father. I guess he knew the king very well then?"
"Oh, yes. One of the great pleasures of my life has been the times that I sat out at night and listened to him recount stories of his many adventures with our king. My father loved King Saul. He often said the king never took on airs. He was never a different person than he was the day my father met him. And, in those days, he would sleep right on the ground with his soldiers. The King never afforded himself special treatment. He was a great man, and a great King! Of course, all of this had been many years ago for my father was discharged before I was born." Once again the words hung in Nathan's throat and he was forced to pause his speaking again. 
"You seem very close to your father.” Kezmin observed with a kind expression on her face. 
"Oh yes. My father, well there are few men like him. I know he is a man of great understanding for one thing. But he has always loved me greatly and was never afraid to show it. He is in my earliest memories. He was always there. My brothers and sister all say I was his favorite but it did not cause bad feelings among them. I guess it was true. I know I was spoiled then!” A slight smile crept over his face and Kezmin laughed out loud. 
"I miss him even now just thinking about it. I don't know how anyone could have wished for a better father." Nathan again looked thoughtful.
"You sound as if you come from a wonderful family. And your mother, do you remember her well?"
"Oh yes," Nathan replied with a pleasant tone to his voice. "Her name is Annashia. She was a wonderful mother to me and I think of all the things she taught me when I was still very young. It was she that encouraged me concerning my dreams and she sent me to a teacher whose name was Tarainia who lived inside the city of Bethel. She and my father had disagreements about it for he wished me to be a warrior like himself and my older brothers. But my mother wanted me to learn writing and things of that nature. In the end she won out I guess, at least to a degree. But I have been trained to wield a sword well enough not to be ashamed. My father taught me that. However, the cloak that I wear, it was made by my mother. She said it was a prophet’s cloak and she had spent months weaving it. I cherish it greatly and this is actually the first time I have worn it.” 
After saying all of this, the young man grew quiet and they both finished eating their food, and, as they did, Nathan would steal quick glances at the face of the girl who was slowly stealing his heart! At that moment he though she was the most beautiful girl in the world. But he knew he would need to go soon and was not sure that he would even see her again. Yet, the feelings within him were very deep and different from anything he had ever felt. Somehow she had taken a special place in his heart and that would remain there forever!
**********
The young prophet grew stronger over the next few days and soon regained strength enough to make the journey home. Kezmin's aunt and uncle saw to it that his travel bag was full with food enough to last easily until he reached his own house. They had been very kind to him and he would never forget it. 
Standing just outside the doorway of the house, Nathan was preparing to leave. The sun was bright. It was early in the day and time for him to depart and make his way home. "I so much wish to thank you for all that you have done for me!" the young man eagerly expressed to Kezmin's aunt and uncle, wishing to convey all of his feelings of gratitude.
Kezmin's Uncle, with a warm expression on his face was quick to reply. "You cannot know what a pleasure it has been to have you here with us, and we are just so glad we could be of some aid and helping you recover!” Johanan smiled broadly as he spoke the cordial words. 
Then her aunt added cheerfully. "I hope this is not the last time we see you. Please come back and visit us again when you are completely well. We would so much enjoy that!"
"I will, I promise. It has been a great fortune of mine to meet all of you. Thank you again for all you have done for me!"
Kezmin had washed and prepared all his clothing as well as his cloak and they were getting ready to say their good-byes. As she stood and listened to him say farewell to her aunt and uncle, Kezmin felt a deep stirring within herself. Although she had known him for only a brief time, somehow she knew this young prophet was the right person for her. In her mind, there was no question of that and now, even before he parted, she realized that she would miss him greatly!
After her aunt and uncle spoke their pleasant and prayerful farewells, Kezmin followed him out just a little as he made his way down the path. They halted and watched as the older couple walked into the house, at which time Kezmin reached out her hands to Nathan. He took them slowly. Kezmin began to speak hesitantly, not knowing quite what to say or how to say what was in her heart. "I know your mind is filled with questions," she began as she looked into his eyes. "I also know that the ways of God can be such a mystery at times. Why He does what He does. Why He allows what He allows. I don't pretend to have the answers. But I know he has reasons though we perhaps cannot understand them presently. I hope you will always have the faith I saw in your eyes that first day I met you at market. Don't let it fade away because of things that have happened at this point in time. Give God time to prove Himself.” 
Nathan held her hands tightly but looked down at the earth for a moment before speaking. "It's not just about God, though, yes, it is hard to understand all that is taking place. But it's my life. Since I was very young, God has appeared to me in dreams in the night and I have always felt I knew that my place would be to serve the people in that way. To serve the nation of Israel and have a part in its developing into a great kingdom. That all men would know there is a God in heaven and that He has raised up his holy people as servants of the whole earth. But now . . . !" Here Nathan halted as if not knowing what more could be spoken, 
"Now I do not know anything of that except that I was greatly mistaken about my own part in it. When I left home, I told my father and all our neighbors that our King was about to have a great victory which would allow us to throw off the yoke of the Philistines forever. I said it because I felt that God had spoken that to me. But now . . . well now I see I was wrong. Our kingdom has never been on more shaky ground! And I . . . well it's hard to return and face them knowing that things have went just opposite of what I predicted!"
The young man grew quiet. 
"You are a Prophet. I know you are. Give yourself time to understand!” Kezmin's voice was soft and gentle. 
Nathan instantly shook his head. "No. No I am not. I will never speak of it again.” He dropped her hands almost abruptly and began to turn away but Kezmin reached and took them in hers again. "Then I will speak of it no more! But I wish you to know that these last few days will remain in my thoughts forever." 
For a moment, shyness overwhelmed the young girl and she found it hard to say the things she wished to speak. Yet, after regaining herself she looked up and continued. "You are in my thoughts! You fill my thoughts in so many ways. What I am trying to say is that I long for you in my heart. And, I will always be here for you!"
Nathan knew it was true and that he shared the same feelings. But all was so uncertain. Words seemed to elude him. Yet, he knew as well that he also longed for Kezmin. He didn't wish to lose her and, still, he didn't wish to ask her to hinge her hopes on someone like himself whose life was now shifting so very drastically. "Please understand. I ah . . . I am very flattered by what you are saying to me, and I feel the same way and have from the very first day I laid eyes on you. To me you are the most beautiful person I have ever met in my life and I mean within and without. But you cannot place your hope in me. I am as uncertain as the wind. I cannot tell you what I am going to do seven days from now much less with the rest of my life. I will not be so unfair as to give you false hopes. Please forget me. It will be best for you, believe me!"
"I will never forget you!" Kezmin whispered as their hands slowly slid apart.
For a long while they looked deeply into each other's eyes. Nathan wished with all his heart that he could take her in his arms and hold her, but he could not. Slowly he turned and, after looking back at her one more time, wishing to burn her image forever upon his mind, he smiled ever so slightly as he spoke once more. "Goodbye Kezmin!" 
"Goodbye!" She replied softly, "I will miss you!"
The young prophet then turned his eyes to the road before him and began his journey home! 
**********
Sleep eluded Kezmin that night as she lay down on her soft bed and pulled the light blanket up over herself. The night was a bit warmer than it had been being, and so she left the outer wooden shutter opened wide, which placed only the inner lattice between her and the night. 
While lying there upon her bed, she began to think about Nathan and wondered how far he had made it in his journey home. She was glad that the rains had not returned and hoped he found a good place to stay the night. Soft whispers of prayer were upon her lips as she fell asleep asking that the young man would be safe and that the strife which seemed to be consuming him, would cease. The bluish moonlight fell softly across her face as she drifted into deeper slumber and soon she began to dream a dream.
Not unpleasant at first, yet the dream quickly began to take on strange aspects. Standing alone in a large stone-paved hall she was looking upon an enormous map spread wide upon a great table which was also made of stone. Kezmin stepped nearer and saw that it was really a leather canvas with a map inscribed upon it,
As she gazed upon the map, it began to grow steadily larger until it filled the room and at last, the hall itself disappeared, leaving her to stand under the shimmering light of the moon in the openness of night! Yet the stone table with the map spread out before her remained.
The map upon the canvas as well as the stone table continued to increase until they appeared to fill the very earth! As she observed all of this, mystified in her mind, the earth became the map and the map became the earth and the two were now one. It was then that Kezmin realized that she herself was lifted up among the stars looking down upon the vast map and it was very great indeed! 
Roaring waves from the western ocean broke upon the blackness of its rocky banks and filled the night with their crashing, almost violent noises. Near the shore, beginning in the north and running downward was her home, the land of Israel!
With great earnestness, she studied the whole map carefully, but specifically her own nation with each of its tribes as kingdoms designated with deeply carved lines. 
Indeed, the dark borders of each tribe were perfectly etched into the map so that she could distinguish each one from the other plainly. Judah lay to the south and then, as she followed the outlines upward, she could see each of the others. There was Gad, Ephraim and Manasseh and all of the other tribes of Israel. The lands of each tribe were presented as separate kingdoms plainly, and yet the map also showed them as one nation with an etched line placed around its border which was carved even deeper than any of the others. 
Within her mind she was carefully observing each of these kingdoms until a strange thing began to happen. The map began to alter in its shape and Israel became much smaller and there were now distinct and black borders defining all the other nations that surrounded her. 
Kezmin watched all of this, wondering what the meaning was and why she was seeing it. As her eyes fixed themselves upon these nations, she noticed a black center to each begin to grow upward like the forming of a great mountain. Quickly they expanded and began to struggle and heave as if convulsing with great and fearful energy within themselves. Looking on with keen interest, she further observed that there was one such mountain at the heart of Israel as well. It did not convulse as the others, but rather grew slowly upward, also having the semblance of a mighty mountain! They all grew together until the map was filled with only these black convulsing mountains that surrounded the land of Israel! 
At that time an extraordinary thing began to take place! As her eyes were fastened upon the black mountains, they slowly began to transform into creatures of the wild, at which time they came up out of the map and stood upon the earth! Some were wolves but there were also wild boars, leopards and bears. The nation near the roaring waters on the western sea, which was Philistia, became a great black panther and began to move in the direction of the Kingdom of Israel. When the panther cast its yellow eyes upon the mountain of Israel, the other beasts followed. Astonishment filled Kezmin’s mind as she watched them begin to creep forward until they had all risen up and were circling the black mountain in the midst of them, which is Israel. 
There was now great fear in Kezmin’s heart as she viewed the scene from the heavens. Her eyes were fixed on the mountain of Israel when she first saw a slight movement within as she realized that it too had life. 
Slowly the mountain of Israel began to take on the form of a man sleeping upon the earth, his hood covering his head. The wild beasts crept closer. Deep growling from the mouths of the wolves and leopards filled her ears. As Kezmin closely watched all of this, she realized that there was a great evil present that threatened to envelope everything upon the entire map! Closer and closer the wild beasts circled the black, sleeping figure. 
At that time, where the stars had been, great clouds rushed in and filled the heavens, rumbling softly at first. But soon they jarred and crashed and powerful thunder began to roar. Enormous bolts of lightning filled the heavens and Kezmin grew exceedingly fearful! The lightening began to touch the earth all about the slumbering man and Kezmin felt a great fear and dread for his safety. Vast flashes of lightening lit the skies and thunder roared until the whole world was in upheaval. Yet, the man lay upon the earth. 
A great and powerful arm of lightening, far more powerful than all the others, split the heavens asunder! Vast banks of clouds moved to the right and to the left and from the midst of them a bright star began to fall downward from out of the heavens. It was a dazzling star like no other and it fell upon the earth and its force awoke the man that lay upon the earth. When it did, he immediately stood up. His eyes were, themselves, as two great stars shining with intense brightness. As if searching the stars for answers, he lifted his hands up into the heavens. But, just as soon as he did so, again they closed, and the lightening again blasted the earth relentlessly
Still the beasts circled him and crouched for an attack, preparing to leap upon the lonely figure. Kezmin watched the form of the man until suddenly she was aware that he was a prophet! She was, therefore, torn with fear and she cried out in her dream, her voice calling in the direction of the standing man. When she did, the panther leapt forward and Kezmin, who was now gripped powerfully by fear, rose up in her bed, jolted awake. Gasping for breath, her heart pounded within her breast as she sat trembling! Slowly she began to calm, realizing that she had only dreamed a dream! 
As the soft moonlight shone into the room, shadows made by the slender straps of lattice within the window, were being cast across her face while she sat and meditated on all the visions within the dream! A gentle breeze stirred about her as she listened to a lamb from her uncle’s fold softly bleating!



Chapter Four
The Giant of Elah

Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the name of the LORD our God.   Psalm 20:7


The morning sky unfurled like a vast painted canvas upon which had been brushed a rich array of mingled colors. Above the surrounding mountain peaks, and suspended at great length, was a slender band of wine and scarlet colored clouds. Their lush hue deepened as the sliver of daylight penetrating its mist grew more intense. Yet, they were dissipating quickly and soon the morning sunlight would restore the heavens to a vast canopy of blue.
The valley was rather small and it sat crosswise to the rising sun, causing the first light to fall upon a mix of rock and partial greenery covering the hillsides of its western slopes. Lower down the grass became much more abundant. 
It was early summer. A young shepherd boy, just awaking from a sound night of sleep, opened his eyes to take in the glorious view above him. A few sheep beginning to bleat broke him away from pleasant dreams. He was completely encircled by them, and many of the small lambs were just lifting their heads and looking around as the darkness faded, giving way to another warm and sunny day. 
The shepherd quickly threw his blanket aside and rose up to stir the embers of fire that he had built the night before. In little time he had it blazing again and was warming the small loaf of wheat bread which, along with a cut of cheese, would provide him with a substantial breakfast. Wrapping his quilt around his shoulders, he drank cold water from his flask and ate the small but satisfying meal. 
David would lead his sheep back up to the high fields of the north rim today. A sufficient rain fell there a few days earlier that would result in more fresh grass for his sheep. He was glad it had come. Otherwise it would have been necessary to guide them around by a more southern and lower route, which would have delayed his return home. He missed being there - the evenings and nights spent with his family - but he also loved being out here in the open fields. 
The sun was rising quickly and it was time to get the sheep moving. After packing up his small amount of gear he took his shepherds staff and fastened a pouch to his belt and began to walk toward the high ridge. Once he gently pressed one of the lead sheep to head off, the others quickly fell into place, and he was on his way. 
David really never understood why his older brothers hated taking care of the sheep so badly. His father gave him this task the year he had turned fourteen, old enough to be responsible for their care. After nearly two years he still loved shepherding and considered it a great privilege to have the work committed to him. So far not one lamb had been lost to mischief or mishap. It was a great responsibility and one that gave the youth a real sense of importance. Besides that, it was a great pleasure sleeping out in the open by the fire, under the stars, practicing with his sling shot, pretending to fight enemies on every hillside! There was always something to keep his mind entertained and he never grew tired of being there. 
The boy loved the sheep as well. As a rule there were more than seventy head in his father’s flocks at any given time and he cared for all of them diligently. Some of them he had even given names. For instance, one had the name 'Stumbles' because from the time he came into the world he was constantly stumbling and it had taken him much longer than usual to gain strength in his legs. The shepherd had aided the ewe in giving birth to the little lamb and she delivered him with more than usual difficulty. In his first days of life the boy had carried the lamb in his arms and rested him over his shoulder until he was able to walk and keep up with the others. The first few times he sat him down to walk on his own, he stumbled constantly and often had to be taken up again until he gained more power in his legs. From that time forward, however, Stumbles always stayed right at the shepherd-boy's heels.
Locating the very best fields of grass for his sheep had always given the young shepherd a great deal of pleasure. All the best water holes were well charted out in his mind and he often took them there. 
David found that he loved being relied upon to protect the sheep. As he grew older he nearly felt like he would endanger even his own life if need be to see that no harm came to them. More than once, with his trusted sling, he had killed wolves that were attempting to carry off his smaller lambs. One lion and one bear had also been slain, though it was also true that even his father looked at him with great suspicion when he told his family of the dangerous events.
It was in those days and nights that David spent in the isolation of the desert that his mind was developed in its own unique way. Having, from his very youngest years, a deep predilection toward God and the wonder of His being, he turned his long contemplations thus and considered all that a young man's mind might comprehend. Often, while gazing into the heavens, he wondered how so great a being could possibly wish to have any inclination toward man! He marveled as he accumulated evidences in his heart that expressed to him that, indeed, this God loved man with a great love. All the good that He had set upon the earth was His witness. And so David, even as a young shepherd boy, spoke with God in the fields and, in a strange sort of way, they were like friend with friend. In all of this the youthful shepherd grew steadfast in his conviction that, first of all, there truly was a God in heaven, and, also, that He could be relied upon completely if a man trusted and believed in Him. These were the thoughts that filled his days and nights. All and all, his life was filled with contentment and he was very satisfied with his place under the stars. 
For all of these reasons David was not all that excited when his brother, Shammah, came riding across the meadows at full speed to beckon him home to his father's house. They had a visitor and he wished to meet Jesse's youngest son! 

There was always a sense of peace when the boy crossed the shallow hilltop on the north rim and looked down upon his home. The view was a marvel with its surrounding hills and large orchards, gardens and pools that encircled a splendid house. His home, the house of Jesse of Judah, was a truly beautiful dwelling. It was built by his great grandparents several generations before - Ruth and Boaz - and was held as a place of great distinction in Bethlehem and even all of Judah. It was good to be returning there after many days and nights spent on the open fields.
The house itself was more or less square with several arched entryways and wide windows which were all set up with fold-in shutters. It was a construction of large, quarried stones of a sandy white color that were carefully cut and set. Thickly growing overhangs of lush green vines covered large segments of the stone walls. Some of these grew from perfectly groomed beds at the base of the structure, and some of them fell down from the rock gardens which were a part of the upper courts that, in turn, helped provide coolness for the warm Mediterranean summers. The walls were higher than those of the common houses, for Boaz had been a man of wealth. The rooftop was a floor that set atop a portion of the house to the front, and provided a place where guests could be entertained or the family could sit and visit in the long evenings. 
Upon arriving, David was informed by yet another older brother, Abinadah, of the identity of the person that waited inside to see him. One can only imagine the astonishment of the young man when he learned who it was that sought him – no one less than the great Seer of Israel himself, Samuel of Ramah! David knew him well from those times he had been to Shiloh with his family, and he held the man, as did all of Israel, in deep esteem. 
Quickly walking the short path of white stone paving, he passed through the rock archway that fronted the noble house. The inside court where he now directed his steps was a large room set at the heart of the house and from which many different rooms broke off. Finely polished cobblestone of a deep red appearance set apart the central area and it was open to the sky above. To one side was a small raised garden with an abundance of vines and shrubs. Several stone benches with elegantly carved backs and legs were scattered around the enclosure, some of which were protected by overhanging roof lines so that the family could set here and visit while soft rains were falling in the center of the court. Hanging above the doors and window openings were richly colored drapes suspended from cedar poles, most of which stood partly opened. Also, artistry of striking and vivid character was painted right onto the white plaster walls along with a selection of vibrant-colored quilts, and they too, draped from polished cedar polls along the walls. 
On two sides of the court were narrow corridors set apart from the rest of the room by a run of elegantly carved wooden pillars. From these the other rooms broke away and they also led to the stairs that provided a way to the rooftop court. Overall, the house was very impressive and exceptionally grand for the people of Israel. 
David entered this central part of the house, which was filled with many of the members of his family - his mother and father as well as several of his brothers. There were many neighbors who came to visit when they heard that Samuel was coming to Jesse's home and, of course, there was the great prophet himself. It was with a hesitant step that David entered the court. As he did, the room quickly grew quiet. At first he walked a short distance and then stopped, not knowing actually what to do. It was his father who, having been standing a short distance behind the revered guest, beckoned the boy with his hand to come closer. David slowly began to make his way to stand before the visitor. It was true that he had seen the man a good many times at the yearly festivals, but not ever under these conditions. 
The presence of the prophet was captivating, but also humbling in David's young mind. Truly, he was an imposing figure! His very person embodied a formidable, if not mystifying presence, and his ennobled bearing only served to heighten the perception. The prophets snow white hair hung down long over his broad shoulders and his beard reached nearly to the deep scarlet sash that was wrapped around his loins. The heavy, woven robe he wore was as white as the man's hair and in one hand his long fingers were wrapped around a rather tall, wooden staff. 
But the prophet, too, was enamored, as if captivated by the mixture of simplicity and youthful fortitude that he witnessed in the young sheep herder approaching him. From the moment that Samuel saw David his eyes lit up and his heart leapt within him. The face that had looked somewhat wearied just a slight moment before now appeared quickened and intense, as if there had suddenly been a rekindling of his ancient spirit. He fixed his deep and somber eyes on the young man's face. 
The young shepherd's heart was now beating rapidly and he felt awash in a cloud of uncertainty. Coming to a halt about two paces away from the Seer. he bowed himself in reverence. Ever so slowly the youth lifted his head again and spoke softly. "My Lord, your servant David of the house of Jesse!" Again he bowed his head. The prophet did not reply at that moment, so engrossed was he in his examination of the young man standing before him. Slowly he moved closer and then stepped from one side to another. The more Samuel gazed upon and examined him, the more radiant his face became. It was not the fact that the boy was comely to look upon, though he was, but it was the spirit that shone through his eyes that made the Seer's heart warm to him at once. A bright true-heartedness without the least tinge of arrogance or self-importance! 
Before the young sheep keeper arrived Jesse had presented his other seven sons to the prophet upon his request, and seven times they were dismissed without confirmation and in his own mind he questioned things. But now his heart was filled with the certainty of the one that now stood before him! 
Twice the old man stamped his staff against the floor and took on a settled expression. Abruptly he turned, causing the bottom of his robe to flare outward as he swung around. He appeared a man suddenly braced with purpose! "In the morning I am presenting a fellowship offering in Bethlehem. Bring the boy to stand before me there!" Then, without speaking again and, with his servant by his side, he abruptly left out the doorway and departed the house. 
**********
The sun had just arisen as great numbers of people gathered at the altar of stone that sat on a small summit above Bethlehem. Already Samuel had the sacrifice cut and prepared, laid out on the altar with an ample supply of wood beneath, ready to be set on fire. In a short time there were hundreds of people gathered and Jesse and his sons were at the front of the crowd. On the back side of the great floor, somewhat behind the altar, stood a group of twelve city elders. 
The altar at Bethlehem had been erected many years before and was built rather large due to the fact that the city had, for centuries, been a trade as well as a worship center. At that time the ground and floor were situated on one of the highest hills overlooking the city so that the ceremonies could easily be observed by those gathered around it on all sides. 
As the sun broke over the eastern hills and shone down, reflecting off the white stone, Samuel stood with staff in hand and looked out on the great audience. Seven priests stood in line on the far side of the altar, each wearing the holy linen ephod. In the hands of the first priest was a large scroll, one of the ancient and sacred writings of the Torah, and he was reading the words of Moses. The sun rose higher in the sky and soon its rays began to warm the people. In only a short time the sacrifice would be offered up.
When the priest finished his reading the prophet slowly moved to the front of the stone floor and looked out on the gathering before speaking. After observing them carefully for some prolonged moments he finally lifted his voice and began to speak. "Children of Bethlehem. Today you shall be witnesses of me that I have fulfilled my commission before the Lord our God in one last and very important matter. And this would be that, before my days have ended, I should anoint a new King in Israel!"
At these words a great noise went up from the crowd and their faces were filled with astonishment. The effect was even greater on those of the house of Jesse as they quickly recalled the events of the preceding day. 
After halting some time and, letting his words sink in, Samuel continued. "However, first I bid you listen to my words. As you well know, Israel is not like the nations around us which, in ignorance, place the safety of their people on the mutterings of soothsayers and mediums. Our God does not leave us to grasp for Him in darkness, but, as it has pleased Him, He raises up prophets to whom he speaks His will and purposes." 
"Upon the prophets the ends of the earth hang, for upon their words will all things take place, and nothing will happen which they shall not first foretell. They are God's master work and there will never be any to exceed them. Moses, who spoke as God's voice, taught the people that if a man proclaims himself to be a prophet, his words must be accompanied with signs, wonders and miracles!" 
"I call you all to remembrance this day that, from my youth, I have been a vessel chosen by God and my words have never lacked those signs that are meet for a servant of God. And by my hands has God, in mercy, wrought miracles and wonders of which all of you have witnessed. For as Moses declared, such things shall accompany his chosen messengers, to give assurances that their word is from Him alone." 
"Bear me witness, therefore, that not one word that I have spoken by the will of the one who sent me has ever fallen to the ground, but all has been fulfilled." 
"Yet, this day I render my greatest service to the Hebrew Kingdom. Today I give you a king and, regarding earthly kings, his glory shall never be surpassed so long as the earth endures!" 
As the aged prophet broke his speech, he looked down on the crowd and a great hush fell on all of those gathered. Lifting the end of his staff, he then pointed it toward the young shepherd boy he had just laid eyes on the day before. "David, son of Jesse, of the tribe of Judah! Separate yourself from your father and mother, from your brothers, and come stand with me here, for you are chosen of the Lord for a great work. He has much to say to you in the presence of His people, Israel."
No one in the whole of Bethlehem could have been more astonished at these words than David himself! Slowly the crowd moved back away from him as he stared up into the face of the prophet, trying to understand all that was taking place. "Did the prophet really speak to him?" He wondered. But, as he looked around, even his father and brothers moved back and all gave him room. 
Samuel’s voice grew soft if not gentle and he, again, called to David. "Do not halt or wonder at the Lord for He knows your heart and has chosen you to do a great thing in the Kingdom of Israel. Come now that I may anoint you King before all these witnesses!"
After looking back at his brothers one more time, David slowly began to move toward the steps that would carry him up to the prophet on the great floor. Beneath him his legs trembled as he made himself place one foot ahead of the other. A cloud of uncertainty filled his mind, for it seemed unbelievable, this thing that was happening. He climbed each step as if he was in a dream, his mind reeling and filling up with more questions. In a brief moment he was atop the great stone floor and only a few paces away from the prophet himself. Still moving hesitantly, he made his way to the seer and stopped just a step or two in front of him, casting his eyes downward. 
Certainly there was nothing kingly about the boy's appearance today, yet, Samuel loved the spirit of the youth that stood before him. There he was before the eyes of all the people, a young man clothed in vesture and tunic of deep red, a wide deep brown, almost black leather belt and matching leather sandals, with cords wrapped about his ankles and lower legs. His shiny hair was long, falling down over his neck and the back of his shoulders. He bore a slender body, that of a young man summoning a manhood that had not yet fully arrived. Comely and winsome, still just a boy without airs and lacking any great achievements to recommend himself! Yet, nearly instantly the whole gathering seemed taken if not becharmed with the youth standing before them.
And no wonder! The times were tumultuous and King Saul was growing less popular every day. Perhaps even feared! The kingdom was being threatened by constant invasions and there was fear of a massive attack from the Philistines once again. Here was a shining new face of innocence, a glimmer of fresh hope and, not only so, but Samuel, esteemed, venerated and patriarchal, old Samuel, was advocating the kingship of the boy!
More than that, all of Israel knew that Saul's relation with Samuel had greatly deteriorated and, thus, many felt that the king was leading the people away from the ancient ways! There was a growing body that wished to see reclamation and a return to truer paths.
Samuel turned and faced the crowd, then swept his hand around toward David and began to speak passionately. "As the God of our father's is my witness, within the depth of my soul, there is not one sliver or trace of reluctance in my attesting that here . . . here stands God's chosen King!" Even Samuel did not anticipate the reaction he received from these words. Unexpectedly, the great gathering burst out with cries of approval and clapping and shouting, so much that at last Samuel had to quiet them by lifting his hands high in the air. When all the noise died down, he continued. "Son of Jesse. I bid you to listen to my words carefully. Some thirty years ago the God of all Israel spoke to me in a dream and indicated that I should anoint Saul, the Benjamite, to be king over His people. God had spoken and I was his messenger. He who knows the beginning of all things as well as their ends, makes no mistakes and nothing He says ever fails. At that time God raised up Saul to unify the many into one so that the tribes of Israel should become one kingdom which shall stand forever. A kingdom that shall, one day, bless all peoples of the earth. A kingdom above all kingdoms. Saul has fulfilled his work but, because his heart did not cleave to God and he has allowed disobedience to enter, he shall be removed as King forever. Nor shall the house of Saul any longer rule God's people. For God has chosen Himself another king and this day he stands before you!"
Again the crowd lifted up their voices and shouted at the words of the prophet. Again he was forced to pause for some time. "To Saul I spoke that which the Lord God gave me to speak, but I tell you truthfully that what I said to Saul I spoke measured out most carefully. I whispered it, as it were, in a corner, but to David I declare it from the mountain tops, and what I speak to the son of Jesse I speak in abundance. The glory of the house of David shall be tenfold that of the house of Saul, and the hand of God Almighty shall rest upon you all the days of your life, and your children shall reign in Israel for generations." 
"Today you are a boy, unknown and without distinction, an unlit star in the firmament of heaven. But in the days to come, God will do such a great thing by your hand that a man's tongue will tingle to speak of it to his neighbor and your valor shall spread throughout the whole of the world! Under your scepter a great kingdom will blossom forth and flourish. The cub shall become the lion and reach out to crush the enemies of Israel like the crackling of thistles beneath her paws. And yet the strength of your arm shall be like iron toward the cause of the righteous and needy. Like a shepherd you will guide Israel and by the house of David shall God establish His own Kingdom forever! I, his servant, have been sent to anoint you King!” 
The shouts that now erupted were deafening and it filled the valley as the people cried out their approval. Samuel then, after taking up a horn of oil, turned toward David and lifted it high above his head and began to pour it forth. As the sacred oil flowed from the vessel and fell on David's head the shouting grew even louder. For a moment a slight, innocent smile crept over the young man's face as the oil ran down upon his body and then dripped onto his feet. Yet, mysterious things were taking place within the heart of the boy being anointed. As the smile faded it left him with a heart endued with a new faith and confidence, as if the oil had suffused into his being a transformation and he looked up into the heavens. As the moments passed a strange occurrence began to completely engulf David as if his world began to spin around and he was caught at its center. Abruptly, a great wind suddenly swept over the whole valley and blew over the crowd powerfully. The wind blew the old Prophet's clothing and hair back and yet he stood transfixed, looking at the face of the young king to be. The rushing air did not abate, but gathered up more force and the people hushed their shouting. 
Then, with startling power, it blew upon the piled wood beneath the sacrifice which, of its own accord, burst into a sudden blazing fire ignited by unseen forces, its flames leaping up to consume the sacrifice! 
David was unaware of any of this. The Spirit of the Lord had come upon him mightily! His body shook as inexplicable waves of power and emotion swept over him and flowed through his entire being. He lifted his arms into the heavens in a posture of praise to God though his mind seemed far away. The young man’s body felt a mighty force moving through it and he felt as if he could leap from one mountaintop to another, as if he could reach up and take hold of the stars! This unimaginable power seemed nearly overwhelming as it provoked a deep, compelling desire, an utterance that strove for release in his depth and pressed his lips. Though he fought to constrain it, yet it burst forth. It was a swelling cry of exhilaration mingled with and carried upon a force within and without himself! Like a fire burning within his soul, it struggled to be set free. Upon the wind it leapt forth and, so loud and mighty was the sound of his voice that it filled the valley and it resounded with a great reverberating echo! A wail, a youthful scream that lasted and was carried by the Spirit of God like a mighty wind across all of Israel. Yet, that was not all. His voice was like the cry of a mighty angel, directed and powerful. The passion being released from his soul at last took form and he cried out to the heavens. “This kingdom shall stand . . . FOREVER!!" The sound of his words rang out over the surrounding mountaintops and for a long while echoed down throughout the deepest regions of the valley before him. 
 
David's life would never be the same from that day forward. However, as the months and years passed by and nothing happened to support Samuel's prediction that the young man was destined to be king, even his father, Jesse, began to question if these things were true. After all, Samuel was now growing older, perhaps he was mistaken! Nonetheless, David did not let go of the promise. He turned his attention to learning to use the sword and was trained by his father and older brother Abinadah in the finer skills of the warrior. He became very adept at soldiery and his body grew strong. Yet, he continued in keeping his father's sheep as well and was very content in doing so. The months ran into years and the events and prophecies of Bethlehem seemed to all but slip out of the minds of all those that surrounded the young shepherd boy. Yet, David kept them in his heart and believed.
**********
This morning the young shepherd that would be king played his flute cheerfully along with the rhythm of the jangling cart and the soft pounding of the mule's hooves as they all made their way down the dusty road. He was on his way to Mount Elah where his brothers were enlisted to fight with King Saul's army against the terrorizing Philistines. The distance from his home near Bethlehem was less than fifteen miles but, because the mule that pulled his load of supplies was so slow, he was now well into the morning of the third day of his journey. 
The young man suddenly dropped the flute from his lips and began to listen carefully. Marching soldiers! It was an unmistakable sound! With haste David placed his hand on the reins about the mule's neck and halted the cart right in the middle of the road. Returning the flute to its place in one of the pouches on the mule's back, he turned and began to scurry up the hillside separating him from the noises he was now hearing. After quickly maneuvering a somewhat rocky summit the tramping sounds grew louder and, just as he cleared the hilltop, he found himself looking down over the whole valley of Elah at a great military affair that was being set in array beneath him. 
On the north side set the camp of Israel and on the south, that of the Philistines. David had a clear view of all that was transpiring and he could hear the constant chant of the Philistine soldiers. Thousands of men standing in long, unbroken ranks lined up along the south edge of the valley. Elah presented a very broad expanse so the distance between the two forces was considerable. 
The Israelites were positioned on the upper end of the valley and, as David observed them, he thought their silence was rather strange. Nonetheless, the vast number of soldiers standing there in perfect rank in the morning sunlight was truly an awesome sight! 
This was the young shepherd's first time to see a true military campaign and it was staggering, if not fearful, to look upon. Slowly he made his way to a closer perch so that he could observe all that was happening below him. A stir near the center of the enemy's lines caught David's attention when they began to separate as if making way for royalty. At that moment the boy's eyes fell upon a formidable sight! An enormous man of giant stature, walking with an arrogant stride, made his way past the men as they divided to let him through. From where the shepherd boy was positioned the man looked to be no less than nine or ten feet tall! With a deliberate procession he made his way past the ranks of soldiers and David could not help thinking that he truly possessed a most terrifying appearance! 
Once he had cleared the front lines, this beastly looking person halted and looked out over the valley. A thick and heavy looking tunic of pleated brown leather hung around his loins and reached almost down to his knees. He was gird at his waist with a matching deep leather belt studded with a series of metal ornaments all the way round. It had an extremely large buckle at its center and this had the image of a human skull made into it. The buckle was made of finely beaten bronze. The underlying garments of his upper body were of a vividly dyed blue cloth topped with a breastplate of deep brown leather matching his tunic. The breastplate was overlaid with shining bronze also beaten and formed to fit his shoulders and neck perfectly. Overall, his body projected the appearance and power of an ox. His powerful legs, which looked like tree trunks, were equally as muscular, and his feet were shod with heavy leather sandals, having cords that wrapped up around his legs from the ankles to his knees. On his head was a solid helmet of metal that shone brightly in the reflecting sun. Long, braided hair flowed out from under the helmet, falling down over his shoulders and back. His beard was black and somewhat bushy and a furiously large nose seemed to emphasize the extreme depth of his bulging eyes. 
David could see that the sword he brandished in his right hand was truly stunning. Its size and appearance was formidable with a hilt made of studded gold and precious stones. The thick, long blade shimmered in the sunlight. Truly, it was an instrument made for slaughter!
As David watched, the giant came to stand on a small rocky outcrop on the edge of the valley, looking as if he intended to speak. After gazing for some time at the opposing army, the giant began waving his sword to and fro and roared like an animal while flexing his arms with sword flashing in the morning sun! There he stood like a beast looking back and forth between his own ranks and those across the valley where the subdued Hebrews waited for his oft repeated revilements. His piercing words rang throughout the whole valley as he threw his head back and began to call out. "Where is my challenger? Another day and, yet, no man comes to fight me!" He paused after speaking these words and he peered across the valley as if waiting for a reply. Then he continued. "Forty days I have sought him. Where is the man I have asked to fight these many mornings? Are all the sons of Israel cowards?" Again he paused but only briefly. "I am making this easy for you, Israel. You only have one god, but surely he can embolden at least a single man to brave the task of my demands? Yet, I see no challenger comes to Goliath today!"
With this he halted his speech and turned about displaying himself as the giant he was. He roared and cursed Israel while strutting back and forth. After a while his voice again bellowed out across the valley. "Are the Hebrews all children that they will not come out to me? Little children who play at war? Oh, let us be quiet! I think I hear a faint cry! Ah, yes, I do! I hear your mothers calling you. Come home. Come home, little ones. Run home to your mothers at last!" At this point the giant turned about, laughing at his own ridiculous words as did the men behind him. The Philistine camp was filled with jeers as soldiers there added their own insulting remarks, though David could not hear most of what they were saying. The giant continued to walk up and down and wave his mighty sword high in the air. Slowly, with more taunts, he worked the crowd of soldiers into an agitation. He, then returned, to his perch on the rocks and spoke. "Are all the men of Israel like mice then? Little mice who fear that Goliath could be the cat! Come to me, little mice. Come and fight Goliath! Surely there is one brave mouse in Israel that will strap on a sword!"
Then, suddenly his countenance and tone changed as if he grew angry. "You cowards! Spineless . . . helpless cowards! Perhaps you need more than one god, Israel! Or perhaps your one god is too small to fight Goliath! Or yet, maybe he chooses to stay inside today. Oh, maybe . . . just maybe, he has gone for help!” Goliath turned and shook his sword wildly at his men as they laughed and shouted. His boisterous attitude seemed to ignite them to a near frenzy. They all laughed and shouted their approvals and taunts across the valley toward Israel's ranks. The giant then shouted out as loud as possible. "Oh, do I feel a trembling in this valley? Yes! I do! And I think it comes from there!" he cried and pointed at the opposing ranks. "Israel, your trembling is shaking the whole earth! Are you Hebrews trembling? Are your legs shaking so badly? Do you tremble all over like a trapped rabbit in the bush? Can you not be men. You shake and tremble at Goliath and your shaking and trembling makes this whole valley quake! Why are you trembling so?" 
As David looked on with amazement he watched the swelling enemy rank arouse themselves into a craze. As they screamed out their taunts, they eventually began to take on a repetitious form.
"Trem . . . ble," and they stomped four times. "Trem . . . ble," the voice of thousands cried out, and again the crushing sound of stomping feet. "Trem . . . ble! Oh Israel Tremble before the might of Philistia!" and again four repeated stomps. 
This they continued to do over and over, making an enormous commotion that filled the entire valley with a deafening roar! 
All of this continued for a long while as David looked on with sore amazement. He could hardly believe what was happening before his very eyes! How could Israel allow this to continue? After some while of observing Goliath, the Hebrews broke up and returned to their tents in utter dismay.
David felt a great wave of anger sweep over his soul and he leapt up and began a steady course to the tents of Israel. He ran like a deer until he at last came to the outer borders of the Hebrew regiments. Panting hard, he at last entered the circle of Israel's tents. After only a moment of gathering his breath he turned and motioned his hands toward the men going about their tasks. "Why do we allow an uncircumcised Philistine to disgrace the armies of the living God? Is it not a great reproach upon Israel? That we permit this for one day is unthinkable and what shall one say of forty days! I tell you that this defiance needs to end today!"
Most paid him little attention and only one or two of the many men who were gathered in groups about the camp even lifted their heads. But David would not be deterred and, with even greater fervency, lifted his voice higher and called out again. "Listen to me!" He cried out repeatedly. "All of you listen to what I have to say. This is no way to react to a threat against the House of Israel. Is the God of Joshua any less mighty today than when our fathers first crossed the mighty Jordan? This man, Goliath, though great in stature is truly insignificant and his voice is only the buzz of an insect in the ear of God. We must summon our courage and bring down this great reproach that is now leveled against the armies of the living God!" 
As David continued, the passion in his voice began to stir something deep inside the hearts of the soldiers around him until, though with reluctance, a sizeable group of men slowly began to respond to his words and gather up around him, their expressions still bleak and disconcerted.
"I am telling you this day we should neither fear nor be dismayed at the insults of this bleating voice in the wind. He is but a shadow and our God is as the rising sun.” By now, even as unlikely as it might seem that such a youth would gain their ear, a rather large group of men had gathered up around David and was listening to him intently. The situation had become dire and they knew that soon something would have to break. There was fear in the ranks! 
However, at some distance away, there was one man that heard David's voice and recognized it immediately. It was Eliab, his oldest brother. He was more than ten years David's senior and his deportment was rather commanding. He had made his way up in the ranks quickly as he was a man of great size as well as exceptional skill with a sword. Eliab stood for a moment with his arms folded over his chest. Dressed in full military attire with sword buckled to his side, he bore the appearance of a warrior! Listening for some time to his youngest brother make, what were, in his own mind, outlandish statements, he abruptly stepped forward with the intention of putting an end to David's ravings. Quickly he made his way through the crowd and stood before David face to face. "Why are you saying such things to these men? Don't you understand that this is hard enough without you making matters worse?"
David, though he greatly respected Eliab, had more than once had to defend himself against his disparaging remarks. For that reason he was now on his guard against such statements. "What am I doing wrong this time, Eliab? I am sure, as always, that so far as you are concerned I never have the right to an opinion or word. And I have many times bowed to your affronts, but not today. Today you are wrong, and I will speak and you will not prevent it!"
Eliab's anger was instantly kindled against David and his face reddened as he replied. "You are speaking of things that you have little or no knowledge about! Or perhaps while my back was turned you were fighting at the king's side all these many years!"

David started to reply but Eliab ignored him and continued. 
"So much hangs on this conflict with Goliath the giant that it is far beyond your grasp to comprehend. In submitting himself to fight one on one with any contender on our part, he has placed us in an insufferable position. We cannot decline for several reasons, the least of which is certainly not the number of lives it would save if one of our men were to fight him and triumph. But even this pales in comparison to our shame. What shame we would face if we were to reject his offer! It would be the same as saying there in no man in all of Israel that is his equal! Or worse yet, as even you might consider, it would be paramount to saying our God cannot defend Himself through just one man but that He, rather, requires great numbers!” 
"So where do we find a man of size and strength to match this shadow as you call him? Believe me, we have been looking up and down all of Israel and have yet to find him. So just how do you propose that we handle this affair in all your wisdom? Can you please share that with us? Be so kind as to elaborate your plan because we are certainly all ears!"
David, too, had now grown angry and was prepared to defend himself at any cost. "You contradict yourself, Eliab. On one hand you act as if you consider our courage in God to be the singular standard by which every other matter stands or falls and then you turn around and say we are searching high and low for a man that will match up to this giant we are facing in the field. If God is our standard, how does a man's size enter into the matter at all? If the Spirit of our God is on the man that fights the giant, then the matter is settled, the giant is less than a flea!"
The two men stood for some time with eyes interlocked! But at the moment something was dawning on Eliab. All at once he realized what his younger brother was really thinking. Quickly he reached for David's arm and pulled him aside and began to talk to him in hushed tones. "I don't know what kind of plans you have in your mind but you need to abandon them right now, David! I believe you think that YOU could fight this giant! Believe me, nothing like that is going to happen!"
David pulled his arm out of Eliab's grasp and thrust his face right into his brother's, his own anger now growing furiously! 
"I am not presuming to do anything short of what God might wish me to do. But I will not act the part of a coward so that I might conform to your faithless reckonings. I would rather fight the enemies of God and be mistaken and die, struck down to the earth, than to hide beneath the cloak of your so-called wisdom and be in complicity with those who would allow the honor of God to fall to the ground!" 
"So, in your mind you are some kind of champion I guess! Who are you David? Are you . . .?" and Eliab abruptly cut off his own words before completing them. He suddenly took on an even more hushed tone and spoke again. "This has to do with the old prophets words doesn't it? Surely by now you know that he was mistaken! Let it go! It was not your fault! In his old age Samuel has become too zealous. It was something he hoped for. But he is well past his time and his mind does not function properly any longer, and I say that with all respect! If you do not except this, you will end up ruining your own life and disgracing our entire family! Not to mention the fact that you will most likely wind up dead!"
David was more than aware that his entire family felt much the same as Eliab, and yet he did not resent it. He understood that the years had passed and nothing whatsoever had occurred that would have in any way lent itself to supporting the Prophet's claims. Honestly, there were days that David questioned it himself, yet there was a part of him that would not let go. Still, he did understand their sentiments, and, even now, he truly did understand that Eliab was not really being mean or selfish. He truly believed what he was saying and so David calmed himself before replying. "I understand why you would think this, Eliab. After all, nothing has happened to suggest that Samuel was right in the things that he predicted. But none of that has bearing on this day. I simply see this whole event as an opportunity to glorify our God and save our nation at a critical time and you fail to see that."
At these words Eliab, feeling that he could not talk sense into the mind of his younger brother, only replied, "Be the fool then! I have said all I can! But rest assured, if you pursue this kind of thinking, Father will see an empty place at our table when all of this is over.” 
Eliab turned and hastily walked away.
**********
It was hard for David to believe that the king himself had summoned him, and he did feel a certain degree of apprehension regarding it. Still, he said nothing that he was ashamed of and would say it again if the chance arose. 
King Saul's tent was elaborate. It was five or six times larger than any of the others and looked superior in every way. It was made of skins alright, but these were plainly the finest available and seamlessly sewn and dyed a dark red. It had a separate top of dyed blues that was supported on numerous staves. There was a long, wide matching red rug that ran many feet ahead of the doorway to the entrance and beyond. At the doorway were posted two guards and David was quickly ushered past these and into the broad and spacious tent. There the king himself was seated on a small throne-like chair and David bowed himself to the ground. 
"I am told that you are our great defender!" Saul bellowed, with a slight bit of sneering to his voice. 
While still upon his knees with his face cast down to the earth, David replied. "If it pleases The King, I only said that God is our ultimate defender, Sire. That is all, Sire. I meant nothing disrespectful toward our King." David's words reflected some timidity but no fear and his manner instantly appealed to King Saul. 
"Well, as a youth you have only stumbled upon half the truth. We all believe that God is indeed our supreme protector, but what we have been having a problem with is, how does he wish to defend us? Perhaps you have light on this matter that you wish to share!" 
Saul was still speaking with a sense of superiority, not only as King to subject but as man to boy. Yet, his words were not overly harsh for there was something about the youth that made him pause and consider. Therefore, he allowed David to rise to his feet for he had decided to hear him out in this matter. 
David quickly rose up and looked around the tent. He was suddenly somewhat awestruck by the fact that surrounding him were many of the Kings official's, generals and advisors. The Kings son, Jonathan was among them. Yet, with all that, his heart was so stirred concerning the issue of the blaspheming giant just outside their camp that his being timid seemed to have little hold on him at the moment! He looked to the King and spoke plainly and with great zeal. "It's just that I believe that we should not be cowering to an enemy that thinks nothing of defaming the God of Israel. It is true, Sire, that I am just a youth and have yet much to learn about battle. I do not deny it. But I have been subjected to danger more than a few times. It is not as if I have no experience in matters of that kind, Sire."
David was not hesitant to look the King in the eyes as he spoke, for he deeply felt the conviction of what he was saying. Yet, he was careful to bow slightly again, thus trying to eliminate any show of presumption on his own part. 
"You make me curious. David. I can plainly see that you are but a youth and, yet, you infer that you have the experience of a fighting man, that you understand the danger that a soldier must place himself into repeatedly. How is that so? My men tell me that you have not as yet served in my forces, so how is it that a young man such as yourself has come to understand these things?" The King’s voice had now taken on a different tone, not fully in sympathy with David and yet softening to his words. 
"It's just that, Sire, I have kept my father's sheep now for nearly six years. And it is there that I fell into situations that offered peril to my life."
There was a wave of laughter that went up from the group of men standing with the King and David's face flushed. The King, himself, could not help joining in, for in some ways it did sound humorous. David knew that he had to retrieve the moment and he lifted his voice above them and continued loud enough to drown out their noise. 
"Sire, if it pleases The King, my father's house is near the city of Bethlehem and, as everyone knows, it is a region well known for its wild beasts due to the deep forests that lie on our north, toward Ephraim. Far more than once I was forced to deal with not just a single wolf or two but rather they would often come down into the valley in packs and more than once I was forced to engage them to save the lambs of my flock that had strayed. More than that, two years ago a large bear came down among them and would have devoured a sheep but I faced him with my sling and, by the power of God, I slew him in the field and his carcass still lies there to this day!” "On yet another occasion an angry lion began to run the outskirts of my flock with plain intention of devouring one of my lambs. Again, I faced him with my sling and, in the name of the God of Israel, I slew him. Forgive me if I seem presumptuous, but I have no question whatsoever that the Lord our God, the God of our father's would be my defense and, if The King allowed it, I believe with all my heart that He would deliver this boisterous Philistine into my hands this very day!” 
David had now become very intense and the men had ceased their laughter. His words were engaging and the air of confidence about him was compelling as well. As he finished it grew very quiet in the King's tent and Saul gazed on the boy with rapt attention!
It was at that point that King Saul stood up from his throne, walked up near the young man and looked him in the face. "Are you telling me that you wish to be the one that I send out to face this giant?"
"I am, Sire! I would go without hesitation and consider it an honor to do so." 
Saul stared at him for long moments before suddenly turning his body about, taking a few quick paces back to his throne. "This is ridiculous! Get this young upstart out of my tent! I would be the laughing stock of all Israel and every nation about us as well, if I was so cowardly as to send a boy out on the field to meet this menace!" Saul bellowed his words out, yet before he reached his throne, David lifted up his voice again. 
"If it pleases Your Majesty, God has given this Philistine over into my hand. I beg you, Sire, do not let pride rob Israel of a great victory this day. A victory that I am sure of because I know who it is that is the shield over Israel. We dare not make our God as a hart by the brook, bounding off, startled, at the break of a twig. He does not bow down to the threat of evil men! Our God has never failed Israel, and from days of old has He not bestirred Himself and lifted up His mighty arm in our behalf when we trusted Him? He that holds the mountains in His hands and scoops out a place for the waters, what is this giant to him?”
“And yes, perhaps it is but a boy that defies Goliath, but, if you will forgive me, Sire, it is a boy that has heard the voice of God spoken as plainly as if The King himself whispered in my ear! And that voice is like a fire that leaps up within my soul. It makes me wish to run and take my place before this giant. That there the mighty God of Jacob could place his hand upon the hand of David and execute judgment upon this defiant blasphemer! I tell you, Sire, this uncircumcised Philistine will die upon the field and I WILL bring you his head this very day as sure as God lives!!!!"
It was a moment of the like that there are but few in life to match. There was a conviction upon the young man's words that were instantly so moving, so utterly convincing, that in the hearts of every man standing there was ignited a profound respect for the young challenger - a sense that there was much more to him than what might first met the eye. So overwhelming were David's words that Saul stopped in his tracks. His mind was rushing with memories of a time when the Spirit of God had come upon his own person so mightily. How well did he remember that day! 
A long silence prevailed and Saul turned yet again, looking at his advisors who were now nodding approval. Indeed, everything had changed. Had a mighty angel spoken or even smote the ground, the sense of victory could not have been more prevalent. Somehow, all question and doubt had, in one fell swoop, been swept away. Replacing them was a conviction that these were not the words of a mere shepherd boy, but, rather, the feeling that God Himself had just spoken, and the residue of His abiding power, His enduring faithfulness, a thing which many in this tent had lost sight of, was resting upon and resounding within every word uttered! 
A deep sigh escaped the lips of the King as he turned and David was not sure of just what it meant. Yet, the look on his face confirmed that he had indeed yielded. "We have been waiting here now for more than forty days with this prolonged situation and its weight is like a great sword hanging over us. I have ruled as King for more than thirty years and I can honestly say that I have never encountered such a fearful prospect. We are greatly outnumbered so that to fight this man, would be of inestimable benefit to us, yet, so far as stature, we have no man to match. I find myself reaching out to you, young David. I am compelled to put my trust in you, that indeed, God will fight this battle for you and deliver us from this great menace this same day! I will send you forth, then, and that, with the pledge that I have offered these many days, the hand of my oldest daughter in marriage!" 
Saul turned and, again, looked for the approval of his men, which was instantly forthcoming. His spirit, then, being somewhat lightened, he returned his gaze to David and spoke. "Yet I cannot send you out unprepared. You shall have my very own armor and sword!" With that the King began to remove not only his heavy battle tunic and belt, but his breastplate as well, and with the help of two of his guards, began to place them on David. 
As quickly as they had him in full attire, David knew that these were not meant for him. Still holding Saul's great sword in his hand, he began to speak once more. "If it pleases you, Sire, for one thing I am not worthy to wear the King’s uniform, and, further, well, Your Majesty, it really is . . . too large for me!"
There was a rush of laughter at these words for David did indeed appear amusing wearing the King's gear that was so obviously too large for his youthful frame. When David realized what they all laughed at he smiled as well while he continued. "It would only slow me down, Sire. If it pleases Your Majesty, let me go as I am accustomed, with only my sling, for the Lord has promised to deliver this reprobate into my hands just as He delivered the lion and the bear. Please, do not count my words as being ungrateful, but, as the Lord lives, I must go in a shepherd’s attire today!"
Saul would have insisted, for he wondered how anyone could fight without proper armor, but, thinking better of it, he halted and looked the youth again deep in the eyes, a slight sigh escaping his lips yet again before he uttered his next simple words. "So be it. Go, and may the God of our fathers assault this ungodly blasphemer by your hand!"
David turned and with a brave spirit, walked out of the tent past the guards, past his brothers and the other men standing by and headed out toward the valley of Elah. The young man Jonathan, watched him with fascination as he walked away.
**********
It was not as if David did not feel the stirrings of fear. He did! Yet, at the same time he knew that God had spoken! It was a clear cut matter in his heart. Dropping his hand to his side, he felt the sling hanging from its place attached to his leather belt! With a steady gait David aimed his steps southward toward the valley where the giant was still waiting on the small rocky outcrop, occasionally calling out for a contender or filling his time making insults against the Hebrew army.
David was ready to face him! After only a short time he came to the small river known as Elah Brook. Stooping down, he picked up five carefully chosen round stones. There was no question in his mind that God would guide the first one to its destination perfectly, but it didn't hurt to have more in the pouch and he was always on the lookout for stones as nice as these. 
As he straightened back up to a standing position, his ears caught the ravings once again of Goliath and he did feel, for a moment, a shutter of fear. Had he done the right thing? After all, if he was wrong and Goliath was able to kill him, all of Israel would become the slaves to Philistia. He stood there for a moment, listening to the obnoxious insults of the giant madman. Then, something stirred deeply within him. For a moment he closed his eyes and whispered. "From my youth, Oh God, have I served and trusted you. There is no question in my mind that you aided me in slaying the lion and the bear. My only desire is that your honor should be restored and that the whole earth should know that there is but one God in Heaven and Jehovah is His name. May I be the arrow of revenge that, with swiftness, is flung forthwith out of the bow of the Almighty. Into your hands I commit myself. Guide this stone and may it hush the roaring of your enemy and the enemy of all Israel."
David finished his praying but stood there a moment longer. A stirring breeze softly tossed the lower parts of his thin tunic, causing it to flutter in the air. Reaching his hand up, he pushed back the long strands of hair that had blown around over his face. Carefully he took the headband that he kept tied to his belt and wrapped it around his forehead and tied it in the back. He wanted to make sure that the breeze did not cause his hair to obstruct his vision. The sleeveless, tawny-colored tunic left his arms free, a thing most important when using the slingshot. Reaching down, he retied the cords of his sandals high up around the lower parts of his calves so that his steps would be sure and certain. 
With a powerful sense of calm and certainty the youth stepped forward and crossed over the small brook of Elah and headed up the shallow hill that separated him from the giant.
The valley of Elah was at its most lovely time so far as appearance goes. Spring was now turning into summer and the grass, though sparse, was still very green, yet there was no mud or bogs. On this side of the valley there was a good sprinkling of large Terebinth trees spreading their large and low hanging bowers out far from the trunks. David's destination however, would take him well past these to the center of the valley, which had little growth with the exception of a clump of bushes here and there. The ground that appeared between the spreading grass was a light colored sand with a great deal of small rock mixed into it. That is where David now directed his steps. 
It was as he neared the middle of the valley that the awareness dawned upon him of Goliath having grown quiet and that the Israelite army now gathered in massive numbers on the hills behind him. Likewise, the Philistine soldiers, in vast numbers, were also gathering behind the giant! 
David quickened his steps as he realized that the valley had become like an arena and he and Goliath were about to become the focus of attention. Yet, his heart remained fearless and he was ready to bring an end to the villainous boasting voice that had so long taunted and defied Israel. 
As he came closer he could perceive Goliath using his hand as a visor to shield his eyes, which were seeking to determine the stature of the contender coming out to meet him. 
Soon David was no more than fifty paces away, close enough to hear the loud raspy breathing of the giant. 
Goliath could now see who it was that came out to him. His mind was, for a moment, seemingly thrown into disarray. After all, he had been the one to level endless insults at the armies of the north side, and he was sure that, given his great stature, Israel would find their most formidable warrior and gird him in elaborate military attire for a great conflict! But, instead, here was a boy coming out to meet him! Instantly Goliath grew incredibly furious. Nothing could have possibly insulted him more! 
What David saw amazed him and, for a moment, he himself halted in his steps. The giant was shaking his right arm up and down violently while at the same time pulling back his lips to expose his large gritting teeth. In the same hand he held a spear that, to David, appeared to be at least ten feet in length and it plainly weighed a great deal. The giant would be able to throw it with spectacular force and precision so that it traveled with the speed of a well-aimed arrow, yet the javelin was much more deadly due to its size!
Goliath again shook the javelin violently up and down repeatedly in the air. A wild, crazed look filled his eyes and he began to growl deeply in his chest. The top of his head was covered with the large brass helmet, which would withstand the heaviest blow of the sharpest sword. Sweat ran down his face and mingled with the saliva on his lower jaw and chin as he fumed and growled like a mad animal! 
David could not comprehend his belligerent utterances. The giant quickly pulled his sword from its great sheath and, looking again at the young shepherd boy, began taking enormous steps toward him, his immense legs pounding down upon the earth beneath and stirring up dust as he did so. 
At that point David fully realized just how challenging his task was. The man coming out to meet him looked truly invincible! A coat of mail covered not just his shoulders and breasts, but ran down to a mammoth belt that fastened around the girth of his stomach! Beneath this was a leather, pleated tunic hanging down to just above his knees and, of itself, it appeared gigantic, emphasizing his true massiveness! When he flung his naked arms into the air his muscles appeared like small boulders, and his legs were no less impressive! On his gargantuan shoulders set the bearded head of a being that, in David's mind, appeared more bull-like than human! 
Beyond that, he was enraged! So much so that his mouth was foaming and heavy veins protruded visibly from his neck. The spectacle was truly frightful and disturbing! 
The giant halted for a moment, quickly drove his spear into the ground, and then wildly beat his chest with one arm and cried out vehemently, as he cursed into the sky above his head! After doing so for some time, he again jerked his massive spear from the ground and headed toward David, nearly running, and growled out depraved curses as he approached. 
When he was near enough to throw his spear easily into David's chest he halted and began to scream out his wrath in the young man's direction. "Who are you that you come out to meet Goliath, being nothing more than a mere child? Is Israel so desperate? Do you send children out to meet me? Is this some pathetic insult that Israel hopes to hurl at Philistia? Am I a dog that you should come out against me with sticks? "I am the chosen warrior of the Lords of Philistia, the champion of Gath, the glory of the Philistine people! You will pay with your life for this pitiful and insolent gesture!" The giant raged and shook the javelin in his hand and cursed by the gods of Philistia. "Today I will give your flesh to the birds of the air and the beasts of the field! Come to me!"
David, knowing the time was right, reached into his pouch and took a stone, setting it carefully into the sling. As he began to wind it in a circular motion above his head, he spoke back to Goliath. 
"A child, yes, but how much greater the glory for Israel that you should fall this day by the hand of a child! “Do you see me tremble, Goliath? Do my legs buckle in your presence? You concern me about as much as a buzzing fly around my head!"
Even as Goliath was lifting his spear, preparing to take aim, his face turned a deep fiery red. His rage was nearly overwhelming! David continued to speak, the stone in the sling gaining momentum as he swung it with increasing speed. 
"Know this Goliath, today you have uttered your last words in defiance of the Lord God of the Hebrew nation. Let all see and know that there is a God in Israel and that he does not require sword or javelin to win his battles!" As David spoke he could see the eyes of Goliath continue to fill with an unspeakable and uncontrollable rage, yet he continued. "The birds of the field you say! Indeed! This day I shall give the birds and beasts a feast that they shall not soon forget and I will deliver your head to my king."
What David uttered next would be the last thing that Goliath would hear upon this earth! "I come against you in the name of the Lord God of Israel! May you perish today!" Having spoken this, David whispered one more brief prayer, as he let the stone in the sling free to sail through the air toward the giant. 
With such force and speed it traveled that the giant had no time to prepare. In an instance it found the small spot just below the bridge of the giant's helmet and his left eye. There it struck his forehead, sinking deep, its mark having been perfectly acquired. 
Upon both sides of the valley there was not so much as the sound of breathing. The entire field was perfectly silent! All eyes were cast upon the trembling, massive form of flesh as its legs slowly buckled and began to give way, causing his tremendous body to heave back and forth and begin to fall. Like a mountain of rock avalanching downward, his enormous body teetered, its strength crumbling as it slowly leaned forward and then, with suddenness, crashed down to the earth. The massive head and face sank deep into the sand as his entire body quivered and jerked with spasms and rendered one final convulsion of life before ceasing all movement. The giant was dead! 
With a great shout the army of Israel poured down the opposite hillside. The Philistines, in great confusion, began to struggle against each other in an effort to flee. In the ensuing commotion many of their soldiers were tread down to the earth. The Israelites pursued the enemy with all haste and, on that day, they decimated the army of Philistia. It would be some years before they would attempt another incursion into Israel!
********** 
There are battles that determine the course of history as the damming of a river can alter its course forever. Coming at crucial times, they either lend strength to the powers of established nations or allow for invading forces to displace it. 
In these days Israel was in just such a place! Before Elah, she often teetered between extinction and triumph. Her youthful monarchy on one hand, sometimes foundering, and on the other, resisting gloriously against ancient enemies, allowing herself the necessary time to develop a national foothold! The victory at Elah would assure the latter. 
As for David himself, truly he was a mere shepherd boy when he crossed the Elah Brook and entered the Valley of the Great Oak, but he would leave there a warrior! It was this event that parted his entire life between youthful days and manhood. All his steps prior would direct him to this valley but every step forthwith would lead him to a throne. The lightheartedness of youth was displaced forever and the events that transpired on the open fields of Elah, engendered in David the heart of a prince and the spirit of a king! 



Chapter Five
The Journey Home

Surely the . . . commotion on the hills and mountains is a deception; surely in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.   Jeremiah 3:23


The purring hum of an arrow whizzing by very near his head caused Dirytica to pause briefly. In a short time their soft, whistling sounds were multiplied, some broken only by the sickening thud of arrow piercing flesh. The archers were closing in quickly! What it meant to Dirytica was that Saul's small unit would soon be pinned against the rocks with no means of escape! 
Saul and his men, most of whom were Benjamites, had just arrived in this area which was located a few miles north of Jericho. Their intention was to withstand a small band of some seven hundred Philistines who had recently crossed the Jordan valley and was preparing to assault the territories of Gad. A raiding party of this size had not been expected and, even though Saul only had the command of less than four hundred men, he made the decision to strike. To complicate matters, the Philistines had carried a much larger number of archers than they normally would and this, too, was proving to place Saul and his men at a great disadvantage. 
Dirytica had dispatched a runner to call up the stone slingers who had been sent to the back side of the field with the intentions of surprising the Philistines by coming up suddenly from behind. That was before they realized how many archers they faced. As soon as Dirytica perceived the gravity of the situation he sent for them, but time was passing swiftly and they had not yet arrived, leaving Saul and his men on very perilous ground. 
This was the situation unfolding around Dirytica and the danger was escalating rapidly! Within seconds the battle lines would clash and he knew they would almost certainly be overwhelmed. As he caught a glance of the King's eyes for a brief moment, he realized immediately that he, too, understood how dangerous their position had become. Saul had already made his move! Quickly he had begun to make his way to the front lines and it was plain that he had intentions of working his way forward to personally fight the Philistine captain, Mako. It was true that if it was possible to engage him with the sword and kill him that the battle would be over, for it was a fact that the Philistines, without fail, would fall into disarray when their leaders were struck down. However, it was also true that their captains seldom exposed themselves, being careful not to allow such an event. 
Mako however, was a very arrogant man, and soon made it obvious that he had decided to take the risk with the hope of being able to boast of the kill of the famous young warrior-king, Saul. 
As quickly as the King comprehended Mako's plan, he, likewise, set himself in position to meet the adversary's challenge. Saul's own archers were laboring bravely to counter the Philistine attack, but they were easily outnumbered three to one. With every step forward that the archers gained, Saul's men became that much more accessible targets. Already more than two dozen of the King's men lay wounded or dead on the earth and the Philistine archers were not being slowed to any significant degree! 
Where were the slingers? 
The field was open with very few trees, which was also of great advantage to the Philistines. There had been no formal engagement of the battle. It had begun quickly, and, upon commencement, the well-trained enemy lines fell readily into place, wide and spread out, two lines deep, swordsmen in front and archers just behind, often standing near the sword fighter's right shoulder. However, because the Philistines outnumbered Saul's men so greatly their lines were much broader and Dirytica could see the end ranks beginning to bend around to encircle the Hebrew army. They would be swallowed up in a short time! 
The situation was now critical and, for the first time in his life, Saul feared that they might very well be overcome. It was not a frightful assumption on his part as he was certainly war- hardened and had been a part of many close calls in battle, but this one had advanced to the stage of becoming alarmingly dangerous. The young soldier was now bracing his mind for the worst. Prompted by a surge of both zeal and panic, he threw himself forward into the battle line. If he must die, he would take as many of these uncircumcised Philistines with him as possible! That he promised himself!
The arrows were now flying so thickly that nearly every man's shield bore one or two. Indeed, men were falling on all sides and the battle began to look hopeless. Then, from the right side of the ridge, riding at high speed, the stone slingers arrived in a great flurry of motion. In a maneuver that only the Benjamites had perfected, they let their horses come to a rather sudden halt. The beasts, having been taught to lower their heads quickly, allowed the slingers to slide off the front, their weapons already loaded and swinging like whirlwinds in the air. Within the blink of an eye the whole area was filled with the swishing sounds of rocks flung and sailing through the sky at high speed. All happened so quickly that Mako's men were not in the least way prepared. Bodies began to fall to the ground as the stones found their marks, one after another, and within the time that it took a man to breathe once or twice, the number of flying arrows had lessened to only a small part of what they had been just moments before. 
Fifty-four men had been trained from childhood to handle the sling with deadly accuracy and today they acted in perfect unison, coming upon the field as a blazing torrent of military brunt and force. These were Benjamite slingers! No one had ever mastered the sling as had the children of Benjamin!
Vast numbers of Philistine soldiers began to drop to the ground, the larger part of them being archers who were unable to carry shields. Within moments the whole tide of battle had turned. At that same moment the battle lines clashed. 
Saul was now close enough to Mako that the two were looking each other in the eyes as they cleared the way between of them. Dirytica could only catch glimpses of Saul as his great blade first fell downward upon the cutting edge of Mako's sword, the two now engaged in a furious conflict! 
Mako was an enormous man, standing taller than any other Philistine, yet he was no taller than Saul. The two were, in most ways, equal, but Mako was considerably heavier. 
It was always a majestic sight to watch Saul fight. He was truly a man of war and a master of the sword. His body moved with the power and agility of a tiger, smooth, composed and deliberate. Though tall, he could still dodge and even sometimes roll with incredible speed. Being a Benjamite, he was also able to fight with either his right or left hand and this often gave him a great advantage in one on one conflict. 
As men on both sides began to recognize that their two leaders were now engaged in mortal combat, all fighting abruptly came to a halt! Dirytica was, himself, transfixed by the struggle before him and the realization of all that hinged on its outcome. If Saul died, they all died! 
The young King was easily out maneuvering his opponent. but Mako had mighty arms. and when his sword crashed down against Saul's, it was all he could do to keep his footing. Each one knew that death awaited him if he should fail and they fought with deadly intent. Their swords clashed and rang out, their arms and legs flared with taut muscles as tight as the twine on a well-laced bow. Sweat poured off Saul's body like dripping water. 
The tip of Mako's sword fell within a breath of Saul's neck, and only his quick reflexes saved him from its death blow. They struggled and fought like two mighty lions and Dirytica was sure that soon one of them would begin to lose strength. 
Then the fateful moment came! Mako had just raised his sword, thinking that he had at last gained his opportunity to deliver the killing blow, but the King instantly perceived his intention and, with the swiftness of a leopard, pulled his arm back to drive his sword deeply into Mako's unprotected belly! 
So deeply did he pierce the man that the Philistine dropped his sword as his hands instinctively grabbed at the blade that now pierced his bowels so deeply that its tip was emerging from his lower back! His eyes opened wide with agony, he fell to his knees and groaned. 
Saul, knowing that the mortal wound had been inflicted quickly, withdrew the blade of his sword and watched as Mako slumped to the earth and gasped for his last breath, his eyes still fixed on Saul who now stood over him, holding tightly to the weapon that had just vanquished his enemy! Mako let out a deep sigh as his eyes rolled far back into his head, followed by one powerful spasm of his entire body. His head slumped over to one side. He was dead!
**********
Nathan had heard the story repeated many times by his Father. Even now, being the age he was, he would often entreat his Father to tell the events again. He loved hearing the accounts themselves, but also loved seeing the way they had of lighting up his father's face each time he recounted them. 
Dirytica, was a quiet man who shied away from fanfare or bluster of any sort, nor was he given to exaggeration. He didn't need to be. Indeed, the tales of his younger life with the King were illustrious enough of themselves to stir excitement even in the most unimaginative mind.
To Dirytica, however, all of these things seemed to have taken place a lifetime ago. He had been a young man then. Indeed, he was one of the few young men that had followed Saul home to his house in Gibeah, pledging their loyalty forever. That pledge consumed the next twelve years of his life, but had it been up to him, he would have spent the rest of his years on earth in the King's service and at his side. That, however, was not to be. 
At the age of thirty-seven, at the battle of the Kidron, Dirytica was stomped nearly to death by a crazed horse and, though he did survive, his right hip had been so severely damaged that he could never again walk without aid. Saul was forced to dismiss him but not without repaying his years of faithful service by allotting him land and a home at Bethel. Regardless of the King's generosity, these had been some of the most difficult times of his life!
However, in time he did mend and it was in his first year of convalesces that he met his wife, Annashia, of the house of Barak, the Gadimite. His heart was smitten the first time he laid eyes upon her and theirs had been a love that did not fade with passing years, but rather grew only stronger as time ebbed away. 

Such were the thoughts that filled Nathan's mind as he took one brisk step after another on his journey home. The day had been pleasant but, to distract his mind from dwelling on the events witnessed at Gilboa, he purposefully let his thoughts retract many of his father's favorite stories. 
At midday he sat beside a small brook and ate the lunch that Kezmin had so carefully prepared him and leaned back against a tree to rest a while before continuing his long walk. The distance from Shechem to Bethel was more than thirty miles and it would take him nearly two full days longer, given the fact that his body was not completely recovered from the fever. The young man was well aware that his exertions would have to be curtailed to some degree. With that in mind, he carefully planned each day's progress and allowed himself plenty of rest. 
Sitting there and meditating on these things Nathan began to realize that, for the first time ever, he was seeing his father as almost a different man. No doubt this was due to his association with the King, and how he had grown up just taking the matter for granted. He now realized how great a matter it had all really been. Like all of Israel, the King's death was affecting the youth profoundly and there were deep reservoirs of emotion being tapped within his own soul that he never knew existed. For nearly forty years Saul's presence had been like a great rock and shelter, his power and authority, unwavering. Now he was gone, leaving the monarchy, itself, in question and the whole nation in seeming jeopardy. The people were in grief!
Nathan also realized that he had a great deal of personal feelings about the King transferred to him by his father’s loyalty and admiration. It was a grief of its own and one that now loomed over him like a black shadow and threatened to permanently disrupt his entire future. Under these circumstances, naturally, his mind would retell his father's stories again but now in a very different light, and with a very different understanding!
As he rested with his back against the tree, Nathan began to think back on some of his fathers favorite events. Of course one of the foremost memories was Saul's coronation. That was a splendid occasion nearly unsurpassed in the mind of Dirytica. Then there was the first great battle that Saul fought to rid Israel of an ancient enemy but also to permanently establish himself as King of Israel. His Father often told these accounts together, or, at least, that was the way that Nathan remembered it. 
Making himself comfortable, he took up a small twig and lightly chewed on its end as he began to hear his father’s rich voice recounting the event again. Soon, in Nathan's imagination, he was there himself, reliving one of the greatest times in his people's history! 
The coronation, itself, was a time of great celebration and took place at Mizpah, a large city at the heart of Israel. The day was like no other in the history of the children of Israel. In many ways it was the culmination of all the happenings of the last thousand years so far as the Hebrew's were concerned. 
The history of his people had started with Abraham, followed by the four hundred years they had endured as slaves to the Egyptians. These were grueling years, with much suffering. Then there were the emancipation and the conquest of the land they now lived in. 
But even at that, the people had lived here as simple tribe kingdoms for nearly another four hundred years and were only now prepared to assert themselves as a true nation. 
Saul had already been anointed King by Samuel the Prophet many months before. But now it was time to make the choice binding in the presence of all the people. Samuel was well aware that God's action of choosing a king from among the sons of the house of Benjamin would appear almost indecorous. It would be necessary to use the Holy Ephod, a sacred article of clothing, which held a breastplate of stones, employed to determine God's mind. Samuel would cast lots publicly so that all could witness the hand of God making the choice by divine intervention. 
Often, when his father was telling about the coronation day, Nathan would think back on the history of the Benjamites in this connection. It was nothing less than amazing that God should choose his leader from out of their ranks. His mind would go back to the time of the "Great Purge" concerning the children of Benjamin. It had happened long before even Nathan's father was born and, at the time, the house of Benjamin was nearly wiped out completely. 
The city was Gibeah, Saul's own hometown. It was during the time of the Judges and it happened that a Levite man was traveling in the territories of Benjamin with his concubine. He had found lodging in the home of a hospitable man who was, himself, from the tribe of Ephraim but had come to sojourn in the land of Benjamin. That night the unimaginable happened. To the traveler’s utter dismay his concubine was abused and murdered by a group of disreputable men of the city. 
When word spread of this sordid event to all the rest of Israel, they made demands that the peoples of Benjamin surrender the responsible men to be executed, but the elders of the tribe refused. Exactly why they would decline, is still a matter of great wonder. Without question it had to do with the fact that this tribe had always been the smallest among the other tribes, but had made up for it in their prowess in warfare. The Benjamites were the leading men of war among all the tribes! To have demands of this nature thrust on them at the threat of war if they did not comply was unthinkable. It was an insult! 
They refused to give the men up, most likely wishing to pass judgment on the evildoers themselves. There was much rash behavior on the part of the other eleven tribes as well as the Benjamites themselves. The result was a conflict on the magnitude of a civil war and, at the end, there were less than four hundred Benjamite men that survived. All their women and children were dead, executed at the hands of Israel though not by the direct command of God. 
Truly, it was a scar on the history of all Israel. And, to this day, there were those that looked upon the house of Benjamin with great disregard, if not despite! Yet, they were still the greatest warriors that Israel could produce and received great recognition in that regard. Certainly this was true of the young man Saul of Gibeah! 
Saul was keenly aware of all this history. He had greatly questioned Samuel's choice himself, reminding the Prophet first that he was indeed a Benjamite, and more over, that his father's house was insignificant among the tribe and that, further, he, himself, was the least born of his family! 
When the day of his installation arrived Saul was very much feeling all these pressures. Thousands upon thousands had gathered at Mizpah for the great celebration of their young king's enthronement. Most of them had never laid eyes on him, and had no idea what to expect. There had been feasting and festivity for days. The air was filled with a joyous excitement as Samuel began the process that would reaffirm his choice of Saul before the people. 
The lots narrowed down the tribe to that of Benjamin and, at last, to the house of Kish, Saul's Father. At that point all of Israel knew, without a doubt, that Saul was God's choice and, yet, as those standing with Samuel began to look around for the youthful candidate, he was not to be found. A search was made from one end of the crowd to the other and yet no one was able to locate him. 
Saul, for his part, had become more and more disenchanted with the prospect of becoming a king. At first, it seemed like a dream and wonderful to contemplate, but, as the days went by, the truth of it had all settled in on his mind and he questioned whether or not it was even something that he wanted to do. 
Being a great warrior, had always been, his highest desire. Large spans of his growing years had been spent in the training camps and under tutorship in learning the sword and bow. He had become adept at hand combat as well as handling himself well under adverse situations. Fighting was his heart and soul! In truth it was all he had ever dreamed of! Why should he give this all up to be a king and spend long and boring days making decisions and dealing with all the undesirable affairs that would come up when trying to unify twelve bickering kingdoms. Moreover, in his mind, this could hardly be considered a true kingship. The other powers around them would only see him as a joke, so insignificant and backward was his small country! If that were not enough to dampen his spirit, there was this other matter, that is, all of those who would despise him just because he was a Benjamite! These were the kind of thoughts going on inside the heart of the young King. 
Samuel, himself, was aware of all these opposing convictions troubling the inexperienced young warrior. Yet, he also knew that Saul was, without question, God's choice. Already the ceremony had been delayed for a long while as they performed an exhaustive search for the missing Prince. Samuel became increasingly aware that any further delay would hurt Saul so far as the people's perception of him was concerned. A bit of timid reluctance was one thing, as most would allow for some jittery nerves, but if they perceived that his heart was not earnest or if he placed the whole matter on a level of anything less than of the highest importance, the people would pick up on it and it would not be good. 
With all that was happening, the enormous gathering of people and all the commotion, even Samuel was somewhat disconcerted. The aged prophet wrapped his fingers tightly around the trusted staff in his right hand, lifted his eyes upward and cleared his mind to just listen. For long moments he remained in this posture, knowing all that hung in the balance. Standing there silently he waited for the voice of God. In an instance the whispers fell upon his heart and he turned to speak. "You will find him hiding among the equipment!" With great haste Samuel sent for him and it was with reluctance that Saul made his way to the enormous and impressive platform to stand before Samuel. 
When Samuel, as well as the people, looked to see Saul standing amidst them, the Prophet began to speak, lifting his voice high so that it would carry far above the crowd. 
"Do you see him whom the LORD has chosen, that there is no one like him among all the people? I give you your King!" 
At the words of Samuel the great host of Israelites began to shout, “"Long live the King! Long live the King!" At first their shout was mild but soon that gave way to an unleashing of emotions. A rhythmic cry began to form and they lifted their voices higher and higher. 
Over and over they shouted as Saul turned to face them. Thousands upon tens of thousands had gathered at Mizpah for this very hour. The stirring feelings within the crowd were galvanizing! As a volcano with its deep beds of burning magma, waiting patiently through the transpiring ages until at last it could spew out its cloud of molten rock, so the emotions of this people, so long denied, now rushed upward to express vehemently their acclamations to Saul, King of all Hebrews!
There stood a man, taller than any man in Israel, his body sculpted and powerful against the morning sky. Truly, the sight was enthralling as the people looked upon a warrior among warriors. A stirring breeze blew his hair. What a truly gallant figure, his youthful face, handsome and already bearing the slight endowment of majesty, his hands hanging down freely at his sides. 
The shouting crowd would not quiet as their cries only grew louder and louder and they filled the earth with their chant. "Long live the King! Long live the King! Long live King Saul! Long live the King!"
Saul turned for a moment and looked Samuel deep in the eyes and, as the aged prophet smiled ever so slightly, Saul's hands came to his hips and he looked out again on an ocean of shouting people, their hands now waving and tears streaming down many of their faces. 
At that moment something was forever altered in the heart of Saul. As would be expected there was a sense of importance rushing in upon his youthful mind, perhaps even bordering on hubris, yet it did not nullify the greater thing, the birth of an honorable, if not lofty, sentiment. A new quality of heart wherein the impulses of God for once mingled contiguously with his own, giving rise to convictions and sympathies of a noble sort.
For the first time he saw the people of Israel, his people, with their vast diversities, strengths and weaknesses, distinctions and redundancies, wealth and want, confidence and fears, the strong and the overwhelmed, the aggressive and the needy, all standing, waiting for that which only a King could give. The voice of Hope! 
At last it became necessary for Samuel to lift his hands in a motion to quiet the people. As the noise, at last, died down, he spoke. "This day I have fulfilled your request and, by the will of God, have chosen you a king to rule over you. From this day forward we shall be known as, and called, the Kingdom of Israel!"
Again the people shouted, repeating his words, until once more he was forced to quiet them. "I have also written this book that shall lay before you the rules under which you will now, and forever, live, being under your King. In it you will find out all your obligations, how you will serve and all that you will render up to the service of your new leader. It is the book of Royalty!" 
Samuel lifted the book up before the people and again they shouted. "Beginning this day, you shall bring a portion of all your goods and all your labor to the King, which he will lay in store. You will pay a yearly tax and you will bring up your gold and it shall be beaten into coins for his treasury. At his bidding, the fairest of your children shall be given to his service and your young men shall be his warriors, so that at this time, under your new King, Israel shall become a mighty nation feared by all those around about." 
The vast audience again burst forth and shouted. "He is our King and we are his people!” After their shouting had relented to some degree, Samuel continued speaking. "This day, choose out from among you men of skill and knowledge and set aside wealth that they should be paid, for today you shall commence a great house for your King at Gibeah. Let it all be written, and let the elders of each tribe sign their name and so let the people pledge themselves to this great task."
At all this the people shouted and agreed with great enthusiasm and Samuel the Prophet watched them with an expression of the slightest concern. In some ways they were like children, and he knew that the task which the young man, Saul, was to undertake, was indeed a ponderous one! Once more he lifted his hands to speak. “This is a great day for you. Remember the Lord God who has brought you to this place. Put faith in Him and He will guide you. Now let us all join in the feasting!"
The crowd had at last began to calm and break up and the new King was just getting ready to descend and join them when a small commotion deep inside the crowd caught his attention. It was a man of rather tall proportions, youthful and who, at the moment, seemed to be a bit agitated as he was asking those before him to please give him space. Nonetheless, he was making his way up through the crowd toward Saul at a rather quick pace. Soon he had succeeded and stood on the high ground just in front of the newly installed monarch. 
"Sire! I am Dirytica, son of Sortas of the house of Benjamin like yourself. I have made my way here today so that I might, hopefully, find favor with you and be given a place in your royal guard. I would consider it the greatest honor of my life to serve with you if you should have me!” Dirytica bowed ever so slightly and gave Saul a chance to consider.
Saul looked on the man for a moment as he summed him up as best as was possible under the present circumstance. What he saw was a man of pleasant demeanor and manners, soft spoken, yet forceful in his presentation. He had deep black hair and a rather fair complexion, even for a Benjamite. Somewhat young, but Saul could see that his face had known battle and knew that he was old enough to have fought the Philistines likely more than on one occasion. Saul liked him at once. 
"Well Dirytica, son of Sortas, I have been considering this very matter, that is the gathering of my military personnel. Have you much experience?"
"Sire, if it pleases you. I have been wielding the sword of battle ever since I turned sixteen years of age. At that time I gained my first experience fighting the Philistines at the battle of Dorae near Hebron. I then served under Bratamas of Gad for nearly eight years, at which time we engaged the Philistine's on more than twenty different occasions and the men of Edom twice. As you know, Bratamas has now retired and I have been making my decision as to where I might enlist. But today all uncertainty was put away when I saw you first stand before the people. It was like a voice within me, clearly speaking, I know I am meant to spend the rest of my days in your service, Sire, that is, if you will have me, Sire!"
Saul laughed at the polite way that Dirytica spoke everything he had to say. More importantly, as he looked at the stalwart man standing before him, he somehow knew he was looking on one of Israel's finest. “I would be proud to have you and consider it a compliment that you wish to join me. Abner, my cousin, will be my general for him and I have worked together a great while but I desperately need more good swordsmen at my side. Are you free? Can you come with me to my home at Gibeah?"
"I am free, Sire, and completely at your disposal. And thank you, Sire, I promise you that you will not regret it. "
Three other young men joined Saul that day and bound themselves by oath to the King. They, too, had been touched by God with a deep inclination to follow the new King and serve him with all the power of their hearts. They proved to be of inestimable worth to him in the difficult days to come. 
 **********
The early years of Saul's reign witnessed great progress with comparatively little disturbance. It was a time of tremendous unification among the tribes. The people were joyous and contributed in abundance to the new monarchy. So vast was the bounty and accumulation of goods at Gibeah that large stores-houses had to be quickly erected for the purpose of preservation and systematic organization. Capable administrators were positioned at many levels of the fledgling government. Taxes were levied and small fortresses were constructed for their accumulation and proper distribution among the many new and developing affairs of state. Gold and silver were gathered in abundance. 
So far as the King’s palace was concerned, the work began at once with incredible enthusiasm. A splendid house was designed that would take the next four years to construct, though it employed more than four thousand laborers and a large number of master tradesmen. Its stately completion of architecture, as well as its lavish decor and furnishings, would constitute an endeavor that would far transcend anything the Hebrews had attempted before and it was a work that gripped the heart and soul of the people. 
From every region of Israel craftsmen were hired to build the finest of furnishing that would eventually find their way into the palace of the young king. Also, kegs of Israel's finest wines were delivered out of Ephraim and oxen of the best stock were herded up from Judah. Wagons loaded with barrels of olives and dates, nuts and fruits arrived daily from Reuben in the south to Naphtali in the farthest north. Choice grains, as well as an abundance of fresh and preserved ocean fish arrived from Dan and Asher. 
From the seamstresses of Issachar came the much coveted fabrics of enthralling colors and rich weave - linens and interlacing wools, dyed skins and furs woven into deep and elaborate patterns of luxuriously reds and blues. For the King himself, the most costly of fabrics were used to weave his royal clothing. These were made of heavy and durable materials of mixed reds and blue with elaborately embroidered inseams and borders often studded with precious stones. Tunics of the finest weave, lapped and fitted to cloth belts and silver and gold buckles, with matching vests and capes. All things concerning the King’s apparel were performed by the most skilled workers and contained the highest standards of quality. No pains were spared where his wardrobe was concerned, its impression certainly well pleasing if not dazzling! 
From Simeon, the King was presented with a breastplate of precision, beaten bronze and leather of the most costly kind. Workers of the highest skill, painstakingly beat and sculptured on the left breast an emblem of Moses’ serpent in the wilderness, and on the right breast, an image of Gideon's sword. A matching shield of wood and bronze was presented as well. 
In all these things the King was being well outfitted with that which represented the finest and most worthy in honor to his majestic office. All of this would serve to help establish in Saul's mind just how glorious his place was in the hearts of his people! 
**********
Rabbah, chief city of the Ammonites was very old and very prosperous. Its location on the thriving trade route from Egypt to Aram had allowed it to flourish for nearly a thousand years. The Ammonites were the children of Lot.
King Nahash was now supreme ruler of the vast region and his palaces were marvelous! At present the illustrious King sat at court and talked with his advisors concerning the matter of the emerging Hebrew nation. "So, the tiny mouse thinks it has become the roaring lion!" Nahash jested with smugness. He was speaking of Israel as he unmindfully twisted the end of a rather long beard, his advisor, all laughing, as if on cue. 
"So, tell me Sadok, in your final estimation, what is the most severe resistance I might expect if the Hebrews on the far side of the river decide to aid the city of Jabesh Giliad?"
Standing on the King’s right, with a gold gilded staff in his right hand, was Sadok, a bulky man with a lumbering gait and whose jowls fell down low enough to reach the flaunty collar of his resplendent robe. He rolled his eyes deeply to the left before making his reply, carefully choosing his words. "Sire, as one might rattle a stick in the brush to behold frightened quail jolt each other in their escape, exactly so if you wave a feather in every corner of Israel, you would be fortunate to find one troop of Hebrews flying off in frenzy like so many frightened birds from the bush!"
Again, there was laughter. It was the reason King Nahash kept Sadok as his chief advisor. His propensity for clever and witty exchanges never failed to amuse the monarch. "How many men do I have presently positioned at the city gates?” Nahash asked with a frivolous wave of his hand, for to him the whole matter was like a frolicsome game he enjoyed playing!
"Eighty thousand strong with, one hundred thousand in reserve, Sire. More than you would ever need even if the tribes on the far side of the river were to join in. My spies tell me that, in the whole of the kingdom, it would be a stretch if they could muster anything to even closely match it! In my opinion, we will completely overwhelm them under any circumstances." Sadok gave his assessments with an air of lofty self-importance, being sure to frame every reply with words certain to reflect well on his own abilities and attributes, which he considered himself to have in overflowing abundance. 
"I am hoping that they do merge and offer me battle. I am told that much of their lands are becoming very cultivated and desirable. I have full intention of adding them to my own very soon. Ammon should now expand its borders to reach all the way to the great waters of the west. Besides, I think what we have here are some very pathetic and uncivilized herdsmen wishing to assert themselves. I think it is time we taught our backwoods neighbors a lesson in manners.” Nahash mused. 
"Sire, if I may, I received words only a short time ago that the citizens of Jabesh sent out messengers to us this morning." 
"Oh and what message did they have for us?" The King asked, his face indicating nothing but amusement. 
With this Sadok turned just slightly and raised his thick hand to wave it rather flippantly in the air. His reply was laced with sarcasm. "Only that they were some peace-loving people that didn't understand how they had provoked Your Majesty’s anger. Further, that they wished to sooth over any misunderstanding, assuring Your Majesty that they were prepared to make an amends for any misconduct! They appeared so diplomatic and confident. I think, perhaps, even a bit aloof at that point.” The last fragment of the statement was a lie. The messengers of Jabesh had been, if anything, overly modest and humble. But Sadok loved to provoke ill feelings in the King because he knew how the man's devious heart would react. He loved promoting a mood of cat and mouse. 
It was a common way that the King liked to deal with his smaller enemies. Truly, not unlike giving a poor beggar hope of food and then snatching it away at the last moment, a process of lifting up before smashing all hope! Sadok felt the deep churning of gratifications as he continued his report. "However when your generals assured them that within three days their city would be crushed under our boots and ground to such dust that passing strangers would be hard pressed to find a flint in the rubble, well, their demeanor seemed to change most remarkably. Indeed, within moments they were allowing themselves, their wives and children to forever become the servants and slaves of the Ammonite people! How amusing, what a few simple words spoken in proper manner, can accomplish!" 
"Their whole outlook of the situation seemed too completely reverse itself, going from, 
‘Would you care for a saucer of our finest cream, Sire,’ to, ‘oh how well our Hebrew necks are suited for the galling chains of bondage!’" 
Again Nahash was amused at Sadok's words and laughed at what he considered the idiotic proposals of a weak and rearward people. 
"Very good, Sadok. My reply to them is simple. See to it that they receive it this very day.” 
“If I accept them as slaves to the Ammonite people I will gouge out the right eye of every man, woman and child so that the reproach of the Hebrew people will be known throughout the whole earth. Let's see if that does not help provoke a little anger from the other tribes. We can then have our little battle and have this all wrapped up within a few days. I should love to take a ride throughout my newly acquired lands before the days turn cool. See to it, Sadok, that I am not disappointed!"
"Very well, Sire!" 
**********
In all the long history and lineage of Saul's family, Gibeah had always been their home. In the years after the conquest, the fathers of the house of Saul had settled in this region, having been attracted to the view and pleasant features of the hillside on which it stood.
The city sat in the foothills of a central range of mountains running north and south from one end to the other of Israel. It was surrounded by lush green pasture lands, particularly on the east, and these were of course advantageous to a thriving economy in livestock though agriculture flourished as well. Vineyards and fields of grain patched the softly rolling hillsides on the northern rim. The ancient city of Jerusalem was only a few miles to the northwest. 
The city, itself, was also ancient and rich with the history of the Israelite people. The city square was large and paved with limestone slabs of stone. There was, on the north side of the square, steps that ascended to a large stone-arched pavilion and, about half way up these, was a small stone construction that housed one of the seven shofar of Joshua, blown when the walls of Jericho fell. It hung there by two golden chains and had a golden mouthpiece. The city was given to the Benjamites by Joshua himself, and in remembrance, from ancient days, the shofar had hung there as a symbol of appreciation. 
Here, in Gibeah, the new King was busying himself, establishing the fundamental metal as a king but, in the end, also render credibility to his competence as a ruler. The day that was now dawning would be one of immense importance in the history of the people of the city of Gibeah. 
As for the new King, himself, he would never be a pretentious man and he found it no disgrace on this particular morning to be out herding a small flock of his own sheep back to his father's home near the city, where, at this point, he still resided. Dirytica and two other of his loyal young men were with him and they engaged in small talk and laughed as they performed the work. 
Jeshua was there as well. For he and Dirytica had warmed to each other quickly and had become good friends. As they slowly drew nearer to the city, it was Saul who first heard the strange sounds carrying across the grassy fields. The closer they neared the more distinct the sounds became. As the winds stirred, the eerie noise became more intense, now possessing an almost haunting quality that caused Saul and the others to halt and listen. Then it became clear. It was a great, wailing cry of hundreds of people, and Saul instantly knew that something terrible had occurred! Without delay, he and those with him left the sheep and ran to the city, which was, by now, less than a mile away. Quickly, they entered the main gate and made their way up the hill to the spacious central square that sat near the top of a slight summit. A large crowd was gathered there. 
Standing midway up the steps that led to the city's alter, was a small group of city elders along with three visiting messengers. Saul slowly made his way through the people and was instantly recognized when he placed his foot on the first broad step. Everyone grew quiet. "What is the reason for this grief and what message have you brought to us that would kindle the sort of lamenting I am hearing this day?” Saul asked with a strong sense of alarm in his own voice. 
The leading figure, who was a rather small man of lesser years, dressed in more or less regal attire, took a step forward and dropped to one knee and quickly bowed his head momentarily, in respect to the King. But this he did very rapidly and, as he looked back upward, his face had the appearance of a man in true anguish, his hands instantly forming into fists that he drew inwardly to his chest. "Sire, we bear urgent news from Jabesh Gilead. Even as I speak, our city finds itself subjected to an unimaginable distress provoked by the intimate threat of an invasion."
At these words Saul waved his hand for the young man to continue. 
"As you know, Sire, Nahash of Ammon has been increasingly intimidating the border lands of Gilead for some years. However, up until now he has restricted his actions to simply making verbal threats, none of which he ever carried out. Yet, two days ago, in the late afternoon, our gatekeeper sounded the alarm and sent warnings to the elders that a large Ammonite army was advancing on the open fields east of the city. !”
“With haste we sent out emissaries in hopes of averting an invasion, suspecting that we had unwittingly offended Nahash. We learned the threat of attack had been utterly unprovoked on our part and, further, that they possessed a military force of more than eighty thousand in the field! Nahash was not present at all and his general boasted of intimate and utter decimation of our people if we did not at once comply with certain brutal demands!" The man's words halted as his jaw began to tremble. His youthful face lowered and a quiet but desperate groan of uncontrollable emotion escaped his lips, leaving him, for the moment, unable to continue his dispatch!
Already there were the first impulses of a seething anger stirring within the heart of the King and these were being heightened by each new incrimination that fell from the messenger's lips!
The distraught messenger composed himself and continued. "When our elders learned of Nahash's intentions, they diligently beseeched his generals in a meek and disquieted manner, and in humblest of terms, to spare the city, offering that our populace from youngest too eldest should at once render ourselves the servants of Ammon in exchange for our lives! We strove to present our cause without provocation and in all humility. However, before the sun set yesterday we received his reply and it was not, well, not what we hoped!" Again the young man had to struggle to compose himself. "His words were brief and execrable. By his royal edict, every man and woman should suffer the pain and disgrace of having their right eye gouged from its socket; not only they, but also their children and children's children, so that theirs might be the suffering of a perpetual reproach! It being also, to the satisfaction of the King, that every man that looks upon them should witness their utter revulsion as a mark borne upon them by his hand for generations to come!" The messenger bowed himself low and ceased speaking. 
The great audience again began to wail, fearing that the same fate might well be waiting them and indeed all of Israel. Saul however was completely unaware of the sound they made. His eyes were fixed but without an obvious subject and he, slowly, turned to face the crowd. The flames of rage were now kindled and they leapt forth within him like surging waves of indignation. His eyes turned to the heavens and he lifted his powerful arms clenching his fists at the same time. The veins of his neck protruded, his eyes grew dark and furious. The crowd slowly hushed and, for long moments, they watched the powerful figure stretch his body upward, his arms beginning to shake, his lips quiver. From deep within his chest the words began to mingle with molten and spiraling emotions as upward they rose, struggling for release, leaving his body heaving as his mouth opened and he burst forth with a mighty cry . . . “Never! Never! NEVER!” 
In a brief moment he turned and leapt upward the few steps to where the ancient shofar hung and ripped it from its golden chains. Holding it in his hand, he first turned his face to the heavens again. "Oh God of our fathers, unsheathe your sword of vengeance! Unbridle your fury! Turn your face toward Ammon! Let your servant, Saul ,be as the fire of retribution breaking out on our enemy. Let its flames sweep and devour the seeds of evil from every crevice and corner of Ammon! Avenge your people Israel!” 
Then, a very strange occurrence began to take place. Barely had the words left his lips, but, coming from some distance, as if sweeping down upon them all from the mountains of Ephraim, a resonant, yet indefinable wail, a mournful tempest, circled and blew with great force. What was now actually happening would lack description, yet the thing was very real, as if the heavens themselves had opened and a mighty, glorious wind had ushered downward and filled the valley!
Saul, who seemed impervious to its implications, now lifted the shofar to his lips. As his mighty chest expanded he drew a massive breath and began to slowly release it into the opening of the ancient ram's horn. The sound was overwhelming as its blast broke through the morning air like a massive blast of thunder. The people stood in awe! 
So powerful was the horn’s sound that many of the crowd fell backward. The earth began to tremble and shake. The shofar's blast was tenfold more powerful than normal. Its engrossing resonance increased to unearthly magnitudes. The people covered their ears and bent low to the earth. Saul's breath did not halt or abate, but rather gave endless force to the mighty song of the shofar, its tone now being carried upon the four winds. From Simeon of Judah in the south to the farthest northern reaches of Asher, and even to the sparkling blue waters of the great ocean that laps upon the distant shores of Manneseh men stopped to listen! For years to come, more than a few would declare, without hesitation, that they heard Saul's mighty shofar blast as it filled all of Israel that day!
On that same day, a mortal stood with the shofar in hand blowing mightily to arouse men's hearts, but it was the Spirit of God resting upon him that caused men to fear and all Israel to understand that this man was God's anointed! Follow him, they most certainly would!
********** 
The reports given to Nahash by his so-called spies were, to say the least, faulty. These men who had lived their lives in the relative safety of a country seldom harassed by intruders, were, in general, soft, inexperienced and lazy. They seemed, for the most part, to live in a cloud of over- confidence that left them woefully inadequate to make proper assessment of the facts. Their brains seemed to adopt a perpetual posture of repose, leaving them blind to the threat as it truly existed!
The reality was quite different from that presented to Nahash by his men. It was true that Israel had seldom, if ever, gathered up its forces under a central command. Yet, it was equally true that they were very prepared for war, having spent the last many years both engaged in and preparing for conflicts with an enemy on their opposite borders, namely the Philistines. So, when the messengers at Jabesh conveyed to Saul that Nahash had willingly given them seven days to seek help from the other tribes of Israel, he agreed with their assessment that the Ammonite King did so hoping to draw the whole nation into war. Otherwise, why would he tarry? 
Saul, who knew his military capabilities much more than the messengers of Jabesh, also knew that if all of the tribes responded to his call they could present a substantial resistance and, hopefully, foil the Ammonite invasion. 
After sounding the shofar at Gibeah Saul went into action like a man seasoned by many years. He comprehended clearly what he must do. Before the sun had risen very high in the sky, he had taken a team of oxen and, with his sword, hacked them into twelve pieces, sending portions by swift messengers out to every tribe of Israel. His message to them was simple. "Rally yourselves under the command of King Saul to lend aid to our brethren of Jabesh Gilead or suffer his wrath. Be it understood this day that anyone who fails to join the King’s ranks will suffer the loss of his oxen in this same manner as you see here before you!"
To say that Saul did not have misgivings about his own action in this matter would be to ignore reality. In truth, he did not know how his message would be received. He was young and long months had passed since his inauguration. While the kingdom had responded well in establishing his government, war might, indeed, be quite another thing. He knew if there was ever a time to show his authority it was now! 
As it turned out, Saul would have nothing to fear. When his message was carried throughout the country, the response was staggering. Without question, there was a new spirit in Israel. The desire to establish themselves as a mighty and leading force among their neighbors was foremost in the minds of the people. They were weary with being constantly assaulted from every side! One thought prevailed among the leaders of each tribe - to construct a powerful government and amass a military capable of bringing the land a new freedom from the constant threats and invasions which they had suffered for literally centuries. The people were ready for this. It was this that had caused them to ask Samuel for a king in the first place, and it was this that caused every man to leave his farm and fields this day, take up sword and respond to the call of the new King!
The messengers ran through the night to deliver the words of Saul to all Israel. In less than two days, thousands upon thousands of warriors, both on foot and on horseback, began to gather around the King at Gibeah. From Judah alone there came thirty thousand able men. From the other tribes, fully geared and ready for war came more than three hundred thousand fighting men! Even Saul stood amazed. Two days from the time the King had sent his runners out, the imperial army of Israel stood poised for action. 
The King had little information to go on concerning the military force and capability of his enemy. He was forced to construct his defensive plan based on what little intelligence he did have. It required one day for Saul to move his army to the western outskirts of Jabesh Gilead. As the sun was setting, he divided his men into three ranks of one hundred thousand each. The first he sent on the longer trek to Rabbah itself, where waited Nahash's reserves. The King's men would travel twelve miles by foot, walking their horse until they reached the city in the early morning hours. They would invade the camp while Nahash's men were still sleeping, and crush them. 
Saul took the other two divisions and sent the first to maneuver itself into position behind the Ammonite camp outside of Jabesh. He, himself, would lead the last division in a frontal attack that was to be coordinated with those behind by the sound of a trumpet blast. They planned to catch the Ammonites asleep and pounce down on them in a surprise early morning attack. 
When the time was ready, the shofar was sounded. Simultaneously, from front and back, Israel attacked its unsuspecting enemy with massive and crushing destruction. 
The Ammonite military was, of course, utterly caught off guard. Before the sun had risen well in the skies, their ranks had broken up and every man was fleeing for his life. The same was true concerning Nahash's reserves and by mid-morning the city of Rabbah, capital of Ammon, had fallen. Thousands of Ammonite soldiers lay dead on the open fields and, in contrast, the Hebrew offensive had suffered very light casualties. The scope of the proceeding victory was almost unimaginable and it took Saul a long while for it to sink in that almost before the battle had started, it was over!
As the day passed on, Saul and Dirytica were both standing on the far side of a small meadow presently being used to spread out, and register, the booty being delivered from Rabbah. Load after load of lavish spoils from the city, and especially from the palaces of Nahash, were being laid out at King Saul's feet. Treasures of gold and silver and even precious stones were loaded onto common ox carts and transported the short distance from Ammon to the city of Gibeah. 
Sometime near the noon hour a servant came running up to a shaded place where Saul was now seated on a makeshift chair that was constructed from several kegs of costly wines with Egyptian symbols on them along with some oversized scarlet pillows which had been confiscated from the fallen monarch's palace. The messenger ran and bowed himself ,seeking permission to speak. Upon approval he began. "Sire! Abner is bringing the Ammonite King Nahash to stand before you. The man is in chains and Abner is prodding him along slowly. He has already been informed that he is being brought to stand before you!"
No sooner had the runner spoken than someone called out. "Here comes the mighty King of Ammon, dragging his chain along behind him!” 
As Saul looked out across the field, he quickly spotted the figure of a man in long robes and wearing heavy iron chains. Abner was seated on a large, white horse slowly making its way along behind the fallen monarch. Walking with Nahash were several of his top advisors among whom was Sadok, the King's chief advisor. Very slowly they made their way across the open meadow and began to near the place where Saul, who had now stood up, was waiting. When Nahash caught a glimpse of Saul, he turned to inquire of Abner as to whether he was, in fact, the King. Abner assured him that he was. A sight followed this that caused even Saul some amusement as he attentively watched it unfold before him. 
It seems Nahash, who had, by now, well estimated his own impending danger had begun to bow repeatedly, and had even laid down with his face to the ground, facing Saul, that is, before Abner prodded him with the tip of a javelin. Even though he stood again he continued to bow and, as they advanced closer to Saul he began to call out, raising his hand high into the air as some sort of gesture of obedience. "Sire, hear my words . . . I am forever your servant, Nahash of Ammon. I wish to convey how it is that you are truly perceived by all the nations around about. Your dignity and bearing are unsurpassed by the greatest monarchs of the earth! Your illustrious countenance, more brilliant than the sun in the heaven. I salute you. I bow to you. I am forever your faithful servant!"
Slowly he dragged the chains that encircled his body and neck and made his way still closer to Saul and his men. Again, he called out from what were now some short distances, still seemingly not knowing if he was being heard and wanting to make sure his message was coming to the ears of the King himself. "Your Majesty, I am Nahash of Ammon, I beg your considerations, as word of your wisdom has gone out before you to the whole earth. Your fairness and perfect understanding are like jewels to your fair countenance, which is brighter than the sun that rises in the heavens." The bound monarch once more fell to the earth. placing his face in the dirt, but this time he lifted his long arms upward as high as possible and then down repeatedly four or five times in a gesture of homage until Abner growled at him to stand up and proceed on to Saul.
He did so as quickly as possible but stumbled in the chains about his feet. He began calling out again, only this time louder, his words soaked with desperation. "Your subject, Nahash, comes to you with all humility, realizing his complete inferiority and lowliness before . . . " and at this point Abner pressed the point of his javelin into the man's buttocks roughly, causing him to cry out abruptly and lose his thoughts, "ah, before one so ah . . . noble and whose ah . . . whose countenance is brighter . . . that is . . . ah . . . brighter than the sun that rises in the heavens." 
On he went, repeating such approbations in various forms until at last he came to stand before Saul, where Abner pushed him down to his knees. Nahash, whose heart was filled with unspeakable dread, yet tried to retain some degree of courtly decorum. However, as he began to speak again in pleading tones, he rapidly dropped off much of the trappings of formality, more and more sensing the desperate state of his situation. Indeed, panic began to overwhelm his senses and his words became disjoined and rushed. "Please Sire, I humbly beg your consideration. Let Ammon be the gateway to the great Hebrew kingdom and let Nahash be your royal gatekeeper who will serve your Highness without wavering for I am less than the dust beneath your feet, no, I am, I am like the dung on your boots, Sire, so despicable and lowly. Let what light ever shone from Nahash be forever obscured by the brilliance of your countenance which shines brighter. . . ." 
"Brighter than the sun that rises . . . Yes, I know, brighter than the sun . . .” Saul's words trailed off with a sigh. 
Nahash began to speak again. 
"Enough!" Saul cried out. “Silence before I mingle your blood with the dust of the earth right now!"
It was then that Saul turned his attention to Sadok who was bowing close behind his cowering King. Saul had already witnessed him rolling his eyes as if deeply shamed by his King’s disgusting behavior. "And you are?” Saul inquired looking down at the large man breathing in great heaves. 
"I am Sadok, first advisor to the King!" he replied, his words saturated with dismal gloom. Sadok was smart enough to know that the chances of his coming out of this alive were almost non-existent and he only waited for the final command of execution, just wishing it would take place quickly. 
Saul was quiet as he looked down at the miserable creature before him. He knew well who the man was. "I have heard the name Sadok. It is said that you are the true intelligence behind the affairs of Ammon. If I give your King to the blade, could I depend on you to give me your unfaltering allegiance? I would expect nothing less!"
The face of Sadok lit up at once. He saw his chance and in an instance of haste he seized upon it. "If it pleases you, Sire. You would be making the right choice, Sire. Truly, the King is, well truly a dull man. Stupidity has run in his family for as long as they have ruled. On the other hand, not wishing to be ostentatious, Sire, but, yes, it has been. . . well yes . . . your humble servant Sadok who has been making the important decision for the long while, in Ammon. I would serve you with all my energies, Sire, bringing my vast wealth of knowledge to bear upon the imperial needs of Ammon as a nation that lives to reflect your own glory! " Sadok stopped and looked Saul in the face, hoping to see some sign that he had convinced him of his worth. 
For long moments Saul looked down on the pathetic man who once stood so arrogantly at the side of the Ammonite King. Sadok, however, motivated by the hope that he was about to be given the king's diadem, and trying to end the suspense, began again. "Would you like me to assume the duties of our King then, Sire?" He asked with a partial smile looking up expectantly? 
Saul continued to examine the man thoughtfully until he quickly turned to the right, ejecting the word, “No! I think Nahash will serve me quite well and I don't want any chaos or disruption in the country whatsoever.” 
He stood again before Nahash. "Though I should mingle your blood with the sands of the earth we stand on, I have decided to spare you at least for the time being. The reason is that I have little time to spend trying to govern your country. Understand this, you miserable coward, give me the slightest provocation and I assure you that your life is forfeit!”
"Further, from this day forward Ammon will pay gold into my treasury. A tenth part of all your yearly increases, including that of your land and cattle, will be paid to my throne. Failure to do so will amount to a summons for your death. Do I make myself clear?"
The look of relief on the face of the displaced King was marvelous and his reply was much in keeping. "Oh Sire, I do. You may depend on it. I am your servant and . . ."
"I will soon send ambassadors to you that all may be perfectly set forth so that there will not be any misunderstanding, which would be particularly grievous for you! Also, understand this. I will visit you in the near future and, at that time, you will meet me in your open court for all to see, and, at that time, you will bow yourself to the earth at my feet!"
The countenance of Nahash fell as if he had received a death sentence, yet he found the strength to reply. "Nahash is forever your servant, my Lord. May it be as you say and may the day be sooner than later!" 
Saul ended his speaking to the man and turned his attention to other things. As they were being led away, it was Sadok who called once more to the King. "Sire, if it pleases you, what about me? Sire, if it pleases you!” He spoke, still being pulled away closely behind Nahash still bound by chains. It hadn't taken Sadok but a moment to understand the perilous situation in which his own words concerning King Nahash had now placed him and his pleading to the King bore a tone much different from that which was usual for the leading advisor. 
"I told you once,” Saul grimly replied, “I have no need of you, Sadok, but I am sure that yours will be an interesting future in Ammon!"
"But, Sire, if it please you, I truly have a wealth of . . ."
"Be gone with you, Sadok!” Saul growled as he turned away from the trembling figure being lead away in chains closely behind Nahash. Saul was well aware that the man's days were likely numbered and he could hear him faintly. as they moved away, entreating Nahash in what was very nearly a tearful voice!
Then Saul turned and, as if he had forgotten a matter of importance, called out to the subdued King, at which Nahash and those with him halted. "One more slight matter that I almost forgot, Nahash, if you please."
The bound monarch turned his entire body back to listen to the words of Saul, and when he did the King took several steps in his direction, making sure he was close enough for his words to carry plainly. "I truly hope that you are able to perform the duties of your imperial court without the convenience of one object I know you have surely come to rely upon." And then Saul paused a moment looking at Nahash's alarmed visage. "For rest assured, before the sun is well set this very evening, you shall surely part company with your own right eye! So, let the cruel decrees of your mouth fall upon your own head this very day!"
After watching a most appalling and ghastly appearance wash over the face of Nahash, Saul turned back to continue his own work.
**********
Nathan traveled at a steady pace for the next two days and, at last, several hours before the setting of the evening sun, arrived back at his home near Bethel. His heart felt a deep and warm comfort to be at last returning to its pleasant familiarity. However, with each step that brought him nearer he couldn't shake the feeling that something was a bit different, but he couldn't quite determine what. It was more like a feeling in the air and the young man was very keen to it.
It was a modest but lovely home that Nathan now looked down upon. It was the house of Dirytica, his father. A narrow dirt road winding up to the gate had a gradual bend as it made a slight descent downward off the hillside. The house, itself, sat almost central of a small valley, and its entrance faces the western sky. A great orange, looming sun, which was now beginning to set, was draped by a thin layer of cloud,\ and painted the gate and dwelling a soft hue of yellow-red as it so often did in the evening hours of the day. 
Nathan quickened his steps as he grew anxious to arrive home and see his father. His eyes roamed over the small vineyard on the south side and then to the north where there were several fields for sheep and cattle, set off from each other by stone fences running at great lengths, which had been built there years ago. He was sure there should have been more activity. In fact, the sheep were not even there and he wondered why. 
At last he arrived at the gate and entered. He walked on toward the house, stepping quickly along on its broad limestone path. Large frames of lattice adorned the entryway though much of their wood was hidden, being covered with a thick lush growth of a fine leafed vine. 
As Nathan walked up the path he became certain of one thing, it was much too quiet. There was no sound from the cattle or ducks, no noise from the kitchen, which seemed unusual this time of day and, truly, no movement whatsoever. A lingering moment of anxiety passed over Nathan's mind as he opened the wooden plank door and entered the house. "Father?” He called out. 
"Father, it's Nathan, I'm home.” There was no reply and neither were there any lamps lit in the house, which was a thing that his father always did well before the sun was set. Nathan now began to feel a deeper sense of concern but continued to push it from his mind. While it was true that his father almost never left his home, he did sometimes go back to sit beneath a large oak with widely spreading bowers that overhung a small brook. At this time of the year the brook itself had no running water, but it was still very pleasant there as the grass was always very green, running clear up under the ancient tree. His father had made a stone bench beside the tree years ago. He loved to sit there and watch the setting sun. Perhaps he was there now and had fallen asleep as he also was known to do. 
After searching the house completely he quickly followed the winding path leading to the old oak, calling his father as he neared the place where it stood. He was certain this was where his father was and looked forward to sitting with him for a while for his own comfort, so heavy were the matters of Gilboa still lingering within his mind. 
The stone couch was on the far side of the tree and Nathan would not have been able to see his father until he came right up to him and, yet, it disturbed him that he was not receiving an answer. At last he approached the tree and walked around it on the path that circled its trunk to see that, indeed, the bench was empty. 
Now he was fearfully alarmed! Nathan ran back to the house. His mind was beginning to comprehend that something was far from right. Had his father grown ill and been carried to his brother’s house? Was he away on some unforeseen business? Perhaps Leila had married after all? Many suggestions filled his mind. Once inside the house he lit all the lamps. Hesitantly, he entered his own small room and sat on the side of the modest bed, not knowing what to do. Clouds of worry began to fill his mind and exhaustion seemed to be overtaking his body. Soon it would be too dark to travel and he was not sure of where to go anyway. The young prophet felt lost and confused. For once in his life he truly did not know what to do. 
As he sat and tried to clear his mind so that he might make a sound decision, Nathan heard the creak of the front door that was beyond the courtyard from him. He listened. 
"Nathan?” A voice called. He recognized it right off as his sister, Leila. "Nathan, are you here?” She called again.
Nathan arose quickly and, as he walked he called back to her, "I am back here Leila, wait a moment and I will be there." He hurriedly made his way into the wide stone-floored court, there to see his sister standing on the far side. A rush of comfort filled his mind at just seeing her, seeing someone familiar in his life. "Leila, I am so glad you are here. I was so worried.” He approached her quickly and, without hesitation wrapped his arms around her and they drew each other into a strong embrace. 
After letting her go and standing back, he looked into her face for a long moment. His fair sister, always cheerful and non-complaining. She had always been a rock to him. Always seen the best in him! But, now, her beautiful face was masked with a different look. It struck an instant chord of fear in his heart. Something was wrong, deeply and desperately wrong! His voice was subdued as he finally found the strength to utter the words, “where is Father?” 
Leila's eyes began to grow moist as she softly motioned her head side to side, the tips of her fingers reaching up to cover her mouth before letting the anguished words spill free. "He is gone Nathan. Father is. . . . He's dead!"
The sentence flew into Nathan's heart as if a great hammer had been violently flung there. As if it struck the final blow that broke his fragile soul to pieces, it left him crumbling away like a quake shakes a house until it falls down to nothingness. His legs grew weak beneath him and his eyes grew wide with grief and unbelief! Very slowly he let himself down to the floor at the very spot where he had been standing. With legs folded in front of him he rested his elbows naturally on his knees, his hands and fingers hanging limply down to touch the floor. Struggling to understand all that was happening, his mind was reluctant to accept it as real. How greatly his life had changed in just a few short days! 
Leila slowly slipped down and sat in front of him, her posture perfectly mirroring his own. She reached and took his hands into hers, desperately wishing that she could help avert the pain that she knew was threatening to overwhelm him like a flood. Her brother now stared down at the floor between his open legs with no words and no movement. 
She gripped his hands tightly and waited. She knew how much he loved his father, how close they were, and she, too, was still reeling from her own sense of loss of a father that was more precious to her than words could express. Her heart throbbed with grief, not only for herself, but for her brother as she looked now upon his pale face. 
At last he looked up into her face and softly enquired. "How? How did Father die? What happened that he is gone from us?" 
It was with a tone of anguish in her own voice that Leila began to explain. "On the first day after the Sabbath, one week ago, we received word about the King. That he was dead and that he died at the hands of the Philistines at Gilboa. It was more than Father could take. He kept saying over and over again that the King was supposed to die in his old age surrounded by the comforts of his own home and family. Not at the hands of a wretched enemy like the Philistines! He became more and more upset! 
"It shouldn't have happened this way!" he would say while wringing his hands. Then he would start reciting things that he had said all through the years. Words that he had heard or things he had said himself. ‘Saul, the anointed, the glory of his people, the defender of Israel whose arms wrapped around her like the Mother lion enfolds her cubs.’ And he would repeat them in quiet whispers throughout the day.” 
On the second day he started asking for Mother and then for you, Nathan. He repeated several times that day that he must wait for you to return, but we all feared that he would never make it. He refused to eat, and by the end of the third day was barely breathing on his bed." At this point Leila had to halt for a moment to control her own emotions, her voice quivering a little as she spoke of his last moments. Then she continued. We came in to be with him three nights ago and in the last hour he rose up in his bed to speak plainly. He spoke to us concerning his lands and such and then he asked to be sure that we lay him in his place beside Mother. At that time he again asked if any word had come concerning you. When we told him that there was none, he laid his head back and closed his eyes. We knew he was close to going but prayed somehow that you might make it home in time." Nathan's sister paused for a moment at this point, wondering if she should go on, but as if something pressed her to do so she continued. 
"I was with him in the early hours of the night when I heard him speak for the last time. His eyes opened wide and appeared as if he looked at me and then he spoke. At first I thought he was speaking to me but soon I realized he was not. Though his words were little more than a whisper, I still heard each one plainly. Somehow his last words haunt me and I know it is what took his life. He was simply unable to deal with it. He whispered one time, ‘Annashia, did you know . . . , our King is dead?’ His eyes closed and he never took another breath. He was gone!”
For a long while Nathan and Leila sat in the darkening room just quietly thinking to themselves, still holding hands tightly. At last his sister rose up and went to her room for something and then returned. She was holding a golden necklace attached to a pendant in her hands when she returned and took her place again in front of Nathan. He knew the necklace well as the one that his father had given to their mother many years before. Leila now held it in her hands. "I was going to wait until later to give you this but somehow I think that I should do it now. On Father’s last night, some long hours before he passed, he called me in and reassured me how much he loved me and he held me close one more time. Then he asked me to be understanding concerning a certain matter, and I promised I would. It was about this necklace. He told me that Mother had once asked him to make her a promise that when he died the necklace would go to you, Nathan. He said that he and she had often disagreed about your future. Father had always wanted you to be the greatest warrior ever to set foot on the battlefield. Mother knew that being a warrior was not what God had in mind for you and she would often tell Father that in her own quiet way. When Father placed it in my hand he knew he would never see you again in this life and begged me to convey his desire that you forgive a foolish Father and his blindness. He said you were his youngest and that he loved you so much more than he could ever put into words. The last thing he told me was that Mother believed that the necklace would someday come to have great meaning to you; that God had spoken it to her and though she didn't know the reason, you were to have it and that it would someday guide you in the right way! And that was all he spoke of concerning the matter. I promised him that I would see to it that you received it." 
She then placed the necklace into Nathan's hands and rolled his fingers up around it. They looked one another deeply in the eyes for a long while. Then Nathan looked carefully at the necklace, wondering what his mother had meant. He had admired it many times in the days when his mother wore it around her neck, never removing it, but after her death his Father rejected the idea of wearing it, and never placed it upon his own body again! 
Now, sitting here in the dim light, Nathan studied it carefully. It seemed to call up a whole world of memories and, at last, he was forced to wrap the tips of his fingers into his hand to hide it from view. After a very long while Nathan slowly stood to his feet. "I am very tired, Leila, I think that I will try to sleep now.” With that, the two of them retired to their own rooms. 
Nathan closed the door behind him and then blew out the wick of the large candle. He just stood in the middle of the floor, not really knowing what to do with the feelings cascading down upon him with an unspeakable surge of grief. His knees bent and he slowly sank to the floor, his head resting in his hands. Warm tears ran down his face falling to the cold stones beneath as he wept softly. 



Chapter Six
The Towers of Dread 

So I drove you in disgrace from the mount of God and expelled you, guardian cherub, from among the fiery stones. Your heart became proud on account of your beauty, and you corrupted your wisdom because of your splendor. So I threw you to the earth;    Ezekiel 28:16


There is a region that lies south of the twelve kingdoms known for its forlorn and windswept no-man's lands. It is called the Wilderness of Zin and it provides a vast border between the outer fortresses of Philistia and the southernmost tribe of Judah. Here, amid these inhospitable regions, stands a vast complex of black towers rising up endlessly into the heavens, though not perceived by the human eye. They are known as the Towers of Dread. 
Bleak, and utterly dismal, these fortresses represent the very citadel, the black strongholds of a concentrated and insidious malignancy of pure evil. Indeed, they embody the focal point and centrality of a web of principalities which exert their force of wickedness and corruption to the very uttermost parts of the earth! 
Occasionally these same territories witness the passage of a lone messenger or a small caravan crossing them with the greatest of haste, longing only to reach the far side as quickly as possible. While treading these lands such travelers may grasp, to some degree, the utter undesirability of the desolate expanse, but their eyes have never really been opened to understand what truly exists about them. And if they had, if, by some chance, their eyes could be truly opened for only the slightest moment to see the world of evil embodied in these same unseen towers, they would instantly be reduced to dust of such a finite quality as to lose all comprehendible essence. 
Let this declaration, then, be made early on. There is, upon this earth, without question, a great deal more than that which can only be perceived by human eyes. Man is not the only fallen creature. Indeed, in the eons of time before his creation, there was a race of beings so beautiful that description, at least for the simplicity of the human mind, is not a possibility. These creatures were the glory of other worlds and filled the heavens wherein they existed with unspeakable brilliance and wonder! But, as we are told, it came to pass that they did conspire against the Creator and did fall, headlong, down to a dismal and base existence. 
This glorious beauty that they possessed did not disappear at once. Instead, with a lapse of time reaching across endless ages, and, as a result of an endless accrual of black desire simmering within their hearts until it consumed the very core of their beings with black evil, it ate its way outward. There it caused the vesture of beauty to fall away, one particle at a time, leaving them gnarled and repulsive and growing more so with each passing age. Such is the nature of those beings that comprise the populace occupying the Towers of Dread.
Standing out among this vast sea of creatures and far above all in power and supremacy is the being known as Ha-Satan. His name bears the meaning "the one who opposes" and he is master of an unfathomable number of these blackened beings who are in absolute league with his malicious intents! From these a constant and relentless cry rises up to fill all the heavens with their horrifying and sickening groans and howls, though man has not the ears to hear it. All of this is as certain as the sun that rises in the heavens each day. 
The assertion of the existence of such beings is, in fact, questioned by many and completely rejected by others. Such rejecters, however unwittingly, comprise the leading prey for these monstrous entities, for such come into conformity without so much as a struggle. Even those who might, for a moment, give room for the possibility of the existence of such beings often surrender that conviction with little resistance, thus making their conquest almost a matter of ease. These, then, these humans among the masses that readily and easily deny the existence of this vast world of unseen powers, in turn, become the mockup and supreme examples for the further conquest of their kind!
Folly has reached her apogee and brightest magnitude when man presumes that he is alone upon this earth based on the notion that he cannot see others that may abide here as well! Rest assured, there are those now among humanity whose utter, sole purpose for existence has been reduced to this one desire - its complete and utter destruction. This is the fixed intent for which they breathe and exist. 
Moreover, their continued existence is a matter of careful intention, permitted by the Lord God to fulfill His purposes. They are the great evil, but let it be forever understood that they are not here by accident or by their own choice, but rather by the design and decree of the Creator Spirit who permitted it. For it is by His own edict that these will perpetually busy themselves in weaving the dark and shadowy palls, the blackened backdrops against which the chosen will forever stand accentuated and illuminated. By their tireless efforts He will accomplish the sorting out of those that shall be proven worthy. Make no mistake, God did not slumber that evil ran past Him. His plan is perfect in all regards. As sure as the leaves cannot rustle without the unseen breeze, so a man's true nature cannot be made evident outside the presence of temptation to evil to make its manifestation apparent. Therefore, evil is allowed that the hearts of men might be exposed for what they truly are! 
Further, it should be understood that Ha-Satan does not work without plan or design. His strategies are the summations of long and carefully thought-out intentions. A lust for power over man consumes him and at the heart of it lies the desire to be worshiped. Yet, he knows that mankind, if they were ever able to perceive his true nature and appearance, would never, for the least second, have any true desire to give him homage. 
Therefore, any gratification that he can hope for is that derived from seeing those persons who would worship the Lord God turned away from Him and crushed into complete nothingness! 
Now, it should be pointed out that Ha-Satan and those creatures who work in league with him have long since devised and carefully honed methods employed for accomplishing their diabolical ends. The blades of their swords have long since been sharpened to perfection and made ready for use upon the unsuspecting. However, standing out among and far above all others, by its exceeding wicked nature and propensity for destruction, is the master art of deception. That is to say, the lie! Delusion, deception, and deceit represent the foremost implements of universal harm and ruin. They are the arrows in a demon's quiver!
This is the thing that Ha-Satan spends his time endlessly spinning and contriving with relentless and tireless efforts. Delusion! The first among his greatest pieces of work is the delusion that he and his subordinates do not exist. That is most important, for, after that, it is a free run and, as a rule, all things fall into place with ease! 
If he cannot succeed in this first objective, he will tirelessly endeavor to minimize the importance of their existence, and, consequently, render their being and purpose of such little importance as to make knowledge of it completely inefficacious.
Second, so far as humans are concerned, one must be deceived about oneself. Men and women deceived about themselves make the most available and advantageous servants to the black kingdom though unwittingly so. A person of such a nature, deceived about life, deceived about the hereafter, deceived about accountability, and, most of all deceived about his own heart, makes the most readily useful servants. He can be expected to serve without the least compunction or conscience. Ha-Satan is always searching for such men, blinded by the overwhelmingly seeable and, thus, ready to pledge their souls to the here and now. 
Doeg the Edomite was just such a man! He was a soul possessed! His thirst for power and lust for wealth ate away at him constantly. Standing in the courtyard at Nob, keenly observing the appearing of the king's young son-in-law, David, he perceived its implications instantly. That being so, Doeg understood at once that the present circumstances were rife with opportunity. 
**********
The ride to Nob was brief for David as it lay only a few miles above his father's home near Bethlehem. He and a small band of young men who had pledged themselves to him had spent a number of nights living in the distant valley where he had herded sheep as a boy. However, supplies were now running low and David knew better than to visit the home of his mother and father for it could result in trouble for them. So he had headed north. 
The young Prince who had, for a short time, enjoyed a fabulous life of wonder and amazement, now found that his world had been turned upside down. After killing the giant at Elah, the King had only good things to say about David and took the youth into the palace and gave him a place at his own table. Furthermore, the King had also given his own daughter to him as his wife. For a youth who had been a simple shepherd just a few months earlier, the change was radical! 
Nonetheless, David remained humble before God and the King. As the people grew overly fond of him, though, a great spirit of jealousy entered the King's heart and there it began to eat away at him. At last, although he was the King’s own son-in-law, David was forced to flee for his very life! Now he found himself hiding in the hillsides and valleys of Judah. How different his life had become! David felt alone and dismayed and had little idea of where to lead his men. However, he knew he must find food quickly for none of them had eaten since noon of the preceding day. He decided on Nob, a place that he had visited many times as a youth. 
By midmorning they were already entering the rather steep hill country and the horses were slowed because of it. The region was pleasant and the day was as well. David always loved the ride down into the shallow, wooded valley where the small, quaint village lay. The roadside was lined with thick groves of oak trees and grass. As the small group made their way over the final hill they could look down and see the town on the far side of the valley and, when they advanced closer, they could began to make out the deeply colored curtains hanging about the great Tabernacle of Moses. It stood out over the rest as it sat on a summit just above the small city. 
This was Nob, the city of priests.
David decided it was better for his men to wait just outside the village while he rode on in to see if it were possible to acquire food. The long, rambling entryway seemed almost enchanting to David and he truly loved to travel it slowly to absorb all of its scenic beauty. The road progressed to become somewhat flat and wider where it was lined with a stand of graceful oaks on each side that spread their delightful bowers over the entire thoroughfare. On the back side of these were long, narrow fields abundant with orchards and vineyards. Water had been canalled here many years ago and the whole valley, especially the town itself, was exceedingly lovely. 
A slight bend in the road gave way to a narrow bridge that allowed passage over a small, rocky, seasonal brook. David traveled here rather lazily before arriving at the city gates. This stately entrance with its high reaching stone arch made of perfectly squared, white limestone blocks sat just outside the rather broad city court. The gate gave entrance not to the center of the court, but to the southern-most corner so that once one passed through it, they were advancing from one side of the beautiful and enchanting court. 
The broad court was one of the most charming in all Israel. Its paving was made of the same white limestone as the gateway and these were polished smooth and laid in perfect order. The courtyard, itself, was spacious and elegant-appearing and was constantly being groomed to perfection. Today there were only a handful of men, along with some sheep, camels, and one other horse. 
The middle plaza was surrounded by apple and fig trees with small set-off gardens and benches for resting. Four large troughs ran along the north wall, filled with fresh water supplied by a cistern that was connected to a larger canal just outside the village proper. 
As David dismounted and allowed his horse to drink, he looked around for a few moments at the lovely premises and the adjacent buildings. Nob was considered one the most pleasant villages among those of the twelve kingdoms. And truly it was! As David turned about and faced the west side where he had entered he saw large arbors of white-washed lattice wood covered with a lush growth of grape vines hanging down, having been carefully tied to the overhead archways. Some of these had grapes that were beginning to ripen. There were several water pools between the gardens and more fig and apple trees spaced out proportionately around the edges of the court. These, too, were pruned and groomed to perfection. The apple trees had small, green apples hanging among their dark, shiny leaves but these would not be ready for many weeks.
On the north and south sides respectively large bowers draped across the stone walls and provided natural shade for sitting areas. These had a number of well-constructed tables and benches beneath them, all made of stone and all finished in the finest of craftsmanship. Vases of fruit sat invitingly on several of the broad tables.
After his horse drank his fill David tied him off to a small, wooden stake and began to make his way toward a distant stone walkway that led up the summit on which the tabernacle stood. Along this walkway were small paths leading away, which, after a short distance, turned into gravel streets and here sat many of the small stone houses of the priests. Others like them were scattered out in the open fields and many more dotted the wooded hillsides. The fields spread out on either side of the small brook were a deep green. 
Looking up the fertile valley, David halted for a moment and smiled at the young children playing here and there. Men working on a distance part of the canal caught his attention and then a mother calling to one of her children. As the young man observed the splendid settlement spread out before him, he couldn't help thinking that it must surely be one of the most peaceful places on earth! 
Nob was small but very important. It had become more or less the holy city after the Prophet Eli's death and the destruction of Shiloh more than twenty years earlier. If anything, it was more central to the whole of the twelve kingdoms and was certainly much more beautiful. 
David walked on until he came to the outer building of the tabernacle, the place where many of the priests worked. He paused a brief time and then entered a large wooden door. 
It was Ahimelech ben Ahituv who first greeted him. The priest knew well who David was and, like so many in Israel, was very fond of him. He bowed gracefully and presented himself to David. Although friendly, he seemed uneasy. "It is a great honor to have you here, and it has been a long while. What brings the King’s son-in-law to Nob?"
David too bowed and then spoke freely. "The King has sent me on a small errand, but it is to remain secret. I'm sorry that I really cannot disclose my purpose for coming this way, but I was wondering if you could help me with a few supplies for my men. We have run short of food and they have not eaten since yesterday!" 
The young man’s words seemed to put Ahimelech at ease and he began to speak with less reserve. "Certainly! We want to help in any way we are able. However, if you require food that is already prepared, all I have is the Shewbread in the Tabernacle. You may have that if you are certain that both you and your young companions have not been with a woman in the last seven days."
"We have not. Thank you for the bread. It will serve us well. Do you, by chance, have any weapons at all? I was forced to leave in a hurry and I forgot to carry my sword."
Ahimelech smiled at the idea of a warrior forgetting his sword. "The only weapon in all of the city of Nob is the great sword of Goliath that was brought here by Abner shortly after you killed the giant. It hangs on the wall of the Tabernacle as a reminder of the victory that God gave Israel by your own hand. May that day never be forgotten!” After stating this Ahimelech bowed in reverence to the great deed of the young warrior. 
"May I have it? It will do well though I do not anticipate trouble."
"If a person other than yourself should have asked that question I would have denied him, but you, David, if any person has the right to lay claim on the object, it would be you. Yes, take it and may the Lord God bless you!" 
David and Ahimelech spoke a little longer as one of the other priests fetched the weapon. When the majestic sword was handed to him, David was amazed by it great weight, yet, with some practice he knew it would become a great weapon in his hand. After David fastened it to his side and took up the bread that had been offered, he bid Ahimelech farewell and returned to the court where he left his horse. He had just mounted and was readying himself to depart when his eyes met the glance of a man holding the reins of a camel on the far side of the court. He recognized him at once though the man turned away, quickly pretending not to know David. A tall man of middle age with a rather shaggy beard and graying, curled hair was now letting the camel take up water as David watched carefully. He knew it to be Doeg, the master servant of King Saul's household. He'd seen him many times when he was there. 
It was as if an arrow had been shot into his heart. He knew being spotted by a man as treacherous as Doeg could only mean trouble. He decided at that moment that, for his own safety and that of others, he must flee the land of Israel. He quickly turned his horse back to the gateway from which he had entered the peaceful little village and hastened on his way!
David and his young companions hardly took time to eat the bread that Ahimelech had given him. After conferring with them briefly the decision was made. There seemed to be no choice. Going back to the east would mean running into both the Sea of Salt and the Jordan River if they wished to escape to either Ammon or Moab. The only places that would allow passage over the river would be, by now, carefully watched by Saul's spies. North led deeper into Hebrew territory and to the south lay a desolate wilderness. There seemed to be no choice, they must ride west to Philistia.
Therefore, he and his men turned their horses in that direction and began the long journey, hoping to reach the city of Gath by evening of the following day. David was sure that he would not be known and they could find refuge there at least until he could figure out another plan. 
The land of Philistia occupied the area that bordered the eastern shoreline of the great Mediterranean Sea. It ran for many miles north and south, presenting a barrier between the Hebrew kingdom and the sea itself. It was part of the land that God had originally commanded Israel to conquer, but they, having failed to do so, left it open to the conquests of the Philistines who came to this area at about the same time as Joshua and the children of Israel. Its occupation had been a severe thorn in Israel's side for several reasons. Most importantly, it blocked Israel from taking advantage of the many resources that the sea would have provided. It also reduced their quantity of good farming land and, further, it left them susceptible to the constant threat of invasions, as the Philistines also greatly needed the resources that only the mineral-rich inlands could provide. More than that, the Philistines were known to be a war-like people who often found it more advantageous to reap the benefits of other people's hard work than to live in peace and provide for themselves. For that reason they were constantly raiding Israel and often threatening to invade it. Indeed, they had taken vast areas of land away from the Hebrews, of which Gath was one. 
David had never been to Philistia but found all the people in the settlements outside the city walls to be friendly and hospitable. At the city proper stood an extremely large gate and admittance was not to be allowed without the specific permission of the King himself. That would be King Achish, a high lord even among the other four kings who ruled this land.
"If the King would just give me a few moments of his time I feel sure that I can convince him that we only come in peace and have no malicious intent toward him or his people," David argued with the gatekeeper just inside the wooden slide through which he was speaking. 
"I will send him word when it is convenient, and not before. If he comes down to see you, it will be at his conveniences, and not a moment earlier!" The man shut the small slide door with a bang!
It was much later that David heard the King talking on the far side of the great gate and, upon hearing his words, his heart was struck cold. He could hear them plainly talking about him and what they were saying filled him with deep fear! 
"Sire, if I am not mistaken, this man is David, son-in-law to King Saul of the Hebrews and a great warrior, responsible for the death of many Philistines," the main gate keeper insisted. 
At this, the king paused as if in deep contemplation and then answered. "What possible reason would the son-in-law to King Saul have for being here begging at my gate? How absurd!" The king's voice revealed his irritation. 
"I have heard word that the two of them are now at odds and that Saul even hunts him with the express purpose of putting him to death! Could he not have fled here to take refuge?" The gatekeeper again was very insistent. 
David was listening to all this with growing apprehension. It was true that he had fought the Philistines and killed many, but so had others and the fact that his name had gone out so far as Philistia was more than amazing to him. Nonetheless, at this moment it was more terrifying than pleasing and he looked at his men in petrified silence. 
"I don't believe it! I will see this man for myself!” The King growled. At those words the inner gate began to slowly creak open. David was now standing just outside one of the small, wooden doors of the outer gate and knew that he must do something quickly and before the King laid eyes on him. In near panic he reached down and scooped up dirt from the ground and covered his face and quickly worked it into his hair as well. He used his own saliva to make mud and spread it over his face letting more run down his chin falling to the ground. Lifting handfuls of earth he covered his clothes and worked it in quickly. He used his own fingers to scratch his neck leaving deep red and bleeding marks there.
As the outer gate began to swing open, he dropped to his knees and began wringing his hands, groaning and mumbling incoherently sometimes reaching up to claw the wood around the doorway. Once or twice he lifted his shaky voice crying out, "A shekel would be nice. Perhaps a kind person . . . one shekel? Please could you spare one shekel?"
"Look here," the King snapped, "A madman. What sort of fool keeps my gate? Do you think I would have this man in my house? Why have you troubled me? I should have all of you impaled for this!" 
King Achish stood and looked at David who had now fallen to the ground, groaning and rolling in the dirt, his mouth foaming, his arms wrapping his body. His groans were that of a man in deep mental agony. Again, crying out, his eyes rolled back in his head, his tongue sometimes lobbed at one side of his mouth, his long stringy hair falling into his face. Then, he lifted his head, his eyes wild with insanity and cried out. "You can't treat me like the village dog! Would you put me outside the gate? I am a man of importance! I am the pride of . . . ah . . . I am the pride of . . .” His voice trailed off as his body shook and jerked with what appeared to be uncontrollable spasms! Then, as if falling back into peaceful repose, he slumped against the wall. "Perhaps a shekel?"
The King whirled around in anger and headed back to the inner gate but stopped for a moment, and set his eyes sternly upon the head gatekeeper. "Son-in-law to King Saul indeed! You fool!" 
The head gatekeeper dropped his eyes and spoke in pleading tones. "My foolishness, Sire, please forgive me. My foolishness. It will not happen again."
The King walked away, shaking his head as if wondering about the sanity of his own gatekeeper.
Quickly the wooden doors within the gates were closed. As soon as they were, David and his men mounted and carefully made their way to the main road. As they finally reached the outer borders of the settlements where they were sure it was safe, they halted to rest. David circled his horse around to face the others. As soon as he did so, and as he looked his companions in the eyes, they all burst into uncontrollable laugher. Soon David himself had to dismount and still he continued to laugh until he felt sick. It would be a scene forever fastened upon his mind. Nonetheless, it would not be the last he would have to do with King Achish.
 **********
A great swelling shadow was cast upon the earth by the insidious black creature now creeping along above it, slowly advancing toward the palaces of King Saul at Ramah. His name was Tarkan which has the meaning, baneful winds, the first subordinate to Ha-Satan and second in power among the three members of the wicked Tri-fundament. Word had arrived at the Towers that the One would permit an incursion into the mind and soul of Saul, King of Israel. This had been long awaited. Ha-Satan would send no one less than Tarkan to ascertain the subjugation of the Hebrew leader. Traveling behind him was, in like manner, a vast army of shadows reflecting the numberless subordinates who, upon their own volition would travel with Tarkan. In reality these were little more than spectators, for most had little power to affect anything. Nevertheless, they joined Tarkan in the high hopes of being gratified in watching a human, who was once a great servant to the One, begin his final spiritual demise.
Unquestionably, this was a task that Tarkan himself would relish performing and that for good reason. It had originally been the task of the abhorrent Tarkan to prevent the uniting of the twelve kingdoms under the young King Saul, for, as always among humans, it would fortify their strength immensely. When the confederacy did take place it was an occurrence of inestimable grief to Ha-Satan and he held Tarkan responsible. For long days and months Ha-Satan screamed and groaned out his threats against the wretched beast, Tarkan, and even indicated that another such failure and he would be cast into the Blue Chasm. Tarkan feared this more than anything and had spent years scheming the downfall of the young kingdom. Moreover, he would have his day of revenge, and accordingly, as the result of his tireless efforts, provided all reports were true, that day would be coming very soon! 
This beastly creature, second to Ha-Satan, had now redoubled his efforts and vigilance in calculating ways to promote the ruin of the struggling Hebrew nation. Unlike many of the others of his kind, Tarkan's intelligence was not yet disintegrating. The creature's devious mind was very keen and he listened inside his own head, once again, particularly to the event of the visit of David to the city of priests, which had taken place some months past. Knowing the state of the King's mind as well as other advantageous situations made it clear to the loathsome creature that his moment had arrived. In less than an hour he would be reaching the site that King Saul reportedly now occupied. 
As one creeping footstep followed another his mind deliberated and fastened itself to the one supreme objective - to crush this insignificant monarchy before it had time to expand, though it had already succeeded in advancing for some thirty years. He well knew the implications of allowing Israel to ever form a powerful nation. Truly, ever since the day that the Prophet Samuel anointed Saul as King over a united Hebrew nation he had heard nothing else. His Supremacy remained more anxious about this matter than any other thing taking place on the face of the whole earth. Over and over the words of Ha-Satan rang in his ears. "Shiloh will arise! When Shiloh comes!" How could the words not haunt him? 
At the Towers of Dread, myriads of black spirits constantly fell down and worshiped Ha-Satan, for here, he was God. Their groans and utterances rose up continuously to fill the black caverns and dismal hollows endlessly. Yet, in those deepest recesses where only Tarkan and a few others were allowed to truly look upon the lofty and eminent one, it was somewhat different. Few of the demon spirits, or Sabari as they are called in that world, had ever seen Ha-Satan himself - at least closely. They saw only a vague image through the smoke and vapors behind which he sat far back in the deep recesses of the Towers. But Tarkan heard him often! "Shiloh will arise! When Shiloh comes!" Over and over, endlessly, he repeated these very words. Groaning, hissing, lamenting, and writhing! It had been thus ever since the day Saul was anointed King and the tribes united under his banner as a singular nation! Ever since that day, the Supreme one had bewailed the fact with unspeakable pain. 
It wasn't as if Tarkan did not understand his grief. The demon knew the old prophecy well! Indeed, few knew it better than Tarkan! He was able to recite it word for word. It was engraved upon the fabric of his mind, truly!
The old prophecy had stated that:
 
"The scepter shall not depart from Judah, Nor a lawgiver from between his feet, Until Shiloh comes; And to Him shall the people gather."

All demons understood the implications of this prophecy. The word "Shiloh" meant, the One of Tranquility or the One for whom we wish. He would be a Messiah! Further, the words, 'scepter' and 'lawgiver' both implied that Shiloh would arise out of a certain nation. These were both words that strongly implied a united and governed people. Of course they all knew, as well, which nation that would be. The words of this same prophecy made that clear. The nation through which this Messiah would arise would be the nation of which Judah was a major part. The foretelling made this abundantly clear! 
Therefore, from the day the ancient prophecy was first written down and given to man many years ago, Ha-Satan had made it a priority to squelch and destroy the descendants of Jacob, especially of his first born, Judah.
The first great assault that Ha-Satan leveled against the sons of Abraham was his leading them into bondage in Egypt. For nearly four hundred years he kept them there in chains and, at that time, Ha-Satan and his subordinates lived in protracted calm. But, then, the Hebrews were liberated and these words again became a great threat. They had become a great people down in Egypt, and the years of bondage only succeeded in solidifying their bond as the chosen people. The same hammer that had beaten out the chains of bondage had, conversely, forged the eternal chains of kinsmanship. Although without a land to call home, they were already a nation. 
Since the day of emancipation, these ancient and mystical foretellings were a source of great agitation and fear to the black kingdom. For this reason there was not one shadow among them that could not quote the ancient book in its entirety, but this passage was prominent and its importance never underestimated! 
Tarkan certainly knew it by heart. It often echoed in his mind.
 
Judah, you are he whom your brothers shall praise; Your hand shall be on the neck of your enemies; Your father's children shall bow down before you. 
Judah is a lion's whelp; From the prey, my son, you have gone up. He bows down, he lies down as a lion; And as a lion, who shall rouse him? 
The scepter shall not depart from Judah, Nor a lawgiver from between his feet, Until Shiloh comes; And to Him shall be the gathering of the people.

That is why Ha-Satan despised the idea of the uniting of the tribes. It must never be allowed to succeed! Further, that was the reason his anger was so uncontrolled against Tarkan when he learned that he had allowed the tribes to unite. It was true. He had failed in this matter, but this very day he would begin to set all right! As Tarkan contemplated it, he could not prevent throwing his gnarly, disgusting head back and beginning a long, dreadful howl in anticipation, his blood curling screams causing the clouds of Sabari behind him to fall back in confusion and distress!
**********
It was a warm and sunny morning that found Saul seated under the great Tamarisk tree at Ramah. His back was against it and in his hand he held his spear as if waiting to be attacked. It had become a habit. The javelin never left his side and he was often observed throwing it viciously into a tree or wall as if striking and killing his worse enemy. Now he sat with it in his hand and waited for news from Abner concerning the rebel, David, the son of Jesse! The place where he sat was cool and pleasant as it offered deep beds of green, trimmed grass to rest upon. Servants, generals and advisors were all mulling about, most of them working on different tasks and others discussing major events of the hour. So far the day had been calm.
At that moment a runner entered the courtyard. He was one of Abner's messengers that came ahead to give Saul information. Quickly, he made his way across the court, bent down and whispered into the King's ear. A look of dismay began to fill Saul's countenance and he stood up quickly. 
Now, well into his sixties, he was still a formidable figure. Seemingly, he remained just as powerful as ever in body, though perhaps not as agile as in his youth. Long, grayish- black hair fell down his back, reaching the deep leather belt wrapped around his loins. His chest and arms were broad and muscular. A somewhat short and well-trimmed beard hid the lower part of his face. The King's eyes were still sharp as an eagle and he was yet quick with a sword! An outer coat of mail covered a large part of his upper body and, beneath, a royal vesture of deep scarlet. 
At first, he stared at the ground, but then, as he lifted his head, the appearance of his face turned to anger, perhaps even rage. 
Slowly he lifted the spear in his hand, and thrust it with all his might into a large table filled with bowls of fruit and melon causing much of it to plunge to the ground, making a large crashing noise. "Listen to me! All of you listen! Hear now, you Benjamites! Will the son of Jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards and make you all captains of thousands and captains of hundreds? All of you have conspired against me! Yes, you think that I do not know, but I do. Conspired against me! There is not one of you that remains faithful to the King! What you can gain dictates your every action! You are all like greedy swine in the field and not one of you reveals to me that my son has made a covenant with the son of Jesse. There is no one who is sorry for me or exposes that my own son has stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as it is this day!"
The silence was icy. No one spoke and it seemed as if, nearly at once, everything changed. As if a darkened mood had shrouded the whole gathering. As Saul slowly met the eyes of one man after another, his anger only grew worse and he lifted his arm and fist in raging fury. "You traitors! Can no one speak to me? Could you not at least tell me lies? Anything would be better than your careless disregard while my throne stands in jeopardy day and night, threatened by treachery from within my own borders, indeed within my own house!” Again he stood and looked around. It almost seemed as if the sun had darkened a bit and it felt as if evil was gathering up around them. Yet, the silence prevailed. No one had ever witnessed the King in this manner! Today his anger appeared to border on madness! The silence continued on for long and terribly unpleasant moments! 
Then, unexpectedly, from the shade of a small arbor, a man began to hesitantly move in the direction of the King. Stopping to bow intermittently and raising his hand cautiously to gain the King's attention, he slowly made his way forward. A sable and somewhat tattered robe made of loosely woven material, hung from his shoulders reaching nearly to his feet. At the center of this he wore a matching sash that was wrapped loosely around his loins. The robe flared open at the neck, revealing a dingy white-colored tunic beneath. He lacked hair on the top of his head and his beard was shaggy. A great, sheathed sword hung loosely at his side. The man was Doeg the Edomite! He was the sheep keeper for King Saul.
Most people considered Doeg to be a bit odd, and his manner was unpleasant. “Sire, if I may," he began, his voice sounding raspy and deep. Yet, he realized that he could not be heard well by the King so he continued to move closer, haltingly. In a short time he was less than twenty steps away. “If it pleases the King, I have something that might be of interest, only if it pleases the King!" Slowly he inched his way even closer, bowing in excessive acts of humility. 
“Speak!" The King demanded, “But make sure it is something worth hearing!"
“Certainly, Your Majesty. I believe it is." Doeg straightened up and composed himself, wishing to convey an air of importance to those watching. “If it pleases the King," he began, "some months ago I was on an errand to the city of Nob. It concerned business for the King. On the day that I arrived I saw the King's son-in-law, David, son of Jesse, there as well. I ah . . . well . . . I thought nothing of it, Sire, at the time. However, as these months have gone by, I have been made to think more of the matter. As it was, I, myself, was loading my camels when I caught a glimpse of Ahimelech, the priest, and David conferring at the door of the Tabernacle. Having had time to consider all, I now realize that the priest was supplying David not only with food, but with weapons as well. This I can truthfully say I witnessed with my own eyes. And I only wish to convey this to you, mighty King. May it not be that Ahimalech is in league with your son-in-law and, perhaps, knows very well where he is hiding? If it pleases the King."
The King appeared as if he were in a momentary trance. However, Doeg was not certain whether Saul looked at him directly or beyond him. He slowly rolled his great eyes as far to the side as possible, not wishing to turn his face away from the King, or, in any way, show disrespect, yet, in a moment of panic he wondered if Saul had not summoned his guards and, more importantly, if they had not been beckoned to his own detriment! Great relief swept his heart, when the King at last uttered the one sentence, "my friends, let us prepare to ride!"
**********
It took less than two hours for Saul and his men to reach the outskirts of Nob and there was still much light left in the day. It was the King’s horse whose loud hooves falling upon the limestone paving first disturbed the calm of the peaceful little village. Doeg was close behind him. 
He dismounted and ordered his soldiers to fetch Ahimelech as well as any of the other priests within the tabernacle. In a short time they stood on the polished stones of the court, facing the King, Ahimelech standing in front.
King Saul stood so close to the head priest that the man could feel his breath on his face, with Doeg standing just beyond the King's right shoulder. "Ahimelech, why have you conspired against me in giving the traitor, David, refuge and supplies?" 
Ahimelech looked at the King first, then at Doeg, and then at the great parade of men gathered up around them. There was no fear in his eyes, only wonder. "I did not give him refuge at all Sire, nor did he ask for it. I did give him the shewbread off the altar. He told me that he was on an errand for you and that he and the men with him were very hungry. I gave him the bread for that reason only. I did not conspire with him about anything Sire!" Ahimelech bowed his head in reverence to the King after speaking. 
Saul did not believe him and stood with his face like flint as he decided his next question. "My servant, Doeg, tells me you inquired of the Lord on his behalf! Why would you join him in a rebellion against the throne? Why have you committed this great evil against the people, being a priest of the Lord God?"
"I did not inquire of the Lord in any matter that day, nor did David request of me to do so. But, I must ask you, Sire, why have you turned against one who has served you most honorably in all his conduct. The people know the heart of David, that it is pure! Why do you pursue him with such vigilance and thus make a fugitive of an innocent man? Will the Lord not require this of you?"
Saul, who had thus far contained his anger, suddenly felt it kindled by these words. He stepped back and raised his head high in the air. "Have you forgotten who it is that stands before you, Ahimelech? I am not one of your subordinates that you should chide me like a child. Do you think I will simply excuse your treasonous actions just because you happen to wear the golden ephod?"
Ahimelech looked stunned. “Treason? My Lord, do not impute this kind of behavior to your servant. I did not betray or otherwise disrespect Your Majesty. I have told you the simple truth. David was hungry and I fed him. That was all there was to it!"
A wind just then blew hard in the trees and the air became heavy. Saul could no longer hold back his rage and he spat out his reply. "You are a traitor, Ahimelech! Your situation is grave! Give me a good reason for your betrayal or you shall surely be put to death here and now!” His anger had grown to overwhelming proportions extremely fast and his men were once again amazed at witnessing his unrestrained behavior. 
There was little fear in the eyes of the priest as he now poised himself for what he knew might very well happen. He realized at that moment that everything he had heard about Saul was true. Within his own mind, he prepared himself for the worst. "There is little more to be said," Ahimelech softly replied, "but, if you do this deed, it will surely be required of you by the Lord God. Think well before you act this day in a manner that will surely damn your soul forever!” With that Ahimelech bowed his head in silence.
"You will surely die this day, Ahimelech, and all these with you will perish as well!" the King roared, his face turning a deep red from the effects of his rage. He turned and summoned his captain. "Turn and drive him through with your sword! Leave not one man standing!"
In Abner's absence Kaosa was acting captain, a young man of great promise. He was the soldier to whom Saul directed his order. Kaosa looked around, bewildered by all that was taking place and especially the order to kill the head priest. "Sire, I cannot. Surely the Lord would require it at my hand and I should surely die!"
"KILL THE PRIEST!” Saul screamed, spit flinging out from his mouth and his face contorting with unimaginable wrath!
But, Kaosa would not. "I cannot, Sire. I will not do it. I will not take the life of a priest of the Lord!” Kaosa's look was stern as he stood his ground and Saul became aware that this was an order for which, if he forced his hand, he could find himself losing the allegiance of his entire army. Yet, the King was now totally unhinged! He literally stomped about, rubbing his face with both hands. "Am I surrounded by traitors? Do every one of you defy me? You are all bastards! Bastards to the commonwealth and not her children at all. Not one of you stand loyal to me or the throne! But I tell you. I will have my orders carried out!"
Then, at that moment, a dark, almost sinister, plan began to take shape in his mind and he turned his burning eyes upon Doeg, calming somewhat before speaking. "Kill the priest and I will see to it that you do not go unrewarded! But, make haste and see that there is not a living body to escape this valley before the sun does set!” 
And to his men he turned to speak one more time. "I will forget this infraction today for your sakes. But, take heed to what I tell you now. What takes place here today, if any man speaks of it, I will not rest day or night until I see his body hanging outside the walls of Ramah!"
It would be hard for most men to comprehend, the rush of feelings that flooded the mind and soul of Doeg, the Edomite. With a surge of deep greed and evil desire his malicious mind swirled with a lust for indulgence. Reaching with an unhesitating deliberateness, the man placed his hand upon the hilt of his sword and he withdrew it slowly, the sun's filtering rays breaking upon its glimmering blade. Every Hebrew had stepped back and there were left standing beside Doeg only three other Edomite men who had also drawn their swords.
Red pools of blood had begun to gather upon the smooth stone floor of the court as one priest after another was brought to suffer execution. Its stain would never be fully washed away! Doeg's sword was not finished dripping away the innocence of one man's life before another was thrust before him and his blade driven deeply into his bowels! Ahimelech had been first and he lifted his head in solemn bravery only looking deep into the eyes of the King as the sword penetrated his body. Not so much as a whisper of resistance fell from the lips of any priest that day, but all yielded to the will of God in unbroken silence as the soldiers, too, bowed their heads in overwhelming sadness and, yet, unutterable respect!
When the last of these had fallen, Doeg looked at the King who nodded, sending him into the village to perform an even more savage task. While a luminous red sun sank slowly behind the hills, the last cries of women and children could be heard fading off down the valley as if gathered up by angels and carried away on the soft breeze. Quiet was once again restored. No one had been spared, not so much as an infant. Bodies now lay in heaps before each small, stone hut. Others were in the fields and still more on the hillsides along with sheep and cattle. 
Doeg cleaned the blood off his sword with the lower part of his soiled robe and turned back to look down the valley one more time. All he saw there was a few quietly falling autumn leaves being tossed by the soft wind. The fields were silent as the final rays of evening's sunlight were being quenched by the encroaching twilight. 
He sheathed his sword slowly and then turned to rejoin his men. Together they walked back toward the court. All he could feel were the flickering pangs of regret that there was not one more man, woman or child to give satisfaction to the death-lust that gnawed away at his soul!
**********
In all the history surrounding Abraham's children, no wickedness had ever transpired of such magnitude. Nothing so sinister or appalling! 
The fading shadow of a great beast was also being cast across this valley of slaughter. As his hideous eyes looked upon the results of the bloody massacre before him, Tarkan lifted his voice and screamed with such power that it was heard even so far away as the Towers of Dread themselves! There, in response, the myriad of black spirits, began to squeal and blaspheme. They hissed, and with shrill and eerie voices began to screech incessantly for a victory of such dimension seldom realized. 
The earth fell into hushed darkness!



Chapter Seven
The Fugitive of Keilah

"And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the Name of the LORD shall be delivered:   Joel 2:32

The early days of the monarchy had been blessed with splendid times, and the people had long bathed in the warmth of her rising sun. But now, some thirty years later, the chilling wind of change had begun to gently waft across the hitherto tranquil landscapes of Israel, much of it a result of the stormy divergence within the heart of the King himself. 
Of all events bearing witness to this fact, there was none more appalling than that of the massacre at Nob, the city of priests. From one end of Israel to the other, the peoples’ grief was of such proportion that none were left unaffected. 
Saul, himself, knew that he had given way to something nightmarishly black that day. Often, when alone in private, he chastened his own soul with reproach and ignominy and, while weeping aloud, he would pace the floor of his darkened chambers, his hands covering the sides of his head as if he struggled to hush the voice of guilt! 
Yet, his remorse was a fading thing, pressing his mind furiously at one moment yet, in the next, abruptly disappearing like a fleeting ghost of the night. The indications of the King's unsoundness, however, began to make themselves more evident as the days passed by. 
**********
Outside Ramah's ancient gates there was a shocking and grotesque spectacle of unspeakable horror! Word of it had spread across Israel like fires on a dry prairie. Suspended high up against the elevated portions of the stone wall and, rocking slightly to and fro, hung a decapitated corpse! It would prove to be that of Doeg, the Edomite, and his head was impaled on a stake not far away. The public execution had been brutal, ordered by King Saul himself as recompense for his part in the wicked events of Nob! With cunning deception, proclamations were dispatched stating that it was the Edomite who, having lost all sanity, set forth on a killing spree and committed these unthinkable atrocities!
Yet. there were many that watched as Doeg was being dragged helplessly down the streets to the city gate, fighting his chains with howls of hopeless protest, and they wondered. Indeed, upon hearing what they heard, and seeing what they saw, they could not, and would not, avoid ruminating about the matter deeply for many days to come! 
The man's begging and screaming was with such anguish and desperation, his implicating version repeated over and over, all the way down the thoroughfare to the place of execution. It caused many of those standing by to shrink back with profound astonishment; truly the scene had scorched itself forever upon the fabric of their souls! 
Doeg's voice sounded almost unearthly as he implored in writhing despair that someone please listen. "Listen to me!" He cried out repeatedly, the words ripping from his throat in desperation, "LISTEN TO ME!!!" Hushed tones with falling tears and maniacal muttering were intermittent as he occasionally lifted his face, contorted by the ravaging of an unspeakable misery, and wept out his innocence. Only then to return to his outbursts of anguished pleading that it was the King . . . The KING!!! His Majesty . . . The King himself had . . . commanded the doing of these atrocious and bloody murders! The blood was on his hands and his hands alone!!
On down the hillside he was drawn without mercy. His chains rattled loudly and he screamed and begged as he was dragged along, sometimes partly standing, sometimes crawling! When his eyes at last fell upon the stone of execution, his mind broke, and hysteria caused his body to buckle and heave and yet . . . yet he cried out the one sentence over and over. "THE KING DID IT!! HIS ORDER! THE KING!!!" until at last the sickening and . . . severing thud hushed his words forever! 
 **********
The King that now occupied the throne was a much different man than he had been in his young days. Often he exploded into fits of rage at the slightest provocation and his wife, Ahinoam, found that she could no longer solace him. His moods were dark and they seemed to invade his mind at the most unpredictable times. 
There was a place in one of the upper rooms of his palace which had a large stone-framed window from which one could watch the evening sun as it set. To one side of the window was a lavish couch made of white stone on which were placed many billowing pillows of a variety of colors. David had often occupied this place as he played soft enchanting melodies upon his harp for the King. 
Saul sometimes longed to have David here once again, sitting as he had so often, singing and playing his instrument with such beauty that the King's darkened moods would just melt away. However, the peaceful tones of David's instrument no longer rang out from the royal and lavish confines of Saul's palace, but rather, resonated off the walls of a small earthy stronghold which came to be known as the Cave of Adullam. 
It was in this solitary and hidden refuge that David had spent many days waiting for direction from the Lord God, not even knowing how that might take place. 
When David and his young companions had returned from Philistia, he knew that he must find a place to protect those that were with him. One of his men, well acquainted with this area, had long ago heard of a hidden cave in the wilderness of central Judah and, though it took them many days to locate it, once they did, David knew that it would serve them well in hiding from Saul and his search parties. 
In the last months of summer, and on into the fall, as word went out that David was hidden in the deep thickets of Judah, a constant stream of men came searching to make him commander and serve him, believing in their hearts that he would one day be King, as the Lord had promised. Their number grew to more than four hundred, without adding to the count their wives and children. It was a great company. 
At Adullam his own father and mother came, as well as his brothers, for they were all fugitives seeking to escape the wrath of the King, Saul having issued an edict to the effect that they were to suffer death, along with the fugitive, David, when they were found. 
David's cousins came there as well. Among them was Abishai, who would come to be a stalwart pillar in the framework of David's fascinating future. 
Barren and deserted sat the home of Jesse, the ancient dwelling of Ruth and Boez. Such were the bleak circumstances that now surrounded the young man who had once been promised the throne of Israel by God Himself! Time passed slowly at the cave of Adullam, and life was, for the most part, uneventful. However, as the days ran into weeks the supplies began to dwindle, and with each passing day, David knew that he could not continue to ignore that fact. 
At last he made his decision to ride north to the city of Keilah, where he could, hopefully, purchase supplies without being recognized. On one brisk, early spring morning he gathered up five of his best men and they embarked upon the unavoidable venture. 
**********
On the rocky and little traveled road leading to the modest city of Keilah, a rather astonishing thing had just happened. That is, it would have been astonishing had there been someone there to see it, but, at that moment, there was not. At one instant it was an empty road, at the next, a solitary figure appeared out of nowhere, walking along as if he had been there all the while. After taking a few steps, however, he paused to look around on all sides of himself; but then, without so much as a shrug, he turned his face back to the way before him and continued his stride at a rather fast pace. 
The man was dressed in a long, brownish-red cloak and carried a prophet's staff by his side. The very top of his head was devoid of hair and smooth, but the back and sides were wrapped by thick, black curls, which encircled it like a crown. A very long, narrow and pointed beard covered the bottom of his face and wandered down at great length over the front of his robe. Thick brows billowed out from his forehead, beneath which were a deep set of piercing blue eyes. He was a man in his middle years, with rather compelling and distinguished features. 
The sun had just risen over the tops of the trees on what was to be a promisingly beautiful day; the birds lighting upon the abundance of new foliage were filling the air with their soft and enchanting melodies. The stranger was now approaching a narrow, yet swiftly moving stream, deep enough that it would soak the bottom of his robes if he tried to cross it unaided. He halted and stood there looking at the far side as if waiting for some event to take place.
The serenity of the morning was, however, about to be broken by the noise of a number of horse hooves falling rapidly upon the rocky surface of the road behind him. The man in the long robes never turned around to observe them. 
About a half dozen riders had left the shelter of the Cave of Adullam some hours before and were in route to Keilah to purchase much needed supplies for the large company that was living there with them. Each of the mounted horsemen was in disguise, their faces covered above with the hoods of their robes and below with thick scarves, which most of them had wrapped up around the sides of their faces. David, the King's son-in-law, led the way as they slowed their pace, coming up behind the man standing beside the waters. 
When all the horses had come to a complete halt, David, seeing that the man was facing a difficulty in crossing the waters, decided to offer him aid, all the time wondering what a lone soul was doing so far out from any village in the deep of the wilderness. "I would be glad to assist you across the waters if you would like to mount my horse with me, friend," David called out cordially from a short distance away. 
"Sire," the man answered never turning to see who spoke to him, but carefully using the word, Sire. "I believe it is the other way around. I think I am here to assist you!” 
There was light laugher as the men looked upon the single figure of a man unable to cross the ford, yet offering to help those who rode upon horses. But David did not laugh, nor did he take the man's words lightly, realizing that, without even looking in his direction, he somehow knew who David was. He could be an honest traveler or he could be one of Saul's many spies! 
"And how is it that you will assist me, my friend, because I may indeed be wanting?"
The man turned and looked up into David's face.
"Indeed you are wanting, Sire, but you lack more than just meat and grain!” 
David looked down at the stranger for a moment and wondered what he was trying to say and why he didn't just say it plainly. "We have need of supplies that is true, and are on our way presently to replenish them. Now, I ask you again, would you like me to aid you in crossing these swift waters?"
"There are other swift waters to cross besides these, Sire, and that is why I have come here to meet you this day."
David looked at the man for a lingering moment, but, after summing him up as a harmless wayfarer, began to grow a little impatient with what he was beginning to perceive as impertinence. "I will help you across these waters, but you must come with me now, sir, for I have pressing business in Keilah! Please, won't you mount my horse with me?"
"No, I will not!" The man replied, his voice edging almost on a tone of defiance, yet his face remained serene. 
"Well make your own way then, stranger, but I must go." David pulled his horse's reins a bit to the right, letting him circle around the man and began to enter the waters. 
His horse had just taken a step or two into the stream when the man spoke again. His voice was lifted and rang out with astonishing power and clarity. "Today a great shadow has fallen over Israel, Sire. One that you are not aware of! Her skies are draped with clouds of blood, and the vapors of misery and woe creep upon her from every side! And in this time, the Lord God sends a message to David, but I wonder will he stand still to hear the word of the Lord?"
David had halted at the man's words, and then, being somewhat startled he turned his horse back around and came up once again, out of the waters. "Speak to me then, if indeed it be that you speak His message, far be it from your servant to disdain the word of the Lord!" David, for his part, felt a bit unnerved at the man's alarming words as well as by the fact that this stranger knew who he was. 
The man continued. “The King, sitting on his throne of gold, has lifted the cup of treachery to his lips and drank in deep draughts. A gold crown sits upon his brow but his mind decays within and breeds foul and dissembling visions of desecration and corruption. He once walked the honorable path, but now stumbles blindly over the stones of rebellion which will one day lead him down to the gates of Sheol! Because of this utter defection of her King, Israel reels in sore confusion this very day."
"You are speaking rashly of the Anointed of the Lord!” David called back, his voice bearing traces of anger. 
"I am speaking as the Prophet of the Lord!" The man replied with a voice that had abruptly become stern. 
It grew tense but quiet for a long moment. At last, David spoke again. "If that is true, I mean you no disrespect. But why have you come to me?"
"I told you, I have a message for you, but you are not ready to hear me!"
These words kindled David's anger so he turned his horse to continue his journey. Yet, he was unable, and, after circling his horse one full time, he could not resist offering a pungent reply, this time in a more brash voice himself. "I wonder who you are that you bring a message from the Lord to me. You are not Samuel, for Samuel I know. Many say they speak the word of the Lord, but few really do. So, may I ask, what is your name?"
"I am Gad, Prophet of the Lord."
When the man spoke these words a deep hush fell over all the men including David. Gad was truly an enigmatic figure who was from Judah originally, but had spent the last many years in the northern areas of Israel. People spoke of him as a stern man, saying plainly what he thought, and, moreover, accomplishing powerful deeds in connection with his messages to Israel.
David became rather subdued once again as he sought for words with which to answer. "I know of you, and your renown goes before you. I know that your words are true. Speak for your servant listens.” David softly replied. 
"I will speak, to be sure, and you will listen. O son of Jesse, esteemed shepherd boy of Bethlehem, not long ago you had your own chair at the King's table and daily enjoyed his house of festivity. The abundance of life was served to you on silver trays. The young virgins of Israel sang their songs of you and your valor, and the King himself placed his hand upon your shoulder. Tell me, has the house of Saul treated you so that it has softened your spirit with indulgence and frivolousness? Where is Israel's shepherd now? Will the sheep be scattered on a thousand hillsides? Have you forgotten that you are chosen?" The Prophet's words were piercing as he looked David deep in the eyes. 
But David, suffering from weeks of sleeping on the dirt floor of his hideout and carrying the weight of the responsibility of so many, was not ready to be spoken to in this manner. Quickly he dismounted his horse and took rapid steps in the direction of the Prophet even as the words began to spill from his lips. “I did not choose this. As I remember it, the Lord God chose me! When did I say that I should be the man to sit over Israel and be her guide? On what day was I foolish enough that I thought to strive with the Almighty, that I might become the commander of His people? God came down to the green fields of Bethlehem among the sheep and sought there that He might find me, such as I am! I did not cry to the heavens or pursue this path on my own!” 
“So why do you speak to me with your chafing words this day. I never set myself up higher than my brother or strove to be a master in Israel. So then, hear what I have to say. This is my message to you. Find another heart to sling your blazing darts of criticism upon. I will not bare mine to your insults and unjust slanders any longer, prophet or no prophet!” 
While speaking thus, David had come to stand only a few steps before the man and his eyes were full of fire as he looked back into the prophet's face! But the prophet's face, too, had turned severe, and he, not backing away one step, lifted his hand and pointed his long finger into the young leader's burning face. "Have you forgotten that day in Bethlehem when the spirit of the Lord came upon you in the presence of the people. Does no residue of the oil from Samuel's sacred horn still abide upon your heart and soul? God chose one King to please the people, a man of stature and pleasing to the eye, and how quickly did that man forget who called him and placed him on his throne. Will your heart stray before you have even sat comfortably upon the velvet and the gold?"
"I have not forgotten anything. Certainly not! Can you bear witness against me this day? What responsibility have I shirked? Why do I live among the rocks and hillsides of this forsaken wilderness in expulsion from the society that was once dear to me? Why do you make these wild accusations against my person?"
"Because, in your heart you wish this were not so. You long for the pleasant life that you once had and question . . . why God has treated you in this manner. Nor is your heart willing to pay the price to be His chosen! And you know . . . and I know . . . and the Lord God knows . . . that what I am saying to you now . . . it is true!"
"Uhhhhggggg!" David groaned as he turned about in exasperation. For long moments he looked across the swift moving waters. His men stood a short distance away, all of them looking down at the earth with rather subdued expressions upon their faces. All was still for a long while. 
David was regretting his words already, and his heart smote him for his harsh statement concerning God and His choosing of himself. The young man struggled within until at last he looked down at the earth for a long while and then, turning back and lifting his eyes to look into the prophet's face, he quietly spoke. "You are right, you . . . are right!" He moved his head softly side to side as his fingers pressed his forehead in a gesture of dismay. He diverted his eyes, looking away for a moment to complete his words. "I have spoken rashly this day. Forgive my words and speak what is right. Do not speak anything less to your servant David. I am listening!"
The prophet slowly walked toward David, and, when he reached him, he placed his hand ever so gently upon the shoulder of the young King to be. "It is this very spirit that makes you such a worthy King, Sire. Most men would have walked away in anger! I know your heart, that you are true, I only speak this way to you so that your vision might once again be cleared. You have a great work ahead of you, one not devoid of grief as well as victory. So match your spirit to that of a King and know that God's dealings will be like the refiner's fire to you, it will test your heart. But keep strong trust, and He will yet bring you to the throne of Israel!"
The Prophet then stepped back and again leaned upon his staff using both hands. "Now I must tell you this. Leave this place soon, for Saul has already learned of your being here. Take your mother and father to the King of Moab, for God has made a place for them there. Go to the forest of Hereth and God will provide for you as well."
David listened to the man and was convinced that he spoke as the Oracle of God. There was something that leapt from his words into David's heart. "As you say, I will make preparations this very day. And may God be with all Israel and do what pleases Him with my life. May the evil things that you first spoke of be turned to good by the very hand of our God!" At this, David prepared to mount his horse again.
As he did so the Prophet beckoned him one more time to listen. "One more thing I must tell you. Go back to your stronghold and to your wives and children. Load up what you have but wait until morning to depart. Tonight a young boy will come to you with bruised body and torn clothes. Listen to his words carefully, and know that no matter how unbelievable they may sound, yet they are true. Be a comfort to him and he will be a comfort to you in years to come. Take him with you for he will be your priest.” 

There was some question in David at these words but he decided to wait and let the matter unfold on its own. "I will do all that you have said to me. And you are more than welcome to share what little we have. Come back with us to the safety of our camp."
"The Lord has work for me, but thank you. Go in peace.” With that said, the man turned around to face the river again, almost as if shutting out any more conversation with David. He just stood there as they turned their horses about and began to ride back toward the cave. When they were only a short distance away Abishai turned to speak to David. "I wonder if we will ever see him again."
David smiled just slightly. “Not sure I want to,” he replied with a shade of humor." 
He then briefly looked back to see the prophet one more time. When he did so, he pulled back suddenly on the reins of his horse. The other men, sensing that something had startled David, pulled back and turned their horses around in accordance. The riverside, and all the area about it, was empty! There was no man to be found! 
In David's heart, any uncertainty regarding who the man was, or his message, had now fled away for good!
**********
David and his men spent the rest of the day making preparations to move out on the following morning. When evening came all the people were seated around a scattering of small fires, none of them too far from the entrance to the cave. As darkness settled down, it a rather peaceful scene, with the light murmur of men and women's voices talking as well as those of children playing together just on the outer fringes of the gathering. Without warning being sounded, there was the sudden blast of the Shofar by one of the night patrol standing on the ridge just above the camp. Its sound was loud and piercing and it instantly sent a wave of alarm over the entire group. 
Most of the men were up in an instant with hands on the hilts of their swords, as they listened to see what was happening. A voice from the top of the hill called out to David. "Sire! One of the lookouts has taken an intruder trying to steal his way into the camp!"
At almost that same time a second voice rang out from the hillside. "My Lord it is I, Abiathar, son of Ahimelek, the priest of Nob, your friend!"
David instantly recognized the boy's voice and called back to him. "Abiathar, what is the matter, what brings you to our camp at this time? Is all well with your Father? Come down to me!"
And then he added speaking to his guard. "It is well Jaaziel! I know this boy! Bring him down with haste!"
As the guard brought the boy nearer to the fires his appearance was at once unsettling. A boy no more than eighteen years of age, of medium height, wearing a simple black tunic which had suffered many tears and was begrimed with sweat and dirt. His bare legs were covered with cuts and bruises as were his arms and hands. A fairly large rucksack swung at his side, supported by its wide strap over his left shoulder. The cords of his sandals, which had once reached up to just below his knees, had now been frayed and cut and retied so many times that neither of them came up much higher than his ankles. 
As he was brought to stand close by, David looked upon the face of a boy he knew very well, only to shutter at his appearance. There was blood from many cuts and wounds particularly on each side of his face, where branches and briars had obviously torn into the skin ruthlessly and leaving it to bleed. Above his left eye was a dark, round bruise and his upper lip was swollen on the left side. Dried blood covered it as well as parts of his left cheek. Dirt and grime covered his face, but not so much that David did not recognize him readily. "Abiathar! Your presence here in this manner troubles me greatly. Tell me of the house of Ahimelek. Is all well with your Father? What news do you bring to me?” David spoke with an ever growing tone of anxiousness, the more so as he continued to examine the appearance of the boy in front of him. 
Beneath all the dirt and blood David knew the boy to be of a pleasant demeanor, normally witty and intelligent. Yet, at the moment, in his obvious attempt to present himself in a good manner, he appeared to be struggling until, at last, he looked down, and with a breaking voice, began to speak. "No, all is not well. My aa . . . my family . . . they are all dead!" With these words, his hands came up to cover his face; and his shoulders heaved as he fought to prevent the sob that at last escaped his lips. The youth sank to his knees with his hands over his face and repeated the words. "My family . . . they are . . . all gone Sire, they are all dead. My father is dead!” And he wept into his hands as he sank down to the earth in sorrow. 
It was the first time since that tragic affair had taken place that the boy was able to give vent to the deep agony of grief that bore down upon his youthful soul! 
David was staggering to accept the words of the boy yet he knew there was no question as to their truth. At that moment he remembered the words of Gad the Prophet and his heart felt sick. Quickly he squatted down in front of him and placed his hand gently on the boy's shoulder to comfort him. I am sorry Abiathar. I am sorry." He thought it best to say nothing more at the moment. 
In a short time the boy recovered to some degree and continued. "Not only are my family and everyone that is dear to me dead but all the priests and all their families are also taken away. The King had every one of them killed less than four days ago and I alone have escaped. I am the only one that survived out of our whole village. The entire town of Nob has been massacred!" And the boy began to weep again. 
David stood up with an incredulous look upon his face. The words were staggering! His soul as well as his stomach grew sick. And it was so with all those that heard. The strength departed David's legs and he sat down upon the earth not knowing how to react or what to think. His mind was numb! 
The entire camp, all the men, and all the women, and even the children, once told, sat down in utter silence, wondering how such a thing could have ever happened. The only noise for some long period was the crackling of burning branches and the light sobbing of a boy in unspeakable grief!
After a long while one of the women came to the boy with a bowl of water and some clean cloths. She bathed his face and spoke kindly to him. Others brought food and he slowly ate and regained some of his strength. 
"Abiathar? Do you feel like talking?” David softly inquired. 
"I am well, Sire. Ask me what you like and I will tell you as best as I can." The boy answered, looking back at David through somber eyes. 
"How did you get here, or that is, how did you find this place?" David asked because he feared that his hiding place had become known even to Saul. And he wondered if, perhaps, Saul's men had followed the boy. His fear was that they could be broken in upon at any moment. 
"Sire, I believe it is well for you at this moment. I knew where to come because the night before the King and his men came to Nob, a visitor came to my Father's house and informed us that you were hiding here. Yet, he did say that there were whispers as far north as Socoh of your whereabouts and soon the King is sure to know as well." David pondered the boy's words for a moment and then continued asking him questions. 
"You said that Saul was somehow responsible for this?"
"Yes Sire, it was later afternoon, toward evening and I had gone far down the valley to retrieve a small herd of sheep. I was returning with them when I heard screaming and crying coming out of the village. As I came closer I spotted men with their blades drawn pulling our people from their homes and killing them with the sword, right there in front of each house. I was terribly afraid. I climbed the hill on the south side of the valley as quickly as I could and came up on the back side of the court, hoping to find a horse, on which to ride for help. I didn't know what to do and was very confused and afraid.” 
“When I came down closer to the court, I could hear men talking and then I saw the King himself. His men were with him, and, as I carefully made my way closer, I saw they were was the priests of our village. Then I saw my own father's body lying in a pool of blood to one side! My heart melted within me and I could not even move, I was so stricken with fear! There was still crying coming up out of the village and I just didn't know what to do, nor even where to run!" 
The boy's voice again became very shaky and David paused questioning him for a long while. Yet, after some time, Abiathar began again on his own. "After some time I circled back around to the valley where the homes of our village were. The sun was setting and the cries were dying down. At that moment I understood that they were not allowing anyone to live. I knew then that the same fate waited for me if they caught me! I, too, would surely be put to death. At that time the last of the villagers were executed before my eyes! A tall, older man with white hair was giving orders. None of the King's soldiers were in the village itself. This man, and two or three others dressed like him, were putting our families to death." 
"I was petrified and ran back to the hill on the north side to hide until it was nearly dark, when I heard them all leaving. I stayed in the hills that night. I didn't know what else to do!"
"You did right Abiathar. There would have been no way to get help soon enough, and had you tried to stop them, they would have surely killed you as well." Abiathar looked down at the ground between his feet, reliving the scenes in his mind. 
David's next words were little more than a whisper. "It is my fault that your family is dead. That day I went to Nob and your Father gave me bread for my men, I saw Doeg and I feared he would tell the King. He is an evil man and I wish now that I had taken his life, but at the time I did not have cause and could not do so." Again there was a long pause before David spoke again. 
"You may stay with me, Abiathar. You can be my priest and I will protect you. In the morning we will leave this place and find better refuge. It will take many days for your heart to even begin to heal, but it will someday and you should understand that you will always have a place, and be a part of the house of David from this day and forever!"
"Thank you, Sire. That means more to me this day than you could ever understand. Thank you for your kindness to me!" 
That night David had a place made for the boy in his own tent. From that time forward, he cared for him, remembering Ahimelek, his Father, and the kindness he had shown him. A kindness that had cost him his life!"
**********
Thus began the days that David spent being hotly pursued by King Saul. The wildernesses and deserts of Judah became his home. Yet, these vast areas of seclusion, by this time in Israel's history as a nation, were relatively devoid of threat and provided sufficient shelter for what would become a very protracted time for David and his men to evade the sword of Saul.
The kingdom of Israel under the rule of Saul had now began to consolidate, and to appear, and behave much more like one nation rather than a handful of small kingdom tribes. Most of the Philistine garrisons that once plagued the land had been eliminated. The King had landed one crippling blow after another upon these in his early days of rule, to the extent that Philistia now had very little control over the territories of Israel. By far, the larger portions of the land were now ruled by the Hebrew people, with the exception of a stronghold of Jebusites at Jerusalem.
If one studied a map of the Israelite territories in these times they would be struck first by the fact that the country bore an extremely vertical shape running nearly two hundred miles north and south as compared to its less than sixty mile width. In other words, it was a tall slender body of land that ran parallel to the Mediterranean Sea, north and south.
A second outstanding feature would be the fact that a range of hills and mountains ran up and down the country's length, looking almost like a backbone and separating east from west nearly all the way down from upper Dan, in the north, to the central area of southern Judah, where it devolved into a barren wilderness. 
A third interesting observation would be that Judah's territory at the south of the kingdom contained nearly as much land area as all the other territories put together. It was in these regions, at the very heart of Judah, that David hid himself for so long. 
Hereth, the great forest, was located in these central areas of Judah in the lower regions of the mountain range that ran throughout Israel. The land was quite rocky and, yet, well covered with Pine and Olive trees as well as Oak and Cedar. It occupied a region on the map very near midway between the Dead Sea and the Great Ocean on the west. It was to this region that the Prophet Gad instructed David to flee and, because of its vast wilderness it provided a great deal of protection for himself and his people. 
It took some months for David and his men to set up a proper and worthy camp. Food had to be gathered or purchased under guise and secrecy, and tents produced from large animal hides. The first and most elaborate tent was made for David himself and it was the pleasure of all those that followed him to see to it that he was taken care of in a kingly manner, at least so far as resources would allow. 
The men and women that had gathered under his banner were strong believers in David's appointment to the throne by the will of the Lord God Himself. Nearly all of them believed that Saul had gone completely awry in his leadership of Israel. This was a sentiment now beginning to sweep over the entire nation. 
As the days and weeks went by, the small group gradually began to achieve a certain level of comfort and security in their new situation. Even at that, it was important that they never stay too long in one place, so they made it a practice to uproot and move back and forth from north to south and west to east, continually throughout their stay in this vast wilderness. 
It was during this time that David and his men set up camp near the city of Keilah, a city just outside the northern reaches of the forest, so that they could more easily obtain supplies. Many months passed and, for the time being, Saul had backed off his pursuit of David. 
They settled into this camp and had stayed longer than was wise, but the weeks had now turned to months and the people grew weary with the process of constantly uprooting and making new camps. Moreover, at this time word came to David that the Philistines were raiding the threshing floors of Keilah for it was now late summer and the floors were rich with an abundance of grain and other crops. David knew that his own people, which had grown to number far more than a thousand, would be requiring supplies that Keilah should be able to provide them. For that reason he made the decision to give them assistance against the raiders of Philistia. Further, David was also aware that, with any luck, he just might be able to obtain a large amount of spoils from the Philistines. 
The young fugitive took his men and came upon the Philistine camp when they were not expecting it and fought them, driving them from the territory. He gained a large supply of cattle and other supplies for his own people as a result of the conflict. His victory also spared the people of Keilah. 
Now the city itself was rather large with walls and gates, and David felt safe in bringing his people there for a rest. However, word of this leaked out to Saul and he quickly mobilized his men to come down and take these obstinate renegades by besieging the city. When David learned that Saul was on his way to fight him, and further, that the city leaders had decided to hand him over to Saul, he and his men departed quickly. This would prove to be the beginning of a search by Saul for David and his men that would stretch over the next many years. It was under these circumstances that David now found himself being ruthlessly pursued on a daily basis and running and hiding, more or less like an animal, in the hills. 
There were several places within this area that he could seek refuge. To the south there was En-Gedi, a fortified city on the west shores of the Dead Sea, populated by a people not in sympathy with Saul, though it was a much more difficult area in which to find supplies as the land did not present the abundances that the northern parts of Judah did. There were the desert areas of Ziph, which were safer and short excursions could be made to gather provisions from the nearby cities of Socoh and Keilah. 
The hunted band of men was now in constant retreat, moving from place to place in an effort to evade the relentless King. 
**********
It happened at this time, that the camp had been pitched for many days in a more central part of the forest; the time of year was early fall. New supplies had just been secured and the people had celebrated with an evening of festivity. But David himself had retired early. An implacable sense of dejection had overtaken the youthful leader, and. of late, he had become profoundly subdued and melancholy. 
After eating his dinner he made his way to his tent and lay down on his bed with his hands folded beneath his head. His mind was in turmoil. Questions plagued him incessantly for which he had no answers. "Where is God in all of this? How long can I keep running from one place to another and what is it accomplishing? Has the promise that I will one day be King all been a dream, a delusion, a mistake?" David's soul was weary and he seemed to have no place to turn, nor was there any person that he could confide in. In his heart he felt alone!
For many months he had tried to push any thoughts of family out of his mind. It only made his isolation feel greater. And of all those that his mind wanted to turn to, there was none more pressing than his memories of Jonathan, the King’s son and David’s friend! Tonight they seemed to break in upon him with determination and he found himself unable to resist. Oh what memorable occasions those had been! Jonathan had made it no secret that he loved David more than anyone in the kingdom. The two had been inseparable even after his father ,the King, had begun to turn on David. Still, what pleasant years had transpired before that time!
Jonathan had first met David when he was brought to the King's tent at the battle of Elah, the same day that he went out to fight the giant, Goliath. On that very day, Jonathan was so deeply struck with David's valiant spirit that he pledged himself to befriend him at any cost. Never had he met anyone quite like David. 
After David had killed the giant and liberated the army of Israel, Saul had been deeply charmed by him as well, and brought him to his own house where he placed a permanent chair at his table for the young giant killer. Jonathan, being the eldest of Saul's sons, was the crown Prince, yet, he never appeared to David to take himself too seriously, or behave in a way that would come off as conceited or arrogant. Quite the opposite! There seemed to be no evaluation of himself in any light, and he never attempted to appear either humble or proud. His actions and behaviors were always very natural and pleasing to David, which made him easy company for a boy who had only recently come from the sheep fields of Bethlehem. The Prince was some six or seven years older than David but he never acted superior in any way at all and they had quickly become the best of friends. 
As David lay back, his mind was flooded with warm recollections of the many days they had spent together. Jonathan was, first and foremost a warrior, and many times he and David had went out together to fight the Philistines. They often talked together, as they walked or rode along, of great battles and of the simple things of life as well as of the young women who sang to them when they came back from battle! Joking and laughing, and, once or twice, bickering, their relationship grew exceedingly deep and meaningful. Tonight, he could visualize the Prince scooping up honey in the shallow forests of Beth-Aven, where it lay upon the ground, seeping up from combs, and his disturbing some of the bees which caused him the necessity of having to take a rather rapid flight! 
Again he recalled their swimming together in the mountain pools of Shechem and riding the fords of Jordan or bathing in the soft waves of the sea of Chinnereth far to the north. Pleasant excursions that lasted for days were spent hunting in the mountains of Ephraim as well as in the lowlands of Gad. 
At Saul's Palace in Gibeah it was not uncommon that feasts, lasting for day’s were conducted with the finest of foods, music and celebration. Certainly, one of the greatest events was when David was given Michal, Saul's daughter to marry. On that day he became the King's son-in-law! At the time it had seemed like almost a dream. Jonathan was now his brother-in-law! For days they celebrated with endless feasting and festivity. The people of Israel were all elated by the marriage and charmed by the young warrior, David of Bethlehem. David laid back and relived all of these wonderful events for a long while. 
Yet, as his mind recalled these things, his gloominess grew even deeper. He now thought of his wife, Michal. The last time he had laid eyes on her was the night that she had tied sheets together and let him down out of the upper story window of their home in Gibeah. It was a nerve-wracking event then but almost humorous as he thought back on it. Yet, it did serve to make him long for her and wish that he could be with her again. The more he considered all these things, the sadder he became. 
Nonetheless, David did not forget God. Nor did he forget where his strength would come from. Amid all these difficulties that tested him at the deepest levels of his soul, still he knew the gift of God was His strength to those that wait upon him with patience. Trusting in this and remembering the days when he was only a shepherd boy, how God had helped and sustained him when troubles arose, he once again turned his heart thereto, and encouraged himself in the Lord. 
That night, deep in the heart of the forests of Hereth David began to scribe these words:

The LORD is my shepherd, I shall lack nothing. 
He makes me lie down in green pastures, 
He leads me beside quiet waters . . . 
********** 
In the pursuing years David took to himself two more wives. The first was Ahinoam, whom he married while they abode at the stronghold of En Gedi, and, the second, Abigail, the widow of a man named Nabal of Ziph. In time they would both bear him children, and in these trying years they gave him much comfort. 
It was at this time that word came to David's camp that the Prophet Samuel had died. All Israel grieved for him. He had been one of the most extraordinary leaders that Israel had ever known. He was a prophet, a priest and a judge! Without favoritism or greed, he had ruled the Hebrews for nearly seventy years.
David felt a keen sense of loss upon receiving word of Samuel's death. His mind took him back to the day when Samuel first came to his father's house in Bethlehem and anointed him with oil. It seemed so long ago now. Indeed, in some respects it was. Nearly fourteen years had passed; the days of his youth also had passed like the wind, with seemingly little to show for it. Yet, David held to the promise made that day. He could hear the words of the prophet even now. "One day you will rule over God's heritage and God himself will establish your throne forever!" 
David grieved at the passing of the prophet, but it only made him cling that much more to the promise! 
Saul, however, did not grieve at the death of the aged prophet, but rather, rejoiced inwardly. For more than thirty years he had lived under the man's shadow and now he was free. At this point the King was feeling that if he could now rid himself of David, his kingdom would once again be established under his own scepter. He began to redouble his efforts to seek out David with the intention of killing him. He would spend the last years of his life with this one ambition foremost in his mind.
But the people that had stood by the young King-to-be were more and more settled in their convictions of his future. They regarded him, even now, as King over them and treated him as such. Willingly, they moved from place to place, waiting for the day when God would set things aright in Israel!

It was a common thing, now, for the voice of King Saul to be heard echoing down the long halls of his palace as he tread its corridors far into the night, crying out berserk statements of apparent insanity, weeping one moment and singing the next! "I am the King! I am the only King! Pompous rat from Bethlehem! Give me time and I will put an end to your treachery! I am the first King of all Israel! You shall never have my throne!" Then the severity of his tone would lessen as groans and weeping saturated the night and he would call aloud for David! "David my son? Is that you? How I have missed your presence! You are all things that I have wished to be! Come to me David!"
At other times he would sit and hold the golden crown in his hands with an almost trance-like look on his face. "Twelve precious stones! One for each of the tribes over which I rule! I am King! God appointed Saul to be King. The crown is mine! Son of Jesse, you thief! But your sedition shall yet be dealt a death blow! By the hand of Saul himself no less. Yes, it shall come to you when you are least expecting it! I will have your head, David of Bethlehem!" In the hearts of many of his officials and servants, the mind of the King was slipping away into darkness!
Twice more Saul brought his men down to Keilah and the wilderness beyond with the intention of hunting the son of Jesse down, and. Yet. the fugitive continued to elude him. By now, this pursuit by Saul had turned into years and David's heart was becoming exceedingly weary. Still worse was the fact that. within his own soul, David knew that he was beginning to truly fear Saul! It seemed that the King had one consuming desire in life, and that was to kill David! The young, exhausted fugitive knew this with absolute certainty! Because of this David made his decision to take his men and their families and flee to Philistia where, strangely as it may seem, King Achish had offered him refuge. There he would spend the next several years and settle his men in the small city of their own called Ziglag. It was here that David stayed and waited for the Lord God to fulfill His promise. 



Chapter Eight
The Silent Hills of Gilboa

And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a Prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.
Numbers 12:6
And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it.    Habakkuk 2:2



Charmaca, ranking commander and newly appointed general of all military forces, by the will of the High Lords of Philistia, was, without question, a vicious and ruthless man. For more than twenty years he had learned the art of war. The man that had never taken a wife had but one driving force in life, namely, inflicting terror and death upon all enemies of Philistia.
The son of an Egyptian, he had lived the first nine years of his life on the banks of the Nile, but was taken away by raiders, and sold into slavery at Philistia, where he lived the next six years, eventually becoming the servant to a high-ranking officer. While still a youth, he exhibited an uncanny aptness for combat and battle and, in the ensuing years, distinguished himself repeatedly as an intense and fierce warrior, capable of executing strategies of conquest in a merciless and savage manner!
In his very appearance, Charmaca presented himself, a most formidable and intimidating figure. Standing head and shoulder taller than any on the field, his body was a war machine of itself! The extruding muscles of both his legs and arms were like coiled metal and those of his trunk, dense and potent. 
In agreement with the memories of his Egyptian father, Charmaca always wore his head shaved, with neither hair piece nor paint. After the battle of Actra, where his face was severely disfigured by the tip of a sword's blade, it was common for him to wear a band of cerise red cloth wrapped around the top of his head, draped to cover part of his left eye. The eye itself remained intact, but the lid had been mangled as the tip of the blade ripped it while traveling on down the same side of his face to bestow an abhorrent scar that never diminished.
Charmaca wore no helmet and only the lightest constructed breastplate of mail and leather along with a heavy belt of black dyed leather, and a thickly woven tunic of matching color. Such would be the man who would lead the assault against Saul King of the Hebrews at the battle of Gilboa. Mounted high on his own stallion, a fitting and powerful beast of black with large patches of brown, he began to set the field in array. 
More than one hundred thousand footmen were set in formation on the western entrance of the Valley of Jezreel well before the sun had climbed to any significant distance in the heavens. More than twenty thousand of these were excellent bowmen. The remainder, for the most part, were veterans of war, hardened to battle, stout of heart, well proven and able swordsmen. 
Upon the front lines he had positioned three thousand of Philistia's most excellent chariots. Of the six thousand charioteers, three thousand were excellent archers, the best of the Philistine ranks. Two thousand of these would be set in order for an initial assault, and one thousand would remain in reserve. Ten thousand of his select bowmen would comprise the second wave of assault, followed by his swordsmen. All orders were dispatched and the field was set in order. 
**********
The region within Israel called Jezreel where Charmaca had positioned his vast military was a rather long and somewhat narrow area that ran east to west in upper Israel, also known as the Valley of Megiddo. It was the most resourceful and fertile region among the lands of the Hebrew commonwealth. Charmaca considered it an excellent place to embark on his conquest of Israel. The Valley of Megiddo was a very ancient battleground and many neighboring nations had fought major conflicts here as well. Because the area had been a common route through the Levant or that region of land east of the Mediterranean, it had also witnessed a large number of military struggles. Here, five centuries before, one of the most famed battles of ancient times had been fought when Pharaoh Thutmose III of Egypt engaged Kadesh, King of a united force of Canaanite vassal states. Many other major battles had also been fought here since that time. 
The Philistine General had carefully laid out his plans to invade the northern, less fortified areas of Israel first. Sweeping down in a southerly direction, he would hopefully avoid meeting resistance, until he had made his way to Gibeah, the seat of Israel's government, where sat the throne of King Saul. For this reason, he had concealed, as far as possible, the advancement of his army up the coast of the Great Ocean, until he was ready to take a short diversion east through a shallow mountain passage coming out at Megiddo, at which point he was in the Valley of Jezreel. 
However, word of Charmaca's designs came to Saul early enough for him to at least muster a fair opposing force, which he had lead up the Jordan basin, turning west to meet Charmaca just beyond Mt. Gilboa. There the two opposing forces would converge, midway up the valley.
**********
The King had reached Jezreel late in the afternoon of the day prior to the battle, and set up camp in the shallow hills of Gilboa, near the edge of the valley floor. Earlier in the day he had made efforts to consult the priests concerning the battle, and, when no answer was forthcoming, he turned to other sources. 
Saul had returned from his meeting with the witch of Endor before the last flames of the camp’s fires had blazed away. Exhausted and troubled, he immediately fell into a deep slumber, and slept hard until he was awakened by his armor bearer, Jakin, some short time before daylight. In his very waking moments, Saul made a conscious and deliberate determination concerning the affair of the preceding night, that is, his visit with the witch, and that decision was that he would completely dismiss its implications as a figment of his over worked and tired mind! After all, who was to say that the spirit to whom he supposedly spoke, was truly the Prophet Samuel? It seemed very doubtful to him this morning. More likely some kind of specter, invoked by the witch to impress him with her ability. It was clear in his mind that she did possess mysterious powers but, nevertheless, that did not mean that the person she called up for him to see was really the old Prophet himself! No, it was all a big show for his sake. He would pay it no attention. Rather, he would conjure up in his imagination scenes of triumph, how he would engage the enemy, just as always, and win a great victory. His return from battle would be rewarded with great applause and praise, a thing which he so deeply cherished!
The King stepped out into the morning sun, still presenting the form of a magnificent warrior. Seventy two years of age, yet to an amazing degree, Saul remained a specimen of the ideal soldier. His body, slowed very little by age, remained lean and powerful, as he steadfastly refused to succumb to the debilitating effects of luxury. Having lived as a Benjamite, he held that he would die the honorable death of a warrior! 
Dressed in his usual royal tunic, vest of deep scarlet and blue, he had carefully strapped on his belt and sword as well as his corselet. His servant carefully placed the golden crown upon his head, still as lustrous as it was the day it was first placed there by Samuel the Prophet. 
From where he stood, Saul could see at a distance that the royal chariot had already been prepared, hitched up with one of his finest Arabian mares. What a magnificent piece of work the chariot was! Saul could not help taking a moment to admire the inescapable beauty it presented. Designed and built in Egypt, the cage, which extended up to waist level, was constructed of select reeds, pressed and woven together, and then painted white. Above this was a handrail which wrapped all the way around, and was shaped perfectly to accept the grip of a man's hand. Made of fine. polished wood. it had a segment at the front that had been overlaid with ivory. The step, as well as the floor, was of a soft beaten leather, dyed a deep purple and tufted in an overlapping design with a diamond shape; yet, it remained mostly flat for secure footing. Elegant handles, supported by wooden spindles of elaborate design, gleamed with overlaid gold. The chaise, too, was overlaid with silver, and matched the inner hub on the wheels with their wooden white painted spokes partly overlaid with silver as well. 
Only kings had such carriages, and Saul gazed upon it with a look of great pride before giving his guards instructions as to where it should be placed in waiting. He would ride it gloriously through each of the cities located between here and his home at Gibeah. Now though, it was time for battle!
The King was informed that Jonathan and his commanders were waiting for him at the spring, just some hundred or so yards below the camp, where the hillside meets the valley. He carefully mounted his own steed, a creature of immaculate beauty, and slowly began his decent to the spring where he would discuss the battle with his generals.
 **********
"Our estimates have Charmaca in command of as many as seventy thousand footmen, perhaps more, and a complement of chariots nearly doubling that which we can place on the field, Sire!" Rehabiah spoke in grave tones. 
"In other words, we are vastly outnumbered?" Saul replied, the first traces of concern beginning to creep over his face. 
"I am afraid it is so Sire!" Rehabiah agreed. 
"And what about Abner? Is there no word?"
"We have heard nothing since our last report of yesterday at noon. As you know, his messenger conveyed that the armies of Judah were slow in response, and even then he was not sure that they would arrive with more than twenty thousand men!"
"Twenty thousand men would be a great relief to me this morning, Rehabiah. Send out one more messenger so that, if Abner is close at hand, he might come to us with all speed!” 
"Very well, Sire!” And Rehabiah turned to the closest officer to dispatch the order. 
As he did so, a second officer hastily approached him and spoke. “The Philistines are setting the field in order, Sir, and it appears that they have an exceedingly large force, far more than we might have expected, Sir!" 
Saul, who had overheard this, hurried back up the hillside until he found a spot more advantageous to view the expanse of the valley. Once there, his eyes fell upon a most unnerving and disheartening sight. The sun was well into the sky by now, and the King could easily see it reflecting off of a mass of shields being set in array opposite the field to his own forces. What he saw was staggering! Saul had been in enough battles that he was well able to assess the enemy’s number. Upon observing for lingering moments, from where he and Jonathan now stood, he knew they were outmanned to a terrible extent; with the realization, a great sense of dread began to fall over him. 
A flashback of the night before suddenly filled his mind, and he could not prevent a moment of sober reflection, only this time he was not as sure that the one to whom he spoke, was not, indeed, Samuel of Ramah, God's Prophet! He turned to his son with a deep sense of alarm in his voice. "How did our scouts misjudge the Philistine number so badly? We are facing a force of one hundred thousand strong, at the very least."
In reality, Charmaca had divided his forces and sent them up to Megiddo in two separate parties. It was likely that once Saul's scouts had encountered the first, they returned thinking that was the sum of his military might. Saul looked upon the field with a dismal expression on his face. Without looking at Jonathan, he spoke again. "In all my years, I have never been this outnumbered in battle. There is little hope of victory on the field this day!" 
It had always been one of Jonathan's strong points to stay calm under pressure so, while he could not deny that the matter looked grim, he, nonetheless, whole heartedly rejected the sense of alarm emanating from his father. In a steady and collected voice, he addressed the King. "Father, the Lord God has never failed us! I trust Him! We will give the battle into His hands, and fight accordingly!"
"You have no idea what the Lord God may or may not do. Are you now His voice that you speak for Him?" Saul retorted with what was now a growing sense of frustration and perhaps even panic in his voice. 
Jonathan stood still. trying to decide the frame of mind now dictating his father's words. 
Saul had looked back again at what he could plainly see to be an ominous threat gathering in the far reaches of the valley. Neither he nor Jonathan spoke for some time as they both gazed at the scene taking shape on the field. 
There Jonathan, too, could comprehend the seriousness of the threat that the swelling ranks of opposing soldiers now presented! After a lengthy period of time had elapsed spoke again. "I trust in the Lord God. But if, by chance, His will does not favor us, then I do know this with certainty, Father, we will yet fight with courage and bravery, and, if it should be God's will, die with the honor of a Benjamite warrior!"
Somehow the Prince's words did, indeed, calm the King. Saul turned away from the discouraging sight, and looked Jonathan deep in the eyes while placing his hand lightly on his shoulder. "You are now, and have always been a splendid reflection upon the throne of Israel as well as upon me, Jonathan. May the Lord God see to it that you live on far beyond this day, so that tales of your fame and glory may reach to the very ends of the earth! That is something I mean with all my heart, that is my desire for you! I have not always been the best father to my sons that I could have been Jonathan, but I regret things that I committed against you the worst! If we make it beyond this battle, I will surely make it up to you. I pledge that much to you!" Saul dropped his glance to the ground for a moment, and then turned his face back to the gathering forces on the far end of the field. 
Jonathan did not reply at all, for he hardly knew what to say, having never heard his father speak in this manner, even once before in his life. He, too, just looked away to the far end of the valley, yet the words did resound in his heart! 
Then, Saul turned back and it was as if a completely different person spoke. "The men are waiting. Let us show Philistia what true warriors are made of!” With that he laid his hand on Jonathan's shoulder warmly one more time, after which they both turned and began to walk toward the fields of Gilboa! 
**********
The use of inciters, was not something unique to Charmaca, so far as battle strategies were concerned. However, whereas other commanders promoted a certain fearsome and dreadful attitude among the soldiery, Charmaca went much further. Employing every means at his disposal, he strove to engender a completely vile and brutal mentality within the minds of his men, never leaving it to develop by chance. 
Today would be no different. The more vicious and savage his men's mood, the more confident he was of the outcome on the field of battle. Therefore, as was his usual practice, he had sent men out among the ranks, to promote as early on as possible, these very sentiments. 
As it turned out, he was pleased when his informers relayed to him that there seemed to be little need for outside encouragement in this regard, and reported, further ,that his men were exhibiting a brutal bend of mind this morning, one that would soon be fanned into rage. It was uncanny how quickly this temper was spreading!
In some areas of the camp where men were finishing their sharpening of axes and stringing of bows, their voices had already grown clamorous and loud. In other parts, namely on the eastern field, a large group of soldiers had already begun formation and were chanting a grisly and chilling verse. 

The blade will hack, the hammer blow, 
Till blood runs off our hands,
With axe and spear, we'll crush their bones,
And grind then in the sands."

With a quickened gallop, Charmaca directed his horse to the open field, headed to the front lines of his army which had now been assembled to formation. Upon arriving somewhat near the center, he halted. His two generals were waiting, also mounted, and they saluted. "Is the field set in order?" Charmaca called out. 
"The field is set in order, sir!” replied Amera, commander of the archers and chariots. 
"Infantry awaits your orders, Sir," added his second in command under Amera. 
"Very well. Remember my orders. We will first station our forces at mid-field, moving out the chariots first, followed close by the archers, and finally, the swordsmen. I will give Israel time to meet us on the field."
"When I have taken my position in the open, watch for my signal, the dropping of my blade and, at that time, commence the horns to blowing! When I drop my sword a second time, launch our full assault!"
"Very good, Sir, we will await your signal," his first commander replied. 
With that Charmaca spurred his horse and rode out a small distance to turn and address his men. He first stilled the beast beneath him and then looked for some long moments over the nearly measureless ocean of men in arms positioned before him. It was truly one of the largest Philistine forces ever assembled. As he examined them for a moment, he became acutely aware of, and almost amazed by, the aura of hatred that loomed about them. Like a chained bull fighting at its restraints, they were more eager for combat than he had ever found them. Lifting his head high into the air, he allowed the cool morning breeze to lightly blow across his face for a brief moment before speaking. 
"Listen to what I have to say you men of Philistia! Today we will take up Israel and shake her as one takes up a mat and shakes it free of vermin! Upon the necks of these feeble and pathetic rebels we are going to place, once more, the yoke of Philistine rule. Fight well today and you will carry back to your homes such a bounty of spoil, as to leave you living in plenty for the rest of your days! Fight well today . . . and we will end forever the Hebrew resistance to the will of the Lords of Philistia!"
As the men shouted out with a tremendous voice of approval, Charmaca's horse rose slightly in the air, and he paused. Yet, after the men quieted somewhat, he spoke one more thing in his powerful resounding voice. "DEATH TO THE HEBREWS!"
Instantly his men returned the cry and began a loud chant!
"DEATH TO THE HEBREWS!"
"DEATH TO THE HEBREWS!”  
"DEATH TO THE HEBREWS!"
Over and over they repeated it, each time crying out louder than the time before. 
As Charmaca turned his horse and rode off to one side of the field, he became aware that his men had begun a powerful stomping motion as well. The volume of their chanting, along with the stomping of their feet, began to swell and fill the entire valley with its thunderous and foreboding noise. Thousands upon thousands of voices shouting out while stomping their feet in unity, filled the valley with its overwhelming intensity! It was not lost on those waiting on its eastern edge!
Charmaca rode to one side of the field and circled to position himself. Turning briefly to gaze up the eastern span he saw the Hebrew forces beginning to gather on the field. He waited there, watching them set the field in order. Then, the General turned back and dropped the tip of his sword downward; the signal was given to engage the horn blowers. One thousand massive horns made of wood, designed to resonate a deep, yet piercing eruption, now began blasting from both sides of the field, five hundred on each edge. 
This malicious and devious leader had long since learned the advantage of intimidation, and used it with great diligence. How well he knew the effect that so many blasting horns, with such thunderous intensity, had upon the nerves of the enemy. 
The Philistine commander dropped the tip of his sword once more and the generals began marching the army forward, led by the first assault of two thousand chariots. The march of the Philistine army was purposefully slow and deliberate, and the intense stomping continued. Just the sound of hundreds of thousands of men stomping in rigid and perfected order, was of itself enough to dismay the enemy.
Saul, was in no way ignorant as to the effect Charmaca's tactics would have on his men that he had now begun to move into position upon the field. He realized that the appearance of such a sprawling mass of soldiers would certainly deter the courage of even his best warriors if left unchecked. He had no intentions of allowing these ominous distractions the opportunity of devouring the fortitude of his men. 
Quickly, he ordered a line of some four hundred of his best archers to the front, led by a brave man named Acharia. In what would be nothing short of a death march, Acharia was ordered to lead the others forward, until only a small distance lay between them and the oncoming chariots, at which time they would halt, allow for careful aim, and then take out as many charioteers as possible with their first few shots. Every man assigned to this daunting maneuver knew with near certainty that his life would be forfeit, and, yet, none desisted. 
Following these he would deploy his own chariots, hopefully at a time when Charmaca's men were at least somewhat in disarray. 
Quickly, the King advanced his army into the open field, and, without delay, gave the order to launch the assault. The battle had begun! Upon his word, Saul's men leapt bravely into motion. Led by the archers, they began to run the field, closing the gap between themselves and the enemy as quickly as possible. 
As soon as Charmaca perceived Saul's move, which he had not anticipated, he gave the counter order, and his own military leapt to action, erupting into a tremendous mass of destruction and onslaught, led by his first battery of chariots. The whole earth shook as the Philistine force, moving forward like a pulverizing avalanche, swept down toward the opposing Hebrew army. There upon the far reaching plains of Megiddo, they appeared as the sands of the seashore - horses, chariots and men, like an enormous ocean wave they spread out quickly over the vast terrain. Their battle cries rose up as a thick cloud swelling to fill the earth with its echoing and thunderous roar. With the shout of a multitude, with the cry of death upon their lips, Charmaca's army charged forward upon the field!
The scene was utterly dispiriting, and, had Saul's warriors not been men with hearts of iron, they would most certainly have turned and fled at the very appearance of so great a violent and crushing opponent! However, the warriors that comprised the Hebrew army were in no way men given to crumbling under fear or intimidation. They did not shrink back from that which lay before them. Their spirits, to the last man, were noble and unflinching. Indeed, men of valor stood upon the fields of Gilboa that day. With stout hearts they turned to face what must certainly be an onslaught of hellish proportions and, yet, with a strong arm and determined soul, each drew a ready sword from its sheath, their spirits of flint set to achieve a great victory or pour out their life's blood in the glorious attempt! 
No man characterized that sentiment more than Acharia of Asher. As ordered, the master bowman led his men forward until arriving at just the right distance. There they halted in a perfect line, set shoulder to shoulder, and with extreme rapidity, began to load one arrow after another against the twine of their bows, firing them with equal precision at the approaching threat. Hundreds of archers and drivers alike began to roll over the sides of their swiftly moving chariots, leaving them to veer off, causing their own havoc among the other rigs. Many crashed on into Saul's lines where they were immediately neutralized, and, yet, others circled with great haste to return to their lines. 
When Charmaca comprehended what was taking place, he knew that his foremost attack on Israel had been, at least to some significant degree, thwarted, and, as he spurred his horse on to carry him quickly to the front lines, his mind was engulfed in fury. His retaliation would be swift and terrible. Quickly he dismounted and took to the field where he now commenced to lead the assault himself. Still holding his second battery of chariots in reserve, he ordered his own archers to meet those of the opposing lines and overwhelm them as quickly as possible. Thousands upon thousands of bowmen marched to the fore, and, though many were being quickly struck down by Acharia's men before they could position themselves, their shear overwhelming numbers allowed them to advance. Soon their arrows were flying thick, and, in a few brief moments, Acharia and the larger part of his men fell, dead and dying, down into the dirt beneath their feet. 
Charmaca then cried out the order to deploy his second fleet of chariots. As his archers gave room, Charmaca waved his sword through the air in a forward motion and his chariots bounded to a charge, running beyond him to take the field. He quickly directed a full deployment of his entire army, right behind the chariots. 
Saul however had already dispatched his own fleet of chariots, and, in a brief time, the opposite sides found themselves confronting each other like two opposing waves of the ocean. The two forces merged with tremendous upheaval! Chariot crashed against chariot and splintered into wreckage, throwing men high into the air. Horses with chaises still attached, tumbled over, crushing men beneath them!
Archers from both sides were now blackening the skies, as they shot arrows at steep angles with the intention of dropping them down upon the enemy like rain. Shrieks from men pierced by these joining the unearthly shrills of mangled horses began to rise and fill the valley. The horns still blasted and mingled with the collected noise of battle, making sounds so great that it became ear piercing. This ocean of wretched noise was now joined by the clanging of thousands of swords, as blade met blade in a convulsive barrage of conflict! 
What was once a green valley of peaceful solitude was now transformed into a sea of misery, a blood bath of unspeakable anguish, a living death, nothing less than a heap of writhing agony, carnage and slaughter!
**********
High upon the craggy ridges of Mt. Gilboa, near a treeless outcrop located about midway, there now stood the figure of a man, dressed in a black cloak and holding a staff in his right hand, namely, the young Prophet of Bethel, Nathan of the House of Dirytica, here because his dream had directed him to this place. 
On the preceding day he had traveled the lower mountains from the southeastern side and spent the night in a cave in that area, as it grew too late for him to complete his journey. 
At first light he began working his way northwest, over the upper ridge and back down the western slope, until he stood overlooking the valley as well as the battle that was now well underway. 
Both sounds and visions of great upheaval and violence radiated from the valley below, like a deleterious vapor. The Prophet watched the conflict with a sickening awareness of its outcome gnawing away at his heart and soul. Under his prolonged gaze, he observed, as heaps of human carnage began to amass on the rock and grassy floor of the plain of Megiddo. The solitary figure watched helplessly as the Philistines gradually overran the Hebrews, and, though it took several hours of intense fighting, they had begun to slowly encroach upon the eastern part of the valley, pushing Saul and his men back into the lower hills of Mt. Gilboa. 
The King and his elite guard were now sorely pressed and were apparently breaking up into disarray.
Many on the fringes of the battle field were beginning to turn and take flight, perceiving that the battle was turning sorely against them. The tragedy literally unfolding before the young Prophet's eyes pressed down upon him until he sank to his knees in anguish. 
Whilst the Prophet watched this unveiling drama, the unspeakable horror unfolding in the valley below him, an affair which assaulted every fiber of his being, he was also well aware that there was yet another conflict of immeasurable and horrendous implication presently transpiring in the heavens above! 
Yet, even his vision in the cave the night before could never have prepared him, or, in any sense, have conveyed the true scope or magnitude of the horrifying hostilities which were presently erupting upon the fabric of a second dimension, the undefined expanse, of an unseen world! Nonetheless it was happening, and just as certain as the daunting and horrific scenes now taking place in the valley beneath his immediate gaze. Had those mysterious vapors that serve to separate the firmaments of the seen and unseen been lifted, the young prophet would have encountered a second, much greater unfolding of events. 
Upon the earth, at that very moment, there was an unimaginable number of black shadows, mingled among the Philistine ranks! Their smoke-like figures merged into a single, thick mass, forming an enormous dark, vaporous blanket that covered the entire valley of Jezreel and beyond. At the same time, its vastness funneled upward, high into the heavens, presenting a black, cloudy swarm so far-reaching that the ends were beyond perception, at least to those in that world!
That monstrous entity known as Tarkan, the loathsome demon of Dread Towers, stood at the fore among those evil spirits upon the plains of Megiddo. 
There, yes, though, in part, the wicked creature himself wished he was not! Tarkan despised open conflict in daylight, being so very much repulsed by seeing his own kind. And, moreover, knowing that he represented their detestable ugliness many times multiplied, he much preferred advancing his evil schemes at night, for, it was a fact, that the same sun that lights this world as man knows it, lights the world of demons as well. Still there were times when the great affairs of men forced him into the light. A battle on the scale of this one, which appeared so promising, was certainly one of them! On this occasion, so enthralled was his mind by the golden prospect of at last crushing King Saul into oblivion, and thus greatly minimizing, if not eradicating the threat of an advancing monarchy in Israel, he was prompted to an extreme degree! And, more than that, his activities were hastened by the threat given to him by His Greatness just as he departed the Towers.
Some short time before the conflict at Gilboa actually took place; there was, at the Towers of Dread, a meeting between His Greatness and Tarkan. What a loathsome affair that had been! With grinding anxiety in his voice, the master of blackness, Ha-Satan, had, once again, reiterated the old prophecies given by the One concerning a time to come when it was predicted that he. and all those that followed him, would suffer a great and irrevocable devastation!
As always, and, regardless of his resistance thereto, the frightful words had again seeped down to the very core of Tarkan's being, leaving him to shutter in misery and apprehension. As the contemptible underling stood there, truly not wanting to hear them repeated, he was, nevertheless, obliged to listen. 
"We must never forget the ancient writings." His Greatness gruelingly spewed with agonizing bursts, "the perilous threat they pose to the Dark Kingdom. I, for my part, must . . . yes I must, believe they can be averted or I should cast myself into the Chasm this instant and be through with it!" 
"With untiring vigilance we must rid ourselves of any appearance, of people and situations, which even slightly resemble a fulfillment to the words of the ancient prophecies! We must root it up and destroy it!" And then, as Tarkan watched, His Greatness clawed at his own face and body, trying to calm the infuriating suggestions spiking within the heart of his own being!
At this point, it was Tarkan's mistake to try and calm him by saying something to the effect that, "They could be, perhaps, misinterpretations, Your Greatness!"
The reaction of Ha-Satan was rampageous to say the very least! Chilling and ghastly sounds of a supernatural tone filled the Towers, as the master demon vented his tormenting rage! 
Seldom did the other Sabari observe him in this state! In fact they almost never witnessed his direct speaking at all, but at this time all of them could hear his hideous ventilation, and, consequently, fell down in masses upon the earth in abject fear!
When he replied to Tarkan, his words reverberated thunderously. "How does one misinterpret words so plainly spoken? Have you allowed it to slip, that baneful warning, the first Prophetical utterance ever to be given?

"The seed of a woman, the child of a woman, would bruise and dislodge me FOREVER!" 

"How? I cannot answer! In what way? It eludes me! The offspring of a woman? What is that to me? In themselves they would be less than a speck of dust! Yet, plainly the words foretell a man imbued with unimaginable power. Or, they may even embody in some form, the power of the One. I do not know!" 
Having spoken these words, he twisted his head and breathed out curses so deep and mysterious that even Tarkan was frightened at hearing them. Yet, he regained himself and continued. "From this we know, a child will come, a human child will arrive one day, who will be a threat to the very existence of our realm. He will shake the pillars of the Dark Kingdom until all falls down in RUIN! Do I misinterpret that as well, Tarkan?"
"Perhaps even your pathetic mind can grasp the second ancient prediction! It is just as disturbing! I refer to the one spoken to the first patriarch Abraham when the One told him:

'All peoples on earth will be blessed through you!' 

All the people of the earth shall be blessed through one man? Sounds like a Messiah to me! These things cannot be misinterpreted, they are crystal clear! There is no mistake about that!"
"So we KNOW Tarkan, without a shadow of doubt, that this child will come to the earth through the lineage of Abraham! In other words, a Messiah will come!"
"Yet, in some ways these words have been to my advantage, for in the days before the One uttered them by his Prophets, I use to wrack my mind trying to understand where he might appear, to what race or tribe of the earth. But, after these words came along, I knew. It was at that time I established the Towers here among the children of Jacob! I know now that this child, who will attempt to accomplish my undoing, will be born among his children! Or, am I somehow misinterpreting that as well? What a fool you are Tarkan, that I should even have to remind you of these disturbing lines!"
Again he growled and flung his arms about in deep and powerful agitation. "And if that is not enough, there is a third even more disturbing prophecy given by the patriarch Jacob!  

'The scepter will not depart from Judah, or a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh comes. Unto him will the gathering of the people be.’ 

A scepter? A lawgiver? What part of that might I be misinterpreting, Tarkan? It seems plain to me that it speaks of a government being in place when Shiloh comes! When Shiloh comes! WHEN SHILOH COMES!" 
These words should not have passed over his lips a second time! When they did, when the words parted his diabolical lips they sent him into a calamitous roaring fit, at which point he ceased conversing, and began to emit such utterly unspeakable curses, and with such violence, that Tarkan was forced to put distance between himself, and the Great One. Yet, not before being so utterly inflamed by the words himself, that he could not refrain from twisting his own body into the most grotesque and distorted posture, trying desperately to control the overwhelming urges surging the depth of his soul! Urges to tear and destroy, to crush and lay waste anything that stands in the way of his eliminating this perilous threat!
Once outside the Towers, he gave way and lifted up his voice, unleashing a summons with ineffable force and power, until his cry was heard at the four corners of the earth, and made the Sabari everywhere bow and cringe with fear! Yet, they heeded, and soon turned their faces toward the wastelands of Zin. 
Sabari was the name given to those black spirits that haunt the earth, doing evil and plotting the utter downfall of man. By issuing this summons, Tarkan would assemble one of his greatest forces against Israel to date! He now turned his attention to the hills of northern Israel, more specifically the valley of Gilboa!

What a loathsome and despicable creature was Tarkan. The body he now manifested had gradually become permanent, as the devolution of his being continued. 
The shape of his form was not unlike a man's yet his size was many times greater. However, a massive head was upon his shoulders, and its repulsive ugliness was profound! Upon his bone-like structure was stretched an earthen colored, and dirty looking hide of a scaly appearance. He had no heart or entrails like a man, nor did he require sleep or food. Tarkan, like all Sabari, bore the form of a shade, yet with the passage of time, it had increased in substance and as the devolvement continued, became more and more capable of suffering. 
Nevertheless, while the fingers of his hands had long since transformed into claws, his palms had become the source of his power in that, located there, a stinger-like extrusion could be extended at will, which had great power to inflict injury upon his opponent. Its shape and appearance, when fully distended, was like that of molten light, and it was barbed so that its ability to tear and mangle and, thus, inflict suffering was enormous. All Sabari possessed these stingers as well.
Moreover, Tarkan was, in no wise, stupid. Unlike many of the Sabari, whose minds had long since began to show signs of irreparable corruption, his was yet extremely keen! The words that His Greatness had pressed upon him were not lost on a feeble capacity to understand. As he continued to consider them, his conviction only deepened that they embodied an enigma of profound proportions! 
All Sabari knew of the nature of the One. They vaguely understood that he manifested in three separate beings. In their simple and unadorned language, there was the One. There was the Second One, and there was the Spirit of the One! These were the titles given to them by Ha-Satan eons ago, for he, and they alike, hated to make reference to the "Lord God" or anything similar. The words were repulsive to them and they refused to ever utter them! Also, his Greatness often tried to mimic this tri-unity in every way he could. That is why he had appointed Tarkan as a second, and one known as Raiba, as a third. 
As the great creature contemplated these matters, the questions only grew larger, for he knew that even the highest ranking Cherubim could not possibly uproot the throne and power of His Greatness, Ha-Satan! He concluded that the sacred child foretold must surely somehow be connected with the manifestation of the One, as His Greatness had surmised. At any rate, he feared it greatly, and gave himself unreservedly to the task of utterly crushing and destroying anything that reflected the least similitude to a fulfillment of the hated predictions! For that reason, Tarkan's mind was now filled with a fierce and vehement fury boiling forth like spewing lava in the deepest chambers of his soul and being! It was with such a mind that he had appeared upon the fields of Megiddo this day.
Upon the earth he stood, waving his arms almost in a frenzied manner, attempting to fan the flames of an already powerful predilection within the Sabari mind for dispersing havoc, destruction, ruin, utter devastation and death! 
In turn these indescribably wicked spirits were, with all diligence, working to cast into the soul of Philistia an abhorrent influence that, in itself, was the very sum of evil!
Encompassing and altogether enveloping the massive Philistine force, two and three spirits per man, they did their abominable work. Whispering and screaming into each man's spirit suggestions of such heinous inference, and inflaming desires of a wholly unnatural form of the bloodthirsty cravings to greedily inflict unreserved suffering and death! 
While the battle raged around them, Tarkan was stunned to witness the unyielding resistance of Israel. A great length of time passed, and, yet, the Philistines struggled to dislodge the hold that Israel had on the field. Still, eventually, being so outnumbered, the Hebrew forces began to suffer degradation. Tarkan watched carefully as the Philistines encroached more upon the eastern end of the valley and began to overwhelm the Hebrews. When he saw this finally taking place he turned his attention to the King who was now fighting along beside his men on the foremost slopes of Gilboa. The enemy was closing in and even Saul's three thousand elite guards, were beginning to be overwhelmed. 
Tarkan flayed the air with insane gestures and cried out to those Sabari in that area. "Concentrate on the King! He must die today! Help them find the King!" Thousands upon thousands of black shadows began to converge upon the Philistine warriors surrounding the King's elite, wildly spurring them on. 

Upon the earth, Charmaca was roaring out orders and leading massive assaults in the midst of the field; Israelites were dying in great numbers. Even now as the men were becoming exhausted, his voice still had a powerful effect upon them. His own sword was red with Hebrew blood, and he seemed to go on slaying one after another without fading strength. Yet, Tarkan knew that Charmaca was unaware of the King's precise whereabouts, the elite guard being spread wide on the first slopes of Gilboa. 
Saul, for his part was fighting as bravely as ever he had. With all the downfalls and propensities for wrong within the scope of his life, he, yet, could never be accused of being cowardly. When he stood upon the battlefield with unsheathed sword in hand, Saul was his most noble self. For nearly fifty five years he had wielded the blade against the Lord's enemies, and today he would die in that honorable struggle. As he looked around he was now fully aware of that fact. Yet, he fought on, his sword swiftly delivering one fatal blow after another to the legions that were gathering up around him. 
Rehabiah, his general who was nearby, also knew that their fate was sealed. As he watched the increasing number of Saul's elite crumbling down to the earth, he knew the last shreds of hope had completely vanished. Swinging around quickly, he appraised the welfare of the King and when comprehending his immediate danger he called out to his men. "The King! Guard the King!” At his summons a number of men gathered up around Saul, pushing him backward to safety. His armor bearer, Jakin, was with him as well. Yet, Saul resisted, crying out with a loud voice, "if we must die today, we will die together! In these many years I have never deserted the field and far be it from me to begin today!” Saul seemed astonished that Rehabiah would attempt to pull him from the line. 
"You are the King, Sire. Israel cannot be without a King. Go, and so preserve your life and come back another day and avenge our death!"
"I would rather die a thousand times than take the coward's way. I will not leave this field today!" Just as the king was speaking, his eyes fell upon Jonathan far down the hill side, plainly in grave danger. Three swordsmen were upon him at once and more were close at hand. He was fighting valiantly, but it was clear that he would soon be overwhelmed. His armor bearer lay slain at his side and he fought alone. There was no man beside him!
Fear gripped the King's heart and, knowing it was impossible to ever reach his son in time, he froze where he stood. In only a moment he watched them begin to surround Jonathan like hungry, wild jackals, waiting to sink their sharp teeth into the prey. Saul witnessed the first iron blade falling downward and slicing into Jonathan's left shoulder; he watched, too, as his wounded son threw his body around in that direction, grabbing at the painful tear in his flesh, with his right hand. Upon his doing so, a second Philistine soldier ran at him and drove the blade of his sword into the valiant man's bowels, clear up to the hilt, not withdrawing it but rather leaving the blade in place! Jonathan dropped his sword and staggered forward, his own bloody hands taking hold of the handle of the sword, and futilely struggling to withdrawn it! 
It was as if the blade had cut through Saul's own soul. "Noooooooooo!" He screamed out as if in agony himself! Yet transfixed, he continued to watch. For that moment, within the King's mind, time stood still! Nothing else around him seemed to be happening. His eyes observed, but his soul repulsed, as he watched his own son, Jonathan sink to his knees, head thrown back, his eyes wild with agony, the tunic of royal blue now stained red with his own gushing blood. Yet in that very instant a third Philistine rushed forward and, with an expression upon his face as if he gloated with malicious satisfaction, he thrust his own sword forward piercing the very heart of the struggling warrior already fallen to his knees upon the earth! 
Seeing Jonathan's mouth and lips form the words of inexpressible pain, Saul could not tear his eyes away as his gallant son slumped forward, collapsed and rolled over, his open eyes fixed on the heavens above! He was dead! 
All the earth was silent and still about the King, as he stood there, trying to comprehend all that his eyes were seeing. 
A great hawk in the skies above circled around the Prince, as if to pay respect to the passing of a truly noble and unblemished soul! 
In that disjunctive moment, however, an arrow pierced the right side of Saul's own chest just above his stomach. He was instantly blinded with pain and fell down to the earth. It was Jakin, his armor bearer, who took hold of Saul and quickly pulled him up to his feet and began to almost drag him into the deep brush and trees back along the hillside of Gilboa. As quickly as possible, he pulled the King out of the heat of the battle and into the safety of the thick woods. Seeing that the King could not go further, as each step was inflicting enormous pain, he placed him upon a small crest of earth overlooking the battle. There he leaned the King against a small outcrop of limestone rock. 
After a brief rest, Saul took the end of the arrow in his large hands and drove it deeper into his flesh so that the arrow's head would exit out his back. He groaned as deep spasms of pain wracked his chest and body. As the pain began to subside, he instructed Jakin to break off the arrow’s point and then pull the remaining end of the arrow free of his body. This done, Saul was relieved to some small degree, but they were both aware that the wound was almost certainly fatal. 
Looking down upon the battle, Saul watched as his men were being completely and swiftly overcome. The battle had now pressed them up against the steeper part of the hill. There was no fleeing and no escape. The men that were still fighting were doing so with the certain knowledge that the battle was lost, and that death awaited them.
Knowing his time was short, Saul looked at Jakin and made one last request of his faithful armor bearer. "Draw your sword and drive it deep within me or these uncircumcised villains will surely come and run me through, but not before abusing me." 
But Jakin answered him with a pained expression upon his face. "I cannot Sire! You are the anointed of the Lord and I fear to lay a hand against the Lord's anointed even under these circumstances for fear that He will require it of me!"
"Place my sword in my hands then, for the enemy is upon us!" Saul pleaded. 
Jakin quickly withdrew the King's sword from its sheath and placed the hilt in his hand. Slowly, Saul raised his body upward to a kneeling position and placed the tip of the blade against his own stomach so that it would pierce him fatally, the handle he had lodged firmly against a jutted rock.
"You have been a brave companion, Jakin. You deserved better than this!" Saul uttered softly and then turned away. With nothing more, he thrust his entire weight down upon the upturned blade and it penetrated deeply into his bowels, exiting out his back. It was driven clear through.
With a distressful gasp he rolled slightly to his left and sank on down to the ground, his head coming to rest upon the earth, and the golden crown falling to tumble just beyond him.
When Jakin saw the act the King had committed, he took his own sword and did the same. His body slumped to the ground beside the King. There he died.
But Saul's spirit remained within him and, while lying there, face against the cool earth, his eyes fell upon the glittering gold of his displaced crown. He did not see beyond the brilliance and sparkle, between the gaps of her twelve lustrous crowning bands to the tragic backdrop beyond, the sprawling, heaving assemblage of death! Rather, his eyes were fixed upon its polished gold, the rubies and other precious stones with the brilliant sparkling beauty the crown presented, and all that it meant to him! 
Even in the last throes of death, as the final vapors of life were slowly ebbing away, he forced his arm forward, his great hand struggled to extend the very tips of his fingers that he might, one more time, grasp and hold the glorious symbol. Yet, it was not meant to be. For just as it came within reach, only a hairbreadth away, the last fibers of strength melted away, and as he sighed a great sigh, the spirit departed his body, leaving his outstretched arm and fingertips just short of the desired prize. 
There, upon the gentle hills of Gilboa, Saul, son of Kish, of the house of Benjamin. . . died! 
**********
The heavens were now a great dark mass of black shadows. When Tarkan realized that Saul was dead he turned and screeched out a loud victorious scream, which the Sabari instantly answered in kind. But as quickly as he had given vent to this short-lived moment of satisfaction, he turned, and allowed himself to look across the heavens far to the north. There, his eyes fell upon a company of Cherubim, a multitude of such extraordinary size that it defied imagination. Tarkan had known they were there the whole time but refused to look upon them. Yet, now he was sure that the Sabari would meet with their resistance. 
Days earlier the suggestion had been made to Tarkan by one of the flying Sabari, a servant of Raiba, that the One may have given Saul over to destruction. He worked under that confidence in executing his early designs on this day. However, he had no intentions of stopping now. In order to prevent Israel from rising again, it was necessary to crush her down to the finest of dust. Leave no traces of opportunity for resurgence! Burn and crush the palaces of Gibeah! Decimate the lands and give the cities over to be populated by Philistines. Lead the Hebrew people away in chains! Bestow upon those remaining such a spirit of fear that they will never . . . never try to rise again so far as to attempt nationhood. 
At this golden moment, with Charmaca still in control of a sizable military, Tarkan would never pass up so auspicious an opportunity. 
Tarkan was contemplating these very matters when the great cloud of Cherubim suddenly appeared in proximity right before him, led by the Arch-Cherubim Zenmarria. Behind the vast spread of his celestial wings was an innumerable count of white shadows, all holding Lanten-Spears gripped firmly in their right hands. 
The Lanten-Spear, which means the spear of burning agony, is the weapon of the Cherubim. From its blazing, white flamed tips could be released, an enormous spike of bluish-white energy, capable of inflicting untold damage on the body of a Sabari. 
Tarkan drew near the place where Zenmarria stood. His enormous, repulsive head shook and bolted one way and then another as he prepared to address the great Cherubim. He lifted his head high and directed his words to his leading foe. 
If a human could possibly have been an observer of this scene, how staggering it would have been. Here, upon the open plains of Megiddo, stood two very opposite creatures! Both were enormous in size compared to the struggling men engaged in battle on the earth below them. The one, Tarkan, was a creature of unsightly appearance, his large, bony head swaying from one side to the other, supported by his scaly, greenish brown, repulsive body. Then there was Zenmarria, a being of such glorious beauty and comportment as to defy description. Here, now, stood both, facing each other, as Tarkan bellowed out his threats! "We will ravage the land!” He screamed out. 
At his words the great body of Cherubim behind Zenmarria lurched forth as if they were almost incapable of restraining themselves. Zenmarria lifted up his left hand and calmed them. "You will not ravage the land!" He asserted calmly, yet with great authority. 
"WE WILL RAVAGE THE LAND!" Tarkan screamed out in unspeakable rage. 
"We are here to prevent that!" But the words of Zenmarria were not even completely out of his mouth before Tarkan slipped into an insane delirium and began to screech and roar. 
"We will lay waste the land of Israel! We will decimate it and crush it this very day! WE WILL RAVAGE THE LAND!" In his madness he turned and bellowed out a vehement and fierce cry of attack at which the Sabari bounded forward and leapt upon the Cherubim race, instigating a conflict of unearthly dimensions! 
The struggle became intense and filled the heavens so far as the eyes could possibly see. The crashing violence, the blasting, thunderous noise of Lanten-Spear coupled with shrieks of inconceivable torment and pain reached epic proportions.
The Sabari were driving the barbed lance-like weapons of their palms into the bodies of the Cherubim with delirious rage, twisting and tearing their celestial flesh, attempting to render them ineffectual. 
Though it was true that there were cries arising from the white spirits, they could not compare to the unspeakable squalls and wailings issuing out from the fallen Sabari. The heavens were ablaze with the white flames of the Lanten-Spear. Yet, the barbs of the black shadows did tear and incapacitate many of the Cherubim. 
The Lanten-Spear was a weapon capable of inflicting such unspeakable agony, that the black shadow that might become subject to its mighty discharge was rendered an utterly useless heap of twisting agony, stricken with near madness! Both Sabari and Cherubim are immortal, yet both can suffer pain. The Cherubim, however, cannot begin to experience the intense agony that a Sabari is capable of knowing. Nonetheless, Zenmarria was keenly aware that the black spirits were inflicting great injury upon his forces. Still, there was no question in his mind concerning the outcome. Not even for the briefest moment did he falter or waver at this consideration in the least. He knew that the Lord God ordained all that is and that He would dispense help at the most needed moment. 
On and on the conflict raged. The number of disposed Cherubim was staggering, yet the Sabari suffered much more. However, at present it seemed as if the black spirits number was not diminishing. No matter how many were incapacitated, more were there to immediately replace the fallen. The conflict raged on at great length, neither side seeming to gain the advantage. 
Tarkan himself, the mightiest of all Sabari, with the exception of Ha-Satan, was raining down a harrowing deluge of destruction upon the Cherubim. Zenmarria wondered how long they could withstand this relentless onslaught of the Sabari. Indeed, the struggle waxed intense and grievous beyond words. There remained no question in his mind that they were quickly approaching a crucial moment. 
At the point at which it seemed the Cherubim might suffer defeat and Zenmarria was ready to lift his voice and cry out for help from almighty God, a brilliant arc of light manifested and filled the heavens above them. In one instant after a company of radiant Cherubim, of such a number as to be incomprehensible, appeared, filling the heavens above them like a canopy of startling white! Standing before them, and with a wing span which seemed to fill the heavens themselves, was Michael, the Arch-Cherubim. His voice roared with such power and force that even the earth shook greatly. So far away as the Towers of Dread, earth and rock were shaken loose from their ancient perches. 
"TORMENT AND RUIN UPON THE BLACK SPIRITS OF ZIN. IN THE NAME OF THE LORD GOD OF HEAVEN AND EARTH AND BY HIS AUTHORITY I PRONOUNCE THIS CURSE UPON YOU. FROM MEGIDDO TO GILBOA BE YOU VANQUISHED AND DISPELLED!” 
The breath and words of his mouth were like a vast avalanche of liquid sound rippling out in great waves. It bolted against Tarkan like a mighty wave and blew him backward into the vast cloud of Sabari, crushing and mangling them together.
With Lanten-Spear in hand, a myriad of Cherubim fell upon the multitude of black spirits, crushing and mauling them without delay, quickly leaving vast hordes of their twisting forms lying in heaps upon the earth! 
When Tarkan was able to lift himself up, he began to wave his great black arm and the hordes of Sabari hastened to withdraw. The battle in both heaven and earth was now over!
**********
Unexpectedly high numbers of the Philistine ranks had died on the field, reducing their force too less than forty thousand. The larger part of their chariots could not be salvaged and the men, though very conscious of having gained a tremendous victory, were, nonetheless, at the same time, greatly demoralized by the enormous losses they experienced. 
Charmaca himself had been sorely wounded near the end of the battle and was forced to retreat, though he did give orders to invade several small villages in the nearby Jordan valley. These would be the meager recompense that they would receive against the great cost which they paid. There would be no continuing on to conquer Israel! With knowledge that Abner was even now gathering a military force, Charmaca's generals quickly advised him to return to Philistia, which he did!
In the early light of the next morning Charmaca's men would diligently scour the hills of Gilboa until they found the bodies of not only the King, but also his three valiant sons, including Jonathan. Also, lying nearby, were those several Philistine soldiers that had killed the King's sons, as they had also been struck down, and their bodies lay upon the cold earth only a few steps away. The body of King Saul, as well as those of his sons, would hang upon the walls of their temple located in an old, mostly abandoned Philistine garrison on the south side of the valley of Jezreel, very near the battlefield itself. They would place them there as trophies of war. But. certainly, by and large, the men that comprised the Philistine military were very much ready to turn their weary steps toward home. 
Evening fell, and the valley returned to its original and peaceful state of existence. There were no more blasting horns, no crashing swords or shrieking cries of agony. All was now deathly still. 
As the last rays of sun descended below the horizon, the quiet rain began to softly fall. Across the distant reaches of Jezreel and Gilboa there was nothing left except silence. 



Chapter Nine
With Sword and Staff

No longer will you be called Abram; your name will be Abraham, for I have made you a father of many nations. . . . The whole land of Canaan, where you now reside as a foreigner, I will give as an everlasting possession to you and your descendants after you; and I will be their God."  Genesis 17:5


The young Amalekite, Hattush, gazed with deep fascination at the object laying only a few steps away. Almost like a child, he stood awestruck by the glimmering carmine flicker of the diamond mounted at the tip of the lustrous crown. 
The earth was damp, the rain had ceased, and the vast canopy of black clouds were now breaking up, allowing the last rays of sun to dance playfully upon the snowflake shaped crystals, within the radiant stone. 
To Hattush, it was as if one of Orion's glittering stars had fallen to the earth! Its brilliant reflection lured him to take up the crown and hold it in his hands, entranced.
For a long while he stood over the dead King's body and held the treasure, gazing at it with great wonder! "What a glorious find," he thought to himself, as he carefully examined the golden rim arrayed with a complete circle of costly gems. He felt nearly weak in his knees as he grasped the crown tightly in his hands, thinking of what this wonderful discovery meant. 
The mind of the young, bearded Amalekite was racing with proposals and schemes that would bring him power and wealth beyond his wildest dreams. This . . . this bountiful find, in his mind, was spoil of his occupation, for the young man holding the crown was nothing more than a looter, a plunderer and a thief.
Hattush carefully wrapped the crown along with a golden arm band, which he had also removed from Saul's body, in a linen cloth, and then quickly mounted his horse to ride up the side of the mountain headed west until he was sure his position was safe. Upon finding a secluded spot, the youth dismounted and sat down in a grove of coniferous trees, studying his next move. Considering his options, he realized that the crown, as it was, could do him little good because of the implications that it would carry with it. After all, who would buy a stolen crown? 
Then, his mind fell upon a scheme. He was well aware that the man, David of Bethlehem, had long been pursued by Saul and it was said that he, himself, would become King one day if Saul were somehow dethroned. Word of the long and bitter hunt was widespread and it seemed a logical conclusion to Hattush that David would rejoice in learning that the King was, indeed, dead! In fact, as the young Amalekite's mind whirled in anticipation, a plan began to take shape that would very possibly mean great advantages soon coming his way. "How marvelous!" he uttered to himself, as a plan began to unfold in his own mind. "I can take credit for killing King Saul myself.” It was plain to the Amalekite that Saul had actually taken his own life, which made his plan all the better, for there would be no one else to claim the deed. As he considered it, however, he realized that Saul, as a warrior, was renowned, and he, himself, was but a frail and untrained person. His listeners would, no doubt, quickly comprehend that he could never have taken down Saul in a conflict. He must think of something else. Then it became obvious to him. "I will say he was wounded and that the King implored my help in ending his life! In that way there will be no questions asked and I will still become famous as the man that ended the life of the great King Saul!"
"David's gratitude should be overwhelming. I'm sure his rewards will be handsome, indeed, especially after he comes to his throne!" The young man was nearly ecstatic. The last report he had heard of David was that he was living in Ziglag on the Philistine border, which was very near his own country. He knew of it well. On horseback he could be there in less than two days.
There was not to be a moment's delay and Hattush quickly remounted his horse and directed him toward the southern lands of Judah. He was to be rich! 

It was late in the afternoon of the second day when Hattush finally made it to David's camp, which was located at the gates of Ziglag. As he neared the tents of the small settlement, two of David's men stopped him to question his intent. After he had convinced them that he had truly urgent news concerning the whole nation of Israel, they escorted him to the commander. David met the young Amalekite at the door of his tent. 
"My men tell me you have urgent news from Saul's camp. Tell me what you know! Does the King prosper in war?” There was a very distinctive air of concern in David's words, but the young man appeared to be oblivious to the fact. 
Instead, the messenger, with great bluster and motions that were rather ostentatious, bowed and waved his hand as if addressing a great crowd of spectators or a royal Potentate. "My Lord! I am Hattush of Amalek, and I have fair tidings for you. I am, yes, I am very . . . very pleased to inform you. Sire, that the King, that is. King Saul, your nemesis. I believe. . . . is . . . yes he is dead!"
As the young foreigner looked on David's face, he was met with a look of near astonishment. Indeed, the words stirred the deepest of emotions within David's heart. His knees felt weak, and his stomach sick, as he struggled to formulate his next inquiry. "And what about the King's three sons? Are they dead as well? Jonathan, son of King Saul; is he too among the dead?" 
The young man to whom he addressed the words was still so very preoccupied with his hopes of fortune that he was yet wholly uncomprehending of the anxiety present in David's question. Many of David's men were now gathering around to hear news of the battle, and all were listening intently to the words of the young man standing before them. 
"Ah yes . . . the King's son . . . he is dead as well my Lord! Indeed, all three sons of the King are now dead!" 
The words were like a sword driven into the very bowels of the young commander, and he groaned as the man spoke. David, upon hearing that Jonathan, his friend, was dead, was forced to lean against the post of his tent door as he struggled with an overwhelming sense of grief. He lifted his face again and asked. "And the Lord's army, tell me, what is their fate?"
"It seems my Lord . . . yes it seems that, it was a great . . . a great . . . ah . . . massacre, my Lord. Very few escaped, my Lord . . . and thousands upon thousands lie dead upon the, ah . . . yes upon the earth . . . if it pleases my Lord! And yes . . . it seems that I arrived just as the day was closing . . . and ah . . . and the battle was at an end. I can tell you . . . yes I must say . . . that I have never witnessed anything like it. And yes . . . My Lord . . . It was a great slaughter, and Saul's men . . . all of Saul's men . . . lay dead in great heaps all about me!" As the words fell from the man's lips, they were concluded with the slightest twitch of laughter and, for a moment, the beginning of a smile almost crept across his face. Yet, as his eyes slowly gazed upon the serious faces of the men surrounding him, his own expression turned abruptly somber once again.
There were men standing by who were now growing steadily more amazed by the fact that this young man was blundering on, without, in the least, perceiving the effect his words were having on David. Abishai was one of them, and his heart was sick that such a message had to be borne by someone so utterly inept. 
"And do you know for certain that the King is dead? Did you see him for yourself?" David pressed. 
The question seemed to at last have a sobering effect on the man, and he quickly straightened up and replied forthrightly. "My Lord, your servant Hattush, of the house of Cabaca, the Amalekite, not only saw him . . . that is the King . . . but as sure as the Lord your God lives, it was by my hand and my hand alone, that the King suffered his fate. You see, it seems that . . . yes that the archers had very sorely wounded the King . . . your enemy and mine . . . that is King Saul, with an arrow very near his heart . . . and he supplicated . . . yes, he . . . he . . . diligently implored, your servant Hattush, to help him end his suffering. I saw at once, that there was already a great loss of blood, truly it was pooled upon the earth near him, so I agreed . . . yes . . . I agreed . . . and took his sword myself, in my hand and ah . . . I . . . ended the life of your enemy, my Lord. Your enemy and, indeed the enemy of Hattush, your servant ,. . . if it pleases my Lord. And ah . . . yes I can, I can prove my claim, your most honorable Lord, for I also took from him his crown and the gold band that was upon his right arm. You can see that they are his . . . yes ah . . . my Lord . . . after all no one else wears a crown!" 
After this statement the rather incompetent man quickly unfolded the linen cloth that he had been holding in his hands and so presented the golden crown and arm band. Truly it was a magnificent object to look upon and, as Hattush held it up and circled around so that all could see, he could not, seemingly, prevent the wry smile from momentarily stealing across his countenance. 
Then he looked back into the face of David, to speak, yet again. "Hattush would be most grateful . . . if it pleases my Lord, who is sublime in every regard, for what small token of well . . . your . . . yes . . . your servant did risk his life. Indeed, my life, for some long moments, was very much entangled in the snare of uncertainty . . . if it pleases my Lord . . . yes, indeed, I willingly placed my life in jeopardy, for the sake . . . well for your sake, I am sure my Lord . . . if it pleases my most venerated master, . . . and perhaps a very small reward might ah, . . . if it seems right in the eyes of my reverenced and lofty Lord, to perhaps compensate your ah. . . . yes, your lowly servant Hattush, my Lord!"
David's heart was utterly stricken! So much so that, as he considered the death of the great King, and especially of his beloved friend Jonathan, a wave of nausea washed over him and he wanted to fall upon the earth. Instead, he took hold of the tunic he wore, with both hands near his neck, and ripped it forcefully until great lengths of it were torn apart! He fell to his knees, and lifted handfuls of dirt from the earth, letting them fall freely upon his own head. An insuppressible cry of grief, which began in the depth of his chest, rushed upward to burst from his lips, filling the entire camp with a piercing wail of agony. Hot tears filled his eyes and ran down over his face as he began to weep from the crushing force of this unfathomable sorrow. "Jonathan, you are gone forever! How can it be?" he lamented. In his grief he repeated the words as if his mind was unable to accept the truth of it! 
Nor would the men surrounding him refrain from expressing the grief they felt at the news which had come to them. They, too, tore their clothes and mourned. 
Yes, it was true that for years they had been pursued by Saul as fugitives and renegades, but there was not one man among them that wanted it all to end in this manner. The army of the Lord all dead by the sword, a slaughter in the Valley of Gilboa, the King and his sons defiled at the hands of their most hated enemy, and their beloved nation left shattered and reeling in distress and peril. The entire camp was filled, from one end to the other, with the lamenting cries of grief, for their nation and for their King!
It was a long while before David, who could only partly compose himself, took hold of the post of his tent and pulled upward, to stand again. Yet, the tears ran down his face and he could not prevent the broken groans which continued to escape his lips. 
The Amalekite had been standing aside for a long while, wondering at all that he was seeing. He was truly dumbfounded and, as he looked around at the contrition and sorrow, his face twisted with the marks of deep confusion! These were the sworn enemies of King Saul. What was this that he was seeing today? Why were they grieving as if they had all suffered great loses themselves?
At last, David looked at him and spoke, "Why weren't you afraid to lift your hand to destroy the Lord's anointed?"
The man did not answer, but, rather, began to look about himself with increasing fear. 
"Your blood is upon your own head. Your own mouth testified against you when you said, 'I killed the Lord's anointed." David turned his face around, looked at Abishai and motioned for him to unsheathe his sword. 
As the young warrior withdrew his blade, and with quick steps began to approach the Amalekite youth, horror of his situation stuck the messenger. A look of profound terror filled his face. "No! No, my Lord. Surely you misunderstand your servant . . . I only aided the King . . . He would surely have died! Please my . . .” Those were to be his final words! His face contorted with agony and, as the sword of Abishai found its mark deep within his bowels, he slumped down to the ground, dead. 

For David and his men it was the end of an era. They were free to go home. But the tragedy of Gilboa and the King's death would forever bear upon the mind of the young Prince. David's grief for Jonathan was unspeakable, and it left an indelible scar, that would never completely heal. 
**********
The dismal sense of disconsolation felt like an enormous stone crushing down on the rider who directed his horse through the gloomy Valley of Jezreel. The slaughter and bloodshed was immeasurable, the carnage, indescribable! An aging commander pulled back on the reins of his horse, and halted somewhere near the middle of the field where he slowly surveyed the staggering scene of mangled and twisted bodies as far as the eye could see.
The man was Abner, son of Ner, commander of forces to the slain King of Israel. 
An imposing figure, he stood well over six feet tall with graying black hair and a short beard. Presently, he was dressed in a simple, dark blue vest and tunic, breastplate of mail with shoulder pads dyed black, and a great sword strapped to his side. His face reflected a deep anguish, and his mind reeled with an intense concern for the Hebrew nation and its future. Moreover, word had just come to him, that Saul was dead and that his body, along with the bodies of his three sons, had apparently been removed from the field earlier this very morning. 
It would have been difficult for Abner to express all that he was feeling at this moment. He was first cousin to the King, and the two of them had spent their lives together. The currents of their friendship had run deep, and Abner grieved enormously for that loss. His place in the service of his friend and King was the only life Abner had ever known.
But, this was not all that he was feeling. Suddenly his world had been turned upside down like a cup and emptied of all that had been familiar and meaningful. His associations at the King's court and the entire life that Abner had been part of were now lying in ruins upon the earth before him. What was more, the sheer grief alone for those now gone forever seemed unbearable!
Lying upon the cold earth before him, he recognized the faces of warriors that had been his own friends for so many years, men of valor and bravery. A keen sense of loss and emptiness, replaced all those sentiments and emotions, which had filled the commander's heart for so many long years! 
And all of this was to say nothing of the feelings that presently seemed to literally hammer away at the core of his being concerning the nation itself! What fear! What uncertainty! What enormous and inexpressible loss! How well did Abner comprehend that this was only a young and fledgling monarchy. Thirty years, yes, but how quickly these had swept by, and, on one hand, while so much had been accomplished, yet on another, so much left undone! How perilous now were the days of her future! All of these matters weighted upon him with a crushing force!
Abner turned his horse about and headed back to the east side of the valley. 
A sufficient military body of more than forty thousand soldiers awaited him there, on the outer rim. The larger number of these men were from Judah, but eight to ten thousand were from Israel. They, too, looked across the vast field of death with feelings of sadness and regret. In the hearts of these warriors there was a distinctive splitting of emotions. First was the great sense of sorrow spawned by that which lay spread out before their eyes, so many brothers dead and the death of the King himself. At the same time, even while they had not been in great sympathy with Saul or Israel of late, yet, they were now greatly inflamed with a fury to exact a revenge upon Charmaca and the Philistines, for the crushing blow that had been delivered to Israel! 
For reasons of this nature they were more than ready to receive orders from Abner even if it called for engaging a second battle, yes, if it could mean ridding the nation of this perilous enemy. 
By all accounts, Charmaca's ranks were now greatly reduced, and, at least, the battle would be on a more equal footing.
The mood was heavy, and the valley silent, with only the occasional neighing of a horse to interrupt the quiet. Abner slowly rode back to his men, took a position before them, and prepared to speak. For a long while, however, he sat silent, his face reflecting the great sorrow pressing upon his heart, but, at last, he lifted his voice, and began to address those before him.
"All you men of Israel and Judah, hear what I have to say. Upon the pages of the history of our people will this day forever be remembered and hallowed as a day of unspeakable tragedy and sadness! Never has there been so much blood shed, or so many lives forfeited to simply quench the insatiable thirst of our enemies for power and possession and to satisfy their greed for spoil!" 
Abner paused and looked, for a moment, into the faces of the men before him, and then continued. "Rising up from within my soul, there is the sound of two voices! One demands reprisal, to this that our eyes are looking upon today! It cries out that the lifted sword might deliver the punishing blows of retribution until the blood of revenge runs like rivers and the voices of our dead brothers, now crying aloud from this hallowed ground, might be hushed in peace! Believe me when I tell you that I desire that we could raise such a blazoned call that every mountain would tremble and every valley shake with the echo of our battle cry! EVERY FIBER OF MY BEING CRIES OUT FOR THAT AND NOTHING LESS!"
After passionately expressing these last words with voice lifted high, the commander seemed unable to compose himself and thus was silent for a moment. It took him some time, but, after a while, he was able to continue. "But there is another voice which strives within my heart as well. It tells me that our nation stands upon the brink of great peril. The earth beneath our feet, even now it rattles with the tremors of calamity and woe. Our King is dead! And our military stands in shambles, having suffered incalculable losses. The land of Israel struggles with these wounds, which our enemy has inflicted upon us. And while everything within me cries to pursue them, even to the very gates of Hell, I know that better judgment dictates that we tend to those wounds and leave revenge for another day. But, rest assured, the end of this story is not yet written!"
"It is true, our enemies have most certainly dealt us a desperate blow. But, I for one, refuse to wear the chains of fear! No! I will not lie down and languish in hopelessness! Why should I join the dead? No, I will not! Even now, my sword is unsheathed! My heart is determined! We will fight until our enemies are vanquished and until our nation is free and utterly safe! Until all of our foes are subdued and our children and their children abide here in peace!"
"Even now, as I look upon these dead, my heart beats with a great resolve. By all the strength which the Lord God gives, if need be, I will pour out my last drops of blood in the effort to proclaim to all the enemies of the Hebrew people this one thing! As the Lord God lives . . . SO SHALL ISRAEL RISE AGAIN!"
The great commander's words had nothing short of an exhilarating effect upon his men. As one man in heart they rode from the Valley of Jezreel with the iron resolve that, whatever the cost, the nation must be secured.
Abner knew that Charmaca, who had been here earlier this very day, was now retreating southward. He was very much tempted to pursue him, but, knowing his own forces still might be outnumbered, he had already dismissed the idea. Instead, he divided his men evenly and took about twenty thousand to help him secure the throne at Gibeah. The rest he sent away. 
The remaining men of Judah turned their horses back toward home and, once there, sent word to every corner of their territories for any man that could wield a sword to join Abner, and the ranks of fighting men swelled to more than one hundred thousand in a very short while. These were stationed near the borders of Philistia, and the men kept a constant vigilance, being ready to engage invading forces at a moment’s notice. All the tribes of Israel followed suit until, as the days and weeks passed by, the land was made secure once again. 
At this time, Abner took Ish-Bosheth, son of Saul, and set him upon his father's throne in Gibeah, and declared him King. In the weeks and months that followed, a relative sense of peace and security would begin to be restored, but, with a watchful eye turned toward their greatest enemy, Philistia! 
Yet in coming days, Abner would begin to feel a sense of uneasiness concerning the faithfulness of the people of Judah, to the House of Saul. As it turned out, this suspicion would prove to be warranted! 
**********
One might have thought that, having to partially drag his right leg, as he moved about, would have at least tempered the arrogance of the Philistine general Charmaca, but, so far, that was not the case. As he entered the great council hall at Exron of the Philistines, it was not without his usual pompousness, regardless of the fact that he moved a great deal slower. 
The arrow that had pierced his leg at Gilboa, shattering part of the bone and doing unrecoverable damage to the mass of sinews located there, had left the man to walk with a very pronounced limp, though he refused to use any sort of aid. Such was the figure that met the doorkeepers of the Philistine council hall. The two functionaries both bowed slightly as Charmaca neared the entryway, and each pulled back one of the double wooden doors, allowing the rugged figure to pass through.
Charmaca was well aware that the Lords of the Philistines to whom he was about to give an account might be somewhat displeased with him considering the great loss of lives as well as that he had not returned with greater spoil! Yet, the fact that the armor of Saul, King of the Hebrews, had just been placed in the temple of Ashtoreth, a thing heartily celebrated by the people, should most certainly appease them, at least to some degree. Yet, it was true, that a certain ruefulness did surround him as he walked the long corridor leading to the council hall. He had hoped to crush the whole of the Hebrew nation. In fact, he had promised to do so, but, in reality, his attempts had fallen very much short of the mark. 
The kingdom of Israel was anything but crushed. Indeed, he had been informed just this morning that the throne had been adequately secured by Saul's general, Abner, and, further, with every passing hour, great numbers of men were being amassed from all regions of Israel into a major fighting force. 
But more than anything else, Charmaca knew that the Lords of the council would be most displeased by the great loss of men their military had suffered. He had gone to Israel with more than one hundred thousand men and returned with less than half that. For this he would certainly be called into grievous question. For these reasons, when the general entered the great stone hall, and the doors squeaked closed behind him, it was not without apprehension concerning his future. Nevertheless, he proceeded forward, in his usual proud manner, to stand near the large table where five men, dressed in royal apparel, awaited him. He saluted each formally and then seated himself and waited to be questioned. 
The hall, which was built of stone, was not exceedingly large and had been constructed more with functionality in mind than appearance. Other than some heavy-hanging drapes on its several windows, the room was more or less unadorned. A large table, which he had approached, was made of stone as well, and sat crosswise to the direction from which Charmaca had entered the room. 
Seated on its opposite side were four of the Philistine rulers. One remained standing. The ceiling of the hall was extremely high and, coupled with the fact that nearly everything in the way of furnishings was stone like the room itself, it was not surprising that when one spoke their words tended to ring rather excessively. 
King Hushin, Lord and ruler of Exron, who was standing, spoke first. "We wish to congratulate you on a great victory at Megiddo, Charmaca! To say the least we are all pleased to have the power of Israel broken at last!" Then, quickly he carefully added, “At least to some extent!"
"Thank you Sire," Charmaca answered in his usual, lofty manner, disregarding the curt qualifier that Hushin had added. 
"For this, we wish you to understand that you have our gratitude utterly!" 
Again the general nodded his head in a manner that reflected near arrogance! 
"However at what cost!" Achish of Gath added. 
"There is always a cost to war, my Lord!" Charmaca rejoined.
"Nearly too great a cost for some of us. A large part of those men were my own. Men of Gath. I sit right on the border of our two lands and find now that I am woefully lacking a sufficient military defense! If Israel should decide to launch retaliation I will find myself, most certainly, in dire straits!” Achish spoke again, this time with more agitation in his voice. 
Charmaca looked the man in the eyes but did not reply. 
Hushin spoke again. The man was tall, and wore lavish robes of a deep green and blue color, which contrasted sharply with the grey, nearly white appearance of his long beard. His right hand had been raised up into the air somewhat, and his voice quickly changed from its first pleasant tone, to that of solid displeasure. "We were led to believe," and here, Hushin paused, allowing these first words to deliver a certain barbed effect to the general as he looked him deeply in the eyes, "that this was going to be an easy conquest, that the Israelites were weak and unprepared for an assault from the north, that you would attack the northern regions, and sweep down upon the whole of the nation, leaving it a heap of rubble, your own words, as I recall! At any rate, that is what we were led to believe!" His words were now bitter and spiked with reproach. 
Two more of the Lords spoke and both showed great misgivings, if not outright anger, at what they perceived as a failure on Charmaca's part. 
After listening for some longer time, Charmaca himself grew vexed! "I have hung the armor of Saul in our temple and sent word throughout the whole land that King Saul is dead. Before I left Israel I took his body and the bodies of his sons, and after cutting off the head of the King, I fastened it to the wall of the temple at our garrison in Beth Shan, in the heart of Israel, so that his desecrated body might be a reproach and a reminder to them of the scourge of Philistia! I all but decimated their entire standing army! At this very moment they wait in fear of a second invasion and I believe that the whole country quakes and trembles at our feet!" 
"Perhaps we did not utterly defeat them as I had hoped, but, rest assured, that they are greatly humbled before the might of the Philistine Lords. Give me the men and resources and I am ready to return this very day and finish that which I have begun!"
Achish, upon hearing this, interjected his thoughts again, his voice conveying his increasing anger rather plainly. "Not all of us seated here agree with that assessment. Every hour brings more news of a great rallying of forces just across our borders, and we are told repeatedly that the nation has shaken itself like a sleeping giant. That the Hebrews have bestirred themselves, and, though they were caught off guard once, have sworn to meet Philistia with a burning vengeance!" 
"Perhaps the blood of fifty thousand of our best seems trivial to you, Charmaca, but that is not my sentiment, I assure you. And now I hear you saying, even as their bones are bleaching upon the fields of Megiddo, that you want us to send you back with twice that so that their blood can be mingled with that of those which have already perished.
Charmaca now came up from his own seat and he plainly had no intention of hiding his anger. "I never told you that there would not be a cost! Men die in war, my Lords. Perhaps Achish has lived too long among the roses of Gath, but I . . . ."
Long before Charmaca could finish his words Achish rose up with fire in his eyes! "Watch your tongue you insignificant flea! Do not be fool enough to think that you can come here and badger the Lords of Philistia! One more of your insolent statements and I will see to it that your own head hangs beside that of Saul's before the setting of another sun!" 
Charmaca, upon realizing the exceeding anger of King Achish, decided it was in his best interest to back down, and his next words reflected as much. "I apologize for my hasty words, King Achish. They were out of place! But, I must stand my ground in declaring that delay will surely result in nothing short of failure, for now is the time to strike again before Israel has time to regain her strength! If we do not, then the lives of all those that died at Megiddo, will be forfeit!"
"Friends," Hushin now interjected, raising his hand in a motion to calm heated feelings, "this is truly a complex matter to decide. I suggest that we wait until we have more reliable word on the situation in Israel before we make a final decision!"
Speaking thus, the King looked for a nod from the other four Lords. For the most part, it seemed that the others agreed with Hushin and the meeting was adjourned for the time being. 
Time would tell, though, that Charmaca was correct in his assessment. Every passing day allowed Israel to gain strength and, before the Lords of Philistia were able to gain consensus, it was too late to invade. 
As for the bodies of Saul and his sons, it was the valiant men of Jabesh Gilead, remembering the kindness of the King so many years before, in delivering their city from certain death, that prompted them to march all night long to the small garrison of Beth Shan, and rescue the body of the King as well as his sons. They carefully took them down from the temple wall, and carried them back to their home, where they burnt them, and then buried their remains honorably beneath a Tamarisk tree. 
Charmaca, for his part, due to the poor results of Megiddo, was eventually dismissed as leading general of the Philistine forces. To a large part it was as if he were a broken man following that event. He had climbed to the very pinnacle of his military profession, where his tireless ambitions had driven him rather quickly, only to suffer the rapid disintegration of his career. 
**********
Eight long months had passed by since Nathan had seen Kezmin, and he longed to be with her. The winter had been slow in passing, but now spring had come, and, with it, his heart was beginning to break free of the profound grief, which had enwrapped it as a result of his father's death as well as the tragic events at Gilboa. 
Throughout this time thoughts of Kezmin had given him much comfort. Often he could picture her in his mind's eye. To Nathan, her loveliness was both complicated and yet simple. It seemed that her beauty received its substance from the inward glow of her nature, innocent and pure, radiating through every word she whispered, every smile and glance, enchanting him with just their memory.
But did this girl from Shechem have reciprocating feelings? That was the question he put to himself almost daily! Why should she? What was he anyway that she should long consider him? There was nothing remarkable about him, at least by his own estimates. Moreover, the young man was well aware that she likely had many opportunities and suitors that could offer well beyond anything he had or could ever have, to give her. Yet, her last words to him seemed to repeat endlessly in his mind. "I will never forget you!” This was her final utterance to him when he departed her home in Shechem, and he could not help but wonder if it were true. For his part, Nathan knew that he would never forget her so long as he lived upon this earth! 
But, sadly, there was much more to add confusion to his life. His heart was often troubled within him. How ashamed he was that he had declared a victory for the King at Gilboa when the reality turned out to be just the opposite! It had been one of the worst defeats in the history of his people! If only he had kept his visions to himself. But, instead, he rattled them off everywhere he went, like a simpleton, without restraint or caution. Where was his mind? What was he thinking? The vision had never implied that the King would be victorious or otherwise. Now, as he considered it, he had never really been instructed to even go to Gilboa. The dream had only lasted for an instant of time and, yet, it was so powerful. How well he remembered it! Within that vision was a light brighter than the sun and a voice speaking. "You must see the King at Gilboa!” Nothing more! But, being the fool he was, he added much more to it within his own mind. Now, he had to face all that. He was only glad that all those around him had been kind enough not to bring the matter up. Such were the thoughts that often filled his mind in these times!

The morning had been magnificent, as the sun rose up over the eastern ridge and filled the small valley with its warmth and life. Nathan had been up early, taking care of his herds and doing other chores demanded for the proper upkeep of the properties which were now his responsibility. Berekiah and Joel, his brothers, had both established homes of their own, and Leila had married some months before. Nathan dwelt alone in the house his father had left him. 
Following his work, he ate a sizable breakfast, washed up his dishes, and put them carefully back in place. Afterward, he went out to the court and sat beside the fire, which, by this time, was flickering low. A sudden and unexpected urge overcame him, and he rose up and went to his room to retrieve the necklace from a small, clay box, which he kept there. 
Returning quickly and sitting back down near the fire again, Nathan took the necklace from the box, and held it in his hands. It was truly a work of captivating beauty. The chain was gorgeous, made of the finest Egyptian gold, designed by hand in a series of tiny interlocking links, each reflecting painstaking, yet, astonishingly precise craftsmanship! From this was attached a most unusual and lovely two-sided pendant. Its shape was square and crafted to precision out of the same gold as the chain. Its size was not much bigger than one’s thumb. Both sides contained a precious stone. The base of the pendant was, of course flat but, in order for it to hold a stone firmly on each side, it possessed an identical carved-out frame which, in turn, served to hold the thin, golden plate on which each stone had been fastened securely. The frames, which were of equal size and matched on both the front and back of the pendant, were actually a carefully crafted three sided and grooved track. The corresponding thin golden plate slid down into these as if into a pocket. On top of each side a small, hinged pin, resembling a tiny metal arm, came down and clamped beneath a perfectly positioned hook on the opposite side. When properly snapped into place it held the plate with its costly stone firmly into position. It could not fall out or be removed without first unhooking the pin and lifting it up to free the plate. The pendant was made identical on both sides so that each side held one of the thin plates with its stone of equal and exquisite beauty. In this case the front side, which Nathan now examined carefully, contained a ruby! The back side held a sapphire. The ruby was a deep, gorgeous red, it was often referred to as the pigeon’s blood ruby and was breathtaking in its natural loveliness and charm. The sapphire was a rich and deep blue, and equally as captivating! There was, however, one major difference between the two plates and their stones. On the side that held the red ruby the costly gemstone was perfectly placed just beneath an exquisitely engraved etching of a beautiful female face! 
The necklace had been given to Dirytica by the King, himself, who had obtained it from a visiting Egyptian emissary in the early years of the monarchy. The ruby was very rare, but not uncommon among the King's treasure. He awarded it to Dirytica during his fifth year of service for his many acts of loyalty and valor, telling him that, though he appeared to be married to the sword, he still might find use for the pendant someday. Dirytica wore it around his neck from that day until the day he married Annashia, at which time he presented it to her while informing his cherished love that the red ruby could only slightly reflect how precious her love truly was to him. Dirytica meant every word of it!
Nathan held the necklace in his hands and thought of both his parents and how much he missed them. He remembered his mother coming in to wake him each morning with her soft voice and pleasant words. 
This morning, as he sat alone, he called to mind so many special occasions, wonderful days that they had celebrated together as a family. But, that was all gone. All that was left were the dim shadows of yesterday, yet the memories were something he would cherish forever!
After placing the necklace back into the clay box, Nathan carefully returned the lid to its place. He would not wear it, at least not today. It was too sacred and prized. It would be treasured forever, and, perhaps, one day he would place it around the neck of the person he loved so very dearly, Kezmin of Manasseh! As he placed the box safely back in its place he made a vow within his heart. He would not show it to Kezmin until the time he was able to present it to her on the day he asked her to marry him! And that would only happen when he knew, with all certainty, that God had given the proper sign that it was, indeed, His will! He swore to himself that he would never waver from that commitment!
As he sat there, thinking of these things, the ache within his heart only increased. At last he could stand it no longer and stood up with one thing on his mind. He needed to see Kezmin again! It was important to know if she still cared or longed to see him, as he did her. It was time to make arrangements to go to Shechem!
The rest of the day was spent making the right preparation. He arranged for his brothers to check in on his herds, which was something they often did for each other. Following that, he prepared the house and packed a few light belongings. His brother, Berekiah, had offered to let him ride his mule, and that would hasten his journey by a great degree. If he started very early the next morning, he should be at Kezmin's home well before sunset the following day, making it only necessary to spend one night out in the open. 
The weather was very agreeable and the trip, though long, was, yet, pleasant. The sun was threatening to descend past the hilltops when Nathan arrived at the house. He dismounted the mule. The day had turned off warm so that the young prophet wore no cloak but only a light, deep blue tunic tied off with a black sash around his hips. He wore light sandals with cords that traveled up around his calves. His arms were mostly bare and his long hair fell down over his back and shoulders. Thus, the young prophet appeared at the house of Kezmin’s uncle. Slowly he walked up closer and, just as he was about to enter the gate, someone stepped out from the front entryway. 
It was Kezmin! They were still more than twenty steps apart, but their eyes locked and each stood for a long moment without moving. Just looking on her face again brought an overwhelming joy to his heart, yet he stood nearly petrified, not knowing how she would receive him. However, that uncertainty was fleeting as he observed the most beautiful smile begin to spread across her gentle countenance, along with an enchanting sparkle that filled her eyes. 
Kezmin moved first, and she never spoke a word, but walked up and stood just in front of him, looking deeply into his eyes. Still smiling, she reached her hands out for his and, when they touched, something wonderful surged through Nathan, and he could not help himself from meeting her smile with his own. Gripping her hands tightly, the young man only wished he could wrap his arms around and embrace her closely, the way he had, for so long, wished to do. 
"I had almost given up!" she whispered. 
For a moment, Nathan looked down at the earth hesitating, but then he spoke. "I'm sorry. So much has happened. Even now, I was uncertain as to whether I should come. I hope you are truly glad to see me!" After speaking he lifted his eyes up to search her face, hoping to see the right reaction there. 
"I told you I would wait forever if I had to, and I meant it. I cannot tell you how glad I am that you have come!" Kezmin gushed out as her eyes sparkled with joy and she squeezed his hands even tighter. 
"I never stopped thinking of you! Not for a moment!” Nathan added in his soft spoken manner. 
Then, for an instance, Kezmin took on a more serious expression. "I heard about your Father. Uncle went down sometime back to sell his wares at Bethel and made inquiry about you while he was there. I am so sorry. I know you miss him terribly."
Again Nathan looked down almost as if not knowing how to reply. He paused for a long while and then lifted his face, looking off into the distance as he answered. "He was gone when I arrived home, after being here. I just wish I could have said goodbye."
"I know!" She softly whispered, and then paused before continuing. "Uncle heard that you were alone. I'm sorry. I prayed for you often."
There was a rather long silence between them, as if neither knew actually what to say. Then, wishing to turn the conversation to lighter things, Nathan interjected with a smile. "So you were spying on me, then. I should have known.” 
But Kezmin, as if not quite knowing how to respond, reacted quickly, in a slightly embarrassed tone of her own. "No. No, not at all. I mean . . ." Then she looked again at Nathan's reassuring face and continued almost instantly, "well maybe! How else was I to know?" They both laughed as Kezmin dropped his one hand, pulling gently on his other, to guide him along down the walk, and into the house.
"I was hoping your uncle and aunt might not mind if I stayed for a day or two." 
Kezmin's reply was reassuring. "You're all my uncle talks about. He thinks the world of you, and my aunt would love anyone that praised her soup the way you do!" They both laughed again and entered the house. 
As they entered the small home Nathan was immediately met by Kezmin's uncle. "I almost don't believe this!" Johanan spoke laughingly, as he embraced the young visitor with what was clearly a sense of delight. 
As they released one another Nathan was searching for the right words to speak when Jamairen entered the court and with a warm smile, spoke before he was able. "We are so glad to see you, Nathan. Truly, we have missed you greatly. I'm glad you could come."
"I do hope that I am not interfering with anything or imposing in any way." He answered with a questioning look on his face. 
"Certainly not," she replied eagerly. "Having you here is absolutely a pleasure for us. Please be at home and I will prepare us a wonderful meal!" 

True to her word, Jamairen prepared a meal that was, without question, extraordinary! They talked and laughed long into the evening. Johanan and Jamairen, were both overjoyed that Nathan had come, and they treated him more like a son than just a visitor. Nathan, himself, felt an ease and happiness that he hadn't felt in a very long while. 
After the meal was finished, and everything placed back in order, they all retired to the rooftop to continue their visit. The moon was bright, the sky beautiful, and a soft, warm breeze made all very suitable. As the evening went on, Johanan and Jamairen said good night and retired, leaving the two younger ones to have some time to themselves. Johanan trusted Nathan to the utmost, and had no fear in turning in and leaving them alone together. 
On the far side of the upper court the stone wall came up and formed a fence that surrounded the rooftop court. Kezmin had walked to its edge and placed her hands upon the top of the wall, which was about waist high, and looked out at the glorious evening sky. She then turned and stretched out her hand to Nathan. "Come be with me. I have missed you more than I can possibly put into words! And it is so good to see you in good health again. When you left I was worried!” 
Nathan took her hand and again wished with all his heart that he could pull her into his arms, and hold her tightly, but he did not. "I don't know if I ever really thanked you or your aunt and uncle properly, but I know I would not be here if it had not been for the kindness of you and your family. You saved my life!"
"God saved your life, we just helped." Kezmin smiled. 
"Kezmin, I . . . ah, I had to see you! I mean, I couldn't stay away any longer. I could no longer ignore these feelings in my heart! I think of you all the time. All I desire is to be with you." Nathan spoke haltingly and with no small amount of nervousness, but he desperately wanted to tell her how he felt for her. 
"Do you not know that I feel the very same way Nathan? There have been days when my heart was sick from missing you. And I didn't know if I would ever see you again and that made it even harder!"
"I know," he softly replied. He took her hand and squeezed softly, and then raised it delicately to his lips, holding it in both of his own, as if it were the most precious thing in the world, before kissing the back of her hand ever so gently. I wish that I could hold you,” he uttered softly while looking down into her eyes. 
"You can hold me, Nathan, there is no one here that would be troubled by that. And I . . . I do . . . so long for you to hold me as well!"
However, Nathan, now rather suddenly, turned away and replied almost abruptly, "No, I cannot!" his voice sounding sad as he placed her hand carefully back on the stone ledge and turned to look out at the evening sky. He paused for a long moment before continuing. "If only I could somehow let you see the confusion that tears away at my heart every day. There is no clear path before me ever. Each day I rise up to ask myself again, ‘where I am going, and what I am to do with my life?’ I once thought I was chosen of the Lord to be a prophet. There was every reason to think so. I often had dreams and visions. But then, with all the events of Gilboa, I dishonored God with my carelessness and, as you know, I felt that it was never meant to be . . . , that is, that I should truly be a prophet! Looking back at that time I felt that because I had a few dreams . . . well, I made something out of them that was never meant to be, and, so, I made up my mind to throw off the delusion, and never speak in the name of the Lord, again!" 
Kezmin stood just listening, for she knew Nathan was saying things that he needed to speak. She placed her hand on top of his, as he continued. 
"Months passed and there was no new word from the Lord. I wrestled with it day and night, and all the while I struggled with the grief of my father's death. I knew I was likely not thinking correctly and resolved to stop thinking of the matter at all, but I could not. It was like a fire within me that could not be extinguished!” 
"And, then, I thought of the vision I had in the cave. It was so powerful! More than anything before it! And I wondered why it had come to me. What good had it done? What purpose had it served? If I had been given that same vision, a few days earlier, I could have saved the King! But no, I had no chance, and, now, the King is dead! Uncertainty haunts me continually! I just wish that the Lord God would speak plainly of what I am to do, or am not to do. Yet, there has been nothing but silence!"
Nathan hesitated here for a moment before turning his full attention, once more, to Kezmin. "What I am saying is, that if God yet has a purpose for me in this way, and I clearly do not know that He has, but if He should . . . well you know that the work of prophets often leads to a difficult life, and it is not unusual that they never take a wife because of it! Yet, one thing is certain, it is a matter for which they must wait for the voice of God. This much I know, He must approve every part and every decision in the life of a man who is to be his spokesman! And, too, on the other hand, I fear that if I just disregard the fact that He might have chosen me, then, He may require it for it is no small thing to throw the wishes of God over one's shoulder!"
Kezmin knew that Nathan was very troubled by these things and wished that she had an answer, but she did not. In her depths she was convinced, not just of her love, but that God had brought them together in this life regardless of what might come, but she feared that saying so would not help and might even leave him worse than if her words were left unspoken. She reached up with one hand and touched the side of his face. "I wish that I could share this load with you, but I cannot. And it pains me to think that there is a chance that I might not spend my life with you, as I pass everyday hoping that I will. But, I want you to know, that no matter what you choose, or what the Lord God chooses, I am here beside you, and I always will be. If, by chance, He should forbid my being a part of your life, then I will accept that, though, right now, I wonder how I could face the idea of not being with you for the rest of my journey upon this earth!" 
Nathan pressed his face against her warm and gentle hand and closed his eyes for a moment as they stood in silence. 
Then all at once, she happily pulled Nathan with her to a stone bench where they sat down together in the moonlight. Their hands were within each others, and Kezmin laid her head over on his shoulder. When she did, Nathan felt as if an ocean of warmth had been poured down over his soul and, for that moment, he felt more content than he ever had in the entirety of his life!
**********
It was of little surprise to Abner, when some months after the battle of Gilboa, word came that David had gone to Hebron where the people of Judah had sat him upon the throne. 
Moreover, Abner was well aware that, many years before, Samuel, the holy Prophet, had filled his own horn with the sacred anointing oil and poured it upon the head of David while he was still just a shepherd boy at Bethlehem. Abner did not question the validity of that affair. But, he had always been a very principled man and had lived his life by the dictates of conscience. God had ordained the house of Saul to rule over Israel, and Samuel had anointed him King in the presence of all Israel and all Judah. There was no question. Had none of his sons survived to take the throne, it would have been a different matter, but one had, namely Ish-Bosheth, the youngest. By the best of his understanding, Abner felt it his greatest obligation to protect the throne of the house of Saul. It was the right and noble thing to do, therefore he chose to give the matter his fullest dedication, at least until God Himself somehow indicated that he should do otherwise! 
Based on this kind of thinking, on the very day that word came to him concerning David's enthronement, he ordered an evacuation of Gibeah, of the King, his family, and all his servants. Quickly, they made their way east across the Jordan to the city of Mahanaim, and, there, Abner declared Ish-Bosheth King of all Israel. With keen foresight, Abner perceived that Judah would resist this move under the compulsion that David was now the true King. That was his foremost reason for crossing the Jordan. It provided a significant barrier between the two territories, which would allow Israel, in time, to reassert their proper place as head of the nation. 
Now, some years before, Saul himself had given Abner a house in Mahanaim that was, in its own right, very little less than a palace itself. It was here that the youngest son of the deceased monarch took the leadership of the nation, and as a result, civil war in Israel was about to commence!

Yet, as the days passed by, Abner began to have serious questionings about the new King he had helped place upon the throne of Israel. In his mind, the youthful King, Ish-Bosheth, which he had set upon the throne at Mahanaim, was of questionable character, and, now, he entertained somber misgiving concerning him as well as his ability to rule Israel. As time passed by, this conviction began to deepen!
The boy's behavior was that of a spoiled and selfish youth. The young King appeared to have little regard for the wellbeing of the nation and spent his days living in luxury. His spirit seemed to be devoid of even the slightest impulses toward nobleness, which Abner had hoped, in time, to fan into notable and worthy propriety. As the months passed, the young King increasingly appeared to have but one thing in mind, and that was . . . a life of unrestrained revelry. Large sums of money were spent on feasting and entertainments. Further, he had gathered other young men who thought as he did around himself as advisors, dismissing many of those that had served his father and the Kingdom for many years. These same companions pressed him harder into his delinquent lifestyle!
His father's harem of concubines had been sizeable in number, but Ish-Bosheth was adding many to this list every day and turning the palace into little more than a house of sport and debauchery. With every passing month Abner became more disillusioned with his decision to support the house of Saul. What an utter contrast of character was this young man when compared to the nobleness that rested upon David of Bethlehem, whom Abner had great regards for from the outset! 
As the kingdom, which Abner had set up in Gilead, passed well into its second year, the commander began to have grave regrets, for the part he had played in establishing it. And all of this was to say nothing of the bloodshed, and national confusion the civil war had already caused. Other matters were also proving difficult and adding to Abner's conviction that the war should end. 
The young man, Joab, who was now one of the leading figures in King David's military, had turned out to be much more of a formidable opponent than had been anticipated. The struggle had become intense, the nation was being torn apart, and the cost in lives and properties had been staggering. It was the first civil war to have been fought by the people of Israel, and it was now perceived, by both sides, as being one of the most sickening events ever to have plagued the nation!
Judah had grown into a great power of her own and Israel, on the other hand, comprised of the other nine tribes, was also a marked force. But, now, the two were destroying each other and the impression was growing stronger every day within Abner that Israel was beginning to show signs of weakening as a nation. Within the general's mind he began to understand that his options were narrowing. Eventually, he concluded that he must either take over control of Israel himself, until such a time as one of the more capable offspring of the house of Saul came to age or surrender the Kingdom of Israel over to David. 
Abner, feeling within himself that he still had an obligations to preserve Israel, decided, at least for the moment, to go with the former. So in the midst of the second year of Ish-Bosheth's reign, Abner began to strengthen his personal position within the house of Saul with the express intention of controlling the throne! It was foremost in his mind to eventually make the decision that was truly best for the whole Hebrew nation. He waited to see what that decision might actually be. 
**********
Hebron was one of the largest cities in the entire nation of Israel at the time David arrived there. A city of great historical meaning, it was sacred in the hearts of all the Hebrew people. Here was the cave of Machpelah, where lay the bodies of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Sarah, Rebecca, and Leah. It was a holy city and, in the heart of the young warrior, David, it was cherished as he loved and treasured all the history of his people. Often he wrote large psalms and sang songs of his people concerning the deeds that God had performed among them. These were his people, and he had now become their shepherd! 
Having inquired of the Lord God by the young priest, Abiathar, son of Ahimelek, God had directed David to come to Hebron where, shortly thereafter, the people of Judah anointed him King. It was a commitment of his heart to lead his people only in the ways that God would direct and to give himself to establishing, not his own glory, but rather, the glory of God in all things. 
At Hebron the young man, Joab, joined the ranks of David's military beside his brother, Abishai. They were both David's younger nephews, born to his older sister, Zeruiah. Joab, the eldest of the two, was a man who had, at a young age, established himself as an extremely capable warrior and leader in military affairs. From the very earliest days of the Israelite Civil War, Joab had earned the respect of his men and grew in power and influence among them. In some ways his impact upon the warriors of David's army was even greater than that of the King, though there was no question that the men were greatly devoted to David, particularly those who had spent years in hiding with him. 
From the beginning, however, David mistrusted Joab. Somehow, he could sense that he was a man eager to establish himself in a position of power. His loyalty to David went almost without question. He had proved this more times than once and, yet, he had a turn to his nature that left David feeling uncomfortable with him. Nonetheless, during these years of civil conflict, he was proving himself to be invaluable and David was forced to lean upon him greatly in securing his own throne. Yet, he found it prudent to keep from Joab a large portion of the affairs involving the nation. Essentially, then, so far as those that surrounded the young King in his advisory council, things were not all that David could have wished for. 
One situation that had added its own element of disagreeableness, was when Abner, in a two day battle at Gibeon, was forced to kill Abual, brother of Joab and Abishai. As the story was relayed to David, Abner had no choice, as Abual was literally chasing him on the field, apparently hoping to gain a great deal of glory by slaying the general of Israel's army. Abner, though well into his sixties, was a very seasoned and skilled warrior and was aware that he could take the young man's life without difficulty. Therefore, he openly and within the hearing of those on the field, warned the youth to desist, but he would not. Nor would Joab call him back. In the end, Abner was left with no choice but to smite the man down, and that he did! From that day forward, Joab had a vendetta against Abner and swore in his heart to shed his blood in revenge for the blood of his brother. It affected every decision he made and David found it needful to restrain Joab in a large part of his duties of war. 
All of this laid out a most disagreeable web of complexities that would led to the occurrence of one of the most dastardly events to have ever taken place in Israel, the bloody assassination of one of Israel's greatest men, Abner of the house of Saul!
**********
When David received word that Abner, leading general of all the military of the house of Saul, was in route to Hebron with the proposal to render Israel subject to King David, the young King was, to say the least, both relieved and pleased. Months before the elders of Israel had secretly confided with Abner that they were greatly disenchanted with their King in light of his failures, and wished to bring the two houses together once again. It was the fulfilling of the promise that God had, so long ago, made to David, and he felt that the will of God was being fulfilled in the unification of the Hebrew people once again!
A great feast was planned for Abner and the twenty men that were with him. David, himself, rode out to meet him at the gates of Hebron. The day was to be one of great celebration!

David made a gallant and impressive King, as he rode his great white steed down the streets of Hebron toward the city gates. Still a rather young man, today he dressed in deep royal red, and wore the imperial crown upon his head along with a thick red vest with buttons of pure gold, and a heavy matching tunic. Finely crafted black leather sandals shod his feet and legs and he had a wide leather belt of equally fine design made of woven, interlaced strips of leather edged with gold. To this was fastened the sheath of his handsome sword. A broad cape of the same deep red was wrapped over his shoulders and fell loosely and long over the hinder part of his white steed's magnificent body! 
The citizens of Hebron were out in extremely large numbers to celebrate what most of them considered was an end to the civil war that had plagued the nation for so long. The King met the famous commander at the gates. David embraced Abner, and, then, turned and held up the general's hand in his own, far above their heads, a symbol of the uniting of the two forces. The people of Hebron were pleased, as was all Judah, and the entire day was spent in great festivities. David and Abner went up to the palace to talk in the afternoon. Abner was a man of engaging manner and presented himself in a very courtly fashion. After a few moments of light discussion, it was he that fell right into the truly pressing issues. "The elders of Israel, without exception, have come to me wishing to make you King of the nation, as Saul was King. All of Israel is with you, my Lord, so that the promise might be fulfilled that God made to you by the Prophet Samuel. 'By my servant David, I will rescue my people Israel from the hand of the Philistines, and from the hand of all their enemies.' I believe that the time spoken of is at hand, Sire!" With these words Abner paused to allow the King to speak.
"And may that be sooner than later! It cannot be the will of the Lord God that we should devour one another in this war! Your words give me great hope that this shall all be put behind us, forever!” David spoke in a cordial tone. 
"I wish you to know, Sire, that I am forever your servant, and will serve you with the same vigilance with which I served your master. I will do everything within my power to see that all these transactions go as smoothly as possible."
"Abner, I have full confidence in you, as well, and have always held you in the greatest of respect. I tell you, plainly, that your place here is secured and your participation in this kingdom, will, without question, be a very valued one."
"Thank you, Sire. That means more to me than I can say." Abner spoke sincerely as he looked the young King in the eyes. "I will go, then, and make ready the leaders of Israel, and very soon they will crown you King of all Israel."
With that Abner went out from the presence of the King, took his men and they departed from Hebron. 

But it so happened when Joab, who despised Abner, found out that the King had celebrated with Abner in his absence, he became very angry! With great haste he began to make devious plans. There was no question in his mind that David would appoint Abner high general over all his military and this displeased the young man very much. After all, Joab had earned that position. He could not allow his advancements to fall into jeopardy. Besides that, there was the matter of avenging the blood of his brother, whom Abner slew. 
With all this in his head, Joab quickly make plans, and sent out messengers to call Abner back to the cistern at Sirah, a sacred chamber located slightly north of Hebron. There Joab met Abner face to face. "Do we not both command the armies of Israel? And is it not fit that we should work together to profit the entire nation?” Joab asked Abner as they both dismounted and approached one another. 
"I hear you, Joab. I know you are favored by the King who speaks well of you. Speak to your servant all of your heart, for I am listening." Abner replied. 
"Very well, but shall we enter the chamber and sit for a while, for I have delicate matters I wish to make you aware of.” Joab suggested. 
"Very well, let us enter the chamber and talk."
The cistern was fed by a small spring just outside the chambers. The small, stone enclosure had been built there, many years prior, as a place for travelers to find rest and refreshment. It was here that Joab led the way and Abner followed. Just as the two of them came to the far side of the chamber where several stone benches had been constructed, Joab turned and acted as if he would be seated. However, with Abner close behind he quickly pulled the long bladed dagger from its sheath on the calf of his left leg and rose up to plunge it deeply into Abner's stomach!
"For the sake of Israel, and for my brother Abual," the young general rasped out!
Abner's eyes locked with those of Joab as he sank to the floor. Barely able to speak he whispered his last words, "As the Lord lives, may he require this of you!" He then slumped down to his death.
**********
When David received word of this loathsome event his heart sank within him for more reasons than one. He grieved deeply for the loss of a great warrior who would have been, without question, a great cornerstone in the establishment of his own kingdom. There was more to this tragedy which was troubling David, and more so, as the details of the sordid event became clearer. He understood that Joab had made himself a powerful position in his own ranks, and, at present, there was little that David could do to alter that fact. David's own men were greatly devoted to the King, but they also greatly respected and feared the man, Joab. The young King felt trapped and unable to execute the judgment he knew Joab deserved. His kingdom was still in its infancy and, though he was King, it would still be a great while before his word would truly be law! 
Above all the other matters, that concerned the young King, however, was the effect this incident would have upon the whole Kingdom. A noble man had been slain this day by one in the ranks of David's own military. What a blight this was upon the very inception of his rule! 
The young King who had dreamed of a kingdom without tint of evil, where his people could regard him as a just ruler, fair in all his dealing, grieved as he realized that innocent blood had just stained the fabric of that dream! And he was that much more grieved to understand that there was little that he could do to redress it!
But, David had no intentions of letting it go without rebuke! The following day when Abner was being buried, the King stood up, and before all the people, he spoke. "I and my kingdom are forever innocent before the LORD concerning the blood of Abner, son of Ner. May his blood fall on the head of Joab and on his whole family! May Joab's family never be without someone who has a running sore or leprosy, or who leans on a crutch, or who falls by the sword, or who lacks bread." 
Then, before all of Israel, and all those who had come to bury the noble Abner, David addressed Joab with this order. "Tear your clothes and put on sackcloth, and walk in mourning in front of Abner." David knew, as did Joab, that all he needed was for Joab to refuse to do so, and it would give him the grounds he desperately wished for, to relieve him of his prominent position. But, Joab did as David commanded and tore his clothing and put on sackcloth and walked before Abner in mourning!'
The King himself followed the bier to Abner's tomb and he wept with grief. Then, David sang a lament to Abner: 

"Should Abner have died as the lawless die? 
Your hands were not bound, 
your feet were not fettered. 
You fell as one falls before the wicked." 

And still, with all that, David lifted up his voice once more, and cried out so that all could hear. "May the LORD repay the evildoer according to his evil deed!" After these words, all Israel wept over the body of Abner.
These were events that cast a great shadow over the struggling and newly founded monarchy. If the war between the house of Saul and the house of David had not been disturbing enough, this type of despicable and treacherous behavior would adequately fill up that which was lacking in that regard! 
The fate of the young King, Ish-Bosheth was, unfortunately, no better than that of Abner. After the death of the great commander, the young, foolish King was left vulnerable, and that fact would cost him his life as well. Only weeks after the death of Abner, two men, apparently hoping to find favor with David, assassinated him. However, they too met an untimely end by the hand of the King when they, in their misguided thinking, brought the head of the murdered monarch to Hebron. There they met with the executioner's sword!
Such were the early days of David's reign. His banner was meant to fly high in the pure air of genuineness and principled conviction, but, instead, it fluttered weakly in the foul winds of dissimulation, stained with the blood of treachery. Yet, in time, the light would burst forth again, and the Kingdom would flourish once more! 
**********
Nathan had been little more than a boy of seventeen, when he met Kezmin at Shechem for the first time. Now he was well into his twenty third year. On one hand the years had flown by with great haste and, on the other, they seemed deathly slow. Today his love for her was stronger than ever and he found himself pressed to make the ultimate decision. Like a fork in the road, with nothing before him as a guide, he knew he must choose one or the other. In his heart he felt that he could not ask Kezmin to wait for him any longer. It was time to take her as his wife or forever abandon the idea and allow her to find another! 
Up to this point he had spent his days setting his father's house and herds into good order, all with the recognition that they were now his to care for. He continued perfecting his writing skills, carefully inscribing the events of his earlier years into permanent records. 
Short excursions were made to Nob and Shiloh, both, for the purpose of becoming more acquainted with those men that were now the spiritual leaders of the nation, though he was careful to avoid anything connected with what he soundly considered to be the illegitimate government at Hebron. Once, when visiting the priests at Abinadab, to understand the history of the ark, which had now been there for more than twenty years, he occasioned an opportunity to meet the young Abiathar, son of Ahimelek, who had been one of the leading priests of Nob at the time of the great massacre. He forthrightly declined but, with all courtesy, not wishing to make implication of any kind, yet stoutly holding to his beliefs that David was an invalid King.
During these years he and Kezmin spent many days together. He often traveled there and visited her for prolonged periods in her uncle's home. How entwined their hearts had become! He loved her more than he could possibly express and longed to have her for his wife! Now it was time for a final decision, yet, in his heart, the youth knew that it would be a choice with many ramifications!

The sun was just setting and the last rays of light were fading across the small valley where his home was situated. Nathan was seated on a small seat in the entryway of his modest house and was drinking a mix of pomegranate and wild apple juice. Tonight, as he watched the sun decline, he felt, in his heart, that it was, at last, time to make this decision without delaying another day. It was significant to him that, after the vision of Gilboa, along with its preceding dream, he had never received any message or vision from the Lord God in any form whatsoever. That had been more than five years earlier. Nathan now firmly concluded that it was not meant for him to be a prophet, and he resigned to the tasks that he loved, that of being a scribe, and helping keep records of the history of his people. With that conclusion, the next followed easy upon it. It was time to take a wife, so the next day he would begin his journey to Shechem and propose to Kezmin! At last the decision was made. His heart was free and, with a clear mind, he watched the final light of the western shy as it was swallowed up by darkness. 
Carefully, he lit a small oil lamp and made his way to the own bed and sat the light upon a small table beside it. In his mind there was no question that he had given God more than ample time to appear in a dream or vision and commission him to some facet of His work. He had not done so and Nathan's heart was at peace with that. Now, he blew out the wick and settled back in his bed, feeling at last a sense of relief in that he had finally came to a solid conclusion! The day had been long and he was weary. Soon he slept.

There is the light that one sees, and for a very few, there is the light that one feels! For the young prophet, just awakened from his sleep by a very powerful glow, it was time to experience the latter!
As Nathan slowly rose up from his bed, the light's warmth seemed to pass through his body and yet, it was much more than something physical, for he was experiencing it in the depth of his soul! As a truly thirsty man will almost involuntary suck up, in great gulps, the water he so desperately needs, so the tremendous joyfulness emanating from the light filled every crevice of all that he was, and he could not help opening up body and soul, craving more, though his mind, at the same time was searching to understand what was happening.
The light's intense glow bathed the entire room and, as Nathan looked up from his bed, he became aware of the very real presence of something or someone! At the center of the room, from whence the glow radiated, was a slender, vertical bar of intense brightness which quickly began to expand. In less than a moment of time, it formed the figure of a person and Nathan heard the being speak. "Nathan, beloved of God and chosen! I am Zenmarria, messenger of the Lord God Most High! Be calmed and be at peace! Tomorrow you will begin your journey to Jerusalem and meet David of Bethlehem, King of all Israel! Wait upon me there, for I will appear to you again and will show you what great thing the Lord would have you do!" Then, quickly, the light drew inward, to a slender shaft of brightness, and with a sudden flash, it disappeared altogether. 
The young prophet rose up, set his feet upon the floor and shook himself, wondering. Though the light had vanished, as Nathan looked about him, he realized that the walls of the room and all the contents were still glowing with a residue of luminescence as if they had soaked in the brilliant light. Everything surrounding him now shone with a hue not unlike soft moonlight. Nathan looked at his hands and his body and they, too, glowed as if they had captured the light within themselves. 
The young man was startled and amazed and for many hours he lie upon his bed, thinking about the light, and the words of the strange speaker. Sleep fled from him until early morning. Prominent in his mind was this tremendous knowledge. He was called to be a servant of the Lord God! But, as he considered this, his mind went to Kezmin and he yearned to share his life with her and wondered, once again, what he was to do concerning that matter! 

The next morning, Nathan awoke late due to the events of the night before. As he arose from the bed he could still see the slightest glowing of his bedding, clothes and skin. It was, by now, however, almost undetectable. To be sure, the young man went to an inner chamber of the house where all was completely dark, and looked at himself and his clothes, and, yes, without question, they glowed. Had it not been for that fact, Nathan may have decided that the whole thing was a dream, but now he knew in his heart, that it was not! 
The young man dressed quickly. As he considered it, he realized that the day was too far along to make it to Jerusalem, but he wanted to make it as far as possible. As the angel had instructed, he gathered up what he would need for the trip and started out with all haste, but not before taking the black cloak his own mother had made for him out of its place and wrapping it around himself. The weather was growing cooler every day and it would, once again, help to provide warmth for the journey before him. 
Then, for some reason, he again felt a great sense of uncertainty. Nathan reached for the box beside his bed and removed the necklace. He held it up and gazed at it for a brief time and then, as if it somehow represented the presence of those that he loved, he lifted it up and placed it around his neck, hiding it deeply beneath the folds of the cloak. 
After making sure everything else was in good order, he started down the road that would take him to Jerusalem. 
**********
The anxious sojourner traveled south as far as Gibeah, where night began to overtake him. Just on the outskirts of the city, he came across the camp of a stranger, who upon seeing him, stood up and called out in a merry tone: "Friend, you journey late! Why don't you share a warm fire and a delicious meal with a fellow wayfarer. After all, 

'For toils of life with strength we're blest, 
Yet, at end of day the soul must rest.'" 

The young Prophet halted and looked at the man beckoning him, perhaps with a slight bit of misgiving at the oddity of his words. However, the appearance of his fellow traveler seemed kindly enough. The stranger stood, somewhat large, lacking most of the hair on his head. No beard covered his face and his neck accommodated at least one too many chins. He was waving his hand and arm in an almost frantic motion, but his broad smile and twinkling eyes, disarmed Nathan's sense of caution almost immediately.
"You are very kind sir," Nathan replied as he neared the man's fire. "Your food does, indeed, smell delicious, and I have not eaten for many hours. But still, I do not wish to intrude!"
"Nonsense! Come warm yourself by my fire, while I fill a bowl, so that you may join me. If I must say so myself, I make a wonderful stew, and I have prepared more than I could ever possibly eat, though, as you can see, I am capable of eating a handsome amount," he laughingly remarked and then added, "Come be seated!"
With that, Nathan walked closer and sat down upon the warm earth beside the fire, and, again, thanked the man for his kindness. It felt so good to rest his body and he suddenly realized just how exhausted he had become. The fire felt wonderful as well. As he became comfortable, his eyes fell upon a rather large pot of stew seated to one side of the fire, simmering on a bed of hot coals. "I am Jair the Moabite of the house of Lordaina. I am a seller of fine merchandise. That is, of trinkets and jewelry. And may I inquire as to your name?" 
The man smiled broadly as he took up a dipper, and, after glancing for a moment at the youth, placed it deep into the stew, and heaved up a large helping. 
"I am, Nathan, of the house of Dirytica of Bethel," Nathan responded in a friendly tone to match the stranger’s.
"Oh, and may I ask you, Nathan of Bethel, where your travels take you?" 
"Well, I am on my way to see the King at Jerusalem,” Nathan again replied, but this time a bit more shyly, knowing that if he were asked on what business he truly would be at a loss to answer.
Jair then handed Nathan a large, rounded clay bowl, full of rich stew with meat and herbs, which smelled more wonderful than anything he had consumed in a long while. 
"Perchance, I caught several good sized quail in the brush, so tonight we eat like kings!" The man then lifted the lid off a smaller clay oven, and placed two barley cakes, which had been toasted to a golden crispness, on a small plate, and handed those to Nathan as well. He filled a cup to the brim with fresh, cool water, which he sat down beside the cakes for Nathan and then took up his own bowl and began his meal. As Nathan observed all of this he could not help but think how much it appeared as if the man expected company to join him!
While eating, the two fell into pleasant conversation and Nathan at once felt wonderfully comfortable in doing so. The man was so full of cheer and laughed a great and pleasant laugher. It was refreshing to Nathan just to be there. 
The stew was very pleasing to his taste so that when the Moabite asked to fill his bowl again, he could not refuse. The barley cakes had been fried in oil and seasoned lightly with herbs that he was unfamiliar with; Nathan thought them more delicious than any he had ever eaten!
When they had completed the meal, Jair handed Nathan a large cup of grape wine and bid him sit back and relax. They talked while the fire burned down to embers. As the evening went by, Nathan began to tell the Moabite more and more of his troubles. Somehow, it felt good to at least somewhat disclose the deep confusions of his mind, even if it was to a man who was a perfect stranger. He told the Moabite all about the recent years of his life, as well as the events that had left him so full of questions. 
"When I was very young and just starting out," Nathan continued, "I was sure that I had the answers. All was so plain and perfect. I had dreams and visions of things that only the Lord God could have shown me. Yet, in time, He grew silent and I found myself searching for the answers to many questions. Years have gone by, and, yet, there was no word or sign from God." The young man paused a moment and took another sip of his drink. 
With a pleasant tone Jair interjected. 
"Well I have heard it said . . .

'As looming sun at end of day, before it disappears, 
are thoughts of heart that God confused, which once seemed very clear.'" 

Nathan lightly smiled, not being sure just what the man was saying, though he tried to ponder his words for a moment, then he continued talking. "Then, last night as I prepared for bed . . . I had my first vision or dream in many years. But, perhaps you do not even believe in such things.” Nathan halted and looked the Moabite in the eyes, waiting for his reply. 
"Oh, I believe in the mystery of the God who created all things. Dreams, I believe, are a place where one layer of the finite is peeled away for a moment, and we come a breath closer to the divine."
The young Prophet took that answer and the congenial smile that the man clenched the statement with in warm-hearted trust and continued to talk. "Well, as I said, all that has now changed! I don't know the meaning of it, but just last night, an angel of the Lord stood by my bed, and told me I was to go up to Jerusalem! He said that once I was there he would appear to me again and tell me what my work is to be! The wonderful thing about that was how good it felt to know that I had not been abandoned by the Lord God, for my careless deeds. I wish I could say that all the matters that confound my heart had been dispelled but, alas, it has not been so. Yet, I am very glad, on the other hand, just to know that I am not rejected as his servant! I still search for answers to many things."
"And your people, the Moabites, do you worship the one God of heaven and earth?"
"Well, while it is true that many who dwell in Moab worship at Baal's temple, it is also true, that many still hold to the original beliefs of our fathers. And, as you know, Terah was the Father of our people, as well as yours. The Moabites are the children of Lot, and many still reverence the old ways. But, sometimes in life it is possible for two people to speak of the same thing but call it by different names! I think, with God, it is the righteous heart that matters."
Nathan pondered this for some time, as he sipped the wine and looked into the soft flickering flames. 
After a brief time of silence, Jair looked once again at Nathan and asked. "So, your vision, does it mean that you have business with the King himself? That would be most exciting!"
"Oh, truly, I cannot say that I look forward to it, but, yes I am certain that it concerns the King, though I do not know how. In my heart I feel that this King who now sits upon the throne in Hebron is . . . well . . . forgive me if I seem rash, but I cannot believe that he was truly God's choice. I believe that the Lord God will yet set things right in Israel, and the descendants of the house of Saul will once again sit upon the throne at Gibeah. Yet I . . . I do not declare that as being the word of the Lord!" Nathan's hesitance was obvious, and, after making the rather brash statement, he hushed and took another several sips of wine.
The two men continued to talk like long-separated brothers even as they laid out their beds upon the earth. After Jair threw several more fair sized pieces of wood on the fire he pulled his quilt up around him, and looked up into the night sky. "You have not told me of any fortunate maiden in your life," the Moabite teased, "I am certain that one exists. Will marriage be sooner or later in your well charted plans?" And then he laughed pleasantly as he listened for Nathan's reply. 
At those words, Nathan, who had also lain down under his blanket, suddenly rose up on one arm and answered in a rather anxious tone. "Oh, that is the great question of my life. Indeed, there is someone special to me, and I love her very much, but great questions loom concerning that as well. I pray, but I cannot seem to find the answer. Yesterday, before the vision, I was ready to propose to her, thinking God had surely disqualified me as his Prophet, but now, this great thing has occurred and, in some ways, I am more confused than ever. I wish I knew the answer.” He was silent again for some time before adding. "She has waited so long all ready, I could not blame her if she forsook me. I just wish the answers could be clear. I fear making the wrong decision!"
"Well, that reminds me of an old Canaanite poem. Would you like to hear it?"
"Very much so, Nathan answered, trying to sound convincing."
"Very well, it goes like this . . . 

Stars, they travel on course decreed, 
before our days so long. 
So why my life by God's design
Have not a right or wrong
We're not as the Cherubim, 
of lowly dust we stir, 
failure fills the heart as much 
as triumph would occur. 
All happens by the will of God 
Both good and bad we spin
And weave the life He meant for us, 
the one that pleases Him . . . . 

The words were truly more gripping than Nathan had expected, and he repeated some of the lines over in his head. Somehow, too, they were comforting to him. Yet with all of that and, as the words twirled around in his head, he soon fell fast asleep.

The young prophet was awakened early the next morning by the light singing and humming of the cheerful Moabite. When he saw Nathan rousing up he spoke rather loudly. Aw, you are just in time for a delicious breakfast! If I must say so myself, I fix a wonderful pot of porridge and wild berries. As you can see, I have most certainly fixed more than I could ever possibly eat on my own, though once or twice in my life I may have ventured dangerously close to eliminating a quantity of similar proportions!" The Moabite again laughed heartily as he waited for Nathan to wash his face, after which, he placed a large bowl of fresh porridge in front of him. He then added a small plate with three fig cakes placed on it to the young man's meal. 
"I don't know how to thank you for all your kindness. May God bless you for your generosity on my behalf.” 
After eating and talking a bit, the two men both prepared for the day's journey. Nathan again thanked the man for his kindness and expressed that he hoped their paths would one day cross again. With that, he took up his prophet's staff, and, after saying his farewells, started off down the road that would take him south to Jerusalem. 
The Moabite watched for a long while until the last glimpse of the young man's figure disappeared. Then, as he turned to load his final wares into the wagon, he spotted a glimmer on the earth near the fire where Nathan had been seated. Slowly he walked to the spot where it lay, and picked it up. It was a lovely red gem encased in a square plate of gold about the size of a man's thumb. The Moabite squeezed it in his hand, and then looked again in the direction that Nathan had traveled. "I was wondering how this was going to work. I think I have a better idea now!” He smiled as he placed the pendant in one of his deepest pockets for safe keeping and, after loading his wagon, he also took to the road, headed north! 
**********
The young King had been bothered by a certain indefinable feeling of unrest from the very day he departed Hebron with his men in route to Jerusalem. There was an uncertainness about his plans that troubled him deeply. From his youngest years he had entertained the conviction that Jerusalem should be the center of both government and worship for all of Israel. In David's mind the place was sacred. For centuries it had been occupied by a righteous people who had preserved its sanctity at great cost. 
It was here, at Salem, which was the name given to this ancient city by the Canaanites, that Abraham, many centuries before, had met and showed great reverence to Melchizedek, a righteous priest who dwelt there. The patriarch had given him a tithe of all his vast wealth and honored him greatly with the recognition that he was a holy man who presided over a righteous people. It was here that Abraham, later in his journeys, showed himself willing to offer Isaac, his son, up to God in sacrifice on mount Moriah but the Lord, instead, provided His own lamb. 
There was no other place in all the earth like it and David's heart had been long set on conquering the city and making it the capital of the Hebrew nation. However, Salem had changed much over the centuries and was now a very different place than that which Abraham had known. Those that now inhabited the place lived there in a large city fortress that, by all appearances, was impenetrable. They were the people referred to as Jebusites, and they called the name of their fortress city Jebus instead of Salem. 
David was well aware that these were not the same Jebusites that God had commanded Israel to drive out of the land and forbade intermarriage with. Rather, they were one of the ancient peoples who were children of Cannon, Noah's son. It was not uncommon, even in earlier days, for the Canaanites to be lumped together as all being one race of people, but this was not the case. Centuries before they had splintered off into many different groups who lived by different codes and worshiped a variety of different deities. A large part of them held to the same God as Israel, though, at times, they may have referred to him by a different name. Such were the people in Abraham's day and such were the people living there now. David had no intention of destroying the people of Jebus, but he did plan on taking the city as God had commanded centuries before. 
It was also true that, while Jebus was, for the most part, a peaceful city, it had a council of elders who were foreigners. In the not so distant past the city had been infiltrated by the Hittite people of the north, a great and powerful people, and they had to a large degree, taken control of Jebus. David had sent emissaries to the city walls with proposals that would grant the inhabitants of Jebus total freedom if they surrendered the fortress, but the elders rebuffed the proposals arrogantly. Now David was left with the task of conquering the city!
**********
It was with a growing sense of curiosity that David examined the young man brought before him in his tent. The youth was pleasing in appearance and presented himself as rather quiet and lacking pretentiousness. 
At last the King spoke. "You need not fear me. I have no ill intention toward you."
"I do not fear you, my Lord!" Nathan responded more abruptly than intended and wished he had replied differently. 
However, the words stuck in David's mind and, for a moment, he grew slightly angry. "Well, certainly not! Why fear the King who holds the power of life and death in his hands?" He replied, in a somewhat provoked tone of voice. "Well, since you have no fear of the King, at least humor me by sharing who you are and why you have come into my camp unbidden."
Nathan straightened up to stand tall, holding his staff in his right hand. He was determined to execute his business in the fashion he knew a prophet should, devoid of fear or intimidation. However, at that very moment Nathan was aware of different convictions stirring within him. David was not at all the man that he had imagined. He was not supercilious or arrogant. Indeed, quite the opposite! Nathan wondered even as he made ready to reply. “I am Nathan, son of Dirytica of the house of Benjamin. I am a prophet and I came here because I was told to come to this place in a vision two nights ago!” He answered forthrightly. 
"Oh, and what is it that you have to say to me, young prophet?"
At this point Nathan suddenly grew somewhat embarrassed, knowing that he had no idea what he was to say to the King or what the purpose of his being sent to him was even all about. 
"I . . . ah . . . I'm not sure what I'm to . . . I don't' know. That is, it has not yet been revealed to me!" Nathan looked down at the earth for a moment, and unconsciously twisted his left foot slightly into the dirt. 
For some reason, and he wasn't really sure why, as David looked at Nathan standing before him he became very much taken with this young man who called himself a prophet. As he looked into his face, in an effort to sum up what kind of person was coming to him in this manner, he felt a certain affection stirring within him. Nonetheless, he remained aloof. "Well, perhaps you might tell me, at least, on what order it might have been. Perhaps, concerning my business in this place, or, maybe, to reveal the will of the Lord God for the execution of a battle plan, or something of that nature. Please, feel free to share it with me now!"
"I'm sure it was a rebuke, my Lord!" Nathan spoke, but so softly, that David was not sure he heard correctly. 
"I'm sorry I don't think I heard you, could you repeat that?” 
Nathan, now realizing how foolish his statement sounded, hesitated to say the words again, but, then, after summoning all of his determination, repeated himself. "A rebuke, my Lord. I'm sure it was a rebuke."
David was not sure whether to be angry or to laugh, but one thing he did know at that very moment, he very much liked the young man, Nathan! Never, since Jonathan, had anyone seemed so honest and pure, and his heart was greatly moved by the strength of the young man's, perhaps unmerited, yet, stalwart resolve. After all, he was standing before the King, and no matter what the young Benjamite prophet implied, he surely found it, at least, somewhat difficult to address the King in this manner. 
“Besides,” David thought, “it may be true that God wishes to rebuke me. I am certainly not above it.” In the King's heart the whole situation was beyond strange, yet, he made up his mind not to dismiss it. Still, the hour was growing late and he felt it time to end the discussion at this time. "Well, then my friend, you are free to go and, in days to come, if the Lord should finish his message to you, please, let me know the nature of it." David knew his words bordered on being a bit demeaning, but he did nothing to soften them and decided rather to wait and see if anything came of this. 
Nathan bowed his head ever so slightly and went out from the King, feeling like a bigger fool than ever. His steps became rapid, and at the moment, all he wanted to do was leave this place. "Why is God doing this to me? Am I a prophet or not? I just can't wait until everyone in Israel, hears of the young man that tells the King he has a rebuke coming from God, but at the time he is not actually sure what it is! Why did I speak at all until I had learned more? It was the wrong thing to do! When am I going to learn?” Nathan felt disgraced and, in his mind, was ready to take his journey home! Yet, it was late and the King had given his men orders allowing him to remain near the city if he wished.
 
The feelings of abandonment only gathered more intensity as the young prophet lay his head back on the quilt he had spread out and prepared to sleep. At sundown he found a place that offered him a good bit of solitude, and made a small camp, fixed his dinner and prepared to sleep. The place was a natural rock causeway between two raised hills and provided him a soft, sandy floor to sleep on. As he thought on these things and looked up at the stars, his heart was greatly disquieted. For the first time in his life he truly wondered if God were not somehow playing games with him. Or were his visions even real? He had never felt the way he did tonight, not ever before in his life. Tonight he truly wished he had never dreamed a dream or seen a vision.
Again, for the first time, he truly wished that he were just an ordinary person who could marry the person he loved and just settle down to life. The whole conversation with the King had been most unsettling and he wished he could just forget it and go back home! In the mind of the young oracle, his life now seemed worse than it had been two days ago. It was like a cup turned upside down with its contents poured out! 
As his mind wrestled with all these things he, nearly unconsciously, reached his hand into his cloak, and took hold of the pendant at the end of the necklace. His very first touch told him something was wrong! The shape was not the same. Quickly he pulled the pendant out and, as he raised up and held it in his hand to examine it, he saw that the plate that held the red ruby was missing. Somehow the hook that held the small, metal arm had broken off and allowed the plate to slide out and apparently fall to the ground. 
Nathan jumped to his feet where he examined every inch of his clothing and, then, all the earth around him as far as the small fire would allow. At last, with a powerful sense of despondency and grief, he sat down and placed his head in his hands. His heart was distraught as feelings of anguish assailed him from every side. "What more could happen?" He uttered to himself as he slumped back over on his bed, his mind saturated with feelings of complete hopelessness. As he lay there with a very troubled heart, his weary mind at last found relief as a deep and profound slumber overtook him.
 
For some long while the young prophet lay deep in the soothing tranquility of repose. Then suddenly, a voice spoke his name from a distance. "Nathan, servant of the Lord God, rise up and hear my words!"
It seemed, in the mind of the young, troubled prophet, that the words repeated many times from a great and faraway place before they finally called him completely out of his slumber. Slowly, as he became more conscious of the soft glow within the confines of the narrow causeway, his mind returned to wakeful awareness. Across from him, only two or three steps at most, stood the same figure that had spoken to him three nights past. "I am Zenmarria of the Lord's great host. I have been appointed to walk with you, for your work is great, and has many enemies, and you shall be a Prophet to the house of David, and the nation of Israel in these troubled times."
At that moment the angel bent down closer and looked Nathan in the face. His hand was lifted in a gesture of peace and his great wings were spread wide. The glowing, radiant face of the creature was so unspeakably beautiful that, for long moments, Nathan's attention was transfixed and he found it difficult to think of anything else. Yet, after a short time, the being spoke again, breaking him free of the entranced state his mind was in. “Unto the King is given the crucial task of establishing Israel as a nation which shall, in the fullness of time, bless the whole earth! For the place where you lie is exceedingly sacred. Rise up, for your work is very great!"
Nathan had now shaken off the slackness of sleep completely and was astonished at the words of his strange visitor. There was also fear within him, for this was not as in times past, in which his spirit was within a dream. The prophet was, at this moment, well aware, that everything about him was very real. It was no dream and the angel was a powerful and awesome figure! Quickly, he fell to his knees and began to worship for the sight before him was so enthralling that it left his body weak, and he trembled. 
"Arise, Nathan, servant to the Most High God. I am not to be worshiped, but am only a warrior among a vast company of warrior Cherubim. It is our task to help in the great work that the Lord our God has appointed unto you!"
Nathan, still deeply astonished by his surroundings, rose upward on his knees to speak when he at last found the strength to do so. “You say that I am to be a Prophet to the house of David? Have I been wrong, then, concerning David of Bethlehem. Is he chosen to be King of all Israel?" 
"King David is truly chosen, and is greatly loved by the Lord God. From a youth, his soul has been very pure, and with his whole heart he sought the Lord God. His heart is righteous before God. Therefore, will God use him to save Israel from all her enemies!"
Nathan looked down at the earth as his mind grappled with these thoughts. Everything was happening so quickly and the presence of the Cherubim was affecting him deeply. Still, the truth of the words fell upon his heart, like a great ocean wave, threatening to sweep him away. His hands came up to cover his face, and he suddenly felt deeply distraught. "Once again I have been foolish! It did not seem right to me that the house of Saul should forever fall away. And so I have spoken foolishly. How will the Lord God ever put confidence in me, for I see now that I lack understanding? How can I ever be a Prophet of the Lord?"
"Nathan, you, too, are greatly beloved of the Lord, for you waited upon Him when you were tested. Only learn to search your heart well before you speak and know the voice of the Lord. But all these things will come, and you should know this, above all things, the Lord is not disappointed but highly pleased. You shall surely do great things in Israel!"
"Now arise, for I have been instructed to show you many things, for you are greatly favored."
Then, Nathan looked up at the majestic figure and spoke. "Please suffer with me, as I inquire of you this one thing. I wish to understand who you are and who are the Cherubim?"
"I can only tell you that which is permitted. I am Zenmarria, second under Michael the Prince of Israel. The Cherubim are the highest race of beings under the Lord God. Among the Cherubim there is no rivalry and great love abounds! Yet, in many ways we are the servants of man and our delight is to advance their righteous cause. Every child of Adam with a righteous heart in this world has many Cherubim appointed as guardians. Every soul that has been entrusted with great tasks has many more Cherubim appointed. I, and many that are with me, have been appointed unto you, for your work shall be great!"
"They guard us, then, from the black spirits such as I witnessed in my vision at the cave in the hills of Gilboa?"
"That is true. From the beginning Ha-Satan craved to be worshiped and so rebelled against the Lord God. When he and those that rebelled with him were cast down to this realm it became his great endeavor to entice man to worship himself. He became the God of this world. But, any child of Adam that does not bow to him instantly becomes a target to the Sabari and they desire to crush him so that he might not spread sedition among the race of men. But the Cherubim race has been appointed to prevent that."
"The Cherubim was not always a race of warriors. We became such when man was created so that we might offer a counter influence to evil and defend the righteous. After the regeneration of all things the Cherubim will put down his sword forever. It will no longer be needed!"
"But, I cannot speak more of these matters for they are meant to be hidden that man might live by faith and be tested. Come now, and rise up, for I have many things that I must reveal to your spirit!"
Slowly Nathan rose as the Cherubim Zenmarria reached out and wrapped the fingers of his hand around the lower part of his right arm to steady him. 
The Prophet's mind was flooded with questions he wished to ask the angel but, as he stood to his feet, further miraculous happenings began to transpire around him. The ground began to spin rapidly as if it was on a pivot and he at the center. A great, vaporous and glowing mist came up from the earth like water around his feet and enfolded the young Prophet in its light. 
But, just as quickly as it came, the mist began to fade, Nathan realized by the shapes of the valleys and hills about him that he was in the same place, yet, all things were different! The night had vanished and it was now bright daylight! There was no causeway and he and Zenmarria stood on the slope of a hillside. Near them, close by, was a man of advanced age standing over a young boy bound and lying out on a pile of firewood, ready to be offered as a sacrifice. 
Nathan knew who it was instantly, but before he had time to ponder this, he noticed that the sun suddenly became dimmed by an exceedingly large shadow cast over him by a great creature standing upon the earth behind them. As he turned to look Zenmarria pulled his arm close and warned him not to lay his eyes upon the creature. 
Nathan looked again at the man near the pile of wood who stood before them. He had now taken up a great and lengthy dagger and was holding it over the bewildered boy, tensely. The Prophet then heard the great, black creature behind him as he cursed and hissed, speaking dark words that reverberated strangely. "Kill the child! Take the life of the miraculous one forever! KILL HIM!"
Plainly, the man before them did not hear the words but, just then, a great light came forth and a white spirit like Zenmarria appeared and spoke.

"Abraham! Do not touch this child and do him no harm, for GOD WILL PROVIDE A LAMB! Understand that what I now say to you is of great importance, and these are my words to you. Know that by this very child, shall all the nations of the earth be blessed."

Then, to Nathan's astonishment, the black spirit standing behind him screeched as if his body had been pierced with a thousand arrows. "The Messiah!" A raspy voice cried out, and Nathan though it the most hideous sound that had ever fallen upon his ears! "I will crush Messiah! When He appears! I will crush Messiah forever!! I WILL DEFEAT AND DESTROY MESSIAH!" The blackness of the shadow and the screaming voice that emanated from it, repeating the words several times, slowly faded away. 
As Nathan pondered all of this, the mist, again, rose up around his feet until he was unable to discern his surroundings. Yet, once again, as it cleared, he found himself upon the same earth, in the same place, only this time he saw at once a great and elaborate temple. Its fine craftsmanship was astounding, a work of unsurpassed beauty! The people were gathered in great masses and worshiped and, there, in the midst of them, a man of royalty stood in costly apparel and spoke lofty words and prayed as he dedicated the temple. The Prophet looked intently upon the man and the temple, however, it too faded away very quickly! 
A third time the earth spun and the light of the mist, like a great vaporous cloud, came up around Nathan's feet. It was very thick and concealed all things. Yet. when this faded away, in its place was a most breathtaking vision, glorious and incomprehensible. As he looked, his mind was astonished at seeing great lions lying at the doors of palaces while children played with their long, golden manes. Glorious creatures flew in the heavens and also glided downward to alight upon the earth! As he continued to look, he saw what, by man, were considered wild beasts, but these were grazing peacefully in the vast, green fields all about him. The air was tinted soft blue and sparkled, and breathing it in made one feel as if it was bringing powerful life into the body and soul. A soft and gentle breeze wafted across his skin, and just its gentle touch felt tremendously invigorating. 
As he turned his head to look about, his eyes were filled with wonderment, taking in lush bodies of greenery, of glorious flowers and plants, which grew in such abundance as to astound the mind. There was no thorn or weeds or anything whatsoever disruptive or lacking beauty. The hills of Jerusalem were no longer rock and pine, but deep green forests of glorious splendor! 
Then, a staggering sight caught his attention. Before him tigers and lambs lay together at the door of a great and magnificent temple! A temple so illustrious as to be unearthly, and the Prophet's mind could not absorb the whole of it, or its glorious meaning! 
The sky above was a dark, deep, rich blue, and, yet its depth did not diminish the glow of the city, as the light of the temple radiated outward in tranquil abundance and filled all with such brilliance as to be utterly spellbinding to the young Prophet beholding it!. 
It was this same light, the light of the temple, so unspeakably glorious, as it emanated to the north, south, west and east, which filled the Prophet's mind. He knew it was not just a light, but this light was a being, a heavenly being, and, moreover, as he listened, he could hear repetitious whispering. The whispers were low and hushed and Nathan was not sure from whence they came. Continuously they were repeated. "Messiah . . . Messiah . . . Messiah!" 
The astonished young Prophet continued to drink in the scenes before him and the temple with all it fascination! The radiance of its beams filled his soul with unquenchable desire as it flowed over and through his being, and made him cry out in tremendous joy, which was mighty and unthinkable, so much so, that his body began to tremble with the wondrous effect, at which time all was sucked away into a vortex of light, and Nathan lay upon the earth, not breathing, as if dead!
Zenmarria placed his hand upon the young Prophet, and his life returned. Great warmth and strength came into his body and he stood upon his feet and looked into the face of the mighty angel. 
Zenmarria spoke, "Do you know what you have looked upon?"
Nathan's mind was still reeling from the vision and he felt deeply awed. He spoke with some difficulty. "It was an overpowering experience! Some of it I do understand, but much of it I do not! Please, tell me, what is the meaning of the vision?"
"The first vision was of this very place in generations past. It was here that Abraham proved himself willing to offer up his only son, and called the name of this place: The LORD WILL PROVIDE, because the Angel of the Lord said, ‘I WILL PROVIDE A LAMB!’ For it is here that God provided a ram to take the place of the Patriarch's son. And surely, that lamb will one day take to place of all mankind! For the lamb that he provided spoke, too, of a very glorious future event! The whole affair was, in itself, a foreshadowing of marvelous things to come, things that you cannot fully understand as yet, for here the Lord God uttered the second of only a few great and ancient prophecies concerning the birth of Messiah. But Ha-Satan was present and heard it as well. With keen and evil perception, he grasped that the Lord God had sent Abraham to a very specific location, even mount Moriah, which is this mountain on which we now stand!” 
“From that day onward, the black spirit, who was Ha-Satan, the great evil one, understood that Messiah would forever have a connection to this place, though he could not understand all of its significance. For that reason the Great Evil One purposed to build an exceedingly great stronghold to prevent this place from ever falling into the hands of the children of Abraham. You know it as the city of Jebus. Abraham knew it as Salem, home of a righteous people and a righteous King, even the priest, Malkasedek. But you, Nathan, will understand more concerning this in days to come."
"Now concerning the second vision, it was of a future occurrence, and the man you saw presiding over a temple, which is to be built here, was the son of David, who shall, indeed, build a great house of worship in this place. And one day all the earth shall come up to this place to worship the Lord God, for He has decreed it.”
Nathan stood amazed at all that was being told him. "Will I live to see this in my day?"
"You will see this in your years but only just barely. For at that time, you shall surely be at the evening of your days!"
Zenmarria let Nathan ponder all these things for a short while. "The last vision is for you, for you are greatly beloved. It is the time of the great regeneration, when the glory of the Lord will truly fill the whole earth. The light of the Lord will, at that time, be the life and sustenance of the children of Adam, who will have been transformed into something more glorious than your mind can now comprehend! The Cherubim call these the Children of Eternity, and it is our honorable task to aid them to this end."
"What you have been given is a mere glimpse of something which, in its fullness, you can never look upon in this body, for it is not just the witnessing of the great evil that can destroy your body, but also the unspeakable good. Its glory is so much more, in reality, than what you saw here that if you looked upon it, as it truly exists, your body could not sustain it! Its power would consume you."
"Is this the end for all mankind, then? Is this where our fathers abide?" Nathan asked, his eyes fixed upon the glorious creature to whom he inquired.
"This is what you will come to call the House of the Lord, His dwelling place! To this place mankind will one day transcend. But not all of mankind! All the children of man could choose the Lord God but not all, in reality, will do so. Upon this cornerstone of knowledge did the Lord God set forth his intentions with great love toward the righteous. Only those who exhibit hearts that truly love Him will transcend. All others of mankind are only here to test the righteous. In time their place will be no more, but the righteous shall ascend into the place of the Lord God when they are given bodies that will sustain existence there. For Messiah will take them from all nations and out from among all the children of men." Zenmarria again paused a long while, allowing the young Prophet to think on these things. 
"This day I have felt the glory and, with my eyes, I have looked upon it and, though I have only experienced a small part of it, it does not matter. With all my heart I desire to transcend even now!"
"You cannot! It is not your appointed time. At this moment you are asleep and when you awaken, this will seem as a dream, and the glory of it, greatly reduced, so that you might endure!" 
"Your work is great. And by your sacred devotion to it you add to the greatness of the place you shall have once you are there in that existence. Not only that, but you shall be given a name according to your work, though now, being in this body, if you even heard the name uttered in the heavenly tongue you would die forthright! Your name will relate to your purpose as it is decreed by the Lord God, and once it is pronounced, you will take your place in upholding the existence of all things, but that is for a time to come. I cannot speak more of it now!"
Again Nathan fell to his knees, so greatly was he overwhelmed by all that he had seen and heard! His mind was in a whirl as he looked up again at the mighty Cherubim to speak, but Zenmarria forbade it. 
"It is time for you to return to sleep. Also, listen to my words now carefully. I will give unto you yet another dream and you will know it as the same dream that King David will also have this very night. Tell him of the dream and he will listen to you concerning all things that he is to accomplish. But, after you dream the first dream, I will also give you a second and, in it you shall see how God will give you the power to deliver this city into the hands of God's anointed!"
With these words the great creature turned about as if to walk away but, as he did, he spoke yet once more over his shoulder. "I desire for you peace in abundance, Nathan!" At those words Nathan, the young Prophet of the Lord, returned to his sleep and slept deeply while he lay upon the earth.
 ********** 
The earliest rays of morning light were peeking over the eastern hilltops as Nathan arose. Without eating he made his way quickly to the King's location. 
The young monarch had just departed his tent with intentions to meet his generals and form an attack plan concerning Jebus. His mind was very determined and that for good reason! A dream in the night in which the elders of Jebus taunted him had sparked a resolve to conquer the city, regardless of the difficulties it presented. 
The dream had been a result of an interaction that David had with the Jebusite rulers just two days earlier at which time the five elders stood upon the high walls of Jebus as David stood surveying the great wall and fortress. They called out to him in a contemptible and jeering manner, "You will not get in here. Even the blind and the lame can ward you off!" 
The Jebusites had good reason for being boastful. First of all, seated as it was on the very crest of the mountain, it was impossible to take the city by surprise. Further, the walls were so high that any number of men with the tallest of ladders were easily struck down to their deaths by the arrows of the archers which lined its towering ledges. Layers of large stone had been piled extremely high and deep behind the entrance gate so that ramming it would obviously be completely futile! Truly, the city appeared impregnable!
However, the fortress did present one slight flaw if, in truth, it could be called that. It had a shaft located inside the walls that went down between the rocks some forty feet where the earth leveled out on the floor of a large cavern. Here a sizable pool, or cistern, existed from which the city's supply of water came. At the top of this natural rock shaft the Jebusites had placed a great stone fortress and this was manned by a large number of soldiers at all times. Even if the men could somehow navigate the shaft itself, they would have a small army of men waiting for them when they appeared at the top. 
David's men did have access to the lower cavern where the spring was located, and it might even be possible to defeat the smaller fortress of soldiers located there, at the Gihon Spring, which was the source of the pool’s water. But then, to take men up a shaft some forty feet and be able to overcome a battalion of warriors seemed all but hopeless. David was aware that large storage systems of water had already been taken inside the city so that a siege of water would literally take months, time which he did not have! All of these things filled the mind of the King, as he directed his steps toward the walls of Jebus. 
As Nathan neared the tent of the King, he was stopped by two guards who demanded that he turn around and depart. When he insisted that he must see the King, they both took him by the arms, one on each side, and began to pull him away rather roughly.
It was at that point that Nathan first saw David leaving his tent and. as he was being wrestled away by the guards, he called out to the King. "Sire, I must see you on a matter of great urgency!"
David, whose mind was already in a rather agitated state prompted by his concerns over battling for the city, called back in a rather abrupt tone. "You must save your rebukes for another time, young Prophet, I have a battle to fight this day! I will not see you this morning!"
With that he turned back to continue his brisk walking in the other direction. Nathan knew that he must talk to the King this very morning, and so, in desperation, he called out, "Your dream last night, it was peculiar, was it not Sire?"
David halted in his steps and slowly turned around with a curious look upon his face. He stood gazing at the young man for several minutes and then, with a quick pace, he approached to within a few feet of where Nathan stood. "Do not waste my time with nonsense, my friend, for I am not in a mood to be reckoned with. What do you mean by a ‘peculiar’ dream, and how come you to make mention of such a thing?"
It was true that David had experienced a very strange dream but he had mentioned it to no one. At the same time he also knew the young man might be guessing such a thing to gain an audience. He stood and waited for Nathan's reply with a rather impatient expression on his face. 
"Did you not dream of the Elders of Jebus last night, Sire?"
David stared for a long while into the eyes of the young man held by the two guards. At last he motioned that they loosen their hold and set the young man free. The mind of the King was, without question, deeply struck with the words the man had spoken. 
"Sire, if you will permit, not only can I tell you this, but I can also relate to you the very details of your dream. But, I ask you, my Lord, may we enter your tent to speak in private?"
David's attention, at this point, was definitely arrested and a slight sense of wonder was beginning to emerge within his mind. One thing he knew for sure was that the youth before him offered no danger to his person. So, after waving his guards away, he extended his hand and arm, motioning for Nathan to enter his tent. Once there, David quickly began to question him. "I think I am fair at discerning hearts and I believe that yours is, at least in the right place, but I must tell you that I have no time this morning for foolery. What is it that you mean when you speak of my dream concerning the Elders of Jebus? Perhaps you have spoken to my men and know of their recent chiding me and only suspect that I have dreamed about it so that I might be taken in by you. Do not insult me. I will not play the fool in some scheme you have in mind. If you are truly a Prophet, which I gravely question, and have been shown something concerning this matter, then speak to me quickly!"
Nathan was not in the least offended by the King's blunt words for, in his mind, upon remembering the conversation of the day before, he realized fully that he had earned them! With an humble demeanor he began to relate to the King, his own dream. "My Lord, last night you dreamed a dream. And in that dream you were in a great house of plenty, but it was completely devoid of all other persons. You were alone! Completely and utterly alone! Thereafter, of a sudden you grew exceedingly hungry! Your hunger was astonishing and it threatened to devour you. Upon realizing this, you made haste and sought the room where fine and scrumptious meals would be served in the great house, and went there to prepare yourself food." 
"In that place you found a magnificent room filled with an assortment of utensils and cooking wares. Further, in your dream there were ovens, large and small, and tables and racks of all manner. Also, in the midst of your dream you looked upon row after row of shelves filled with all manner of vessels, brimming with a great variety of grains and other goods. Looking intently, your eyes fell upon the top shelf where there stood five enormous clay vessels of grain, each of them as tall as a man. The longer you gazed upon these, the more fascinated you were until, at last, the clay vessels started to bestir and take the shape of men and were given faces as well as voices with which to speak. At last, as you continued to observe, the men became familiar to you and you recognized them as the five Elders of Jebus." 
"From high above you they began again to taunt you as they had in real life and you grew exceedingly angry. Upon looking about, you saw at once that there was no way to reach them, for they were very high and there was nothing that you could possibly do to stop their arrogant taunts and jeers. Your hunger for their conquest was as great as your hunger for food had been just moments before. At that time, Sire, you awoke and sat alone in your tent, profoundly amazed at the dream!"
As King David looked upon the young Prophet, his face grew pale. He could not, or did not, speak. 
At last Nathan spoke again. "Sire, is this not true?"
His words brought David out of his trance and he shook his head and answered. "Yes. Yes, it is true."
At this point, being relieved of his immediate fear, Nathan remembered the conversation of the day before and once again he felt the weight of his foolishness before the King. "Sire, I wish to say that I . . . ," and at this point Nathan, who felt ashamed by his prior words, looked down at the earth as if it were hard to look the King in the eyes. "I wish to say, that I could not fall down low enough before you, my Lord. I have been very foolish Sire. Please forgive me! I thought the kingdom should belong to the House of Saul. I . . . I did not understand. But, in a vision last night it was revealed to me that you are God’s chosen king. I am ashamed of my words, Sire. I have been very foolish."
David, who was still very much trying to grasp the significance of the young Prophet's words, was now utterly amazed that the man who had just told him his dream of the night should, in any manner whatsoever, feel it necessary to apologize, and indeed, he still found it hard to find words himself. 
"No! Most assuredly not! It is I that should be humbled before you! Both yesterday and this morning, I carelessly made light of your claim of being a servant of the Lord God delivering a message to me. In my pride I overlooked you because of your youth and, in so doing, have nearly spurned the message of the Lord. How quickly I have forgotten that it was this same God that spoke to me while I was a lad much younger than you when He told me that I should one day be King. Indeed, of the two of us, I have truly been the more foolish."
At this point David turned to the young Prophet again and urged him. "Tell me all that the Lord God has spoken unto you concerning me, for I am ready to hear that which He speaks."
At this, however, Nathan turned to one side and spoke softly as almost with fear. "I . . . I cannot, Sire. I must ask you to follow my instructions. I cannot tell you what I am about to do, but I ask you to please trust me when I tell you that the Lord has given this place into your hands this very day. Not by a great battle, for today the Lord Himself shall fight on your behalf, and the city shall be taken without bloodshed!"
David walked around to face him, his countenance again covered with an expression of profound astonishment! Nonetheless, he quickly composed himself, knowing that the man that stood before him was truly a Prophet from God. He had no problem trusting him. "You need not be slow to ask of me what you will. The man who can tell me the very details of my dreams has convinced me that he is the Lord's Prophet. I will hear your words. Only tell me what I must do!"
"Sire, you must arm two hundred of your best men with nothing but daggers in the sheaths upon their legs and shields upon their backs tied loosely with ropes around their shoulders. At the time appointed, give the signal and these men will climb up the water shaft and take the city. But, wait for me and, when all things are ready, I will, myself, direct you."
David nodded in compliance. "Consider it done. I will stand near the waterway and await your word." David replied. 
"One thing more, Sire!"
David looked at Nathan intently. 
"Give the warrior, Joab, space so that he may ascend the shaft first and so become your general. It is the will of the Lord God!" Nathan spoke this because he knew that the King had declared that the man who would take the city, to him, alone, would be given the honor of being David's general over all the army of the Lord. 
In reality, he was hoping it would be someone other than Joab. But, notwithstanding, David was ready to do as the young Prophet signified. Nonetheless, for a moment David looked stunned and then a bit resistant, but, at last, his expression changed and he, again, nodded. "As the Lord God lives, so shall it be!"
**********
The day had advanced into the middle morning and David, as Nathan instructed, had his men in formation on the sloping hills surrounding the fortress city of Jebus. They were positioned some four hundred feet back so that there was no fear of being reached by the archers from the high-reaching ledges of the fortress. 
The Elders of Jebus were, once again, standing on the walls, calling out constant jeers as if it were a day of recreation. For those gathered on the ground below and, looking up to survey the sixty foot steep walls, the city truly gave the impression of being impenetrable! The tops of the walls had a stone ledge that was nearly waist high to the average man and, lined up behind this, as far as one could see, was the military force of Jebus, most of which were archers. 
"Come, David, King of Israel," one of the Elders called out, "Send your men to the fray and we will leave them in heaps at the foot of the walls of Jebus! Our blind could throw rocks and do more damage than your best archers," called out another, "Heave your ladders so that, while we relax, we can have sport at picking your men off, one at a time!"
The great crowd of soldiers behind him laughed heartily as if Israel could offer no threat whatsoever. Yet, on the slopes surrounding the great fortress was a Hebrew force of more than twenty thousand men. They filled the hills as well as the vast ravines on all sides of the city. 
Several days before David had ordered that a large number of scaling ladders be constructed, and more than a hundred of these were stacked in piles of twenty spaced out along the front line of David's army. 
Joab and his two hundred elite stood ready very near the entrance to the lower floor of the cavern that housed the water cistern provided by the spring of Gihon. The King stood at the center of a small formation of twenty four men located a few yards in front of his main forces. David was waiting for a signal from the young Prophet. 
Nathan, for the first time in his life, felt a deep confidence in the designs that filled his mind concerning the taking of Jebus. Without question, he knew that the Lord God was with him and that the city, which David was about to possess, had a great place in the future of his people. Dressed in his black cloak and holding his staff carefully in hand, he began to slowly walk out from the ranks and into the clearing between David's men and the wall. He was careful not to approach to near the wall, but only walked far enough forward so that David, as well as his men, could observe him. 
When Nathan came to a halt, still a great distance from the walls, he looked up at the Elders of the city and spoke. "The citizens of Jebus have always been a peaceful people and we have dwelt together in this land from ancient days. Why do the Elders, then, provoke a battle when the King has promised that all will go well with your people?"
At that point one of the city's spokesmen came near the wall and replied. "The people of Jebus have no desire to wear the yoke of Israel, and we certainly have no intention of simply handing ourselves over to you!"
Nathan was silent for a moment and then spoke again. "You Elders of Jebus, are you not the children of the Hittite nation. Perhaps those inside these walls already wear a yoke. It is strange to me that I have never, yet, heard the voice of one of the citizens speak ‘yes’ or ‘no’ regarding this matter. Rather, each day we only see the Elders with your men of war upon these walls. Indeed, it seems a thing most peculiar that, among the city's common folk, there has been a conspicuous absence of voice over these many days! Perhaps you could explain this!"
"We have nothing to explain to one that, from where I stand, appears to be nothing but an inexperienced novice! You're little more than a boy and certainly your power to intimidate is wanting. I really suggest that you run back to the shadows and leave matters of this nature to men who truly understand them." The men behind the speaker began to laugh with great enthusiasm as the man smiled arrogantly and paced the wall, looking down smugly at Nathan. 
Nathan then turned and looked at the great army behind him. He looked over at the King, and then turned and glanced one more time at the Elder's standing upon the walls. After a moment Nathan took his staff in his right hand, lifting it crossways above his own head and against the blueness of the heavens, his head slightly back, he gazed up into their depth. Then, with all his might he cried out! “That men may know there is a God in Israel, and that He requires neither sword nor spear to accomplish His ends, I entreat you, oh Lord God of our father's. This day fight our battles and bring about that which you have decreed from days everlasting. Make this place the footstool of your throne. Take Jerusalem as your own city and dwell here among men! With a mighty arm, show Yourself strong in behalf of Israel and against the foes of David, our King!"
With that spoken, Nathan, still holding his staff in his right hand somewhat above his head, turned its tip in a slight circler motion against the skies. Slowly, the clouds in the heavens, which at the first were sparse, began to gather up and turn in unison with the Prophet's lifted staff. A storm began to gather! The more he turned his staff the more intense the storm became. In a very short time the whole firmament became black as massive bodies of dark clouds churned and spun around, rapidly gaining momentum. Soon the entire heavens above were laden with heavy thunder heads, beginning to clash with violence. Where only moments earlier the day was bright, now darkness had spread over the earth. Bolts of lightning blasted the ground and thunder cracked and bellowed all around. Moreover, the wind had begun to blow with a furious force. 
Nathan now looked at the King, whose face was filled with wonder, and nodded. David turned about, pointed at the cavern, and Joab and his elite bounded into action. Just as they did so, exceedingly large hailstones, some of them the size of a man's fist, began to fall to the earth. David's army pulled their shields overhead and stood their ground. Several warriors quickly came to Nathan's aid, where they fell into a formation that protected both themselves, as well as the Prophet. 
On the walls above, the hail caused a massive panic, as all quickly fell into absolute disarray. Many of the soldiers, who had no shields to protect themselves, struggled against each other in an attempt to escape the battering ice. Cries of pain were now filling the air and, among those within the fortress, there was escalating chaos. The Elders were feverishly seeking shelter anywhere they could find it! The soldiers on the tower were falling down trying to evade the deadly strikes from the down pouring of the massive icy stones. 
Joab, with his men close by, entered the cavern and ran to the open shaft, preparing to climb it. The shaft was narrow enough that a man could touch both sides with his outspread arms and hands. Joab, with the strength and agility of a leopard, began to scale the walls of the shaft, struggling to reach the top. One hand on either side of the opening and, aided by his powerful legs and feet, he labored to climb as quickly as he could, knowing that if he did not accomplish it rapidly exhaustion would overcome him. Finally, as the last fiber of his being was utterly fatigued, he placed his right hand on the upper floor and climbed up onto its safety. He met no resistance there for all were scrambling to find shelter from the falling hail stones!
Quickly, he stood up and then dropped a rope down to the other men behind him who heaved themselves up onto the open floor near the tower just inside the city walls. There was no resistance whatsoever. The army that, only moments earlier, stood in rigid defiance now cowed down utterly. Each man was trying desperately to save himself from the beating the hail was inflicting upon them. 
Once the men had all climbed the shaft, Joab gave the order to attack. With shields lifted above them for protection and with daggers in hand they quickly ran the steps of the tower to find almost no opposition there either. Most of the men were lying on its stone floor, suffering from the tremendous and brutal blows of the assailing hail! 
While part of Joab's men threw down ropes off the walls, David issued the order and the scaling ladders were now sending a swarm of men into the city. The hail had begun to lessen and he did not want to give them time to regroup their forces!
Joab, with a dozen other men, secured the fortress, first by taking the Elders, after which what little heart for resistance the remaining soldiers had quickly faded to little or nothing. There were men fighting with swords at the distance corners of the city, but they, too, when they realized that the fortress had fallen, laid their weapons down. 
The battle had been extremely brief and there were no deaths reported either among the people of Jebus or among David's men. All and all, the event had been extraordinary, and David was nearly dumbfounded as he considered what had just happened. In his mind he understood that God Himself had intervened in an extraordinary way!
When all was secured David turned his attention to finding the young Prophet, Nathan. At last he located him seated quietly against the lower part of the wall near the city gate as it was being unearthed. 
When Nathan looked up and recognized who stood before him, he immediately started to rise. “Sire, I did not recognize . . ."
"Please. Remain where you are!" And at that David turned his own back against the wall and slide down to a seated position beside the young Prophet. He began to speak. "When Samuel came to the house of Jesse years ago I nearly fell at his feet in veneration. I knew who he was, as did all those about me. But, I am afraid I did not recognize you for the man of God you plainly are. You are, indeed, a great Prophet and mightily used of the Lord. I ask you, once again, forgive me for my inability to recognize a great servant of the Lord when he stood before me."
Nathan was greatly honored at the King's kind words but knew he hardly deserved them. “Surely, Sire, your servant acted the fool so completely that anyone would have misjudged who I might have or might not have been. But, your words are a great compliment to me and I will not forget them."
As David listened to the young man beside him speak, he found himself increasingly drawn to him. The moment saw the birth of an eventual friendship that would bring a great deal of comfort to the King for whom the young Prophet, in some measure, filled the vacancy left by the death of his life-long friend, Jonathan.
Neither of them was truly aware of just how much their paths would intertwine. Their very lives were, in many ways, now inseparable, David, wielding the sword of deliverance, and Nathan holding the Prophet’s staff. By means of these, this sword and this staff, a nation of heavenly origins would be forged upon this earth as the shadow of each fell across the other. 



Chapter Ten
A Mountain Full of Visions 

Are they not all ministering spirits, sent out to render service for the sake of those who will inherit salvation?   Hebrews 1:14

Upon the distant and illimitable slopes of Mount Herman, there lives a holy man whose name is Anakia.
In some respects it was as if this mountain, whose duration is from the foundations of the earth, was made for him precisely, and that he, in turn, was made for this mountain. To say it was his home would certainly be an understatement of enormous degree. 
Hidden between the swaying pines and rocky cliffs is the quaint little dwelling that provides Anakia shelter. The abode is really nothing more than a cave, but with a rather striking little house built around its entrance. 
Upon approaching it from the south side of the mountain, one is readily struck by the uniqueness of the small dwelling and its surroundings. Large, flat, white stones have been used to construct not only the walls to the quaint shelter but, also, a rather large court-like plaza which serves as entrance. This court is some ten or so paces, both in width and depth, across the front of the dwelling, but also surrounds it partially on both sides. The back, of course, exhibits the mountain into which it is built!
Slender cedar timbers comprise the roof, which covers the small house, and these are all of equal size and laced together and conform to the slightly rounded shape of the upper part of the structure, their evenly cut ends extending to form a lovely, small porch. 
The two ornamental braces, which support this overhanging porch, have obviously been designed with painstaking care, and are perfectly sculptured, polished and placed to provide a pleasing sense of symmetry and careful craftsmanship. These have been located on each side of the overhang, where they reach the edge of the porch's eve, and then travel down at an angle, and are fastened to the wall. At that point the wood curves back around underneath to face outward, and each has a matching carved lion's head carefully fashioned as an ornamental end piece. 
The cedar logs, which form the rooftop, have also been polished. Thick rosin has been mixed with gravel and worked down between the logs, so that the roof remains perfectly sealed off from the wind and rain. All of this was built into the mountain side, and adapts itself nicely to the slope thereof. 
A carefully fashioned ornate window adorns the front of the house as well. Matching cedar shutters grace the window on each side and, when these are folded outward, a very sturdily crafted lattice remains as a permanent inner lining and is fastened securely within the window's frame. A lush, green vine grows up one side of the lattice, blocking part of the light even when the shutters are folded back. 
Also adorning the front of the house, just beneath the porch roof, is a door, it, too being made from elegantly fashioned cedar, rounded at the top to fit perfectly within the arch of the stone wall opening. This door, on both sides has been carefully sealed and polished, and has a solidly constructed latch made of a hardened piece of oak, carved to proper proportions, so that it falls down into a narrow slot and holds the door fast shut. 
On the floor of the court, just in front of the door is a broad, slightly raised step, which serves as a barrier, preventing heavy waters which sometimes collect on the spacious plaza, from running under the door and invading the house. 
All of this was built around the cave itself, and, to a casual observer, the fact that there even is a cave would be difficult to recognize! Of course, one could not view the cave, itself, until they had first entered the modest little house which furnishes a home for the holy man. 
The front section of his home is that part which had been so very meticulously built, and located here are his kitchen and a living room with a fireplace which has a pile of wood kept neatly stacked beside it at all times. 
A small bedroom is provided by the cave itself and, within it, Anakia has a bed and a side table. From the opposite side of this, the cave lengthens further back into the mountain and extends into an elaborate little study, or library, which houses the several books which the man protects with his life. 
But Anakia loves to spend the larger part of his time on the outside, enjoying the court that had taken him a great deal of time to build. There he spends large parts of his day, at least during those seasons that permit it, reading intently and studying any one of the several books from his collection. 
This plaza-like court also has a shallow stone wall, or fence, enclosing it, and an opening in this fence serves as a gateway facing down the mountain for access, as well. Leading up to the gateway is a formation of nearly two dozen steps of slab rock, arranged sideways, and winding up along the rocky hillside so that it curves around the enormous rock outcrop that serves as underpinning to the plaza above. 
From the bottom of the steps looking upward, the plaza appears more like a balcony than a common court, and its white limestone slab floor contrasts with the gray rock of the outcrop on which it is located. 
All and all, the house is exceptionally striking in appearance, and, certainly, anything even remotely similar would have been a rare thing to find anywhere. 
This, then, is the dwelling of the man, Anakia. 
This morning he is seated at a small, stone table positioned at the far edge of the court, a place where it is easy to gaze down over the broad valley below. There is an abundance of both cultivated flowers and wild vines growing all about the limestone court, adding to its beauty, and the house, itself, is always kept in the finest of order. 
Several sparrows have just alighted upon the eve of the roof, and a red bird has perched on the stone ledge very near where the man is sitting. Presently, he is reading from a large book, bound with a cover of dyed leather and consisting of pages made from thin tablets of clay. The cover is really only a wrap that holds the several tablets tightly together while encircling it.
At the moment the book is opened wide as the holy man Anakia, pores over its blessed contents. As he does so, he is humming a pleasant song. It is a psalm of ancient origin and one of his favorites. He sings pieces of it as he studies the book. 

"How pleasant are the works of God,
Who rules the earth and heavens
Where man in whom He breathed His life
was made to dwell therein.
All you mighty men of war, you Kings and Majesties
The righteous are His loving work
He watches over them!

As for the man himself, he is now showing evidence of his many years, with long, white hair that flows freely down the back of the scarlet robe he is wearing. His eyes are deep set and he possesses a rather proportionate nose. The rest of his face is covered with a thick, fluffy, white beard which is extremely long. 
A soft morning breeze has just begun to rustle playfully over the entire court, making the day exceptionally amiable and pleasing. The holy man stands up and looks around with a pleasant expression on his face. He then brushes the long hair back from the side of his face and sips a little of the drink that is in a small clay cup he had just taken up from one corner of the table. As he holds the container in one hand, he gazes down over the valley spread far out before him. For almost as long as the man can recollect he has lived right here on this mountain, which looks out over the land of Israel. 
This morning Anakia's mind carries him back to so many years before, when he, as a boy, had first come to this place. He was not even in his tenth year when the woman who had gently removed him from his dying father's arms brought him here and, with many tears, sent him off up the mountain, telling him to find a cave on the south side and stay there. It had been a dramatic event in his life, though now much of it is hard to remember.
Slight images of both his mother and father remain deep inside his mind, but they are very sketchy, for it had all taken place more than seventy years ago. While he looked out over the vast valley, Anakia mused upon these many memories! 
Standing out among these was the day of the appearing! At least, that is how he had come to think of it. Somehow, this morning, as he looked out over the endless green of the expanse before him, his mind was made to travel back to a very crucial day of his early life. He had remained here on this mountain, feeding himself on seeds and berries and anything else he could find, for several days. There was fear in his young mind concerning his situation, and he was not sure of what to do. He had searched long and hard for the cave which the woman had spoken of, but, so far, had been unable to find it. 
Nevertheless Anakia was very resilient. It was his nature. He would always fasten his mind on the task before him and then work at it until the thing was accomplished! Therefore, he continued to search diligently for the cave, as he had been instructed. 
As he had made his way higher up the mountain side, the breeze grew strong and began to blow his long hair back away from the side of his face. In so doing, it revealed not only a handsome youth, but one with an exceptionally pleasant and winsome demeanor. Even now, under these circumstances, his face shone with an expression of cheerfulness and he did not let the fearful conditions in which he presently found himself, pull him down! 
He had just approached this large grass-covered outcrop from which he could see for miles, and there were several lower summits and hilltops positioned beneath him. It was in the middle afternoon and the weather had been pleasant. The ground on top of the brow was filled with green meadow grass, and he was just considering sitting down for a moment when suddenly a very strange sight appeared before his eyes. At some distance down the mountainside, on his right, there was a small rise on a second, but lower, summit. Because the mountain was very wide at its base, Anakia was still looking more outward, than downward, as he strained to observe the thing now alighted on top of the brow of this lower summit. It made the young boy's blood nearly stop flowing in his veins! An immense creature of radiant beauty as nothing that Anakia had ever witnessed was standing upon the summit's crest!
Its size was enormous, and the boy was startled and frightened as he looked at it. Had he been standing anywhere near its feet, he would have been as a grasshopper in comparison. Its height would have easily exceeded the treetops many times over. But, he was up above it to some little extent and that made him feel a bit safer, though, for some strange reason, he was not all that terribly afraid. The creature was turned completely away from Anakia, gazing off across the valley, and he felt that the being or creature or whatever it was, did not even know he was there. The longer Anakia looked at it the more convinced he was that it did not have the kind of appearance that should evoke undue fear, that is, with the exception of its colossal size! 
Anakia rubbed his eyes deeply to be sure he was truly seeing what seemingly now appeared before him. While still gazing intently, he watched with amazement as the creature slowly spread and folded his extraordinary wings repeatedly, much like a butterfly but so incomprehensibly larger. Also, and this was the most enthralling thing, the creature shone with a brilliant light!
Anakia was spellbound! With eyes fixed upon the entity, the sight became even more wonder-filled in that, even as he observed, the great head of this creature transformed in appearance from one thing to another before his very eyes! How could this be truly happening? 
At one point it had the head of a leopard, and, at another, that of an eagle. Still, again it altered, and presented the appearance and face of a man with long, yellowish hair as bright as the sun. All the time, its great wings, which looked as if they filled nearly the whole mountainside, continued to slowly open and spread wide, and then close once again. This happened repeatedly as the boy looked on. 
Also, and this was deeply captivating to the young mystified boy, encircling the being’s uppermost body and head, were vaporous rings of colored light and the spread of these bands contained all the colors of the rainbow, yet, they shone much more stark and vibrantly than any that he had ever before laid eyes upon. Deep, intense yellow, like the sun itself, and vibrant red, green as deep as the most lush forest and blues more intense than the ocean, leaving Anakia's mind transfixed, as his eyes took in the inexplicable scene before him!
Moreover, as he continued to observe the creature, a great white mist that sparkled like silver glitter continuously flowed outward, softly in all directions from its enormous form. This made it possible for the youth to keep his eyes fixed on the majestic scene, for this same mist tended to dim the intensity of the brilliant light emanating from the creature. This resplendent haze had the appearance, at least in the boy's mind, of something like white fire, as the pouring out of luminous vapor, which sparkled as if it were filled with an abundance of glistening diamonds! The haze seemed to sparkle like the innumerable stars of the heavens, and it flowed out from the creature continually for a very great distance, where, eventually, it faded away into nothingness. 
At times the being also had the arms of a man, which he lifted high into the heavens as if he worshiped something or someone, but Anakia did not know what, for he could see nothing there. Then, the being turned, once again, into something different, and it was all so very astonishing! Again, his head, which remained the purist of radiant white, took the shape of a lion, and, when it did so, it opened its mouth and roared until Anakia was forced to cover his ears, as the sound of it filled the valley and echoed back over and over. 
At last it took the shape of a man, and as thus it remained. For a very long while, the creature stood, looking out over the valley toward Israel and the boy also stood upon the mountain behind him, watching with ever deepening fascination.
Then, the wind, which often blows somewhat stoutly when one is this high up on the mountain side, began to stir more robustly until it blew the boy's hair around into his face. As he pushed his hair back out of his face, he thought, for a moment, that he heard what almost sounded like a voice whispering . . . something. It was a soft, nearly inaudible sound, and difficult to distinguish. The boy strained to listen, for when the sound repeated he was almost convinced he heard words! Again, several times more he heard the soft, whispering sound. It seemed almost as if someone were speaking his name. Slowly it grew louder.
"Annnnnn . . ." wispppp . . . and silence!
"Ana . . . ." wisped softly and then sucked away. "Anaki . . ." a high, whispering sound, and yet, again, it fell to stillness. "Anakia!" 
Was he hearing himself being called? Yet, as much as it seemed so, for a long while, he was still not sure he had heard his name, or if it was only the wind whispering around the craggy rocks on the mountainside. He could not take his eyes off the creature to even look, though the voice seemed to come from all around him, if indeed it was a voice. He waited and watched. 
"Anakia?" Came the powerful whispering sound. It was a voice! A voice calling him!
The voice was now distinctive, and the boy knew that it was real. Moreover, just now, as the face of the creature moved around a bit more toward the mountain where Anakia stood, he was sure he had seen the lips of the being's mouth move, though its face was still turned, for the most part, away. 
Perhaps he should have been afraid, but the voice was so very soft and pleasing that he was not. Still, he did not know whether to answer or not. 
"Anakia! Be at peace, for I am your friend and helper. I am here to keep you safe."
The boy hardly knew what to say, and searched hard for words, yet. he could find none, and the great creature spoke yet again.
"I wish for you to understand that I watch over you night and day, and that you may rest peacefully, knowing that no harm whatsoever, shall come to you!"
The words sank deep into Anakia's heart, for truly, he had been fearful not only of being alone upon the mountain, but, also, to some degree, by this great creature himself. The being's voice and words were exceedingly calming! They seemed to wash away all anxiety and bathe his whole being with relief and peaceful quietness. Still, at the same time Anakia felt that he needed to answer, and so he spoke. "Have I gone to the place of our fathers then?" It was a foolish thing to have uttered and, just as it left his lips he knew it, but his mind seemed so confused as to what this strange occurrence was. He was having trouble knowing just what was a proper thing to say! 
A great laugher erupted from the person, if it was a person, like the bubbling of a pleasant brook, only many times stronger. In fact, the laughter was so powerful and intense that it instantly filled Anakia's heart with an unspeakable joy, so much so he felt safe and warm and did not want the sound of it to stop. And all the while the being, which now looked like a man of glorious appearance, remained gazing out over the valley.
After a while the creature replied. "No, we remain in the realm of mortals for yet a little while, after which you shall go to your father and your mother. The season of your walk upon the earth is brief and will pass as a flicker of light. Its whole purpose concerns that which is meant to come after. And that which is to come, with all of its inexpressible glory, will forever eclipse your time here. Let this knowledge comfort you, Anakia, when your heart grows weary in days to come!"
There was a brief silence, and it seemed the being was waiting for Anakia to speak. 
"I am not sure how to address you, and I wish to be polite as my father taught me, so forgive me if my words seem careless, but may I inquire concerning you? You are a great creature and one that I know, most certainly, is not commonly seen among men."
Again the creature, as if he could not constrain himself, laughed a great and bountiful laughter which echoed out over the valley repeatedly. But then, somewhat suddenly, he turned so that he faced Anakia completely, and gazed upon the boy fully. 
At this Anakia nearly fell backyard, not from fear but from the sheer amazement of the beauty which he now looked upon. The being’s face was a glimmering, soft white and partially transparent though its shape and splendor were completely perceptible. The long hair upon his head glowed like the blaze of the sun and the wind blew it back entirely away from his entrancing and glorious countenance. But, more than anything else, it was the creature’s eyes that left the youth so totally awestruck that he was, for a long while, unable to stir the slightest movement of even one muscle. Indescribable pools of wonderment were his eyes and they, too, were, at least somewhat, transparent. An engrossing sapphire blue that almost seemed dreamlike, it was as if the incredible coloring glowed with a revitalizing warmth and energizing joy, having powers that the boy had never encountered, which surely seemed to flow into his very body, leaving him absolutely spellbound! 
Anakia gazed, wide-eyed, for a very long time upon the features of the immense entity hovering in front of him as its beauty evoked the deepest and most indefinable and sublime emotions within his soul. 
At that point the creature paused a very long while as he, too, gazed upon Anakia. 
Anakia was still reeling from the experience of looking at the glorious creature straight on when he finally realized that the being was again speaking to him. 
"You speak so very well, Anakia, and it is so very pleasant to converse with you. Your father has taught you well and your mind is exceedingly keen. Now, as for your question, I can tell you a little concerning what you ask, but only that which is meant for man to know." 
"I am a Seraphim of the Kabrean race of Seraphim. My name cannot be spoken here in this realm, for it would disrupt all things, but you may remember me as Mystavia. The One that Spoke! 
"The race of the Seraphim, is as old as time itself, and their name means, Lamps that shine in darkness, for we carry out the decrees of the Lord God!"
"We and the Cherubim, a race of beings who present themselves much like I appear, reached our fullest purpose when man came into existence and we became a part of his struggle to achieve his spiritual form. That is to say, we offer assistance in man's progress toward his illustrious transformation, a thing which will be apprehended by all righteous children of Adam in time."
"The Cherubim are mighty warriors, who are the protectors of the chosen, while Seraphim, who are appointed guardians of the sacred race of man as well, also carry out the decrees of the Lord God. We cause certain things to happen upon the earth for the sake of man. To that end, both we and the Cherubim sometimes make visible appearances to man, as I am to you right now." 
"Both races have seven natural forms, which man has never seen, and they can shift between these as they like. But, above that, we can also appear in a myriad of lower forms of our choosing, such as in the form of a human being. We are given this power so that we might dispense certain wishes of the Lord God! That is all that I can speak concerning this matter!"
The being was then silent, and Anakia, whose mind was whirling with all that he was hearing, prepared to speak again. "Can you tell me why the woman brought me here and left me? I have been very afraid, these two days," Anakia slowly and very carefully addressed the great creature. 
"She forsook you in this place because I appeared to her in a dream and instructed her to do so. You were meant to come to this mountain and the place where you now stand." 
"When you can no longer see me, you may turn around and look carefully along the mountain side, beyond the small bushes growing against it. There you will find the entrance to a hidden cave. Enter, and deep within its recesses, you will discover a set of sacred writings lying high upon a rock shelve. The most important of these is the Wá Shadani, an ancient book! Handle it with great care!” 
"This is the book of 'the watching,' and tells much of what shall take place in the times to come. You shall be its guardian, and by dreams and visions you, yourself, will add to it. You will distinguish the Wá Shadani from the other books by the symbol upon its cover. I will explain this to you in a moment." 
"Also, you will find a number of writings placed here by their keepers in generations gone by, but you are the one that will bring their messages together and, because a very special age has now arrived, you will see visions of many things to come." 
"Along with these are the books of the prophecies of the Prophet who became evil, even Balaam. But he did tell things about the future, and these you will study and add to the Wá Shadani. This shall be your task, Anakia, and your heart will be much blessed in fulfilling it."
The Creature paused, only for a moment, and looked further into the eyes of the boy before continuing. 
"When you see the Wá Shadani, the first thing that will fall under your gaze, will be the great symbol upon its cover. It is a black circle interlaced with five other circles in perfect proportions, except that the last circle, at the bottom, is incomplete. Those five circles represent the five great forces that bear influence upon the affairs of righteous man."
Then, Mystavia paused and, narrowing his eyes somewhat, he began to look even more intently at the young boy as if bidding him to put away every other thought and carefully mark the words about to be uttered. After a moment he began to speak again. 
"Listen very carefully to my words Anakia, and remember them, for this is the meaning of the symbol. To understand the importance of the symbol is to understand the significance of the message of the book. It is very sacred!"
"The central circle represents all of this life as the Lord God created it with regard to man, and indicates that it has its purpose and will be a completed work in its own time. There are a precise number of days allotted to mankind, and when that is fulfilled to the very last hour, then the end of this age will have come."
"Each of the five outer circles, which interlace with the great circle, stands for things having their own meaning. The first circle, of course, symbolizes the power of the Lord God Himself and all that He has stretched forth his mighty hand to accomplish concerning the purpose of man. The second stands for the Spirit of God and His intervention in the affairs of man, and the effect He also bears upon the lives of the chosen. The third circle corresponds with the mighty Cherubim race of beings as well as the Seraphim, of which I am a part, and the aid we render as it deals with the existence of the righteous and chosen among men. The fourth circle represents the true Prophets, appointed by God Himself, and their accomplishments as well as foretelling as they deal with the existence of man and his future.” 
"Then, there is the final circle, which sets at the bottom of the symbol. It is the incomplete orb which represents man, and is not whole because man's purpose is not yet fulfilled. But, in the days predestinated by the Lord God and by reason of the forces exerted by the other interlaced spheres, the circle of man shall be completed, and the ushering in of that age shall be an event of such sublime quality as to make it, even for me, almost inexpressible!" 
"Now, Anakia, I wonder, do you understand all that I am telling you?"
The young boy was still not sure of his words, nevertheless, he answered. "I think I do, but am I not quite young to be given the care of such a book?"
"Indeed you are young, Anakia, yet the Lord God knows your heart and that you love His ways, and He has committed this great task into your hands. Do you wish to do this thing?"
Anakia did not hesitate to reply to this. His heart had always entertained these things, almost, it seemed to him, before he could speak. "I would so love to do this thing. Only teach me more so that I may do all that is required of me properly, and in the way that will please the God of all the Earth!"
"All things will come to you in time! In dreams and visions you will add to the book. And, know this, that one day you will give the book to another. All preparation must be made for that day."
Anakia was now very curious about this and straightway asked the being, who now looked down upon him, "May I know to whom I must give the book then?"
"Yes. One day, when you have grown old and your life is full of days, a young Prophet will come to this mountain and you will give him the Wá Shadani. It is meant to be. For he shall tell you of the heart of a new King in the land of Israel, how he loves righteousness and esteems the Lord God of Israel more than gold or power or men or thrones."
"He will speak of a righteous King who sings songs unto the Lord and writes the psalms that the children of Israel sing. That he wields a sword and brings down terror upon his enemies, not for his own glory, but for the glory of the Lord God almighty. And that he will have been known to dance before the Lord God with all his might! And you shall know, by these sayings, that the Prophet is a true Prophet and to him you will give the book!"
"Why, if you will permit me this question, great creature, why is it so important that he have the book?"
"When you, Anakia, read the book you will see that it not only describes the great deeds that God has done among men, but also it contains the deeper prophesies of things to come, and, most importantly, it tells of a coming Messiah. You, yourself, because of dreams and visions, will add to these, and they all shall be contained in the volume of the book.” 
"Do you, Anakia, know of this Messiah?"
"Oh yes, my father often spoke of the great deliverer that would one day make his appearance upon the earth."
"Very good! The book, then, speaks of this same one." 
"However, the righteous King that is coming will not, at first, understand how very great his appointed work is. Yet, it is, in fact, this King that will set the first cornerstone for what will eventually be a celestial kingdom and its throne shall forever abide at Jerusalem. Though it may seem long in coming, from the first day that this King declares Jerusalem head of the nation of Israel, he will be, unwittingly, declaring it the throne of the Messiah!" 
"For all the earth yearns for that day, and all creatures such as myself look forward to its coming as well, for that day shall change all things in heaven and earth. For when Messiah sits upon His throne in Jerusalem, earth shall be renewed and man shall rise to his intended place and rule as gods among all that the Lord God has created. Second to God himself, there will be none greater than man in his completion! On that day, all the righteous children of Adam, the chosen, shall experience the transformation and take upon themselves glory, and this glory shall be like the glory of God, Himself and they shall be as His sons for ever and ever! It has been the design of the Lord God to create man in lowliness and weakness and birthed into a world of suffering and then to exalt him far above any creature He has created in and among all the heavens. 
The Creature paused and looked into the face of the boy who appeared nearly entranced with wonderment, so much so that it was long before he could speak! At last he did so. "Please tell me what I might expect in that world which you say is to come. I wish to know all. Is it possible that you should speak these things to me?"
The great Seraphim unfurled his massive wings once or twice, letting them beat together as he looked slowly from side to side. The expression on his face conveyed thoughtfulness, as if he was wondering if or how he should answer the question. After a long while he replied. “It is not possible for you to hear and bear it. For if you truly saw and grasped it then your heart could not bear its postponement. But, I will convey to you what is permissible for me to utter. "When Messiah comes, the righteous children of Adam will enter an age of perfection, or, as the Seraphim call it, the Age of Tranquility! That will be the age of the Timeless New! If you can remember, as a younger child how exquisite was every new color and scene, every taste and delight, then you will also comprehend that here, in the realm of man, these things are extremely limited, and all grows tiresome quickly. But, in the age of tranquility, the Lord God will forever be creating new and wonderfully delightful things not only for the children of Adam, but for all of us who have our place because of man. For, by and large, God has reserved the creation of the good until the redemption of humankind is fulfilled. I cannot tell you more, but let this knowledge be a comfort to you should your heart grow weary in days to come!"
Anakia was quick to make a last inquiry of the great being looming before him. "May I please ask you one more thing? Why have I been chosen for this great task?" 
The creature again laughed a soft but prolonged laughter and its sound melted the heart of the boy with inexplicable waves of joy. "That is a very simple, yet in the same instant, a very complicated question to answer, but I will try. Because, at a young age you have overcome the natural enmity of the heart against the Lord God."
A very puzzled look came over the face of the youth as he looked deeply into the eyes of the lovely creature. "I do not understand what you are saying at all. Please explain this thing to me."
"Very well, but this must be your last inquiry, and afterward, I must disappear. Let me put it this way. In the heart of every child born to the race of Adam there abide two great forces instilled there by the Lord God Himself and given for the purpose of man's trial and redemption. The first is the regard for God, an impulse in the soul of every child to wonder about where they came from, and, thus, regard a greater force than themselves. The second great force works in contradiction to this and is the natural enmity that resists God. These two are constituents placed in the heart by our God Himself. Their existence has to do with the testing of man who is a being of free choice." 
"As every child grows, he will give himself to one side or the other. If to the Creators side, he will seek to know Him, and if to the side of enmity, he will learn to disdain Him and even any mention of His name.” 
"Those who lean toward the enmity will have that tendency increased by the forces of the Dark Kingdom, of which you will learn more as time goes on, and they will find even the most modest thought or words concerning God to be distasteful, and, in their own reasoning, untenable. Their souls will, thus, travel in that direction. Those who embrace the Creator will move toward an understanding of Him and His Spirit will enlighten them. You, Anakia, overcame the enmity at a very young age and embraced the Creator and, thus, have been chosen for this great task." 
"Now I have spoken all that I am permitted to utter. Remember, I am always here to keep you. Do not fear for I am beside you at all times!"
As Anakia looked upon the glorious creature it slowly faded away from before him, and he sat down on the grass for a very long while, and pondered all that his eyes had seem. 

"So many years ago," the holy man muttered to himself, repeating the words, "so many years ago." He took up his cup and sipped from it again and then returned to the pages of the great book lying before him. 
**********
Kezmin was humming a pleasant tune ever so lightly as she set up the fruit in her uncle's market stand. The first glimmers of light from the rising sun had just begun to brighten the sky and it appeared that it was going to be another very pleasant day. 
She had been one of the earliest to arrive and so the market itself was still rather quiet. At the moment she was arranging large clusters of grapes and figs so that they might appear as appealing as possible. While she did so, an uncommon sound fell distinctively upon her ears, and she stopped to listen. It was a peculiar sounding bell that rang softly in the distance. Kezmin knew it was a wooden bell such as her uncle would place around some of his wandering calves to determine their whereabouts. Without question, this bell that she now heard was of a similar kind though perhaps larger and more resonate. 
Glancing up the causeway toward the north, she at once observed a rather large, round man in sable colored clothing with a thick and heavy appearing mantle upon his shoulders coming down through the marketplace. He was leading a mule hitched to a small cart on which were hanging an assortment of household wares and trinkets. Kezmin turned about to continue with her work, not wishing to appear so impolite as to stare, but she could not prevent hearing the soft tip-tap of the bell and questioned who the stranger was. However, as she put her mind back into her work, the thoughts began to fade, that is, until the tip tap suddenly stopped. 
Unexpectedly she heard a voice from behind, apparently calling to her. 

"The thrift of hand can steal a heart
Where charm and beauty make a start!" 

Kezmin turned and looked into what was a very pleasant, rounded face that was smiling broadly. "Aw. . . Alas, one fair and lovely daughter of Shechem." The man spoke these words rather quickly and then the broad smile returned to his face, as if it was as natural for him as breathing. "Back there a distance, I was sure I heard you humming a fine tune, am I mistaken?" 
"Oh well . . . I . . . I suppose I was, sir. I was about my work and yes . . . I may have been . . . humming a song!" Kezmin, who was only slightly shy, found herself at a bit of a loss for words, the question not being something she would have expected to be asked. 
"Please, don't think me forward or unbecoming, but I believe I can recognize the tones of one that sings as though from a troubled heart. Somehow I think maybe that is the case with you. And, again, forgive me for my appearing scornfully bold. I truly do not wish to be.” The man spoke with deliberateness, yet softly and with a disarming smile.
Kezmin was a little mystified at the stranger's words. Indeed, her heart yearned for one person and that was the young Prophet of Bethel. And, though his visits were often, it grew harder now each time he had to go and lately she wondered where her future lay. These thoughts had been very prominent in her mind this morning and, even now, lingered there as she replied to the stranger who stood very close to her. 
"I hope it is not that apparent. Our God rules all, and it is my hearts desire to fulfill His wishes, which I know, in the end, are what is best for all. And, above that, singing keeps my mind off of things that might not serve me to the best end. Besides, it is just such a gloriously beautiful morning!” She spoke with a smile but there was a slight sadness in her eyes, too, and the stranger saw that as well. 

"In all our hearts a harp lies strung
and waits that I should take it up
It's this that makes us like divine
To sigh or sing, the choice is mine." 

Again the man smiled ever so broadly as he looked the young maiden in the eyes. 
For her part, Kezmin thought it a bit strange that the man would utter poems so much and she truly did not know quite how to answer, so she simply replied, "I ah . . . I believe that is true!'
Then, as if to break the awkwardness of the moment, the man turned and looked around at all the fruit and vegetables. "So, are you the proprietor then?” He asked looking very much like he knew that she was not. 
"My uncle is away to Judah selling his wood carvings and furniture. I am keeping his place at market for these next several days. I have been here with him since I was a little girl so I know how to conduct the business, though I do no trading, only selling of the goods." She spoke with a confident and happy voice. 
The traveler looked at her again for a moment and then spoke. "I am Jair, the Moabite, of the house of Lordaina. I am a merchant of trinkets and small crafts, but mostly I deal in fine jewelry."
"Well, it is nice to meet you. I am Kezmin, niece to Johanan of the house of Kaman." 
"Well," Jair spoke up robustly, "I should like to purchase some of your fruits and grain to replenish my supplies, for my journey to Edom." He smiled again as he said it.
"Certainly! It has been a very good year for crops, making our selection greater than we have ever offered. Please help yourself!"
As the Moabite slowly picked out a wide selection of items and placed them in a large basket the two of them continued to converse, with Kezmin asking him about his vast travels, and he requiring of her the prices of one item after another. At last he was finished and reached for a cloth pouch tied to his waist band. 
"How much do I owe you, then, for all of this?" The Moabite politely asked. 
"Well, how does one beka sound to you?” Kezmin replied pleasantly.
"A bargain, then, is struck.” With that the man took out the proper payment and placed it into her hand. 
Then, setting the basket safely into the back of his cart, the man returned, but now he held a small, white, folded cloth in his hand. 
"You say your uncle deals in fine jewelry on rare occasions. I wonder if you could look at this one and tell me if you think it might be repairable." 
As Jair spoke he unwrapped a small metal plate which appeared to be made of gold and was about the size of one’s thumb. Fastened upon the golden plate was a most lovely gemstone. He then held it up so that the girl could see the ornament. The metal that embraced the large red stone shone magnificently. The stone itself was surely exquisite, and reflected the light that struck it wonderfully. 
The Moabite continued to talk even though Kezmin had tried to answer him with a modest deference. “I am afraid it is of little value because it is so apparent that it is only part of a set, likely a pendant or something of the kind. It appears to me that it was one part of two, and that its match will never be recovered."
"Oh, I am afraid sir,  that I am not the one you need to consult. I know nothing of such things. This would be a matter for my uncle. I am sorry."
The man only continued to hold his palm open with the cloth spread and the lovely object lying at its center. 
Kezmin looked down at the gorgeous ornament and was very much struck with its extraordinary loveliness! An elegant sculpturing of a female head was apparent above the stone and the stone itself was breathtaking in its beauty! She could not help expressing her enchantment with the marvelous allure which the charming stone possessed! "It is so very lovely. I have never seen one like it! The light seems to reflect what appears almost like blue spikes of light within the red of the stone. Truly, it is exquisite!" Her words were passionate and her eyes had opened wide as she examined the ornament intently. 
"Yes, but I am afraid it is of little value to me for it is plain that it was meant to be part of something larger. As I said earlier, I think it is only one part of a pendant and, therefore, will never have a great deal of value so far as bargaining is concerned. 
Kezmin, not knowing really what to say, only agreed. The Moabite continued to speak. "I have seen this kind of thing made in pairs and they are often placed on necklaces. Very popular in Egypt, but I am afraid this one is now tarnished and ruined! I was afraid of it all along. What it amounts to is that the item has no real value, at least to me!" The man reiterated, but, then, when he had spoken this, a broad smile, again returned to his face. 
"Surely the stone of itself must be of great value, and the plate appears to be made of gold. I am certain that to a knowledgeable person it would surely be worth a great deal! Its beauty is truly breathtaking." Kezmin quickly replied. 
"Yes, it is breathtaking, as you say, but, again, it is only one piece of what was surely at one time a lovely whole and, therefore, I am afraid it really has very little value, at least, on the market. Its worth would be greatly diminished without question. But, then, again," and here the Moabite paused to smile, "as you say, who knows what value it might have to the right person. After all:

Opposed to heart that knows divine 
The eye sees just a token.
If God conceals, his best disguise, 
are things despised and broken.

Kezmin smiled, not really knowing the meaning of his words, but wishing to be kind. "I am sorry that I cannot help you more!” She spoke kindly. 
"Oh, but you could help me if you would just take it as I think you are the right person. I have no more use for it at all, and I should love to give it to you. Perhaps you might find something one day that would match it properly and then you would have a great prize! Or, maybe your uncle could repair it, or at least knows someone with that kind of skill!” Again Jair smiled ever so broadly as his inquiring eyes sought her reply. 
"Oh, sir, I could not. The stone alone must be worth a king's ransom. It would not be . . . ,"
"Please. I cannot tell you what it would mean to me if you were to take it. I would feel that all was right and that the stone had found its proper home." 
"But it is far too . . . ,"
"No, it is not. Please, take it. I beg you, make a stranger in the land much pleased. It would bring me so much joy, I assure you most truly!"
"I ah . . . I don't know what to say. It is so very beautiful. I have never had anything of its kind, nor do I understand its true worth. It might be priceless. It truly appears to be a stone of great worth, and if so, and I learn of it later, I would feel I had greatly wronged you!" Kezmin insisted. 
"You cannot wrong me, daughter of Israel, for the pleasure I see in your eyes when you look upon it gives me, in return, all that it could possibly be worth! Please, I do so wish that you should have it!'
"But I feel it would not . . . ,"
Jair interrupted her as he placed it into her hand and wrapped her fingers around it gently. "It has found its true home. I am sure of it. Please treasure it all the days of your life, and I feel certain it will one day come to have great meaning to you. Thank you for making a stranger in Israel, a happy man today!” With that he turned and took hold of the reins of his mule, and gently pulled him forward. 
Kezmin hardly knew what to say or how to react. "Thank you so much, sir and, yes, I will treasure it all the days of my life. Blessings be upon you from the God of our fathers!” She called to him as he began to move away to continue his journey. 
"And blessings to you as well, child." His happy voice called back over his shoulder. 

That evening when Kezmin showed the ornament to her uncle, he, too, was amazed, for he knew of its extreme value. After examining it for some lengthy time he realized that the gem was a ruby!
"You say he insisted on just giving it to you? The stone is without question a ruby and alone has a value of a great number of talents. This truly is a strange thing!" Her uncle exclaimed. 
"I resisted taking it for a very long while, but he was extremely adamant that I have it. At one point he said something like, 'one day I am sure it will come to have great meaning to you!' It was as if he believed it to be tied up somehow with my own future. He placed it in my hand and insisted that it would bring him great happiness if I took it. I didn't know what else to do Uncle!"
"Well, it is not for you to worry about, Kezmin. From the way you talk of him, he almost had to have been aware of its great value. If that is so, and he found pleasure in giving it to you, then accept it, and, as he told you, treasure it for life, which I know you will."
Kezmin felt better about the strange transaction after her uncle's words. The next day he made a necklace for it and fastened the golden plate with its lovely red ruby to it. Kezmin kissed him on the side of the face and then slipped it on. She would treasure it and she looked very much forward to showing it to Nathan the next time they were able to see each other.
**********
Gad, the Prophet, met Nathan on the steps of Rachel's Tomb, not far outside of Bethlehem. The younger man had started out in the early morning hours from Hebron where he had been offering sacrifice. He had wished to visit the sacred tomb on his way back to Jerusalem to visit the King.
It was pleasant for Nathan to come here, for he truly loved to think upon the history of his people and especially those who had earned themselves such a special namesake as this one! Nearly a thousand years before, Rachel, the beloved wife of Jacob, had died here while giving birth to Benjamin, her second son. The place had been set apart by a marker, which Jacob himself had set up, but, in later years, a small memorial had also been erected in memory of the great matriarch. 
A path of flat stones led up to the door and the steps were beautified, with an assortment of native flowers, growing on both sides. There were a number of larger trees surrounding it to provide shade. 
When Nathan arrived, the sun was just peeking over the eastern horizon and the day was yet very young. When he entered the small, stone tomb there was no one present at all. Unexpectedly, being in this place and thinking back on the event it represented, served to aggravate the growing sense of loneliness and bewilderment he had been feeling lately concerning Kezmin and himself. The years were beginning to slip away now, and he found it difficult to allot time to even visit her. Yet, he longed for her with every fiber of his being! 
This morning, standing here thinking of how much Rachel had loved the patriarch, Jacob, made him long to have and hold the one that seemed made for his own heart. As these thoughts invaded his mind with their looming emotions he was forced to drive them away, offer a brief prayer and turn to leave. 
As he passed out through the doorway there, on the steps, not more than two paces away, stood an older man dressed in an earthen colored cloak. Its thickly woven hood came far around the man's head and his staff was positioned directly in front of him dividing his face, the fingers of his hands gripping the staff tightly, just below the level of his chin. He was a middle-aged man without hair on the top of his head and he had a rather long beard. The borders of the hood framed what was a distinguished-appearing countenance, yet, Nathan thought it rather stern.
In the young man's mind, the figure standing before him looked to be a prophet. Before Nathan could greet him properly, the man spoke. "You are to go to the mountain Hermon!"
The man's words seemed strange and exceedingly straightforward. However, Nathan had no idea what he was talking about. His mind groped for past acquaintances but the face did not present itself readily. Then, even as he prepared to make some sort of reply, he wondered to himself, could this be the obscure Prophet known as Gad?" 
"Pray tell me, sir, who you are, and why you make such a statement to me. I have never been to Hermon!"
"I am Gad of Judah, a Prophet of the Lord God, and I say this to you because He who made all things has commanded me to seek you out and give you this message with my own lips." The man spoke, but his expression changed little. His eyes seemed to be drilling right through Nathan, setting the young man a bit on edge. 
"I am honored to meet you, as I have heard so much. . .” Nathan began but was quickly interrupted by the older man. 
"We Prophets are but simple vessels. We do as the Lord God commands, performing nothing on our own. We need not ascribe too much esteem to one above the other, though age is a thing worthy of honor." The man spoke solemnly.
Nathan had heard of the remarkable deeds attributed to the Prophet and was tempted to recall at least one of the greater so that he might demonstrate his sense of deference but, somehow, thought better of it. "Yet, I am very pleased to meet you." Nathan humbly replied, being a little leery of saying more. 
"Indeed, it is my honor to meet you, Nathan of Bethel!" The man spoke again, cutting it off abruptly. Nathan did not miss the fact that he had used the word honor in his own greeting himself, and thought it strange, as he felt certain that the man had just chided him, though perhaps only slightly, for the use of the word! After speaking, he only continued to stare into the face of the younger man. 
"Perhaps you could tell me, for what purpose I am to go to Hermon?” Nathan enquired. 
"I cannot give you details concerning that, but what I can tell you is that you are to go there and meet the holy man, Anakia, who lives on the upper slopes. He has been expecting your arrival for some time!" 
"He has been expecting my arrival for some time you say?” Nathan looked down at the earth for a moment feeling a little cautious about saying more, but then felt prompted to do so. "How long has he expected me then?"
"Oh, since way before you came from your mother's womb! The holy man knew you would be delayed by the threads of many events! But, as the Lord God lives, this man shall soon see the last of his days. It is now time that you journey to him." 
"Truly, I hope you don't think me rude, but why cannot the man convey to me his wishes by a messenger?"
"It is not a message which he wishes you to have, rather, it is a book!"
"A book?” Just the word kindled a powerful new interest in Nathan, for books of any kind were exceptionally rare and now the Prophet seems to be saying that the holy man wants to give one to him. "Do you perhaps know what the book contains?"
For the first time the man looked away for only a moment and then returned his fixed attention upon Nathan while he answered. "It is the Wá Shadani, Or Book of The Watching!
Some of the older Prophets called it by its Hebrew name Ro'eh Natan or the Book which foretells things to come. But its true name is the Wá Shadani! 
"The book is very important and you must read and understand the writings, for in time you will impart this knowledge to the King, who is chosen to write of them himself. For our King, in some respects, is also a Prophet like you and I, and he will receive visions and speak and write of these things. But the book, which will be in your keeping and protection, will open up his mind to the great intentions that the Lord our God has decreed. Therefore, you must make haste and go to the holy man at Mt. Hermon."
Nathan well understood that a Prophet must be always ready to avail himself to perform the desires of the Lord God and so, he answered accordingly. “I have been summoned by the King and must see him, but after that I will with all haste, set off on my journey to Hermon, and do as you have instructed me."
"Go in peace!” Gad offered and then turned to leave. 
With all of this, and it was truly pleasing to the young Prophet, yet his heart had not been able to shake off the feelings his visit to the tomb had provoked, and thus he quickly, but gently placed his hand on the man's shoulder to delay him for one moment. "Wait!” Nathan asserted more forcefully than he meant to. 
The older Prophet halted but did not turn about. Rather, he spoke. 

"Love the Lord your God with all your heart and all your might and soul and strength! 

These are words that a man could ponder all the days of his life are they not?" Gad replied still looking completely away from Nathan. 
"I try to keep them before my eyes at all times, Master!"
"Yes, I believe you do!" spoke the Prophet in cordial tones. "So surely you have considered that the Lord God would not ask of us something that He, Himself, does not do with much greater zeal! Does He not love us with all His heart? We are the delight of his eyes. Yet, He has His purposes and every heart must be tested!" Gad said this and then took another step to leave. 
"But please, can you not . . ." Nathan could not finish the words for Gad abruptly turned and placed his hand fully upon the shoulder of the young man. 
"No, I cannot. I can tell you nothing of the matter of which you wish me to speak. It is between the Lord and you. Go in peace!"
Nathan dropped his gaze downward for a moment and couldn't help being disappointed but then, resigning his heart, lifted his face and replied cordially. "It has been an honor, Master. Go in peace!"
 
Within a day Nathan had loaded his white mule with all provisions and directed his steps toward Hermon.
He would walk, leading his mule, who was needed to carry provisions for a journey that would take at least five days, and that, just to reach the mountain. Though Nathan knew he could make inquiries as to where the holy man dwelt, he was still not certain of just how long it might take him to ascend the mountain in his efforts to reach him. He carried many extra supplies just in case the journey took longer than anticipated.
Nathan was keenly aware of one certain thing. His traveling would take him right by the home of Kezmin's uncle, and it would be easy to stop and see her for a little, but, in his heart he knew that he should not. A Prophet must execute God's command with directness and expediency as Nathan would surely do, but it was not without exercising great constrain! He had not been able to spend any time with her for almost two months, and his heart longed deeply to join her. He now led his mule up the wide road north with these thoughts filling his head! 

After two long days of hard walking Nathan was well into his journey on the northern side of Shechem, which he had avoided. He had now entered into the mountainous regions of west Manasseh as darkness fell, and there he set about spreading his camp under the skies where he prepared a satisfying dinner, and was now leaned back against a rock thinking, as the campfire began to burn down. 
It might have been his leaving the common roads and traveling the more isolated route, that caused the incursion of loneliness within his heart, or, maybe it was just where his life was, but whatever the cause, he had just passed by the city where Kezmin lived and his heart was heavy with what, to him, was becoming an unbearable sense of lacking in his life. How could he continue on without her? Why did God not speak to these matters? Prophets do not marry without knowing the will of God, but he had been faithful in waiting!
Almost ten years before, as little more than a boy, he had made his way into the marketplace of Shechem and met the girl who now possessed his heart. How wonderful were those memories! And Nathan had begun to feel more frequently that the visits would no longer sustain him. His heart was weary with being alone. Tonight as the young man lay back thinking of the one he loved more than life itself, his heart felt as if it could bear no more! 
Before Zenmarria, the Lord's Angel, had appeared to him that night, he was ready to settle it and take Kezmin as his wife. But that event changed everything. His life was suddenly hurled into a whirlwind of work, activity and, yes, even notoriety, or perhaps more properly, renown!
No one could love the work given to them any more than he and, yet now, after these years, he found that its purpose seemed unfulfilled without the person he loved being there to share it all. Life often seemed empty and tonight his soul threatened to burst with feelings that he could no longer control!
How silent were these woods where he now sat in quiet contemplation! How silent was the world tonight! He wished to shake off these dispiriting thoughts and quickly arose and took up his staff to push the end of a log further into the burning flames. He wanted to grow tired and sleep but it seemed far from him this night. Now, leaning upon his staff and looking deeply into the burning embers, his grief overwhelmed him, his jaw trembled. Inexplicable emotions were screaming within the deepest regions of his mind. At this moment they were, to him, as wild beasts clawing to escape the cage of his soul, and they would not relent! Suddenly, holding the upper end of the rod in one hand and spreading his arms wide as he turned partly about, his voice broke the silence! It was a cry of desperation that leapt from his lips, and as he turned he looked up into the heavens as if to speak to God himself. "Why will You not answer me? Will I be tested in this matter until my bones have waxed bent and frail? How long will you try your servant?" Nathan called out into the night air and his eyes, filled with pain and anger, searched the stars of the heavens as if for answering eyes that could be pleaded with, argued with, but they only continued to flicker back as if to mock him!
He was still for a moment and there was not so much as a faint echo of his voice. "Please do not be silent with your servant any longer. I need to hear from You, O God! All I need is a sure sign. Just a sign which I know is from You!” 
There was another long silence.
And then, as if he could hold back all that was in his heart no longer, it burst forth! All his pain and heartache poured out from his depths as if a great avalanche of unspeakable grief was at last let loose from the unfathomable depth of his being. “O God, I am confounded! My tears are bitter. Am I a wilderness? Do I not feel as other men feel? Have I not known the warmth and joy of a lover's embrace, only to have it cruelly ripped away each time we must part? And thus it is repeated seemingly endlessly?" And with these last words, the Prophet's voice had truly lifted in anger!
Both hands grabbed the staff and lifted it and struck one of the disintegrating logs, from the top of the fire, watching it fling away until it rolled to a stop several paces from his feet. The anger within him began to overwhelm his sense of caution and the agony he had felt for all the years of aloneness began to press his heart and lips. 
"And Kezmin, is she a garden which shall never bloom for my sake? Is this right or fair? Do You hear me? What more have I to say to her? Shall I tell her God demands it thus? Sadness hides in her eyes. It haunts me like the sound of the dove in the night wood!” 
"Yet, You will not speak! But then, why should You speak? You are upon your throne and I am upon the earth! Whether I come or go, of what matter is that?" These last words spilled out of him with utter bitterness, yet instantly, he regretted them so deeply! And, so, as he stood there he added with quivering voice, "yet . . . I am your servant, O God!" Emotion tore away at his fragile constraints as he haltingly and brokenly repeated, "I am Your . . . Your . . . servant, Oh God!"
There, in that hidden and lonely place he crumbled to his knees, and brought his hands up to catch the hot tears running down his face. He was unable to hold back as his whole body heaved with the unbearable pain spilling forth from his distraught heart!
Nathan, the young Prophet, the failure of Gilboa and victor of Jerusalem, bowed himself low until his face touched the earth, and he wept for his words, rashly spoken, for his heartbreak, for Kezmin and, most of all, for the continuing silence!
There was only the sound of quiet but agonizing sobs left to fill the surrounding night! Yet, in time he did sleep, and God, who is ever faithful, did hear the words of his grief!

The young Prophet was growing frustrated as he slowly led his mule up the rocky path that runs gradually upward along the south side of Mt Hermon. Two days ago, he had been directed here with great assurances that it would eventually take him to the house of the holy man. He was beginning to question that. 
Suddenly, he was startled by the rather loud call, from a voice above him, as it burst in upon the otherwise quiet surrounding. "I know you! Yes . . . yes I do know you!" The voice emphatically called out. "Are you not the young Prophet of Bethel? Oh, never mind! I know you are. Indeed you are the young Prophet of Bethel! At last! At last! The young Prophet of Bethel, the man who will give the nations a King!"
Nathan was forced to bend slightly as his eyes sought out the source of the voice coming to him. There, a good distance above on a rocky ledge, stood the striking figure of a man in his later years. His appearance was engaging, to say the least! 
It was not a tall man that stood there, but nor was he short. Hair of a most pure white fell down his back further than any man's Nathan had ever met. A long beard, of equal whiteness, descended nearly down to his hands which were positioned one on the other, palms downward, atop a crooked, wooden cane. The heavy robe-like garment was a rich and vibrant blue and was tied at the center with a great, black belt. His eyes were piercing but kind as he fastened them upon the young visitor. 
A sense of relief filled Nathan's mind for having, at last, located the person he had sought for so many days. He was thinking that, surely, the man's house was nearby, for he had grown very weary with his traveling, and desired rest. 
It was a strange proclamation with which the man met Nathan, but he shrugged it off, feeling perhaps he simply didn't understand the meaning of the other mans words. He eagerly replied. "You must be Anakia! I am honored and humbled, Master! May I come up to you?"
"Oh, yes," the man called back, "I have waited these nearly seventy years that you should come up to me! And the honor is certainly . . . oh yes, most certainly, mine, all together . . . mine!"
There was a brief silence as the man stared down at Nathan with an expression of great happiness upon his face, but then he suddenly lifted his arm, calling to him again. "There is a small path over to your right which will allow you to reach me. Your mule will do well there also. I will wait for you yonder at the great rock!” 
Anakia pointed over to his far left and Nathan pulled his mule in that direction. How quaint was the dwelling to which the holy man led his weary visitor. It was perched on top of a rather broad outcrop of rock. At the man's bidding, Nathan tied his mule to some bushes amid plenty of grass. This was situated at the foot of a curved set of stone steps leading up to an open gateway above. The man was forced to take each step carefully and slowly, leaning hard upon his cane, and he did not speak as he did so. At last, they arrived at the top, which opened up into a lovely court of perfectly placed white limestone. 
To Nathan's mind, its beauty was almost unearthly. Vines and stone, well-crafted wood, inlays and carvings of exquisite design, all filled the young man's vision, causing him to pause. Plants pruned to flawless perfection, as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers, several fruit bearing trees, and lush hangs of grapes, stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water, all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness. Truly, it was nearly astounding to look upon. Certainly Nathan had never seen anything like it, in his entire life! 
The small house, which set in the midst of all of this, was also of an extraordinary and unique beauty. The young Prophet stood in one place, and examined all very carefully, moved by its extreme orderliness and near perfection. 
Soon the man made his way to a nice sized stone bench, and after being seated very slowly, he beckoned for Nathan to be seated as well. When the young man did so, he was instantly presented a splendid scene of the valley below. It was the first time he had viewed it, because the path that he had followed up the mountain was along a narrow canyon and gave no opportunity for this kind of view. It was absolutely breathtaking and Nathan was amazed at the wonderful scenes that stretched out before him!
The man sat silently for a long while, knowing that his visitor was very much taken with the sight of the vast valley. After a bit he spoke. "It is the land that the Lord God promised to Abraham, Father of the Hebrews. It is where Jerusalem sits, and it is the home of Messiah when he appears!" Anakia spoke softly. 
They both looked out over the valley for a longer while, as if in reverence to something that neither of them could really completely grasp. "I am sorry that you had to make such a long journey, but I know why you are here!" Anakia spoke. 
"Yes, Gad sent me here for the book, the Wá Shadani!" Nathan rejoined as he turned to look at the man addressing him. 
"Gad, you say?" Anakia asked with an inquisitive expression on his face. 
"Yes, Gad the Prophet. He came to Hebron, and gave me the message to come to you!"
"I do not know Gad the Prophet, but I do know of the Wá Shadani. In fact, I have been its guardian for nearly seventy years, but that may very well change now.” The holy man answered, and Nathan could see just the slightest shadow of sadness pass over his face. 
"Only as it pleases you, Master!" Nathan answered softly. 
"Oh, it does please me, indeed, but first you must tell me about the King who now sits on his throne in Jerusalem, is he a good King or no?” Anakia turned and pressed the question to Nathan, with a look of great expectation on his face.
Nathan sighed ever so lightly before answering. Not because he dreaded to reply but because he hardly knew where to begin. "There was a time that I did not understand the man who now sits on the throne at Jerusalem. But God has seen fit to enlighten me concerning the King. He is a good man and his heart is pure. No man, judge or King, has ever ruled Israel with a heart so full of zeal for the Lord God. From a youth he has written songs and psalms to the glory of the Lord God, and his heart is for his people Israel." 
Nathan's words were light and enthusiastic, and Anakia knew he meant them in sincerity. And by these words he also knew, for certain, that this was truly the Prophet of which Mystavia foretold, so many years before. 
"Aw, at last! Then you are to be the keeper of the book, my young friend. You are to be the keeper of the book! Come!" Anakia beckoned as he slowly rose from the bench. "There is no reason to delay your seeing it. It is here upon the table. I have been reading from it these many years!” 
Anakia walked over to a small table and removed a covering made of animal skins, which had been lying over a large book. Nathan came and stood at his side. It was a marvelous book, truly. 
The book was wrapped in a backing of leather that was dyed a deep brown but, upon it, was a strange, black symbol. A middle circle covered a large portion of the book, and this had four interlacing circles and another which was incomplete located at its bottom. 
"The Wá Shadani!" Anakia announced. "It is the Book of the future!"
Nathan slowly ran his hand over the book with great gentleness, letting his fingers trace the etchings of the symbol. 
Anakia knew what was in his mind and spoke before he asked. His words were slow but deliberate and he used his long forefinger to trace each portion of the symbol as he spoke. "The large inner circle represents the whole of existence as the sons of Adam experience it. The uppermost circle, which overlaps this, stands for the power and authority of the Creator who made all things. The first circle to the right is emblematic of the Spirit of God and His power concerning the affairs of man. The circle to the immediate left of the uppermost circle symbolizes the mighty Cherubim race and their glorious interactions with man. Then, there is this one," and now Anakia placed his finger upon the sphere beside the partial circle located at the bottom of the symbol. "This one represents the Prophets of the earth, both now and those which are to come, on whose words will hinge all that occurs before the great Day of the Lord, and the appearing of ShadowGod or Messiah!" 
For a moment he paused, but soon continued. "The partial circle is for man, who is not complete now, but abides still in his lower state. But, when Shiloh comes, all will be changed and the righteous sons of Adam shall become as the sons of the Lord God!"
Anakia allowed Nathan to examine the book carefully and, as he looked upon the youth, he saw himself so many years before when he had first lifted the book from the shelf of the cave, carried it out into the sunlight, and begun to read. He loved to see the fascination that was evident on the face of the young Prophet standing before him. 
"How old is the book?" Nathan asked with an incredulous expression on his face. 
"I truly cannot tell you that. It was here when I came to this place as only a young lad!' Again Anakia was silent.
Nathan slowly turned each of the twelve clay tablets, which the book contained, and read brief sections on each page. There was much writing that it took him a long while to read, and some of it he could not comprehend for it was of a language different to that of his own people's language, or even those that he had studied. 
"You must now study this book, and know all that is to come concerning the redemption of the chosen. When you speak to the King, you will tell him that you have the message of God, then you will give him light concerning Messiah. But, you must not speak any prophecy to him out of this book, except those which are here from the writing of Moses. Nor must he ever know of or lay eyes upon the book itself. It is not meant to be. The King’s visions must be his own!" With that, the older man sat himself down at the table and, again, bid Nathan to do the same. "What I speak to you now is of the utmost importance, so please bear with me if I grow lengthy."
"Please, I am eager to hear all that you have to teach me. Leave nothing out, for your servant listens!" 
The older man began to speak very slowly. "This is the message that I am to give to you. First, you must understand that your King does not comprehend Messiah. The prophecies of Shiloh are more than a thousand years old, and men have ceased to believe in them. To so many in Israel, it is a vague and seemingly unrealistic prophecy. I am afraid the King is no different because he knows no better. In his mind, as of yet, these prophecies do not have great importance and, because he sees it happening very far into the future, he chooses to disregard it, for the most part.” 
"You must change this. Yet you must not communicate these prophecies directly to him. However, you will find that there is no need to do so, for he will dream dreams and see visions and write of things which are to come. And when he understands that they are in agreement with those things that you have uttered to him, he will also understand their importance, and will commit them to the children of Israel in the form of songs and psalms."
The holy man hesitated for a moment and looked deeply into Nathan's eyes before he continued. "The second important thing for you to understand is that this King, King David, is himself, in very deed, a foreshadowing of Messiah. From the day that Holy Samuel anointed him with oil he was, and will always be, three things; King, Priest and Prophet. None in Israel before him have been such, nor will any follow. As King he will rule his people with righteousness. As priest, he is given the authority to offer sin offering, and as Prophet he will see and tell of things to come. In these ways his very life will come to represent a foreshadowing of Blessed Messiah for the glorious Deliverer, or Shiloh as he is called, will also be King, Priest and Prophet! Therefore, this King’s place among men is forever blessed!"
"But yours, young Prophet of Bethel, is as well. For you will, one day, write down all these things in a book which the nations of the earth will come to regard, with great esteem!" 

The Prophet Nathan stayed with Anakia for more than two months, learning the languages and writings of the Wá Shadani as well as many of the other books in the holy man’s collection. Moreover, he learned many great things from the holy man himself, and, in the time that he was there with him, his heart was prepared for the great task that lay before him. At last he prepared to leave, though in many ways he regretted that he must. 
As Nathan was loading his mule for the journey that lay before him, Anakia spoke once more. "There is one more thing that I must tell you. Even as we stand here talking, there is, in Jerusalem, a subtle gathering up of kindling from which will ignite a great fire. Its unquenchable flames shall continue to consume for years to come. David, the King shall soon be tested in a way that he is not expecting! Sadly, he will fail, and that most utterly!" Anakia, as was his way, halted for a brief time and looked steadfastly into the face of the young Prophet whose eyes had quickly taken on a distressed appearance. 
"I must warn him! Tell me of this test that I may speak to him privately, and so prevent this evil thing from happening!" Nathan's words were emphatic and deeply sincere. 
Anakia was slowly shaking his head back and forth, indicating that this could not be. "I cannot tell you this thing, for the King must be tested. And, yes, the pages of his life will now be blemished with the stains of an iniquity of unfathomable depths. You and you alone, must go to him and rebuke him most powerfully, for no other man will do so because they fear the King. However, if the King is allowed to continue in his folly, the nation of Israel will most surely be destroyed. You must wait and give space for the King's own willing repentance. But if he does not, you must go unto him, and pronounce the judgment, which the Lord God Himself shall speak unto you."
The man leaned heavily upon his cane and waited for Nathan to speak, but he did not. His eyes were wide with horror and he only stared at the earth not knowing what to speak. "I only tell you these things to soften the blow and prepare your heart for the trial that is sure to come. But I bid you, be at peace, for David shall yet fulfill his destiny, and shall, notwithstanding this time of blackness, arise to be the greatest King Israel will ever know. Let that knowledge cheer your heart in days to come!"
"I must stand beside him then, if God so desires!"
"Indeed, you shall be as he that takes the hand of one in the flames and guides him to refuge! May it be so! And know this as well, all things which fall across the path of the righteous are allowed by the decree of God, even our failures!"
Somehow these words caused the young Prophet to rest the matter in God's hands and slowly he turned and continued to load his mule, his mind, nonetheless, pondering deeply the words he had just heard.
At last it was time to place the books within his pack, as well. When they were placed safely within the deep leather pouches that hung on either side of the mule Nathan pulled the beast around and prepared to say his farewell. 
"I wish that I could somehow rightly express what it has meant to me to have met you and to have learned from you. May the Lord God truly continue to bless your every deed." Nathan warmly expressed, and the two embraced. 
"You, as well, young Prophet of Bethel. And I have one more thing to say to you." And with these words the elderly man reached his hand out and took hold of Nathan's arm firmly, wishing to emphasize the importance of what he was about to say. "Watch for the sign . . . it is very near!" Then he took his hand away and placed it back upon the top of the cane he leaned upon. 
Nathan looked puzzled at the words and didn't know really just what to make of them. "A sign . . . .” 
But Anakia lifted his hand again, as if to halt his speaking, and repeated, "Watch!"
"As you say master!” Nathan wanted to ask what the sign was to be about, his work, the sacred book, the King, Kezmin? But he pressed the matter no further.
Anakia then spoke his final words to see the young Prophet off. "Go in peace, for your work is only beginning. May generations remember your name and rise up to bless you for all that you will do."
With that, Nathan smiled in a friendly manner, turned and pulled on the rope about his mule's neck, and began the journey that would take him back down the mountainside, and back to Bethel. 
As he disappeared between the rocks and trees, Anakia looked on. He watched as the books, the Wá Shadani and the others, left him forever, his heart beating slower, and sadness engulfing his entire being like a cloud. It was as if his whole life was being taken away from him on the back of the young man's animal, and, indeed, it was so, though the Prophet was seemingly little aware of it. 
Anakia, the holy man stood and watched until, upon his frail legs and feet, he could stand no longer. At last he turned away!
**********
As Nathan slowly made his way back down the mountain, he could not prevent the longing within him to share all that had happened with Kezmin. The deep stirring of pleasant emotions, almost overwhelming, took hold of Nathan as he, at last, made his way to her uncle's home where the two of them walked together down a lovely path that skirted a trickling brook. 
It was still early in the afternoon, and Kezmin's aunt was preparing them a meal so the two of them had decided to stroll across the lovely meadow to the brook that ran just beyond. 
"I am sorry that I have been away so long, and I have missed you terribly.” Nathan spoke softly to Kezmin, as the two of them made their way along the side of the stream, in and out of the shade, and sometimes stepping on the flat rocks scattered along the side of the waters. 
"You know I understand, Nathan. I know, in my heart, that if you could be here, you would be. All things are well.” Kezmin smiled as she looked up at the face of the one she had come to love so deeply. "Besides, I envy this journey you made to the north 
"Well I have had my own little adventure!” Kezmin said with a smile. "I, too, had a rather strange thing happen to me just a few weeks past, and I have something beautiful I wish to show you!" 
She then reached into the soft folds of her outer clothing, and pulled the small golden necklace into view, holding the lovely pendant attached to it up so that Nathan could view it. 
"I had a very delightful visitor. . . ."
"Where did you get this?” Nathan interrupted, with a startled look on his face, reaching at the same time to quickly take the pendant into his own hand. 
"Well, I was about to say that a stranger in our land, a man of the Moabite nation, was coming down this way from the north and, as he came through our city, he stopped at my uncle's stand. Well, that entire affair was a thing of its own, too, but, alas, it was he who placed the pendant in my hand and bid me to keep it as a treasured object forever! Do you not think it is the most beautiful stone you have ever laid eyes upon? Uncle says it is a ruby!” Kezmin asked somewhat haltingly. Her eyes took on a slightly worried expression as she looked up, trying to understand the meaning of Nathan's strange reaction. 
At that point Nathan was completely silent and, to Kezmin, he appeared totally engrossed as he examined the stone's appearance. His mind was working feverishly in an effort to comprehend all that he was seeing. Then, he began to turn the pendant over repeatedly as he continued to examine it ever so carefully, all the while having a look of sheer amazement upon his pale face! 
At last he answered. "It is truly the most beautiful stone I have ever laid eyes upon. But it is not my first time to see it, for it is, without question, the stone of Annashia, my mother. It was given to her many years ago by my own father!" Having said that, and, while glancing to see the mystified look that was now on Kezmin's face, he reached inside his own clothing and pulled free a long golden necklace on which there was a pendant that looked just as hers, except that its stone was a deep, gorgeous blue. As Nathan turned it over before their eyes, Kezmin could readily see that there was an empty slot on its reverse side and, in her mind's eye, she could also see that her own pendant, once removed from its chain, would fit it perfectly. She stood, stunned at what she was seeing. 
They were both silent for a long while as Nathan took Kezmin's stone, placed it carefully into its rightful slot, and held it up for them both to admire. He lifted it up high by the delicate chain of the necklace and allowed it to twirl around freely, exhibiting both sides as it spun slowing in front of their eyes, the sunlight causing both stones to sparkle delightfully. 
"It is the sign which Anakia spoke of!” Nathan cried emphatically. He was silent for some time as he looked around with an expression that appeared like he didn't really know actually what to think. "It is the sign I have sought for so very long. I do not know how this happened, but I know it is an answer at last from the Lord God concerning taking you as my wife!” Nathan had spoken these last words with little more than a whisper and looked ever so deeply into Kezmin's eyes as he did.
Then, he took her in his arms and kissed her, as they embraced for a very long while. At last he held her at arms length and spoke again. "I know the Moabite you speak of. Some years ago I sat with him in his camp when I was on my way down to Jerusalem. He invited me to spend the night with him around his fire and he fed me a delicious meal. Somehow he came into possession of the stone!"
"Are you saying that he stole it from you?” Kezmin asked, even more mystified than ever. 
"Never! He is a good man and a lover of our God. Besides, I remember well placing my hand upon it that morning as I awoke, which is a thing I do every morning. At that time it was still there as it should be. "No, looking back now, I am sure I lost it nearby the fire as I made preparation to leave his camp the next morning. Somehow, he must have found the stone and kept it, hoping to return it in due time.” 
"But, the mystery is how he ever would have known you, or have been able to find you, without any knowledge of who you were or where he could locate you. No! No, he could not have even known you for I only slightly mentioned to him that I had someone special in my heart. No other words passed between us concerning you. Yet, he, somehow, by the will of God placed this stone belonging to my mother into your hands these many years later. It is a marvelous thing, which I am sure, our God has performed!" 
The more Kezmin heard, the more she had to agree that this thing could not have been a coincidence, but something in which the hand of God most surely must have played a part. 
Nathan had to fight back tears for a moment, but these were nothing less than the expression of a greater joy than he had ever experienced before in his life! "God has spoken! God has at last spoken!"
Nathan then lifted the necklace that now held both stones and gently placed it around Kezmin's neck. "This is where it belongs. From the day I first met you on that early morning in the marketplace, I have wanted to do this. Now, the Lord God of Israel has granted me this great desire, that I might put this question to you at last. Kezmin, will you consent to being my wife?"
There would be no describing the look of purest joy that engulfed the face of the lovely Kezmin of Shechem. With joy gushing from the depth of her very soul, she wrapped her arms around Nathan's neck and cried out. "Yes! A thousand times over, Yes!"
There they embraced and Nathan lifted her up and swung her around, so great was his joy. He kissed her and held her soft cheek again his own as their two heartbeats became one!
**********
Far south of Jerusalem, where lies the barren wilderness of Zin, there was, at present, a great commotion and stirring, within the unhallowed recesses of the Black Towers. This bustle of unrest grew rapidly and progressively worse as Tarkan conferred with other dark spirits, concerning recent developments attributed to the King who was now seated at Salem. 
Tarkan, the fiendish demon who was second only to Ha-Satan, was presently standing upon a black perch projecting from the craggy sides of the vast and foul-smelling pits and elongated ravines, which served as a meeting place for fallen spirits. Like creeping insects they had congregated together as a swarm, and, presently, filled the air with their relentless and despicable, moaning and hissing. 
When Tarkan began to speak, all became quiet. "It has been reported to me by many of our own that this King, which men refer to as King David, of whom we already have grave suspicions, has written a certain ode containing . . . prophecy!” 
"As all of you know our God, Ha-Satan looks upon this contemptible human as being a great threat to the pillars of the Dark Kingdom, perhaps far greater than his predecessor, the man Saul. For Saul built a monarchy and united the people, but this man builds a lineage!" 
"Indeed, he very well may establish the lineage through which Messiah will attempt to come forth upon the earth, a thing which we must endeavor to prevent at all costs! At any rate, I must say that the lyric in question appears to have very possibly come to him by inspiration of the One, for it speaks of things which, if the King spoke of himself, would be utterly nonsensical." 
"For that reason I find myself suffering indecision as to whether I should convey this matter, to His Supremacy or wait until more comes of it!" As he paused, a great rush of grating and insufferable noise rose up out of the black ravines where this depraved congregation stood. It continued until Tarkan again began to speak. "Hear, if your ears can bear it, the words of this bold lyric, and tell me if it is possible that it may be true prophecy or no. For it is not like the old prophecy, which states plainly the intentions of the One; but these words, if they are prophecies, are rather hidden mysteriously among other words and strains of worship, so that I myself missed their meaning, if, again, it is true that they have . . . meaning." 
"Raiba tells me that they do have significance, and that the King breaks in upon his own adjurations to subtlety disperse predictions in his own words, as if he himself were Messiah speaking. It is all very disgusting and difficult to sort out, as you will see!" Even before he had finished uttering these things there arose such an outburst of pure hideousness that he was forced to halt, and wait a long while before continuing.
Then he lifted his great, gnarled extremity, and began again. "Now, I should explain one or two matters which may possibly simplify the task of comprehending these strange utterances. First, carefully set in place before the actual words that are suspect, are several lines of adoration and praise, though they reflect a mental aberration on the King's part, so far as I am concerned. Nevertheless, it is after these that there is this engrafting of words that we question. You must study these words, and tell me your conclusion with great haste."
At this, the fiend threw his crooked and boney head to one side, grunting strangely, a motion accompanied by a long howl, which sounded almost as if he were in pain, before snapping his head back quickly, and then continuing. "Hear this all you black spirits of Dread Towers, I find it difficult to express, what intense revulsion and detestation I have at having to recite these nauseating words verbally. However, we must endure for the sake of expediency! Therefore, let us begin."
Then the creature opened his mouth and began. . . . 

"Therefore my heart is glad and my tongue rejoices; my body also will rest secure, because you will not abandon me to the realm of the dead, nor will you let your Holy One see decay. 
You make known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand." 

Tarkan spit after reciting the words and even made as if he would vomit before composing himself once again. "Well, there you have them. Now then, we simply must admit that the words are truly cryptic and even the King's own priests talk of them as being a great mystery, for they ask each other if the King hopes to live forever, that is, that he will not decay as all other men when he has suffered death and is placed in his tomb!"
"Raiba tells me that this conclusion is absurd, and that the priests are all stupid and so, cannot comprehend the hidden meaning. Further, Raiba assures me that the words speak of Messiah and that it means, as strangely as it might sound, that he, that is Messiah, should one day be put to death and yet shall return from the dead before his body can decay!" Again Tarkan was silent for a long while, as he allowed his underlings to digest the strange notions presented by the King's words! 
At length he began to speak again. "The idea that the King might refer to himself not seeing death is insane, for he has had no such promise or indication on which to hold such a ludicrous idea. No, to suggest that he speaks of himself is stupid and nothing more. So, it appears that he speaks of another. Who that may be is for you to figure out!"
"And those disturbing words,

'You make known to me the path of life;' 

Is that possibly the same as saying, ‘You show me the way back to life’? Or something of that order?" 
"These things elude me! They are exceedingly frustrating! I adjure all of you who have any power for thinking left, that you interpret the meaning of these words so that I will know if it is important enough to relay to His Supremacy, Ha Satan. If they do speak of Messiah, it makes it possible that he may come upon the scene at any time. That’s right, in other words, he could be a child of this very king who sits on his throne today. We, of course have no way to know when he may appear, but there certainly would be nothing to prevent his being born tomorrow! We must prevent this at all cost. "
At his concluding of these words, the great commotion and screaming, with hissing and groaning, again arose from the pit!
Tarkan turned and leapt up to a high ridge where he sat his huge body down and pondered the strange words himself!
**********
What a grand affair was the marriage of Kezmin and Nathan the Prophet. The ceremony was held at the King’s palace and many attended from all over Israel. It was truly glorious! 
In the following years God spoke to Nathan in various ways and Nathan performed miracles at the bidding of the Lord God. As a Prophet he grew to be more powerful than any before him and his word came to be both feared and respected in all of Israel!
**********
A magnificent hue of orange rays bathed the western walls and rooftop courts of David's palace as the evening sun began its final decent behind a massive bank of red clouds. The King presently walked along the stone banister of one of his favorite courts, as he looked over the city of Jerusalem, spread out wide beneath him. 
The evening was delightfully pleasant, and it was gratifying to view all the great homes and terraced villas that had, in the last several years, sprang up to reflect the enormous prosperity which Israel had experienced under his rule. 
Looking out causally, his attention was drawn to one of the nearby rooftops, and a scene that was presently unfolding there. As David's mind comprehended what was taking place, he quickly turned his glance away, yet, he stood there, as if his feet were somehow fastened to the ground. A struggle at once ensued within his heart, but it was one that he would lose. Slowly a deliberate decision was made within the King's soul, and, turning back, he allowed his eyes to gaze upon the forbidden sight. 
How stunningly beautiful was the young woman standing there within his view, preparing to bath! The entire scene, now laid out before his eyes, was deeply enchanting and more than a little . . . alluring!
The bathing pool was lavish with lovely gardens and sculptured fountains, green vines and shrubs embracing the sunken bath. Truly the scene was captivating! 
Tall, elegantly fashioned limestone walls surrounded the bath, no doubt giving the young woman a sense of privacy, yet, the entrance was just wide enough that David could easily see her and the bathing pool she was preparing to step down into. The more his eyes studied her beauty, the greater his desire was stirred within, and he found himself greatly desiring to have the one he now gazed upon!
The struggle within his heart was intense, for deep down he realized that he should walk away and put this out of mind. There was no question that he understood fully how terribly great the issues were which were now hanging heavily over his mind. He keenly understand all that might well be at stake! Yet, he pushed all of this aside, and continued to imbibe her astonishing loveliness! For a very long while she bathed and David carefully observed every movement, his lust being inflamed now well beyond his ability to control!
As the moments fled by, the young woman finished her bathing, stepped out of the pool and, after wrapping herself, departed the garden. 
The King retired to his own chambers, and there he sat before a window, and watched dusk turn to dark, all the time, his mind filled with thoughts of the young woman in the pool. 
In truth, David's entire being was swallowed up with desire and, at last, he stood up with one determination fixed intently within his mind, he would have this creature of beauty and he would have her now!
The servant that answered David's call, did so with a strong sense of alarm, for he was certain that, by the tone of His Majesty's voice, he had very likely done something amiss. 
The King had his arms stretched out and hands placed on each side of the window, as he stood leaning against it, still looking out into the darkness, as the servant entered his bed chamber.
"Your Majesty, I am here, ready to serve you my Lord?” The servant spoke with a slight nervousness to his voice, and that was uncommon, for David was always good to his household. Yet, the man sensed something different about the King this evening, and it had placed him a bit on edge. 
David never turned to confront the middle-aged attendant in the eyes but, rather, began to speak as he continued to look out. "There is a young woman, very fair, whose dwelling is near the palace, and she has come to . . . well, to please the King. I . . . , we met this evening while I was out, and I wish to know more about her. You will go out and come back to me in all haste with word concerning the young woman, as well as all that you can find out about her situation. Is that understood?"
"Yes, my Lord. Consider it accomplished!" The servant replied with a little more ease in his voice. 
"I believe that you will find her home very near this place here. Search this area first!" David had backed away from the window a slight distance and was pointing downward into the general area of the rooftop where he had watched the young woman bathe. The servant then walked up close behind the King and looked down where he was pointing!
"Speak of this to no one, and come back to me with word of all that you are able to determine, as quickly as you possibly can!" The King spoke these words, yet he did not look his servant in the eyes. 
"Yes, my Lord! Certainly. I will see to it without delay. I will return with all speed! May I go my Lord?"
"You may go!” 
As the servant left the room David turned and sat himself down on the side of his bed . . . waiting. In only a short while the same servant returned to David with the knowledge he sought. 
"She is Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, and the wife of Uriah the Hittite, Your Majesty." The servant bowed as he spoke these words to the King and waited for his reply.
The words, "the wife of Uriah the Hittite," had cut into David’s soul like a knife and for a long while he sat in silence while his servant waited and was, once again, growing nervous. 
How deeply David had hoped she was not taken! And, more than ever, he realized that he should turn away from this evil, but it seemed that he could not! All his mind would allow were the images of her loveliness passing before his eyes and stabbing his heart with a lust that he had never before known. How it burned within his soul!
How could someone be so absolutely beautiful in every respect? Over and over he called up scenes of her beauty, her long shining black hair falling gently over her pale shoulders, her perfect features and deep enchanting eyes. There as the King sat upon the side of his bed, he craved to have her to himself and thus the decision was finalized! He was the King! He would have her!
David abruptly arose from where he was seated and began to give his servant new instructions. "Go to the young woman, Bathsheba, and speak these very words. ‘His Majesty beckons you and implores you to come to him at once, indeed, this very evening, for the King has favorable matters which he wishes to speak to you!"
After expressing this message David's face became unusually stern as he addressed his servant further. "See to it that this thing is done with all secrecy! I will hold you and you alone accountable should anyone else ever come to know of this meeting until I have told you otherwise!"
"When you have returned to the palace, dismiss all my attendants and bring the woman to my own chambers. Tell her that I will surely come to her quickly!"
As the King had ordered, so it was accomplished, and, soon, the lovely Bathsheba was waiting in the King's private quarters. When David was informed that all had been made ready, and that Bathsheba waited for him, he dismissed his personal attendant, and quickly made his way down the hall to his own bed chambers. 
Upon approaching the entrance he stood with his hand ready to open the door. For a moment it seemed that he could not do this deed! It was as if his hand would not lift the latch! So many things entered his mind and, as he paused momentarily and gave way to these sobering thoughts, he almost turned, about to leave. Yet, he remained! And, though he knew full well that when he lifted the latch he would take a path from which there was no return, yet his hand did, at last, lift upward until he heard the click from the far side that told him the door could now be pushed open. He slowly walked into the room and when he did so his life changed forever!
Bathsheba quickly arose and bowed herself low, as David approached her, but just as quickly he took her hand and pulled her upward until they stood face to face. As David looked closely upon her, she appeared to him as the most beautiful woman that he had ever laid eyes upon. In that moment he desired her more than anything in the world!
"My servants tell me you offered no resistance to the idea of coming to your King this night." David spoke softly but with an inquisitive look in his eyes as he waited earnestly for her reply.
Bathsheba was truly young and somewhat shy but her answer was not reserved, for she wished to be forthright and honest with the King. "I consider it a thing to be esteemed that the King takes delight in one such as me. Who am I that you should beckon me but, greater yet, who am I that I should refuse? You have been as the sun rising upon our great nation. What daughter of Israel would feel other than privileged to come to the King if he should beckon!"
David was pleased with her reply and stepped very near where she stood. She trembled lightly before him. Yet, before David would reach out and take her, he felt he must ask her one question more. "Please tell me this one thing, did you know that I watched you as you bathed upon the roof this evening!"
Bathsheba suddenly looked a bit frightened, and cast her eyes downward. Yet, at the same time, she also wished to be truthful. She hesitated before answering. "I . . . I am not sure that I can truthfully say that I was not aware. Perhaps in my heart I have hoped that one night the King might look upon me, and be pleased. I truly am not even sure myself. Forgive me if I seem to elude the question, but that is as honest as I know how to be." 
Then she looked back up into his eyes and added. "Perhaps, deep inside my own soul, where I have not wished to go, I knew it was possible that you could observe me if ever you desired to. If that is true, then I pray you forgive me!"
David, who now only wished to know her completely, gently took her in his arms and kissed her face softly while he answered. "You do not need my forgiveness, but I do require yours!"
Then David took Bathsheba and made love to her. 

The King had no intentions of enjoying only one night of bliss. David's mind was fully made up. In time he would have this woman as his wife. As events unfolded, that was to happen sooner than later. 
As fate would have it, Bathsheba became pregnant with David's child. Therefore, the King found himself entangled in a web from which it would prove impossible to escape! 
In the end, Uriah the Hittite, lawful husband of Bathsheba, must die! David would send him, by the command of Joab, to the thick of battle where his life would be forfeit. So it happened that Uriah died, and David's shame was covered, at least for a short time!
**********
Today the Prophet of Bethel did not walk with the usual crisp and determined steps that most often marked his progress, as he journeyed along the dusty lanes to Jerusalem or, more accurately, to the King's palace, dressed in his black cloak and carrying the staff in his right hand, the Prophet found that it required a diligent determination to take each step forward! For Nathan it was as if a great cloud of darkness had engulfed his entire world. His heart had only known this kind of dejection one other time, and that was while standing on the ridge overlooking the battle of Gilboa, many years before. 
How his heart grieved as he rehearsed the message he must pronounce upon the King! How deeply he wished he could lay the Prophet’s staff aside this one time. The sadness of this pronouncement was unequalled by anything before it! 
As his feet slowly climbed the great steps of David's palace, he wished with all his being that he could escape, that he could shirk this one time, the work laid upon his shoulders, but, he could not. Slowly, then, and with heavy heart, the Prophet entered the palace gate.

"It has been a long while since you have come to visit, Nathan. It is so good to see you!” David warmly spoke to the Prophet as they embraced. Yet, David knew instantly that something very serious was troubling the Prophet. 
"Is all well, my friend? You seem reserved!" David inquired of Nathan upon recognizing the sober expression of his countenance. 
"I am afraid this is not a visit, Sire. I have a matter of importance which I must discuss with you in private if we could,” Nathan answered, his face continuing to look almost distressed. 
"Certainly!” And, with that, David ordered everyone out of the great hall so that they could talk. 
"Now, what is it that troubles you, my friend?"
Nathan did not hesitate, but turned and spoke almost bluntly. "It is a certain matter that I wish the King to hear and know about. Can you bear with me for a moment while I relate it to Your Majesty?"
"You know I would do anything for you, Nathan. Let me hear the matter."
"Very well, Sire!"
"It seems that there were two men in a certain town, one rich and the other poor. The rich man had a very large number of sheep and cattle, but the poor man had nothing except one little ewe lamb he had bought. He raised it, and it grew up with him and his children. It shared his food, drank from his cup and even slept in his arms. It was like a daughter to him."
"Now, a traveler came to the rich man, but the rich man refrained from taking one of his own sheep or cattle to prepare a meal for the traveler who had come to him. Instead, he took the ewe lamb that belonged to the poor man and prepared it for the one who had come to him."
When David heard these words, he was enraged! 
"As surely as the Lord lives, the man who did this must die! He must pay for that lamb four times over, because he did such a thing and had no pity. Then, after he has paid all and made proper restitution, he shall be put to death! I wish to know at once, who this man is?"
For a long while Nathan stood with his face bowed down. It was as if he could not bring himself to answer. 
"Nathan, tell me of whom you speak, for I assure you, that the matter will be put right, before tomorrow's sun is well set in the western sky! Tell me, who is this man?" 
It would have been hard for Nathan to have expressed the love and respect with which he had come to hold the King. Even now, knowing well the stupendous deeds of which he was guilty, Nathan found it hard to utter the words against the King, thus relaying the judgment which God had sent him to pronounce. But, alas, he knew he must speak, and so he did. Ever so slowly he lifted his hand and pointed his finger straight at David. "You, Sire, . . . you are the man!"
David was stunned. "What are you saying Nathan? You know that I would never do such a thing. Why do you speak foolishly to me this day?"
"But, you did do such a thing Sire!" Nathan softly rejoined, his hands returning to his staff, his fingers wrapping around it tightly. 
"But you did do such a thing, Sire!" David repeated the words back to Nathan, not mockingly, but with growing aggravation. And stop calling me Sire! Have I not told you many times that you need not address me in this manner in private? And why do you come here and accuse me of these strange things? Matters which you surely know I would never be guilty of!" For a moment David considered that Nathan was somehow testing him, and almost, his expression returned to its usual pleasantness. "You test me, Nathan?"
"I do not test you, Sire!"
David turned his back to Nathan for a moment and rubbed his two hands over his face, and then, just as quickly turned back around to speak again, his tone now reflecting his growing anger. "What you are saying is absurd. You, of all people, know that I would never do such a thing! Why are you saying this to me?" David's face was beginning to turn red now and he looked at Nathan with a hardening countenance. 
"Your Majesty, it is not I that speak this message. It is the Lord God, just as He now asks you this question, was not Bathsheba another man's lamb?"
David froze where he stood. The words pierced his heart like a dagger! They struck him with a critical blow and, within his soul, he staggered and reeled, not knowing what to say. What deep and sudden shame his heart felt in just the realization that someone else was aware . . . that another knew completely of his shameful and unforgivable deeds! His emotions were suddenly wild and uncontrollable! Yet, at the same time, he wanted to crumble down and let the dust of the earth cover him completely!
Turning his back to Nathan again, he placed his hands on the table to steady his own weak knees. It was not as if these things had not been on the fringes of his own mind for many long days, but he had somehow managed to elude them. Yet now, hearing them spoken by another man, the words crushed all resistance away! There was no hiding, nowhere to run!
Scenes that he had repeatedly pushed out of his mind now flooded its threshold and threatened to drown him. In visions of his own soul, how many times he had seen Uriah surrounded by his vicious enemies until there was no escape. He witnessed the bloody sword withdrawn from Uriah's bowels and saw the look of agony and watched him close his eyes in death! Or, again, he stood behind the pillar and watched Bathsheba as she wept in unimaginable grief for the husband of her youth, and David knew it was for his crimes. All the lies came crashing down as well as all the justifications which he had taken so long in fabricating. All was swept away! It was a long while before he could speak, but at last he did. Yet his words were little more than a whisper, and they were few. "Against the Lord God have I sinned!" He uttered this and then returned to his silence.
As the Prophet watched David who was still leaning against the table, the King lifted his head and turned it a bit and spoke again. "Did you hear me, Nathan? I said against the Lord I have sinned!" But the room quickly returned to its former state of silence. 
Again David turned his head to speak only this time much louder. "Will you please say something? CAN YOU NOT SAY SOMETHING?” His words echoing against the stone walls as he spit them out hastily. 
He paused only a moment and then went on. "After all, does the Lord not whisper all secrets into the ear of Nathan, Prophet of Bethel! Is there anything hidden from you? Well, now you have me at a disadvantage, Nathan! Now you have seen me at my worst, for I am sure that your Prophet's ears hear the ghostly whispers of the man, Uriah, as mine do! For I hear them . . . and I hear them . . . AND I HEAR THEM!" And with this his hands swept away the table’s lavish cloth and all the costly vessels upon it flung out into the open floor, crashing down and breaking into pieces, the sounds reverberating through the halls of the palace. 
The Prophet remained silent with his face directed at the floor. His eyes, however, for a brief moment glanced up to look upon the man with true pity and then he turned his attention downward once more. To Nathan David's words were a strange mix of remorse and anger and his own heart ached with regret for the soul of the broken man now before him. 
David then flung his body around and placed his hands and arms behind him against the table to hold himself up, for, truly, his soul was sick and his body shook with weakness. "Well, say it, Nathan! Go on! You pinned me down for the man I was long before Israel understood what kind of wretch sat upon her throne. You said it years ago. Now your day has come! Tell me, Nathan, did you whisper a song while you made your way to David's Palace?"
Nathan only stood still and continued looking down. He knew it was the pain in David's heart dictating such words.
"I AM THE KING! I WILL HAVE YOUR ANSWER OR I WILL HAVE YOUR HEAD! DID YOU TAKE DELIGHT IN BRINGING ME THIS MESSAGE?" David cried out, nearly beside himself. 
Nathan shook his head and with his soft voice replied. "I did not rejoice, Sire!" His words were followed by a long spell in which neither spoke. 
It was David who broke the stillness. "Well, tell me everything the Lord has to say to me, Prophet, for I am sure you did not come all this way just to fling my sins at my feet. Tell me what the Lord has to say!” And David looked at Nathan, waiting for his words.
The Prophet eased his way forward until he stood only a few feet away from the King. "This is what the Lord God says. ‘I anointed you King over Israel, and I delivered you from the hand of Saul. I gave your master's house to you, and your master's wives into your arms. I gave you all Israel and Judah. And if all this had been too little, I would have given you even more. Why did you despise the word of the Lord by doing what is evil in his eyes? You struck down Uriah the Hittite with the sword and took his wife to be your own. You killed him with the sword of the Ammonites. Now, therefore, the sword will never depart from your house, because you despised me and took the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be your own.'
"This is what the Lord says. 'Out of your own household I am going to bring calamities upon you. Before your very eyes I will take your wives and give them to one who is close to you and he will sleep with your wives in broad daylight. You did it in secret, but I will do this thing in broad daylight before all Israel.'"
“And that is not all, My Lord!” Here Nathan paused and bowed his head low before speaking. 
"The child born to you and Bathsheba, the child that you love with all your heart, he shall surely . . . ," Nathan paused here, wishing beyond hope that he did not have to pronounce the judgment, "he shall surely . . . die!"
David's expression appeared as one whose soul has just withered away and died within him. Pain, grief, rejection, and turmoil all mingled together as one anguished expression and shone within the pools of the king's tormented eyes! Slowly he dropped to his knees as tears freely began to stream down his face. The fingers of his hands wrapped into fists as he drew them to his chest, his lips clinched in grief. It was as if the idea had never entered his mind that such a thing could happen. The child which he loved so dearly . . . taken away! "I have sinned against the Lord God!" He uttered softly as he fell back against the broad leg of the great table. "I have sinned against the Lord God Himself!" His hands covered his wretched face and he wept bitterly. "Oh God, forgive me, for I have sinned a great sin!"
Nathan stood above the sobbing King and his own heart was wrenched with grief as he looked on. Nathan loved the King. And, slowly, he moved to take his place on the cold, stone floor beside him, his hand rising to gently rest on the shoulder of a broken man! Here they were, David weeping and Nathan with head bowed low, his own face filled with a deep, inexpressible anguish. There they sat together in silence except for the nearly imperceptible sobs . . . of a King!
**********
The first chilling winds were just beginning to sweep down from the top of Hermon as the aged holy man stepped outside his door. Anakia had been getting around very slowly for several weeks now. Ever since the day that he had watched the books being taken away from him, down the mountainside to a place he knew not, it seemed that he could not regain the joy that had been his all these many years. His work was over, his task fulfilled. 
Regardless of the fact that it was truly a bright, cheerful morning upon these sacred slopes, Anakia's heart was heavy. Leaning heavily upon the cane that helped him along, he very slowly edged his way forward a few steps until he came to the center of the court. He glanced over at the table which was now empty of the book that had sat there so many years. A pang of sadness stabbed hard at his heart. 
Leaning hard upon his cane again, he slowly made his way to a small gap in the stone fence, which served as a strong edge to his lovely court, and looked out at the graceful mountainsides of Hermon. Carefully, he sat his enfeebled body down in the gap so that he could look out over the valley as he had done for these countless years. Then, ever so slowly, he turned his body sideways so that he could lean his back against the stone wall and rest himself as he gazed out. 
Never in all the years that he had dwelt on Hermon had he felt alone . . . until this day. Now loneliness rested upon him like a heavy blanket and weighted down on his heart terribly. As his mind traveled back to the many scenes and the glorious days a tear formed in his eye and he thought it time to arise and find solace in occupying his mind with some different affair, though he knew not what. Again his hand was slow to begin to push himself upward, but, as he did so, he felt a sudden breeze begin to stir. It was almost chilly. He put both hands at his sides and again pushed upward but was somewhat alarmed that he could not lift his body. However, just then came a whispering of the wind among the rocks of the mountainside and he heard what surely sounded like a voice calling. 
"Anakia!"
The muscles of his aged body relaxed and he sank back down but, at the same time, he was sure that he had heard his name being called. He listened again, ever so carefully. 
When there was nothing, he counted it as his imagination and tried hard to arise once more and, again, found that he could not. A slight fear came over him just as he heard the whispering voice once again. 
"Anakia!" 
"Anakia! Look carefully, for I am here!'
Anakia suddenly knew that voice! It bore a tone that he had not heard in more than seventy years but he knew that voice. 
"Anakia! Look carefully and you will see me. It is I, Mystavia your friend! Look upon me!"
With that, Anakia looked out over the valley and there he beheld, with shock and almost unbelief, that great radiant creature, which he had not seen in such a very long while, so long, in fact, that he often wondered if he had ever really looked upon it.

The being was just as he remembered. Its splendid wings were beating gracefully and from its radiant form effused a sparkling mist like glittering diamonds. The whole of the creature was encircled with the resplendent bands that were all the color of the rainbow, and Anakia knew suddenly, as if no time had passed whatsoever, that this was the Seraphim that had spoken to him when he was yet a small boy. 
Then he eagerly returned his answer. "Yes, I am here. Anakia cried out as he looked upon the wondrous being. I am here." 
Anakia was also shocked at the sound of his own voice, for it was not that of an elderly man, but rather the voice of his youth. And he laughed and wondered in his mind, for suddenly it was as if he was the boy again, and the scene of his life only a brief dream. 
Then he remembered the words the Seraphim had told him so long ago. That for the righteous children of Adam it is a glorious truth that they are to travel two paths from the days of their youth. The first is in the realm of mortals, and here they must travel the path of aging. The second is when they are returned to youth and they travel the path which takes them to their glorious immortalization. 
Anakia knew he was about to embark the second! "I am here. I am here!" Anakia cried out. 
Suddenly the great creature spread his massive wings and began to lift upward and in so doing, revealed his utter, breathtaking beauty! Slowly, he flew around in a broad circle and then looked down at Anakia. "Anakia, come to me, for it is time to go to your father and to your mother."
And Anakia, who suddenly felt so wonderful that he could not prevent laughter from bubbling out of his whole being, yet, was forced to cry out, “how shall I come to you, Mystavia, my friend? How shall I fly away!"
"Just think of it and it will be!"
As quickly as Anakia thought this thought, he, too, flew into the heavens, following the great creature, Mystavia, laughing gloriously as he did so. 
Neither Mystavia nor Anakia looked back, but there, upon the stone plaza, sat a man whose head was laid back gently against the wall, his long white beard resting gracefully upon his lap and with a slight smile upon his face. His eyes were closed and he was silent and still, as a few autumn leaves fluttered down to land softly beside him, while the warm sunlight spread itself over the mountain called Hermon!
 


Chapter Eleven
Of Things Pertaining To Blood and Sorrow

I have also spoken by the Prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the Prophets.   Hosea 12:10


"But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah, though you are small among the clans of Judah, out of you will come for me one who will be ruler over Israel, whose origins are from of old, from ancient times."   Micah 5:2
 
"Father . . . or . . . the kingdom!"
"Father . . . or . . . the kingdom!"
The words were spoken softly. No one below the window at which the young man stood could possibly have heard them for they had parted his lips as little more than a whisper!
The repetition continued, 
"Father . . . or . . . the kingdom!"
As the brief sentence flowed quietly into the predawn morning, it was colored with the unique inflections of the speaker's voice. The word Father was pronounced at a slightly higher pitch, and then was halted briefly to hang on the word or, before the last words, the kingdom, fell, rather heavily from his lips. With great deliberation, Absalom, Prince of the house of David, held up first his right hand and then his left - his right hand representing his Father and his left, the kingdom, a thing he coveted with inexpressible desire. 
Then, he turned about and walked briskly toward the back wall, lightly biting the nails of his left hand and muttering as if annoyed. His agitation was, for the most part, with himself for his present indecisiveness. 
Here he was, alone in the early hours of the morning as, at last, the darkness was being swallowed up by the engulfing light of sunrise. It had seemed to come ever so slowly, at least to his weary mind. Time was running out!
Absalom had not slept. Now he returned and stood near the stone, arched window, looking out over the city of Hebron as the shadows of night slowly disappeared. A small bird settled briefly on the ledge and peered in for a moment before flying away again. 
The window was part of a loft room in the upper part of the old palace that David occupied when he had ruled Judah from Hebron. It was favorable for Absalom for it overlooked the central court and provided an excellent view for observation of any persons who might be seeking entrance to the King's courts. 
Prince Absalom raised his right hand midway into the air and looked steadily at it for a moment. "Father!” He slowly repeated louder than before, after which he let it drop and raised his left hand, "or . . . the Kingdom!" 
A burning wick in a saucer of oil on a small table beside the bed fluttered and threatened to be extinguished for it was nearly consumed. Its flickering light began to be absorbed by the greater radiance that was now penetrating the room. "Father . . . or . . . the Kingdom? Which shall it be?" His voice had risen with a tone of anxiousness as well as with a certain edge of one tired of hearing his own words. Yet, there he stood, continuing to raise first his right hand and then his left to repeat the question again and again!
Betrayal! It was a hard thing and, in some disturbed way, the betrayer loved his father. Yet . . . yet he so coveted those things represented by his father's throne. There was little question which of the two proposals would succeed in winning out in his heart. It would most certainly be the prize that he so lusted after, the pride and power, the pomp and renown of his father's throne! 
The young man was unclothed except for a brief cloth that wrapped his hips. His long hair fell far down past his waist nearly to the lower parts of his hind thighs. It was said that Absalom was the most handsome man in Israel and, undoubtedly, he possessed a striking appeal, exceeding his contemporaries. Without question, it had helped him in winning the hearts of many in Israel! 
Standing as he was now, his height, not excessive, afforded an appearance of one with both agility and, yet, strength. His body was full, exceptionally defined, pleasing in form. When not bedraggled by lack of sleep, the young man possessed a face of undeniable appeal - if not raw beauty. No one disagreed. Absalom looked every bit, well . . . a Prince!
At the moment he found himself in the midst of a great perplexity. His mind wrangled with it as he turned and continued to pace the floor in a different direction. "If I choose Father, I will lose the kingdom. It is that simple. We all know Solomon, son of Bathsheba, is Father's choice as successor, and I have no chance of obtaining it as it stands. Yet, I am the choice of the people and the rightful heir! So, which shall it be? Father or the kingdom? I know that if I choose the kingdom then Father must be . . . well . . . eliminated!"
Then, all at once, while thinking this very thought, the first rays of sunlight breaking into the central court below caught his attention, causing him to turn about rather quickly and peer out the window. He gazed on it while his mind struggled to, at last, fix itself on a final decision. "I believe I choose. . . ," and he paused another moment before completing his sentence, after which he spoke almost abruptly, "the kingdom!" The utterance fell from his lips like a heavy rock to the floor. 
He spoke the words firmly, and walked with an air of new found confidence, placing his hands upon the window's ledge, gazing out as if he were looking over the vast and glorious lands of his father's kingdom. The matter in the conspirator’s mind was now settled! At last he felt calm.
That was not to say that he lacked fear, or that his nerves were not suffering the abrasions of a rather intense and scraping anxiety. Fear was a gnawing emotion he was forced to resist with great steadfastness and determination! Like a raging fire it threatened to leap upon and devour him. Even now the flames licked out at his soul, sometimes giving rise to unbridled panic. He forced down such thoughts by turning his vigorous imagination to the holding of the jeweled scepter and wearing of the golden crown but, even so, they continued to fill his mind with shadows of dread as wine that can be sweet to the taste yet bitter in the belly. 
How well Absalom knew that, should Joab's keen mind ever detect, in the slightest, that a conspiracy was at large, suffice it to say, his own body would surely decorate the gateway to Jerusalem! How painstakingly careful each aspect of the plan had been drawn up and executed. His spies, selected carefully, were sworn to secrecy upon fear of certain and painful death. Falsehoods, deceit, hypocritical smiles and shifting embraces of pretended cordiality were all employed. Whisperings and meetings in hidden passageways, malicious threats and hollow promises! Absalom longed for it all to go away. Yet, it was he that had instigated the whole affair. Therefore, he was forced to keep reassuring himself that, once the crown was upon his own head, it would be worth the negative and distasteful conniving that had taken place!
Some men are made to grasp and wrangle for power, and such was the case of Absalom. Having been born the third son of the King, he was hardly beyond his twelfth year when his mind began to comprehend that Ammon, the oldest son of David, was meant to become king when his father died. It was a difficult realization given that, even at that tender age, the boy wished for far greater things than his life, apparently, seemed destined to yield. As he grew older he spent many nights lying upon his bed, thinking by what means or scheme he might alter this most unpalatable fact. Some years would pass, but, as they did so, a certain opportunity would avail itself, and Absalom's keen mind would not miss it. His eye was forever upon the prize! 
As both he and Ammon grew into manhood a fateful event of a most sordid nature availed itself to the contriving mind of the young Prince. Absalom had a sister that he loved very much whose name was Tamar. Now, Ammon and Absalom were half-brothers, both having different mothers. Absalom and Tamar, however, were full brother and sister and they had always been very close. Tamar was considered by all to be most beautiful, as truly she was. It seems that Ammon desired her above any woman in the kingdom though she was his half-sister. He made up his mind that he would have her, and so he did. 
Carefully his mind schemed a design that would bring her to his chambers. By this plan, he pretended to be sick and asked for her aid. When she came to him, the young man seized his opportunity and forced her into his bed, robbing her of that most precious gift a woman has to offer, her virginity. The ensuing storm rocked, not only the whole of the palace, but all Israel as well! 
When Absalom heard of it, he became enraged, but at the same time was aware that the situation afforded to him a great opportunity. To rid himself of the one who was king-to-be would, in turn, allow that coveted position to fall to himself as the next in line of the legitimate sons of the House of David. With Ammon out of the way, he would see to it that he became king!
Absalom, without hesitation, would have taken Ammon's life at that very moment, but all were aware of his great rage and had redoubled the protection of Ammon. The young Prince knew that he would be forced to bide his time, which he did for some two long years. One thing Absalom was sure of, that he was, in the eyes of the people, perfectly justified in avenging his sister's character. Knowing that, he also knew he could now rid himself of the one obstacle that stood between him and the throne. So, when all had grown quiet concerning the matter, Absalom laid down a scheme that would allow him to carry out his wishes. 
Calling Ammon to special festivities, he took pains to see that he was made drunk and then he had his servants stab his brother until he was dead. Thus, the way to the throne became open to the treacherous Absalom. 
**********
A repugnant, yellow, sulfuric vapor slowly swirled upward, permeating the air about the horde of fiendish creatures slithering and squeezing each other deeper into the reeking depths of their lair beneath Dread Towers. Here, in the partial darkness, was a multitude of flagitious spirits hanging onto each excruciating utterance of the speaker standing upon the ledge far above. His words were horrific and fearful!
"We have all seen with our own eyes and know that wretched mankind has almost completely alienated itself from the One, at least in certain perspectives. Of course, we can take much credit for that! An innumerable part of their kind has, since the world began, given themselves over to Ha-Satan, god of all the earth, and their spirits now abide in Blue Chasm!" 
"Yet, lately, we are seeing the development of an initiative on the part of the One to bring the children of Adam back to Himself, or, at least, a large part of them. Whereas we have always been under the impression that only a few humans would escape our dominion, now it appears that a plan spoken of by the ancients could at last be beginning to come into fulfillment. This would, if it ever saw consummation, counter our notion that man belongs to us, as well as spell the end for the Dark Kingdom!"
The beast standing upon the high perch paused a moment to allow the disgusting emanation to drip away from his jaw! All the time his yellow, viperous eyes, glowing in the dim light, surveyed the pit to assure his own mind that he was receiving full and rapt attention. "I will not bore you by reciting the old and loathsome prophecies, but I am told that this one called David of Bethlehem is a prime candidate for the instigation of just such a plan." 
"It has, therefore, become generally accepted that this King who presently sits upon the throne in Jerusalem may well be, by way of lineage, the Father of Shiloh, the one whose coming was foretold!" The beast spoke the words with a most disgusting, gravelly, scratching sound that caused many to groan with execration and loathing. Yet, at the same time they could not resist listening, for his declaration was like a death sentence and all those that slithered in the pits below him began to hiss and groan in a most abhorrent manner!
For eons there had been whispers that someday the Black Kingdom could fall, that Ha-Satan and his followers could suffer ruin by the determination of the One! For the most part they were disregarded. But now old worries were stirred up by these new events happening in the land of the Hebrews! Could it be true that a Messiah might be coming to Israel? Would that spell the doom of Dread Towers and all black spirits?
The malignant creature that had just postulated the foreboding idea was a wretched fiend referred to as Dakababus, whose name means he who brings the night, or, he who brings death. One very high in the ranks of the Dark Kingdom, Dakababus is often at Tarkan's side and known to be in collusion with the master plots of the esteemed Tri-fundament which, of course, is that most evil threesome of Ha-Satan, Tarkan and Raiba! The name Raiba also reflects meaning and is translated as fouled waters poured out.
As for Dakababus, he is the bringer of death to humans. The only other black spirit in the entire underworld with that power is Ha-Satan himself and, therefore, it affords Dakababus a rather high place of preeminence. It is true that he has myriads of underlings that carry out the actual execution of the act, but only when thus commissioned and, consequently, given power to do so by Dakababus himself! All those who are of true significance among men such as kings and rulers and persons of high rank, Dakababus takes personal interest in and reserves the right, in such cases, to dispense death as he wishes! Of course, no man's soul is required of him without it first being by the will and consent of the One!
This was the black demon that now stood before them speaking. The occupants of this insidious lair now grew extremely quiet as Dakababus raised his hand to demand silence. "The so-called 'Righteous King', whom men call David has uttered yet another prophecy, and we are forced to examine it. Now then, let us get one matter out of the way. As some of us have explained before, it would be absurd to attribute these prophecies to the man himself. I must now show the reasons we conclude this." 
"In discussing this matter, and though it vexes me greatly to recite it, I must give a reasonable example for your enlightenment. I will do so by reiterating certain utterances that this so-called righteous King has asserted. This, then, is an example of his anticipations, written on clay tablets and now lauded by the children of Israel. It goes as follows!"

'Yea, all the kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him. For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper . . . His name shall endure forever, his name shall be continued as long as the sun, and men shall be blessed in him, all nations shall call him blessed!’

“So there you have his first disquieting declaration. Not actually the future that Dread Towers had in mind for mankind!” After this quotation and his added remarks, Dakababus was silent a long while and it appeared that he required some time to regain composure. Then he continued. "It seems reasonable that this King would know that he could never conquer the whole world or that there would ever be a day when all nations would bow to him. Also, it appears that he has a nature that would reject worship of his own self. So again, it seems most apparent that he refers to, and foresees . . . Messiah. 
"Now, as a matter of fact, this passage in itself has little significance, but placed alongside several of his other prophecies . . . well it begins to concern us! And, yes, this obtuse fool, this self-styled righteous king, David, has uttered several other impugnable predictions. Some of them we are forced to evaluate so that we might grasp their meaning, and, hopefully, pull them together in order to learn what we are fighting against. One of the most crucial of these is now included with their sacred writings as well and it goes on this wise, 

'The Lord has sworn and will not change his mind: You are a priest forever, in the order of Melchizedek.'"

Again the black creature was silent for some time, perhaps letting the words sink deep into the minds of his diabolic listeners. "Now that sounds unthreatening doesn't it? In fact, most of you, being sadly limited in your ability to understand much of anything, are asking how this passage has any bearing on my subject! It must seem only the random and useless statement of a rambling fool! Allow me to put it together for you, but I will need to start from the beginning, so I encourage each of you, try to think . . . if that is possible!"
"First of all, these are the things which we now understand about Messiah. From ancient predictions we know He will somehow be human! That is plain and certain. It is foretold by the One Himself that he who is to come will be 'the seed of a woman,' as He put it, or, that is to say, born of a woman. Therefore, Messiah must be, at least in part, human, and as you well know, that is one of the very first prophecies ever given about Messiah."
"Again, we know that he will be a descendant of Abraham and Jacob, for the prophecies declare that from the loins of Judah shall Shiloh come. Judah, of course, was Jacob's son. And further, we know with all certainty that Shiloh is Messiah. That being so, there remains no question that our search for this predicted menace to our kingdom, this human child who shall be Messiah, will be from among the nation of the Hebrews. That has narrowed things down significantly!"
"So, we now understand two important things. He will be human and he will be a Hebrew child. Now that brings us to inquire as to the intention and purpose of this so-called Messiah. We are now beginning to understand that Shiloh, or Messiah, whichever you wish to call him, may somehow reunite mankind with the One, as the word Shiloh itself means Conciliator, though we admit to lacking knowledge of just how this might be accomplished. This is where my last recitation comes in. The one I just quoted to you. 

'You are a priest forever, in the order of Melchizedek.' 

What strange words these are! Melchizedek was a priest who lived at Salem many years ago and what makes this matter even more mysterious is the fact that, even among our most eminent and esteemed spirits here at the Towers, not one seems to know where this man came from or when he was taken away! It is as though he had no beginning or end! But the greater question is why is Messiah compared to him? Perhaps it has to do with the seeming endless nature of Melchizedek! Anyway, if Messiah is some sort of eternal priest, as these words would seem to infer, then it also seems apparent that he would somehow redeem man, which is as good as saying that they will no longer be ours! Worse than that, it indicates that our own kingdom may be in grave danger!" 
"Now, we all know that priests are a most detestable lot in the first place, creeping about in their black vestures and performing rites and ceremonies of secret implications. Some say the priests of Israel perform ceremonies that permit atonement and this may be true for the One seems to regard their efforts very highly, and it is He that committed many of the original rites to them in the first place. But, likening the Messiah unto a priest? It is hard to understand its meaning. What we suspect is that Messiah may somehow atone for the evil of mankind and, thus, gain them back to the One. What else would a priest forever indicate? If he had said 'a priest for a day', it might not mean much, but what he says is that Messiah shall be a priest forever. In other words, he will stand good for mankind for the rest of eternity! That worries us!" 
"Furthermore, and based upon the premise of the words that Tarkan quoted to us some time ago concerning Messiah's death, and I again quote, 

'For Thou wilt not abandon my soul to Sheol; neither wilt Thou allow Thy Holy One to undergo decay,'

We are now deducing that, by some means, Messiah may possibly be the sacrifice offered . . . himself. In other words, he may give up his own life for mankind as atonement, though we admit that we do not know this for certain, much less understand how it might work. We do know that it has something to do with the spilling of innocent blood! As the priests spill the blood of bulls and calves which seems to be insufficient! But, perhaps, the blood of an innocent Messiah will not be deficient! 
"Now, listen carefully to me. If your debilitated minds cannot grasp anything else I am saying, yet, understand this! According to these predictions, Messiah may die and somehow come back to life! Did you hear me? I said, HE MAY DIE AND COME BACK TO LIFE! In such an event, He may cancel out the wrongdoing of mankind that has separated them for so long from the One!" 
Dakababus was silent for some time as his own body began to spasm with shutters of anguish and the multitude beneath him screamed out in unison as if all were stricken with unbearable pain. It took a long while, but after all had, at last, calmed, the beast began to speak again. 
“In short, The Towers of Dread have always surmised that, since mankind first fell away from the One ages ago, they, and the whole earth, belonged to us forever. However, now it appears that this may not be the case! It is possible that the doom of Dread Towers is written into this message and we do fear that implication more than anything else!”
"There is, yet, one more prediction from this so-called righteous King that seems to lend strength to this whole idea. It appears to be a vision he received in which he witnessed some kind of suffering of Messiah. It goes like this: 


'Many bulls surround me; strong bulls of Bashan encircle me.
Roaring lions that tear their prey open their mouths wide against me.
I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint. 
My heart has turned to wax; it has melted within me.
My mouth is dried up like a potsherd, and my tongue sticks to the roof of my mouth;
You lay me in the dust of death. Dogs surround me,
a pack of villains encircles me; they pierce my hands and my feet.
All my bones are on display; people stare and gloat over me. 
They divide my clothes among them and cast lots for my garment.'"

At this moment, as Dakababus halted, there was a strange and complete hush that fell upon the horde beneath where he stood. A sense of wonder and questioning and, most of all, unspeakable fear was now present! Nevertheless, Dakababus began to speak again. "There is more, but I think you get my point. I believe we all know what this is leading to. There is that old prophecy which we have, up to this point, been forbidden to recite. Yet, due to expediency, I do so today! It says that this offspring of a woman, will crush the head of Ha-Satan, our god! Therefore, we must redouble all of our efforts to see that none of this is ever allowed to take place!"
As Dakababus paused again, there arose an enormous wave of screaming and howling out of the pit as the mass of evil spirits reacted to the disturbing insinuations of the speaker. When they hushed again, to some degree, which was very slow in happening, Dakababus took up his speech one more time. "What it all comes down to is that this King must perish! He must die before he is allowed to father a being that might well be Messiah. And I completely understand that many of you are asking, in your incapacitated minds, how we know this King would be a father in the lineage of Messiah. Let me answer that briefly and simply. It seems that, some time back, the One sent that despised Prophet of His, the one from Bethel, to give the King a special prophecy. We know for certain that this is a true prophecy, for we know the man to be a true Prophet. And by the mouth of this Prophet he made this promise. 

'Your house and your kingdom will endure forever before me, your throne will be established forever.'"

"Messiah, is, himself, the promised King and only his throne can last forever! Therefore, it is plain that if this King's throne also is destined to be an everlasting throne, then it only stands to reason that Messiah will be part of this King's lineage! We do not feel at this time that any of the sons he has sired could possibly be Messiah, but he may yet somehow produce such. If not now, then later in time! We must see that this never happens!"
"On top of all this, we have been informed of late that this righteous King has begun the most injurious task of gathering material for the so-called Temple! This would not be of great consequence, as men are always building temples, except for the one fact that the One also gave this King permission to build this great temple for Him, that is, for the One Himself, to dwell in. Well, to most of us that have studied this matter seriously, it only makes sense that He may intend to dwell there in bodily form or, that is, as the Messiah! Plainly, then, the completion of the temple may pave the way for Messiah! Should this temple ever be completed, without question, it will almost certainly bring the human race one certain step closer to the day in which Messiah shall appear, a thing which we must prevent at all costs!" 
"Therefore, it is expedient that, with one mind and one force, we intensify all our efforts to see to it that it is never achieved! This, then, is our agenda. This King must not be allowed to have more sons. He must not be allowed to continue gathering material for this wretched and so-called temple to Messiah, and, if at all possible, the King must die! This last one, being the most desirable, is now foremost in our efforts. I have engaged my whole being in an effort to accomplish it. Ha-Satan has demanded it! Even now a mighty and heinous plan is taking shape which will, hopefully, eliminate him forever" 
"One more thing I wish to say in conclusion. Our god, Ha-Satan, god of all the earth as well as the underworld, has spoken to me, Dakababus, his esteemed servant, these words which I communicate to you verbatim. His words are, 'We need not fear these witless and dusty predictions of men, supposedly given by the One, as if their fulfillment were upon the horizon. How many times have I thwarted His plans and brought down ruin upon the heads of those that oppose me! I shall do the same now. My resolve is unmovable; the King in Jerusalem must die and thus eliminate any threat of Messiah!'"
 **********
Change is a matter as indefinable as time itself and works its mystery upon all things in an indiscriminating manner. According to the heart, change may come as a beast to twist and dissolve until ruin is brought or, like an angel of light, to inculcate much sought after qualities and cherished attributes! 
Without question, much change had come to the heart of the Prophet of Bethel. The once self-doubting spirit that was such a part of his youngest years and gave him over often to fretting and apprehension, showed evidence of a tempered and controlled confidence. The tendency toward impetuous conclusions and outbursts, for the most part, had been sufficiently bridled. 
In appearances his nearly forty years had been kind. He had become an engaging figure. His face, having taken on a distinguished look with the first traces of grey now appearing, mingled within the hair of his short cropped beard.
Nathan no longer lived in the house of Dirytica and Annashia, his father and mother, but his place now, along with Kezmin, was in the splendid house built for him by the King as a wedding present. Here, after so great a wait, he brought Kezmin, the sole love of his heart forever, and they two entered the lavish bedroom where Nathan made love to her as the light of the moon shone in upon them. Here his future lay, and here he would keep the sacred books of Anakia, the holy man! Also, as Anakia had instructed, he would write the events of the righteous King in the journals of time and preserve that which the Spirit of God saw fit to incline upon his heart. 
The house had been constructed on a lovely spot located on the rising hills above his father's home so that he could always look down upon it with fond memories. It was elegant, though not as excessively large as David tried to bestow. Surrounded by two groves of oak, with its front open to the western sky, it was a small paradise for Kezmin and himself! A modest but exceedingly lovely vineyard stood near the house on the north side, having, also a beautiful garden terrace between it and the Prophet's dwelling. 
At the center of this garden court was a large stone table much like Nathan remembered having sat at with the holy man, Anakia, on Hermon and here he now sat, meditating. In front of him lay open the pages of the ancient Wá Shadani and his finger was following a line of text as he studied it carefully. 
Just then the excited voice of his oldest son, Azarias, who was now eleven years of age, came bursting in upon him with a rather excited tone. "Father! Kaleb says the mare is foaling, that she is ready to deliver her colt! May I go be with him?"
Nathan stood up and, with a slight smile, turned to place his hand upon the shoulder of his inquiring son. "Remember that I told you how important staying back and being silent is to Kaleb. If you attend, you must do so as quietly as possible until the colt is delivered."
"Oh, yes! Father! You have my word! May I go then?" Azarias asked with an anxious look on his face. 
"You may go.” Nathan replied as he used his left hand to squeeze the boy's shoulder affectionately. "Come back to the house when Kaleb instructs."
"Yes, Father!” The boy answered hurriedly as he ran out through the arched gateway and down the path leading away from the court. 
Kezmin had given Nathan two sons, Azarias and Ahijah, and both were the delight of his soul. Ahijah was two years younger than Azarias and, in appearances, took much after his mother. Already he loved to build with his hands and, even now was on the far side of the court placing small limestone slates into different forms such as houses and barns. Nathan walked to the opposite gate and looked out at him playing and smiled again as he watched the boy intently stacking each stone in its place to make a small house nearly as tall as he himself. 
"He will be a carpenter when he is grown, don't you think?" Nathan heard his wife's soft voice question him. 
Nathan turned and slightly nodded his head as he replied. "I don't think there is any question of that. He loves to build! At least someone in the house will be able to put two stones together correctly. It certainly has never been a talent of mine!"
Kezmin placed her hand on her husband's shoulder and smiled. "You have helped put the stones of a nation in place and that is much more important." She kissed the side of his face as he gently shrugged his shoulders. 
Nathan looked a moment at the face of his wife, which had only grown more lovely over the dozen or so years that they had been married. He always loved it when she came to the garden and they walked for a few moments together in its loveliness. Taking her hand, they slowly moved to the northern side of the court where he could look out over his vineyard. The days had become warm and the new leaves filled the field with a beauty of their own. Nathan loved looking out over the long rows, especially at this time of the season. 
"You have not been yourself these last few days, Nathan. What is it that is on your mind?” Kezmin asked, her smile giving way to a slight look of concern. 
"Oh, really it is nothing!” Nathan replied as he looked out, but Kezmin knew that he was not finished. "It's just that something is not right and I can't put my finger on what it is. I feel it in my spirit but God has not chosen to reveal it to me. Yet, I am certain that there is something impending which will, almost certainly, involve the whole nation. I wish I knew what it was! Right now it is just a shade over my mind, but soon I fear it shall reveal itself and I know that it is not a pleasant thing!" 
As Nathan turned and looked into Kezmin's eyes she could see a look there that gave her cause for worry. She knew her husband and when he had that look it was not a good sign. "Do you think that it concerns the King?"
"That's just it. I don't know. But in my heart I feel like it very well may. We have had so many years of prosperity and our nation has risen to a place that it has never been. Our enemies are subjected and it is a time of peace such as we have never known. I'm not sure but what we have become complacent, if not absolutely careless.” He turned again and looked out over the green vineyard and grew quiet. 
"God will reveal it to you, Nathan. He does little in Israel but what He speaks into your heart of the matter beforehand! I know He will. Don't worry so much about it. Our God is the rock of Israel. He has never failed us and I don't think He will start doing so now!” Kezmin placed her hand on Nathan's back and rubbed it gently. In some ways she hated to see him like this, but in other ways she knew this was what he was all about, heart and soul. 
While he still looked out across the vineyard, he spoke again. "The Wá Shadani speaks of a time when the righteous King will sit upon his throne, and when his days are prolonged, then dark clouds shall appear over Israel. A time of shifting and trouble will begin that will ultimately affect all the future of Israel. And at that time, the sacred book speaks of what it calls the Great Rebellion.” 
"Anakia, the holy man, declared that this King, for whom I am Prophet, is the righteous King who was spoken of in ancient times! Therefore, I have, for these many years, expected something to occur that will fulfill the prophecies of the Holy Book. And, of course, I myself, speaking by the word of the Lord, declared a time would come, as a result of our King's grave sin, wherein trouble would come to his house! In that message I declared that those closest to the King would one day rise up to betray him. I have always felt that this was a time that would be synonymous with that event which Wá Shadani calls the Great Rebellion.” 
"Nevertheless, I think David almost feels as if God has changed His mind or that, perhaps, my words were not meant to be as severe as I made them sound, but I know better!” Nathan's voice had become rather animated as he turned and looked, once more, at Kezmin and then continued. "The Lord God is not as man that he should speak and not perform, much less, that He should become forgetful. Whether these things will occur now or later I do not know, but I do know that, one day, severe trouble will visit the house of the son of Jesse!” 
Kezmin could plainly see that this matter weighed heavily upon her husband's heart. She embraced him as she stood at his left shoulder and placed her arms around his body. "What I know is that Israel is very fortunate to have a Prophet like you to help guide her in dark days. And I know you will do so, no matter how great the darkness may be.” 
Nathan took up her hand and kissed it. "And I know I am fortunate to have you!" 
Kezmin smiled. "Well, I will leave you to your pondering. I know you long to get back to it. I better check on Ahijah." With that she kissed his cheek one more time and then turned to leave. 
Nathan watched her walk away for a moment and then returned to the book. He took up his reading where he had left off. Somehow he knew it was time for those very things to take place which had been written in the Holy book so many ages ago. Again he began to read. 

And it shall come to pass that the righteous King will sit on his throne in the city whose springs of water run down abundantly to refresh the inhabitants thereof. He is the descendant of Abraham, and his throne shall betoken the appearance of a much greater ruler whose coming was foretold in eternity. 
And on the day that the righteous King shall sit upon his throne, in similitude shall he predict, in all manner and deed, the coming of the promised Messiah foretold by Moses and the patriarchs. 
For long after the righteous King has departed to his Fathers, and in the ages to come shall a second ruler, much greater than he, arise. That shall be the time of Messiah!
Messiah will come once and then again. His first coming shall be in humility and he shall be known as "ShadowGod" for his time will be brief and his power limited. Yet, he shall accomplish a great thing in the earth! At that time his manifestation shall be in weakness, as a shadow is not the substance and yet reflects the form from which it is cast. So in this manner shall the first coming of Messiah reflect the glory of the second! It is decreed that it shall be a mystery and many shall stumble over its meaning. Yet the chosen shall understand. Therefore wait for the righteous King and know that his works shall betoken the works of the Messiah, or . . . ShadowGod!

Nathan had poured over these words so many times before and, with the passage of years, had begun to question whether Anakia, the holy man, was even truly correct in concluding that David was this righteous King. 
The Prophet loved David greatly and knew, without question, that he was a King highly favored of the Lord and placed upon his throne with one great purpose, that being to establish the kingdom of Israel forever. Yet, with all that, he could not see how David's life had, in any degree, transpired to represent anything of which a Messiah would enact. 
As he sat, he pondered and then continued reading. 

The time will arise that the righteous King will be forced to flee from his throne, not by the kings which surround him, but by one of his own household. In this he shall prefigure ShadowGod the Messiah in his first appearance!
For Messiah, too, at his first appearing, shall suffer betrayal by his very own. Those to whom he came will rise up against him with evil intentions. 
As for the righteous King, the day will come that he shall flee Jerusalem and with great haste he will cross the Jordan River, which is the river of death! On his way he shall walk up the Mount of Olives weeping and all the people will weep with him as they follow. The King, himself, shall mourn deeply, and as with a broken heart shall he remove the shoes from off his own feet so that he shall suffer pain with each step. And as he goes forth he shall weep for Jerusalem, and in this very act shall he portray the suffering and humility of the Messiah at his first coming.
A great multitude of foreigners will also accompany him as he goes on toward the ancient river. For he shall lead them across the Jordan, both his own people and the foreigners, they will go together!
In this he will again betoken Messiah. For in his time ShadowGod shall also lead a great company across the river of death and into a glorious redemption. So shall He be their Savior! He is the first Messiah! ShadowGod is the hope of mankind and the one on whom the ages await.

Here Nathan again paused his reading and, nearly under his breath, he uttered the words, "How could David ever fulfill situations like this?" After pondering longer he began to read those things which he had read so very many times. Picking up at the next line he read,

Concerning the righteous King, this one thing he will do on that day before he crosses the Jordan River. With great determination he will command that the blessed Ark of the Covenant be left in Jerusalem, and that it should abide there until he returns from crossing over the Jordan, for he shall surely return! 
In like manner, ShadowGod shall pass over the river of death, but on that day he will decree and the Spirit of the living God shall remain with those he has left in Jerusalem to assure and give comfort until He returns! This shall be a sign to those that await his appearing.
It shall be a sign to those willing to hear, that the Lord God has prepared all things for the conciliation of the chosen and for His work. It will surely be accomplished! On that day there will be two more and distinct signs given to those who observe carefully. The first will be that a man will pursue the King and curse him incessantly and not relent! Yet, shall the King turn to him with forgiveness. In this he will symbolize ShadowGod who shall one day utter forgiveness to his own which shall gather up around him in great hordes to curse and revile him. 
The second sign will be that the King will have his own councilor turn up his heel against him and betray him. In this he shall be as Messiah who shall, likewise, have his close friend betray him for gain! In these things, those who wish to believe will understand that the Lord God has decreed all things great and small for the purpose of reconciling the children of men unto Himself! 

As Nathan pondered these things he paused to rest his eyes and, while doing so, all things around him began to swirl and alter in their appearance and the Prophet fell into a sudden and deep trance! It was as dark as night and the stars shone in the heavens and the moon cast an abundant but eerie light upon all things. As the Prophet looked about intently the awareness struck him that he was no longer in Bethel but. instead, stood at the heart of the city of Hebron where the tombs of the patriarchs, Abraham and Jacob abide. As he looked about him suddenly all things upon the land were empty and void as the ground crumbled and tore open. Eleven stones of extraordinary appearance began to rise up out of the earth and stand upright like formless, black creatures. Tremendous stones of immense size and as dark as the night except that the moon and the stars reflected off of them a great and brilliant light. 
As Nathan strove to understand these things he beheld and at the center of the eleven rising up out of the earth a greater stone appeared amid the circle of lesser stones. Its size was superior to the size of the surrounding eleven and it rose up in the midst of them. The great stone amid the eleven lesser stones appeared exceeding black, so much so that its blackness radiated out from it and, as a great shadow, it fell upon and encompassed the other eleven. 
Fear gripped the Prophet's heart as a frightful and chilling wind began to blow mightily from the south where lay the wilderness of Zin. The same blew with great ferocity and Nathan was astonished at its fierceness and power! Composed of dirt and filth, the wind had a substance and the substance was black so that for a time the Prophet could not see even with the brightness of the moon and stars. 
When this ominous wind blew upon it the center stone stirred within itself and began to heave, in slow and deliberate movements, as life was given to the stone and it took upon itself a strange form. Shaped as the figure of an ox with the enormous head of a wild goat having heavy bones and a massive body, it was horned with twelve horns upon its head, and its eyes burned like blue flame while the creature stomped its hooves upon the earth. Also, it was winged with mighty wings. 
At that time the great black creature, which the center stone had been transformed into, began to utter wicked sayings to the other eleven stones that surrounded him. Dark flatteries and evil schemes and pompous suggestions all poured out from its lips. As he spoke, his words were hard and filled with deception. He continued to utter wicked sayings for a long while. 
Nathan listened carefully and he recognized the speech as an old dialect, older even than that written in the Wá Shadani, as old as any in Canaan and, yet, he knew its meaning. 
With a deep, hazardous voice that sounded as if it splintered rock and wood, it spoke, and the Prophet heard the words that the creature uttered. “Will the tribes of Israel join me?” It cried out and then, with great force, he began to stomp the earth a second time! As a result, the other great stones began to crumble but not into ruins. Rather, while crumbling they began to transform and, as they did so, the powerful black creature stomped its hooves so greatly that the earth shook and the other eleven stones changed into great black creatures having their own appalling forms. 
As the Prophet looked upon the perilous and wicked images that now stood before him, they emerged into beasts like those from the wilderness! They all had the head of a bear and arms of the same with which they began to swipe the air with anger and viciousness. 
Their lower bodies and hinder legs, however, were not the bodies of a bear but, rather, of a beast that appeared as a leopard, a body filled with agility and swiftness. They growled with viciousness and, with great wrath, until the superior stone, that is, the goat who had great wings, began to rise and fly with the movements of his mighty wings, off toward the north. 
The eleven followed him with one mind and one accord and they began to run swiftly upon the earth following behind the goat that flew. With their great, sweeping arms they leveled all that stood before them and they all ran with mighty swiftness toward the city of David. 
As Nathan looked upon these things great terror filled his heart and he feared and cried out that God would save the King. As he cried out with all his might he was caught up by a great, white Cherubim that lifted him far above the earth and there he stood between the great wings of the Cherubim and looked down upon yet another perplexing scene!
When he looked down he saw Jerusalem and the palace of King David and the throne on which he was accustomed to sit. But, as Nathan looked more intently upon the throne, behold, a white lamb lay there looking out from the throne with intense but innocent eyes. As Nathan looked into the eyes of the lamb the innocence and the purity were so overwhelming that it rushed within his heart and flowed over his soul so that he would have sank down to worship, so great was the innocence within the eyes of the lamb! There, before him, in the heavens, coming with great swiftness was the mighty black goat and the eleven beasts that ran upon the earth behind him. Nathan closed his eyes and cried out yet again! "Oh Lord God, save the King from all his enemies."
When his eyes were again opened, he found himself standing at the center of a great darkness beside the throne on which lay the white lamb. And the brightness of the stars and the intense light of the moon shone down upon him, making the lamb appear more radiantly white than anything Nathan had ever beheld. The glorious appearance of the lamb so astonished the Prophet that his soul was greatly affected, for he knew the Lamb was sacred and, indeed, he shone like the noonday sun in his white, radiant beauty! And, yet, he lay upon the throne and looked out with innocent and intense eyes. 
And Nathan was beside the throne and, behold, the lamb had blood upon its brow and when the Prophet saw it he drew back, for he was astonished and frightened! As the Prophet looked upon these things the blood ran down from the seat of the throne and fell upon an altar made of wood which had four horns rising up, one at each corner. The blood stained the altar greatly! And even while he looked upon all of this, a voice came up out of the altar speaking "This is the day of great rebellion, but, for the chosen, the blood of innocence will atone!” 
Nathan the Prophet did not understand any of these things and fell down upon his knees before the throne with its altar and called upon the Lord God again to save the King! 
At that moment the Cherubim, Zenmarria, appeared before Nathan the Prophet. "Do not be fearful, Nathan, greatly esteemed of the Lord. For it has pleased the Lord God that He should not do this thing without your knowledge!"
Nathan spoke at once as his mind felt great fear and he wished to know about his vision and its meaning. "What is the meaning of these creatures that I have looked upon? Why do they appear at the King's throne?"
Zenmarria answered him straightway. "These are the things that shall soon come to pass. Matters which foretell suffering for the righteous King and which also shall foreshadow misery and betrayal of Messiah in days to come - things pertaining to blood and sorrow!"
"The superior stone that you beheld in the midst of the other eleven is Absalom, son of King David, and he leads the people in a great rebellion. Yet, the great black stone of Hebron does not stand for Absalom alone but it also represents the great rebellion of man. Of these things the Spirit of God shall give you understanding in days to come." 
"Nonetheless, King David will suffer betrayal by his own son, Absalom, and the people of Judah as well as by the eleven tribes of Israel; they will all rise up against him. In a short time he shall be forced to flee his throne for a season, as even now Absalom gathers his forces in Hebron and plans a great treachery and despoiling. Before the sun has set two more times he will gather all Israel about himself in a great insurrection and will then assault the King's throne at Jerusalem with intentions of crowning himself King and putting his father to death." 
"But, fear not, for this thing will not happen in the manner he so desires, for the Lord God will spoil his plans and bring calamities down upon his own head. Still, the King will suffer much sorrow, and grief as he has not yet known will be inflicted upon his heart. Yet, understand this, that all of these events are the foreshadowing of other, greater things yet to come! For this rebellion that shall soon take place also represents the rebellion of mankind, and Absalom, the King's son, portrays that great and evil destroyer, Satan!"
Instantly Nathan cried out. "I must warn the King!" But even as the words fell from his lips he found himself rising from the stone table within his own garden court and Zenmarria had vanished! 
**********
The massive crowds that had gathered at Hebron had so far exceeded Absalom's expectations that his mind whirled with elation! Having come from all over Israel, they were here for one purpose and that was the coronation of the Prince himself as King over all Judah and Israel. Never in his wildest dreams would he have expected this kind of reception! Many of the participants were forced to travel in secret, skirting the city of Jerusalem, thus keeping Absalom's intentions secret as long as possible. It was amazing how many had come, but there was a far more remarkable matter than this. Once Absalom was seated on his throne, David would forever pose a threat to his security. Every Hebrew citizen that traveled here today would simply have been unable to miss the foregone conclusion that King David must be eliminated! There simply would be no other choice. He would have to die! His influence over Joab alone, not to mention a large part of the military, would demand it. Therefore, the great number of Israelites that came for the coronation and ensuing celebration understood, without a doubt, that David would have to be put to death, and, yet, they came. Thousands upon thousands journeyed to Hebron this day! 
As Absalom looked out from the palace balcony with the jeweled crown adorning his handsome face, he gazed with a smile on what he perceived was to be the glorious commencement to a wondrous era. The cheers and shouts of adoration rose up to greet him in unmitigated fervor. Israel was delighted with their new choice. Now they, at last, had a King that reflected the hearts of the people, or, at least, that great multitude gathered at Hebron. Yet, behind the glitter and merriment was a dismal reality, one that only too soon would leave a mark of blood and misery which would never be expunged from pages of Israel's history! 
The palace at Hebron afforded an immense gathering of the masses that wished to participate in the King's investiture. As far as Absalom could see, backing completely up into the city, were thousands upon thousands of supporters. All were crying for his speech and they would not be disappointed. 
Dressed in a robe of intense red, trimmed in gold, he appeared before the people. There were six others standing behind him. The first and most important standing to his left was Tasahra, captain of his forces. To his right was Crimon, the mastermind behind all his planning and the one Absalom owed for his skilled engineering of this whole affair. The others were four of his highest officials, one of them being a priest from Simeon who offered eager complicity to the evil scheme now unfolding. They all seemed exceptionally pleased with the way the day had developed and some even speculated that having this kind of support would cause David and his men at Jerusalem to simply capitulate in order to save bloodshed. Things could not have gone better. 
After a long while the crowd became calm enough to allow Absalom to speak. Taking a few more graceful steps leading him to the baluster at the edge of the balcony, Absalom gazed out upon the vast sea of people and then began speaking. "This is a new day for Israel!" With this first, powerful utterance, Absalom struck his fists forcibly upward into the air as the crowd erupted into a tidal wave of adulation! The sound of their concerted shouting roared like the waves of the ocean!
For some time the young Prince was simply unable to continue, so great was the exuberance of the crowd! He partially lifted his hands, trying to calm them. He turned his head about to look at those with him, his face reflecting the deep approval of the crowd's reaction to his words as well as to his own presence. Finally, after some length of time, he was able to motion for their quietness and, as they calmed, he began again. "Too long have isolated and reclusive old men decided who should sit upon the throne of Israel!"
Again, a furious roar went up from those below the balcony clear out as far as the opposite borders of the city. Once more, the Prince waited to continue his speech. Absalom now smiled generously as he spoke and was gaining enthusiasm with every new round of shouting. When the crowd allowed it, he began again. "Too long have such decided the fate of our nation!” Absalom paused but not long enough to allow the crowd to interrupt his speech. He continued, lifting his voice somewhat. “As I pledged myself to the elders, I will set judges in all of Israel to hear the voice of the people. And, upon hearing, I will respond to the mind and heart of Israel. No longer will our nation be ruled by one man who claims divine direction, but rather by all the people of Israel. Every voice will be heard. Every opinion considered! Together we will build a monumental nation whose achievements and acclaim shall reach up to the very heavens!"
At this there was another roaring round of adoration and Absalom paused to listen. So great was the crowd's excitement, and so mightily did the people cry out their approval that the noise of it seemed to nearly shake the earth! Yet, after some time their cries died down again and Absalom was able to speak further. "Today we have lit again the torch of hope. Indeed, we have kindled the flames of aspirations that need have no limit and we shall reach as high as the stars of the firmament until our hands have taken hold of the essence of that dream and brought it down as an unending blessing upon the people of Israel! 
“Therefore, I hold out my hands to each of you. Join me and let Israel show the peoples of the earth how we will make a nation that shall be the desire and envy of all other nations!"
"As the morning dew falls softly upon the earth, so will prosperity alight upon our nation, and by the rule of King Absalom shall every man sip from the cup of plenty. Neither will our people any longer abide in fear! I, Absalom, pledge that with all the strength of my being I will not cease wiping our enemies blood from the imperial blade until fear and awe are struck so deeply within their hearts that they bow themselves low to the earth, imploring mercy beneath the sword of Israel! As gold that lies upon silver, so shall Israel come to be recognized among those that surround us, and shall shine forth as the lofty sun that rises to its glory in the morning sky!"
"You men of Israel! I call out to you! Unsheathe the swords of valor to follow Absalom's unfurled banner! Let us march upon the fields together, and there we will rise to preeminence, far above the threats of those who wish to keep us beneath their cruel dominion. No longer shall we be the hunted, but let us become the huntsmen! Reject being the prey, and so become the flying arrow of doom to all which oppose us until the day in which all of our enemies, the Philistines, the Edomites, the Amalekite's, and all those that trouble Israel, tremble at the appearance of our marching banners! On that day we will utterly subjugate our neighbors and then shall we dip our blades into the bubbling fountains of triumph to pull them back unto ourselves, dripping with the honey of triumph and prosperity!"
Upon these last words, the people erupted into hitherto unmatched praise and shouting! Soon they were crying out, "Absalom is our King! Absalom is our King!” Over and over they shouted! It was like the noise of a cataract with its waters pouring down powerfully, and Absalom lifted his hands high into the air and absorbed it all with intense pleasure!

Some short time later a number of the elders from the tribes of Israel were in conference with the new King in his chambers to whom he spoke concerning David his Father. "I know some of you have concerns regarding my Father. I wish to assure each of you that I shall deal with him with the utmost of fairness. Please rest assured that no harm will come to him whatsoever." 
While most of them knew that this could not possibly be the way the situation would go, it was enough to remove any guilt from their own minds and so they left to celebrate with the rest of those gathered in Hebron. However, as soon as they were dismissed Absalom turned to Tasahra and whispered, "Of course you know that I cannot really allow that!" He looked into the young general's face, pausing for just a moment and then continued. "No, indeed!" And here, halting, again Absalom shook his head ever so slightly from side to side, as if expressing some regret. "I am afraid that what will be required is a most unfortunate accident which shall take my dear father's life. Otherwise, he will speak, and grave suspicions will fall upon me, and you know that this cannot be allowed to happen! Am I making myself clear?" 
"Yes, Sire. I do completely understand. A king must give assent to that which dictates the preservation of his kingdom. All things must comply with that!" Tasahra bowed his head slightly as he spoke. 
"I am glad you understand, Tasahra. See to it that my father is hunted down and leave this task to no other. But, by your own hand rid me of this threat forever!" Absalom's words were forceful and demanding and he looked the general deep in the eyes as he put them to him. 
"Consider it accomplished, my Lord! And I will send word of it just as soon as I have fulfilled your wishes."
"Very well. Also, I wish to mobilize my forces. I will lead then up to Jerusalem in the first light of morning." 
"As you wish, my Lord! Consider it done!"
With that Tasahra bowed once more and then departed!
**********
At the very same hour that this event was taking place in Hebron, an anxious Prophet leaned back against a rock to rest a few moments from his journey. He was traveling with all haste up to the King's palace in the company of his servant, Kaleb. The fast pace that the two travelers maintained had caused both of them to become weary, and, for this reason, Nathan decided to rest a little before they would continue on their way to Jerusalem. 
They had found themselves in a pleasant location just beside one of the main thoroughfares that led in and out of the city. The road was rather wide and had large patches of grass growing along its edges. Trees were plentiful and gave shade in certain places and there was an occasional patch of wild flowers as well. Along the western side of the road the bank was sloped gradually and provided a number of resting places where others before them had refreshed themselves as they traveled. 
A small cove off the hillside, just before the road took a sharp turn to the east, looked inviting though it required a brief excursion for the two travelers to reach it. Here many rains had washed a thick bed of sandy gravel down to where it collected at the base of a large rock. It provided a comfortable place for the Prophet to seat himself. Leaning against one of the many boulders projecting from the hillside he rested for his body had become fatigued. In this particular area there were two somewhat large trees that provided shade and a slight breeze was stirring softly from the northwest down in the same direction as the roadway. 
Kaleb was feeding both mules with a handful of oats from his pouch. The Prophet knew that they could not tarry long, for the sun would soon be setting and he wanted to be sure they made it to the palace before nightfall. Carefully, Nathan placed his staff against the rock, laid his head back, and closed his eyes for a moment of rest. The evening was pleasant and calm and the Prophet's mind was contemplating how he might express to the King his fear that he was, indeed, in imminent danger. However, in only a brief moment Nathan slipped off into a deep sleep, unaware of anything happening around him. 
But, lurking within the shadows of an unseen sphere, an ever present realm where black spirits could be as prevalent as those of light, dastardly events were now unfolding in this seemingly serene and blissful setting where the unsuspecting Prophet slumbered! Encircling him on all sides was an assemblage of mystical beings, Cherubim and demons alike! A company of white angelic creatures stood off from the Prophet a number of steps as they mindfully watched over him. At the same time, a short distance away, a second spirit, this one black and threatening, with wings spread wide and who peered with hungering eyes down upon the Prophet. In that realm one could hear his incessant hissing broken only by the repeated flapping spasms of his throat as it opened and closed uncontrollably. The Prophet was his prey and his evil eyes, encircled with protrusions of ghastly shinning red, were fixed upon the man that slept against the rock!
There were no words passing between the spirits. The Cherubim knew the black shadow that lingered near the body of the Prophet, for they encountered him often. He was Dakababus, the one who brings death! He looked upon the Prophet as if wondering how to accomplish his desires, his lips moving in and out, in a most repugnant manner, as if ready to suck the life out of the man that lay beneath him. 
Suddenly, the black creature moved back a step or two and then looked a short distance up the hillside where he spotted a large and deadly serpent lying spread out long upon a warm rock. Quickly his malevolent, black eyes glanced back at the many Cherubim, and then, yet again, at the serpent. After he carefully observed the ranks of white spirits one more time, he stretched his arms high into the air as his loathsome body began to alter into a cloudy mist of foul, green haze, a vaporous form which quickly funneled into the body of the serpent lying upon the rock. Jerking quickly upward, the snake rapidly coiled, striking the air as if it had entered into conflict with an unseen enemy. Its body flipped repeatedly and then rolled back jerking and thrusting itself one way and then another. This, however, was short lived and soon it appeared to calm as it lurched forward and began to slither upon the ground, moving down between the rocks in the direction of the slumbering Prophet.
When Dakababus, who was now embodied within the serpent, began to move forward, he found it difficult to discern the surroundings as his eyes were seemingly covered with a thick skin that allowed little more than light and movement to penetrate. Yet, knowing the direction of the Prophet, he soon located him in his vision. Small rocks, grass and twigs all obstructed his path as he slithered along, his body leaving a deep, etched trail in the warm sand. The vicious creature constantly looked up in the direction of the powerful beings just beyond his desired prey but all he was able to perceive were their white colossal forms.
The black spirit fully expected to be assaulted at any moment by the power of the Cherubim but he continued slithering until, at last, he reached the place where the slumbering man leaned back again the rock. 
Quickly the serpent raised his hideous face, his head pulled back as his beady, malicious eyes fixed themselves upon their mark, at which point he struck with all his power! He thrust his deadly fangs deep into the man's left leg. A scream of pain tore out of Nathan as he jumped and grabbed the serpent, still attached to his leg, and ripped it off, pulling away the flesh as he did so. Almost without thinking he struck it hard against a rock until its skull was utterly crushed! 
Kaleb dropped the pouch of oats and ran to his master's side, seeing at once what had happened. Upon seeing the body of the dead serpent, he was aware that it was a poisonous snake and feared for Nathan's life. "What shall I do, Master?" the boy asked with a look of pure fright on his face. 
"Be calm Kaleb. All is well. The only thing that will happen to me is that which the Lord God permits. Yet, soon I may go unconscious. If I do, you must carry me back to Kezmin as quickly as you possibly can, for she will know how to treat me." As Nathan spoke he was already tearing clothing into strips and tying them around his leg just above the knee, which was also above the serpent’s bite. When he had finished this, he leaned his head once more back against the rock. Kaleb could see that he was drifting already and he wondered if his master might not die right here in this place. Nathan was now completely dazed and was uttering words that Kaleb could only faintly understand. “Who . . . will . . . warn . . . the King? Soon the Prophet's eyes closed and his head slumped to one side. 
Quickly the young man lifted his master's body and laid it carefully over one of the mules. Taking up the rope about the animal's neck, he mounted his own mule, gave it a quick jerk and turned toward home with all the speed he could muster.
 **********
The mood was cheerful at David's table as all those of his house sat around it for their usual morning meal. It was always a pleasure for the King to enter the hall and hear the laughter and pleasant talk as he approached his seat at the table's head. Formalities had long since been dispensed concerning the King's entrance. David loved to feel, at this one moment of the day, that he was truly just a man among men, taking in the simple pleasures of life as they afforded themselves. 
Years earlier when David laid out the plans for his palace, the structure and design of this hall were of great importance to him. Careful pains were taken to see to it that the palace's dining hall was extraordinary and, indeed, it was. Its length was so great that one hundred men could stand shoulder to shoulder from one end to the other. Its width reflected pleasing symmetric proportions. Along the length of the broad south wall was a series of arched, wide doorways through which the servants could carry food from the kitchen. The ceiling was more than four times the height of any man. Great cedar beams decorated it, presenting some of the highest quality of craftsmanship in all the land. In its entire structure, the hall was built of a finely polished granite and the floor was the customary limestone. There was a band of high windows, also carefully placed along each side of the room to allow the early morning light to penetrate the hall easily. 
A stunningly beautiful table constructed of polished cedar of the finest quality was crafted to fit perfectly into the King's dining room. Enormous bouquets of beautiful flowers from some of the King's fairest gardens were placed fresh along the center of the table each day. The hall was truly a glorious accomplishment in every respect and the pleasure of the King's early hours. 
Seated closest to him were his wives and sons and their wives as well as his daughters and their husbands. Many of his brothers and their wives were there too. Moving on down from them were many Levite priests, special friends and officials who had earned a place at David's table. Even Joab and Abishai were there and a number of other high ranking military figures. 
Nathan, whenever he visited Jerusalem, had a seat next to the King at his insistence. On several of those occasions Kezmin also attended, though Nathan knew that she had never really come to feel comfortable there. Yet, she did love the King, just as Nathan, and felt it a great honor to be invited. Other visitors and diplomats often graced his table and, in some ways, breakfast was more important than the evening meal. It was certainly always a joyous affair and one that they all looked forward to.
On this morning all those gathered in the great hall seemed exceptionally cheerful and the mood was high! The talking and laughter were so loud that the King, who wished to address those gathered, was forced to stand to his feet before he could achieve bringing any level of quietness to the great hall. When, at last the noise had been reduced to only a murmur David began to speak.
As he stood there, crown upon his head he lifted his hand and pointed to his son, Eliada. "I understand that my son, Eliada, has an announcement that he wishes to give this morning!” The King smiled warmly for he knew what his son's words would be. If there was one thing that could never be questioned about the King, it was the fact that he loved his sons and daughters. All of them! The fact that Absalom was not at his table had not escaped his attention, for he was always very keen to notice these things. Absalom had not been there for the last several days, in fact, and David who, as King, always had a myriad of concerns dancing about in his head, had to take stock each morning and recall that he, himself, gave his son permission to go to Hebron. Absalom had told the King that he wished to fulfill a vow there and worship the Lord God. When any of his children were away, the King missed them. 
David again motioned with his hand for the somewhat timid young man to stand. When he did, David took his seat. Eliada, though perhaps not as graced with appearance as some of David's other sons, still had an uncommonly pleasant way about him that won the hearts of all that he met. Somewhat shy, but warm and transparent always, he was known to be remarkably keen and honest. David considered him a credit to his name and looked very much forward to hearing what he was about to say.
"Well, ah . . . I wish to keep this simple so I guess the best way to do that is to just say it. I and Syrina are to be mar. . ." But before he could finish the words he saw that everyone was looking at a great commotion coming from where the King sat. One of the special guards had entered the room with an expression of gravity on his face and whispered into the King's ear. At that point David's face went pale! Eliada slowly sat for he knew that something was very disturbingly wrong. 
The room became deathly quiet as the King stared forward into the center of the table but his eyes seemed exceedingly far away. Slowly he lifted his hands and placed them on his crown, at which point he removed it and placed it upon the table before him. "It seems that I am no longer to be regarded as King of Israel!” His words were soft but deliberate. 
For a long while, other than a few initial gasps of shock, there was a profound silence throughout the hall. After some time one of David's sons seated near him reached and placed his hand on his father's lower arm which was now barely touching the crown. He spoke. "Father, this cannot be!" 
David only turned slightly to look him in the eyes but his mind was still in deep confusion. The young man tightened his fingers around his fathers arm, wishing him to feel every ounce of moral support which his heart was feeling. "I believe I know what has happened today as well as who is responsible, Father!" The youth spoke softly, looking his father deeply in the eyes. The room remained under an absolute hush as the two of them struggled to converse. 
The boy was still very young but, nonetheless, was already known for his judicious thinking. Today he was dressed in a lavish blue and white Kethoneth, or outer robe, his hair somewhat long and his face conveying a deep sense of comprehension of what was transpiring. 
At long last David answered him with the simple words. "It is so!"
Solomon, for his part, did not flinch at the reply, but rather gripped his father's arm even harder as he answered. "By the living God, Father, righteousness will prevail!"
At the same time Joab, who had been informed following David, had now risen and made his way up to stand beside the King. The man was like a leopard postured to attack, his words deep and filled with bitter realization. "I await your orders, Sire!” There was a fire burning in the eyes of the general and his mind was already contriving vengeance. He was aware that a large part of his forces were south of Hebron and almost certainly, by what the messenger said, they had joined the conspirators! Still, his mind was ready for whatever lay ahead and he would do everything in his power to win the kingdom back and issue a terrible retribution upon the head of Absalom. In his heart he swore to it!
At that moment the messenger returned to David and lifted his hand slightly to ask his permission to speak. "It seems there is more, Your Majesty." The man spoke rather bluntly. 
"Tell me all!” David curtly replied.
"It appears, Sire, that the hearts of the people of Israel are . . . with Absalom! I have just received word indicating that not only has all of Israel, from Dan to Simeon, joined Absalom's ranks, but it seems that they are, even now, preparing to leave Hebron to march here and assault the city, and . . . lay Jerusalem waste should they encounter resistance. Their forces are great!" The messenger halted a moment before adding, "I am sorry, Sire!"
Once those that were in the hall understood all that was happening, great confusion began to overtake the room. The King, now regaining his composure, at least to some degree, stood up to speak. "As you have all heard with your own ears, this day has my own flesh and blood turned against me! Yet, in my heart I know that this has all happened by the will of God. I have tried to be a just King to Israel but far be it from me to stand here and claim that I have not had my failures. If God has determined to remove me from the throne this day, then who am I to resist His will." 
At that moment someone at the far end of the table cried out the words, "Long live King David! Long live King David!" And they all began to chant the words repeatedly with great force and emotion. 
It was something that the King needed to hear at the moment, and he halted his speaking, to allow them to continue for some time. Then he lifted his hands to continue. "At this moment my concern is for you. All of you! Our fate lies together, so let us place ourselves into the hands of God Almighty and trust that He will have mercy upon us. We must prepare ourselves for what will almost certainly be a devastating assault before nightfall!" 
The King then turned to Joab and questioned him. "How do we stand militarily?” 
Joab wished he could say otherwise but even of those that he knew would remain loyal to the crown, many were not in Jerusalem at the time. And, further, there was no way that he could possibly gather them in the brief time it would take Absalom to travel the short distance from Hebron. Joab now understood why Absalom had suddenly wanted to go to Hebron. His schemes were set to perfection. It was plain that he needed to depart Jerusalem so that he could muster a great force secretly with which to return and conquer the city. Plus he knew better than anyone how few of the King’s army was presently in Jerusalem. There was no question in Joab's mind that Absalom would have a sizable military force! "I am sorry, Sire, but we simply do not have the soldiers to support a defense of the city. We have less than five thousand men and my informants are telling me that the conspirators have likely amassed a force five times that. At this time, I cannot protect the city!"
David looked crushed! He turned his head back to the table as he leaned upon his arms and deeply pondered the perilous situation. However, Joab, whose mind was working feverishly to decide a realistic appraisal of his forces, knew that, given time, he could match that which Absalom had amassed. Knowing this with certainty, he again spoke. "Sire if I may speak!"
David, without saying anything, lifted his hand to give the general the floor. 
"I need at least a full day if not two, but if we could somehow buy that much time, I am certain that I could rally an opposing army that would match anything that Absalom can throw at us. But I must have that time!"
The King thought on this for only a moment but knew there was no way that he could buy one day much less two. As he stood there thinking, the only possible channel of escape began to fill his mind. He knew that they all must desert the city. There was simply no other way. David was in need of no one to enlighten him to the fact that his son would be forced to not only assassinate him as King, but also all his brothers as well. As his mind cleared he began to comprehend the whole of the situation and, when he did, he knew that they must act with extreme haste and he stood up suddenly from the table to speak. "There is only one thing left for us, then. We must flee this city!" 
"All of you, listen well to my words for your lives may depend on it. With haste we must flee this very moment! We will need every possible moment of daylight to escape the designs that Absalom surely has for us. Do not return to your houses for it will surely mean your death. Take nothing but the clothes on your back. With all haste we must flee to the eastern wilderness and the Jordan River. If we can reach the wilderness before nightfall we might have a chance of escape. Go now and I will meet you at the edge of the city!"
Just as the King and his men were turning to leave the great table it was Solomon that spoke one last thing as he reached out his hand toward the crown still lying upon the table. “Father, what of your crown?”
“Leave it here, Solomon. This day I will vacate my throne and go down to the wilderness and with the people I will pass over the Jordan. But if the Lord God decrees it, He will bring me safely back to my place upon the throne and on that day shall the crown be placed upon my head again. All is in the hands of our God!” With that spoken, they all turned to flee, leaving the crown placed upon the table just beyond David’s place at its head. It was a great and lengthy table that now sat quiet and empty with its chairs unoccupied as if . . . waiting!
Quickly the crowd dispersed, informing all within the city as they went, of the calamity that was upon them. In only a matter of moments a great multitude was moving out of the Jerusalem toward the Mount of Olives, where David would meet them and lead the way. 
At this time it happened that there were many foreigners in the city. Many had come here to worship the Lord God and many remained as citizens. There was even a large division of the city that was Philistine, men and their families whose hearts the Lord God had touched and who followed David years earlier when he came home from Gath! These all lived in the city and, because Absalom knew they would be loyal to David, their lives were also in great jeopardy. Every one of these and many more met David on the outskirts of the city of Jerusalem. Many of them could have fled to their own countries but, instead, they were ready to follow David even to the death if necessary! And so it happened that all Jerusalem must flee. And on this day, the day of Absalom's rebellion, they did so . . . 
Years later it would be the Prophet, Nathan of Bethel, that would inscribe in great detail an account of these perilous moments upon tablets of clay. He wrote it in this manner! 

So on that day The King set out, with his entire household following him; but he left ten concubines to take care of the palace. 
So the King set out, with all the people following him, and they halted at the edge of the city. All his men marched past him, along with all the Kerethites and Pelethites; and all the six hundred Gittites who had accompanied him from Gath marched before the King.
The whole countryside wept aloud as all the people passed by. The King also crossed the Kidron Valley, and all the people moved on toward the wilderness.
Zadok was there, too, and all the Levites who were with him were carrying the ark of the covenant of God. They set down the ark of God, and Abiathar offered sacrifices until all the people had finished leaving the city.
Then the King said to Zadok, 
"Take the ark of God back into the city. If I find favor in the Lord's eyes, he will bring me back and let me see it and his dwelling place again. But if he says, 'I am not pleased with you,' then I am ready; let him do to me whatever seems good to him. 
But David continued up the Mount of Olives, weeping as he went; his head was covered and he was barefoot. All the people with him covered their heads too and were weeping as they went up. 

Thus, was the account of the Nathan the Prophet.
King David now had only one desire in mind and that was to take his people to safety and, following that, one objective he set forth: to cross the wilderness between them and the Jordan river! 
Now, it seems that, over the many years before the great rebellion of Absalom, David, as King, had given positions of high standing to a select number of officials, but two men in particular. The one was Ahithophel the Gilonite, his counselor, and the other was Hushai, the King's personal confidant. Ahithophel was a man of the world, clever and wise but very much given to his own interests. His advice, however, was greatly respected and David looked upon his counsel as one who inquires of God. His mind was exceedingly keen and he had years of experience under a broad canopy of situations. Hushai was also renowned for his sensible council but had never been as public as his counterpart. 
At this time, Ahithophel, it seems quickly defected to Absalom's camp even though he had served under David for many years. Absalom had promised him much gold as well as position and, upon this, he made his decision to forsake the King. Even while David was climbing the Mount of Olives and the situation looked exceedingly grim Hushai, however, made his way to the King to pledge himself on life or death, and David, therefore, knew he was loyal. 
As the King marched out of his beloved city, his mind was all the while, churning with considerations as to what were his best strategies and in what way he might possibly gain control of the kingdom once again. Foremost in his mind was the awareness that he would need eyes and ears inside the city once Absalom occupied it. This would give him at least a fighting chance. Therefore, when Hushai came to him, David quickly requested that he return to the city under the guise of forsaking him. In this way Hushai could send secret messengers and keep David informed on all that was happening. Hushai, having a loyal heart, was more than eager to do as the King instructed. He met Absalom as he entered the city and, at the earliest opportunity, Hushai went to Absalom to speak. "Long live the King! Long live the King!" Hushai called out vigorously as he bowed down repeatedly, making his way to the throne which Absalom now occupied. There, in the royal throne room, Absalom was seated, dressed in the royal robes of his Father, and holding the great crown of King David in his hands but refusing to place it upon his own head until the kingdom was without question, secured. It was he that had lifted it from the great table in the dinning hall and he gazed upon it now with the deepest of lust and desire. What a great price he had paid to gain it and in as little as one more day, it would be his forever! Jerusalem would be his as well and one day . . . all the earth!
There was an extreme arrogance about Absalom now that Hushai had never detected before. His very expressions seemed menacing. The man knew that he must choose his words with great caution. 
The new monarch looked at him suspiciously for a long while and then rose from the throne and began to walk a broad circle around him. As he did so, he began to make certain inquiries. "Ahithophel has never been called the friend of the King so far as I am aware. But with you, Hushai, it is a different matter. It is well known that my father esteemed you and considered you a friend. Is this the way you treat his friendship? How is it that you did not flee with him?" 
"But I am, indeed, the friend of David, Your Majesty. Nonetheless, am I to resist God in this matter and oppose the one that He has plainly chosen to be King, and that the people have chosen? Would my friend ask me to forsake what is plainly right, to forsake God's will? I am loyal to David, but, alas, true to the Lord God and the people of Israel first. Am I to uphold David if David opposes the will of God? May it be far from me, Sire! I will serve the son as faithfully as I served the father, for such it seems is plainly the will of God . . . as well as that of the people!"
The young King seemed to relax at this statement and even placed his hand on the shoulder of the older man as a gesture of his confidence. "We are honored to have you with us, Hushai, and let me say that I do not let loyalty go unrewarded. With you and Ahithophel both coming to my side I believe, with deep conviction, that the Lord God has decreed my place on the throne. Further, I believe that once we have put this ah . . . most distasteful matter of dealing with my father behind us we can all work together to build a nation that those before us, only dreamed of!"
"May the will of God melt away all resistance, Sire, and may the King live long and see the desires of his heart fulfilled!” Hushai bowed to Absalom as if addressing him with this statement but actually his prayer was for the only King he truly recognized! 
Now, Absalom, not being at all experienced and certainly lacking any sort of discernment, fell for the words of Hushai readily, truly never questioning his motives. It would prove to be the first step toward his undoing!
As soon as Hushai left his court Absalom called for Ahithophel! "It is plain to me that the direction I take at this moment is very crucial, which is to say, I think my success depends on making the right decisions here and now. I am trying to decide my next step carefully, Ahithophel, what advice do you give me?"
Ahithophel's keen mind had already been considering what Absalom's best move would be. He was very much aware that once his followers had entered Jerusalem, there would be, among his men, in all likelihood, some sense of regret at knowing that the King was fleeing for his life. It was necessary to divert these feelings and crystallize the loyalty between Absalom and his men, no matter what the price. Otherwise all would be doomed! If there was any chance that the hearts of his men should change once they caught up to David, the whole of the rebellion could turn back upon the young King. Ahithophel knew that something must be done to permanently sever the feelings of the people from any trace of loyalty to David. 
"Two things I suggest, Your Majesty! First of all, we are told that the King left ten of his concubines in the palace. I advise that you sleep with each of them in the presence of all Israel so that the people will see it. Pitch a tent upon the rooftop in daylight and then go in unto them, enjoying their delights, so that all the people can witness it for themselves. In this way you will, most assuredly, make yourself obnoxious in your father's eyes, and so the men will know that there is now no turning back. Their hands and hearts will then be resolute in this matter.
"Secondly, David and those that went with him have been fleeing the city all this day and will be very weary by nightfall. After you have slept with the King's wives in the sight of all the people, rise speedily and pursue David this very evening. In that way you will find him too fatigued to oppose you. Take twelve thousand of your best men and see to it that David does not escape. Attack him while he is weak and vulnerable. Strike terror into the hearts of the people that are with him. Strike the King down where he stands. Also, do not leave one of your brothers alive! But see to it that no harm comes to anyone else. In this way all the people will resign and return with you to the city. All will be accomplished! The kingdom will be yours!"
All the elders of Israel were pleased with Ahithophel's words and agreed that his words were wise. 
But Absalom said, "Summon also Hushai the Arkite, so we can hear what he has to say as well.” 
Hushai understood how important it was for him to buy David and his men time to rally. Having been summoned to advise the young King he realized at once that he had a chance to do just that and contrived his words accordingly! When Hushai came to him Absalom said, "Ahithophel has given this advice. Should we do what he says? If not, give us your opinion."
It was also true that Hushai was a man greatly gifted to speak, renowned for his power of oration. With heart and soul he poured out his words before the pretentious King whom he now addressed. 

"The advice Ahithophel has given is not good this time. You know your father and his men; they are fighters and as fierce as a wild bear robbed of her cubs. Besides, your father is an experienced fighter who has been hunted before. He will not spend the night with the troops. Even now he is hidden in a cave or some other place. If he should attack your troops first, whoever hears about it will say, 'there has been a slaughter among the troops who follow Absalom.' Then even the bravest soldier, whose heart is like the heart of a lion, will melt with fear, for all Israel knows that your father is a warrior and that those with him are brave."
"So, I advise you: Let all Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, as numerous as the sand on the seashore, be gathered to you with you leading them into battle. Then we will attack him wherever he may be found, and we will fall on him as dew settles on the grass. Neither he nor any of his men will be left alive. If he withdraws into a city, then all Israel will bring ropes to that city, and we will drag it down to the valley until not so much as a pebble is left."

As Absalom listened to the words of Hushai his soul was greatly moved by his persuasive manner and the elders of Israel likewise consented to the wisdom of his argument. They would follow the advice of Hushai! As it happened, however, Hushai had left the King's hall and was not informed that Absalom would wait to pursue David as he had advised. Knowing that Ahithophel had advised going after him this very day, Hushai made all haste in sending messengers to David to warn him that Absalom's men might fall upon the King, this very night. 
His words to David were thus, 

"Do not spend the night at the fords in the wilderness; cross over, without fail, or the King and all the people with him will be swallowed, up."

David, upon receiving these words took his people at once and, though they were very weary from walking all the day, he led them across the river. By daybreak there was not a soul, of all those that had come with him left behind on the western side of Jordan!
It was, by now, turning toward the evening and Ahithophel was watching the development of all these things with keen and anxious observation. When he realized that Absalom had not followed his advice his heart sank for he knew, at that very moment, that all was lost and that David, the King, would return to Jerusalem. Ahithophel saddled his donkey and, as the sun was setting he left the city of Jerusalem by the eastern gate. With great determination, he set his house in order as the grayness of evening stole over the earth. When morning did arrive, his servant would find his body hanging from a large oak just outside the stone entranceway leading to his house!
**********
For a second long and fearful night Kezmin had sat beside Nathan's bedside, bathing his fevered face with a cool, damp cloth. The movement of her lips was almost undetectable as she uttered her soft prayers! Her heart ached with pressing fear! 
Azarias was asleep with his head lying on a folded blanket on the floor where he had spent the night! Kaleb was sitting in a distant corner with his face lying against his folded arms placed atop his knees. The young man had just arrived home, having spent the night seeking news concerning the King and his fate. He had arrived home less than an hour earlier with the news that the King's household would be on the eastern side of the river by the time the sun arose. Kaleb was very weary but insisted on staying in the room to await the outcome of Nathan's condition.
Nathan had been a good master and treated the young man as if he were his own son. Kaleb loved him dearly and could not endure the thought that something might take him away. So he, too, quietly prayed.
Ahijah was asleep in his own bed and the house was ever so quiet with the exceptions of the occasional light groan of the man lying on the bed. 
Just as the sun began to rise, Kezmin felt that it might be possible that Nathan's fever had broken and she allowed herself to hope that death might have passed by. Still, she knew that many times a person in these kinds of situations will seem to take a turn for the better and then suddenly plummet. She was very aware of this, actually, and her heart would not be calmed until she, once again, heard her husband's voice. How she longed to hear him speak!
Kaleb, at last, succumbed to sleep and lay slumped over on the floor as the first rays of light began to fall upon the earth. Time dragged by ever so slowly. 
For Kezmin, it seemed too much like an ordinary day. Her mind seemed to rebel against the facts. All things should have halted! The sky should not have turned its lovely morning blue! The animals outside the window grazing on the dew moistened grass should all have ceased movement and all things ought to have surely hung upon the destiny of this man that meant more than life to her. 
It was true that his fever was down but, at the same time his breathing seemed to have almost halted. The heart of the lovely Kezmin began to be enwrapped with worry and despair. Her face was now lying softly in her open hands and tears began to roll down between her fingers and fall into the folds of her clothing. She prayed softly! Her mind, in turmoil as she struggled with the tormenting pangs of fear that relentlessly stabbed at her soul! All was still and hushed! Kezmin's slightest utterances, mostly under her breath, the only sound being made. She waited and tried to control her fears but they gathered in her mind with vengeance and threatened to overwhelm her. All was so very still as Kezmin waited! She continued to rest her face in her hands and quietly supplicate.
"The King, does he live?" an extremely soft voice broke the silence. 
Kezmin opened her eyes to look down, once again, on the handsome face of Nathan as he raised his head just a bit and earnestly sought her answer. 
"Oh, Nathan!” Kezmin embraced him pressing her face against his and her broken words were also faint, being mingled with a flood of tears as she struggled to reassure him with her answer. 
"Yes! Yes Nathan! The King lives! He has crossed the Jordan. He and all the people are safe!" 
Nathan let his head rest back on the pillow and brightness seemed to come into his eyes. "He crossed the Jordan, you say!" His words were not a question, more a statement. "Just like the sacred oracle foretold.” Nathan's words were almost inaudible as he turned his face toward the window and looked out, his mind pondering deeply.
"You cannot know how worried I have been, Nathan! It is so good just to hear you speak!" Kezmin expressed as she continued to wipe away the tears from her eyes. 
Nathan slowly reached up his hand and took hold of hers. He did not say a word but only looked her deeply in the eyes for long moments with a knowing and reassuring look. 
"I must get you some soup! It will help you regain your strength!” Kezmin told him as she rose up to fetch the broth. When she returned with it, she carefully gave him one sip at a time until he had taken all he could for the time being. He, then, laid his head back to rest. 
"We have been told that the King stands a much better chance now that he has had time to rally his troops. They are preparing to withstand Absalom and his men at the Ephraim wood!" Kezmin stated. 
"At the Ephraim Wood? What a treacherous place to . . . fight a battle.” Here Nathan halted to regain his fleeting breath. Then he softly continued. “It may go bad for all of them. . . It is a place filled with cliff, gorge, . . . rock and brush, so much so . . . that it is hard for one man . . . to ride through, . . . much less a troop of men." 
Nathan's voice was still very weak and sometimes Kezmin had to lean forward to hear him. She encouraged him to rest more but it seemed that he had much on his mind. Again he lifted his head just a bit and spoke. "I'm not sure . . . what to think.” The ill man paused again a long while then went on speaking. “I have often wondered . . . how it would possibly . . . be that the King would ever leave Jerusalem . . . and cross the Jordan River. . . but now it all makes sense!" 
"And, have you heard . . . anything about the ark. Did he carry it . . . with him or leave it at Jerusalem?"
Kezmin looked a little puzzled at his inquiry. "The Ark? Strange that you should ask that because Zodok, the priest, went to great pains to bring it with David and he and Abiathar sacrificed before it until every last person had passed by as they were leaving the city. This seemed a strange ordeal in itself and surely slowed their escape down. But, even more strange was the fact that the King, after sacrifice was made, ordered them to take the ark back! All of us have been perplexed by his decision to do so but, by all I have heard, this is just what happened!" 
"It was foretold . . . by the ancients. I do not understand it either . . . but it was prophesied in ancient times . . . that once the sacrifices were offered up to God . . . while every living soul passed by . . . the King would command that the Ark . . . remain in Jerusalem. It was foretold that it would foreshadow . . . the works of Messiah . . . when he comes. We will only know then . . . what its true meaning is, but I feel sure that . . . it is a marvelous thing!" 
"Certainly these things are peculiar and hard to understand." Kezmin added as she stood and took up the clay bowl from which she had just fed Nathan the soup. "That is not all of the matter either. We are told that a man of the Benjamites followed David all the way to the Jordan River, reviling and cursing him exceedingly and, yet, the King would not allow him to be stopped. It is even said that the King forgave him and pledged to do him no harm. It was a very strange event as well and many ask why the King acted in such a manner!"
A slight smile came over the face of the Prophet as he lay upon his bed and softly uttered, "all, then, is fulfilled!" With that said Nathan was exhausted and laid his head to the side and fell again into a deep slumber!
**********
When David went to Mahanaim, which was just beyond the Jordan, he began, at once, to set up his offensive. More than twenty thousand loyal men had come to him there and, within a day, were prepared for battle.
He broke his men up into three divisions, with command given to Joab, Abishai and Ittai, the same that had followed him out of the city of Jerusalem. 
Absalom had crossed the Jordan the night before and was ready to engage his father in battle. However, when news had come to Absalom that Ahithophel had gone to his home and hanged himself, he quickly began to understand that Hushai had purposely deceived him to give his father time to rally an army! Further, Absalom perceived that he had now lost his advantage and surely any opportunity for success. His men knew it as well and their hearts melted within them. 
For one thing, all the seasoned generals were with David. Moreover, all of David's men were fighting for their very existence, whereas his own men were only part of a failing conspiracy! And, lastly, Absalom, whose heart had now sunk into utter dejection, reckoned that he would be fighting the will of God Himself!
When David's men left out in the early morning, David had been very careful to warn them against doing harm to Absalom. His very words were, "Do the young man, Absalom, no harm!” 
But, Joab knew that if opportunity came to him, he would in no wise heed this warning!
At Ephraim wood the battle was indeed treacherous and more men were killed by the forest itself that day than by the sword. Indeed, more than ten thousand casualties would be reported for this day. 
The battle quickly went sore against Absalom and his men. Before the sun was well up into the heavens the outcome was decided and those who fought with him had been thoroughly routed. Absalom knew all was lost and began his retreat but, as he did so, he, unfortunately, ran into some of David's men. Turning his mule and moving quickly he passed under a large oak tree. Passing beneath, his long hair became entangled in its branches, at which time his mule ran away from under him. Absalom was left hanging with his feet only a short distance from the ground, yet he could not free himself. 
At that time one of David's men saw Absalom and, thinking that Joab would cut him down and take him to the King, he reported it to the general himself. 
"What? You saw him? Why didn't you strike him to the ground right there? Then I would have had to give you ten shekels of silver and a warrior's belt! "
But the man replied, "Even if a thousand shekels were weighed out into my hands, I would not lay a hand on the King's son. In our hearing the King commanded you and Abishai and Ittai, 'Protect the young man, Absalom, for my sake.' If I had put my life in jeopardy, and nothing is hidden from the King's eyes, you would have kept your distance from me. I would be as one that never spoke to Joab for such are your ways and your reputation goes out everywhere before you! I am here today for the King and I fight his battle. I am not at the beckoning of the high and mighty Joab! Do your own mischief but do not expect my hand to have a part in it! Truly the King has suffered enough treachery for one day!" 
But Joab paid him no mind and took three javelins in his hands as he quickly returned to the place where Absalom hung from the tree. 
When the Prince saw the one that came toward him and that he bore the javelins in his hand, great fear entered his heart and he began to call to Joab. "Joab, my brother. We are family, are we not? Spare my life and the King will reward you handsomely, I assure you! Do not do the evil that I see in your eyes this day or the King will turn against you forever!" 
Absalom reached up with his own hands into his hair trying to grasp it and climb upward, as panic had overtaken him and he thrust his body upward repeatedly, trying to escape. Raging panic prompted his bizarre but desperate jerking and thrusting about, yet, it was obviously hopeless. 
Joab circled him like a jackal deliberately drawing out its kill. "Did you really think, Absalom, that you could overthrow the throne while I was commander of the King's forces? One way or the other I would have crushed you like a gnat! You played the fool! You were the mouse that toyed with the paw of the lion, and now you will pay the price!"
The once handsome face of Absalom had now turned ashen as pangs of terror assaulted his mind. Still reaching up to grasp his entangled hair, which was pulled away and upward from his head, he struggled to alleviate the pounding agony the situation was inflicting upon his tormented skull. His face, a mask of agony, sweaty and dirty as it exhibited a mass of protruding bones. How deeply it reflected the terror that now flooded his racing mind with unrelenting and wild surges! 
"Joab!” Absalom’s voice sounded exceedingly desperate, its pitch and tone high and unnatural. “Surely there is something you want! Something I can get for you? You know my father has always held me in special regard above my brothers. I can secure anything that you wish for! Please consider your intentions. Truly you cannot imagine the benefit I can be to you this day!"
Joab, whose voice bore the traces of vexation and lust for revenge, called out, his words raw and powerful and loaded with emotion. “I wish for nothing. . . except your death! I am commander of all the forces of Israel, which is all I have ever wanted. I have killed anyone that stood in the way of that including Abner, the Benjamite. Do you really imagine that if I would eliminate a noble man like him that I would hesitate to kill you? You are nothing more than a flea!"
At that Joab raised his hand with the first javelin and, as he did, Absalom lifted his voice and cried out, "Nooooooooooooo spare. . . ."
But just then the spear entered his chest and pierced his heart. His eyes opened wide with pain as his hands took hold of its shank and blood ran down like a river over the front of his tunic. A second and then a third spear pierced his body and his hands dropped to his sides. Spasms shook the suspended body of the young dissenter as Absalom gasped his last breath. Joab knew that the rebellion was over!
 ***********
When messengers came to David and told him that his son was dead his heart broke and he fell to his knees in agony and wept aloud. Slowly, as he ran his hands over his head in grief, he began to cry out, "O my son, Absalom! My son, my son Absalom! If only I had died instead of you! O Absalom, my son, my son!"
He turned to make his way up to the room over the gateway of the city and, all the time, cried out in deep sorrow the same words. Even though his son had betrayed him in the most despicable manner his heart found it difficult to let go. Tears ran down his face and his breath failed him as deep and unspeakable heartache enveloped his whole being like a dark cloud!
It was only a short while later that Joab and all his men came into the city expecting to celebrate a great victory, as if they had snatched a lamb from the jaws of death. Joab was told, "The King is weeping and mourning for Absalom.” For the whole army the victory was turned into mourning, because, on that day, the troops heard it said, "The King is grieving for his son.” The men stole into the city as men steal in who are ashamed when they flee from battle.
Joab made his way up to the upper room where the King grieved, desiring to speak to him. "Today you have humiliated all your men who have just saved your life and the lives of your sons and daughters and the lives of your wives and concubines! You love those who hate you and hate those who love you. You have made it clear today that the commanders and their men mean nothing to you! I see that you would be pleased if Absalom were yet alive today and all of us were dead!" Joab's words were heated and immediately great tension came between the two of them. 
David, who had been seated on the floor with his head bowed in sorrow, quickly sprang to his feet. "You speak to me like this! You who are nothing more than a contemptible traitor? Do I not know that it was your hand that threw the spear that took away the life of my son?"
"He was the enemy of Israel! Can't you see that? Are you so blinded by your feelings? He rose up against you with his own hand and would have struck you down without compunction, and you dare fault me for taking his life?"
"It would have been a different matter if he had been struck down fair in the heat of battle but that is not as it was. You executed him! You executed my own son! You took everything into your own hands as if Israel did not have a King! You come here with the blood of my son on your murderous hands to set me right about the regard I have for my men!"
"You wretched fool! Do you think I have forgotten Abner who also died by your villainess hand. You are a murderer and the earth has long been calling for your own blood!"
Joab, whose anger was now boiling, quickly reached his hand and placed it on the hilt of his sheathed sword!
"Go on, slay the King! Add one more to your murderous number. Then all Israel will hunt you down like an animal and see that your blood is poured out just as my son's blood was poured out. So, go on! Pull your sword! I will not resist you!"
The two men stared each other long in the eyes before Joab at last turned and walked out the door, slamming it hard behind him!
**********
It required David some long while before he was able to summon his men to commend them for their great victory. The King’s approach seemed more hesitant than usual as he took his place to speak from the floor of the loft above the arched gate to Mahanaim. The sun had set and the evening had grown dark. The dancing amber flames from a wide scattering of blazing camp fires tended to cast a warm glow upon the faces of his men as he looked down at them. Still, as he stood there and observed them for a long moment he could plainly see the traces of a certain lingering dejection and his own heart was moved because of it. 
The King did not wear a robe nor was there a crown upon his head. The Lord’s Anointed, yet he wore a sable tunic and the attire of a warrior. Foremost in his heart he longed to be back across the Jordan seated on his throne in the ever-peaceful Jerusalem. Moreover, he yearned to lead these men home! These out of all Israel who had proved themselves true! Today he had become one of them as never before. On this day he endured a heartbreak that would be with him always and, because of it, he would forever know the suffering that was so often the lot of those he ruled. All of this was within his heart as he prepared to speak. 
The Kings first words trembled with emotion. 
“How bravely have you men fought this day!” Here the King paused just a moment to allow his own composure . . . for he had been weeping. Then he continued. 
“I entreat you, forgive the father within me that weeps for his slain son. I weep because I know that the one that slew him was more villainous than the one slain!” 
“Yet I do not wish that my grief should eclipse the brightness of the glorious victory that has taken place here. Because when I consider the splendid achievements of this day, and how you men, one and all, so willingly laid your lives down upon the altar of sacrifice for the throne of David and the safety of our beloved city, it moves my heart with a sense of deep gratitude.” 
The King then paused again briefly and, as he looked out upon the wearied faces of his jaded men, something deep began to stir within his own heart, and he lifted his head a little higher and lifted his voice as well. “Your struggles . . . your valiant fight . . . and your spilled blood shall not be forgotten! Though I know . . . that there is not stone enough in all . . . the mountains . . . of Lebanon to build a monument fit, or that could ever properly express our gratitude for the debt our nation owes to each of you!” Here the King paused again and began to look intently from face to face of all the men before him. As his heart grew more impassioned, he lifted his voice even higher and continued.
“When, at last, the beckoning fingers of dust have summoned me to rest with my fathers, and the last whispers of the deeds of King David are fallen away and hushed forever, your story will have just begun to ring out down through the ages of time. On that day, when the infamous deeds of the supplanter are recounted with all its treachery and ignobility, may the glorious conduct of you brave men forever echo across the un-bridged gulfs of eternity! May each page of this story be turned slowly and pressed with affection to rest upon the one before as you tell your children and your children’s children of struggles, yes . . . but also unsurpassed triumphs! Tell them of men who marched out of the night with blood and sweat mingled upon their brows. And do not forget to tell of the brave fallen, of the silent victors, those whose bodies lie still and cold upon the damp earth, who suffered the vengeful sword of the wicked but who breathed out their final breath as already wearing the victor’s crown. Each of them joins us here tonight along with you, brave and true! For you and they alike are the champions. The conquests of this day belong to you! Your honor cannot be summed up in words. It is the brightest among a multitude of stars!”
“But, always remember what you have fought so valiantly to gain. Remember that for which your blood has been spilled. For tomorrow we march for home. And by morning light we will cross over Jordan. So to every man of you I say, let your heart take wings, for Jerusalem is waiting . . . Jerusalem is waiting our glorious return!” 

And the King was grateful for all that stood beside him in his struggle for the throne. Yet, David would never forget how such a large part of his people, on this day, turned against him to follow the young conspirator who was his own son. Life would never be the same. 
His love for God and righteousness had not been altered. He would go on to write and sing of His glory, but there would be, forever, a sense of hollowness now to his life, indeed a scar within the recesses of his soul that would forever remain. The joy that once filled him was, at least somewhat diminished, and a shadow would now pervade his life for the rest of his days. 
As for the Lord God, His anger was stirred against those who forsook David! The events of this day would not be forgotten! 




Chapter Twelve
The Blue Chasm

Of old you spoke in a vision to your faithful one, and said: "I have set the crown upon one who is mighty, I have exalted one chosen from the people.” Psalm 89:19


"If a Prophet or a dreamer of dreams arises among you and gives you a sign or a wonder, and the sign or wonder that he tells you comes to pass, and if he says, 'Let us go after other gods,' which you have not known, 'and let us serve them,' you shall not listen to the words of that Prophet or that dreamer of dreams. Deuteronomy 13:1-5


For two years and five months Tarkan trudged the harsh and gloomy terrain of the Blue Chasm. Each step that the loathsome creature took only intensified his sense of ill-being. Dread and vexation completely permeated this place, hanging almost as thick as the grayish-blue mist that drifted about heavily, clinging thickly and dripping from the rocks and walls. 
Vast stretches of black, adamant rock spread out in all directions broken only by trench and cleft, pits, and towering formations of craggy rock. All of this was covered with deep layers of scummy carbon soot which the ages have left behind.
If one looks upward in the Blue Chasm, it is not into the blue heavens, but rather to view a certain far reaching and impenetrable blackness, an ebony shade, which also bears a lingering cast of haunting blue light that infuses its bluish tint down upon all things within it. The form and character of this habitation, in itself, is grim, but that is greatly augmented by these faint, eerie rays of bluenesss that are sparingly filtered upon its ghastly terrain from that adjacent world - the Realm of Bliss! These subtle traces of blue haze only serve to cast a further shade of gloom and foreboding upon an already treacherous landscape.
The Chasm, itself, is as a vast, measureless antechamber; a place of shade and shadow, which, in time, in eons of time, travels on to reach that hideous destination - the Bottomless Pit, or more accurately, the doorway thus to! In truth, there is no place in all of existence as lamentable or dreadful or miserable as is the Blue Chasm! One could never fully describe the horror or frightfulness of its appalling confinements.
Thus was the world that Tarkan had entered. A place so diffused with despair that even a demon's mind could not resist its dreadful effects! Hopelessness is as the air one breathes here. Like a black cloud, it settles down on each and every spirit herein confined and, truly, there is no escape - ever! Among its shadows the sense of utter abandonment is as a creature of itself, which, though unseen, perpetually inflicts upon these wretched and discarded souls the poison of misery as a spider sinks its fangs deep to inject venom into the body of her victim. 
Normally Tarkan loved to hear the sound of agony being mercilessly wrung out from the tormented human spirit, but after so many days of listening to the sighs and wailing constantly surrounding him, even his vile and black soul suffered its abrasion, leaving him wishing only to just find the subject of his search, and be gone! 
This place, then, has been rightly designated the final abode! Here, sleeping or at least dazed, lingering in a stupor, sometimes dragging themselves about, are the disembodied spirits of the unrighteous dead. It is the culmination of their existence. 
When a soul dies he or she must first enter Sheol, a place irradiated by a brightness of staggering intensity! This very brightness itself is wondrous, and illuminates all things that are a part of Sheol. It is the first and most overwhelming thing that one sees after death. Once a spirit has entered that domain, they are instantly drawn to one or the other of two spheres, the entrances of which abide in Sheol, eternally side by side. On the right there is the portal that leads to the Realm of Bliss, to the left the second portal draws one down deeply into the Blue Chasm! 
Those who died as unrighteous cannot prevent themselves from being drawn by an indefinable, overwhelming force, as if bound and dragged with chains of iron into the dimly lit domains, the dredge and mire of the Blue Chasm. The righteous, on the other hand, are greeted warmly by appointed Cherubim as they are then escorted into the realm of bliss - and there they abide until the end of the age. 
 
When Tarkan, second archfiend of the Dark kingdom, was first charged with the mission to search the Blue Chasm, he knew it was necessary that he enter it by way of Sheol, or the valley of death. There is no other way by which one may enter its vast domain. It was something he dreaded from the very beginning. Indeed, the brightness of Sheol is dazzling, nearly to the point of leaving one entranced, and it caused the soul of the flagitious creature to recoil with loathsomeness, for he knew the source of this lustrous light was none other than the One, Himself!
It happens that the dwelling place of the Eternal God, creator of all things, lies on the opposite side of the Realm of Bliss, and the radiant glow from His dwelling not only illuminates that realm, that is, the Realm of Bliss, but its brilliant light also reaches, to some small extent, the Chasm. The light is greatly diminished as it passes through the blessed region until, in reality, only a small part of it reaches the Chasm. However, even as the beams transude the Realm of Bliss and make their way on into the abysm of the doomed, it causes the Chasm to glow with a dark, bluish light. Furthermore, that same glorious light shines forth at the two portals where Sheol abides with an almost overwhelming intensity! How greatly Tarkan's entire being was repulsed by the light of that place! 
Upon concluding his travel through Sheol, however, the wicked beast did have one glorious moment of gratification. It seems that as one first enters either one or other of the portals, that is, either the Realm of Bliss or the Blue Chasm, that the two domains then run parallel for some long distance in either world until finally, after a great time, they flare away from each other and are eventually separated by a great and fixed gulf. Yet even here, at their entrances, the two worlds are divided by an invisible boundary, a force unseen, like a glass wall, that is impenetrable and abiding. Here, as Tarkan trudged by, was a myriad of afflicted souls clinging to the unseen barrier, crying out with voices of misery and woe. They were looking into the world of the blessed with indescribable longings evidently pouring forth from their entire beings. Sometimes, upon the rarest of occasions, having diligently searched, they might even see one of those that they had known upon the earth. A son or a daughter, a mother or a father, yet, none of those were able in return, to see or answer or, in any way, respond to their pitiful, imploring cries. Oh what screaming howls of unspeakable dejection arose from this place! What weeping and wringing of hands! What yearnings of heart were constantly erupting from these souls who lined the enormous, imperceptible pane that separated the two worlds - the Blue Chasm, the Realm of Bliss! 
Tarkan stood by listening and reveling at the sight and sounds of such immeasurable misery! At last, however, he was forced by expediency to turn and resentfully begin his journey into the depth of the dark underworld.
For days and weeks he traveled, and, yet, had only just departed the vast entryway where multitudes lingered. It was the fear of displeasing Ha-Satan that pressed him forward. At long last the abyss grew somewhat darker and the spirits of men became less concentrated as he traveled on into the darker regions. 
While the evil creature slowly made his way deeper into the forsaken realm, he would call out in his detestable, shrieking voice, drawing the words out long and slow. "Balaam, son of Boer, I search for you!” For days and weeks he called out in the same manner and waited for an answer among the wailing cries that constantly assaulted his ears. "Balaam, son of Boer, come to me!” Yet, there was no reply, and on he would plod through the vaporous haze of gloominess and dread with spirits like shadows passing by, muttering softly or crying in anguish. It continued day after day without end. Some spoke. Tarkan heard one at a distance and stopped to listen. "But I have wealth! I have WEALTH!" 
The demon scoffed and mocked him and continued on. At another time he heard one speak with seemingly great enthusiasm, but only for a brief instance. "God you say, what utter nonsense!" His voice ringing with intense conviction, but then, and just as quickly, it changed only to fall nearly hushed to a constricted, muttering slur.
Upon hearing this one, Tarkan burst into an ardent and wicked laugher for some extended time, all the while traveling deeper into the depths of the Chasm. On he went, calling out the name of Balaam until, at last, from a distance, falling ever so softly upon his ears, came a quiet reply. "I am he!" 
The speech of the ancient Prophet sounded nothing like it had upon the earth, full and powerful and robust! Now it was washed out and bleached, nothing left but the residue of what was once there. A hollow, ringing voice that resounded only hopelessness and inexpressible regret! “Balaam, son of Boer, is that you?” The devilish beast called, attempting to ascertain the direction of the spirit that had just replied!
"It is I! Who is it that seeks Balaam of Pethor?" The spirit of Balaam cringed as the enormous beast, so monstrous appearing, slowly maneuvered the Chasm, head swinging from side to side, emitting ghastly sounding grunts, as he came to stand over the disembodied Prophet. 
"I am Tarkan of the Dark Kingdom, second only to mighty Ha-Satan himself, and I have been sent by the same to enlist you in a grave undertaking!"
There was an extended silence before the spirit of Balaam gave a reply. "Because of your kind . . . I have been brought to this place. Bound and held here as if by chains! I, who did wish to die the death of the righteous, gave heed to your lying words and tempting offers and sold away my soul for eternity! There is no service to which I would enlist that would, in any wise, further your evil ambitions! Why should you even consider otherwise?"
Tarkan was instantly angered and wished to afflict the spirit before him with all of the unimaginable pain he was capable of - but he knew better. Ha-Satan had requested the Prophet's cooperation and it was the task of Tarkan to enlist him. Therefore, he responded with words gentle and dripping with flattery and deception. "Where does your hope lie then, Balaam? With absolute certainty, you know that the One never alters the course or destination of a man who dies - as those of your kind say - in unrighteousness! You wait here for sentencing and nothing more! It is said, that upon that day you will surely suffer the second death! It is not so?"
There was a rather long silence before the ancient Prophet replied. "It is so!" Balaam answered, and, as he did so, he was unable to prevent a slight groan from escaping his lips. 
"Some say this will happen when Messiah arrives upon the earth, and steals its kingdoms away from my god, Ha-Satan! Do they not?"
"These things have been spoken by the Prophets of the land of Israel, it is true!"
Tarkan was now becoming more impassioned as his evil mind was forced to recall the foreboding predictions. "You, yourself, are not of Israel, but were rather a Prophet of the land of Ammon, were you not? Yet, your people were not blessed that the Messiah should rise up among them, but, rather, Israel. But, knowing that, you nonetheless, blessed the house of Israel! Why is that?"
"Messiah is a promise given to all the children of the earth and His foretelling have came forth from many peoples. When He comes He will be Messiah to all mankind, not to just those of Israel, though they are the people chosen from which He will appear. So far as what I, myself, uttered, I spoke that which the Lord God, the Most High put into my mouth and I could speak nothing more. It endlessly circles around in my mind even now. . .

I see Him, but not now;
I behold Him, but not near. 
A star will come out of Jacob; 
A scepter will rise out of Israel.

With great clarity the vision remains before the eyes of my soul. Signs in the heavens shall herald a day of unsurpassed glory. One day a star shall shine forth its beams with such radiance that men everywhere will look up in great wonder. A star so dazzling as to nearly defy the sun in its brilliance and glory! A star that shall proclaim the birth Messiah! 
Tarkan's hands wrung together as he held them behind his back and listened to the words being repeated. "Yes! We are well aware of your noble words and predictions. You were certainly a glorious light among the people of the river." Tarkan wished to flatter the man, though he was aware that it would likely have little effect upon the mind of the ancient Prophet. The fiend twisted about abruptly and paced once to the side before returning and bowing low to place his face near that of the spirit of Balaam. "But, you agree that this Messiah must come into the earth by way of the Hebrew people, is that not true?"
"It is true! I, myself, fell down prostrate when I heard the voice of the Most High speak to me. Indeed, He spoke these very words through my lips . . .

'But Israel will grow strong. A ruler will come out of Jacob.'" 

“Yes, a glorious Ruler will come out of Jacob one day! A magnificent Ruler beyond imagination! A Messiah of unspeakable power and beauty will come to the earth! He will utter His voice and the glory of the first earth shall be replenished. All darkness and evil will fade away and the resplendent glory of Messiah shall . . . "
"ENOUGH!" Tarkan shrieked out. "I do not need you to quote these predictions. I am aware of all of them!" 
Balaam, the disembodied spirit, was unmoved. However, it took Tarkan a moment to regain his composure. "What if I told you that there is good reason to believe that The Most High, as you refer to him, might be persuaded to change his mind, concerning all of this?"
"It will never happen." Balaam spoke again with no emotion whatsoever in his voice. 
"Since you seem to be well informed concerning these matters, perhaps you are also aware that a righteous king was predicted, and that from this king the bloodline would lead to Messiah?
"I am aware!"
"Many believe that David, the one who now sits upon the throne of Israel is that special, anointed king of which prophecy speaks! But we also know for a fact that your Most High God has grown very much disenchanted with the people of Israel of late. They forsook His cherished, anointed King and betrayed him as the King appointed by your God! They rebelled and the rebellion was very great!"
"We also have reason to believe that, because they have not repented or shown remorse, your God plans to punish them for this insidious act of treachery soon and that it is even possible that He may turn against Israel altogether. All that would be left for us to accomplish is to turn Him against this so-called 'righteous king' as well, and we will surely see the demise of Israel and, consequently, the end of Messiah!"
"That can never be." Balaam again intoned with no feelings whatsoever. 
"You may be wrong! For decades we have tried to turn this king against his God by cunning tricks and temptations but have failed. However, over the last few years, ever since the conspiracy and betrayal by his own son Absalom, Ha-Satan has made great inroads into his heart. There is unquestionably now a large and growing pride appearing there - we think partially stemming from resentments which we have instigated. We hope to use this to our own ends. 
“In other words, if we cannot turn this righteous king away from his God, perhaps we can turn his God away from him! It is well known that the One hates pride more than any other sin! If we could do this, the king would die, and the promise of Messiah would surely die with him!" At this a greedy, wicked laugher escaped the demon's mouth and he was forced to turn aside to contain it. 
"Why do you come here to tell me all of this? What is it that you wish me to do?"
"I tell you that your only hope for a future lies in the prospect that this man can be ruined and the plans for Messiah thwarted. Then, Ha-Satan assures us that the earth shall be forever given to him, at which time he intends to free all prisoners of these nether regions! In short, your only hope for a future, just like me, is in this design. You have nothing to lose and much to gain! Tell me then, will you return with me to the throne of the Dark Kingdom?"
Balaam thought on these things for a long while and was loath to align himself with the powers of darkness. But, at the end, he consented and he and Tarkan began their journey up out of the Blue Chasm.

Release from the Blue Chasm was something that Balaam had never believed would or could happen. As he and Tarkan slowly ascended the slopes of the abyss to finally arrive at Sheol he could feel the force begin to pull back on his spirit while he struggled to enter the Valley of Light. 
At that time Tarkan lifted his vile looking arms and hands and spoke an incantation followed by a supplication. "Great Lucifer, mighty ruler of the entire black kingdom, work your will upon the force that binds, and release the one known as Balaam son of Boer!" As quickly as the words were spoken, a chilling and icy wind began to blow from the depths of the Chasm, and, as it did so, Balaam felt the power of the abyss lose its hold upon him. At last he was free and he traveled back into the Sheol and then on into the light of day!
In a short while they arrived at the Towers of Dread at which time Balaam was taken before the tri-fundament, the ruling council and leading powers of those dark dwellings. There he would learn the details of his part in the evil scheme directed toward the King! 
Ha-Satan, Tarkan, and Raiba formed the tri-fundament. Ha-Satan was, of course, the power behind all things at Dread Towers. No other fallen angel had even one measure of his power by comparison. His power was superior from the beginning - even before the angelic rebellion and consequential fall. Ha-Satan had been the most glorious, as well as highest ranking, of all Cherubim. His beauty was greater than any other, and his position far above all the created inhabitants of the heavens. When he and the other Cherubim with him rebelled they were cast down to the earth and, as time went on, the nations were placed under his dominion. Here his authority was supreme and there was none who had power that even began to match his. He was truly the god of this world! 
One of the first things he did was to establish the tri-fundament, a mock trinity, which attempted to duplicate the trinity of the creator God. He was the highest in rank, of course. From that time forward they have ruled upon the earth!
Second in order and power, is Tarkan. His power is still very great, though, like all demons, he is losing it as time transpires. Tarkan has power to hurt both Cherubim and dark spirits alike. For one thing, he is one of the largest in size and body. His appearance is unquestionably the most frightful with the exception of the mighty Ha-Satan. He can cause some events to transpire among humans by manipulating other things and persons around them. He continues to have the power to impress thoughts upon the human mind, but these powers are now extremely weak. Greatly diminished is his ability to transform so that he cannot appear as human or anything whatsoever that has the least degree of loveliness, but only as manifestations of creatures as grotesque and disgusting as his original appearance. Wings can be manifested, but long ago they had become so extremely deformed and gnarled that they do him little good, and now he appears frightfully ridiculous in attempting to use them. Yet, with all that said, he remains a formidable foe! 
Raiba is different! His power lies in the fact that, unlike Tarkan, he can impress the human mind very powerfully. So powerfully that, at times, he is able to dictate directly to humans, and they, thinking that the thoughts are their own, comply most readily. Raiba was the most powerful angel of a race of Cherubim that could transfer from one place to another by only thinking it. They had that power. His entire race was, however, a part of the rebellion and they fell with Ha-Satan on the day he was cast out of the realm of true light. Many of his kind have lost the ability to transfer and, truly, the process is more difficult for Raiba than it was at one time, but, yet, he can still do so when required. He and his kind are still able to fly, for when they manifest wings they are broad and powerful and are able to carry them for great distances, and that very quickly. 
These, then, were the Supremes of the tri-fundament, before whom the Prophet would soon find himself standing! If Balaam had not already been to the depth of the Blue Chasm, the place to which he was now entering would most certainly have had a greater impact upon him. That is not to say that it was not harrowing, for, indeed, it was a most dreadful place. Located within the bowels of Dread Towers, it consisted mainly of a large, dimly lit catacomb-like hall, which, in all respects, had a ghastly and abhorrent appearance. He was escorted there by a large dispatch of black inferiors who served as guardians and keepers of the enormous and charnel-like antechamber itself. 
The hall was far too vast lengthwise, that is from end to end, for Balaam to comprehend its distance. However, the edge opposite to where he now stood was a different matter. With great effort Balaam could make out some images and figures so far away that it was difficult for him to determine what they were, yet he could see something there! The guardians, which were those kind still possessing the ability to fly, were forced to take Balaam up between them and carry him for a great while until he was placed down again much closer to the back wall of the great abode. 
Here, seated before him, was a most disturbing sight. As the Prophet looked before him, he saw two great, black thrones. One was toward the one end of the chamber, and the other toward the opposite. On the left throne sat Tarkan in all his ghastly appearance. On the right throne sat Raiba whose appearance might even be considered more gruesome than that of Tarkan. At the center, between them, was a deep, black, hidden recess with leaping, orange flames and thick, black, vaporous smoke ascending up out of it constantly. 
Balaam sought to determine if something was within or beyond the flames of the recess but he found the endeavor difficult. Yet, his sense of discernment told him there was an entity hidden in its cloudy depths! One for which his mind instantly formed and held the overwhelming conviction would present a most loathsome encounter should he be forced to face it! 
It was Tarkan that first lifted his twisted limb and motioned for Balaam to come nearer. The feelings of cold and agonizing dread only increased within Balaam's mind as he slowly shuffled up near the center of the thrones and looked deep into the black recess that separated them. Tarkan lifted his voice and cried out, "Oh mighty and everlasting god of the Dark Kingdom, hear me! The task to which my most esteemed and glorious Master appointed his humble servant is complete! I speak of Balaam, the Prophet! I have succeeded in locating and bringing this one back from the Blue Chasm. May it please you, my most venerated Supremacy, that he now stands before you!"
Tarkan's exalting presentation was followed by a great silence that lasted so long that Balaam truly wondered if there would come any reply at all from the black abyss. Suddenly, blasting up before Balaam, a great burst of vapor and burning gases erupted out of the depth of blackness like a vast geyser and filled the room with a miasmic haze! As it did so, arms of cracking lightning illuminated the black fog, allowing Balaam to see, for the briefest moment, the outline of a vague image seated upon a massive throne in the deepest reaches of the recess. The one seated upon the throne made Balaam's whole being tremble with pure and unequivocal dread!
"Excellent!" A voice like thunder spoke and, as it did so, it shook the great hall. Balaam crouched down near the floor. 
Tarkan again spoke, but now he directed his words to Balaam. "We have devised a plan that most certainly will turn the heart of the One against the King that rules Israel, this one called David! You must aid us in this scheme and, by so doing, earn yourself a place among the great spirits here in the underworld." It was a terse statement, and the beast seemed to wish to allow the Prophet a chance to speak. 
As Balaam slowly rose up he found that fear was paralyzing his ability to utter a single word. Yet, after several attempts he found the strength to whisper a slight response. "I . . . cannot help but wonder . . . if I may speak my truest thoughts, as I stand in the presence of such power, how one such as I could possibly be of significant assistance to your endeavor?" Balaam bowed himself low after speaking, quaking and trembling horribly even for a disembodied spirit.
It was Raiba, who was seated on his right that answered this. "We need someone to convince the King to number the ranks of his fighting forces. This is a thing so repudiated by the One that we are certain, provided our efforts prove successful in persuading the King to do this thing, it will turn the One against him forever. I am sure you are aware that this numbering of the ranks is an affair usually stemming from pride and lust for power, and reflects an independence from his God, a characteristic which, we believe, is beginning to develop within the heart of this King even as we speak. It is the one thing that the One hates vehemently! We hope to use it to our advantage!"
"A wise course, I am sure," Balaam replied, "but I, yet, do not understand how I might possibly hope to assist you in the matter. I have no means or manner whatsoever of even speaking with a personage upon the earth, much less persuading him in one direction or the other! Why do you not appear to him yourselves and so convince him to do this evil thing?"
"We do not possess the ability to appear as a convincing human to one as keen as David. He has the power to sense evil and always avoids it. However, one like yourself, known for your craftiness and guile, could very possibly accomplish this thing!” Tarkan expressed with a condescending tone. 
Raiba quickly took up the argument as well. "Is it not true that you persuaded all Israel to desecrate themselves by eating food offered to idols, and that you led them into whoredom as well?"
Balaam groaned! "You know it is true, for it was your kind that placed the evil intention into my own heart, a thing that cost me my soul for eternity, though I am aware it was I that made the choice!"
Raiba threw his ugly head back and laughed a long and guttural laugh with little effort to refrain. It took him some time to regain himself and then he continued his persuasions. "What matters is that you have a keen mind for these sorts of matters, and great powers of influence with your own kind, and we intend that you should use it for the progress of the Dark Kingdom. Tarkan has already informed you of the fact that our hope is your hope, and our success is your success. Surely you cannot deny that! Therefore, I ask you. Do you agree to help us?"
Balaam, who was presently suffering an overwhelming sense of misery and dejection, was posed before them holding his own head in his hands, and it was some time before he spoke. The voice that now rose up out of the wretched spirit reflected a tone of great desperation, for he truly did not wish to be a part of this most abhorrent deed. "It is not possible for me to go to the King. The body that I once had must have decayed centuries ago and I have no way of manifesting myself before him. I have no body in which to appear before him! Therefore, none of this is possible! Why do you inquire of such things concerning my own person? You surely know that these things cannot be!"
At that point a second great eruption burst forth and rose up out of the recesses before him. This time great flames leapt out as well, accompanied with lightning and smoke. At the same time a sinister, gurgling, grating voice, rattling and shaking the whole of the underworld, began to speak. "Do you not know," Ha-Satan thundered, "that I am Lucifer and am as Morning Star. I have all power. I am the Dawn and the Light Bringer!" He roared and Balaam again slumped down toward the floor. The voice was not plain though Balaam did understand each word. Yet the voice sounded like the rumbling of thunder and it quivered as if carried on a great stormy wind. Its haunting and supernatural tones made the spirit shudder with near spasms, so great was the horror he felt at hearing it. 
"I am the one that dwelt among the stones of fire, the stars of the heavens. I set them all in motion! It was the power that He committed to me alone in the beginning. I began the movement of light and so began the passage of time in this realm. Ooooooooo, I had such power!" Deep groans ascended up out of the pit as he paused, but soon he continued. "It is still in my power to manipulate time, and I do so when it pleases me. I can distort, bend, or rearrange time as I wish. I created it! I CREATED IT! Do you not know this? I am Lucifer, the Dawn, the Light Bringer, I am as the MORNING STAR!" 
His roaring was so powerful that the entire Towers themselves quaked as he spoke. Balaam feared exceedingly! At his words even Tarkan and Raiba cowed down and covered their heads, waiting with dread for his outburst to end.
Again, it was some time before the Prophet could speak. After a very long while he summoned the courage and lifted his voice. "Do you mean you can take me back to ages past? If so, I yet lack an understanding of how it will aid you in the present!"
Raiba answered him. "Our god can bypass time itself and take you back to the period when you still occupied your body. He can then place you for a brief moment of time anywhere in the scheme of existence which he might wish, even into the future! When he does this, you will speak to the King and persuade him to number the men of Israel!" 
Out of the bowels of the deep, a wailing howl commenced to rise up and quickly increased in its fearsome strength. It was, without question, the great Lucifer's way of threatening the trembling spirit now standing before him. At the end, as the Towers of Dread shook mightily and lightning and thunder rose up like a storm out of the pit, Balaam, the Prophet of old, consented! 
"There is one more problem, O mighty Father of all wickedness and evil," Tarkan spoke into the blackened recess, "What shall we do with that execrable creature who continues to thwart our plans, known as Nathan, the King's Prophet of Bethel? He will surely intervene no matter what precautions we take!"
At these words Ha-Satan roared again and shook the earth once more before uttering his reply. So shrouded in mystical and diabolical tones was the voice that Balaam could hardly understand its meaning. Yet Tarkan and Raiba understood him well. “Curses upon the Prophet of Bethel! I hold him in my open hand. I will crush him and scatter his ashes to the four winds. He is less than a speck and soon he will trouble me no more!"
**********
In the late days of summer there was a man who appeared at the gates of Ramah performing miracles. 
Even though the days were still warm he wore his robe pulled up closely and its loose, nether trappings reached nearly to the earth. It was as black as purest coal and possessed a separate but matching mantle that fell down over his shoulders and reached his wrists. A hood of thick wool covered a large part of his face, and what little could be seen was shaded and elusive. He had no beard. When the man spoke, his voice was as soft as a dove, smooth and enchanting. The people in these regions were quickly drawn to him. 
In Damascus he was known as Matriaca, the Wizard, but here commonly, he gave himself to be called The Prophet and nothing more. "I am The Prophet," his soft, beguiling voice would resound when asked who he was. The man was secretive, in some ways enchanting, and careful to evade questions concerning his origins. 
Twice he called fire out of the heavens, and once he caused the waters of Jordan to run backward from mid-afternoon until sunset! Further, he opened the ears of one child that had suffered deafness and, at Geba, he made a table of magnificent food appear, seemingly, out of thin air! 
There have been kind and helpful wizards as long as man has existed who heal with herbs and, in their care for the needy, have sometimes performed mysterious deeds. Matriaca was not one of them. His motives were evil and this would be seen plainly enough in time. Carefully he wove his web, waiting to speak until the hearts of Israel had been gained and the time was right. 
As summer ran into fall large gatherings came out to meet him. At Shiloh and Geba he spoke. All about the countryside of Jerusalem he prophesied. "I see the sun over Israel covered with blood and it drips down, falling upon the earth! Misery spreads itself as clouds over the mountains, and woe is like the carefully laid net that ensnares the sparrow.” 
"Weeping is decreed!" he cried out with a loud and impassioned voice to an excessively large crowd at Tekoa, "In Israel they will surely drink the dregs of sorrow from the cup of God's vengeance, for their sin and for the iniquities of their King! Turn away from your wrongdoings and the Lord God will turn back to you and heal your land and spare you. But, if you continue to do evil in the sight of the Lord, His retribution shall be poured down upon you swiftly!"
This message he spoke day after day, and, yet, the new Prophet was long in pronouncing the exact sin of which Israel was guilty. But at Mazpah, at last, he spoke plainly. There many had come out of Israel to hear him. "For what reason does your King amass storehouses of gold and heaps of silver? His barns are filled with bronze taken from the nations. Cedars are piled up to the heavens and he has gathered up stones too numerous to count! To build a temple to God . . . he insists! But, I tell you, he will build a monument to David which he believes will last forever!” 
"How careful your King is that no graven image is set before him, yet, daily he indulges his plans for a temple in which the whisper of his name will echo down its corridors throughout the ages of time. And has not all of Israel followed after him?" 
"Stand still and I will tell you the word of the Lord! The word of the Lord that came to Matriaca, His servant. Cease building this blasphemous and profane monument to your King! For the God of Israel is content to dwell in the tabernacle of Moses! Do not commit this corrupt deed and save yourselves and your children!"
And thus, Matriaca, the Prophet, with lies and deception, led the people astray. In those same days Azarias, son of Nathan, was in study with the Masters at Ramah, and he heard the warnings of Matriaca. When he heard his words and saw his deeds his heart was turned and he was quickly gained by the Prophet. Yet, he remained silent of the matter in the presence of his father.
The oldest son of Nathan was often at attendance when the Prophet spoke. It was at such a gathering that Matriaca first laid his eyes upon Azarias, and a voice spoke within him, "Take this one unto you, for his allegiance will surely be of great value!"
In those days Azarias would often miss attendance of his studies at Ramah at which time he would seek out the Prophet and listen to his words. Soon he became a student to Matriaca and spent much time in his company. And, at that time, his heart was turned away from Nathan, his father! 
**********
Eight years had passed since the great rebellion and, yet, David grieved in his heart for the loss of his son, Absalom. Seldom did a day slip by but what one image or another would fill his mind with its crushing memories, mostly those that reflected his son’s younger years. What grand days those had been! Now they seemed so far away. 
Yet, he had moved on, and Israel had only continued to prosper. David's exploits in war had truly given him a name of renown. After the rebellion he utterly subdued the Philistines and drove his own sword through the heart of Charmaca at the battle of the Valley of Rephaim. He conquered Moab, and the Aramean Kingdom was subjected to his rule as well. The Ammonites fell under his dominion in these same years. 
And David became famous after he returned from striking down eighteen thousand Edomites, in the Valley of Salt. He put garrisons throughout Edom and all the Edomites became subject to him. The plunder from all of these nations was immense and he gathered it together in preparations for the Temple, for the desire to build a house for God was the great object of his heart! 
In those days the Lord gave David victory wherever he went. But all the victories in the world could not return his son to him, and he often felt the fact keenly. Pain of the heart is a thing hard to alleviate, and often it tears at the deepest fabric of one's being, leaving its deep scars of havoc and devastation which, in turn, threaten to cripple the soul! Those sad days lived on in the King's mind. It seemed hard to lay them truly to rest. It was true that God had pronounced judgment upon him and even foretold the day that one of his own house would betray him. But neither God nor his Prophet had ever mentioned that his dearest son would die on that day. Sometimes the thought ate away at David's heart! 
There was also the fact that nearly all of Israel had forsaken him and run hard after Absalom, even knowing that it meant David would have to die! Often David struggled with the bitterness of it, and, on this morning, it seemed to overwhelm him. Yet, he loved Israel and would have willingly laid down his life for the people!
Today he walked in silence to the Tomb of Absalom, wishing to spend a few moments alone there, intending to remember only the good memories and blot out the bad. He entered the chamber reverently and sat down to meditate though his frame of mind was somewhat melancholy. Searching questions invaded his heart. What makes a son turn against his own father? Had he neglected Absalom's mother, who was a foreigner, and caused the boy resentment? Had he been too aloof or demanding? His mind was filled with only questions, and, at last, he bowed and kissed the stone above the place where Absalom lay. He prayed a brief prayer and then stood, preparing to go. However, it seemed more difficult to leave him alone here this morning, and David's heart grew dispirited. For a moment he could almost see the form of his son standing in the dim light and the King was forced to turn away and move toward the entryway of the chamber. As he did so, he glanced back for just a moment and whispered, "Though you betrayed me, Absalom, I will always love you!” With that he headed out the doorway quickly, for, as always, whether agreeable or not, there were pressing matters to attend to. 
It was a cool morning and the light of day had only just broken in upon the surrounding landscapes. David had now reentered the garden after stepping out of the sepulture and was headed back to the palace. As he did so he was met by an older man who leaned heavily upon his cane. Long, grey hair fell down over his back. A dusty, brown cloak covered his body and he wore a deep red shawl over his shoulders and back. His beard was long and his eyes were deep set.
Though he thought him strangely dressed for it, David dismissed him as being one of the many gardeners, and spoke politely as he passed. Yet, the King had only taken a few more steps when he heard the voice of the man speak again. "I think the Lord God must surely esteem a resolute heart!"
David turned about and saw that there was no one else present besides himself and the older man, and, realized that he must be speaking to him. After taking a step back in the man's direction he paused a moment before rejoining. He did this in order to sum up what sort of man would speak thus to him. At once he saw what he perceived to be a kindly older man and, therefore, fixed his mind upon an appropriate reply. "As there is no one else here to which you can be addressing yourself, I assume you speak to me."
"Only admiring your fortitude, Sire!” The man spoke and moved a step closer so that the two of them were nearly at arms reach. He then bowed to honor the King.
"You are very kind, but I wonder what makes you speak of my fortitude and what would you truly know of it.?"
The older man was quick to reply. "I know that it has weathered some of life's harshest storms and continues to do so. I know also that your heart is steadfast to resist the pain, and rather seeks to find and diligently hold onto that which is good! You do so with the quiet nobleness of a true king, my Lord!"
David smiled ever so slightly at the words. "And I know when I am being flattered! Tell me, sir, do you have a petition for the King? Let me hear it quickly for I truly have pressing business to attend to at the palace!"
"No petition, Sire. Only desire to pay respect to the living and give honor to the honor-worthy!” With that, Balaam moved up close to the King and looked thoughtfully into his eyes. "Sometimes the answer for the pain we so keenly feel is to reach out and take hold of life with new inspiration. To lift up the hands that hang low, and engage the spirit in noble and lofty deeds."
"You, Sire, have done so much for our nation! When the threats of our enemies loomed over us from every side, your mighty sword delivered us and brought us into a new place and set our feet well under us! Your rule has been as the dews of Horeb, settling down softly upon our land. You alone have brought to us peace and our land rejoices with the bounty of your victories. Israel is indebted to you for its very life and existence!" 
Probably any other day David would not have even heard the most part of what the man was saying. But, today, for just a moment, his words were like a balm to the King's fretting and dispirited heart. "You are truly kind, sir. May the God of our father's bless you for your words. They do not fall upon ungrateful ears. May God bless you and repay you!"
Suddenly the man's face turned deeply earnest and he lifted his hand and pointed a finger at the King. "Hear my words, Sire! May a lion sit upon the throne of Israel! Know your strength and let the enemies of Israel know it as well. Show yourself strong in all regards so that your people may have abiding rest! Do not let our enemies snatch away a victory so diligently achieved! Do not stop now! Take hold of it with your whole heart. Let the enemies of Israel see your power. Number your ranks and proclaim their greatness to all nations! Let the fear of King David fall heavily upon the hearts of all our enemies as the hammer falls upon the anvil, crushing to very dust those that resist and defy our King!"
David was silent for a moment as he absorbed the man's passionate speech. The words seemed right and David was deeply affected by them. And, yet, within his heart, he felt a great deal of reserve, particularly at the thought of counting his army. "Far be it from me to count the people and therefore offend the Lord God, the sole protector of Israel and the one in whom we trust!"
To this the Prophet quickly replied. "To trust is a noble thing, Sire, but I wonder if, in this case, it does not preclude wisdom. A man may trust God in the darkness, but if he has a candle will he not light it? Is it an unwise thing that the nations should fear and tremble before David?"
For a moment the King was at a loss for words. It was his unswerving custom to give great preference to those seasoned by many years upon this earth and he did not wish to show disrespect for the man's judgment. Besides, there was much truth in what he was saying. Carefully he gave his answer. "It would not be unwise, my friend, but it will be enough for me if the nations learn to fear God!" 
The man seemed to relax his expression at David's reply. "Well, at least consider my words, though, truly, they may be only the ramblings of a tired and old fool! Nonetheless, I am always convinced of this one thing. Our King will do that which is truly best for the nation!” The old man then turned and looked in the direction of the palace and smiled. "Now I must let you go. I do understand how busy you are. Please forgive me if I have burdened you. May the Lord God double His poured out blessing upon your house!" 
With that the man, after placing his hand affectionately upon the arm of the King for just a moment, stepped past him and went slowly on his way.
All of this had taken place in the briefest of moments and the exchange seemed truly insignificant. However, the thought, the single idea of counting the people would be like a seed growing into a tree within the heart of the King. 
Nor was David aware that there was a third presence with them that morning. The evil and black Raiba was there and, seeing that the idea was already in deliberation, he had begun to fan the suggestion with great vehemence and would do so until it rose up to consume the King's heart!
**********
The wizard, Matriaca, had found permanent lodging at the house of Abijah, the aged son of Samuel of Ramah. Indeed, it was the house that had once belonged to the revered Prophet, Samuel, Matriaca was given a large room on the lowest level which was partly installed into the hillside. 
Abijah was an influential follower of the Prophet and was very successful at drawing others to him as well. Abijah detested the King and believed that the nation had committed a great evil in turning away from having judges as their sole rulers! The house of Samuel now belonged to Abijah and it was common for him to let out some of its nicer rooms. 
It was here that, upon rare occasions, Matriaca would receive persons of high standing among the citizens for the purpose of convincing them, with clever and devious words, of his own sentiments regarding the evils of constructing a temple at Jerusalem. Furthermore, it was from such that he enjoyed the acquiescence of many a lavish gift, the benefits of which were the real reason for his coming to Israel
Nevertheless, Azarias, having these things hidden from his understanding, considered it a high privilege when he was, himself, invited to have converse with the Prophet.
The heavy wooden door was quietly shut behind Azarias by the hand of a rather feeble-appearing servant, the same that gave him admittance to the house where Matriaca now lived. As he first entered the room the young man was forced to allow his eyes to adjust for some time because what little light was provided was extremely dampened. Two small but high windows at the far end were almost completely draped and, besides that, only one wick in a small bowl of oil was lit to illuminate the room. 
As the youth slowly regained his vision, he saw at once that the space was lavishly decorated with exquisite and costly furnishings. There were tables and side stands of finely crafted imported wood, some of which were overlaid with ivory. A few had elaborately designed edges made of what appeared to be pearls. Deep seating benches of thin but carefully etched stone were stacked heavily with rich-colored pillows of silks and refined wool. They all looked fit for a king's palace! Ornamented lamps of gold and silver were spaced unsparingly around the room, though, at present, none had candles burning. 
Most appealing was the deep carpets of plush weave, all having diverse and ornate design that covered the room from one side to another. Stones that had been polished to an exquisite luster made up the larger part of the walls. The ceiling hung low. Sections of the elegant living area were set off by partitions of hanging bamboo as well as strung pieces of wood, delicately carved, or heavy and decidedly beautiful, richly-colored drapes. The boy stood examining it all, looking rather amazed. 
"Azarias," came the smooth sounding voice of Matriaca from the distant end of the room. "Come be seated with me!" 
With all the richness exhibited in the room the young man was cautious as he slowly made his way, proceeding in the direction of the voice. When he had crossed the length of the room, he heard the soft voice repeated near his left side. "Here! Come, take a place with me!"
Azarias turned his head to see Matriaca seated on a rather large cushion near the corner of the room. This cushion was placed on a smaller carpet of opulent beauty, lavishly dyed in deep reds and blues, which had a great deal of design woven into it. Around him were several brass bowls of burning incense. The Prophet sat there with his legs folded into himself, and his arms resting on them. There were several large and colorful clay bowls filled with figs and grapes and other desirable fruits sitting to one side. A large platter had a dozen or so small cakes placed on it, and there were several loaves of partly cut bread situated upon a second tray nearby. The spread of the lush carpet afforded another cushion opposite the one that Matriaca sat upon, and he was gesturing with his open hand that Azarias be seated there. 
Carefully, the young man complied. For the first time Azarias saw the man without his hood pulled closely around his head. His face was unique to the youth and possessed a look that he was not particularly familiar with. Its shape was somewhat long as was his nose. Dark, extremely short hair covered his head, and his skin was really quite pale. Overall, Azarias decided, his appearance was, in its own strange way, appealing. 
"I am glad you have come to me, Azarias. I have much that I wish to say to you." The man spoke softly and, as always, his words had that peculiar, raspy edge to them, but not so much so as to make them unpleasant.
"I am honored that you would invite me, sir. It is a privilege I was not expecting.” The handsome youth smiled as he nodded his head ever so slightly. 
Matriaca poured him a large cup of grape and pomegranate juice and gave him bread. They ate together for some time, talking only of insignificant events. "May I ask where your home is, then, Matriaca?” Azarias questioned. 
"I come from a small village in Lebanon. You would not know of it. I grew up there herding my father's sheep and working his barley in both the field and threshing floors. My parents, however, died while I was still rather young and, since then, I have made my own way in the world." 
"It is true that I am not of Israel, as many have noted, but I am, nonetheless, a Prophet of God, for he does not choose his Prophets by their birthplace! Besides, I think the miracles that He performs through my hands speak for themselves."
"That is certainly so and I believe you truly are God's servant, but I know that many wonder at much that you say, for sometimes your words oppose the ideas that many have believed forever in Israel.” Azarias said this and then sat his cup down gently, for he discerned that the tone of the conversation was changing. Carefully he added a few more words to that which he had just spoken. "Please, do not be offended at my words. I only wish to understand your beliefs on these matters more clearly. The temple has been a desire our people have had for many years now. I sometimes do not understand why the Lord God would send you to speak against it. And it is hard for many of us to believe that our King wishes to have it as a monument to his own memory or honor as you say! He is not like that! Yet, I see all the marvels that you perform and I know that only one sent from God, could do these things!” After speaking thus Azarias halted and lifted his cup, taking another small sip, and listened for Matriaca's reply. 
"Well, first of all, Azarias, you do not offend me by asking such questions. It is a sensible thing to seek out the reasons for my claims and postulations. I would not expect you or anyone else to follow me blindly. However, as surely as I sit here and as surely as I am a Prophet of the Lord God, I have seen in visions and dreams that the King will soon commit an evil act against both the Lord God and the people of Israel, and, at that time, his true nature will show itself. And the people will see him for his true self!” Matriaca was quiet for some time after this statement, for he knew Azarias was resisting it greatly. 
"Can you tell me what sort of evil act it will be?" Azarias questioned with a rather alarmed tone to his voice.
"It is not for me to disclose the nature of this thing now, but when it comes to pass you will understand that only a true Prophet could have known it before hand, and this will assure you that my message is true."
"It is so hard for me to believe that our King would ever do anything evil. His whole life has been served in devotion to the purposes of the Lord God of Israel!" A look of dismay had come over the youth as he spoke, and his face reflected that his heart was rejecting these words against the King. 
"You seem disturbed, Azarias. I do not wish to confuse or upset you. But, I must say that, in the days to come, the thing that I speak of will surely come to pass. Believe me, I do not wish to vilify your King. I only speak that which I must! And, let me say this as well, Azarias. Concerning the temple, as I have been saying in the open now these many days, if Israel should dismiss my words and build the temple it will bring great calamity upon Israel, a thing which distresses me greatly. Truly, it is utterly unbearable for me to think upon! That is why I say these things." 
"Nonetheless, I do understand your concern and hesitations. All I can say is wait for God and if He chooses to reveal the heart of David, then you can know that what I am saying is true. I ask no more than that."
Matriaca was discerning enough to know it was time to change the subject, which he did. Soon the mood turned much more pleasant. Before the afternoon was over the two of them conversed nearly as if they had known each other for years. Matriaca was very skilled in winning people's hearts over to himself, and it appeared that his efforts would not be lost on the son of Bethel's Prophet! 
At last Azarias took his leave, but as he traveled back to his home in Bethel it was not without a great deal of confusion in his own heart!
**********
On the surface of things Israel was presently enjoying some of its most prosperous days. In nearly thirty years of rule, David had advanced his nation tremendously, and that was true in many respects. A sense of lasting peace had developed in the land and whereas Israel had, for so many years, fought for its very existence, it now flourished and enjoyed a degree of stability that it had previously never known. 
But God had not forgotten the days of Absalom and the treachery that had taken place therein. While He had suffered long in giving His people time to repent, for the most part, it was lost upon them. It was as if, in the minds and hearts of the people, they had committed no wrong. Nor did the priests admonish the people for the heinous crimes of that day. There was no national posture of remorse or regret. Surely the heavens should have hung black with sackcloth! The blood of sacrifice should have run down like rivers from the altars of Israel! All things should have ceased, and men should have bowed themselves everywhere in contrition and supplication for the mercy of a gentle God, but it was not so. Shall a people flaunt their evils in the face of the God who had blessed them so exceedingly and He not require it of them? 
Nor was it the King's place to speak of these matters, for the sins committed were committed against he, himself! Horrific evils had been waged in Israel some few years before and it was as if the thing, altogether, had been purged from remembrance. 
But the Lord God did not forget! He who rules the heavens and earth and searches the hearts of men demanding justness and goodness as He is just and good would not permit an unrepentant nation to go unchecked! David was His anointed servant, raised up by His own arm and established for the sake of Israel! By him God had opened the windows of heaven and poured out such an abundance of blessing that even the nations about them looked on with envy! But on that day all twelve sons of Jacob, without duress or coercion, had run with willing heart to join themselves to the cause of evil! How grievous that the shepherd, whose zealousness burned endlessly for the goodness of his people, who had ruled with a just heart and given himself tirelessly to their cause, should be turned upon by the very lambs that he had, as it were, carried in his own arms! 
Not even the hand of God could expunge that which was now written forever upon the pages of time, that a good King, appointed and raised up by God Himself, had been forced to flee for his life as a deer eludes the hunter - not from his enemies but from his own people! Let this one verity forever ring out, God knew the heart of His servant David! 
Nor did it escape the eye of the God of heaven that the King had grown somewhat cold in spirit. He who weighs the deeds of men's hearts and separates the right and wrong deeper than a man can see for himself understood the heart of the King! Because of this, the very thing which He now ordained, He would hide from David himself. It seemed meet that God should use the wayward propensities that now shifted about in the heart of the King to bring judgment on a people whose wicked acts had been toward that very one himself! 
And in all of this, the great Lucifer was only a pawn, a servant in chains, doing that which God bid and thinking, all the while, that he fulfilled his own abominable ends. The mind and soul of Satan lie in the hand of Almighty God, and he turns them whithersoever He desires! 
So, David would count the people, and, even so, God regretted that his heart had been overcast with the shadows of indifference. But, in this case it would serve the purposes of the eternal God who, alone, sees clearly, the ends from the beginnings! Nor would God permit judgment to come upon the house of David as he had when the King committed sin with Bathsheba. Indeed, the blessings upon his house would remain unbroken! 
Yet, in the days to come, few would ask, or even ponder the matter. Would God, who is just, devour with the terrors of death his own people because David, the King, grew cold and made a count of the people? What justice would that reflect? And would He then turn and dismiss the treachery and rebellion of a whole nation on the day of Absalom's insurgency, certainly an evil of so much greater magnitude, as if it were an insignificant page in a long forgotten book? Rest assured, it would not be thus!
And so, the heart of God was moved against Israel and, before His face, came up again the day of Absalom and the day of . . . The Rebellion!
**********
While making his way down the corridor to the east chambers, where David most often joined with his officials in the morning hours, Nathan met Joab as he was leaving. The man's face was red and set as hard as flint and he refused to speak or even acknowledge the Prophet's passing. Nathan thought it strange. While the Prophet did not care for the man personally, he viewed him as the sword of the Lord against David's enemies and had always been cordial when meeting him. 
Nathan passed on down the hall where a servant, after speaking with the King, gave him admittance. The Prophet saw at once that David had been upset, but it seemed that, after seeing who it was that now greeted him, he returned to his usual and personable self. "Nathan, I cannot tell you how good it is to see you. Do you know it has been well over a year since I last laid eyes on you? Must I bring the courts of Jerusalem down to Bethel, just to see my dearest friend?"
"I do truly regret being away so long, Sire! I have been obliged to investigate the north country much longer than I expected, but things are better there now, and I am hoping not to have to return."
"That's good news, Nathan! Truly I have missed you, and I mean that sincerely. Sometimes I feel like you're the only real friend I have left in Israel."
"That is not true, Sire. There are many that would lay down their lives for you, and you know that to be a fact!" 
"There he is, at it again, calling me Sire!" David muttered mostly to himself with a smile. Nathan, you are like a rock to me but some of your bad habits are just as tenacious as your good ones!” As David spoke, he reached out and gripped the back of the Prophet's hand affectionately, and then continued. "I know what you say is true and I thank God for them, but no one's visits warm my heart like yours, and I say that with all sincerity, my friend!"
"You're kind, Sire. I hope you know I feel the same. And I, too, regret that the times make it difficult to see each other as often as I would like. Your friendship is now, and always will be, dear to me!"
David's smile was warm and true and between the two of them there was no pretentiousness or falseness, but rather an affection stronger than that of brothers! The years had only deepened it!
"I am sure you are here to admonish me about counting the military?" David inquired, his face returning to a more serious frame. 
Nathan was instantly taken back! So much so that he was forced to turn aside and allow his mind to digest the King's statement for some time before responding. "So this is what Joab was upset about?” Nathan finally replied, looking back over his shoulder at the King" Oh! I take it you met him on his way out?"
"I did, my lord! I could tell he was, well . . . troubled!"
"And what is your opinion, Nathan, and please speak freely?" David asked with an earnest tone. 
Nathan was again slow to reply. He had learned that much in life and learned it well. Yet he could not prevent the words that he now spoke.
"Sire, it is never a good thing to count the people!"
"But, why do you say so? Is it not good that our enemies should comprehend what awaits them should they ever wish to do us mischief?"
"It may be so, Sire, but I believe that it is a tactic better left to other nations, those that do not count upon the Lord for salvation from their enemies! If a nation comes upon us, let them find out then the fury of the God who has pledged Himself to be a hedge of mountains and a circle of fire about us!"
"But perhaps if they know our strength beforehand, they will not come up in the first place!"
Nathan turned away and went and stood at the window, looking out. As David looked, he could see the signs of age beginning to leave their faint traces upon the features of his friend. The Prophet's hair, like his own, had grown quite grey, and his face bore the marks of the years, but David loved him even more for it. Nathan had always stood beside him. If he disagreed now, the King knew it was because he felt it best to do so. 
"I . . . I can only say it again, Sire, it is never a good thing to count the people. I wish you would reconsider." 
"I have already commissioned the work. But I do respect your opinion, and you have not turned my heart away because you speak what you believe is best to my face. Please never stop doing so!"
Then David quickly moved toward Nathan and his expression changed to one of pleasantness. Plainly he wished to change the subject. "Now, what brings you to Jerusalem, Nathan? And tell me about this last year. And how is Kezmin?"
"Indeed, Sire, she is still the star that guides me and she grows more gracious every day to me!" Nathan spoke the words warmly and a slight irrepressible smile stole its way over his face.
"You're a blessed man Nathan. I hear that Azarias is studying with the masters of Ramah! By the way, what do you think of the Prophet who speaks against me at Ramah? They say he performs miracles!"

For a long while the two talked and brought one another up on the affairs of their personal lives. As David had said, there was no one among all of his subjects and officials that he loved so much as Nathan and speaking with him thus was extremely refreshing to his mind and heart! 
At last, however, Nathan took his leave for he had other important business to take care of as well in Jerusalem. 
The Prophet's heart was heavy the next day as he rode the long miles back up to Bethel. He felt deeply that what David was doing was not just wrong, it was exceedingly wrong! But what could he say? He had received no word from the Lord. He had no foundation for his argument. Not really! These were things for which there were not written laws, yet even the common people of Israel knew that it was an undesirable path for a leader to take. And why had God not revealed this thing to him, so that he could have spoken a rebuke from Him? 
Other things troubled the Prophet about it as well. The people would regard it as an obnoxious deed and many would turn away from him. And even those that loved the King, those that were the righteous, would wonder concerning the motives of their leader. It was all black and undesirable and the more Nathan pondered it all, the more disturbed he became. 
And, above all of that, Nathan saw something in the eyes of David and heard some indefinable something in his voice that he had never before witnessed. Really, it was unmistakable. There was a sense of independence that had never before shadowed the King's words. It bordered on pride and Nathan's heart felt sick! He was more disturbed this day than he had been in many years. As he rode on slowly and pondered, his feelings concerning the matter only grew darker!
**********
As instructed by the King, Joab began the great task of counting the people, that is, the men of war. He began his task in the early fall, went on through winter and would complete it in the last days of spring. 
Azarias heard of it in the middle days of winter though his father had tried to keep it from him. In the young man's mind, all things in Israel were changing and his heart strove to understand why.
**********
"You are up and ready to go so early again this morning, Azarias. It seems like we hardly see you around here anymore!” Kezmin said with a partial smile as she looked at her eldest son with almost a questioning expression in her eyes. 
"Yes, as I told you Mother, the studies are difficult and I desire to arrive early and be prepared! I will be with you and Father tonight, I promise! I am sorry I have missed our evening meals so often lately. I will try to prevent its happening so often!"
Kezmin moved closer to her son and looked at him as only a mother can, and spoke, "Something troubles you, Azarias. I can see it more every day. You are not yourself. Perhaps if we could talk . . ."
"Mother, I told you I am fine.” Azarias responded with the slightest bit of irritation in his voice. Then, he thought better of his tone, and his shoulders dropped as he added, "I'm sorry, Mother. I meant no disrespect. But why do you and Father still treat me as a child? I am a grown man now and I wish you to see that!"
"We do see it, Azarias. We are both very proud of you. You have grown up to be such a handsome young man and very smart too," Kezmin added with a smile, "but we have been around a bit longer than you and only wish to be there to help guide you. It is our place to do so!"
"Well, Father can be wrong about some things, Mother. He thinks he cannot be . . . but he can. I know he's a Prophet of the Lord God and that is a sacred thing which I respect very much, but it still doesn't mean that he is infallible!” Azarias was looking down at the floor as he spoke but his words were forceful as if they were bursting forth after having been pent up for a long while.
Kezmin was somewhat taken back at his outburst and, understandably, a little alarmed. "Azarias! What has brought this on? You have never spoken like that of your father, not once in your life! The two of you have always been so close!" She paused to walk around to his far side and stood close by his shoulder and continued. "Yes, he can be wrong and he knows it better than you or I ever will! You hardly know your father in this regard. He may not show it in front of you but he frets and worries often about decisions he has made and choices that he must live with! No man questions himself more than your father. And even his greatest deeds, things which God spoke to him about, and called upon him to carry out, he questions as to whether or not he handled them properly. He is my husband and, yet, there is a part of him that remains a mystery even to me. God chooses his Prophets - not men, not me, not you. Do you not think that it would be a simple wisdom on our part to walk carefully around these things?"
"It may be so, Mother, but what if great issues and their proper outcome hang upon Father's convictions! He once told me himself how he misinterpreted one of his first great visions concerning Gilboa, and spoke things that he should not have spoken! Has it ever crossed your mind that he might be mistaken about other things?” Azarias's tone was becoming slightly elevated as he shot the words back at his mother rather forcibly!
"Your father was not wrong about Gilboa, though he may have handled it wrong! He was young and inexperienced. He was not the son of a Prophet, nor did he grow up around other seers as so many of those of his calling do. God chose him in isolation! His father was a warrior and wished for him to be likewise, and he had little guidance. But it was the hand of God Himself that laid the mantle upon his shoulders. How often he has spoken that which only God could have given him and performed deeds that only a man of God could perform! And whether you are aware of it or not, he has power with God that, even to me, seems nearly frightening!" 
"But what concerns me more, Azarias, is why you are suddenly questioning all of this. Where is this coming from?" And Kezmin looked at her son with a puzzled expression, listening for an explanation.
Nevertheless, Azarias was silent and looked hard at the floor. Then, the thing occurred to Kezmin! As she stood looking at the boy who it seemed only a short time ago she had cradled in her bosom and rocked to sleep at night, her heart began to feel deep and strange pangs of grief! "The King's numbering of the people! He counts his army, and your father does not rebuke him, and it troubles you!" 
"The King counts his army so that he can boast of it to the world, and he builds himself a glorious monument to preserve his own name and calls it a temple to the Lord God! And in the end he will bring down the retribution of God upon the whole of our nation and Father, the only one that has the power to divert it, does what? He does nothing!" Azarias now spoke hotly and his hands were upon his hips. His speech was saturated with a bitter anger and, after speaking, he quickly turned his back to his mother as if to resist any rebuke that his words might incur!
Kezmin grew calm and slowly walked around to face her son, at which point, she reached out her hand and lifted his face up until he was looking her again in the eyes. She spoke gently. "Two nights ago I awoke and your father was not beside me. I arose and went out to the portico, for sometimes when he cannot sleep he will go there to gaze into the skies when the heavens are full of stars. However, when I looked in this night, I saw him prostrate upon the earth, and there he wept for the King and interceded for him with a passion that I have never heard.” 
"Azarias you cannot begin to understand the King and your father. Their love for one another, it is like the roots of the greatest oak, deep and unmovable! In their years they have both seen Israel threatened on so many fronts! Times when only God could save her! Your father has seen the King fall on his knees even before the people or even in battle and call upon the name of the Lord God to plainly receive his unfailing help! Never has there been a leader, or a judge, or a king like our King! His resolve and steadfastness toward God has been the distinction of his reign! Your father is greatly troubled by the King's counting of the people but he is handling it the way he thinks is right!"
"Yes, Mother, the way he thinks is right. The King is his friend so he says nothing! And Matriaca, the Prophet, says that we are all going to pay for it!” Again Azarias, who had turned once more, aside from his Mother, spoke with heated words. 
"So that's it. You have been listening to the so-called Prophet of Ramah! Your father warned you about that man! He is not true!"
"How do you know he is not true, Mother? Because his predictions do not fall in line with Father's? I believe him! I believe he is a great Prophet and that he is trying to save Israel from a great calamity! Why can't Father see that? What the King is doing is evil!"
"Azarias, I am telling you, please be careful with this man from Ramah! He is a false prophet and I promise you that, in time that will show itself!"
"He is not a false prophet, Mother! He is a good man that has the welfare of our people in heart! Why do you persecute him, and on what evidence do you accuse him of being a false prophet?"
"Because I have seen where man's imagination can take him. They imagine that they are good when they are bad, learned when they are deplete and humble when they are, indeed, proud! The young think they know things that it is impossible for them to know! The foolish man has learned a parable and believes himself a sage and the simple one utters a precept and wants the world to follow him!"
"So, am I the simple one now, Mother? Well, perhaps not so simple when our nation has been reduced to rubble and ashes, and nothing remains but the haunting words of the Prophet of Ramah as they echo about the ruins of Israel! Then who will be imagining things that are not true?"
Azarias had now ceased to hide his anger as the words burst out of him vehemently. When he was finished he turned and fled out the door, leaving Kezmin standing there looking out as he departed, her heart heavy with the awful feelings that their conversations had stirred! 
**********
At Zin the ruction and stir were phenomenal! The Towers were opened wide! On rare occasions it was something that Ha-Satan would cause to happen. All of the northern side of the black fortresses would disappear, leaving its span opened up wide to encompass all the bleak territories of the farthest reaching principalities. It was an occasion of both pernicious revelry and black worship! 
It seems that one malignant agent of darkness, known as Critaba, had returned with a message. The revolting demon had been near the borders of the dark kingdom at his post when a mighty angel from the realm of the One, swiftly flew down to stand before him preparing to speak. This border region between the Kingdom of Light and the Kingdom of Darkness was a designated territory in the lower heavens and it was known as the Court of Schism where the light and the darkness overlapped and mingled. Here Ha-Satan could come and walk among the great Cherubim. On occasions the glorious throne of the Lord God would appear here and Ha-Satan was free to converse with the manifest presence of the Lord God, though he was never permitted to see His true face. Here, upon the borders of the heavens, he could argue his cause. 
In truth however, he had seldom come to this place since ancient days but rather left his emissaries and guardians here to convey the mind of the One to his own Kingdom. Yet it was a very important place, for here Ha-Satan could have the direct audience of God when he chose to do so. Nonetheless, on this day the angel came to stand before Critaba with a message. 
"I am Gabriel who stands in the presence of the living God! Hear my words: Trouble and woe are determined against the people of Israel!” Having pronounced that one thing only, he turned and vanished! 
Ha-Satan, upon hearing these somewhat expected words, set in motion the events now taking place at the Towers. It might be called a celebration! The night was black, and its blackness covered all things! Because of the mystical fires that leapt up high before him, the monstrous, black creature known as Ha-Satan, could now be partially observed seated upon a melanised throne within the hazy cloud of vapor that surrounded him. No other thrones appeared! 
A great, winged creature of an abhorrent aspect would fly back and forth above the throne, sometimes sweeping down low and repeating the words, "Now has the night come, and the time of our god is at hand! He shall destroy the people of the One and make the earth his own dwelling forever!"
Ha-Satan sat loftily upon his throne before those that worshiped. Before and below him was the platform of a tremendous stone altar of incredible width and depth, and upon its four corners were four black, inversely shaped horns. Between the altar and the creature, upon the black throne, were burning fires and their flames leapt high into the black, starless heavens. 
The throne of Ha-Satan faced the north, and, before it, spread out as far as a human mind would have been able to grasp, was the myriad of Sabari, the black spirits of this realm, bowing down to grovel upon the earth in homage to the revolting entity who was seated before them! 
As more and more of them gathered from the four corners of the earth, a powerful, rhythmic beating of pounding drums began coming up out of the depth of the black caverns on both sides of the shadowy recess. The efficacious beating of these drums poured in upon the minds of all black spirits so greatly that they found it difficult to control their reactions and fought to remain bowed to the earth! An innumerable and nearly infinite-reaching cloud of blackness spread out before the throne of Ha-Satan, comprised of these prostrate and worshiping beings, and they appeared as a massive shifting ocean of blackness as far north as even a spirit creature could perceive, the powerfully agitating music effecting them intensely!
Then, from the deep shadows of the recess itself, completely unseen, was a multitude of beings from whose lips rose up a constant hum, a sort of chant, and, as their voices ascended up, the morbid sounds fell into perfect harmony with the rhythmic beatings of the drums. 
On both sides of the black throne, and in precise proportions divided, were legions of stupendous beasts of a most hideous appearance and they began to sing in powerful rhythm, 

"Children of earth 
The Satan has risen!
Torment and pain 
And death he has given!
He is our god, He --- is - our - god!"

Those on one side were singing the first line and those on the other side answering with the next. Then, they offered a culmination of the final line, lifting their voices together. Over and over it was sung, the pitch and intensity rising higher with every repetition. 
A most horrid beast of a repulsive, slick bluish-green color then stood out from among the others and cried out hideously, his voice cracking and splintery as he screeched out the words of a second refrain. 

"Children of earth 
The Satan has risen!
Torment and pain 
And death he has given!
He is our god, He --- is - our - god!

Misery and blight
The death knells are soundin'
Bones stripped of life,
The grave yawns beneath them
He is our god, He --- is - our - god!"

Then the great horde all joined again and began to sing louder and louder. 

"Children of earth 
The Satan has risen!
Torment and pain 
And death he has given!
He is our god, He --- is - our - god!

Wrung from the flesh
Bitter throbs of anguish
Tears now of blood
And screams of the hopeless
Chains for the dead
Stole from the living
Drawn to the grave
For Satan has risen
He is our god, He --- is - our - god!"

On a lower step beneath the beasts that sang was another group of grotesque beings and, at certain intervals, they would throw their heads back and allow their throats to swell, at which time they emitted a blasting noise not unlike a tremendous trumpet with powerful vibrations that filled the air like great blaring horns. They did this synchronous with the singing and chanting and the rhythmic sound of the drums. 
At this the myriad of spirits lying upon the black earth before the throne fought hard to suppress the urge to move but remained still and worshiped, though whispered groans and mild shrieks did sometimes escape their lips. Smoke from beneath also billowed up to further create a cloudy and diaphanous atmosphere! 
Then, upon the wide topmost portion of the altar, appearing at first as a mirage and then slowly taking form, were a multitude of black spirits who began to dance and, at the same time, scream hideously as they allowed the volume of their screeching to come and go in flow with the rhythm of the chanting and drums and voices of the singers. 
Now overwhelmed, the vast ocean of black worshippers began to succumb to the effects of all this and an ineffable revelry broke loose as they rose up to heave and jerk and twist, giving themselves over to the maddening motions dictated by the music. 
Ha-Satan threw his wretched head back, screaming out viciously and far louder than all the others. When he did so, all gave way as howls and shrieks burst forth to fill those abhorrent principalities of darkness which exist from one end of the earth to the other!
This sort of debauchery continued on for a very long while. It was finally disturbed, however, by a bellowing roar coming from one side of the span as the demon, Tarkan, slowly pushed his way forward through the multitude of fallen spirits. In a short time he made his way to the great altar, where he took the central area by swinging his tail-like hinder body, to sweep away masses of inferiors. 
It is something that man should know concerning this black race of creatures. As God had created man in his own image, more in spirit than physically, Ha-Satan, in turn, had influenced a species of creatures upon the earth that also resembled himself and those of his kind. In this case, it was not so much in spirit, but physically! For all reptilian creatures received their appearance, at least in part, by the powers of a fallen angelic race! Tarkan's appearance was, indeed, horrific. Tonight as he stomped and twisted to the beat of the sounds about him, his grotesqueness was overwhelming. Soon he began to shake his heavy arms into the air and curse: "Death to the King who sits upon the throne in Jerusalem! Heaped up bodies and crushing of bones and rivers of blood for the Hebrews!" Curse the living God! Curse Him and the people of Israel for all time!" On and on he reviled the Lord God! He screamed and shrieked and pounded the earth. Soon Raiba joined him as well as Dakababus and many others of the mighty demons of the Towers. Screaming and roaring, giving way to an insanity that filled the night as all the creatures within the Towers of Dread celebrated what they believed would come in days ahead - the utter destruction and demise of Israel!
********** 
Joab had been nine months and twenty days in counting the people! It had never been an affair of which he approved. Indeed, he greatly disapproved of it and had voiced the same many times over!
In all Israel there were one million one-hundred thousand men who could handle a sword, including four hundred and seventy thousand in Judah. After performing the work that the King had required of him, Joab returned to his home near Hebron. He fully anticipated that God would visit Israel for this very deed. He would not be proven wrong!
**********
For a second time Matriaca invited Azarias to his dwelling. Somehow the Prophet had a way of making the young man feel special, and Azarias was delighted to be called to his abode once again. Of course, the Prophet had his own reasons for befriending the young man and it was a matter in which he did not work alone. 
It happened that Matriaca was a man of dreams and visions himself, but, of course, suffice it to say, his were of a different origin than those of Nathan and the Prophets of Israel. For the man of Ramah had various spirits come to him when he was visited, but often they all spoke at one time, as a mixture of voices and it was not uncommon for their words to be confusing. Yet, the man endured this, for it was the nature of things within the world of dark spirits. Yet, with all of that, these spirits did often speak and guide him in the direction that would inevitably accomplish their own ends!
Months before when he had first laid eyes on the young man, Azarias, he knew within himself that this boy was a subject of great interest to the powers that guided him. In this regard, the vision had been clear. The boy was the son of a Prophet who could offer a great deal of resistance to their cause. The spirits were insistent on the effort to turn the boy against his father at any cost!
Such things were in the mind of Matriaca as he, once again, offered the boy a seat, and the two of them ate together, as before, talking of a number of insignificant matters, things which the man knew would be interesting to the young Azarias. After a short time their topic, however, turned to more serious matters as Azarias explained how he agreed with Matriaca concerning many matters. Yet, it was hard for him to understand how his father, who had always been a great Prophet in Israel, could be wrong about so important a matter as the temple.
The Prophet knew better than to approach the idea that Azarias's father was somehow evil, as he had plainly accused the King of being. He rightly discerned that the boy would never turn away from his own father in that way. However, what he did strive to do was convince the boy that, in the matter of the temple, his father was simply mistaken, and that his friendship with the King made him blind to the fact that the man on the throne was really evil, though he might not appear to be so. 
Therefore at Azaria’s words with which he defended his father, Matriaca shook his head up and down as if agreeing, while he sat all the trays of remaining food aside, and then looked deeply into the boy's eyes. "I have the power to call upon God on your behalf, Azarias, to the end that He might open your eyes and thus reveal these things clearly to your heart, so that your sense of confusion can be put to rest. You know now about the King and how his pride has taken him away, but you do not know all. I am not sure you understand the disastrous consequence that awaits Israel if the King is permitted to build his so-called temple! If you would be willing, I could try to help you receive a vision of your own, and, in that way, you might understand with all certainty that what I have spoken will surely come to pass if the temple is ever constructed!" 
Azarias, who had never had such an experience at all, was very apprehensive about Matriaca's suggestion. "Oh . . . I do not think that I . . ."
"Why not Azarias? There is nothing to fear. I assure you that no harm could possibly come of your efforts at knowing the truth in this way? Come join me!"
Azarias was slow to reach out and take the hands of the Prophet that were stretched out toward him, yet, he did so and closed his eyes as he observed Matriaca closing his. 
The prayers that the man spoke were much different than those of his father and Azarias felt some sense of uneasiness as he listened to not only the words, but the very tone in which they were offered.
"Oh mighty One, we render you our homage! Oh mighty One we call upon you for guidance! Will you hear the words of Matriaca your servant! Come with visions of light, you are the master of the soul! Come with visions of truth!" 
The Prophet paused long between each sentence, which he so carefully uttered. 
"Oh glorious One, we give you our homage, may you crush down to dust the bones of all that oppose you! May agony fill the hearts of any who dare resist your will! Receive us, for we come that we might aid in extending your rule over the hearts of men! Come with visions of light, you are the master of the soul! Come with visions of truth!"
The room had now become deathly quiet and it almost seemed to Azarias that the earth swirled around, yet he now feared to open his eyes, but only listened.
"Oh splendid One, we render to you our purest homage, we pour out adulation for you are supreme! Guide us! We are but shadows and our minds are pathetic, dark and ignorant and we cannot see that which we need to see! Come with visions of light, you are the master of the soul! Come with visions of truth!" 
Matriaca was silent for a long while as if waiting for something and the young man, Azarias, sat and waited for he knew not what. 
Again the Prophet spoke with a voice little more than a whisper. "I see your light as a small flicker, far away, O splendid One! Come to me! Your power is supreme, may all my bones be broken if I resist you. Come to your servant, Matriaca!"
"Yes, I am in your light, almighty ruler of all the earth, I am humble, I am undeserving, I am without worth! I am in your light, glorious One!"
Azarias was sure that he could feel something different in the room all about them but his mind was unable to define it. Yet, it was there, very much like the presence of something or someone. He sat as if frozen in place and his heart beat rapidly. He dared not open his eyes. 
"Oh, Splendid One! I would give the light to Azarias, who also wishes to be your servant. May it please you to give him visions that he might also know of things to come as you have ordained them to be. Oh, mighty One! It is as if our faces were in the dust. We are humbled and undeserving and without worth before you!"
Not even the wizard of Damascus knew the true nature of the presence that now abode with them in this solitary place! If the eyes of Azarias could truly see as only a true Prophet can see, he would have looked above him to view the immense personage of Lucifer himself in his shadowy form bending over the two of them with a hideous expression on his face. He was about to lead the son of Nathan past the Breach of Shadows, and into the inscrutable domain that Lucifer, or, that is to say, Ha-Satan, simply designated as, and the demon's merely conceive as The Realm Is! In truth, this is a thing he seldom performs, for he, himself, hates to traverse this realm, as it reminds him of the ages when he controlled . . . time. Further, the arch-fiend feared seeing his own end and therefore shirked off any notion of going there except on rare occasions. 
There is also another important reason that Ha-Satan shies away from sojourning this ambiguous realm, and that is the fact that, in these later ages, when he travels there, all is hazy and unclear even to him. He is often left uncertain of what is real and that which is not! Yet, at the same time, there remain particular scenes and events which, due to the fact that they always and repeatedly occur, in The Realm Is, this repetition gives Ha-Satan assurance that these events are true happenings in the past, or if it applies, are dependable as true future events. It is these cases he would visit with the Prophet's son this day.
The Realm Is, presents a world within and of itself, so mysterious that even Ha-Satan, though he once ruled it, cannot comprehend its existence! Once it has been entered, there is no tomorrow or yesterday. Nor is there sequence or order of events, and only Ha-Satan has the power, or, more properly, has at least a remaining residue of power, to call things back into original alignment and, so travel what is sometimes called the course of time. 
The Realm Is should not be mistaken for time itself. It is only a mirror of events that have taken place, and though the events themselves have disappeared, yet a residue of their reflection remain in what man refers to as the past. These events have forever cast a trace of their reality upon the fabric of existence, as a tree casts a shadow upon the earth. Yet, the shadow is not the tree, and The Realm Is, cannot be understood as being time itself, as it is merely the collection of these same reflections! 
Only the Lord God truly controls time. It is His wonder! He rules it in perfection, yet, it is only a temporary instrument and always subjected to His authority! 
This mysterious realm then, which lies beyond The Breach of Shadows, is precisely where Lucifer would now take Azarias. The Breach of Shadows is merely the opening or gateway to The Realm Is!
Here, with great deception, he would distort the visions of the future. What the young man would see would be only that which Satan wished him to see! The vision, by necessity, would be brief, for Lucifer feared Azarias seeing future events that he much preferred to hide from him. Nonetheless, He would speed the boy through chosen events in time and let him come to his own conclusions, though they would only rest upon partial and distorted revelations! 
Therefore, at that very moment an extremely bright light filled the mind of Azarias! So great was it that even as he opened his eyes, he could see nothing but the shining light, and he trembled with fear though he did not rise up. "I see a light!" the youth exclaimed with fright saturating his words. 
"Be serene, be calm, it will not harm you!" Matriaca spoke gently, and his soft voice was calming to the young man. 
As Azarias calmed, a small, rather indistinctive figure began to materialize at the center of the light. In some ways it appeared human, and yet it seemed as only a vapor, for the most part lacking human extremities. Yet, at one point it seemed to extend an arm and gestured for Azarias to follow. 
In an instant he realized that he could only do so in his mind. But, as quickly as the thought came to him, so the awareness that he was moving along also became evident. At once a strange world opened up and it appeared as a great portal or doorway. Azarias had now come to the Breach of Shadows! At that moment however, neither Azarias nor even Ha-Satan perceived the presence of the mighty Cherubim, Gabriel. His eyes were carefully watching all of these events though he was careful not to interfere. 
Azarias stood for a moment nearly spellbound! As he gazed into the portal, enormous white stones of light paved a road that led past the doorway into a thick, white haze, and it was to this that the spirit creature beckoned. Azarias followed the spirit up the road paved with stones of light.
The vision of the radiant stones only transpired a moment and took, in terms of the passage of time, less than a twinkle of the eye, at which point it dissolved, leaving the youth standing upon a high mountain overlooking Jerusalem. As he gazed down from the mountain, he saw a temple of astonishing beauty that was being assaulted by a mighty army, and they broke it down stone by stone until it lay nearly level to the earth. All of this Azarias saw in a very brief moment of time. Indeed, these scenes passed with exceeding swiftness before the eyes of the young man, yet somehow he knew within his heart that they were real!
But this was not all, for as Azarias looked on, his vision changed and he saw a great multitude of workers and these were the chosen people who struggled and rebuilt the temple even while a voice cried aloud. "It is defamation against the Lord God!” This was indeed the voice of Lucifer himself, though he now portrayed himself as an angel of light! This voice he cast as softly as the dew and as gentle as a lamb. It was full of deception and he continued to call out, "It is defamation against the Lord God!"

Nonetheless, as he continued to watch, the people labored to build until they erected a second great temple and its beauty surpassed the glorious beauty of the first. 
Marvelous stones were overlaid with gold and silver and reflected the light of the sun, and these set among great cedar beams with ornamental carving, and it was astounding for Azarias to look upon, so great was its splendor. 
As he looked upon these things and the wonder of them filled his heart, his ears heard again the mysterious voice calling out. "This is Messiah! This is Messiah!" 
The eyes of Azarias were drawn to a man in Jerusalem and the same voice called out once again. "This is Messiah! This is Messiah!"
Over and over it repeated itself. Then, to the utter grief of Azarias, as he watched with his own eyes, the people murdered the man called Messiah, and, again, the young man watched them lay his body in a great tomb and seal it. He was dead!
Clouds quickly covered Jerusalem, and within the clouds was a second vast army and they assaulted the temple and brought, it down stone by stone, and set fire to what remained standing until all was in ruins. 
With a great suddenness, Azarias watched as long spans of time fled by, until when he looked again, the owls built upon the stones of the temple and the people were led away in chains, for the evil of having built a temple that did not honor God but rather to commemorate the memory of the King named David. . . . Or thus spoke the voice!
Azarias saw all of this. He viewed the future for endless years and the people who were led away never returned. Nor were they upon the earth any longer, and their name disappeared from among men, for there was no remembrance of them! And so, in the great span of time, the name Israel was forgotten, and men never uttered it, for the people of that nation no longer existed upon the earth! These things crushed the spirit of Azarias and his heart felt deep and inexpressible grief, for by the visions that he was seeing, he understood that his own people had been decimated from the earth!
As Azarias watched all of these things and pondered them, his heart grieved and he fell to his knees, and would have called upon the name of the Lord God but suddenly a man dressed in white came up from the ruins of the temple. He stood before Azarias and spoke. "I am Moses and I wish to speak to you concerning the old prophecies and the Messiah. And he spoke to Azarias and, in some small manner, calmed him, but the youth did not discern who it was that really appeared and called himself Moses!
A great wind began to blow all about the young man and suddenly Azarias found himself in another place, and as his mind cleared, he was laying on his side upon the plush carpets within the wizard's room where he saw Matriaca seated just beyond him as before! The young man's mind and world was forever changed!



Chapter Thirteen
“Sire . . . it is The Plague!”


“Make an atonement cover of pure gold. . . . And make two cherubim out of hammered gold at the ends of the cover. Make one cherubim on one end and the second cherubim on the other; make the cherubim of one piece with the cover, at the two ends. The cherubim are to have their wings spread upward, overshadowing the cover with them. The cherubim are to face each other, looking toward the cover.”
   Exodus 25:17

Shivering and ghostly shadows rose up around the King as he reluctantly stumbled onward, moving down the long, desolate corridor immediately before him. A light, a very dim light, at its far end seemed to beckon him on but, other than that, all was dark and bleak and . . . fearful. His arms and legs felt heavy and sluggish by reason of the thick and burdensome chains of black iron fastened upon them that clanged with their own dismal foreboding rattle as he dragged them along. He lifted his hand and touched the thick, slippery dampness on the wall as he groped for each new footstep in the shadowy light. A cold shiver of misery shook his body down to the bones and his heart pounded as if a great hammer was beating against the inner chamber of his chest. 
The glow increased as David entered the great hall where the corridor had led him. Its source was two large fire-pits, both near the center of the room. Their flames of orange and blue cast a subdued light upon the walls and ceiling and only illuminated the hall to some small degree. 
A chilling wind swept over David’s body and, in the same instant, his eyes caught a glimpse of a dreadful ghost-like figure on the far side of the hall. The face of the specter could not be clearly perceived for it was only a shadow, but when it softly called out to him with a desolate and haunted voice, David recognized its tone at once. It was . . . King Saul. 
“David, is that you, my son? Have you come to this place as well?” The voice slowly echoed away down the corridors until it was hushed. Yet, it caused a great fear to wash over David and he cringed down as if the words were an evil pronouncement. Even though his mind was in a frightened state he could not help but recognize a familiarity to his surroundings, though they appeared much different now. It was the lustrous and grand hall of the palace of King Saul. Many years ago it had been his first taste of imperial richness as he was brought here straightway from the sheepfields of Bethlehem lacking the awareness that such opulent luxury even existed! 
In his mind, though only for a moment, he relived that day in a flicker of time. The splendid furnishings, golden lamps, plush carpets and drapes, servants running to and fro, and the truly delectable food. Here wealth had been exhibited lavishly, and abundant luxury had dazzled the eyes and captured the heart of the young shepherd. David, however, was quickly pulled out of these thoughts by the voice speaking yet again. 
“David, my son, are you here with the dead?”
Even while the words were being uttered, David heard other voices too - soft whispering voices, all around as darting shadows ran by him first one way and then another. But, he heard their raspy whisperings only too clearly. “He has counted the people! The King has numbered his men!” One whispered on his right side. Quickly, it was followed by another and this one even more ghastly sounding. 
“The sin is great, so very great! He is doomed, the King is doomed! His evil soul is damned and he dwells now with the damned forever!” The voices, though little more than whispers, were so very hideous, and seemed saturated with a breathing and crawling malice. It was as if the words themselves had become a clinging, poisonous venom, dripping into his soul a malignity of terror that threatened his mind with near insanity! The King struggled to raise his hands and cover his ears, and, as he did so, he heard again the rattling of the iron chains that bound him and felt their crushing weight. He groaned out loudly as his face contorted with bitter anguish, remorse and unutterable fear. 
Just then, in the midst of the hall, there appeared an elderly man in heavy, scarlet robes. He held his hand out toward a great table at the center of the hall on which sat an enormous book made of stone. The book was many times bigger than any man. Partially propped, the book was positioned so that David could see, unobstructed, into its many stone pages. As he looked at it the man spoke, “Behold, the Book of Messiah.” When he uttered these words a strong wind blew from the deep corridors of the hall and their force began to turn each leaf of the immense, stone volume, one slowly following another. These did not begin to turn from the beginning of the book, but rather, from its end. On that page a light shone forth out of the book so brilliantly that David struggled to look upon it. Yet, for a brief time, he caught the appearance of a magnificent world of light. This light was so lustrous that he could not look steadfastly toward it as the radiant scene poured forth out of the book, off of its pages. At that moment another stone leaf moved again, turning backward, contrary to the movement of time. 
On each page the King could see events unfolding which appeared as real as anything he had ever laid eyes upon in this world, and they passed away with the turning of each stony leaf. For one brief moment the book fell open upon a strange image that David could not comprehend. A rapidly lengthening shadow appeared thrown across the eastern hillside of Jerusalem. It was hard to understand its meaning for the shadow was of a tall wooden beam cast upon the ground. The King wondered as he saw, within the shadow, a man hanging upon it. This image grew until it cast its shadow upon the entire land of Israel and then upon the whole earth. David watched intently, unable to fathom its meaning. And, as the King watched the shadow of the man, he lifted his face and his lips moved, and he cried out with a loud voice, so great that it shook the earth, “I AM MESSIAH!” 
Immediately the page closed and another opened, followed by many more. Then, to his utter amazement, the page turned and David saw himself, as large as life, upon the next leaf of the book! He rode upon a great horse whose color was grey and he wore a dazzling white robe upon which were written the words purity and innocence and a golden crown, unlike any that he had ever seen, sat upon his head. Gazing closer, he knew that he was in the Ephraim wood, riding quickly into its dense brush and rock. The horse that he rode upon was only a shade so that the thick underbrush and heavy, craggy rock of the Ephraim wood did him no harm. The Ephraim wood was a harsh place of dense thickets and desolate groves, covering a vast area and capable of inflicting its own pain and tribulations of diverse kinds, seemingly without mercy. It was a cruel and forsaken land. 
As he rode through it he saw the spirits of men, warriors with swords drawn, appearing among the wood and they gathered up behind a man standing boldly in the midst of the thick forests of the Ephraim wood. His beauty was astonishing to look upon and David recognized him at once as his own son, Absalom. He had a great sword in his hand and upon his brow was a white cloth tied around, upon which was written in blood the word Rebellion! The King knew the meaning of this at once. While Absalom was his son, yet, this was the man that offered all Israel the softening of judgment and palliation for transgressions and wrong! 
In that moment the eyes of the King saw yet another man who ran like Joab and held his sword as Joab held his. David watched as he came and stood with his weapon over Absalom. Suddenly, the elderly man who stood beside the great table which held the stone book, cried out. “Behold the man is the law and he bears the Sword of Law!”
To David’s grief, Joab then drove his mighty sword through the heart of Absalom and, as he pulled it free, the King’s son slumped to the earth . . . dying. The great sword dripped with the blood of Absalom. 
Again the elder cried out. “His blood must be mingled with the blood of the King!”
As the King looked upon these events and heard these words, his heart was filled with astonishment. Joab, still bearing the mighty sword, turned and, reaching up, thrust it deeply into the belly of David the King. As he pulled it free, his red blood ran down upon his white majestic robe and it also mingled with the blood of Absalom upon the sword of Joab!

With a shuttering gasp, David, King of Israel rose up out of his bed and his face was filled with an expression of utter terror! The dream had been the result of having received the count of his men from Joab, a thing for which he was instantly and deeply conscious stricken! He had played the part of a fool! What had come over him? 
The King feared God and knew that he held men accountable for their misdeeds and prideful acts. The sense of guilt began to tear away at David’s heart until he found it hard to bear. It took him some long while to finally compose himself after the dream, at which time he stepped out to the court of his rooftop, where he often meditated, and there he pondered the dream as well as all that he had committed before the Lord. There, at last he fell down before God, and cried out to Him with tremendous urgency! “I have sinned greatly in what I have done. Now, Lord, I beg You, take away the guilt of your servant. I have done a very foolish thing.”
It was not just this wrong that he had been guilty of, but David knew within his heart that he had grown distant and cold toward God. As these things were brought to bear upon his mind and heart, David laid his face to the earth and wept!
**********
When morning arrived the Prophet Gad came unto the King at the palace and David received him. The King was not even yet properly dressed, and he had the appearance of one that had not slept well or perhaps had not slept at all. It was in this condition that he met the Prophet of God!
Gad had always been a secluded Prophet and one that seldom conversed with others without good reason. From the moment that David looked down from his window and observed the Seer waiting at his palace gate, he was gripped with apprehension as he knew it to be an omen of fearful events. He wished that God had sent Nathan to him instead, yet at the same time he knew that this was best! 
Gad, the rather unvarnished Prophet of the countryside, was always an extremely down-to-business type of person and hardly had he received admittance into the King’s chambers, and certainly without any cordialities having been exchanged, he began to speak. “The Lord God has observed your repentance and this is the word that He has sent his servant to speak to you! Because of your sin you shall suffer one of three things. Which of these penalties fall upon Israel is up to you!” 
“Shall there come on you three years of famine in your land? Or three months of fleeing from your enemies while they pursue you? Or three days of plague in your land? Now then, think it over and decide how I should answer the one who sent me.”
Instantly, upon hearing the words of the Prophet, David’s soul was sorely distressed. “If I chose three years of famine, it is certain that thousands of my people will die the long and agonizing death of starvation! Should I choose to flee the throne before my enemies for even a week, as surely as the Lord God lives, Israel would fall, perhaps never to rise again! Therefore I have no choice for I would rather fall into the hands of a merciful God than into the hands of those that hate Israel! I have chosen the last, and may God be merciful. But, at the same time, if death must come of the plague, may it fall only upon the house of David for the sin is mine and mine alone!”
At these words the Prophet looked at him for a great while as if preparing to speak and yet he did not. 
It was David who, upon seeing the Prophet’s peculiar demeanor, coaxed him to speak more. “Speak all that is in your heart, Gad, for I know you are the servant of God and you speak only that which comes from Him.”
The Prophet, after studying David a moment longer, turned partly about, and replied almost hastily. “What I have spoken is the word of the Lord God. There is nothing more. It shall be as you say. This day the plague shall come upon the people of Israel!”
At that Gad began to make his way toward the door but was interrupted by David’s words. “But why must the people of Israel suffer for something they had absolutely nothing to do with? Any one of these three choices would have left Israel in great calamity. I do not understand. I and I alone committed this deed, therefore, let the punishment fall upon me alone. Please intercede with God on my behalf, for this is as it should be. Let David suffer for his own sins and no one else.” David’s voice sounded desperate and, as Gad stopped and turned his head back to look at the King, he saw a man whose face was covered with distress. 
“Do you not think it strange that the Lord God has given you a choice of your punishment? To whom has the Lord God ever given choices of the options of penalty? This should speak to you of God’s heart in this matter. And let the King remember the words I am about to say, that these words came from Gad the Prophet, for I will surely own them, Israel is not guiltless!”
With that spoken the man of God turned back and left the palace. David, however, did not comprehend the words of the Prophet, for his mind was greatly troubled and he was afflicted with much distress!

Hardly had the echoes of the Prophet’s retreating footsteps hushed upon the palace halls, but what messengers began to arrive with bleak tidings of a strange and malignant blight falling upon the people. A plague of such a dreadful nature that those afflicted by it were sustaining horrendous suffering. Excessive fevers and vomiting that wrenched the body with intractable cramps and racking pain. 
The King was hard pressed to reach a sensible reaction. How could he just stay here in the palace and do nothing with the welfare of his people hanging in the balance? Would death truly visit his people and, if so, how many must die? Would his own supplications toward God, that He remember past mercies, be effectual or disregarded? 
With haste David called the elders of the city as well as all of his officials and the Levite priests together, and they all, along with the King, placed sackcloth upon their bodies, and ash upon their heads, and began to make their way to the tabernacle where was the Ark of the Covenant and the Holy articles of the Living God. There, they would offer sacrifice and cry out upon the name of the Lord that He might show Israel mercy, though, as David required of them to know, it was his own iniquity that had brought this upon Israel and not another’s!
Therefore, before the sun was well risen in the sky above the city, David and the elders began their march up to the Tabernacle of Moses!
**********
While the moon yet reflected her calm and shimmering light upon the Towers of Dread, which, in turn, cast long, bleak and distorted shadows, reaching nearly all the way up to the gates of Jerusalem, Ha-Satan had . . . risen up from his throne! At his rising, the foundations of Dread were quaking with upheaval as events there began to spiral into near chaos. 
Black, flying spirits in droves presently circled her lofty and spiked pinnacles, as they screeched out their baleful predictions upon the land of Jacob’s children!
Deep within the bowels of this ancient and malevolent fortress were absolute throngs of wicked creatures, squalling out and howling in delirium their cursed intent, while forging, as it were, the swords of torment which they supposed would ring the final death knell over the land of Israel. 
Here was being contrived one wicked vial after another, an atrocious confection, the rudiments of a plague so insidious that its ghastly potential for death, was nearly unimaginable! One enormous black bottle of the vile mixture at a time was taken up by the gnarled and twisted hands of only the most powerful and devilish, the blackest of all fallen angels!
So much better this! A plague of apocalyptic proportions! How much more advantageous by far was this than covertly moving one imperial pawn against another in hopes of achieving ends that were, at best, so often thwarted by unseen and unexpected events? So superior to moving armies of warriors with swords which could be very questionable in their outcome and often taking weeks and months to maneuver into place! A Plague! And out of the King’s own mouth!
From Ha-Satan down to the lowest ranking, all were nearly drunk with hysteria. 

“Now are the kingdoms of the earth become the kingdoms of Ha-Satan . . . Ha-Satan . . . Ha-Satan! Now are the kingdoms of the earth, become the kingdoms of Ha-Satan . . . Ha-Satan . . . Ha-Satan!” They sang. 

Early in the morning hours a vanguard had been dispatched from the Towers and sent to Jerusalem, but they were only to be a harbinger of the cloud of misery awaiting and soon to be dispersed upon every blade of grass and grain of sand, down to the very last particles of everything that was . . . Israel!
Dakababus had gathered up, to the very last, his entire order of diabolical minions and conferred upon them the power of grief and death! Even now these were nearing the Holy City. Numberless legions of demons, given power to afflict and torment, were trudging across the wilderness as the first wave of their kind began to enter the city, many of them holding in their clawed hands enormous but strange-appearing vaporous black vials!
Ha-Satan was convinced that, so far as Israel was concerned, all was lost, that the One had given them up altogether. That the dream of Messiah was, at last, falling into pieces as the ash of a leaf finally crumbles away into the lapping flames of fire. Victory belonged to the dark kingdom! There would be no quarter given, no mercy. All would be vicious until the vermin known as Hebrews, were swept from the face of the earth forever! 
**********
Nathan had arisen early and was walking the lower meadows below his home in Bethel in search of two lost sheep when the word of the Lord came to him. “Go up to Jerusalem for David the King is in need of you!”
Those were the only words spoken, and Nathan returned to his house with all haste and made ready his journey up to Jerusalem. Even on horseback, a means he had been slow to adopt, it would take most of the morning to ride there. As he entered the house from the garden he met Kezmin in the hall and knew at once that something was very much wrong. “Hezabia the runner of Bethel has just departed. His message is that a great plague has broken out over the land and many are suffering!” Kezmin spoke and with tears coming to her eyes she added. “Azarias is not here and he did not sleep here last night!”
Nathan took her in his arms as he had so many times, and held her close. “Do not fear, Kezmin! Azarias is well. I promise it. Be calm! God will protect him!” Nathan reassured her and somehow she felt better. 
After they embraced a moment or two longer Nathan took his arms away and spoke. “The numbering of the people!” And he looked Kezmin in the eyes knowingly. Kezmin nodded her head in agreement. 
“Kaleb is waiting for you with the horses. We knew you would want to go to Jerusalem!”
“Yes, I must go, though I am not actually sure for what reason!” Nathan replied as he slipped his arm into the first sleeve of his black cloak. 
Kezmin watched him from a short distance and somehow her heart felt peace. How many times had she watched her husband take upon himself the Prophet’s cloak and staff and set his face toward Jerusalem? Today was no different! Only where she had once seen a young man, she now saw a man on whom the fingers of time had left its traces. He wore a beard these days and it was turning gray. To Kezmin his handsome face looked even more distinguished than ever, and as he pulled the hood up around it and took his staff in hand, her heart beat with the very same love that was kindled there so many years ago in the marketplace of Shechem! No matter what terrors should come by night or day, she knew her husband, that he was God’s man and her heart rested in that. 
“Just that I received a word from the Lord God and I am to go up to Jerusalem with all speed! The King is in distress. I am sure. I must be with him. Though God has chosen to hide this thing from my eyes, he has not abandoned my spirit, and, in my heart, I know that, above all, the kingdom will survive! That is what matters most!” 
Hurriedly Nathan kissed Kezmin and turned to leave but not before adding a last word. “Trust God Kezmin! All will be well!”
**********
Upon the barren summits east of Jerusalem, Nathan’s horse galloped heavily and left the trailing of his cloak stretched out far behind him, blowing in the wind. As the morning had been rather cool, his hood was still around his face while he and Kaleb swept down the hillside toward the city!
When Nathan neared its gates, he could hear voices of both women and men crying out in grief and it pressed down hard upon his spirit, for he knew the reason. The plague! As he and Kaleb, his servant, rode on up closer, the Prophet pushed the hood back off his head and heard the voice of a man speaking, and the sound of his words rose up above all the rest. Slowly, both of them pulled their horses back to a halt, dismounted and listened.
“Return to the righteous path, O Israel, and save yourselves from the wrath of God. Bring the King and his lofty aspirations down to the dust and show yourselves worthy of God’s forgiveness!”
The Prophet of Bethel stood in solemn amazement, not only at the words that he was hearing but also at the great gathering that had amassed and were listening to the vicious lies of this ravenous wolf!
Located on one of the raised porches, near the gateway, stood a man dressed in the robes of a Prophet. His were draped long and looked as black as the outer darkness. Yet, its design, unlike Nathan’s, was of an exquisite weave, and it had large inserts on the shoulders and cuffs, which were made of a deep, rich, wine colored cloth. The seams that set these apart were of gold, and he wore a large silver, glittering medallion on a silver chain, around his neck. His black hood was pulled over his head and it covered his features to a large degree. A black rod was in his left hand and its upper-most stem was embellished with a projection of ornamental gold and this had a white crystal attached to its tip. The man exhibited a posture of great authority which elicited the reverence of those to whom he spoke!
At once, his words provoked Nathan, and the more so, as he listened! Yet, his heart was also moved with compassion when he heard the cries of the people. “Please Matriaca, call upon the Lord God on our behalf and save us from this plague. Tell us what we may do that the hand of God might be lifted!”
“Cease your gathering up for the temple and so shall you assuage the anger of God. Bring down the King and his exalted ambitions! Then will God turn and bless you and lift the hand of woe that has now come upon your land!”
Upon hearing more of the false Prophet’s words, a great indignation was kindled within Nathan’s spirit! The Prophet decided that he must deal with this man now and turned and placed the reins of his horse into Kaleb’s hand and admonished him to remain on the hillside with the animals.
Slowly, while he yet listened, he began to make his way down to the hinder part of the crowd and there he stopped and listened for a bit longer. When he had heard enough, with great force he lifted his own voice so that all could hear him as he addressed the Prophet Matriaca. “For what purpose have you come down to Israel, O son of wickedness?”
As his words resounded out over the people, they all turned their faces back to see who it was that spoke. Upon seeing the Prophet of Bethel great fear fell upon them all and they began to move apart, leaving a broad space open between the Prophet of Bethel and the man of Ramah who remained upon the stone platform. There he was surrounded by a number of his followers, one of them being Azarias, but Nathan had not yet recognized his son. Matriaca knew the Prophet without being told, and was instantly aware that this was the man he should withstand. Moreover, he was to prevent his entering Jerusalem to speak with David the King! However, the spirits that had often visited the wizard, never revealed to him the power of the Prophet of Bethel, therefore, being ignorant of this, he felt himself well able to deal with the one who presently opposed him, for, in all respects, the man of Bethel appeared, simple and common! 
Yet, though unknown to Matriaca, the voices themselves were well aware that this was the man that could destroy all that they had worked so hard to achieve! This man could quickly turn the hearts of the people back to David and their hopes of seeing the King banished or even stoned would quickly dissolve! Yet, they shared none of this with their medium!
Again Nathan called out to Matriaca. “For what reason do you speak against the temple? Why do you withstand those things of which you have no knowledge?”
Just then, from behind Matriaca, Azarias moved around to stand before the man of Ramah, and he called out with a loud voice as he pushed the hood of his own vesture back away from his face, allowing his father to recognize who it was that spoke. “Father, it is you that are withstanding the will of the Lord God. This temple is an evil thing. Does this plague, now being visited upon our land, not reveal plainly enough, the displeasure that God has with us over our attempts to raise this pompous shrine? How is it different than the pyramids of Pharaoh or the monuments set up by Kings along the Euphrates River that were constructed to offer ageless homage to the spirits of men long forgotten?” 
“Why does the King incite the people to build this extravagant and glorious edifice when, in truth, our God has always been content to dwell in the tents of Moses! Is it not to bring the King himself, lasting renown? We must repent of this thing this very day!”
Nathan was so shaken at seeing his own son standing with the false Prophet, and at hearing his words, that, for a long while, it was difficult for him to speak. 
The black spirits that had affected Matriaca knew that the boy would be a powerful tool to use against the Prophet. In the event that the wizard failed to stop him, the boy might prove successful. All of this had been carefully planned beforehand, as the spirits feared greatly that, if Nathan was able to make his way to David and recognized that the King had truly repented, he might intercede for him and cause God to rescind his judgment, which they believed was sent to devour the entire people of Israel. Either Matriaca or Azarias must be their instrument to defy and destroy the Prophet! 
Nathan stood there motionless as the words of his son rang in his ears! There was a grief in his heart that he had never known before, and it left him for a long while almost as if paralyzed. The wind was causing his robes to flutter and his hair was now blown back from his face while he stood, with staff in hand, looking steadfastly up at the platform and, more specifically, upon the face of his son! At last he spoke. “Azarias, you do not know of that which you speak. How can you turn your back on all that I have taught you concerning the will of our God and His people? Everything from the foundations of the earth revolves around this temple! It speaks to us of the coming of the great Messiah! You know this! Why are you standing today with the council of the wicked?”
“Father, is it not possible to see, within your own heart, that you could be wrong? Matriaca is not evil! This great effort of the King, to establish his name forever, that is what is evil! Why can you not see that?”
“I can be wrong about many things but not those matters that the Lord God has spoken, not only to me, but also to a great company of others before me! Now, I beg you my son, come down and stand with me, for today God will separate the evil from the good, as the wheat is separated from the husk upon the broad threshing floor!”
With these words Nathan took another step in the direction of the false Prophet. 
“Wait, Father! Please, hear what I have to say. I have had visions too. The Lord God Himself has been pleased to reveal to me the meaning of things to come! My visions do not oppose yours, but only give them their truer meaning. “I, myself, spoke with the Prophets of old! They explained to me the meaning of Messiah! Messiah was never meant to be taken as a real person. He was to be understood in symbolism. The Messiah is the good of mankind when it at last rises to supremacy, to rule the earth with goodness and at last root out all evil from among us. Messiah is a teaching, an emblem that depicts a glorious truth! Yet the emblem is not the truth itself but only an article to convey that truth.” 
With a rather growing passion Azarias continued on, lifting his voice even higher as he spoke. “It was never meant that, within Israel, there should manifest a real living, breathing Messiah! But rather Messiah should be understood as the righteousness of man, when it one day rises up to dominate the whole earth! Such a Messiah lives within the heart of each of us! He needs no temple built to him. Quite the opposite! One day all men will learn to love and put away all evil and live in harmony, and it is appointed that Israel should lead the way to a time when the nations shall put away war and live in peace. In that day they will need no imperial ruler to set on a throne above them. Not even a Messiah!” 
“You must try and see this Father! The teaching of Messiah was never a thing meant to be taken literally!” Azarias spoke this and waited for his father’s reply. 
But, upon hearing these strange words coming forth out of the mouth of Azarias, Nathan’s heart ached and, yet, he was finished talking. He saw plainly that there was no dissuading his son. Truly a great blanket of deceit had been cast over his eyes and no amount of words would change that!
“Azarias, you have unwittingly entertained the teaching of the evil one! I know of nothing more that I can say. I beg you, stand aside. If you will not come to me, then, at least, remove yourself from the presence of this man for my sake!”
Azarias shook his head sadly and turned about facing Matriaca. “Please do my father no harm! He is a good man, who simply does not understand what we are trying to do!”
“I am sorry, Azarias, but that which God speaks to me, I must obey!”
It took a moment for Azarias to understand what the man was saying. However, when he did, a sense of alarm struck deep within his spirit. “You mean, if my father gets in your way, you intend to do him harm! You cannot do this thing!”
Matriaca did not answer the boy but only looked out with a cold expression. 
Suddenly, great fear overtook Azarias and he quickly turned back to his father. “Father! You must go! Please go from this place! If you do not, the Prophet will be forced to stop you. I beg you, go!” 
But even as he spoke, his father, was fastening his eyes upon the man of Ramah! “You worker of great iniquity and troubler of Israel, I adjure you by the living God that you come down and depart this place!”
It was Matriaca who spoke now, others of his followers having pulled Azarias out of the way. “Who are you that you should come against Matriaca! You call yourself a Prophet, yet you are plainly blinded by your failure to grasp the true vision. It is to save you shame that I entreat you, instead, to humbly depart! For this brief moment I shall show mercy, but understand that I will not tolerate your presence here longer! Go while my kindness is extended, for it will not tarry!”
Nathan did not reply, nor did he speak any more at all. Yet his heart was sorely distressed for Azarias his son. Suddenly, as he looked toward the porch, Nathan saw, for only an instance, Zenmarria, the angel of the Lord, stand over and behind his son and his wings were spread wide about him. The vision had been but for a moment, yet the Prophet knew that all would be well. Therefore, with great deliberateness, he began to slowly walk in the direction of the stone porch on which Matriaca now stood, his staff gripped tightly in his right hand!
The man of Ramah, for his part, paused a moment, seemingly slightly alarmed. Quickly he raised the black rod in his left hand, aiming it into the air and pointing its tip at the approaching figure! “This is your last warning Prophet of Bethel!” Matriaca cried out!
Nathan continued walking toward him silently.
Azarias was watching with a growing sense of anxiety, not knowing what to do to prevent his father’s hurt. 
“Very well then, I gave you your chance!” Matriaca called out, and then thrust the black rod in the direction of the advancing Prophet. As he did so, large shafts of powerful light, not unlike lightening itself, began to blast the ground where Nathan walked and people screamed out in sudden dread, fearing injury themselves. 
The bolts blasted the earth, throwing up clouds of dust and rock in all directions! Azarias cried out with a loud voice, “nooooooooooo! Stop! What have you done?” His heart beat like thunder in his chest as he quickly made his way off the stone porch, his eyes searching the place where his father had been as panic and grief began to afflict his soul!
Yet, as he looked on, and the dust began to settle, he saw his father, untouched, still making his way up toward the platform, continuing the same determined pace! 
Azarias himself moved into the open space between his father and Matriaca, and fell onto his knees, his mind wracked in deep confusion though relieved that his father was not harmed. 
When Matriaca realized that his assault had been ineffectual, true feelings of fearfulness began to stir within him. Quickly he lifted his arms and cried out, his words were now spoken, at least partly, in a very strange tongue. “O mighty One . . . Contra, bab rentacious! Let the fires fall!”
As he spoke these words, instantly, a large column of fire ignited, coming forth from the invisible world, and twisted itself into the form of a whirlwind! Mighty flames leapt forth from its body and seared the earth all around as it descended to envelope Nathan. the Hebrew Prophet,entirely! As the multitude looked on the funnel of fire expanded upon the earth and roared and crackled with great intensity. Gasps and cries from the crowd now gathered about filled the air and many were certain that the Prophet was most surely destroyed by the consuming flames of the fire! 
Yet, in a short time the fire was exhausted and, when it disintegrated, as before, the man of Bethel continued to walk in the direction of the false Prophet, his face set like flint, and his body having suffered no harm! 
When Azarias saw this, his face fell into his hands and he wept and cried out. “What have I done? What have I done?”
Matriaca now stepped off the porch and began to walk toward Nathan, the ominous rod held high in his hands as if he intended to bring it down upon the Prophet’s head and body! 
Close by, where the two were about to meet, Azarias was bowed upon the ground! He rose up quickly, stepping back one or two paces, and watched the events unfolding before him with wrenching alarm and, at the same time, unspeakable amazement!
As Matriaca came near the Prophet, he began to call out with a bitter voice. However, the very texture and tone of his words changed to that of a high pitched and incredibly harsh, gravelly sound! At this time it was as if another had possessed his body and now spoke instead of Matriaca. “You cannot stop me! You will never stop me! You cannot oppose the will of the spirits. You must die!” The wizard appeared nearly crazed and, as he swung the rod menacingly above his head, he began to scream. “You must die! You musttttttttt DIE!” 
With that he thrust his body forward to bring down the rod upon Nathan but, as he did so, the man of God lifted his hands with his fingers spread. “By the Holy God of Israel I defy you!” With those words he directed his outstretched hand toward Matriaca’s staff and it began to turn white with decay and quickly crumble to the ground like sand poured from a jar! As Nathan moved his hand downward in the direction of the wizard, the same white decay began to encroach upon the skin of the man’s hands. 
In horrid alarm, Matriaca dropped what remained of his staff and looked at his leprous hands with an insane glare in his eyes. Slowly the abhorrent malady crept up his arms, leaving them as white as snow, and then advanced until it appeared above the collar of his robe! There it still continued to emerge, and soon his neck and face were covered with nothing but rotting flesh. 
His hands came up to cover his face and he screamed out in sore distress and fell to the ground, and, as he was writhing in agony, he implored the Prophet of Bethel to take the curse away! The voice of Matriaca had returned as he spoke pleadingly. “Please call upon your God! I beg you, use your power to take this hideous affliction away from me! I have vast amounts of gold! You may have all of it. I see now that you have much power with your God. Please just restore my flesh! I beg you!”
Nathan, along with a stunned Azarias at his side, stood above him, looking down to watch the man twisting in pain upon the earth.
When Nathan did not answer him, in his desperation he crawled up and took hold of his robe and slowly pulled his body up to a begging position, digging his fingers into its folds deeply and there he began to plead piteously. As he turned his face up Azarias grew sick. Little was there except bone covered with a pale, white rotting flesh! The eyes of the once proud wizard looked as if they would soon roll free of their sockets, and his skin was covered with lesions, many of which oozed blood and pus. His lips were a dark grey-blue and were cracked and bleeding as well. The face of the once appealing young wizard was now so grotesque that Azarias was forced, for long moments, to turn his eyes away.
“Please! Just help me! I will never again do such things. I swear to you! Please, I beg you, call upon your God! Use your power! Help me!” The man’s words were so slurred by the fact that even his tongue was now affected by the disease that his pleading became exceedingly hard to understand.
At last Nathan spoke. “You will never give up the wickedness of your ways for it is now a part of you. But, go back to the land of your fathers and tell them that there reigns a God in Israel unlike any God, and, if you declare His name, this malady will never again come upon you. But, if you fail, as surely as the Lord God lives, it shall come upon your body once again until it devours you!” With that spoken, Nathan reached the tip of his staff down to touch the man’s face and, when he did so, the leprous condition began to recede. The dreadful malady fell away from his body as if he was shedding a skin and, in a short time, the wizard stood before them completely healed. 
Azarias was amazed! 
Nathan pointed the end of his staff toward the northern hills, using it to motion at the dejected man. Without hesitation, Matriaca the Wizard, citizen of Damascus, began to move with great haste, almost running, as he set his face toward the mountains and departed, never so much as glancing back!
**********
Intense lamenting filled the air as David and the elders moved slowly up the streets of Jerusalem, their steps taking them to the tent of Moses, tabernacle of the Lord. 
Suddenly, breaking over the top of the hill, on the road which the group traveled, a runner appeared coming toward them in an exhausted gait, apparently wishing to speak to the King. 
The messenger was a young man and, as he approached them, it was plain to see that his body was extremely fatigued. Some twenty or so paces away the man halted, remaining at a distance from David and the elders, his hands upon his knees, his head hanging down low. He was breathing hard! When the youth lifted his face it was to present a most frightening sight! As they came nearer and looked upon him, the people saw a truly disturbing-looking face with skin as pale as death! Trembling hands, which had turned nearly black, reached out to frantically motion the King and his followers to come no closer! His body shook incessantly, even his legs. Bloody eyes peered out from the sockets of his face and his lips were a ghastly blue. It was difficult for him to speak and he gasped for breath as he did so. At last, after struggling to summon the last of his strength, he lifted his voice and cried out with a piteous voice.
“SIRE . . . IT IS THE PLAGUE!”
After speaking thus, the youth was forced to rest a moment longer before continuing. “Please, my Lord, come no closer lest this same evil come upon the King! Only hear my words.” The labor of his breathing was very apparent to all as the young herald stood up a bit taller, struggling to speak. “I have come from Gibeah, where the runners of Israel are appointed to meet. From one end of our kingdom to the other the land is torn apart with death and disease. Hundreds of thousands are caught fast in the throes of agony as a result of this creeping plague. But, worse yet, and I regret that I must inform you, my Lord, but thousands upon thousands are now dead!”
David had stopped in his tracks when he first laid eyes upon the doomed messenger. He had turned slightly about, lifting his hand, indicating that they all should halt and listen to the youth speak. 
“My Lord the King,” the youth continued, choking out his words as he stumbled and fell to one knee, “it is a bitter day for Israel! Hide yourself, lest you too be consumed!” With these final words spoken, before their eyes, the young man collapsed to the earth . . . dead!
There was an outburst of reaction from the crowd as the King slowly walked a step or two further to look down, almost in unbelief, at the face of the youth that lay upon the ground. His mind required time to absorb all that had happened and the gravity of the message which the runner had just delivered left his mind reeling in unbelief! “Thousands upon thousands are already dead,” he softly reiterated to himself. As he turned back to the elders, it was with an ashen face and the expression upon it was that of total bewilderment! 
David was shaken to the roots of his being; there in the midst of the roadway, he slowly crumbled down to the earth, groaning in anguish at the messenger’s words! Now the full impact of what was happening in Israel was becoming clear to his mind. A plague! The plague that he had chosen! Trembling with emotion, David’s hands reached out and grasped fistfuls of dirt and he lifted it up high, letting the dust fall upon his own head, while tears began to run freely down his face! Just watching the young man die so horribly before his eyes was bad enough, but the message he had delivered was grievous beyond imagination!
For some long moments he wept silently as his mind struggled to grasp the immensity of the situation. Kneeling there, weeping, a great and horrid fear began to grip his soul as he questioned how many yet would die and what would happen to the nation of Israel itself! The question loomed heavily over his mind. Had he chosen the wrong punishment? Would all of Israel perish this day, and that because of him?
With a desperate feeling of sorrow and turmoil, the King lifted his voice and cried out mightily, giving way to tremendous outpourings of wretched grief! “Oh God I call upon you! Has the mercy of the Lord God dried up forever? Will You devour a nation for the wicked deed of one man? Do my tears mean nothing to You? Hear my voice, oh God! Do not turn away! Remember the one who has loved Your statutes more than life! Hear my cry! Let it fall upon the ears of mercy, O God!”
There, in the midst of the street, while those standing about looked upon him, David groaned out his agonizing words for all to hear. While still upon his knees his hands reached high into the heavens as he lifted more dirt, letting it once again fall upon his head and face, and he wept sore! His eyes, so full of agony, seemed as if they searched the skies for the face of a merciful God. Then his face fell downward again and he pulled his arms back to wrap them tightly around his own chest. Visibly his whole body writhed in unutterable torment while he rocked back and forth as one who could not contain the greatness of their sorrow! Here he remained for a very long while. sobbing quietly with his face just above the earth, hot tears falling into the dust. 
At last David again lifted his face and looked at all those around him, his eyes filled with the insanity of grief, searching as if he waited for one person to aid him, wishing so desperately within his heart that someone could tell him now, this very moment, that things were not as bad as they seemed, that somehow there was hope! But no one stepped forward. His mind was stricken with fear and terror. In his deepest imaginations he could see all of Israel, every man, woman, and child, in houses and in the fields, lying dead, all in one devastating blow. It would be a result of his own arrogance and sin! So great was his confusion that he wanted to flee and, yet, he knew there was no place to run, no place to hide! He struggled within, his body was sick and his strength was poured out like water, his very soul crushed! 
Then, he lifted up once more and, while shaking his arms and hands into the heavens, and with a heart filled with confusion he cried out yet again. “Why has your hand fallen upon us so heavily? Where is the rectitude of the Lord God of Abraham and Jacob? Today you have forsaken righteousness, O God. I beg You, remember the days of Your mercy. Withdraw the hand that afflicts without pity!” Then the King’s words broke and he could speak no more for that moment. He sobbed again deeply before continuing a few more utterances, heavy, broken, disjoined, as they struggled free of his crushed and shattered soul. “Your servant David . . . lays . . . his life out before you. Smite me . . . with boils . . . with pain . . . with broken bones, O God . . . and torn flesh, but do not forget . . . pleaseeeee . . . do not forget . . . your people . . . Israel!” 
After praying thus, he let his whole body fall down to the earth, as he wept and all those with him wept also, and wailed loudly, for they understood that an immeasurable evil, a calamity like none before, was now being visited upon Israel! 
But, at that moment, as the King lay there suffering the deepest imaginable throes of grief, weeping, he felt a gentle hand being placed upon his shoulder. “Arise, David! There is much that you must accomplish to save your people Israel. If you fail now, a nation will be forever swallowed up, and Israel will be remembered no more!”
When the King turned his face upward, it was to look upon the face of the Prophet Gad. 
“Tell me,” David spoke with despairing grief as he slowly arose from the ground, looking up, his face wet with tears. “Tell me, O man of God, that the anger of the Lord God can somehow be averted.” And he continued to groan and weep bitterly as he spoke the words.
Gad’s eyes were piercing as he looked ever so deeply into those of the King. His voice was gentle, yet he spoke firmly. “The anger of the Lord can be stayed, Sire.” 
Then the Prophet turned aside, and after looking up into the heavens he called upon God; “Open the eyes of the King and those that are with him, O Lord God, that they might see and understand what truly takes place this day!”
At that very moment David’s eyes were opened and he beheld a mighty angel of immense size standing between heaven and earth. And the glorious Cherubim that he looked upon had a great, glimmering sword drawn from its golden sheath! Where the angel stood was the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite! 
The being was truly fearful to look upon and, for a moment, David was overwhelmed at the massive appearance of the Angel, so much so, that he trembled exceedingly for the creature stood taller than the trees and higher than the mountains surrounding Jerusalem!
Then Gad spoke to David again. “Do not fear, Sire, for this is the angel of the Lord and he will do you no harm. Yet you must be very careful to hear every word which I, Gad, the servant of the Most High God, now speak unto you. The great angel that you now perceive, standing above Jerusalem, with its sword drawn, is the angel of God’s wrath. Concerning that, I must tell you things which will sound mysterious and things hard for you to understand. Yet, I must speak them to you alone and you must hear me.”
“The calamity you see this day, being visited upon Israel, is not a result of your sin of counting the people, but, instead it comes upon all of Israel for the great rebellion of Hebron nearly ten years ago! Your sin, Sire, is, in comparison, as a summer breeze is to the roar of a cyclone, if any sin can be, it is insignificant! Yet, the Lord God has chosen to substitute the great iniquities of Israel for your sin, and impute them unto you, so that it is as if you, yourself, committed those evils. These things, to a large degree, shall remain a mystery, hidden in the mind of God until a time that is predicted shall arrive. On that day, God, Himself, shall provide a substitute who shall bear the sins of all men. On that day, and in this very same place, the wrath of God shall, once again, hang over this place with drawn sword, and the true substitute shall be, once and for all, offered up to God for the iniquities of a much greater subversion, that is, the rebellion of man! These things are given as signs unto Israel.”
“Yet now, in order for this plague to be stayed, you, Sire, and you alone, must intercede for Israel, for the Lord God will heed the voice of no other man! Our God waits to see if your heart still holds Israel with the same love with which you held her when you were a youth in the open fields of Bethlehem! If you do not, and should your intercession fail, then this very day shall see the end of Israel and her place shall be forever removed from under the heavens, and the things which I have spoken will not come to pass.” 
“However, if your heart still beats with the deepest of affection for this people, then build an altar and offer sacrifice, for the Lord God will surely hear the words of intercession which fall from the lips of the King, and it will be as if you, Sire, have offered your own self as ransom for the sins of the people!”
“This altar must be built upon the land of a foreigner and it must be built of pure wood. Now. hear me well, Sire. If you wish to blot out the sin of Israel, then you must buy the threshing floor from Araunah the Jebusite. For this place is holy and ordained from ancient times for a great purpose and on its sacred earth the Lord God will, one day, cause His eternal temple to be built, for there will Messiah rule the earth forever!” 
“Today you must consecrate this hallowed place to the Lord God and He shall confirm it with His own fire, but only at your bidding! And thus shall the people be brought back to God. With the blood of sacrifice cleanse this place and offer to God burnt offerings first, followed by fellowship offerings, for God shall surely cleanse away the sins of the people first and then He shall, once again, abide with them. Yet, all that I have spoken unto you will be dependent upon your own heart and the love you have for your people!” 
When Gad was finished speaking, David stood looking down at the earth in wonderment. Yet when he looked up, the Prophet had disappeared among the crowd. He was gone. 
At that very time Araunah the Jebusite was upon the great threshing floor which was set upon the top of the hill above them, overlooking Jerusalem. There he stood, looking at the great angel with its sword drawn and hanging over the city and a great fear rested upon him! Not only did he readily sell the threshing floor to David, but he also provided him with many wooden ox yoke, which he could use to burn upon the altar. 
Now the threshing floor of Araunah was a magnificent floor. It had been built there many years before, and was one of the largest ever constructed. People came from all parts of the land to use it because it was located high on the crest of the hill where it caught the perfect amount of wind for threshing wheat. If a threshing floor was built too high upon the mountain top, it received too much wind, and the valleys, of course, received too little. Therefore, in this place, where the wind had, for so many years, separated the wheat from the chaff, David would build his altar. The floor, itself, sat like an enormous court, round and flat, and the stones which made up its floor had been placed to perfection and were kept smooth so that the wheat could glide over them easily. Truly, it was a perfect place for the altar that Gad commanded David to build. 
**********
From a high window overlooking the city, there stood a young man dressed in the attire of royalty and he looked down upon these scenes as they unfolded before his eyes. His clothes were of a deep blue and reflected the princely station that was his. His fingers gripped the ledge of the windows tightly.
Solomon was now in his late twenties and wise beyond his years. There was no confusion in his mind. All was clear. He understood the cause of the calamity of this day and he would never forget its lesson. 
Moreover, Solomon also saw the great Cherubim with its drawn sword, and understood, more than anyone, its deepest meaning. He knew what his father must do, and he knew why! 
As he leaned his body slightly outward so that his ears could plainly hear the lamenting of the people, a tear ran down his face and he bowed his head to God! 
 **********
As David strove to build the altar according to the words of Gad the Prophet, a great war was taking place in the heavens above, though his eyes had not the power to perceive it! The skies immediately above the King, for the most part, were their normal blue with only a few mingling clouds. But, in the unseen realm it was very different. In that domain, which was also above the place where David and the elders worked, the atmosphere was cloudy and filled with a deep, grey mist! Behind and beyond the grey mist the sky glowed a reddish orange and cast its hue upon all things. 
The blazing light of Lanten-Spears was nearly constant and they, too, added a bluish cast to the red hue and the grey mist, giving this world a mingling of pale colors that appeared exceedingly bleak.
Myriads of both evil and good spirits now strove with one another! Between heaven and earth, an enormous struggle had begun to take place, and had now escalated to a feverish pitch! Every Sabari in existence was called to the fray! The sword of the mighty Cherubim remained drawn, allowing Dakababus and his minions to continue to reap the dead. 
The King on earth humbly, but fervently, rushed to gather up stones and wood and cattle; also, he ordered that one lamb, one spotless and perfect lamb, be brought to the altar with haste. With the help of Levite priests, he began placing everything into its proper form. Yet, at that same moment, another great event was happening in the unseen regions above them. Neither David, nor the elders, nor even a Prophet would have been able to apprehend it, for it was hidden from all of those that dwell upon the earth. Yet, it was a horrendous thing which was now occurring! 
With a powerful, crackling noise from far up in the heavens, a ripping and tearing disruption began! The event had a piercing volume that grew rapidly louder, and sounded as if the very substance of the universe was being torn asunder! The deafening sound filled the heavens above the Cherubim, which held the great sword of death. It was an immense tearing of the very essence and structure of the heavens where, at that very moment, a fracture, which had begun small, grew very quickly until it burst open, gapping wide, spreading apart the celestial fabric as a great clawed manus rent the barriers separating the realms, splitting them like a tear in a sheet, to expose the appalling . . . Satanic eye! 
Etched out in blood red, its burning center, like an ember of muddy yellow, peered through the open rend, surrounded with black, and radiating a minacious power! From one point to another, the disgusting eye rolled, back and forth, up and down, trying, with intense effort, to see all that was happening. It was truly a horrid appearing thing to all who looked upon it!
As the claws pulled the rend further apart, the entire face of Lucifer began to appear, looking so indescribably appalling that even many Cherubim were forced to look away for long moments. The image was utterly enormous and it filled a great part of the heavens above with its insalubrious and revolting appearance!
This mighty and enormous tear, this indescribable rend of the very fabric of the worlds, ran at great length in a vertical direction from slightly above the earth to nearly the height of the visible heavens! The skies about the outside of this immense split remained a fiery red, but in contrast, inside of the rend, at least behind the head of Ha-Satan, the backdrop was a deep, muddy green. 
Also, out of this environment, and through the laceration itself, came a billowing, thick, greenish smoke into the realm where Cherubim and Sabari struggled and, with it, an innumerable host of flying black spirits. As if they had been freed from a trap, they flew, like buzzards, circling and sweeping down into the domain of warfare!
In the next moment, accompanied with his bellowing and piercing howls of rage, Ha-Satan, still using his claws, wrenched the tear even wider apart until he was able to step through, and his entire being stood present in the world of warring spirits! 
The head of the revolting creature, round, except for slight nodes at the side, was obscenely disgusting to look upon and exhibited a truly incomprehensible profundity of ugliness! Stretched over the bony skull was a skin of crusty black, which appeared loathsome and projected a grotesqueness that could not be defined or measured! His mouth was wide and extended from his head with a long, jutted out jaw, that was full of black bones instead of teeth which protruded in all directions, and these too looked unimaginably hideous! 
When Lucifer realized that an altar was being built he threw his body back and screamed into the vast horizons, while shaking his head in a wild frenzy of insanity! Then, turning to Dakababus, he viciously cursed him and railed upon him, demanding that he complete his wicked and murderous work before the altar was constructed! 
Though no human ear could hear his raving, nor see his person, the realm of spirits was greatly affected by the terror it imposed! His words ripped through heaven and earth as he screamed out in enraged and violent fury, his blasphemous intentions. “Crush and devour the people! Tear away the flesh from the bones of every child of Jacob! Do not leave so much as a twitching muscle or one unbroken bone!” 
Then, as if he could not continue without first spewing forth more screams of violent madness, he threw his head even further back, almost as if aiming his outrage at God, Himself, and let loose a burst of abominable and vile curses! After this his head quickly returned upright and he continued his outbursts rapidly, howling so furiously that it seemed to rattle the universe! “Devastate every tribe and every clan! Lay the land waste in utter decimation without hint or trace of anything remaining of Israel! Let the earth soak up their blood, never to whisper again of the existence of the Hebrew children! No Israel . . . no temple . . . no Messiah . . . . Crush all hope down to the ground! Death . . . death . . . death . . . to Israel and death to MESSIAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”
On he roared while shaking his head and arms into the air with untiring rage! Then, appearing at the left of the abhorrent Ha-Satan, was the beastly figure, Tarkan; he came on the scene as a massive dragon, swinging his weighty arms and claws, sweeping away hosts of Cherubim with each swipe. He stomped his way into the waves of angelic ranks and seemingly crushed and devoured masses of them as he progressed. At first the massive creature only fought with his body, but, in only a short while, he began to do something much differently than any Cherubim had ever witnessed or encountered, the reason for that being that Lucifer had only now given the brute this new power of monstrous devastation. Spewing forth from his mouth he breathed a gaseous vapor of near-liquid form, a black, noxious substance, which fell upon the ranks of white spirits and enwrapped them as with a web of torment. Once entangled, they could only struggle in seeming agony for long periods of time! Vast numbers were being quashed and crippled nearly instantaneously and left writhing in enormous pain! The ghastly beast swept through their ranks in a wild, fighting craze of furious assault! As multitudes of Sabari gathered up with him it seemed as if it was almost possible for them to utterly annihilate the celestial ranks! 
Moreover, the slinking Raiba, his tall, slimy figure, putrid and foul beyond words, was also appearing at one place and then another. While his mid form was thick and serpent-like, he also possessed legs with great cloven hooves and claws that were much like his animal-like upper limbs, having gnarled and claw-like hands. Great powers of mirage and illusion were given to him by the Satan. He created the images of throngs of Sabari where there were none. Arms of blue flame were projected into the Cherubim ranks and he made the heavens appear red with fire. He caused an illusion of massive, descending stars of crushing size, along with enormous storms of falling black rock and stone! It was as if the cosmos was rupturing and dissolving around them!
Not only was he able to create great confusion in the ranks of the Cherubim, but he could also cast a sense of dread upon them which was so powerful that it caused even their bravest to flinch and draw back, at least momentarily. All of this permitted Dakababus to continue his heinous, murderous march of death through the entire land of Israel! And that . . . he continued to do unobstructed!
Now the day began to pass by and, with every hour that transpired, so great was the merciless barrage and onslaught that the Hebrew nation was threatened with utter ruination! As far as the mind could perceive and the eyes could see, the heavens were ablaze with a holocaust of war! 
Hardly has there been a battle with such breadth of struggle! Already an innumerable count of the blessed Cherubim lay incapacitated, torn and mangled, a result of the endless assaults upon them by the black spirits! The tormenting assault of Tarkan and his numberless ranks, along with the devious works of Raiba, were taking a great toll. And there were also the never ending legions of Sabari with their poisonous extruding stingers! Like waves of the ocean the enemy continued to advance! If ever hope in the heavens looked dismal, it was now!
All the while, Dakababus and his minions, dispensing torment from the odious, black vials they carried, continued inflicting masses with the abominable pestilence of its death-reaping plague! Soldiers upon their horses, from one end of Israel to the other, were falling to the earth in huge numbers, their faces contorted in the final agonies of death! The mighty and the weak, the rich and the poor, the great and the small! In fields, in houses, and along the roads, in the city and in the country alike, the cry of death rang out its pernicious peals of grief! All grappled with the scourge of an invisible force, the bearer of death, the plague! 
Cries of terror and anguish filled the land! The heavens were hung in black, as sorrow visited Israel from Asher to Simeon. There was no hiding, no one escaped! And, so long as that one mighty angel stood with the sword of wrath outstretched, it would continue! All rested upon this stupendous symbol of God’s unappeased anger! And his fiery Cherubim waited for the word of God who, in turn, waited only for the interceding voice of David the King! 
**********
There was a moment of intense hesitation as the wicked spirits of darkness observed the Holy man of Bethel, dressed in a black cloak and carrying his staff, making his way into Jerusalem! They knew his presence could surely jeopardize their plans.
The man of God had hardly entered the gates but what his eyes fell upon this same prodigious creature standing above the city with a gleaming sword withdrawn. Nathan halted and stood, petrified with amazement, as he soaked in the nearly unfathomable measure of the momentous figure standing over Jerusalem! 
The creature appeared so massive and tall that the Prophet, though he yet stood a great ways off, could hardly ascertain the appearance of its head, as it was shrouded with the mist and vapors of the highest clouds. The robes of the illustrious being were a deep, shining blue, vibrant like the cerulean of sapphire, as if the very garments possessed life and energy of their own! 
The enormous hands, the hands that now held the sword of vengeance, were absolutely dazzling and stunning to look upon! Whiter than the purest snows of Lebanon, and they clasped the blazing sword held out over Israel. 
The long, yellow hair of the Cherubim blew nearly straight away from behind him, and his eyes appeared as great, burning stars, each shining like the sun in its brightness.
Profoundly solemn was the visage of his face! 
Just then, as a large body of broken clouds passed out of the way, Nathan saw these words inscribed upon the side of the blade of the great sword, The Sword of Vengeance.
Instantly Nathan understood that this was the angel of vengeance sent from God, though, at this moment, he did not comprehend all the other things taking place. However, within his spirit the Prophet knew that he must quickly make his way to the King, for there he suspected, all would be revealed!
Just as he began to take his first steps up the street that would lead him to the threshing floor where David was hurriedly constructing the altar, a great heaviness fell upon his body and he found it almost impossible to take more steps. There was good reason for it. When Ha-Satan witnessed the Prophet’s coming into the city, he screamed out, almost as if in panic, and began to shake his arms vigorously, attempting to gain the attention of any one of his more powerful Sabari. Just outside the city there stood an extremely fiendish entity who bore the name Kardraka. He was the first appointed subordinate to Dakababus and he was known for his excessive depravity and incomprehensible vileness. His head had the appearance of a serpent and, though his body was large like the others, it looked black and scaly and this creature, in particular, appeared exceedingly slimy! He also held one of the enormous, shady and mystical appearing black vials within the claws of one of his cumbersome hands. 
This bizarre-appearing object was rather large, yet vaporous in appearance, with a long, black, slender neck stemming up from a rounded jar, which also seemed as if it lacked true substance, vaporous, and unreal! And though it kept its form, it, nevertheless, had the appearance of a reflection on water being stirred by the wind, at some instances becoming nearly transparent and hardly having substance at all. 
The vial was made to sit upon a flat, rounded bottom plate, much as a cup sits in a saucer, yet, plainly, the two were made as one. Rising from the edges of this flat bottom plate were two sculptured arms with hands that came up to wrap their gnarly fingers around the neck of the vial. These plainly served as handles with which to hold the evil container steady when pouring out its contents. All appeared to be of one piece. Atop the neck was a very tiny lip or spout. From here came the evil drops of the malevolent potion. Upon the side of the black vial were inscribed letters that spelled the word, Ramakus, or The Curse! 
Therefore, the description of a shade or shadow was all that could be ascribed to this object that appeared nearly unreal at times, and could only be handled by select and truly evil creatures, chosen by Dakababus himself! Kardraka was just such a beast!

Ha-Satan motioned for the demon to fall upon the Prophet and inflict him with the substance of his vial. Kardraka instantly spread his wings, lifting himself high into the skies to search for the man who had now apparently became a major threat to Lucifer’s designs. The Satan had also beckoned a great multitude of Sabari, which were already gathered up around the Prophet and were combining their powers in opposing his progress in coming to the altar. All of these black spirits, including Ha-Satan, understood that somehow the sacred altar was the great focus and that its completion would signal an end to the devastation being reeked upon the people of Israel by the plague. 
A vast number of Cherubim also responded to the scene and a tremendous struggle now ensued in the proximity between Nathan and the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite. So great was the concentration of evil in this one place that Nathan was sorely affected. His body felt weak and drained of power, and his limbs seemed to fail him completely. That which was happening around him, though unseen, even by his Prophet’s eyes, was rendering him weak and leaving him in nearly a helpless state. There he stood with the Prophet’s rod in hand but unable to move. 
In only a moment Kardraka swept down upon the unsuspecting man, ready to afflict him with the contents of the horrible vial! Holding it now with both hands by its handles, he tilted it just above the man of God and readied himself to pour the right amount which would drop down into his soul as the poison of death! 
However, just then, with a burst of white light, the Cherubim warrior, Zenmarria, intervened, but not before a drop from the vial had fallen and Nathan, the servant of God, crumbled to the earth in deep and agonizing pain!
As the Prophet lay there, Zenmarria spoke the words and his eyes were opened to see the conflict that was taking place above him. For long moments all things were opened up to his vision, and he gazed upon a myriad of spirits in a deadly struggle, Zenmarria and Kardraka being at the fore!
Kardraka screeched out a great curse, and instantly engaged Zenmarria in a literal hand to hand struggle. As the Prophet looked on, the two enormous creatures wrestled in a violent struggle for supremacy, their bodies both lifting high into the air to come crashing back down to the earth. Ceaseless screams and strange incantations spewed from the mouth of Kardraka as powerful annunciations came forth from the lips of the glorious white spirit, Zenmarria! 
For a great while they struggled, inflicting unspeakable injury upon one another. A wide expanse was made by the other spirits as they gave way for the two mighty beings to engage in deadly conflict! At last Zenmarria began to get the upper hand of the evil creature and, after a very long struggle, he took the contemptible beast in his hands by the neck, and flung him down to the earth, at which point the Cherubim began to crush him down into the dirt without mercy. Over and over he assaulted him with his own mass and then with the Lanten-Spear! At last, the black creature lay motionless upon the ground not to rise again, at least in this battle! 
At that point a vast number of white spirits formed a line on both sides of the way leading up to the threshing floor, intending to protect the Prophet if he was able to renew his efforts to meet the King at the altar! Yet, Nathan’s body was already racked with the effects of the plague. His skin had turned pale and saliva dripped from his mouth in abundance. Bent over with pain, he now held his own arms around his body as it began to convulse with uncontrollable spasms. The Prophet was grappling with death itself, and though he fought hard, without intervention he would soon lose the battle! 
Zenmarria flew to his side and, once there, laid his great hand upon the Prophet’s body which covered him completely. “You are instantly healed by the power of the Lord God Almighty!’ With those words spoken Nathan slumped over like a dead man, yet he did breathe. Zenmarria then touched him once again and spoke these words. “Receive my strength!”
Suddenly it was as if Nathan had been infused with tremendous power and life. Great strength coursed through his body and he quickly arose back upon his feet as if he had never been afflicted. He looked upon Zenmarria with great astonishment!
“God has preserved your life, Nathan, greatly beloved of the Lord and this is the message He sends to you. Because Israel was stiff necked and refused to consider their ways I have brought this calamity upon them. I have brought down this evil upon the house of Israel because of the way they treated my anointed King, the man after my own heart. For seven days he was forced to flee to the wilderness and for each day I will require ten thousand souls out of Israel. And further, I will only halt at that number, if my servant David chooses to intercede for the people.” 
“My people have not paused to consider the evil of that day, the day they turned to struggle against the Lord God Himself! On that day they treated My decrees like filthy rags to be thrown aside and tread upon. On that day, it was as if there was no God in Israel and the blessings wherein I blessed them were thrown over their shoulder in obnoxiousness. And on that day, concerning my servant David, whom I raised up, and by whose hand I delivered them from all their enemies, until the land was so quiet that the dove could sing in the deep wood and yet be heard, they turned viciously against him, the shepherd of Bethlehem, and their teeth were like that of wolves, who search the wilderness with greedy hunger.”
“As my servant David, himself, spoke, seeing that day before him in visions,

‘Dogs surround me,
a pack of villains encircles me;’”

“They pursued him into the wilderness. Nor did they repent of this thing before me though I have been long suffering in my anticipation!” 
“So I have decreed this against Israel. Because they have not sought out the matter, then will it remain in secret until the stars have burned out and fallen from heaven. This is the word of the Lord God Almighty!”
“These are the words which the Lord your God sends to you Nathan of the house of Dirytica! They are sent forth that you might understand the purpose for all that transpires this day!”
Nathan stood somewhat stunned by the words of the great Cherubim, yet he had little time to consider their deepest meaning, for already Zenmarria was speaking again. 
“Now, I bid you, go to David, for he is in need of you!” Suddenly, without any more being spoken, Zenmarria was gone. Nathan turned and began to climb the hill that would take him to David’s altar!
**********
At this same time David was laboring diligently to set up the altar. He, himself, had lifted the great wooden yoke upon his own shoulders to carry it to the place of sacrifice. At last it was finished and the sacrifice was laid upon the wood according to the laws of Moses. Upon the stones was laid the wood. High atop the wood lay a spotless white lamb, whose heart had been pierced and red blood flowed out upon its body. All was prepared for the fire that would come down out of heaven!
Just at its completion Nathan came upon the hill and David came and stood before him. “Nathan, my heart is sore distressed and I am confused concerning all that is taking place today. Yet, I know that this sacrifice must be offered or this evil plague which destroys our land will not be stopped. When Gad the Prophet told me to build this altar, he said that God would confirm my forgiveness and the pardon of the people, with fire. Yet, the wood is here, and a lamb for sacrifice, but I am afraid to kindle the fire for the Prophet implied that it should not be performed with human hands.”
Nathan placed his hand upon the arm of his friend and spoke. “Sire, do you love the people? Do you forgive them for the great rebellion at Hebron?”
David paused a long moment before answering. He looked soberly into the face of the Prophet as he formed the words. “As sure as there is a God in heaven that knows the thoughts of all men. My heart and the heart of this people are one. My soul is knit with the soul of Israel. Let this same evil come upon me and even worse if I do not speak the truth!”
As the Prophet looked at the face of the one who spoke these words, he was deeply moved by the expression of earnestness he now gazed upon. He knew the King would give his very life for the people this day if that was demanded. 
“Then you, Sire . . . you must pray and intercede for the people. For it is ordained that, in this way, you shall be the savior of your people and when you have done so, the plague shall cease in the land, indeed, this curse which has ravaged the land, shall be no more! Then the Lord God will send the fire! For it shall be a sacred fire and shall consecrate this Holy place for all time!”
David, whose heart was still sorely distressed by all the death surrounding him, looked at the Prophet with a look of almost unbelief. “How can this be, for by my sin have we come to this day of calamity! Surely my prayers would be hollow and unworthy!
“Call upon the name of the Lord, Sire, and He shall send down fire and consume the sacrifice which David has laid before him. With your own lips pray for the forgiveness of Israel and God will hear your plea!”
With these words of the Prophet, the King turned and walked up near the altar and with a spirit of deep contrition, lifted his hands and voice to God. “By the word of your Prophets I stand before You Almighty God with a sense of great fear! Yet, I know that this place is eternally sacred, and that the mind of God has chosen to hallow it this day by the willing hands of His servant David. If it please you, O God, who made the heavens and the earth, remember your mercy and bow low to kindle a fire here that shall consecrate this place until Messiah is seated upon his throne and rules the earth with everlasting peace. Blot out forever the transgressions of your people, Israel! With my life and all that is precious to me, I plead, forgive my sin as well and purge us of all evil this day!”
“Now by Your command, let fire fall and consume the sacrifice which I have laid out before you!”
At that moment there was a great roar in heaven, and it was as if the skies all burst into burning flames. Two great Cherubim descended and stood on each end of the altar. Their wings overshadowed it and their tips touched. The one called out with a loud voice, The Place of Atonement. and the other cried out following the first, a great declaration! “This shall be The Place of Consummation for here shall be the uniting of the Spirit of the Lord God with the spirit of the children of men! It is Holy!” 
As they called out, the fires in the heavens began to turn as a whirlwind and soon they began to funnel downward until their flaming tip fell upon the altar and its sacrifice, the pure white lamb! All that was there became encompassed within the fire, including the glorious Cherubim who continued to stand amid the flame with wings outstretched on each end of the altar. For a long while the fires burned! As time went on, however, the sacrifice was consumed until there was nothing left except the stones which lie beneath, and the flame upon the altar, and that within the heavens began to fade away until at last it was gone! 
David the King, and Nathan the Prophet, with all those which surrounded the great floor, looked on with great astonishment, so much so that, for a long, while no man could speak. 
In the heavens above them there was a sudden movement, and in the presence of them all, the great Cherubim slowly began to withdrawn his sword. The mighty being stood up straight and aimed the tip of the blade at the entrance of its sheath. Quickly he drove it down into its proper place and disappeared from the sight of all those upon the earth!
**********
Lucifer, upon seeing this, began to lash out at the Cherubim, for he was still present in that realm, and called to his hordes of demons to continue to decimate the people. “Destroy the people! Destroy the hope of Messiah. Destroy all things!” He roared powerfully. 
At that time, while Ha-Satan roared in madness, Michael the mighty Archangel, appeared in the heavens. So stunning and brilliant was his appearance that, for some time, there was an absolute halt to war and this was followed by complete silence. 
Following this, Michael, the resplendent Cherubim, transformed to be manifested in his most resplendent form. His appearance was that of a magnificent creature of such gloriousness that all black spirits cringed and even the Cherubim bowed. As quickly as the ever powerful Michael appeared did Gabriel also manifest and he, too, was of a glorious appearance not unlike the Archangel! Both of them held great glimmering swords in their hands which had written on their blades. The Vengeance of the Lord!
At that same time, still another mighty being began to manifest His presence between them. Greater by far than they, His face shone as if it were the sun! At His appearance all creatures of this realm fell down, the Cherubim to worship and the Sabari to quake in fear! With a voice like the moving and tumbling of great waters this mighty being began to speak! “Let all devastation cease! The punishment of Israel is fulfilled! All things concerning the transgression of Israel are at an end!”
When Michael, the Archangel, and Gabriel, the messenger of God, heard these words, they both flew together, and, after crying out a great commandment they turned and opened up the gates to Sheol, and the mouth of the Blue Chasm yawned wide!
Michael, the mighty leader of the Cherubim, began to call out to the north and south and west and east, from which regions a great mysterious force began to break forth like a mighty wind. The force began to sweep away massive droves of black spirits past the gates of Sheol into the Blue Chasm, down into its deepest depth, there to be reserved in chains of darkness until the final Day!
Lucifer, when he realized what was happening to his ranks, roared and rose into the heavens sweeping away stars in his wrath. There in the midst of the heavens, in the hands of Michael the glorious Cherubim, a great chain of brass began to appear. And written upon the chain were the words, The Opposer!
Michael unfolded his mighty wings and began to pursue the great, black creature, the one called Ha-Satan. But, as he did so, the third mighty being forbid him saying, “Keep the chain in reserve, for its time is not yet. Let the wicked continue to be wicked, yet a little while. Let him deceive the nations until his evil deeds are full. Then, in the fullness of time, shall he be cast into the abyss!”
With that spoken the third being began to breathe out. And as He did so the myriad of Sabari were swept away from before Him, many joining the others of their kind in being swept into the Blue Chasm. As he breathed, the force swept Lucifer out of the heavens and he was flung and tossed toward the south like a bird on stormy winds. 
The being continued to breathe out and the Towers of Dread themselves were also crushed as if by a mighty wave and they crumbled away into utter oblivion! And the mighty creature breathed until there was only quiet peace in the realm of the spirits. Then He lifted up his voice once more. “O, you glorious Cherubim! How faithful and undaunted are you in your steadfast resolve! You are forever blessed! Continue your hallowed labor among the children of men. Spread your mighty wings about my holy Prophets! Achieve that which was ordained at the wake of the dawn of time, before the stars were hung in the heavens, even the coming of Messiah!” 
With these words spoken the mighty being disappeared!
*********
In the final count, more than seventy thousand people in Israel died of the plague. The echoes of grief would softly reverberate from one end of the land to the other for years to come. 
Yet, in those days men contemplated the fear of God! And, as a consequence, peace came to Israel once again. The struggle was not over, but a time of rest which would last for many years had begun. 
David, continuing into his old age would write his psalms and give glory to the Lord God. The hearts of the people would heal and true worship would once again be established throughout the land. 
Most importantly, in the following years, the Spirit of God would lay His hand upon the King and give unto him the plans in great detail of the glorious temple for Messiah!




Chapter Fourteen
The Age of Tranquility

For to us a child is born to us a son is given; and the government will be upon his shoulder . . . Of the increase of his government and of peace there will be no end.
Isaiah 9:6

The creature hangs remaining still
among the leaves without appeal
and none lauds its beauty till, 

Unwind, unwind one tread per time
and let me take the form sublime
unspoken world for which I'm born
the splendid frame, my truest form.

Upon the sixth hour of the sixth day of the sixth month Prince Adonijah rose up to stand upon the great Serpent Stone of En-rogel. The place was an outcrop of rock that overlooked the Kidron Valley near Jerusalem, and here Adonijah gazed out with a lofty countenance upon the multitude gathered below. 
The young Prince wore a full body tunic of glimmering white that reached to just above his knees and its hem and neckline were trimmed in a lavish imperial purple. A sash of the same royal color encircled his waist, with its two ornate ends hanging freely at his side. Black sandals adorned the young King's feet and their cords wrapped up around his bare calves to just below the knees. An exquisite necklace of large ringlets made of pure gold could be clearly observed lying closely around his neck. Long, dark hair fell loosely over the young man's shoulders, held in place by a deep headband which was white in color but its edges were etched in gold. Presently, a soft breeze caused the bottom of his tunic to flutter slightly about his lower body. The man's appearance was regal and engaging.
The people below him cried out that he was King. “Long live King Adonijah!” They shouted. 
Very close to the place where the young Prince stood was the sacred white stone of sacrifice. Upon its enormous, flat surface, in contrast to its deep white color, ran the scarlet red blood of more than a thousand sheep, cattle and fattened calves. 
The scene was formidable. The earliest rays of sunlight had just broken over the eastern mountaintops to fully illuminate a vast display of imperial pomp and dazzling celebration atop the spacious plateau itself, as well as in the valley below. 
On this day the Kidron Valley was filled with tens of thousands of the people who had all come out to crown the young Prince King over all of Israel. Above them, across the wide expanse of the stone perch, was a very prestigious and official gathering of many of the highest ranking among the Hebrew people. More than two dozen Levite priests were there, dressed very formally and wearing the customary white linen ephod, and each holding a ceremonial staff in his left hand. To the far left were stationed row upon row of some of Israel's most cerebrated military figures, warriors of renown, their perfectly matching attire glimmering in the early light. Deep red military tunics, gird by heavy belts, wrapped their loins. Each was made of leather that was dyed dark, almost black, and matched the leather breastplates that were overlaid with beaten silver. The scene was marked by celebration and great cheer with colorful banners rippling in the wind and the preparation of what promised to be a grand feast! All that was apparent were festivity and jubilation. Everything that today stretched out beneath the bright, blue, sunny heavens above looked pure and right and, because of that, it swept away innumerable souls with its deception. Yet, beneath it all, like deleterious streams beneath the earth, ran the black, foul waters of treachery and unbridled wickedness! 
Abiathar, the high priest, stood close by holding a rod that represented the sacred staff of Moses that was overlaid with gold. He was also wearing a gleaming white linen ephod with the front chest panel of embroidered red. Upon this, directly above his heart, he wore the breastplate, which had twelve stones fastened to its front, one for each tribe of Israel. At the very center of this were two pouches that held the two sacred stone of divinations, the Urim and Thummim, or the Lights of Innocence. The Thummin was an aggregated stone that stood for innocence and the Urim was a crystal that meant curse. In sacred ceremonies the High Priest let the two of them fall to the ground at his feet seven times. The one that fell four times nearest him represented the voice of God. If it was the Thummin, the accused was innocent. If it was the Urim, which glowed due to its structure, the person was cursed. 
Even now, as Abiathar stood behind the young Prince, the Urim, glowed mysteriously, though hidden deep within the porch. No one perceived it. Thus was the scene of the setting forth of a false king! 
Adonijah was as handsome and appealing as his older brother, Absalom, had ever been. Like his brother, he, too, had led many of the people astray. This was in keeping with the event foretold by the ancients, the time of the great deception. However, regardless of its pomp and impressive support, it was destined to fail quickly! Within one hour, as it were, all would crumble away, a shadow of desecration which whispered of things to come. In time Adonijah would go to his destruction! 
Fifty young men would run ahead of the chariot of the Prince, and his father, knowing that the man had become exceedingly pompous had, nevertheless, never rebuked him. As David grew older and more feeble, he paid less and less attention to these affairs and so, when his days were numbered and he lay weak upon his bed, Adonijah proclaimed himself King behind David's back. 
While it may have been a brief rebellion, it certainly was not an insignificant one. Zadok, the high Priest, Nathan, the Prophet, and the King's special guard had remained faithful to the monarchy, but few others. 
Abiathar also forsook the King. From a boy he had been with David in all his hardships and the King had been as a father to him. Yet, he joined Adonijah as well. He had been dismissed by David as High Priest when the King was inquiring of the Lord and the Urim and Thummim were silent under his administrations. The priest, Zadok, inquired concerning the same matter and received direction. Therefore, Zadok was placed alone to fulfill the work of High Priest. 
The people of Judah also gave allegiance to the Prince and, on this day, they gathered just south of the gates of Jerusalem. There, in one accord, they shouted, "Long live the king!" and Adonijah was crowned before them all. 
At that time the word of the Lord came unto Nathan the Prophet, and he came up to the palace to speak to King David. Now, in those days, the King was bedridden and could not meet Nathan as at other times, for his years were waxing long and his strength was greatly diminished. Nathan the Prophet wished to soften the blow of the news that Adonijah was rebelling just as Absalom had rebelled and, therefore, asked Bathsheba to seek audience with the King first and inform him of the affair, which she did. Even as she spoke, Nathan the Prophet, entered his chambers and confirmed her words. . . .

"But that has been many years ago!" Nathan thought to himself as he turned his mind back to the present. The Prophet was just now seated at nearly the very same location as where the treasonous Adonijah had committed this act of insurgency more than twenty years before. The fact that Nathan was about to convey to Azarias, his son, some of the history concerning that period of time, coupled with the fact that the two of them were now seated in the same area in which it took place, had caused his mind to wander back in recollections of those events. 
"You seem to be thinking far away thoughts this morning, Father. What is it that occupies your mind?" Azarias asked.
"I was just recalling things as they were before the King departed. In many ways it was a grand time and, yet, it certainly had its moments of struggle! There were times when I feared for the Kingdom and for the life of David as well. But God made it all happen just as He said it would. Everything He proclaimed has come to pass!” Nathan replied as he lifted his hand and softly rubbed his bearded chin. 
It had turned out to be a very pleasant morning. The sky was blue, and a warm breeze ever so softly breathed over the two men as they sat on the ledge looking down at the glorious temple that Solomon had only just recently completed. 
Nathan loved to come to this place. The view of the temple was extraordinary and, besides, he really was not sure how many more times his strength would allow him the privilege of looking upon it. The place where he and Azarias now sat was truly awe-inspiring in its beauty! Solomon himself had built this lavish garden in the hillside with a marvelous path paved of garnished limestone rocks winding up all the way to its stately enclosure. Located here were several benches of stone, gracefully designed, with elegantly carved backs and arms. To one side sat an enchanting pool that was overshadowed by a large, sculptured Cherubim whose wings were spread wide. The pool's deep blue, shimmering waters bubbled freely as, from higher up the hillside, a natural spring released an endless stream of waters that rushed into the pool before pouring forth into a lower fountain. From there the waters would flow on down a rock-lined ravine that carried them to the pool of bronze far below. 
An abundance of vivid red roses lined the garden on two sides and, along with these, were a profusion of lush vines that grew up vigorously to cover not only the stone walls of the garden but also a very large part of the heavy, cedar trellis that formed an arbor over the entire enclosure. 
Several other smaller fountains were also placed within the garden. Trimmed grass, carefully groomed, as well as beds of gorgeous native flowers covered the entire earth within the garden. Sparrows were presently alighting upon the top of the arbor and several white doves perched on the branches of a nearby pomegranate tree, its deep green bowers spreading wide on all sides. It was truly a lovely garden and the day itself was brilliant!
Often Azarias accompanied Nathan in his visits to this place, for these days the revered Prophet found it a great deal more challenging to maneuver the long steps than he would have at one time. Azarias, for his part, truly loved to come here and write down his father's accounts, bringing his clay tablets, wrapped in a cool wet cloth and placed deep within a large carrying bag made of soft skins, which he slung over his shoulder for the journey. He could take these out, one at a time when needed, as the damp cloth kept the clay pliable until he was ready to write upon it. 
Actually, he had taken down a large part of his father's recounting right here, overlooking the beauty of the temple below. What a breathtaking sight this sacred and glorious edifice presented - an immense structure, which had been more than ten years in the building! Perfectly quarried limestone, elegantly polished, was set within a frame of enormous cedar beams. The white stones reflected the morning sun, making it look almost radiant! Large gardens surrounded it on all sides and, in the front, the glorious bronze pool or Sea of Bronze as it was called, held up by twelve massive oxen, was suspended between heaven and earth, reflecting its own meaning for all to ponder.
Nathan was seated on one of the benches located near a shallow wall that allowed him to look out over the entire area. The temple, itself, was built on a rather high summit, yet, where he and Azarias were seated was still higher and he could view the glorious sanctuary unobstructed. He did truly love to visit this place! 
There sat the Prophet in his heavy, black cloak, the hood gathered around the back of his neck and, even now, he held his staff in his right hand, letting it rest gently against his shoulder. His hair was white as was his beard. His face reflected the many years he had served Israel as Prophet and it yet possessed a truly dignified appearance. Again the Prophet turned and looked at his son who sat close by and spoke. "Are you ready, Azarias?" 
"Yes, Father, you may begin.” With that said, Nathan began to recite the events surrounding the days that he had just been contemplating. He began slowly and Azarias scribed down each and every word carefully. 

When King David was very old, he could not keep warm even when they put covers over him. So, his attendants said to him, "Let us look for a young virgin to serve the king and take care of him. She can lie beside him so that our lord, the king, may keep warm."
Then they searched throughout Israel for a beautiful young woman and found Abishag, a Shunammite, and brought her to the king. The woman was very beautiful; she took care of the king and waited on him, but the king had no marital relations with her.
Now Adonijah, whose mother was Haggith, put himself forward and said, "I will be King."'
Adonijah conferred with Joab, son of Zeruiah and with Abiathar the Priest, and they gave him their support. But, Zadok, the Priest, Benaiah son of Jehoiada, Nathan the Prophet, Shimei and Rei and David's special guard did not join Adonijah.
Adonijah then sacrificed sheep, cattle and fattened calves at the Stone of Zoheleth near En Rogel. He invited all his brothers, the king's sons, and all the royal officials of Judah, but he did not invite Nathan, the Prophet, or Benaiah or the special guard or his brother, Solomon.
Then Nathan asked Bathsheba, Solomon's mother, "Have you not heard that Adonijah, the son of Haggith, has become king, and our lord David knows nothing about it? Now then, let me advise you how you can save your own life and the life of your son, Solomon. Go in to King David and say to him, "My Lord, the King, did you not swear to me, your servant: 'Surely Solomon, your son, shall be king after me, and he will sit on my throne?' Why, then, has Adonijah become king?' While you are still there talking to the king, I will come in and add my word to what you have said."
So, Bathsheba went to see the aged king in his room where Abishag, the Shunammite, was attending him. Bathsheba bowed down, prostrating herself before the king. "What is it you want?" the King asked. She said to him, "My lord, you yourself swore to me, your servant, by the Lord your God: 'Solomon, your son shall be king after me, and he will sit on my throne.' But now Adonijah has become king, and you, my lord the King, do not know about it. He has sacrificed great numbers of cattle, fattened calves, and sheep, and has invited all the King's sons, Abiathar the Priest and Joab, the commander of the army, but he has not invited Solomon, your servant. 
"My lord, the King, the eyes of all Israel are on you, to learn from you who will sit on the throne of my lord, the King, after him. Otherwise, as soon as my lord, the King is laid to rest with his ancestors, I and my son Solomon will be treated as criminals."
While she was still speaking with the King, Nathan the Prophet arrived. And the King was told, "Nathan the Prophet is here." So he went before the King and bowed. Nathan said, "Have you, my lord, the King, declared that Adonijah shall be king after you, and that he will sit on your throne? Today he has gone down and sacrificed great numbers of cattle, fattened calves, and sheep. He has invited all the king's sons, the commanders of the army and Abiathar the Priest. Right now they are eating and drinking with him and saying, 'Long live King Adonijah!' But I, your servant, and Zadok the Priest, and Benaiah son of Jehoiada, and your servant, Solomon, he did not invite. Is this something my lord the king has done without letting his servants know who should sit on the throne of my lord, the King after him?"
Then King David said, "Call in Bathsheba." So she came into the king's presence and stood before him. King David said, "Call in Zadok, the Priest, Nathan, the Prophet and Benaiah, son of Jehoiada.” When they came before the King, he said to them: "Take your lord's servants with you and have Solomon, my son, mount my own mule and take him down to Gihon. There have Zadok, the Priest, and Nathan, the Prophet, anoint him over Israel. Blow the trumpet and shout, 'Long live King Solomon!' Then, you are to go up with him, and he is to come and sit on my throne and reign in my place. I have appointed him ruler over Israel and Judah.” . . . So Zadok, the Priest, Nathan the Prophet, Benaiah, son of Jehoiada, the Kerethites, and the Pelethites went down and had Solomon mount King David's mule and they escorted him to Gihon. Zadok, the Priest, took the horn of oil from the sacred tent and anointed Solomon. Then they sounded the trumpet and all the people shouted, "Long live King Solomon!” And all the people went up after him, playing pipes and rejoicing greatly, so that the ground shook with the sound."

Nathan paused at this point and again he spoke to his son. "Azarias, the time of these events which I have just recounted to you was truly one of the most important periods in the history of our nation. Few understand the significance of it.” Nathan said this and then sat silently for some moments, looking out over the temple again and the shallow valley beneath it. 
"What makes you say that, Father? I don't believe that I have heard you speak of it before." Azarias looked at his father questioningly.
"Indeed, I have not, for I myself have only come to understand it more fully in these last several years. But I now realize that this time was also spoken of in the Wá Shadani. The sacred book portrays a time that the righteous king would establish his son upon his own throne even while he yet lived. It also predicted many of the events surrounding the crowning of his son as King. Yet, for a long while I was unable to comprehend these occurrences. They mystified me utterly," Nathan answered. 
"Tell me, Father, I wish to understand more of this myself!” Azarias eagerly replied. Azarias, who was now well past his fortieth year, loved to see the brightness come back into his father's eyes when he contemplated the sayings of the Wá Shadani. After all, there was a certain sadness often mirrored there since Kezmin had gone and he knew that his father often felt it deeply.
The aging Prophet leaned forward upon the bench and took his staff in both hands while laying his head slightly against the back of one hand he began to recall the words of the holy book. "The Wá Shadani plainly teaches us that the righteous ruler, whom we know to have been David, our beloved King, was to prefigure a deliverer that would one day come to the earth. Initially he would appear as the first Messiah, or as ShadowGod, and that he would reappear, in later ages, as a glorious king who will rule the earth in absolute authority in a time that the sacred book calls the Age of Tranquility!"
"David, our King, in many ways represented this first Messiah and I now realize that it is his son, Solomon, who represented the succeeding but triumphant King, the final Messiah.
"Solomon has truly brought Israel into what we can only recognize as a Golden Age. In so doing his reign can surely be likened unto the sacred age that is to come. In other words, David signifies the first Messiah, who will arrive to deliver and atone for man's sins, and Solomon signifies the Messiah that shall return in the time predicted to establish a glorious age upon this earth. They both represent the coming Messiah in his two-fold appearance!" 
"Further, and in light of that, I do not consider it extravagant or reckless to say that even Solomon's brother born to David and Bethsheba who was taken away for David's sin, even he signifies something wondrous, though I do not understand it completely. Yet, I believe that he foretells Israel that ShadowGod will be taken away in death!" After speaking thus, Nathan paused once more.
It was Azarias who now spoke. "Father, If these things are true, then what of Adonijah? Was his rebellion foretold in the Holy Book?"
"Indeed, it was foretold, yet it remains, to some degree, a mystery. But, in saying that, perhaps I should go back a little in the history of that event to make it clear. Within the writings of the Wá Shadani a very strange prophecy was given concerning a young virgin which would be brought forth to be with the King in his final days much like I have recounted to you in my reciting today. Of course I read of these things in the Wá Shadani long before they actually took place. At any rate, the account was always very mysterious to me and I often read of it and strove to understand. The sacred book stated that she would be a virgin of great beauty and that she would grow to love the King exceedingly and care for him, though she would never be known by him as a man knows his wife. It went on to say that this virgin and her relation to the King would foreshadow a special people who would have great meaning to ShadowGod. Moreover, I lived to see these very words fulfilled by Abishag, the Shunammite, who was brought to King David before his death."
"Now, of this same time, the Wá Shadani also spoke of an evil one that would rise up to attempt to usurp the throne from the righteous King. However it was worded rather mysteriously. It was stated in this way." 

After those days when the righteous king has been laid to rest . . . An evil one will arise who will attempt to take for himself the virgin bride and thus rob the throne from the righteous king who is to come!' 

"It was very difficult to understand because it spoke of two righteous kings, a thing which it does not do before or ever afterward. It spoke of the righteous king who died and then in the same line spoke of the righteous king who is to come. These things were hard to comprehend."
"But, after Solomon came to the throne and by his wisdom ushered our nation into this golden age, I realized that he was the very one spoken of as the figure of a second, triumphant Messiah. This made it easier to understand the place the others held in the sacred prophecies."
"Now, Azarias, at the same time I realized this I also knew that Adonijah was a foreshadowing of the evil one spoken of in the book. As you well know, Adonijah whose life had been spared regardless of his early treacherous deeds, again tried, with great subtlety and deceit, to steal the virgin bride, Abishag, away from Solomon and thus steal away his kingdom. For had any one of David's wives been given to Adonijah, it would have made him rightful heir to the throne. That is true because Adonijah was the oldest brother, and, in some regards, would have been heir apparent. Had he also had one of David's wives, well his place as monarch would have been sealed."
"Therefore, this same Adonijah, who had first risen up to steal the throne from King David himself while he yet lived, and later attempted to take it from his son Solomon, was consequently put to death for treason that very day." 
"Yet, in all of this, he prefigured one that is yet to come. For the Wá Shadani speaks of an exceedingly Evil One that shall arise in the last days. He shall be a false Messiah and shall, with all manner of deceit, try to steal the hearts of the people away from true Messiah and shall succeed with many!
"It is not possible for us to imagine the person that he represents, but, at the end of all things, he will rise up and men will know him them by the words of prophecy.” 
"That is why I say that all events which transpired around the coronation of King Solomon have great significance. They foreshadow great things to come!"
"Is that the last of what the Wá Shadani speaks of King Solomon, Father?" Azarias questioned. 
"No, truly it is not. There is one very strange prediction within the book that I know foretells some future event, yet I cannot understand at this time what it may be. However, I do know this much concerning the matter. When King David commanded that his son be anointed King, on that day he was fulfilling ancient predictions. Those prophecies themselves are brief and I remember them well. 

"On the day the old King commands that his son be crowned in his stead, he will decree that the Prince should first go down into the Kidron Valley and to the spring of Gihon, or the place of the everlasting waters, and there shall a new Priest, who has replaced the old, anoint him King over all Israel. Then shall they sound the great trumpet and the King shall come up to Jerusalem and return and sit upon his throne and he shall bring all the people with him. And the people shall rejoice greatly! For in all of these things he shall foreshadow great events which shall take place in the latter days when the order of all things has been changed forever. " 

"You remember these very events having taken place, Azarias. It was truly a strange decree that David issued that day, and many wondered concerning it. He insisted that Solomon go down into the Kidron Valley to be anointed King, instead of in the royal palace. His decree stated plainly, for all to understand, that the young King should first go down to the Kidron valley, to the springs of Gihon. The whole event was strange and unusual. Zadok, who was now High Priest, was sent to preside over the affair. That, in itself, was particularly strange because Zadok was not of the common priesthood but rather had came out of the city of Jebus when it was conquered. His priestly approval was linked to his ancient associations with the priesthood of Melchizedek. Yet, David spoke to him from his bedside these words, "ha-Kohen ha-ro'eh attah," or "You are the Seer-priest. Its fullest meaning being that Zadok would be designated and known as Spirit-priest!" On that day he took the place of Abiathar forever! Zadok went down and anointed Solomon King and, when he did, they blew the trumpet for a very long while again at the command of King David. After the trumpet sounded at great length the people came up behind the King and observed as he was seated upon the throne."
“Of this going down into the wilderness of the Kidron and his anointing and crowning at the sacred spring of Gihon, nothing like it had ever been done before. I knew at that very moment that the ancient prophecies had been fulfilled, at least in part. I also know that they have deeper meaning and that, one day, when ShadowGod arrives, they shall be fulfilled utterly!"
After this Azarias and Nathan sat for a long while, pondering all these things and, in his heart, Azarias magnified the Lord God for having seen these very things come to pass He understood that the God of his father, Nathan, was God truly and there was none else beside Him!” 
Then Nathan turned his attention back to completing his dictations. He recited the establishing of Solomon's throne as well as the death of Joab, who finally received the due recompense for his treacherous deeds. 
The sun was beginning to rise high in the sky as they completed the work and Nathan grew somewhat weary. Nevertheless, he turned to his son with one more matter he wished to discuss. “As I have informed you many times, Azarias, my writings, The History of a King, are to be added to the sacred writ, the writing of Moses and the other books, for this God Himself has commanded and Solomon has decreed!"
"All of these things I have given unto you, Azarias. May God direct you in committing it to others. I know you will listen to His voice."
"Yes, Father. I will do as you have said.” After a moment of quietness he spoke again. "Father, sometimes I wonder why God speaks as He does. I mean, in shadows and visions and words having hidden meaning. Why does he not just say what He wishes to say plainly?"
"As a Prophet, Azarias, I can only answer that, within the scope of all that I have lived to see. There is no question within my heart that God has caused all things to happen as He does with good reason though we cannot always see what that may be. All things within the realm of our existence have been plainly measured out to utter perfection, yet composed of things that, of themselves, are not perfect. The foolish man questions the presence of what we call evil. Yet, I know that God has good reason for allowing all things to take place. The raging storm, the pestilence, disease and sickness, pain and suffering are countered by the existence of the blue heavens, the joy of music and singing, the embrace, and the cheerful laugh - the pleasure of a man's love, the benevolence of the heart - the majestic bird that flies and the roaring of the ocean, the joy we feel in one another's company. What I mean, Azarias, is that instead of asking why God does not do some things, such as speak to us in a certain way, we must first recognize what He has done, in this case, regarding speaking to us in His own manner." 
"God does speak in the way His plan dictates. He has set all things in order, so that they may whisper to the listening heart. The very things that I have just mentioned assure us of that. These are Gods works, both the undesirable and the good. The foolish think that they struggle against each other but, in truth, they sustain man’s equilibrium and both contribute to what the ancients sometimes called the yearning spirit. Both foretell a world to come and both heighten this yearning we have implanted within us. Amid all of this is man, a truly intricate and complex being! Man is not a beast that walks the earth upon four feet, lives to eat and dies without purpose. He is plainly a created and complex being. And there is a purpose for that. After all, man could have been made as simple as the beast of the field, but he was not! ” 
"In my heart, Azarias, I recognize that, not only has God surrounded us with visions that speak to us of Himself, but there are gifts that He has endowed man with which are given so that we might understand the purposes of life. One of these is, as I said, a yearning spirit. Truly this is a bestowment from our God and He has implanted it within the soul of every child that is born. Another is a vivid and complex imagination, a thing that bridges our mind with things spiritual and serves to give us a glimpse of things which may not be visible but which are, nonetheless, real. Imagination is a thing almost outside our own being. There are more gifts such as the strength of reason and other mental powers that allow us to deduce and contemplate. They are all the gracious tokens of God’s love for us!” 
"To yearn is not of the beast. Indeed, often it defies reason, yet it elevates man above all other creatures. Moses wrote of our father, Abraham, and said that he sought for a city whose builder and maker was not man. He yearned fervently for something outside himself and this world. But that yearning within his spirit was the gift of our God. We cannot explain yearning and, yes, it sometimes defies at least seeming logic. Yet, it abides within the heart of man as sure as his need to breath. The Lord God placed it there with the purpose of whispering into the heart a hope so profound as to be truly inexpressible." 
"It is true that He is the God who gave Moses the law in the mountain that burned with terrible fire, but that is only part of God. He is also the God of endless pleasure and joy. His delight is with the children of men. He longs to give man indescribable joy and His own pleasure is fulfilled in doing so. This is the great culmination of his intentions for man. So it was needful that He give man this glorious endowment which we call imagination."
"With that facility man is able, in some degree, to peer into the world that is to come. By it we know that this life is not the end of itself, but only the beginning. God did not leave us without indications. Indeed, He has scattered them forth in abundance all about us. Yet, for that we are required to enjoy yet another bestowment of God. Reasoning!"
"Reason must choose and sort and decide. In other words, He may not speak plainly but He does speak. Therefore, as I say, God has carefully placed all things in perfection and in utter balance for our careful observation.” 
“All of those things which appear and are present with us in this life attest to a purpose far greater than this life is, to any degree, able to afford."
“Such observations are balanced perfectly so that one man can easily dismiss them as pure folly and, yet, another can see within them infallible and eternal certainties. For, by design, they are not overwhelming in either direction, and the truths that are presented must be apprehended by careful pondering. For instance, the demonstration of God's being and existence is not so evident that trust is suspended, yet, not so hidden that its indications are utterly lacking. The duration of our lives is not so brief that we abhor leaving at the end, nor so prolonged that its weariness becomes unbearable. Misery is not so excessive that we weep, wishing to depart, nor pleasure so abundant that death must tear us away. Interventions and miracles may not take place so often as to make God obvious, yet, not so seldom as to preclude the possibility of His handiwork. Man receives enough contentment from the work of his hands to give some satisfaction, yet, not so much as to make his life all that he should ever desire. The propensity of the soul toward evil is not so overwhelming that man must be a slave to wrong, yet, righteous inclination is not so powerful as to preclude failure. Indeed, if righteousness ruled the heart of man in this world then he could not be tested. For if a man could not fail in the matter of righteousness, then he would choose righteousness by nature instead of out of love for good itself and the God that created it.” 
"Plainly, man could have come into a world devoid of all joy, cradled in misery, with pain that utterly breaks the bone and flesh as well as the heart and without joy to countervail it. Yet, it is not true, but man has pleasure and grief in balance so that, for the duration of his life, which is truly brief, he might have opportunity, if he so wishes, to conclude, under reasonable conditions, that all things have been created with a final purpose. And it is in all of these things, this intricate balance of situations and powers, that we hear God speaking. They are of themselves the voice of God calling to us. Yet, in all these matters, if God spoke plainly, their hearts could not be tested, for they would worship him out of fear alone." 
"Many years ago, Azarias, I was traveling the road to Jerusalem and was invited by a Moabite, a good man named Jair, one who worshiped the Lord God, to share his dinner. As I did so we spoke of these very things and I have never forgotten how he put this matter in his own quaint way: 

If God did speak with voice like mine,
Shatter doubt it may,
Yet then of fear all choice is gone,
My heart becomes a slave.

"Therefore, God expresses Himself to us in the manner that He must, but, to the watching eye, He does, indeed, speak." 
After this Nathan and Azarias set and talked for a very long while concerning many things. As they did so their conversation went to past memories. Nathan recalled the days of Dyritica, his father and Annashia, his mother. They also talked of the Kings early struggles which gave way to his great exploits. At last Nathan turned and, with a softer tone, recalled another time, seemingly so long ago, the day when he visited Shechem for the very first time and of the girl whom he met there, the one that stole his heart away. He smiled as he talked of it and Azarias could see that it warmed his heart to do so. But, at last it grew quiet between them and Azarias returned to writing upon the tablet. He was just concluding his next page when he glanced up to look over at his father, preparing to ask him one more thing. There he sat, the noble Prophet of Bethel, leaning his head back against the stone beach, his eyes closing, dressed in his black cloak and his staff held tightly in his right hand. His other hand was within his cloak which was falling partly opened and Azarias could see that his aged hand was clinging to his grandfather's pendant on the golden necklace held about his neck. Just as Azarias looked up and was taking all this in, he heard the soft voice of his father as he breathed out one last word just before his head leaned softly over to one side and his eyes closed for good . . . "Kezmin!"




###

Thank you for reading my novel.  If you truly enjoyed it won’t you please leave me a good review at your favorite book retailer.  

Thank you.

Dean Kratzmeyer


 1About Me


Hi. My name is Dean Kratzmeyer and I am the author of the book ShadowGod. 

My wife and I live in East Texas the land of cottonwood and honeysuckle. Our home is located there just outside the small community of Golden and we live there with our nine year old adopted son whose name is Joshua.  We also have two grown children whose names are Janiece, our daughter, and Shannon, our son. 

I have worked a large part of my life in the building industry. I received degrees in history, and literature and have always had a great interest in the study of world history just second to my love for biblical history.  My wife is a school teacher and presently teaches in Tyler, Texas. Her extensive knowledge of literature and grammar has been of intense assistance to me in the writing of this book.  In many ways it has been a joint effort and I owe much to her for her diligent efforts.  I am very much indebted to a number of others as well who have sacrificed their own time in willingly helping with this project. My thanks to each of you. 

I spent more than two years in the writing of the novel “ShadowGod” but truly it has been one of the most rewarding undertakings of my life. It is my wish, should you choose to read the book, that it would impart to you a greater love for “those things once delivered to the believers.”


Connect with Me:
www.shadowgodnovel.com

