

Dark Realms


SIX Stories of Paranormal Fantasy and Horror

By Kristen Middleton
smashwords.com edition
Copyright©2013 Kristen Middleton



Wicked (A Night Roamers Short)
Blur (Book One of Night Roamers)
Enchanted Secrets (Book One of Witches Of Bayport)
The Coin Collector (Stand-alone Short)
Zombie Games (Origins) Book One
Venom – (Derived from Night Roamers)

Dark Realms Front Cover Artist Lourdes Blazek

Warning – This book contains adult situations and language. Recommended for ages sixteen and older…

This book is purely fiction and any resemblances to names, characters, and places are coincidental. The reproduction of this work is forbidden without written consent from the author. The author acknowledges the trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which has been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of this copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
 
This eBook is licensed for your enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this with others, please purchase additional copies for each individual. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 


Wicked

When eighteen-year-old Emily wakes up to find herself being held captive in a barn with four other women and tries to escape, she finds herself being hunted by a dark presence through the deep woods of Montana.


Blur

Danger lurks in the dead of night...
Seventeen year old Nikki and her twin brother, Nathan, move to the small town of Shore Lake to start over after their mother is brutally attacked. When a missing teenager washes up on shore during their first night at the cabin and there are whispers of vampires in Shore Lake, Nikki begins to realize that there are things roaming in the darkness that are far more sinister than what they left behind in the city.

Enchanted Secrets 

Magic, murder, and mayhem... 
Eighteen-year-old Kendra learns that her mother has been keeping secrets, the biggest being that she and her twin sister, Kala, are descendants of a long line of witches. Unfortunately, where magic reigns, so does danger and she is forced into an adventure that leaves her racing against the clock to stop an evil curse.


The Coin Collector


In their small Iowa town, children start to go missing on their tenth birthday. The hot Irish girl across the street claims her creepy father, Mr. O'Darby, is a leprechaun who collects more than just gold coins, and 17-year-old Trent begins to fear for the safety of his brother, Ben, whose tenth birthday grows near.

Zombie Games (Origins)

Seventeen-year-old Cassandra Wild thought that living in the chaos of her mother's home daycare and dealing with new feelings for Bryce, her martial arts instructor, was a struggle until her world turned upside down. When an untested vaccine kills more than just a rampant flu virus, Cassie learns how to survive in a world where the dead walk and the living... run! 


Venom

When Melody Williams goes missing at a concert, at Club Nightshade, her eighteen-year-old cousin, Chelsey Fairfax, sneaks into the club to find answers. Little does she know that some mysteries are better left hidden. 

Meanwhile, Venom is in town, a hot new band from Europe, and the owner of Club Nightshade wants them there permanently...
 
Wicked

By Kristen Middleton
 
Chapter One


I stared up at the white speckled ceiling of my new apartment, still too full of adrenaline to sleep. The excitement of moving out of my parents’ home and starting college in two weeks was beyond exhilarating. Plus, my best friend Betsy was going to join me after she returned from Florida with her parents in a couple of weeks. They’d taken her to Disneyworld as a graduation present, and although she’d been excited about the trip, finding an apartment we could afford together had been the real highlight of the summer. Ever since we’d met in the eighth grade, we’d always talked about going to UMT, living together, and meeting hot college guys. Now our dreams were finally becoming a reality and it made me so giddy, sleep was laughable.
Sighing, I got out of bed and went into the kitchen for a spoonful of creamy peanut butter. It was a nightly habit that sometimes helped me sleep and my parents had purchased a case of it for me as a joke, but I’d been thrilled to receive it. 
As I opened the cupboard, I thought of my mother, who seemed to have a knack for catching me with my hand in the peanut butter jar every time I had a craving. She often teased that if I ever stopped, that peanut farms everywhere would go bankrupt.   
I grabbed a jar from the shelf, twisted the cap off, and scooped out a large spoonful. Once it was in my mouth, I remembered that I had nothing to wash it down with. Plus, my cups were still packed in one of the boxes and I really didn’t feel like rummaging for them in the middle of the night. Recalling the landlord’s mention of a beverage machine by the swimming pool, I decided to buy a couple bottles of soda and check out the pool. 
 I put the jar away, washed off the spoon, and went back into my bedroom to change out of my pajamas. As I pulled on a pair of jean shorts, I caught a glimpse of myself in the dresser mirror and was relieved that it was so late. My auburn hair was messy and there was mascara smudged under my lower lashes. 
Screw it.
I slipped on an orange sweatshirt, pulled the hood over my head, grabbed a handful of change, and stepped out of my apartment.
Shoving my hands into my sweatshirt pockets, I went downstairs to the lobby and stepped out into the cool darkness, suddenly grateful that my parents had pushed me into Taekwondo three years ago. Although I normally didn’t think much about wandering near my parents’ house late at night, here, however, it was a little disconcerting. Even for a Brown Belt.  
I thought of my parents, who were only an hour away, and had acted like I’d moved to a different continent. My mother had been in tears when she’d left earlier, and my dad, well his voice had actually cracked, which truthfully had kind of shocked me. In all my life, I’d never seen my dad cry, even when his own father had passed away. My mother had told me he’d mourned in his own way, and didn’t like people feeling sorry for him. It was kind of weird, but I always assumed it had to do with the fact that he’d served in the military for many years. That it had made him hard. But, this afternoon, he’d kept his eyes down and had given me an extra-long hug before driving away.
Now, thinking of them, I felt a tug on my heart. Although I was excited about the move and starting a new life in college, part of me already longed for them. They’d been strict and demanding, but I’d never doubted their love.
For a long time, I’d felt as if they’d treated me like a baby. Nothing had ever seemed fair, not my early curfews, or any of the other stringent rules they’d enforced. Hell, I hadn’t even been able to sleep at a friend’s house without getting the third degree. They’d always said that they’d trusted me, but not other kids, claiming that they didn’t want me to be influenced by the wrong kind of people. This had seemed like a total joke to me, since Betsy and I hung out with computer geeks and people not really into partying.
And dating?
Well, sadly, I’d only gone out on one date in high school – the prom. My dad had put the poor guy through hell before releasing us. Sure, we’d had fun there – dancing, flirting, even a couple of kisses, but when he’d gotten me home a few minutes late, my dad was waiting for us with an earful for Brian. Needless to say, he never asked me out again and I decided that it wasn’t worth torturing any of the guys at school by going out with them. So, here I was – an eighteen-year-old virgin who’d had one date –
 Brian, and had only kissed one person – Brian.  
Not that I hadn’t fantasized about other guys. Hell, my dreams were filled with faceless heroes rescuing me from danger. Sexy, brave hunks who would carry me off into the sunset, where I could shower them with kisses. Unfortunately, I always woke up before getting a chance to show my appreciation.
I couldn’t even get lucky in my dreams. 
Betsy promised that everything would change in college. There would be guys, parties, and more fun than we’d know what to do with. She said that our lives were just beginning. I prayed she was right. I was all about doing well in college, but I was also ready to start dating. Life was too short.
Pulling my sweatshirt in tighter, I wandered between the buildings towards the pool area. When I arrived at the entrance, the gate was locked.
“Crap,” I mumbled, glaring at the sign. It had closed several hours before. 
Annoyed, I turned around and gasped in shock. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to frighten you,” said a man, stepping away from the shadows of the building next to the pool.  
I stared at his alabaster skin, which seemed to radiate in the darkness. I swallowed hard. “It’s, uh, okay.”
“Little late for a swim, isn’t it?” he asked, standing in front of me. He appeared to be in his late twenties, high cheekbones, a pointy chin, and dark eyes that burned into mine. Although he was certainly nice-looking, there was something off about him. Something creepy. 
I took a step back and forced a smile. “I was just going to buy a bottle of soda.”
His lips, which seemed eerily red against his translucent skin, curled up. “Late night craving?”
“Yes. I guess so.”
“I can appreciate that,” he replied, staring at me so intently, that things became more awkward.
I tore my eyes away, and looked past him, as if searching for someone. “Well, I suppose I’d better get back to my place before my boyfriend gets worried and comes looking for me.”
“Boyfriend?”  
I looked at him again. “Yes, boyfriend. His name is Brian.”
His eyes, which were blacker than coal, danced in the darkness. “Brian should have volunteered to get you your soda. It’s much too dangerous for a girl to be wandering out here, all alone.”
“Good point,” I said, feeling the hair on the back of my neck stand up. “With that in mind, I guess I really should get back. Excuse me.”
As I tried to step around him, his hand snaked out and grabbed my wrist. “Not so fast.”
I inhaled sharply and instinct took over. I rotated my wrist, snatched my arm away from him, and then quickly hit him in the jaw with an uppercut. It was like hitting a plate of steel.
“Ahhh!” I gasped in pain.
“Nice attempt,” he smiled darkly. “I do applaud your efforts. It amuses me.” He then smacked me back, hitting me in the chin. I fell backwards, landing on the ground.
In pain, but now more furious than anything, I jumped up and swung my leg up to kick him in the chest.
He caught my foot and dug his nails into my ankle cruelly. “You are a fighter, aren’t you?” he said, grabbing my neck with one of his large, cold hands, holding me in place. “I like that.”
“No, I’m really not,” I whispered hoarsely as I tried to pull his fingers away from my neck. “Please, you’re hurting me. Let me go and I’ll do whatever you want.”
Sighing, he released my neck. “You should have thought of that before you crossed me.”
Crossed him?
I opened my mouth to scream, but he clamped his hand over it with incredible speed. “Uh, uh, uh…” he whispered.
Terrified, I reached between his legs and squeezed as hard as I could. 
He roared in pain and released me.
I turned away and began running towards my apartment building, frightened.
“Hey!” hollered a man’s voice from an apartment window above. “You okay down there, miss? You need help?”
Before I could answer, someone grabbed me from behind and I was whisked away into the darkness.

 
 Chapter Two


I slept and my dreams were morbidly disturbing.  
I was trapped in some kind of old pine coffin, trying desperately to escape. As I pounded and clawed at the wooden box, I could hear someone digging. 
Without a doubt, I knew it was a grave.
My grave.
Each stab at the earth was followed by the sound of dirt being tossed, chilling me to the bone. When the noise of the shovel stopped, I cried out for help, hoping that it was some kind of mistake
“Please!” I screamed again, pounding my fists and kicking my feet against the coffin. “Let me out! I’m alive in here!”
Silence.
“Dammit, I’m not dead! This is a mistake! Someone help me!”
No response.
I sobbed. “I don’t deserve this. Please… let me out of here.”
“Uh, uh, uh…” replied a man, chuckling. “Should have thought of that before you crossed me.”
My eyes snapped open and I sat up. “Oh, my God,” I whispered in horror as my eyes adjusted to surroundings that I did not recognize.
I was in a dimly lit barn, lying on an old wool blanket, and there were three others with me. 
“Welcome to your nightmare,” muttered one of the women, who was sitting a few feet away. She looked to be around my mother’s age, had short dark hair, and a painful-looking shiner under her right eye.
“What’s going on?” I asked, getting to my feet. I brushed away some straw from my knees and straightened up. “Where am I?”
The woman with the bruise smiled grimly. “You’re in the Land of Oz. Don’t you remember riding the tornado here?”
I stared at her in confusion. “I…” 
Then it all came back to me. 
The stranger. 
Our fight. 
Running and then being grabbed from behind.
The weight of the situation hit me like a sledgehammer. “Oh, God…someone kidnapped me?”
“Oh yeah,” said a girl, walking over. She was not much older than me, with short blond hair and glasses. “Obviously, you’re not the only one. I’m Amy, by the way.”
“I’m Emily,” I answered in a hollow voice.  I looked around the barn, which held no animals or livestock. 
Just us. 
“I don’t understand, who’s doing this and why?” I asked.
“Do you remember the guy who took you?” asked Amy.
I thought about the man by the pool. Obviously he was involved. “Yeah. I’m sure it was this guy with dark hair and pale skin. He approached me by my apartment building and we fought.”
“He’s one strong son-of-a-bitch,” muttered a dark-skinned girl who was lying down on another blanket, staring up at the roof of the barn. “Something’s not right about him.”
“That’s Tara,” said Amy. “She actually stabbed him with a switchblade.”
Tara turned her face to look at me. “He didn’t even flinch. Stabbed the bastard in the hand and it was as if nothing happened. It was some freaky shit.” 
“Uh, did he kidnap all of you?” I asked, not recalling the guy having any kind of wound on his hand when he assaulted me.   
“No,” replied Amy, lowering her voice. “There are more of them.” She looked towards the roof of the barn. “They’re probably watching us right now.”
I felt like I was in some kind of twisted horror movie, only this was real. I stared up at the dark shadows of the barn and shivered. “Why are they doing this?”
“I don’t know,” said Amy. “We were all brought in here within the last twenty-four hours.”
“Have you tried to escape?” I said, lowering my voice as I eyed the barn door.
Tara snorted. “Hell no, genius. That didn’t cross any of our minds.”
“Be nice,” said the woman with the bruise. “She’s just as confused as the rest of us and doesn’t deserve any more abuse.”
Tara closed her eyes and sighed. “Yeah, I know. Sorry. I’m just not in the mood for this shit anymore.”
“We’ve tried getting out of here,” said Amy. “But they’ve locked us in from the outside. And…” her lips began to tremble. “Another woman tried climbing up to the loft right after I arrived. But, something killed her up there.”
“What?” I asked, horrified. I looked up towards the loft, which seemed so dark and menacing.
“There’s something up there,” she whispered in an ominous voice, stepping closer to me. “Gloria, the gal who climbed the ladder, she screamed bloody murder when she reached the top. Tried climbing back down, but something pulled her back and dragged her away from the edge. We couldn’t see exactly what was happening.” She grimaced. “But, we all heard it.”
I swallowed. “Something?”    
She nodded. “We heard it growling and then it sounded like Gloria was wrestling with it.” Her eyes filled with tears. “I’ll never forget the sounds coming from up there – her cries and something that sounded like hissing. I was so scared, I almost peed my pants.”
“We were all scared,” said the older woman, shaking her head.
“What happened next?” I asked.
Amy wiped a couple of tears from her cheek. “Um, I think she tried crawling back towards the ladder, but never made it.”
“I take it you guys were too scared to do much?” I asked bluntly. “I mean, I’m sure I’d have been scared to death myself.” 
“Well, I was going to try and help,” said Tara. “But then I saw all of the blood.”
I shivered. “Blood?”
Amy pointed towards the top of the ladder. “Yeah, if you stand back far enough and get on your tippy-toes, you can kind of see Gloria’s shoulder. There’s blood there. Lots of it.”
I stepped back and looked. Sure enough, someone’s hand appeared to be reaching for the edge, as if she’d been crawling away from something. I couldn’t really see her shoulder, however.  
“Did you ever see what attacked her?” I asked.
“Nope,” replied Amy. “Thank God.”
I squinted, trying to see the woman above better, but it was hard since it was still dark outside, and there were only a couple of lit lanterns in the barn. “Do you think it’s still up there?” 
“I don’t know and I’m not about to look,” said Amy. “Whatever was up there hasn’t made any noise for the last few hours.”
“I think it might be sleeping,” said the woman with the bruise. “We’ve got to find a way out before it wakes up again.”
Just then, the barn door was opened.
Tara jumped up and we all moved closer together.

Chapter Three


“Ladies,” smiled the man who’d assaulted me earlier. “We have a new addition to your group.”
Standing next to him was another guy with long blond hair, which was pulled into a ponytail, and pale skin. In his burly arms he carried a sleeping girl with short, spiky pink hair. He moved forward and set her down on the floor of the barn.
“Excuse me, guys,” said Tara, folding her arms under her chest. “I have to ask –
 what in the hell are we doing here?”
The blond guy smiled a big, toothy grin. “Oh, you’ll find out soon enough. For now, relax and get some rest. You’re going to need it tonight.”
Her dark eyes narrowed. “Is this some kind of freaky sex thing that you’re into? ‘Cause there’s no way in hell I’m going to let anyone put their hands on me. Not without a fight, you know what I’m saying?”
The dark-haired man threw his head back and laughed. “Sex? No. You’d never survive that, I assure you.”
“Please let us go, Martin,” begged the woman with the bruise. “We won’t tell anyone. I swear. Just let us go.”
Martin, my abductor, smiled brightly and I was stunned of how white his teeth were. “Anna, don’t worry, dear, we’ll let you out of here soon enough. By the way, are any of you ladies hungry?”
None of us answered.
“Well, if you’re not now, you will be later and you’ll definitely need your strength. We’ll be back for you later,” said Martin. He motioned to the other man. “Come on, Brandon, it’s almost dawn.”
“Wait,” said Amy, taking a step towards them. “Gloria… um, something killed her. Something in the loft.”
Brandon smiled coldly. “She should have stayed below. I advise all of you to stay away from the loft.”
“Why, what’s up there?” I asked.   
“You really don’t want to know,” said Martin, his eyes twinkling. “But rest assured, it won’t harm you unless you venture up there.”
“This is insane!” hollered Anna, raising her hands in exasperation. “Why are you doing this to us? Our families must be worried sick.”
Martin sneered. “Really? You think your husband, the one who gave you a black eye, is worried about where you are at the moment? Or Tara, do you really think anyone is missing you? Face it, nobody even knows you’re missing, and if they do, they’re not going to be searching for you in the next couple of days.”
“My parents will be worried,” I protested, wondering how he knew so much about our personal lives. “They’re definitely going to know that something is very wrong.”
“Well, maybe your ‘boyfriend’ can tell them you’ve been kidnapped. Hmm?” said Martin.
I glared at him. “What in the heck is wrong with you? Don’t you realize what you’re doing is illegal? You’re going to go to jail unless you let us go!”
Brandon chuckled. “The little one amuses me. That’s the one who almost got the best of you?” he asked.
“She fights dirty,” replied Martin.
“I fight dirty?” I snapped, clenching my jaw. “You’re the one who kidnapped all of us. You can’t get much dirtier than that.”
He grinned. “You have a point.”
I stared at him incredulously. “You act like this is some kind of game. A woman has died and you are acting like it’s no big deal. You’ve got some serious issues.”
The smile fell from his face. “Behave and we’ll let you out of the barn tonight. You can leave here and never look back. If you try and escape beforehand, however, you’ll fail,” his eyes narrowed, “and die quite painfully.”
His words made my stomach clench tightly. As insane as it sounded, death was obviously within reason with these guys.
“If you promise to let us go,” said Anna, “I’ll cooperate. As long as I know that thing upstairs is restrained somehow.”
“You’re safe down here,” replied Martin, looking up towards the loft. “That’s all you have to remember.”
Tara snorted. “And we should trust you?”
“Whether you do or not is completely up to you. I don’t think you have much choice though, do you?” stated Martin.
She clenched her jaw and looked away.
“Remember, obey us and you’ll be free to leave the barn later,” said Brandon, walking towards the door.
“What about Gloria’s body?” asked Anna.
Martin and Brandon looked at each other.
“We’ll take care of it,” said Martin. “Later.”
“Now would be better,” said Tara.
“I’m sure it would,” said Brandon, laughing.
I watched as the two men left and locked us inside once again, wondering if we should have tried making a run for it or tried rushing them as a team.   
“This is crazy,” said Amy. “I just don’t get it. Why would they keep us in here just to let us go without expecting something?”
“Oh, they expect something,” said Anna, her forehead wrinkling. “We just don’t know what it is yet.”
“Okay, is it me, or are those two of the whitest people on this planet,” said Tara. “I don’t want to sound racist or anything, but they’re so damn white, they glow.”
“It is kind of creepy,” said Amy. “My skin has always been pale but they make me appear tan. Maybe they’re sick?”
I walked over to the girl with the pink hair and knelt down beside her. She was looking pretty pale herself and I wondered if she was even alive. “Maybe they’re albino,” I said, reaching out to touch her forehead.
Her eyes popped open and she backed away in terror.
“Wait,” I said, smiling reassuringly. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Where am I?” she asked, her eyes darting around.
“You’ve been kidnapped,” I replied. “Just like us.”
“Kidnapped?” she squeaked. “I’ve been kidnapped?”
I nodded. “Unfortunately. Do you remember anything?”
“Um, yeah… I… Oh, God,” her green eyes filled with tears. “I was at this club with my boyfriend, Danny, and we got into this major fight. I left him at the club and started walking home when this man approached me from out of nowhere… and that’s all I really remember.”
“He brought you here,” I said, standing up. “He brought all of us here.”
She looked around at all of us. “But, why?”
“That is the question,” I replied.

Chapter Four



We took turns sleeping and guarding each other. When the sun rose, the barn started getting warmer and within a couple of hours, the scent of Gloria’s dead body was so pungent, my stomach began to roll.
“Poor Gloria,” said Anna, shaking her head sadly. “She must have been so terrified.”
Tara stood and walked to the barn door. She grabbed the handle and tried pulling at it. “Poor Gloria? Poor us… she’s dead and we’re still trapped in here. With it.”
I glanced up towards the loft uneasily, wondering if it was awake.
Clenching her jaw, Tara smacked the wood with the palm of her hand several times. “Dammit, I just can’t take it anymore!” she growled, turning back towards us. “I mean, really, we shouldn’t just sit around here and do nothing! Make it easy for them? You know they’re not going to just let us go.”
“Exactly,” I agreed. “Why would they go through all of this trouble?”
“Maybe they’ve sent ransom letters to our families,” said Amy. 
“Is your family rich?” I asked.
She shook her head.
“Well, either is mine. I doubt this is for money,” I replied.
“My mama is so broke, she can’t even afford to pay rent next month,” muttered Tara. “If these guys are doing it for money, they’d better change careers ‘cause they don’t know what they’re doing.”
Marie, the girl with the pink hair, moved next to Tara. “Not to change the subject, but have you guys tried throwing all of your weight against it at once?”
“Yes, several times last night,” said Anna. 
I walked over to the barn door. “Let’s at least try again. It’s better than doing nothing.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” said Tara. “We have to keep trying and not just give up.”
Marie, Tara, and I tried pushing and even kicking at the door several times, but just like Anna had said, the door appeared to be impenetrable. 
Marie turned around and stared up by the loft. “Hey, there’s an open window up there.” She started walking towards the ladder.
“No!” I yelled, grabbing her arm. “There’s something up there. It’s too dangerous.”
Marie looked at me like I was nuts. “What are you talking about?”   
“Haven’t you been paying attention?” asked Tara incredulously. “There’s a dead body up there. Why do you think it smells so bad in here? Nobody living can produce that kind of stench.”  
“A dead body?” she asked, backing up. She stood up on her tiptoes. “Where? I don’t see anything.”
I backed up too and noticed in shock that the body had indeed disappeared.
“Seriously. Did anyone notice that Gloria’s body was missing?” asked Tara.
Nobody answered.
“Dead body or not, I need to get out of this place,” said Marie, pacing. “My dad’s going to ground me for a month if he notices that I never made it home last night.”
“Marie, if you make it out of here, you’re going to embrace being grounded,” said Anna, smiling grimly. “And I’m sure your dad will understand when he finds out that you were kidnapped.”
“I doubt it. He’s always yelling and screaming at me,” she muttered, kicking at some dirt with her high-tops. “Hell, he’ll probably tell me that I deserved it since I was out last night and should have been home doing homework.”
“Nobody deserves this,” I said, trying to see if I could catch a glimpse of Gloria’s body above. The sun was shining down into the cracks of the barn and it no longer seemed as ominous. I wondered if the thing had left.
“Still, I’ve got to get out of here. Has anyone seen a pitchfork lying around? The barns in the movies all have pitchforks lying around somewhere.”
“Jesus, girl, this isn’t a damn movie,” huffed Tara, leaning back against the barn door. She folded her arms under her chest. “Obviously, they didn’t leave us with anything we could use against them.”
Marie bit her lower lip and began moving towards the ladder once more. “Still, we have to try the loft window. It’s our only chance of escaping.”  
“Don’t, Marie. There’s some kind of animal up there. It killed Gloria,” said Amy, her eyes wide. “If you go up there, you’re going to get hurt.”
Marie began climbing the ladder. “Seriously, though, I don’t see or hear anything. Whatever was up there is long gone.”
I grabbed her ankle. “Please, listen to us. Even our kidnappers told us not to go up there.”
She tilted her head. “Well, duh… that’s because they don’t want any of us to escape,” she said, looking down at me. “Just chill out, you guys. I’ll be fine. I’m really good with animals, anyway. My Uncle Tom used to raise dogs that were interbred with wolves.” She smiled. “He called me the dog whisperer.”
“I don’t think there’s a dog up there. Now, just come back down here before you get hurt,” I pleaded.  
Before she could answer, there was a noise outside of the barn door and then two men wearing overalls and holding shotguns entered.
“What the hell you doing, girl?” asked the older man with a scowl on his face. He was short, with long stringy white hair and neglected brownish-yellow teeth. He spit out a wad of chew. “Didn’t they warn ya to stay away from the loft?”
Marie jumped off the ladder. “Uh, sorry.”
The younger man had a receding hairline and appeared to be in his forties with gaunt cheeks and red-rimmed eyes. He looked like he either had a bad hangover or was sickly. “Come on now,” he muttered in a gruff voice. “You’re all supposed to follow us into the house.”
“Why?” asked Tara, glaring at the men.
“You want to eat, don’t ’cha?” he snapped impatiently. “Now don’t ask questions and do what you’re told. We ain’t going to hurt you unless you give us a reason to. Got it?” 
“Okay,” said Anna. “We’ll do what you want. Please, just don’t shoot anyone.”
“Listen,” said Marie. “I really have to get home. My dad is gonna freak out when he realizes I’m not there.”
The older man raised his gun. “Our orders are to feed you and nothing else.”
“Those men kidnapped us and broke the law,” I said. “You have to help us.”
“Save your breath, missy,” said the older man, his eyes hardening. “We ain’t lettin’ you go. Shit, if we did, our lives would be in danger. Now, get your butts moving so we can feed you, like they told us to.”
The fact that he was actually scared of the other two men wasn’t lost on me. “Take us to the nearest police station and we’ll all be safe.”
“We’re safe,” interrupted the younger man, scowling. “If you don’t start moving your butts, you won’t be. Now, git.”
Frustrated but relieved that we were leaving the barn, I followed the others, wondering if anyone was thinking about making a run for it. When we stepped outside into the fresh air, however, my heart sunk – we were in the middle of nowhere, just like on one of those freaky horror movies where there is nothing but land and a spooky old farmhouse, which we were now being herded towards. 
“Don’t any of you try any funny stuff,” the younger man warned, walking behind me. “I’ll shoot any one of your asses from here to the cornfield.”
Feeling anxious and tense, I followed Anna up the rickety steps leading to the porch and entered the house with the others. As we walked into the foyer, the smell of cooked meat made my stomach growl. 
“This way towards the dining room,” said the old man, leading the way. 
As we walked through the darkened house, I noticed that the windows were covered with thick curtains and the furniture, which looked old and worn, had all been covered with sheets. It was definitely a house that didn’t seem lived in.
It made everything that much more eerie.
When we reached the dining room, we all stopped and stared in surprise at the long oak table, which held a large turkey and all of the trimmings.
“Wow,” said Amy, biting her lower lip. “Is this really for us?”
“Yeah, go sit down,” said the younger man, nudging me forward.
Stunned, I sat down and stared at the large quantity of food spread before us – turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, bread, and even a bowl of cranberries. My mouth began to water.
“What, no gravy?” mumbled Tara.
“Just shut your yap and start eating,” said the older man.
“This is just weird,” whispered Amy, sitting next to me. “Who kidnaps someone and then feeds them like this? I don’t like it.”
“I know,” I replied, wondering myself. It just didn’t make any sense.”
“So, now you’re going to poison us?” remarked Tara, sitting across from me. “Is that what this is about?” 
“Nothing’s wrong with this food, girl,” said the older man. He leaned over the table and grabbed one of the turkey legs. “See,” he said, tearing at a piece of meat with his teeth. “It’s good,” he said, with his mouth full. “Now eat before it gets cold.”
“Who made this food?” asked Marie, sitting down on the other side of me.
“Never you mind, missy,” replied the old man, dropping strands of turkey from his mouth as he talked. “Just eat.”
“Why don’t you join us?” said Anna, staring at the younger man. “Obviously there’s enough food here for an army.”
“No, we’re just supposed to make sure you eat,” he replied, although he was staring at the food hungrily. 
“Well, I’m not eating any of this until I know it’s not poisoned,” said Tara, folding her hands under her chest. “I’d rather die from your gun than get poisoned by potatoes. Would be much quicker.”
“Go on, Darnell,” said the older man, picking at something between his teeth. “Dig in.”
Darnell bit his lower lip. “Well, if you think we won’t get in any trouble, Clement…”
“Hell, we’re gonna get in trouble if they don’t eat,” said the old man. He tossed the turkey leg behind him and wiped his hands on his overalls. “Now, grab a plate of food and show them that the food is fine.”
Darnell wasted no time. He took a plate and began filling it with heaping portions of food, and then sat down at the other end of the long oak table, his gun close to his side.
The smell of the food was really getting to me and my stomach growled loudly again.
“That’s good enough evidence for me,” said Marie, grabbing a plate of her own as Darnell began shoveling food into his mouth. “I haven’t had this kind of food since my grandma died years ago.”
I stared at the food hungrily, but the niggling voice inside wouldn’t let me grab a plate. 
“Hey,” said the old man, motioning towards the food. “Whatcha waiting for, Red?”
I despised being called “Red”. My hair was more brown than red, but it never seemed to matter. Resisting the urge to snap back at him, I replied slowly, “I’m not feeling very well. Kind of nauseous, actually.”
“You’ll feel better if you eat something,” he replied, staring at me with his watery gray eyes. 
“I don’t think so,” I answered, slouching down in the chair. “I’m feeling pretty bad.”
Clement cocked the gun and pointed it at me. “Trust me, you have no idea how bad you’re gonna feel if you don’t eat.”
More angry than scared, I clenched my jaw, grabbed a plate, and began filling it with food.
He lowered the gun.  
Just then, there was the sound of a grandfather clock chiming in a nearby room. The two men looked at each other uneasily.
“So, what happened to the other two guys?” asked Tara, pushing the stuffing and turkey around on her plate with her fork. “Did they crawl back to their holes?”
“I’d watch my mouth if I was you,” said Clement. “Those fellers aren’t the kind you want to piss off.”
Tara’s cocked an eyebrow and sneered. “You mean the kind of sicko pricks who enjoy torturing innocent people?”
I thought she’d nailed it on the head, but Clement shook his head. “They’re much worse than that. Now, shut your trap and eat before they get back to the house.”
She put her fork down. “Why are you so worried about us eating? I just don’t get that.”
“Cause we were ordered to make sure you eat,” said Clement. “So eat.”
“Ordered or paid to threaten and torture innocent women and children?” I muttered, glaring up at him.
His lips thinned. “Looky here, we haven’t tortured any of you…”
“Clement,” warned Darnell. “Enough.”
Clement let out a ragged sigh. “Just eat your food, dammit, and quit asking questions.”
  Sighing myself, I stuck a forkful of turkey into my mouth. 
“Um, I have to use the bathroom,” said Marie, who seemed to be playing with her food.
“Oh, hell,” said Darnell, putting his fork down. “Why does this not surprise me?”
“Please,” she said, smiling sheepishly. “I’m sorry, I just can’t help it.”
“Fine. Anyone else need to go?” he asked, standing up. 
We all raised our hands. 
“Women,” muttered Clement. “Okay, one at a time. I’ll watch the ones at the table while you bring ‘em to the toilet.”
“Okay. Let’s go. You first,” said Darnell, waving his gun at Marie.
Something in her eyes told me she was planning to do more than pee. “Wait,” I said, pushing myself away from the table. “We should go two at a time. It will be much quicker.”
Darnell eyed me suspiciously.
I tilted my head. “What? Do you think we’re going to try and escape down the toilet together or something?
Tara snorted.
He gave me a dirty look.
“Come on. Going together makes much more sense, doesn’t it?” I prodded. “It’ll take half the time.”
He relented. “Fine.”
I stepped away from the table and he moved behind the both of us, his gun near the back of my neck. “Down the hall to the right,” he ordered. “Then up the stairs. Keep your voices down.”
I followed Marie to a dilapidated staircase, which was old and creaked with every step. When we reached the top, it was dark. “It’s down there. Keep your voices down or you’ll regret it.”
When we reached the bathroom, we closed the door, separating him from us.
Marie leaned against the doorway and sighed.
I put my finger to my lips and walked to the window. It was small, but definitely escapable. I tried pushing it open, but it wouldn’t budge.
“What’s going on in there?” whispered Darnell as Marie and I stared at each other. “It’s too quiet.”
“Jesus, can I take my jeans off?” Marie hollered back.
“Shh…” he answered. 
Marie stared down at the toilet, which was surprisingly clean. “Did anyone ever tell this guy that it’s impolite and more than a little weird to listen to someone trying to go potty?”
“Just do it,” he grunted from the outside of the door.
She smirked. “It’d be a lot easier without a guy listening in.”
I tried the window again, this time with success.
“Sorry, Emily,” lied Marie loudly. “I must have eaten something really bad. This is going to take a few minutes. Back up, Darnell, or you’re going to be in for a real unpleasant treat.”
Biting back a smile, I stuck my head out of the window and wondered if breaking a leg would be worth trying to escape.
It was a long way down.
“Go,” she whispered into my ear.
Taking a deep breath, I pulled myself out of the window and started crawling down the lower section of the roof. When I reached the edge, I sighed in relief, it wasn’t as high up as I’d originally thought. I turned and lowered my body, until I was hanging from the edge. I then dropped down onto the porch, followed by Marie, who was now sporting a pair of sunglasses.
“Come on,” she said, pulling me forward. 
As we started running, I could hear Darnell screaming from the bathroom window.
“Bye, suckers!” laughed Marie as we ran away from the house and towards the fields.
“What about the others?” I hollered, looking back. “We can’t just leave them!”
“We have to. We’ll get help… send someone to rescue them. Come on, before it’s too late!” 
We ran as fast as we could away from the house, next to the dirt road leading away from the farm. It seemed to go on for miles and as I looked ahead, I knew we’d be caught if we didn’t get away from the open road.
“We need to go into the woods,” I pointed towards the trees up ahead. “Otherwise, they’ll catch us for sure.”
“Okay,” she huffed.
Just as we made it to the cover of the trees, we heard an engine in the distance.
“Keep going, Marie!” I prodded.
“Wait!” she gasped, as she was lagging farther behind. 
I glanced back.
She held her side. “I should have never started smoking!”
“Just keep running and don’t look back,” I hollered, as we headed deeper into the woods.
“Yeah… sure… where are we going?” she gasped out.
“I’m not sure,” I yelled back, leaping over a large branch. “But we have to keep moving!”
“Wait!” cried Marie.
Groaning, I stopped and turned around.
She was bent over with her hands on her knees, panting. “Yeah… I just have to… catch my breath.”
I stared past her towards the direction of the road, expecting Darnell to come barreling through the trees.
“Do you think he saw us?” she asked.
“Probably. We really need to keep moving.”
She straightened up. “Okay.”
We started running again, going even deeper into the woods. Once I thought we were fairly safe, I stopped to rest.
“Where are we?” she asked, leaning her palm against a birch tree.
“I don’t know,” I replied, looking around. It was hard to see anything with so many tall trees. I couldn’t even tell if we were headed towards the mountains. 
She frowned. “Great, we’re lost.”
“Well, it’s certainly better than being a prisoner.”
She closed her eyes and touched the bridge of her nose. “God, my dad is going to flip out.”
“Would you quit worrying about him?” I said. “He’s the least of your worries right now.”
“Oh, if you knew him, you’d say differently. He can be a real monster.”
“Come on. Let’s just get moving.”
“What if we’re heading farther into the wilderness? We could get really lost.”
I bit my lower lip. 
She was right. The deeper we went, the higher our risk of bumping into something a lot scarier than our captors – bears, mountain lion, even moose. There was no way we’d be able to defend ourselves against them.
“Maybe we should wait here for a while and then head back the way we came before sunset. When it’s dark, we can follow the dirt road to the nearest town,” said Marie.
“Wherever that may be. Something tells me I’m a long way from home.”
“Where are you from?” she asked.
“Missoula.”
“I’m from Polson.”
“I wonder where we are?” 
“I’m not sure,” she replied with a smirk. “I left my map at home.”
I grunted. 
“You okay?” she asked.
“I’m just so thirsty. What about you?”
“Me too,” she replied.
I wiped the sweat from my forehead. “We need to find water.”
“Even if we do, it’s probably not safe to drink anything not bottled or out of a tap.”
She was probably right. “Maybe, but we need to stay hydrated.”
It was warm, in the eighties, we hadn’t drunk anything for hours, and we’d just run what felt like a marathon. I needed to find something to drink – and soon.
I wiped more sweat from my face and noticed that I was feeling dizzy. “I don’t feel well.”
Marie stepped closer. Her forehead wrinkled. “You’re very pale. You should sit down.”
I swallowed. “Yeah, you’re right. Just for a little while… it won’t hurt, I suppose.” I staggered over to a large tree and slid down until I was leaning against the base of the tree. 
She walked over to me and knelt down. “Don’t worry. Rest. I’ll keep watch.”
My eyes felt heavy. “Okay. Thanks.”
Marie touched my shoulder and squeezed it. “Just rest,” she repeated, staring into my eyes. “Sleep.”
“Yeah. Okay,” I whispered, falling asleep.

Chapter Five

I opened my eyes. It was dark and all I could hear were crickets chirping in the shadows and leaves blowing in the trees.
As I blinked and stared in confusion, everything came rushing back. Martin, the barn, Gloria’s body in the loft, escaping from the rooftop with Marie.
“Marie,” I croaked, my throat sore.
She didn’t answer.
I stood up and shivered. The temperature had to have fallen by at least twenty degrees.
“Marie?” I whispered loudly, brushing at a small spider on my sleeve.
Where in the hell was Marie?
Something moved in the bushes ahead of me and I froze. I stared at it for a few seconds, holding my breath.
Probably a squirrel or small animal, I told myself. 
Hoping that I was just being paranoid and Marie had also fallen asleep somewhere nearby, I began searching for her.
“Marie,” I called out again, my voice echoing in the night.
The moon was full but the darkness made it hard to see much of anything. I called out for her a couple more times as I walked around, but she didn’t answer. After a while, I began to wonder if she’d decided to abandon me, or worse – she’d wandered gotten lost.  
Just then, the sound of twigs snapping made me jump. I whipped around, but found myself alone.
I released my breath and told myself to calm down. It was a forest and there were small animals everywhere. I began walking again, praying that I was headed in the right direction, whichever that was.
“Emily….”
Alarmed, I stopped and looked around, unsure if I’d imagined the voice. A gust of wind blew my hair and I brushed off the sound, blaming it on the wind and my overactive imagination. 
Shivering, I shoved my hands into my sweatshirt pockets and began walking through the woods again. After a few steps, however, something made me look up into the trees. A pair of reddish-orange eyes stared back down at me and I gasped in horror. 
That was not an owl.
Terrified, I began to run.
“Emily…”
This time there was no doubt in my mind that someone or something was calling my name. The voice was eerie, with an almost feminine quality.
I pushed myself forward, the blood rushing to my ears as the voice called my name again, this time followed by mocking laughter.
“You can’t escape…”
Scared to death, I choked back a sob and kept running, my legs moving faster than I’d have ever thought possible. Soon my eyes filled with tears, making it harder for me to see, and before I could blink them away, I tripped over something on the ground and flew forward onto my knees. 
“Emily…”
I scrambled back onto my feet, trying to ignore the throbbing in my left knee, but the hot intensity of the pain was overwhelming.
“How did that feel?”
I turned around to find Martin staring at me, his eyes like hot cinders. He stepped towards me. “Funny how we keep meeting at night.”
I backed away from him. “Don’t you fucking come near me!”
“Such foul language,” he said with a chuckle.
“I mean it, Martin. I’m not afraid of you, and I’m certainly not going to let you take me back to that barn.”
He sighed. “Come on now. You disobeyed, Emily. Now you have to learn to deal with the consequences.”
“Look, you can’t just kidnap someone and expect them not to try and escape.”
He didn’t say anything, just stared at me quietly. Expecting me to obey him.
Fuck it.
I turned around and started limping away. Twenty steps later, I found him blocking my path.  
How had he gotten in front of me?
“Surprise,” he said, grinning smugly. “See, you can’t possibly escape. So why even bother running? I mean… limping.” 
Sick of his arrogance, I clenched my fists and decided that I wasn’t going to go down without a fight. “So now what?” I hollered. “You’re going to teach me a lesson by killing me?”
His eyes glittered in the darkness. “If it were left to me, I wouldn’t, but...”
“What’s wrong with your eyes?” I interrupted. They were beginning to glow an eerie reddish-orange color.   
He took a step towards me. “You know, your fire intrigues me,” he said, reaching forward. He put his finger under my chin and raised it. “It’s… exciting, actually.”
I felt like I was in a trance as he caressed the side of my cheek with the pad of his finger.
“Truth is, I’m not quite sure what to do with you,” he whispered, eyeing me appraisingly. 
I swallowed hard.
His lips curved up and something warm and delicious ignited deep within me as our eyes held. It spread from my pelvis all the way to my fingertips. 
“What’s happening?” I whispered, my legs turning to jelly. 
He put a hand around my waist to hold me up and slid the other one behind my neck. “Don’t fight it,” he whispered, staring into my eyes. 
I couldn’t understand what was happening. A minute ago I wanted to get as far away from him as possible. Now, thoughts of his lips on mine made me tingle all over. As if he could read my thoughts, he lowered his mouth towards mine and I held my breath. 
“Emily,” he said in a husky voice. “Your scent is driving me crazy. I don’t know whether to kiss you or…”
“Kiss me,” I whispered, anticipating his mouth, hungry for it.
“Stop!” ordered a strong voice behind us.
Martin growled and released me.
I fell to the ground.
“What in the hell are you doing?” snapped Marie angrily, staring at Martin. 
He put his hands behind his back and stood with his legs apart, glaring at her in silence.
“Marie!” I gasped, standing up. “Thank God you’re okay!” She turned to me and I noticed in shock that her eyes were glowing the same way Martin’s had just moments ago. 
She smiled coldly and turned back to Martin. “I’m fine. But I’ll be better after I feed. Obviously there’s been a holdup.”
Feed? 
“Forget this one,” said Martin in a clipped voice. “Let me have her.”
Marie snorted. “Oh, you’d like that, wouldn’t you? Keep her as a pet?”
“What in the hell is going on?” I asked, my eyes darting between the two of them. 
“You know the rules,” said Marie, ignoring me. “She’s mine.”
Realizing now that Marie wasn’t exactly who she said she was, and obviously a bigger threat than Martin, I moved closer to him.
Martin swore under his breath. “I’m sorry, Emily. You’d better run. I wish there was something I could do.”
I stared at him in confusion. “Do? About what?” 
“Martin,” warned Marie. 
He clenched his jaw. “Please, get… out… of… here. Now.”
Marie smiled broadly, her teeth glowing in the darkness. “Yes, run away. I live for the hunt. It’s much more fun.”
I stared at the fangs between her lips in disbelief. 
Fangs?
“Listen, I’ll give you a thirty-second head start,” she said. “And there will be no help from Martin. I’m telling my father, by the way. When he’s recovered fully.”
He rolled his eyes. “Your threats don’t frighten me, Celeste.”
I looked at her. “Celeste?”
“Marie is my middle name.” She wrinkled her nose. “By the way, why are you still here?”
I have to be dreaming, I thought. It’s the only thing that made sense. 
Not needing any more prodding, I turned and began limping through the woods, away from the strange couple, convinced that any minute I’d wake up in my bed. Obviously, sleeping in a new place and a late-night snack of peanut butter had corrupted my dreams, giving me nightmares. 
I clenched my jaw as the pain in my knee grew worse. 
Strange, I never remembered feeling pain in any of my other dreams.  
As these thoughts ran through my head, I noticed a structure up ahead, past the trees. With a renewed surge of hope, I made a beeline towards it, certain that things had to get start getting better. My hope was soon squashed, however, when I realized where in the hell I was. 
“No,” I gasped in disbelief.
I’d somehow backtracked and ended up at the barn. 
Trying not to panic, I looked around the property, noticing the house was lit up like a Christmas tree. I wondered if the others were still alive, but I was too chicken to find out. Injured and thirsty, I couldn’t be of much help to anyone at the moment.
Wincing as another hot rush of pain seared through my knee, I decided to hide in the barn before Martin and Marie, or whatever her damn name was, found me. Obviously, they were both nuts.
I peeked inside of the barn. It was dark and appeared empty. As I limped inside, I heard a soft moan and froze.
“Help me,” a girl’s voice pleaded.
I stared up towards the loft. “Tara?”
She didn’t answer.
Taking a deep breath, I walked over to the ladder. “Don’t worry, I’m coming to help you.”
“Emily,” she moaned. “Help me.”
I started climbing the ladder, wondering exactly what I was going to find above. Fairly certain that it was still a dream and that nothing could really hurt me, I willed myself up each step. When I reached the top and looked over the edge, I saw her.
“Tara?” 
She was lying down on her back, her head facing the wall. 
“Hey,” I whispered, crawling over the edge and onto the wooden platform. “Are you okay?”
She didn’t answer.
Wondering if she’d fallen asleep, I crawled over to her. “Tara,” I whispered, touching her shoulder.
She turned her face to me and I gasped in horror.
“I can’t tell you how happy I am to see you,” she said, smiling broadly.
I stared down at her glowing red eyes and sharp teeth that were definitely inhuman. “Ohmygod! Tara, what did they do to you?” 
Her hand snaked out and grabbed my throat. “I’m so hungry, Emily,” she said, her eyes glowing even brighter. “Please understand that this isn’t anything… personal.”
I tried prying her fingers away from my neck, but I couldn’t.  
She smiled. “I know, right? I’m so freaking strong now. It’s amazing.” 
Frightened and hysterical, I tried scratching at her eyes, but she was fast, blocking all of my attempts. We started rolling around and soon she was on top, staring down at me with triumph. “Well, it’s been… real.”
I tried flipping her off of me, but she held me in place with thighs that were incredibly powerful. “Please,” I gasped. 
“You shouldn’t have tried escaping without me,” she said, baring her fangs. “Although, I’m not really complaining much. I had an awesome time with Brandon. That guy knows his way around a girl; you know what I’m saying?”
I didn’t have a clue.
Unable to move, I closed my eyes and prayed that this was still just part of a nightmare. Mercifully, before her teeth ripped into my neck, my prayers were answered. 
Well, almost.  
Her hands released me and I opened my eyes to find Marie holding Tara by the throat over the edge of the loft. Tara’s eyes were bulging as she tried unwrapping Marie’s fingers from her throat as she hung helplessly.
“Nobody steals from me,” growled Marie.
I scooted away on the ground, but something grabbed me from behind. 
“No!” I screamed, flailing my arms and legs.
“This one’s a fighter to the bitter end,” said the man holding me, his voice raspy. He tightened his grip and pulled my hair away from my neck. “Oh, but the scent of her fear is… delicious.”
Marie dropped Tara, who’d passed out, over the edge and turned towards us. “Daddy, you’re awake.”
“Lucky for me. Tara fed from me while I slept,” he growled angrily. “Good thing I woke up before she got too far. I almost killed her, but this one walked into the barn before I could finish the job.”
She scowled. “How did Tara change?”
He sighed. “Apparently, Brandon had his way with her.”
“Brandon?” she fumed. “Are you sure it wasn’t Martin?”
“Oh, it was Brandon. I heard her tell this one,” he said, sniffing my neck.
I shuddered.
“Don’t worry – I’ll take care of him once I feed. Nobody cheats on my daughter.”
“Please, let me go,” I begged. 
“You’re still not fully healed,” she replied, ignoring me. Her eyes softened. “Why don’t you have this one?
“Oh, I plan on it,” he said. “But don’t worry, Celeste. We’ll get you fed before we reach Shore Lake.”
My eyes filled with tears. “Please, let me go.”
Celeste, or whatever her name was, walked over and kneeled next to me. “You should be honored,” she said, wiping a tear from my cheek. “Your blood will help daddy regain the rest of his strength.” 
I glared at her. “You people are all crazy.”
She tilted her head and smiled. “Poor thing… you still don’t get it, do you?”
My eyes narrowed. “No. Why don’t you enlighten me?”
Her eyes left mine and moved to her father. “Daddy? Why don’t you show her?”
He released me and I scooted away. When I turned around and finally had my first glimpse of the creature holding me, I gasped in revulsion.
He smiled coldly. “How’s this for enlightenment?”
Although he had dark hair and bright blue eyes, it was the only thing humanly recognizable. With his lack of skin and organs exposed, he reminded me of something I’d seen in a science book – a body without skin.
I shuddered in revulsion.
“This is what happens when you’re doused with gasoline and lit on fire,” he rasped. “Yes, people actually did this to me on purpose.” His eyes narrowed. “Your father, being one of them.”
I stared at him in disbelief. “My father?”
Marie laughed coldly. “Your father, Tara’s father, Amy’s uncle, and Anna’s husband. Oh, and Gloria’s husband. You never got the chance to meet her. Daddy did, though, didn’t you?”
“Yes. Unfortunately, she just wasn’t enough to fix all of this damage,” he said, looking down at himself. “Hopefully, your blood along with the others… will do the trick.”
“I had nothing to do with this,” I protested, wishing I’d just wake up soon. This dream was disturbing and not getting any better.
“No, but your father’s platoon did and I had to suffer being buried alive. If it wasn’t for my children finding me…” He coughed several times. 
“Daddy?” said Celeste.
He cleared his throat and raised his hand. “I’m okay.” After several seconds, his eyes drifted back to mine. “I had to endure twenty years of being trapped underground. You have no idea how something like that can destroy a man’s will to live.” He closed his eyes. “How many times a day, I prayed for death and asked for God’s mercy. Well, my prayers were ignored.” He opened his eyes. “The only other thing that kept me sane was planning my revenge the last few years. Vengeance against those who buried me alive.”
I swallowed. “Vengeance? You mean, killing innocent people.”
“Unfortunately, yes. I agree… you’re all innocent, but losing you will hurt your father more than his own death.”
“There’s another way.”
We all turned to see Martin standing next to the loft window.
“What do you mean?” asked the ghoulish creature. 
“He tried killing you because of what you are. What if we make his daughter a Roamer too?” said Martin.
A Roamer? 
“No!” hollered Celeste. “You just want her for yourself, that’s why you’re coming up with this nonsense.”
His eyes flickered to me. “I won’t lie, I fancy Emily. But, still… think about it. She will become what he tried to destroy.” he smiled. “It’s poetic justice.”
He sighed. “Son…”
Martin moved closer. “Father, I’ve never asked for much. You know that.”
“That’s because he hasn’t seen you in twenty years,” muttered Celeste.
As they argued my fate, I looked around the barn, wondering what I was going to do. There was no way I’d allow them to make me a Roamer, whatever the hell that meant. And dying… well obviously that had to be far worse and more painful.
I thought about my overprotective father and it was obvious how he figured into this dream. After everything I’d seen, and now hearing this nonsense of how the creature before me had been buried alive for twenty years, I was now fully convinced that I was sleeping. 
Well, it was time to wake up.
“Okay,” I said, standing up. “This is the longest nightmare I’ve ever had and… well… I’m really sick of being in it.”
They all stared at me.
I sighed. “Look, I have a lot of things to do before school starts – unpacking, grocery shopping, finding a part-time job. Anyway, it’s been interesting, but… I really need to wake up, so,” I turned towards the edge of the loft. “I’m waking up.”
“Emily!” hollered Martin.
Ignoring him, I stepped off the ledge and dropped, expecting to wake up in my warm bed.
Instead I landed with a loud thud. 
The pain was excruciating at first. And then, there was nothing.
Martin flew down from the loft and kneeled next to me. He touched my arm, but I couldn’t feel anything.
“Oh, Emily,” he sighed.
I tried to speak, but couldn’t.
“Is she alive?” asked Celeste, staring down at me.
Yes, I am!
“She’s blinking,” said Martin, his eyes softening. 
“Look at the way she landed. She probably shattered every bone in her body,” said Celeste.
I didn’t hear his answer because everything went black.

 
Chapter Six


I opened my eyes and heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
“Thank God,” I said, sitting up in bed. I chuckled and stood up. “No more peanut butter before bed. Never again.”
Hell, the thought of peanut butter almost made me nauseous. 
My cell phone rang.
I walked over to my dresser and picked it up. 
My dad.
“Hi, dad.”
“Where in the hell have you been?” he growled. 
“In bed, sleeping?” I replied, rolling my eyes. I looked at my alarm clock and it was only nine-thirty in the morning. “I guess I slept in a little.”
“Don’t be a smartass,” he said. “Your mother and I have been worried sick about you. Jesus, we almost took a trip back out there to make sure you were okay. But we promised to give you your space and… oh, hell, maybe this apartment was a mistake.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked. 
“Have you checked your phone lately?”
“No, I just woke up. I had a late night.”
“I guess. Look, we’ve left you several messages the last couple of days and heard nothing from you. Your poor mother has been on the brink of a nervous breakdown not hearing back from you.”
“Last couple of days?” I asked, confused.
“Yeah, it’s Saturday.”
I paused. Did he just really say Saturday?
“Emily.”
“Uh, yeah”
“Are you okay?” he asked. “You aren’t doing drugs now, are you?”
“No!” I protested. 
“Your mother wants to talk to you.”
She got on the phone. “What’s going on, Emily?”
“Uh, nothing. I’m fine,” I lied.
“Do you want us to come and get you?”
“No,” I said, rubbing the bridge of my nose. “Mom, I’m fine. Look, I have to go to the bathroom. I’ll call you guys back in an hour or so.”
“Okay, honey. Are you sure you’re okay?”
No.
Was it really Saturday?
Am I still dreaming?
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“Okay. Call us back as soon as you can, dear.”
“I will.”
“I love you, honey.”
“I love you, too, mom.”
We hung up and I looked at my phone. Sure enough, it showed Saturday and several missed calls.
Dazed, I shuffled to the bathroom and turned on the light.
“What the hell?” I whispered, staring at my pale face. 
Scratch that, it wasn’t just pale, it was ghostly white.
I leaned closer and studied my emerald eyes, which seemed unusually bright.
“Okay, I’m still dreaming,” I said out loud.
I touched my cheek and it was cool. 
“Okay, wake up,” I said, pinching my cheeks, hard. “Come on.”
I winced. Okay, I’m not sleeping.
Was I sick? That made sense. It would explain a lot and I had to admit, my throat was a little scratchy. 
I opened my mouth to check my tongue and screamed out loud.
Fangs!?
“Oh, my God,” I gasped, touching them. The tips were sharp. Sharp enough to sink into someone’s throat. To drink their blood. 
My stomach growled hungrily.
Horrified, I slid down to my knees and began to cry.
***

The End

 
Blur
(Night Roamers)

Book One

By Kristen Middleton
 
Copyedited by:
Carolyn M. Pinard
www.thesupernaturalbookeditor.com

Cover Design – A collaboration by
Mae I Design and Emma Michaels
www.maeidesign.com
www.Emma Michaels.com


 
 
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.  
Copyright ©2012 by Kristen Middleton
All rights reserved.

Warning – This book has adult situations and is intended for mature readers. 

 
 
No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author. 


 
Prologue


“Mom left the door unlocked,” I hollered at my twin brother as he slammed the door to his ’67 Mustang. It was the last day of eleventh grade, and we’d stopped off for burgers and malts at Grannie’s Diner with some friends to celebrate after school. Nathan and I were officially seniors and neither of us could wipe the grins from our faces. 
“That’s weird,” he said, brushing a hand through his sandy-brown hair. “You know how she’s always nagging us about doing it.”
I grinned and held the door open for him. “I’m certainly not going to let her live this one down.”   
Mom was married to a cop once, my father, and he’d drilled into her head how important it was to keep the doors locked, even when you’re home.
Nathan followed me into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. 
“Oh, my God,” I teased him. “How can you still be hungry after eating that monster burger and malt?”
He flexed a muscle. “I’m growing,” he said. “Just ‘cause you’re a skinny little twerp doesn’t mean everyone else has to eat like a bird.”
I walked over and punched him in the arm. “Very funny.”
He smiled and raised the milk carton to take a swig when we both heard it.
“What’s that?” I whispered.
He slammed down the milk and rushed out of the kitchen. 
“Nathan?” I yelled, chasing him upstairs. The sobs were coming from somewhere in the upper level of the house and my stomach twisted in horror. 
Mom?
“Oh, my God,” he choked, entering her dark bedroom. She was lying naked on the floor next to the bed, her face swollen and bleeding, her body badly bruised.  
We rushed to her side and she cracked open one of her black eyes. “Call the police,” she mumbled, barely coherent.
I started to cry as I grabbed the phone and dialed nine-one-one. I don’t even remember talking to the person who’d answered. All I know is that I was blubbering and she was trying to console me with the fact that help was coming. 
I hung up and stared at my broken mother in shock, feeling helpless and frightened. Thankfully, Nathan handled stress much better than I did.
He grabbed a comforter and covered her gently.  “Mom, what happened?” he asked, pushing her dark bangs away from her eyes.
The shame on her face was heart-wrenching and I pretty much knew by her appearance what had happened. She’d obviously been beaten and raped.
I brushed the tears from my face, kneeled down next to her, and lightly touched her hand. “The police and ambulance are on their way.”
She nodded and closed her eyes.
“Mom?” prodded Nathan. “What happened?”
“Nathan, think about it,” I whispered. “She’s been raped.”
His lips trembled as he searched her face. “Mom, some stranger broke in here and… did this?”  
She opened her eyes and stared at both of us for a few seconds. “No… no stranger,” she whispered hoarsely. “It was your father.”

 
Chapter One


“Are we almost there?” I asked, staring through my sunglasses at the endless rows of cornfields. We’d been driving for hours through the countryside and I could no longer tell the difference from one town to the next. More than anything, I just wanted to get out of the car and stretch my legs, which were starting to tingle in an uncomfortable way.
Mom cleared her throat. “Pretty soon.”
Nathan was following us in his Mustang and I glanced back to see him talking on his cell phone once again. 
“Oh, Lord,” I said, leaning my head back against the headrest. “He must be talking to Deanna for the tenth time. She just won’t get over the fact that we’re really moving.”
Mom tightened her hands on the steering wheel and glanced at me. “I’m sorry about this. I’m just so sorry… about everything.”
I groaned. “Mom, for crying out loud, it’s not your fault. I can’t even believe you’re feeling guilty about it. I mean, nobody had any idea that he could be so violent.”
It had been less than three months since my father had brutally attacked my mother. They’d been separated for the last couple of years because of his sporadic temper tantrums, along with his inability to stop screwing other women. When my mother had finally gotten up the nerve to leave him, surprisingly, he’d actually been pretty civil about it. Then, when he’d found out she’d moved on emotionally and started dating again, he’d went off in a jealous rage, striking back at her viciously. We were all still stunned about the horrifying ordeal.
“I just wish they could locate him,” she said, staring straight ahead. “He’s… crazy.”
I nodded. I was so ashamed, that any thoughts of him made me physically ill. It was still really hard to believe that my own father was capable of being so violent, especially since he’d been a cop and responsible for keeping people safe. After the attack, he’d disappeared, and my poor mother had spent several nights in the hospital recovering. When she finally came home, she wasn’t able to sleep at night without drugs, terrified that he’d show up and beat her again. Then, just recently, she’d been given a gift; a way out. Her employer offered her an accounting job in Montana and that’s where all three of us were now headed; to start a new life.
“I think it’s good that Nathan’s getting away from Deanna anyway,” I said, staring in dismay at my short, stubbly nails. Not that they’d been perfect before, but all of the packing and cleaning had taken its toll. “She’s so whiny and annoying.”
Mom smiled wryly. “Now, Nikki, you haven’t liked any of Nathan’s girlfriends.”
 “It’s not my fault he attracts the psycho ones.”
She burst out laughing and I smiled, enjoying a sound that was finally finding its way back into our lives again.
 “God, you’re awful,” she said, shaking her head in amusement. 
I snorted. “Oh, come on. You know I’m right.”
She grabbed her Ray-Bans from the center column and plopped them onto her nose. “Yeah, he’s a little too young to be tied down to just one girl. So if you ask me, this move will be healthy for the both of them.”
“Oh, I’m sure Deanna will find someone else by next week anyway.” I made a face. “She’s so freaken needy.”
“You really don’t like her, do you?”
I shrugged. 
Deep down, I knew I wasn’t being totally fair, because the truth was, I was a little jealous. My brother and I had always been very close, especially living in such a dysfunctional family environment. My earliest memories were of my parents screaming and fighting, especially during the holidays. So, we’d weathered the storms together. In fact, for all of our lives, we’d been best friends; sharing and doing everything together. That is, until the tenth grade, when he’d discovered boobs, I mean girls. Of course I’d discovered boys as well; I’d discovered that most of them in my school were crude, boring, or just plain boobs. 
“So, mom,” I said, changing a subject in which, I had to admit, left me feeling a little guilty. “What were you saying about this place we’re renting?”
She grinned. “I guess it’s just beautiful. It’s a cabin on Shore Lake that’s been on the market for some time. The owners are related to Ernie, and because of our circumstances; they’re letting us stay there relatively cheap.”
Ernie was my mom’s boss; a really nice old man who’s been very supportive. He’s been like a father-figure to her, which is good because both of her parents passed away several years ago, and aside from us, she doesn’t have anyone else.
“A cabin sounds really cool. Do they happen to have a boat?”
“Yes, actually, and Ernie says he’s caught hundreds of fish on the lake, so we’ve got to check it out. I’m really excited about staying there. Honey, are you okay?”
“Something in my eye,” I muttered as I pulled down the visor. I blinked until I finally got the eyelash out. 
I touched my long, unruly hair and frowned. It had been almost six months since I’d last had it cut; now it was down to my lower back and I was constantly fighting snarls. “Jeez, I could really use a haircut.”
She put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed. “Don’t worry, honey. We’ll get you one before school starts. Once I get some extra money, you know?”
“Sure.”
I bit my lower lip and examined my reflection. Sandy brown hair, light blue eyes, and a pug nose. I’d always considered myself average looking, even though my mom said I looked exactly like her when she was growing up, and she turned out to be attractive. In fact, most of Nathan’s friends said she was a hot MILF, which was pretty gross, but I guess that meant there was still hope for me. 
I closed the visor and leaned my head back against the seat. “I wonder what the school is like.”
I was definitely a little nervous about going to a new school, although, truthfully, I knew I wouldn’t particularly miss the old one much. In fact, you could say I was sort of a loner. Sure, there were a couple of girls I’d hung out with back home occasionally, but I preferred to be alone most of the time, or hanging out with Nathan. 
“Ernie didn’t say much, but honestly, I don’t expect him to know. He’s in his seventies and never had children.”
“I’m sure it will be fine.”
I really didn’t want my mom to worry about me. She was the one who needed the extra support from us and I wasn’t about to make her feel any more guilty about moving than she already did. 
She slapped her fingers on the steering wheel. “Oh, I forgot to tell you, they have a computer, so you can surf the Internet.”
“Really? That’s cool,” I smiled. Although we used computers at school and my mom had her own laptop, I’d been nagging her forever about getting me one of my own. 
“Yes, but you’ll have to share it with your brother. I’d let you guys use mine, but…”
I smirked. “I know, you have too many important files and you don’t want anything happening to your computer.”
“Now you have one to use,” she answered. “And I won’t have to listen to you two badger me about it, anymore.”
“At least I can download books from the library,” I replied. “We’ll be in the middle of nowhere out here and I’ll need something to do.”
“Oh, I’m sure you’ll find plenty of things to do. Wait until you start school and meet some new friends. Or,” her face lit up, “maybe even some cute boys.”
I rolled my eyes. “Right. I doubt very much that’s going to happen.”
“Why in Heaven’s name would you say that? You’re a very pretty girl, Nikki. Don’t sell yourself short.”
The truth was, I couldn’t care less about meeting anyone at the moment. Most of the girls at my old school had been constantly stressed out because of their immature boyfriends and I wasn’t about to go down that road, especially in my last year of high school. “It doesn’t matter.”  
 She frowned. “Sure it does. You’ll want to go to all the dances, and then there’s the prom. You don’t want to miss out on all the fun. You’ll regret it later.”
“Didn’t you go with dad to the prom?” I asked, then immediately felt rotten when I saw the bitterness reflected in her eyes.
“I did,” she said slowly. “But, he wasn’t always so… volatile. And, really, he’s among the very few out there like that. You know, Nikki, you can’t be afraid of the world because your dad has some issues.”
Yeah, but weren’t we running because she was still very much afraid? 
Of course, I didn’t dare mention that. Instead, I just changed the subject.
“So, how much farther of a drive do we have, mom?” I asked, noticing the mountains coming up in the distance.  
“Oh, just a couple more hours,” she replied, plugging in her iPod. Seconds later, Adele, began to sing about Rumors. 
I stretched my arms and yawned.
“Honey,” she said, lowering her sunglasses, “you look beat; why don’t you try and get some rest? I’ll wake you when we get there.”
“Okay,” I said, closing my eyes. “Maybe I’ll just take a little nap.”

~~~

“Why not, mom? I just don’t understand,” protested Nathan.
She sighed. “Can we please talk about Deanna later?”
I woke up to the sound of mom and Nathan arguing. We were parked by a small grocery store and he was standing outside of her window, pouting.
“Oh God, not now,” I mumbled. It was getting dark and we’d missed dinner and my stomach was protesting. I was cranky, and the last thing I needed was to hear any more drama about Deanna.
“Can’t she just come for a week before school starts?” said Nathan. “She’s having a rough time with her parents, and now that I’m gone, things have gotten even worse. It’s not fair for her.”
She shook her head. “No, we have too much to do with unpacking and getting ready for school. Maybe she can come and visit sometime after it starts for a weekend.”
“This is all bullshit,” he snapped, backing up from the window. He raised his hands in exasperation. “We could have stayed home. I would’ve protected you. Now we’re forced to move, and you didn’t even give me a chance.”
“Nathan!” I gasped. “You are the one not being fair. Mom’s been through so much and you’re just mad because you can’t see Deanna whenever you want. God, you’re being an asshole.”
His face turned red and he opened up his mouth to retaliate when mom quickly interrupted.
“Okay, let’s all settle down. Quit pointing fingers at each other, and Nikki, watch your mouth.”
“Sorry,” I mumbled.
“Listen, it isn’t either of your faults, okay? And, Nathan,” she said, smiling sadly, “I’m grateful that you want to protect me, but you can’t possibly follow me around twenty-four hours a day, nor do I expect you to be my personal bodyguard. Now, as far as Deanna goes, we’ll talk about it later. Comprende?”
He nodded but was still sulking and I could tell that this conversation was far from over.
She noticed it as well and rubbed her forehead in frustration. “Okay, let’s get the things we need in the grocery store before it gets dark. I don’t want to get lost while searching for this cabin.”
“Let’s go,” I said, opening my door.
Nathan followed us into the store, still moping. 
“Nathan, would you please cheer up?” she pleaded when we were in the frozen pizza section and he refused to pick out food.
“Yeah,” I said. “Don’t ruin our first night here because of a girl who’s probably lining up her next soul-mate as we speak.”
“Would you just shut-up?” he snapped. “You’re just jealous because you didn’t leave anyone behind that mattered.”
I took a step towards him. “Excuse me? Jealous!?”
“Stop it!” hissed mom, getting into both of our faces. “We’re in public and you’re both acting… ridiculous. Now, I’m sorry that we had to move, I really am. But we’re here now and there’s no turning back. So get it together, or I swear to God, I won’t buy any ice cream.”
Nathan raised his hands in the air. “Okay, mom, just settle down. We can talk about this, no need to bring ice cream into the equation. That’s cruel.”
She smirked. “That’s what I thought.” She then turned to me. “What about you? Are you going to lay off Deanna, who isn’t even here to defend herself?”
“Fine,” I replied tightly. “As long as he stops talking about her every five minutes.”
“Whatever,” he replied, shaking his head. 
She closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “You know, maybe this was a mistake, I don’t know.” She opened her eyes. “But, what’s done is done, and we have to make the best of it. So, please, quit arguing and let’s try to make the best of this. Okay?”    
We both agreed, but avoided eye contact. 
“Okay,” she said, smiling again. “Now, let’s finish this up and find the cabin. I think you’re going to really like living out here if you just give it a chance. I mean, come on, you have to admit – the scenery is beautiful.” 
“California was beautiful too,” replied Nathan, grabbing a stack of pizzas from the freezer. “I’m just saying…”
She rolled her eyes. “Seriously?”
He put the pizzas in the cart. “Okay, fine, I’ll admit that it’s different here – the fresh air, the mountains, all of the greenness. I guess it’s cool.”
“Thank you. Now, let’s grab some Hot Pockets and Pizza Rolls,” she said, staring at the case.   
I grimaced. “Hot Pockets?”
She motioned her thumb at Nathan. “We need to keep him fed. Those are quick and easy.”
It was true, he was always hungry, and once his blood sugar began to drop, grumpier than all hell. Our dad’s family was prone to Diabetes and mom predicted we’d both end up getting it someday.
I opened the glass door and began sorting through the Hot Pockets with Nathan directing. Forty-five minutes later, the entire cart was full and Deanna was temporarily forgotten. 
“That will be two-hundred-and-forty dollars,” said the cashier, snapping her gum.  
Mom handed the young woman her credit card while the cashier appraised Nathan as he bagged the groceries. When he finished, she smiled. “Thanks. You didn’t have to do that, you know. It’s my job.”
“That’s okay. I don’t mind.”  
“You guys just move here?” she asked, twirling a piece of her blonde hair around her index finger.
I refrained from rolling my eyes.  
“We did,” smiled my mother. “Just today, in fact.”
“Cool,” replied the girl, still staring at him like he was a pair of designer jeans that she couldn’t possibly live without. “See you around.”
“Yeah,” replied Nathan as he began to push the grocery cart outside without a backwards glance.
Mom and I looked at each other in amusement. Sometimes men were so clueless.
“Let’s put the groceries in your car, Nathan,” said mom as we stepped back outside. “Mine is too full already.” 
“Okay,” he replied, veering towards his vehicle.
As we were trying to stuff the food into the back of Nathan’s Mustang, a soft voice greeted us. “Hi. You must be new in town?”
We all turned around to see a striking redhead getting out of a tall Chevy pickup. She wore a miniscule white sundress, which showed off her toned legs, and dark sunglasses, which I thought was a little odd, considering it was dusk.
Nathan’s blue eyes lit up and he grinned. “Yeah, we just pulled into town.”
She removed her sunglasses and smiled back. “I hope you enjoy it here. It’s quaint, but there are lots of things to do, especially after dark.”
Her teeth were pearly white and her hair was a mass of shiny curls. She dropped her keys, and after she bent to retrieve them, tossed her hair back over her shoulder. It was a simple thing, but it had an immediate effect on Nathan. Truthfully, I didn’t think anybody should be that gorgeous.
Before my mother or I could get in a word, Nathan spoke up in a surprisingly deeper voice. “Thanks for the info. Maybe we’ll run into each other sometime.”
 “Maybe. It was really nice meeting you,” she replied, clearly directing it towards Nathan, who looked like he’d all but forgotten about Deanna. Then she sashayed into the store like a runway model while we all stared.
“Wow,” I smirked, turning towards my brother. “You can reel your tongue back in now.”
“What do you mean?” 
I snorted. “Oh, come on, Nathan.”
He smiled innocently. “There’s nothing wrong with being friendly to strangers, especially when they look like that.”
“I think the feeling was mutual,” replied mom, looking at me. “That smile she gave him was enough to light up the entire town.” 
“How can she resist?” he said cockily. “Heck, I’ll bet that I’m the best thing that’s ever walked into this town.”
I rolled my eyes. “Oh, Lord. Here we go.”
He flexed left arm muscle. “Oh, come on, you know I’m right.”
“I certainly do,” said mom, leaning over to kiss his cheek. 
“Yeah, and mom’s biased,” I replied. “Don’t let it go to your head.”
He ignored me and started packing more groceries into the back of his trunk. “Let’s get the rest of this stuff loaded quickly,” he said, glancing up towards the sky, which was growing darker. “I’m starving and it’s getting late.”
“Me too,” I replied, handing him another bag of groceries.
When we had everything in the trunk, Mom gave Nathan the directions to the cabin, which was a few miles past town, and this time, he led the way. 
“Finally,” I said, putting on my seatbelt as she pulled out of the parking lot. “I just want to get there already.”
“Won’t be long now.”
Darkness came very quickly, and in a small town without many lights along the roads, it was a little creepy. 
“It’s a bitch driving when you don’t know exactly where you’re going in the dark,” said mom, frowning. “I think the turnoff is coming up in another few miles or so. I hope Nathan catches it in time and doesn’t overshoot it.”
“Knowing him, he probably will,” I answered with a smirk, “especially, if he’s on the phone with Deanna again.”
“He seemed to forget about her when that redhead made an appearance.”
“Thank God, although, she’s probably worse than Deanna.”
“Let’s hope not.”
I stared at her in shock. “See, you weren’t crazy about her either!”
She turned down the radio. “Are you kidding me?” she groaned, scowling into the rearview mirror.
I turned to see the flashing lights from a police car. “What, were you speeding or something?”
She pulled over to the side of the road. “No, you know me, I never speed.”
It was true, my mother was an annoyingly slow driver and Nathan was always giving her crap about it. Even grandmothers passed her on the roadway. 
Mom rolled down the window as the police officer approached her. She immediately handed him her driver’s license and insurance information. “I’m sorry, officer… was I speeding?”
My brother had noticed the cop, too, and pulled over ahead of us, waiting. He’d sent me a text message, wondering what was happening. I’d sent him one back, explaining that I wasn’t really sure, yet.
“No, but you do have a taillight out,” he replied with an easy smile.
My eyes widened as I stared at his mouth. What’s with this town and their unnaturally white teeth?
“Oh, no, really?” she answered, biting her lower lip. “Oh, man, I’m sorry. It must have just went out.”
“Yes. Anne Gerard… you must be new in town?” he asked, studying her license.
She smiled. “We are, in fact,” she pointed towards me, “this is my daughter, Nikki, and that’s my son, Nathan, ahead of us in the Mustang.”
He glanced down at her left hand, which no longer had a wedding ring, and his smile broadened.
“Ladies, I’m Sherriff Caleb Smith. Welcome to Shore Lake,” he answered, giving her back her license.
Was it me or did he actually puff out his chest a little before he leaned back down and handed it back?
“Thank you,” answered my mom with a silly grin on her face. She definitely noticed the puff.
“Since you have such a lovely smile and you’re new in town, I’m just going to give you a warning. Make sure that you take care of it as soon as you can, though. Next time I might not be so easy on you.”
Mom smiled wider than ever. “I will, thank you, officer.”
He tipped his hat. “My friends call me Caleb. Drive safely now.”
“Wow,” said mom after she’d rolled up her window. “Did you see that man’s eyes? They were an amazing shade of violet. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone with that color of eyes. No wedding ring, either.”
I stared at her in disbelief. “Oh, my God mom, we just got into town!” 
“Yeah, but I agree with Nathan that there’s nothing wrong with making new friends; especially friends who are in law enforcement,” she replied with a straight face.
“Well, I guess,” I answered, staring into the darkness. Obviously, she was beginning to get a handle on her fears and I should have been relieved, but instead, it only made me… uneasy.

Chapter Two


When we finally made it to the cabin, my jaw literally dropped.
“What do you think?” asked mom as she parked the car next to Nathan’s.
“Wow. It’s amazing,” I replied, opening the car door. “Are you sure this is the right place?”
“It is. I saw pictures but wanted to surprise you,” she said, getting out of the car.
This was no average lakeside cabin; it looked like something you’d see on a “Top Ten List” of some luxurious getaways. 
“This must be worth millions. I can’t believe we’re staying here,” I said, unable to wipe the grin from my face. I felt like someone had just shouted “Move that bus!” and we were looking at our new dream home.
“Yes, it’s quite extraordinary,” she said, staring up at the cabin. “I’m still in shock that we get to stay here, too. Ernie is a lifesaver.”
“He’s more like Santa Claus,” I replied, feeling giddy. I couldn’t wait to check out the inside. It was possible that Shore Lake wasn’t going to suck quite as much as I thought.
She reached back into the car and pulled out her cell phone. “I’d better call him once we’ve unpacked the groceries. Let him know we’ve made it and how thrilled we are.” Her eyes became misty. “You know, I just can’t thank him enough for everything he’s done.”
I agreed with her there. This place was beyond words. Heck, everything about it screamed money, too, from the expensive cedar wood frame to the thick-plated enormous glass windows; it reminded me of a mountainside chateau in Europe. 
“Impressive, huh?” she said.
“Yeah.”
Especially with its two-tiered deck that someone had built on north side of the cabin, and a massive porch that wrapped around the entire main floor. There was even a gazebo with a hot tub next to a courtyard which contained a large grill and several pieces of outdoor furniture for entertaining. Unfortunately, we had nobody to entertain.
“Wow,” said Nathan as he got out of the car and walked over to us. He was also staring in amazement at the cabin. “How in the world did you score such an awesome place?”
Mom smiled. “Ernie.”
“Look, there’s the boathouse.” I pointed down towards the lake. Even that place looked like it was larger than some of the homes in our old neighborhood.
“Cool,” said Nathan, nodding in approval. “I hope the weather is nice tomorrow, so that we can take the boat out,” he started walking towards the dock. “I wonder what kind of boat they have?”
“Check later,” said mom, grabbing her purse. “We need to get this stuff inside.”
He sighed and turned around. “Okay. It’s probably too dark to see anything now anyway.”  
She took the keys out of her purse and began walking towards the cabin. “You know, I’m really surprised that there isn’t some kind of alarm on the cabin. I mean, this place is vacant most of the time.” She sighed. “I hope when we get inside, nothing is missing.”
“Everyone must trust each other in these parts,” I said, following her up the steps to the front door.
“Apparently,” she answered, putting the key into the lock. When we stepped inside, she flipped on the lights and my breath caught in my throat.  
“Wow…” said Nathan. “This place is… tight.”
“It’s amazing,” she said, taking a step back. “I’m just, speechless.”
“Can we step inside of the doorway, people?” I said, swatting at a mosquito. “Before the bugs enter before we do?”
“Oh, sorry,” she chuckled.
We entered what had to be called the “great room.” It was enormous and had a large soapstone fireplace with a bearskin rug lying near it, which was kind of hokey to me but it certainly added to the affect. Plush burgundy colored leather furniture with hand-carved wooden end tables sat across from the fireplace, and I imagined myself in the chair-and-a-half, reading a book next to a crackling fire.  
“Wow, I just love those light fixtures,” gushed mom, staring at the dozens of rustic chandeliers that made the place glow with warmth. She walked over to a row of intricately carved shelves and touched the amber colored wood. “And all of this lovely hand-carved woodwork, the leather furniture, and… oh God, what isn’t there to love about this place? Next time I see Ernie, I’m going to plant a huge kiss on his little bald head.”
“You should,” said Nathan. He raised his voice a few octaves and put a hand on his hip. “And give him a big sloppy one from me, too.”
“Oh, so you’re finally warming up to us being here?” she asked.
He grinned. “Mom, seriously, if you’re happy, then I’m happy.”
She walked over to Nathan and threw her arms around him. “I swear, I have the two best kids in the world.”
“Love you, too, mom,” he answered, patting her gently on the back. “And don’t worry, everything will work out. Even… even with Deanna. Seriously.”
“Good, I’m glad you feel that way,” she replied, releasing him. “I just want everything to work out for you and your sister.”
“Don’t worry. I’m sure it will,” he replied.  
“Guys, I’m going to check out the upstairs,” I said, climbing the staircase, two steps at a time. I could barely contain my excitement now that I knew we were actually staying at such a glamorous place.
“Pick out a bedroom!” she called as I made it to the top of the stairs. “I don’t care which; I hear they’re all pretty nice.”
“Will do!” I hollered back.
There were several bedrooms on the upper level, all spacious and each having their own bathroom. I chose one with a queen-sized pillow-top bed and a small balcony with an awesome view of the lake.
“So, what do you think?” asked my mom from the doorway, a few minutes later.
“Oh, my God, I love it!” I squealed. “I feel like we’re on vacation somewhere. I wish we could stay here forever.”
“I know, it’s pretty breathtaking. I don’t know about this one, but my bedroom has its own Jacuzzi and a closet so big, I could park the car in it. I’m going to check out yours.”
While she did that, I walked over to the balcony door and opened it, enjoying the cool air on my cheek. It was dark outside, but the reflection of the moon on the water made the lake seem so peaceful. I imagined myself lying on some kind of canoe or boat, staring up at the moon with the waves rocking me to sleep. “I just can’t believe this place. If we’re dreaming, I never want to wake up.”
She stepped next to me and linked her arm through mine. “Don’t worry, it’s real.”
My stomach began to growl and I patted it. “I don’t know about you, but I’m starving.”
“Yeah, I’m getting there myself. Let’s go see if Nathan did what I asked and brought the groceries inside. I’ll make us something to eat.”
“Okay.”
We went back downstairs and I helped mom put the rest of the groceries away in the fridge, which actually looked like the wooden cupboards surrounding it. 
She took out a frying pan from one of the boxes in the kitchen and smiled. “Who wants homemade sliders? It might be ghetto here, but I’m not about to give those up.” 
“Yeah, I’ll take as many as you can make,” replied Nathan as he entered the kitchen. “I’m going to pass out if I don’t get something to eat soon.”
“I’m surprised you’re still walking,” I said. 
“Me too,” he said, opening up the refrigerator. He grabbed a jar of pickles and untwisted the cap. Before he could get his fingers inside of the jar, mom stopped him.
“Here,” she said, handing him a fork. “Don’t use your fingers.”
He grinned sheepishly. “Oh, thanks.”
“So,” she said as she began preparing dinner, “is this place incredible or what?”
“Not too shabby,” said Nathan between bites of his pickle. “And it’s so quiet, I feel like we’re in the middle of nowhere.”
Mom nodded. “The next cabin is just a hop, skip, and a jump from here, but you’d never know it’s so peaceful.”
“Yeah, you did good, mom,” I said, cutting the onions for our burgers. “I just can’t wait until tomorrow when we get to see it all in the daylight.”
Nathan nodded. “Yeah, I’d really like to take the boat out on the lake tomorrow, if that’s okay?”
“Sure,” she answered
He wiped his hands on his jeans. “Sweet.”
She opened the fridge and grabbed the cheese. “I think that would be good for all of us to get out on that lake. I haven’t been able to work on my tan all summer.”
I snorted; my mom was as white as a ghost and typically burned and peeled, but never really tanned. My brother and I were the opposite, fortunately, even though you’d never know it this year. I just hadn’t had the time to get any sun, especially after the “incident.”
After dinner, I helped her with the dishes and then decided to check out the whirlpool tub in my bathroom.
“I’m taking a long, relaxing bath and then going to bed,” I said as we neared the staircase. It had been a long drive and I was so exhausted, I didn’t even feel like unpacking anything just yet.
“Okay,” she replied, kissing the top of my head. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
A moving company had dropped off our belongings earlier in the day and I found some of my own boxes very quickly. After carrying them to my room, I grabbed a towel and the fluffy white robe my mom had given me for Christmas last year. As I was about to walk into my bathroom to start the tub, there was a soft knock.
“Yeah?” 
My brother opened the door. “Hey, I’m sorry about snapping at you earlier. You were right,” he said with a sheepish grin. “I was being a little bit of an asshole.”
“Don’t worry, I’m used to it.”
He folded his arms across his chest. “You were kind of a bitch too, you know.”
I gasped. “I’ll show you bitch,” I replied, throwing my hairbrush at him. It missed and hit the wall next to the door.
“Better work on your aim,” he replied with a smirk.
I picked up my curling iron and raised it in the air. “Leave before I give you ringlets! I swear to God, I’ll make you pretty!”  
He brushed his bangs away from his eyes. “Can you include a bow? I’d look even prettier with a bow.”
I broke down and started laughing. “You are such a freak.”
“No need to be jealous. You’re my twin and kind of a freak, too.”
“Lucky me.” 
He smiled. “Night, Nik. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Okay, goodnight.”
After he left, I grabbed my things and stepped into the black and white marbled bathroom, locking the door behind me. When I turned back around, I smiled.
Amazing.
There was even a large panoramic window surrounding the Jacuzzi with a view of the lake. Although it was dark and I couldn’t see much of anything outside, I imagined during the day, it was incredible.
I walked over to the large square tub and turned on the water. I sat on the edge and watched it rise slowly, wondering how many gallons I’d be using before it covered the jets entirely. It was enormous, even larger than the pool we’d had as kids. Hell, the entire bathroom was fit for a celebrity and I was going to use it for the next year or two? I decided to kiss Ernie myself the next time I saw him.
I stood back up and opened the new vanilla-scented spa bath gift set my mom had given me. I then lit the candle that came with it and placed it near the tub. When the water was high enough, I pulled my hair back into a ponytail, turned off the lights, and removed my shirt and jeans. 
“Oh, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about,” I whispered, groaning in pleasure as I sunk into the warm bath. I laid my head against the bath pillow and closed my eyes. I imagined it couldn’t possibly get any better, but then remembered I’d forgotten my iPod. If this was Heaven, then listening to the music could only take me to another level of bliss.
As I stood up to grab a towel, my eyes were drawn towards a movement near the right side of the window that I was now facing. My heart stopped as a set of fiery-red eyes stared back at me. When I finally found my voice, I screamed in horror, and whatever it was, quickly shot away.
“Mom!” I shrieked, trying not to slip on the wet floor. I grabbed my robe and skidded out of the bathroom as quickly as possible. 
“What is it?” she cried, bursting through the door, also wearing her yellow terrycloth robe.
Trembling, I pointed towards the bathroom. “Mom,” I choked, “someone was watching me in the window! They saw me naked!”
Her eyes widened and she reached for the softball bat sticking out of one of my boxes. With my heart pounding in my chest, I followed her into the bathroom, half expecting someone to jump out of the shadows. She kept the light switch off and moved towards the window.
“Do you see anything?” I whispered over her shoulder.
Sighing, she turned to me and lowered the bat. “No.”
I looked back towards the darkness, and a shiver ran down my spine. I turned back to her. “Are you sure?”
Her forehead wrinkled. “Yes, I’m sure. I also don’t see how anyone could be watching you from this height, Nikki.”
“Mom, something was watching me. I’m not lying.”
She touched my cheek. “Baby, it’s been a long day and we’re in the middle of the woods. You probably saw a bird flying by – or maybe even a bat. Don’t be frightened.”
My bedroom was several feet from the ground, and truthfully, I really wasn’t sure what I’d seen. Obviously, it had to be some kind of animal. “I guess that’s possible.”
She held out a hand to me. “Come here and see for yourself. Look how far up we really are.”
Of course, when I looked back outside, common sense told me that we were too high for any person to be looking in. 
I closed my eyes. “Yeah, okay, maybe it was just a stupid bat or something.”
“Honey, you’re obviously very tired. Why don’t you go to bed and get a good night’s sleep? I’ll bet that tomorrow, you’ll be laughing about this.”
“Is everything okay in here?” asked Nathan, standing in the doorway in his blue flannel pajama pants.
“Everything’s fine,” she answered with another reassuring smile. “Nikki just saw a bird or something outside and it scared the hell out of her.”
Nathan’s eyebrows shot up. “Seriously? You know, I thought I saw something out there, too, when I was in my room watching TV. It freaked the shit out of me.”
I turned to see her reaction. 
“What?” she asked, staring at both of us, amused. “Come on… it’s some kind of bird. You know, there’s no possible way a living person could stand outside of your bedroom windows and look in. Unless Spider-man is vacationing in Montana and has decided to scale this particular cabin to check us out. You two are wigging out over nothing.”
“Still, I think we should take a look outside,” said Nathan as he turned and walked away. 
“Wait!” my mom hollered. She picked up the bat and charged after him. “Don’t go out there without this!”
And she thought I was being paranoid?
I followed them both downstairs and watched as he switched on the outdoor lights and threw open the front door. 
“Be careful!” I hollered, staying back. There was no way I was going out into that unknown darkness, harmless bird or not.
My mom hesitantly followed Nathan outside while I wrapped my arms around myself, trying to remain calm under the circumstances.
This is crazy, I thought, when they closed the door behind them. I wondered if it really was some kind of large bird checking both of us out. Maybe an owl or eagle?
But with red eyes? 
Owls were nocturnal so I imagined it was possible, although, I was a city girl and didn’t know the first thing about birds, other than they pooped, a lot, whenever they felt like it. 
I chewed on my lower lip and stared towards the dark windows, suddenly wondering if someone or something was watching me from the other side. 
Oh, my God… close the blinds, idiot!
I leaped towards the windows, moving the wooden blinds over the four large plated windows as quickly as possible. Once they were all covered, I took a step back and began breathing again.  
While I waited for my mom and brother to return, I couldn’t help it, I began to pace as the anxiety quickly built up again. I was definitely wigging out just like she’d said. I started imaging things like Sasquatches and aliens, freaking myself out until I felt like I was almost to the point of hyperventilating.
Jesus, Nikki, chill the hell out. 
Frustrated, I went back over to the sofa and sat down, tapping my foot nervously.  Seconds later, my brother stormed through the front door, followed by my mom, whose face was as pale as the moon. He picked up the phone and started dialing.
My stomach tightened when I noticed the strange look on Nathan’s face. “Okay, what’s going on?”  
Nathan raised his hand to silence me and then began speaking, his voice strangled. “Hello? Yes, I’d like to report a dead body.”

 
Chapter Three


Three hours later, the dead body, which they’d found near the dock, was examined, bagged, and finally taken away. 
“Well,” said Sheriff Caleb Smith, who was standing on the porch. “It looks like it’s the teenage girl who’s been missing for a few weeks, Tina Johnson.”
“What happened to her?” I asked, staring at him. He was taller than I’d thought, standing well over six-foot, had dark hair that hung just below his collar, and an almost perfectly chiseled face, except for his nose, which was a little large. I had to admit, though, for a guy in his thirties, he was handsome.
My mother, who was staring up at him as if he was Superman, cleared her throat. “Before you answer that, would you like to come in and have a cup of coffee, Sheriff?”  
He grinned widely and stepped inside. “Thanks; don’t worry about the coffee, though. I really need to be leaving soon.”
“So, was she murdered?” asked Nathan, still freaked out about finding her bloated body sticking out of the water. He’d described it so many times to me that I could see the image in my head, as if I’d actually been there.
The sheriff shook his head. “I don’t think so. She had a history of drinking and left a party pretty intoxicated at the time she went missing. She may have simply fallen into the water and drowned. There will be an autopsy, however, so we’ll know more later.”
Nathan, who watched a lot of C.S.I. shows on television, crossed his arms over his chest. “So, there were no witnesses? Nobody at the party actually saw her leave?”
The sheriff put his hand on the wall and leaned against it. “No. That particular party got a little out of hand and we ended up arresting a few minors for intoxication that night. It was an ugly mess.”
“Goodness,” said mom. “What a horrible thing for her parents. I can’t imagine what it’s been like for them.”
He nodded, looking very somber. “Just like us, they’ve been frantically searching for her all over this town and the next ones over. Well,” he sighed, “at least they have some closure now.”
“How tragic; I can’t possibly imagine how I’d cope in their situation,” she said. 
He nodded. “I agree.”
“Sherriff, are you sure you wouldn’t like a cup of coffee? It’ll just take a minute to brew.”
“No, Anne, but thanks again for the offer.” He straightened up and patted his pockets, as if searching for his keys. “I’d better get going; my daughter’s expecting me home soon.”
“You have children?” she asked.
He smiled proudly. “A daughter, Celeste. She just graduated.”
“Oh, you’re a single parent?” she asked, smiling as if she’d just won big on a lottery scratch-off. 
Ugh, could she look any more thrilled?
He nodded. “Yes, been single for quite a few years now, in fact.”
“Being a single parent is difficult with normal hours,” she replied quickly. “I could only imagine what you’re going through, with such crazy ones.”
“It’s not too bad. It’s just Celeste, and she’s… fairly manageable. You… you have twins. That must be quite a handful.”
“Not really. They’re pretty good kids.”
He smiled. “Good, then they won’t have to see much of me.”
Mom burst out laughing as if he’d said the funniest thing she’d ever heard.
“Oh, hell, I’m just kidding. Most of the other kids around here are pretty well-behaved, as well.”
“Good, then I can relax when these two start meeting other kids in town and go out at night.”
He tilted his head and leaned forward. “I wouldn’t go that far. They are still teenagers”.
“So very true,” she sighed. “Well, thanks for making it out here so quickly. We were all pretty shaken up.”
His lips thinned. “I’m sure. What a horrible experience for your first night in Shore Lake, too. I’m sorry you had to go through this.”
“So are we,” she said, frowning. “It was certainly an eventful evening. Crazy, huh?”
“I’d say.” He put his hat on. “I’d better get going. I hope the next time we meet it’s under much better circumstances.”
My mom followed him to the door. “Me, too. Goodnight, Sheriff.”
“Caleb,” he said softly, looking down at her.
Her cheeks turned pink. “Goodnight, Caleb.”
It was actually early morning but mom and Caleb didn’t seem to notice. They were too busy staring at each other with their lonely middle-aged hormones. 
“Goodbye, Sheriff,” called Nathan from the couch with a shit-eating grin. Like me, he’d been studying them quietly, and from the look on his face, he also knew they were into each other.
“Yeah, see you,” I added with a wave, hoping he’d just leave, already. 
Caleb smiled once more with his gleaming white teeth and then finally walked out the front door. 
“He’s such a nice man,” said mom, looking into space with a stupid grin. “It’s so refreshing to know this town has a great guy like him patrolling the streets.”
“Oh, you hardly know him,” I snapped, getting off of the sofa. “He might not really be that nice. It could be an act.”
Both my mom and brother stared at me in surprise. 
I raised my chin. “Sorry, but it’s true.”
She shook her head. “Oh for Heaven’s sake, Nikki, don’t be so quick to judge other people.”
I started walking up the steps to my bedroom, ready to fall into that soft pillow-top. “Whatever, I’m going to bed.”
“She’s just being a crab-ass,” said Nathan.
“I heard that!” I hollered.
I knew it was true, though. It had been a long day and I was ready to sleep for the next two.

 
Chapter Four

I slept until almost eleven the next morning. Mom was already up, drinking coffee and working on her computer, when I padded downstairs in my bare feet.
“Morning,” I said, pouring some coffee for myself. Normally, I wasn’t a coffee drinker, but I really needed something stronger than orange juice to perk me up. Especially after the last few hours.
“Good morning,” beamed my mother, who was always a morning person no matter how late she stayed up. 
“Where’s Nathan?”  
“He’s outside by the boat. We were thinking about taking it out on the lake within the hour.”
I yawned. “I’ll eat something and get ready.”
“Good.”
I took a drink of coffee and walked over to a large window facing the lake. The skies were blue and it looked like a beautiful day. Then I thought about the dead girl from last night.
“Um, did you really actually find her in the lake?” I asked. The idea of swimming in the lake when there’d been a floating body in it the night before was harrowing. I seriously doubted that I could even put my foot in the water.
“Why?” 
I could tell from her expression that she knew where this was going.
I shrugged. “It’s just kind of gross to think about swimming in it.”
My brother entered the kitchen. “Don’t worry, Nikki, that lake is so freaken big, I’m sure there are plenty of other bodies lost somewhere beneath the surface. People still swim in it all the time.”
I shot him a dirty look. “That’s gross.”  
Mom groaned. “Thanks, Nathan. Listen, people drown and it’s just a fact of life. I’m sure every lake has stories of people disappearing in it, including the ones you’ve swam in the past.”
I walked towards the doorway with my coffee. “That doesn’t make it sound any more enticing. I think I’ll just enjoy the view on the lake and try not to think about what’s under it.”
“Just make sure you’re ready to go in an hour!” hollered Nathan as I stepped out of the kitchen. “Or we’re leaving you behind.”
 
~~~
 
An hour-and-a-half later, I’d changed into my new orange and pink bikini, and we were racing across the lake in a twenty-five-foot Stingray. Nathan was grinning from ear to ear, my mom was also smiling and desperately trying to hold her straw sunhat onto her head, but I was still thinking about the girl in the lake. I just couldn’t shake the horror of knowing there’d been a body near the cabin we were now staying. I had to admit, the fact that my mother and brother were able to push it aside was a little disconcerting, too. It was almost like they’d forgotten all about it. 
“This is great!” yelled Nathan over the motor as his light brown hair whipped in the wind. “There’s hardly anyone out here and we have the entire lake to ourselves!”
It was true, but it was also early in the week. From the look of all the boats docked near the shoreline, this place was pretty busy on the weekends.
Nathan slowed down after crossing the entire lake and set the anchor. “Okay, I’m going for a swim,” he said, smiling eagerly.
“Sounds good,” said mom as she pulled out a book from her tote. “You know what I’m going to do – read and work on my tan.”
I handed her some sunscreen. “Not without this. You’ll be a lobster tonight as it is.”
She smiled and began rubbing some of the coconut scented lotion into her skin. 
“Coming in, twerp?” asked Nathan, removing his bright red T-shirt.
“Quit calling me that,” I snarled. “Maybe later I’ll come in and drown you.”
He dove into the dark water. When he surfaced, he yelled, “Wow, it’s really nice! Come on out, Nikki. Don’t be such a wimp!”
The sun was shining, it was already eighty degrees and as I stared at him in the water, I had to admit, it did look very enticing.
I let out a long sigh and stood up. I lifted the white beach dress over my head and dove into the cool water.
“See,” said Nathan when I popped my head back out. “It’s not so bad.”
I wiped some water away from my eyes and smiled. “Yeah, I guess not.” It also didn’t hurt that we were on the other side of the lake from where the girl had been found. For some reason, that comforted me quite a bit.
A small fishing boat was trolling towards us and I strained to see who was driving it, half expecting the sheriff who’d been making eyes at my mom earlier. Even today in her bikini, she’d caught the attention of a couple fishermen we’d passed by on the lake. Heck, I couldn’t deny the fact that she looked pretty fit for someone reaching forty.
“Hey,” shouted Nathan at the young man who stopped his boat next to ours. “How’s it going?”
The dark-haired guy looked about our age, maybe a little older. He was wearing black sunglasses and blue-and-white striped swim trunks. “Pretty good. Nice boat!” he hollered back.
Nathan smiled. “It’s not ours, but thanks.”
The stranger removed his sunglasses and returned the smile. “I’m Duncan. You guys vacationing out here?”
“No,” answered mom. “We’re renting a cabin on the other side of the lake.”
He nodded. “There are more than enough cabins available on this lake, that’s for sure.”
“Really? Why is that?” I asked.
He stared at me for a minute and then said, “I just meant that some of these cabins are only seasonal homes, so many of the owners rent them out during the year when they’re not in use.”
“Oh,” I replied.
“I’m Anne, but the way,” said mom. “And those two in the water are Nikki and Nathan.”
“Nice meeting you all.”
“You too,” replied Nathan. 
 “Do you live on the lake then, Duncan?” she asked.
He nodded. “I live with my dad on the north side of the lake. He owns the boat repair shop over there, and our place is right next to it.”
“Cool,” said Nathan. “I suppose you get to see a lot of nice boats coming through there.”
 “Definitely, my dad’s is the only repair shop nearby, so he’s pretty busy, even with my help. Because the lake is so big and there’s money on it, we definitely get some nice little yachts coming in for repairs.” 
I swam back over to our boat and climbed up the steps while Nathan and Duncan continued talking boats. As mom handed me a towel, I noticed Duncan stealing glances my way. When our eyes suddenly met, he quickly looked away.
“So, what do you guys do for fun here, other than fishing?” asked Nathan.
Duncan cleared his throat. “Actually, the town is having their annual end of summer barbeque this weekend at Turtle Beach. It’s on the northern side of the lake, too. I’m sure they’ll have tons of food and games. Then, at night they’ll launch the fireworks. They do it every year.”
“We’d better not miss that shindig,” smiled my mom. 
He nodded. “It’s a pretty big deal. Almost everyone in town will be there.”
“Will you be there?” I blurted out unexpectedly. I surprised everyone, even myself.
Duncan stared at me for a moment and smiled. “I wasn’t planning on it, but it’s starting to sound more interesting.” 
I could feel my face burning and it wasn’t from the sun. “I, um... I just think it would be nice for Nathan to have someone to hang out with. He gets so bored, sometimes… ”
“She’s right,” replied Nathan, grinning widely at me, as if he knew I was back-peddling. “I need a friend. I’m just so bored out of my mind now that we’re in a new town and I have no friends to raise hell with.”
He laughed. “I don’t know much about raising hell, but if you’re bored, you should stop by the shop later today. We just took in this mint Bluewater yacht that is incredible. I might even know someone with the keys who could give you a private tour.”
“Sweet! I might have to take you up on that,” said Nathan, his face brightening. 
Just then, a couple flew by us on a pair of jet-skis and Duncan turned to watch them, giving me another opportunity to check him out. I had to admit that he was not only cute, but had nicely-sculpted pecs and arms. It was obvious that he worked his muscles when he wasn’t working on boats. Before I had a chance to look away he turned back around and caught me staring. I immediately looked away, hoping my face wasn’t as red as Nathan’s trunks.
“What’s wrong, Nikki?” asked mom, an amused expression on her face. “You feeling a little flushed?”
“No,” I answered, a little too sharply.
“Oh. Okay.”
“Your face is a little red,” said Nathan, pointing to his cheek. He grinned. “Better use some sunscreen.”
I shot him an angry look and he turned away, chuckling.
 “I suppose I should get back to the marina. By the way, you ladies are invited, too, of course,” said Duncan.  
I looked up. “Okay.”
“Thanks,” said mom, “but maybe another time. I have too much to do this afternoon.”
“No problem. I’ll be around the shop all evening. Hope to see you there,” said Duncan, his eyes drifting back to me again. Then he started the engine and was gone. 
“That’s cool,” said Nathan as he got back on the boat after Duncan left. “Now I can check out some nice boats while Nikki checks out Duncan.”
“Very funny.”
He smiled. “Come on, I saw the way you were drooling over him!”
“I was not!” I retorted, scowling at him. “I was just checking his boat out.”
He threw his head back and laughed. “Right! Since when do you have an interest in boats?”
“I always have.”
My mom smiled and added her two cents. “Actually, I also noticed that you were checking out more than the boat.”
“Whatever. You guys are seeing things. Anyway, you both should talk, what, about that redhead in the parking lot yesterday, and… Sheriff White Strips?”
My mom looked confused. “Sheriff White Strips?”
Nathan nodded. “Yeah, Caleb.  His teeth were whiter than your pasty skin, mom. Bleached white.”
She snorted. “You’re funny.”
“Sorry, couldn’t resist,” replied Nathan as he started the engine. He grabbed his bottle of water and took a swig. “I say we go back to the cabin now, I’m starving.”
“Sounds good,” she replied. “I’ve got plenty to do.”
Nathan set his water in the cup-holder, turned on the engine, and we started back across the lake. A few seconds later, he grinned like a little kid and told us to hold on. 
I grabbed the handle next to my seat right as he punched it down and we took off across the lake. I squealed in delight as we sped over the calm waters, the wind practically blowing my hair dry as we flew. Soon, we were near our neck of the woods and I pulled my beach-dress back over my bathing suit. As we slowed down, I noticed a middle-aged woman sitting on her dock, fishing. She smiled and raised her hand in greeting.
“Must be our neighbor,” said mom, waving back. “Ernie mentioned that she was recently widowed. I think he said her name was Abigail. Very nice woman, I guess. Maybe it would be a good idea if I stopped by later and said hello.”
I stared at the woman and nodded. “I would. She’s probably sad and lonely.”
She nodded. “I’m sure.”
Nathan docked the boat near the end of the dock and we helped him secure it to the posts.  
“That should be good enough for now,” he said, testing the ropes. “I’ll leave it out here in case we want to take it out again, later.”
I stood up and looked down into the brown water. “So, um, it must be pretty deep, right here.”
 “Yeah,” replied Nathan, grabbing his shirt from the boat. “That’s why they built the dock this distance from the shore. It’s safer for the boat if the lake ever gets low.”
The water was so murky looking and I wondered if there were any more dead bodies below. I imagined someone’s dead eyes staring up at me from below the surface and started to feel sick to my stomach.
“I’ll meet you guys on shore,” I said, getting up quickly. 
“Are you okay?” called my mom.
“Just a little too much sun,” I shouted back as I raced towards the cabin, feeling dizzy and anxious. As I passed the area where the body was found, I averted my eyes and tried not to panic any worse than I already was. When I made it to the cabin’s porch, I closed my eyes and took a couple deep breaths.
“Hey,” said my brother as he climbed the steps a minute later. 
I smiled weakly.
He stared at me with concern. “You’re really freaked out about that girl, aren’t you?”
“Well, yeah. Aren’t you?”
He sighed. “I’m trying to forget about it. She made a huge mistake when she started drinking that night, and hopefully her friends have learned from it. But I’m not going to dwell on it, and neither should you. Heck, you didn’t even see the girl, I discovered her. I should be the one freaking out about it.”
I nodded. “I know. It’s just so… creepy.”
He put an arm around my shoulder. “It is, but you have to let it go. Or mom will send you to a shrink, which, actually, she should have done a long time ago.”
I pushed him away. “Ha-ha.”
She met us on the porch and took out her keys. “Whew, it’s getting hot out here. Thank goodness for air conditioning.”
“Summer’s almost over, mom. Then you’ll be complaining about the cold. In fact, I’ve read that it gets very cold here,” I said.
“That’s when the fireplace will come in handy,” she replied.
Nathan put the boat keys on one of the end tables. “Nikki, go get dressed and we’ll drive into town to check it out. I need to start looking for a job, too.”
“Okay,” I replied. I’d worked at a boutique back home and my savings was starting to dwindle. I wanted my own car soon so I didn’t have to rely on Nathan all the time.
“Then we’ll go check out your boyfriend’s boat repair shop,” he said with a smirk.
“You’re just full of jokes today.”
Just then, mom, who’d been checking her voicemail, started smiling. She hung up the phone and stared at us. “Guess who asked me to dinner?”
I groaned. “Sheriff Snaggletooth?”
She frowned. “That’s not fair, Nikki. Like I said before, he seems like a very nice man.”
“You going for it?” asked Nathan, with a shit-eating grin.
She tapped her fingers on the banister. “Oh, I don’t know. I’m not looking for anything right now, obviously, but it never hurts to get in good with a town’s sheriff. Maybe I’ll just invite him over to our house tonight for dinner. Can you pick up a couple of steaks in town, Nathan?”
He nodded. “But if you want wine, you’ll have to get that yourself.”
She snorted. “That’s the last thing I need, to get tipsy in front of the town’s sheriff.”
Nathan smiled wickedly. “It might be fun. He can handcuff you if you get too out of hand.” 
Her eyes lit up. “Oh, I never thought of that.”
“You’re sick,” I said, climbing the staircase. “Both of you.”
“Oh, Nikki, I can’t wait until the love bug nips you in the butt. I am going to tease the crap out of you,” she said.
“Don’t hold your breath. That’s not happening anytime soon,” I said.
“We’ll see,” she said.
“Be ready in thirty minutes, twerp,” called Nathan. “We’ll go cruising.”


 
Chapter Five


I took a quick shower and changed into a dark blue halter sundress and white sandals. I pulled my hair into a loose up-do and applied a smidgeon of lip gloss. 
“You look pretty,” smiled mom as I entered the kitchen, looking for Nathan.
I looked down at my dress and shrugged. “Oh, it was one of the few things already unpacked.”
She gave me a knowing smile and kissed the top of my head. “Don’t break too many hearts in town.” 
“Ha-ha, mom. Very funny,” I said, although I did feel sort of pretty in the new dress. It also wouldn’t hurt to make a good impression on any kids who were hanging out in town.
Nathan was polishing up his Mustang when I found him outside. The red paint gleamed in the sun when he was finished.
“Now I’ll definitely be a chic magnet,” he teased, flexing his muscles. “Don’t take offense if I ask you to duck down when the ladies are scoping me out.”
I rolled my eyes. “Right.” 
“You’ll see.”
I got into the car and we took our time driving back into town.
“Hear from Deanna yet today?” I asked.
He grimaced. “Yeah. She called freaking out, again. I just don’t know what to do about her. I mean, the more I think about it, the more I realize that I’m tired of the drama. Then I look at this town we’ve moved to and I think about all of the possibilities.”
I smiled. “You mean all of the chicks?”
“Hell yeah,” he laughed.
I shook my head at my brother, who was so predictable. 
“Okay, keep your eyes peeled for something interesting,” said Nathan, brushing his bangs away from his eyes. “Both of us need jobs.”
As we entered the town I pointed right away to a diner called ‘Ruth’s.’ “Let’s stop in there and see if they’re hiring.” 
“Good idea. I’m hungry again, anyway.”
We were seated by a frazzled-looking waitress who appeared to be one of only two working. It was only three in the afternoon, but the place was packed. 
“You wouldn’t be hiring, would you?” I asked the other waitress, Amy, a blond with light blue eyes and an easy smile.
“Actually, funny you should ask, we’re hiring for the nightshift,” she said. “We’re always hiring for that shift, so I guess it really isn’t funny.”
“That’s fine. I’m desperately broke and need a job. Could you please get me an application?” I asked. “Oh, and,” I handed her back the menu.  “A Caesar salad?” I pointed to Nathan. “He’s buying.”
She laughed. “Okay, so anything to drink?”
“Just water,” I replied.
“How are the burgers here, Amy?” asked Nathan.
“Oh, they’re very good. That’s why this place is always so busy. That and the fact that we’re the only diner open twenty-four hours.”
He smiled. “I’ll take your word for it, then. I’d like a bacon double cheeseburger, an order of onion rings, and a chocolate milkshake.”
She smiled back. “Hope you’re hungry because they serve big portions here.”
That’s when Nathan turned on the charm. He leaned forward and smiled. “You know what… I already like this place, sis. Nice portions and even nicer waitresses. What more could a guy ask for?”
Amy blushed. She was very pretty and I’m sure that guys were always coming on to her, but even I had to admit, Nathan was a good-looking guy himself. Obviously, he knew it, too.
“I’ll be back with your malt and water in just a moment,” she said softly before she walked away.
“I guess Deanna is beginning to fade from your memory as the day progresses,” I mused.
His face became serious. “Not really. I mean, there will always be a special place in my heart for her, but, I’ve decided to keep my options open. Heck, I’m young and shouldn’t be tying myself down to one girl; especially one who’s a few hundred miles away.”
I folded my hands and nodded. “That’s why I’m not going to waste time pining for any of the guys in town. After high school there will be college, and I don’t want anything holding me back.”
Amy returned with his milkshake and handed me an application.
“Um, if I were you I’d only request hours during the day or early evening.”
 “Why?” I asked, puzzled.
She looked around nervously and then whispered, “It’s too dangerous around here at night.”
Nathan raised his eyebrows. “What do you mean by dangerous?”
“Amy!” hollered someone behind the counter, who looked like the cook. “Order’s up! They’re waiting!”
“Sorry, I can’t talk about it now,” she mumbled. “Just take my word for it.”
Then she left us both staring at each other in surprise.
I bit the side of my lower lip. “Wow, first a dead body in the lake and now this creepy warning?”
He waved his hand. “Oh, it might be nothing. Maybe she’s talking about drunk drivers or something.”
“I don’t know, but, I’ll take her word for it. I’d prefer to work during the day, anyway.”
I finished the application just as our food arrived. 
“I can take this and give it to the owner if you’d like. She’ll be in later this evening,” said Amy.
“Thanks,” I said. “So, what did you mean earlier about it being dangerous around here at night?”
Her eyes darted around the restaurant again and I had this feeling like she was genuinely scared. Finally she cleared her throat and mumbled. “I didn’t mean anything by it. Just forget I said anything.”
At that moment I noticed that the diner was unusually quiet and I had the impression that some of the other customers were listening to our conversation. I decided it would be best just to drop the subject.
I raised my voice. “Oh. Well, yeah, if you could give the application to whoever does the hiring, I’d really appreciate it.” 
She nodded and then stepped away. I immediately noticed that the volume of the diner rose again and I stared at Nathan curiously.
“Okay, kind of weird,” he said, under his breath. “Must be a small town thing?”
“Must be,” I said, picking up my fork.
We finished our food and Nathan left a big tip for Amy, who was so busy she could barely make it back to the table, to refill our glasses. 
“You dropped something,” called Amy as we were leaving the diner. Before I could respond, she handed me a folded-up note and hurried away. 
“What was that all about?” asked Nathan as we walked to the car.”
The sun was bright and I put my shades on. “Don’t know. We’ll read it in the car.”
When we got into the Mustang, I immediately opened the note and read it out loud. “Lock your doors at night and don’t invite any strangers inside.” A shiver ran up my spine and I turned to Nathan. “Okay, that’s really freaky.”
Nathan’s cell phone began to ring before he could respond. “It’s mom,” he said, answering it.
I could hear them talking about her date with the sheriff and then he hung up.
“I guess it’s going to be a late dinner, so we don’t have to be home for a few hours. The sheriff is working a little later and isn’t getting off until sometime after nine.”
I snorted. “If it’s dangerous here at night, it would make sense that he’s really busy.”
“Listen,” said Nathan, as we pulled out of the parking lot. “I wouldn’t go blowing everything out of proportion. It’s possible that Amy was friends with that dead girl and doesn’t trust anyone right now. Or maybe, she’s a little crazy.”
I sighed. “Or maybe, she’s just worried about us. You have to admit that finding a dead body practically at our doorstep isn’t the best housewarming gift.”
“Since the sheriff is coming to dinner tonight, why don’t we just ask him about it? He’d certainly know if there was something wicked happening around here after dark.”
“Maybe,” I mumbled. 
“Hey, that must be Duncan’s dad’s shop,” said Nathan, slowing the car down. 
I looked up and noticed a large boat marina with a big sign that read: “Sonny’s Boat Repairs.” Nathan pulled into the parking lot and we both got out.
“Wow, check out all of those boats,” pointed Nathan, his face lighting up. “Oh man, I think I just had an orgasm.”
I glared at him. “God, you are so disgusting.”
There was a fenced-in storage area for some of the smaller boats not docked at the marina. On the other side was the repair shop. 
“I’d like to get myself an old Carver after I find a job,” said Nathan as we walked towards the shop’s entrance. “I hear you can get one relatively inexpensive and fix it up.” 
Nathan and my dad have always loved boats. In fact, we used to own a twenty-four foot Bayliner before my parents split up. Then dad had to sell the boat and Nathan’s been pining for his own ever since.
“Hey!” called Duncan, coming towards us. “You made it.”
“Yeah,” said Nathan. “Now that we’re here, I have to admit, I’m jealous. You’re surrounded by some pretty amazing boats.”
Duncan started telling us about another high-end yacht that needed repairs. I have to admit, though, I was paying more attention to him than what he was saying. Up close, he appeared much taller than I’d remembered and had a contagious smile. His eyes were a silvery gray color, and every time he glanced my way, I felt my cheeks heat up.
“I just realized something,” he said. “You’re twins, aren’t you?”
“Yeah,” said Nathan, putting his arm around my shoulders. “She’s the ugly one, poor little thing.”
My jaw dropped and I smacked him in the shoulder for what had to be the tenth time that day. “You are such a shit.”
“But I’m the good-looking one,” he laughed.
Duncan shook his head and stared at us in amusement. “Sorry, dude, but I think you might have that wrong. Nikki here seems to have absorbed all the beauty genes, leaving you with a great sense of humor, though.” 
“Oh, yeah,” I laughed, secretly thrilled that Duncan thought I was cute, “and even his sense of humor leaves a lot to be desired.” 
Nathan pouted. “And I thought you invited me along because I was the cuter twin.”
“No, but I have to say, you still have a nice butt,” joked Duncan.
“Pilates,” said Nathan, turning around to show us.
“Okay, enough!” I interrupted. “Now I’ve realized that you are both a couple of dorks.”
“From one dork to another,” said Nathan. “I’m ready to see some yachts. Lead the way, you sexy thang.”
Duncan burst out laughing and turned around to lead us towards the marina. I quickly checked out his rear and decided that he definitely didn’t need any Pilates.

 
Chapter Six


An hour later, after getting a few secret tours on some of the largest yachts I’d ever seen, we followed Duncan into the main shop to meet his dad, Sonny.
“Hello,” said Sonny, who was an older version of Duncan, minus the hair, “nice to meet the both of you.”
Nathan held out his hand and shook Sonny’s. “Thanks for letting Duncan give us a glimpse of some of these sweet yachts,” he said. “You must be extremely busy with all of those boats out there.”
“Tell me about it,” said Sonny. “I can barely keep up. I’m going to have to hire someone to help around the shop, especially now that fall is just around the corner. Many of these boats need to be winterized, and soon.”
I looked at Nathan, who was already way ahead of me. 
“What kind of experience do you need? I’m looking for a job,” said my brother.
Sonny rubbed his bald head. “I can’t imagine you’d know how to repair boat engines at your age, although Duncan does, but that’s because he’s been around them most his life. You know, I could still use someone to take care of the customers, order parts, and do some of the lighter maintenance. That would free up a lot of time for me and my son.”
I could see that Nathan was getting really excited. “Listen,” he said, his eyes sparkling. “I’m your man. I’m a very hard worker and learn quickly.”
Sonny leaned back in his chair. “Okay. We’ll have you fill out an application and I’ll certainly consider you. I do have a couple mechanics who work the graveyard shift, so what I could really use is someone who doesn’t mind doing a little grunt work.”
“Grunt is my middle name,” smiled Nathan.
Sonny smiled. “That’s what I like to hear.”
While Nathan started filling out the application, Duncan asked me if I wanted anything to drink.
“Um, sure... water?”
“Come on, I’ll show you our luxurious break room.”
I followed Duncan to the back of the shop and we entered into a small room with pop and snack machines. 
“Here,” he said, handing me a bottle of water from the back of the fridge. “I’ll give you one from my secret stash. If I don’t hide them, they seem to disappear overnight.”
I laughed. “Really? Thanks.”
“So,” he said as he sat down and stretched out his long legs. “How do you like Shore Lake so far?”
“Seriously, it’s kind of a hard question to answer. Last night we found a body near the lake, and today, one of the waitresses at Ruth’s passed me a note that warned us to stay inside after dark and not invite any strangers inside.”
His eyes widened. “Seriously?! Are you kidding me?”
I took a sip of the water. “No, I wish I was.” I set my water down and pulled out the note Amy had given me.
He read it and frowned. “Very strange. So, do the cops know whose body you found?”
“Some girl around my age, Tina Johnson?”
He scratched his head. “Tina Johnson? To tell you the truth, I don’t really know many of the locals. I only stay with my dad during the summer and then for the rest of the year, I live with my mom in Minnesota.”
“Oh, so you’re going back to Minnesota next month when school starts?”
He smiled. “I graduated last spring, so now I can stay wherever I want.”
“What are you going to do now?” I asked.
He sighed. “Probably help my dad out while I take some engineering classes at the local college.”
“What about your mom?”
“She just remarried and is pretty busy with her new husband,” he said. “My dad doesn’t really have anyone else but me, so I’m probably sticking around here.”
I took a sip of water and set it down. “Well, it sounds like your dad really needs you in more ways than one.”
He nodded. “What about your old man?” he asked and then looked embarrassed. “I’m sorry, I probably shouldn’t have asked. If he’s passed away or something, I apologize for my lack of tactfulness.”
I smiled humorlessly. “Actually, there are times that I wish he had passed away. I know that sounds really cold, but he’s an asshole. Thank goodness my mom is no longer with him.”
“Then cheers to that,” he said, tapping my water bottle with his.
“Cheers.”
He re-capped his water. “So, you mentioned the dead girl, do they think she was murdered?”
“No, it sounds like she liked to party a little too much and may have accidently killed herself.”
“What about the waitress at the diner?” he asked, biting his lower lip. “That was a pretty weird.”
“Very.” I sat back in the chair. “So, um, have you heard anything about missing people or other bodies being discovered near the lake?”
He looked thoughtful. “No, not really; although, there have been plenty of people moving recently. That’s why I mentioned the cabins. Either people are selling or just renting out their lake homes.”
“Hey, Nikki,” said Nathan as he stepped into the break room, “are you ready to get going? I want to pick up those steaks for mom before it gets too late.”
I looked at my watch and noticed it was already after seven. “Yeah, we’d better leave.”
“Thanks for stopping by, guys,” said Duncan, standing up. He lowered his voice. “I’ll work on my dad so he’ll hire you.”
Nathan laughed. “Sounds good. I’ll give you a call in a couple of days if I don’t hear from him, to see what’s going on. If anything, we can go cruising.”
“Definitely. And don’t forget about the barbeque this weekend,” said Duncan. “Now that Nikki’s practically begged me to be your date, Nathan.”
Nathan’s eyes widened innocently. “Oh, what ever will I wear?” he asked, standing kind of prissy. “Do you like pink, Duncan?”
Duncan looked at my dress and then winked.  “Actually, I prefer blue.”
 

Chapter Seven


It was dark by the time we made it home and mom was on the deck, desperately trying to figure out the grill.
“Step aside before you blow us all up,” ordered Nathan, handing her the package of steaks.
“No arguments here,” she answered. “I prefer cooking on the stove myself, but the steaks taste so much better on the grill. Thanks for picking them up, by the way.”
“No problem. Just don’t give the sheriff mine, it’s the thirty-ouncer,” he replied. 
“Of course not, you bottomless pit,” she said. “But we’re also having potatoes, pasta salad, and corn on the cob. So pace yourself tonight, if you can.”
He snorted. “That’s it? No dessert?”
“Cheesecake,” she said. “But let’s make sure our guest gets a piece before you get your mitts on it.”
“You should have made two, and then you wouldn’t have to worry about it,” he joked.
She raised her finger. “I’m not going to worry about it because you’re going to wait until everyone else has had a piece before you devour the rest.”
“Okay, I can live with that.”
“You look nice,” I told her. She was wearing a lilac colored blouse and a new white skirt I’d never seen before. 
“Thanks,” she smiled. “So, how was your trip into town?”   
“It started out a little strange but got better,” I answered.
“What do you mean?”
Nathan interrupted. “Oh, she applied for a job at the local diner and some waitress slipped her a note with an ominous warning.”
“What?”
I showed her the piece of paper and she shrugged. “That is pretty odd. Maybe she knew the deceased girl? Who knows, she may think there was foul play involved.”
“Maybe there was,” I said.
She frowned. “The sheriff didn’t seem to think so. We’ll ask him about it again when he gets here.”
“Okay,” I said, putting the note away. I didn’t think he’d tell us much, however. Having a father for a cop taught me that they weren’t keen on divulging information like that. 
“So, did you guys make it to Duncan’s boat shop?”
“Yeah,” said Nathan. “And his dad is hiring for shop help, so I filled out an application.”
Her eyes widened. “Wow, that means both of you might have jobs before the end of the summer? That’s amazing!”
“Yeah, I know. I need money and a car, badly,” I said. 
“If you get a job, I’ll help you find a car and you can pay me back in installments. But, don’t expect anything fancy,” she said.
“Seriously? Thanks, mom,” I replied, throwing my arms around her. I’d never owned my own car before, although I had my license. I started thinking about all of the possibilities and became giddy.
“You bet. I know it’s tough not having a car; especially, now that you’ll be a senior.”
As I pulled away, my eyes caught a movement in the woods. At first, I thought it was a deer or some other wild animal, but then in a blur, it shot up into the trees. I wasn’t sure, but I could have sworn its eyes were glowing, too. Just like the so-called “Peeping Tom.”
“Something’s in the woods,” I whispered hoarsely.  
“What?” asked my mother.
Nathan stepped off the deck and began walking slowly towards the trees.
“What the hell are you doing?” barked mom.
He raised his hand. “Calm down. It’s probably just a deer or something.”
I pointed up towards the top of the trees. “It flew up there, and I doubt it was a reindeer.”
My mom released a heavy sigh. “Then it was just a bird. Don’t scare me like that.”
I shook my head, vehemently. “No, it wasn’t a bird.”
Nathan walked back onto the deck. “Of course it was a bird. Or maybe a flying squirrel.”
I put my hands on my waist. “It wasn’t a small animal, okay? It was big! Bigger than you,” I told him.
“The shadow probably looked a lot larger than the animal. When it’s dark like this, your eyes can play tricks on you. Think about it, nothing my size would be able to fly up into a tree,” he said. “It’s not possible.”
“I know what I saw,” I snapped, glaring at him, “and it was big. I’m going into the cabin. This place is really starting to give me the creeps.”
“It’s been a long day,” said my mom, as I opened the patio door. “Caleb should be here in another hour. If you’re hungry, Nikki, eat some of that pasta salad I made. It’s in the refrigerator. Oh, and put these steaks in there too, will you?”
She handed them to me and my stomach started rumbling as I went into the kitchen.  Although I was still freaked out about the flying shadow, I was also starving, as I hadn’t eaten anything since my salad at the diner earlier. 
I opened up the refrigerator and took out the large bowl of pasta, setting it on the counter. As I began scooping out some of the salad, the hair on the back of my neck stood straight up. I raised my eyes to the window facing me and let out a bloodcurdling scream. A pale face was staring at me through the glass. It disappeared quickly and I leaped away from the window in terror.
“What’s wrong?” hollered my brother, rushing into the kitchen.
“Someone was watching me,” I choked, pointing towards the window. “Through there!”
He stared at my frightened face then grabbed a butcher knife from the block.
“What are you planning on doing with that?” cried mom, entering the kitchen.
“Nikki thinks there’s someone out there.” He raised the knife. “If there is someone, I’m not going unarmed.”
Just then the doorbell rang, startling us all. 
“I’ll get it,” said mom. “Hopefully it’s the sheriff and he can take a look around outside.”
We followed her to the front door and she swung it open.
“Hello,” smiled Caleb, holding out two bottles of wine, a red and a white. “I wasn’t sure if you were a wine drinker or not. I brought red and white, just in case.”
“Thank God you’re here,” she said, grabbing a bottle of wine and pulling him through the door. “Nikki thinks someone is lurking around outside.”
“Think?” I snapped. “I know there is. Someone was in the woods watching all of us, and then a face stared at me through the window.”
Caleb was dressed in civilian clothing, jeans and a white polo shirt, but he reached down by his ankle and pulled out a gun. “Okay, I’ll go take a look. You guys stay inside and lock your doors.”
“Mom, I’m seriously really scared,” I said, as she locked the door. “What the hell is going on around here?”
She walked over and hugged me. “Don’t worry, it’ll be fine.”
“What if it’s dad?” said Nathan, his face pale. “What if he’s found us and is trying to scare the shit out of us?”
“Oh, hell, I never even considered that,” said mom, looking quite troubled, herself. “I hope not.”
“Would he do that?” I asked.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. The law is after him now. He might do anything. I can’t imagine how he found out where we were staying, though. The only person who knew was Ernie.”
“I think you should call Ernie and make sure he’s okay,” said Nathan. 
She moved towards the phone, her face white. “I’ll call him right now.”
There was a loud knock at the door. “It’s me. Let me in. Everything’s okay,” called Caleb.
Mom put down the phone and rushed to the door. “Did you find anything?” she asked, when he stepped inside.
He smiled. “Actually, I found a couple of raccoons outside that were looking pretty mischievous. I didn’t find anything else out of the ordinary, though.”
“Um, did you see footprints by any of the kitchen windows, or any prints?” asked Nathan. 
He bit back a smile. “I didn’t see much, I’m sorry. But I really don’t think there’s anyone out there.”
“I know what I saw, and it was a human face, staring at me through the kitchen window,” I said. “It freaked the crap out of me.”
His eyebrows shot up. “Okay, what did this person look like?”  
I sighed. “It was hard to tell, it happened so fast.”
“If you couldn’t really tell, then it’s quite possible that you saw an animal,” said Caleb, walking towards the window. He lifted one of the blinds and peered outside. “There are a lot of those in these woods.”
“It moved so quickly, I couldn’t tell if it was a man or woman, but it definitely wasn’t an animal. I’m sure of that,” I said
He released the blind and walked back over to us. “I can look around again, if it makes you feel better.”
“Thank you, Caleb,” interrupted my mom. “This family has been through so much that it would really be comforting if you could do that for us.”
He nodded slowly. “Okay, I understand. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
“Thank you,” I said, as he walked back towards the door.
“No problem. If it’s going to calm everyone down, I’ll be happy to do it.”
“I told you he was a nice man,” said mom after he left the cabin again.
Even I had to admit, it was almost comforting having him around. Almost.
Caleb took much longer this time, but when he returned, he still hadn’t discovered anything unusual.
“Thank you for doing that, Caleb,” said my mother, handing him a glass of red wine. “You could probably use a little of this right now.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” he answered with a lopsided grin. “Although I’d better not overindulge; I hear the cops in this area are pretty wicked.”
She giggled and then turned to Nathan. “Honey, can you fire up the grill? I’m sure everyone is starving by now.”
“Yeah, I’m fading away,” said Nathan, raising his hands in front of his face. “I can barely see my hands.”
Mom smiled and shook her head. Then she turned to me. “Nikki? Honey, why don’t you go upstairs and rest for a little while. I’ll fix you a plate of food and bring it up later, if you don’t feel like coming back down.”
I glanced at Caleb, who was staring at my mother like she was a filet mignon. I knew right then that it was time to make an exit. 
“Okay, I need to change anyway,” I said, getting off the couch. As I left, I could hear them talking and wanted to puke at the way she was flirting with the sheriff. It wasn’t that I didn’t like Caleb; I just didn’t think she was ready to start anything after what just happened.
I raced upstairs to my bedroom, still feeling tense. The gnawing feeling of dread in the pit of my stomach was driving me crazy and I just wanted to go back to my old home in San Diego.   
Feeling helpless, I kept the lights off and changed into a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, keeping my attention on the balcony window. When I finished, I grabbed my bat and slowly walked over to the glass and worked up the nerve to look down below. I half expected to see some kind of ghoul lurking around in the darkness. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary, however, which still wasn’t enough to calm my nerves. 
“What are you doing?” whispered Nathan next to my ear.
“Holy crap! Don’t you ever freak me out like that again!” I snapped. “You almost gave me a fucking heart attack!”
“Wow, I’m sorry. Just settle down, will you?”
I rubbed the beads of sweat from my forehead and then looked at him. “I don’t care what the sheriff says, I saw someone out there watching me in the kitchen.”
He sighed. “I’m not sure what you saw, either, but what I do know is that ever since we found that girl’s body, you’ve been going crazy. I mean, isn’t it possible that you saw a raccoon staring at you in the window? You said so yourself, you couldn’t even see the face very well.”
“I can tell the difference between a raccoon’s face and a person’s, Nathan. I’m not a complete moron,” I said, glancing through the window again. 
We both stared outside in silence for a while. 
“Maybe it really is dad, then,” he said softly. “He might be trying to frighten her or all of us.”
“I don’t know. It just doesn’t feel right. Dad had major anger issues, but he doesn’t seem the type of person who’d waste his time doing this kind of thing. In fact, he’s probably hiding on the other side of the world by now with the help of some of his cop friends.”
“Maybe,” said Nathan. 
I yawned. “I guess I’m going to bed. I lost my appetite anyway. Could you tell mom? I don’t really want to go back down there. It’s nauseating.”
He chuckled. “Okay, Nik, if you need us, just holler.”
“Oh, you’ll hear me. Count on that.”
After he left, I turned on the television and watched a movie about a girl who’d fallen in love with both a vampire and a werewolf. I’d already seen it a million times, so my eyelids grew heavy fairly quickly. Ten minutes later I was out cold in my bed and dreaming of Duncan, who turned into a werewolf and was trying to kill my own vampire boyfriend. Every time I tried to see the vampire’s face, however, it was a blur.
 

Chapter Eight

Mom was still sleeping when I woke the next morning, which was pretty odd, considering it was after ten and she never usually slept past eight.
“Hey,” I said to Nathan, who was eating a monstrous bowl of cereal and watching television at the kitchen counter.
He smirked. “It lives.”
“Very funny, butthead,” I answered.
“Just kidding, twerp,” he replied with his mouth full. “Hey, guess who called for you this morning?”
Duncan? “Who?”
“The manager at that diner you put in an application for.”
I stared at him in surprise. “Wow, really?”
“Yeah, you’re supposed to call her back if you’re still interested in setting up an interview. Here,” he said, handing me a slip of paper, “call Rosie at that number.”
“Awesome,” I said, grinning from ear to ear.  
Ten minutes later I had an interview set up for later that afternoon.
“Wow, that was fast,” said Nathan. “I guess I’ll have to give you a ride.”
“Or, you could just loan me your car.”
He snorted. “Right. Nobody drives that car but me. Not even Deanna got the privilege of driving my baby.”
“Hi, kids,” yawned mom as she shuffled into the kitchen. 
“You were up late,” said Nathan.
She turned on the Keurig and smiled. “Well, Caleb’s an interesting man. He’s traveled all over the world and we talked for hours about his crazy adventures.”
“Small town sheriff-slash-traveler extraordinaire, huh?” smirked Nathan.
Her eyes lit up. “He’s been to so many places, it’s amazing.”
“Oh, shoot,” I said. “Speaking of Caleb, I forgot to tell him about the note I received from the waitress yesterday.”
Mom waved her hand. “Oh, I mentioned it to him and he didn’t seem too concerned. He said this town has had its share of crimes, but there certainly wasn’t anything to be afraid of, even in the dark. He also mentioned that Amy was having a hard time getting over the loss of her friend, the one we found. It’s made her a little… unstable.”
I narrowed my eyes. “What do you mean, unstable?”
She sighed. “I’m not supposed to talk about this, but, she tried to commit suicide a couple weeks ago.”
“Wow,” replied Nathan. “That’s rough.”
Mom nodded. “I guess her parents have been trying frantically to get her help, even going as far as putting her on antidepressants, but obviously, she still has some emotional issues.”
“And Caleb knows all about this?” I asked.
She poured some cream into her coffee. “Yeah, his daughter, Celeste went to school with Amy. They both graduated in June.”
“Oh,” I said.
“How did you sleep last night?” she asked me.
“Fine, although, I had some disturbing dreams. Other than that, I slept pretty well.”
“Holy crap,” interrupted Nathan. He turned up the volume on the television and I stared at it in horror. A picture of the waitress who’d served us yesterday flashed across the screen.
“Seventeen-year-old Amy Kreger was found in the woods near Lake Shore, early this morning,” said the female reporter, standing next to an old Chevy Camaro. “Her car had been found abandoned by the side of the road with drug paraphernalia sitting openly on the front seat. When police officers were called to investigate, they found the deceased in the woods with self-inflicted wounds on both wrists. Tragically, this young girl was close friends with Tina Johnson, who went missing a few weeks ago. Tina’s body was found just two days ago, washed up onshore in an undisclosed location. Police officials do not suspect foul play in either case.”   
Nathan turned off the television and we all stared at each other in shock.
I cleared my throat. “No foul play in either case? Seems unlikely now, doesn’t it?
“Maybe it’s just two very disturbed girls,” replied Nathan.
Mom shook her head sadly. “That poor girl. Her parents must be devastated.” 
“She was so pretty, too,” said Nathan. “It just goes to show that you can’t judge people by what’s on the outside. Amy must have been pretty messed up.”
I stood up. “Did it ever occur to you that maybe she wasn’t messed up?”
“Nikki…” said my mom.
“They found drugs in her car. Obviously, she had issues,” said Nathan.
“Whatever, I’m going to lie down in my room for a while,” I said. “This is nuts.”
I went upstairs and took out the note Amy had given me. It gave me the chills to know that she was now dead. 
“Hey,” said Nathan from my doorway. “I’m taking the boat out in an hour if you want to get some fresh air and clear your head.”
I nodded. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. Is mom coming?”
He shook his head. “No, she’s going into town to talk with her new boss. I guess she’s starting work on Monday.”
“Okay. I’ll be down in an hour.”
He left and I took a quick shower, still thinking about Amy and the face in the window last night. I wasn’t sure at this point which was more disturbing. I knew one thing, however; I was going to try and talk mom out of staying here. Something was going on in this town. I wasn’t sure if it was just one crazy freak or a group of them. What I did know was that there were two dead girls and now someone was spying on us. At this point, dad seemed less frightening.
After I toweled off, I slipped on a pair of shorts and a tank top, then piled my hair on top of my head. 
“Ready?” asked Nathan when I met him downstairs.
“Yeah, let me grab something to eat first”
When I entered the kitchen, mom was standing over the sink with the water running, her face pasty white.
“Are you okay?”
She nodded. “Yeah, I think I had a little too much wine last night. It’s finally catching up to me.”
“Really? A delayed hangover? That’s weird. Hey, what’s that on your neck?” I asked, staring at her skin. “Did you get bit by a couple of mosquitos?”
She touched her neck. “I must have.”
The skin on her neck was definitely swollen and there were two small red bumps just below her ear.
I squinted. “Does it itch? It looks pretty inflamed.”
My mom had always been very sensitive to bug bites, so it wasn’t a surprise that her skin was tender and sore-looking.
She shrugged. “No, not really. It’s a little tender, though.”
“You should put something on that,” I said, turning away from her. I reached into the cupboard and grabbed a box of chewy granola bars. “Some of that Neosporin stuff.”
“I will.” She touched her head and groaned. “God, remind me not to have more than one glass of wine the next time anyone offers.”
I snorted. “No doubt.”
She grabbed a paper towel, poured cool water over it, and then dabbed her forehead. “You know, I think I’m going to lie back down for a while.”
“Hey,” I said as she began walking away, “I have an interview this afternoon. That diner I was telling you about.”
“Good job, sweetheart. I’m sure you’ll get it.”
I’m sure, too. They’re really in need of help now that Amy’s gone, I thought bitterly. 
Thirty minutes later, Nathan and I were racing across the lake in the boat again. 
“Let’s head over to Sonny and Duncan’s marina!” he yelled over the engine.
I gave him the thumbs-up. I had to admit, the thought of seeing Duncan again was stirring up the butterflies in my stomach. 
The sun was already hot, and by the time we reached the marina, I could feel the back of my neck and shoulders begin to burn. I grabbed some sunscreen and started lathering it on.
“Hey!” called Duncan, who was putting gasoline into a fishing boat. 
“What’s up, Dunc?” asked Nathan.
He smiled. “Not much.”
Nathan docked the boat and tied it. “So, did your dad mention anything about the job yet?”
Duncan laughed. “Haven’t had time to talk about it. But I think you have the best shot so far. My dad seems to like you.”
“Cool. Nikki already has an interview later this afternoon for a waitressing job.”
Duncan looked at me. “Ruth’s?”
“Yeah. By the way, did you watch the news this morning?”
He shook his head. “No, been working.”
I told him about Amy and then mentioned the face in the window.
His eyebrow shot up. “Seriously? Wow, it’s weird that you mentioned that, because I’m pretty sure that someone was watching me last night, too.”
 

Chapter Nine


My stomach clenched up like a fist. “Really?”
He nodded. “It was just before midnight and I was in the kitchen, having a snack. I heard some weird scraping noises near one of the windows, and when I looked up, I could have sworn someone ducked away. I even went outside to check it out.”
I shivered. “Did you find anyone?”
“I didn’t. But I felt like someone was watching me when I was outside, too. I have to admit, it kind of scared the shit out of me.”
I turned to Nathan. “So, do you think I’m still seeing things?”
He looked at both of us and shook his head. “Fine, I believe you. Maybe it’s a Peeping Tom?”
Duncan shrugged. “Could be, or something worse. It also happened to me a few weeks ago, too, but I thought I was just imagining things. In fact, now that I think about it, I believe it happened around the night that girl went missing, Tina Johnson.” 
I looked at both of them. “And last night, Amy was murdered.”
Nathan groaned. “Nikki, quit it already. You watched the news! They have evidence that she committed suicide. They found drugs in her car and her wrists were slashed. She was messed up. Caleb’s daughter even told him she had issues.”
“Maybe, but I still have a hard time believing it. Someone could have killed her and covered it up. She was terrified of something. Why would she warn us if she wasn’t?”
Nathan walked over and shook me playfully. “You’re making something out of nothing. Okay, even if someone was watching both of you last night, it’s probably just some pervert.”
“And that’s supposed to make me feel better?” I asked incredulously.
With a determined look on his face, Duncan said, “You know what? I think we should try and catch whoever’s doing it.”
“How?” I asked, my heart beginning to race. It sounded frightening and exciting at the same time. 
“We could set up video cameras. I have some extra ones in storage that we keep for the marina. Hey, we could monitor both our cabins.”
I nodded, feeling the surge of adrenaline strike every part of my body. “I think we should! If we get it on camera, the sheriff will take us seriously!”
“Fine,” replied Nathan. “If it’s going to help you get over your paranoia, Nikki, I’ll help Duncan set it up.”
“Okay,” said Duncan. “I’m pretty busy this morning, but around lunchtime, I can get them out of storage and start setting things up.”
“I have to bring Nikki to her interview this afternoon. We’ll stop by your place after and you can follow us out to the cabin to set up something there.”
Duncan nodded. “Sounds good.”
“Thanks, Duncan,” I said softly. “I’ve been going nuts about this.”
Duncan’s eyes met mine. “You’re welcome.”
“We’d better get back,” said Nathan, looking at his watch. “I’m hungry and Nikki probably wants to prepare for her interview.”
His eyes lowered and he grinned. “If she keeps that outfit on, she’ll definitely get hired.”
My cheeks burned red. I didn’t know what to say, although I had to admit, I was beyond delighted.
Nathan snickered. “Wow, Duncan, I’ve never seen Nikki at a loss for words. Do you want to move in with us? Could sure use the peace.”
I flipped him the bird. “Very funny.”
Nathan untied the boat and pushed us away from the dock. “See you later, Dunc.”
“Yeah, see you,” I said.
“Goodbye and good luck with your interview,” he replied.
“Thanks.”
As we drifted away and Nathan started the engine, I put my sunglasses on and watched as Duncan began fueling another boat. Not only was he cute, but he believed me, without question. So far, he was the only real good thing I’d encountered in Shore Lake.
 
Chapter Ten

Three hours later, I sat across from Rosie, who’d inherited Ruth’s diner from her mother several years back. As she looked over my job application, I studied the rail-thin, bleach-blond woman and gathered she was somewhere in her sixties because of her weathered skin. She did have a cigarette resting behind her ear, so she could have actually been younger.
“You’re new in town?” she asked in a gravelly voice.
“Yes, we just moved here a couple of days ago.”
“Have you ever waitressed before?”
I sighed. “No. I worked at a boutique, though, so I’ve used a register before and have experience with customers.”
She nodded. “You’ll be on your feet a lot. Do you have any problems with that?”
I shook my head. 
“Are you available to work nights?”
I bit the side of my lip. “I’d prefer days, if that’s possible.”
She studied me. “To be honest, I really need the help at night. I don’t expect you to work past midnight, but my second shift is really hurting right now. I’m even willing to pay you an extra dollar an hour.”
I sighed. “That’s fine. Is there a chance that I can switch to days in the future? When school starts, my mom won’t want me working past ten.”
She nodded. “We won’t make you work past nine during the week, but we’d need you until midnight on Friday or Saturday. Would that be an issue for you?”
“No,” I answered.
She asked me a few more questions then hired me on the spot. 
“Wow, that was fast,” I blurted out.
She smiled. “We need the help, desperately. Can you start tomorrow?”
I nodded. “That shouldn’t be a problem.”
“You’ll be training with Susan. So, we’ll see you around four, tomorrow afternoon?”
I agreed and then she found me a uniform, which wasn’t easy with my short frame. When it was all said and done, I left the diner so giddy that I wanted to scream.
“Let me guess, they hated you,” smiled Nathan as I got into his Mustang. He’d been listening to the stereo and waiting for me in the parking lot.
I held up my hand. “I start tomorrow.”
He slapped it. “Good job. I also have awesome news; Sonny called my cell phone and I start next Monday. Pending a drug test. I’m sure Duncan had everything to do with it, but I’m not complaining.”
“That’s great!” I said and then swore. “So, how are we going to work this out? I need a ride to and from work until I’m able to get a car. They want me working second shift.”
“If I’m at the marina, I’ll try and work something out with Sonny. Maybe I can take my lunch break and pick you up at the cabin? I’m sure he’ll be cool with that. It’ll just be for a little while, anyway.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I know it isn’t easy driving me around everywhere.”
“Yeah, you’re kind of a pain in the ass,” he smirked.
I smacked him in the shoulder again. “You are an ass so I guess it kind of makes sense.”
He rubbed his arm. “I must have a permanent bruise there from you beating up on me all the time. Show your brother some love,” he pouted.
“Shut your yap and you won’t get hurt.”
“Ho, ho… big words from such a little twerp,” he said.
I raised my fist again. “You don’t listen very well, do you?”
He snorted and shook his head. “You’re so violent.”
I smiled. “Just remember that.”
“So, let’s head over to the marina and check out the surveillance equipment,” he said.
“Okay.”
Nathan gave me a sideways glance. “Although I’m sure Duncan will be monitoring someone else.”
“What?”
Nathan smiled. “Oh, come on. You know he has the hots for you.”
“Whatever,” I said, looking out the window.
“He does, but that’s okay because he seems like a decent guy. I think you should go for it.”
I snorted. “Go for it? Look, I’m not interested in going for anything right now.”
“Right. That’s why you blush every time he looks your way.”
“I do not!”
“You’re face turns as red as a tomato.”
I could feel it burning right now as he teased me.
“See!” he laughed.
“It’s just a sunburn!”
He shook his head and gave me a knowing look. 
I turned up the radio and tried avoiding his smartass grin.
When we arrived at the marina, we walked over to the cabin next door, where Duncan was adjusting his surveillance equipment.
“All set?” asked Nathan.
He nodded. “Yeah, I’ve got cameras set up all around the perimeter of this place. There’s no way I’ll miss this guy if he comes back.”
“You still want to do our cabin, too?”
He nodded. “Yeah, I’ll follow you in my truck. I’m ready whenever you are.”
“Shoot, I just remembered, I have to pick up mom’s dry cleaning. Is it okay if Nikki rides with you and shows you where we live? I’ll meet you both at the cabin as soon as I’m done.”
My eyes narrowed, I didn’t remember her requesting anything like that. In fact, she was supposed to drive into town herself sometime today. I didn’t mention any of this, however. I didn’t want Duncan to think Nathan was trying to play matchmaker.
“Sure,” replied Duncan. He looked at me. “Should we get going?”
I nodded and then followed him to a white pickup truck with “Sonny’s Boat Repairs” on it.
Duncan apologized. “Sorry, it’s nothing fancy but it gets me places.”
I smiled. “It’s better than what I have, which is nothing.”
He turned the radio on and glanced at me. “You look nice. How did your interview go?”
I smiled. “I got the job. In fact, I start tomorrow evening.” 
“See, I told you, you’d get it.”
I looked down at my clothes. For the interview, I had worn a peach silk blouse and mid-length black skirt with heels. My feet were already killing me.
“I guess I know where I’ll be eating dinner from now on.”
I laughed. “It’s your stomach. I’m not cooking, you know, I’m only serving.”
He shrugged. “That’s okay. I’ll come in and be one of those annoying customers who sits and drinks coffee all day long, but I’ll leave a much better tip.”
“As long as you tip, I’ll save you a booth.”
“So,” he said, changing the subject. “Do you remember anything about the face you saw in the window?”
I shook my head. “No, it left so quickly. I know it wasn’t an animal like the sheriff suggested.”
“You called the sheriff?”
“He came over for dinner. He has the hots for my mom.”
He laughed. “Boy, he works fast.”
“My mom is already looking at engagement rings.”
He raised his eyebrows.
I laughed. “I’m just kidding.”
“I was going to say...”
“No, but she certainly likes him. Anyway, he went out and looked around for a while, but figured it was just a raccoon.”
“But you don’t believe it?”
“No,” I said. “There wasn’t any fur on the face that I saw.”
I then explained about the feeling of being watched when we were on the deck and the shadow that flew into the trees. As I went on, his face darkened. 
“What?” I asked.
“That’s happened to me before, too. I thought I was imagining it and made excuses, thinking it was a large barn owl or something.”
I could feel the goose bumps traveling up my arms again. “This thing that I saw stood as tall as you. I couldn’t make out what it looked like, but it was something much larger than a bird.”
“Hopefully, these cameras will pick something up. They have a range of one hundred feet. I’ll make sure some of them are pointing towards the woods, too.”
When we made it back to the cabin, it was almost five o’clock and my mother was gone.
“Wow, nice place,” said Duncan. 
“It is. Too bad I’m not enjoying it because I’m so freaked out at night.”
“I don’t blame you.”
I showed him around the cabin and then he started unloading the truck.
“Um, is there a way that you can put a camera near my bedroom balcony?” I asked.
“Have you seen someone looking through it?” he asked, incredulously.
“Actually, I thought I saw someone staring at me through the window in my bathroom when I was getting out of the tub.”
He raised his eyebrows. “He actually saw you naked?”
My face turned pink. “I think so.”
Duncan smiled wickedly. “I guess it would be inappropriate for me to say, ‘Lucky man’?”
My jaw dropped and I smiled. “Uh, yeah!”
“I’m sorry, I just couldn’t resist.”
“Right.”
“I’m sorry, that was uncalled for; a feeble attempt to flirt.”
“You were trying to flirt with me?”
His gray eyes burned into mine. “I was. Did it work?”
I shivered in pleasure.  “Well, I…”
Thankfully, Nathan pulled up in his car at that moment and I was saved from having to answer anything. 
“Hey, guys,” he said, slamming the door. 
“Hi,” said Duncan, walking past him. “Nikki just gave me a tour of the place, so let’s start getting these things set up before it gets dark.”
“Sounds good,” replied Nathan.
“Where’s the dry cleaning?” I whispered.
He smiled sheepishly. “Oh, I must have forgotten it.”
“You did that on purpose. Thanks,” I said, sarcastically.
“You’re welcome. Did you guys make out, yet?”
I punched him in the shoulder.
 
Chapter Eleven


It took a couple of hours to set up all of the cameras. Mom showed up just as we were finishing up.
“What’s all this?” she asked.
Nathan explained that we were setting up surveillance to catch a Peeping Tom.
“I thought we were through with that?” she said. She was wearing dark sunglasses and looked like she was still suffering from her hangover.
I cleared my throat. “Duncan had someone looking in his windows last night, too, mom. It’s not just us.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Really?” 
Duncan nodded. “Yeah and it was definitely not an animal.”
Mom yawned. “Then I hope you catch whoever is doing it. It’s probably some pervert or something.”
“Or a killer,” I said.
“What?” she asked, incredulously. She’d obviously heard me but didn’t believe what I was suggesting.
“Nothing.”
She yawned again. “Listen, I’m going to lie down for a while. I’m so wiped out.”
“Do you want me to make dinner?” I asked.
She grimaced. “Actually, I’ve been nauseated all day. I’m going to eat a couple more crackers and then go right to bed.”
“Duncan, would you like to dine with us?” asked Nathan as mom trudged up the stairs and into the cabin. “I make a mean frozen pizza.”
Duncan laughed. “No, I have to head back before my old man starts hounding me again,” he said, raising his cell phone. “He’s already sent me a message, wondering where I am.”
“Okay, thanks for setting all of this up. I kind of hope we see some action tonight,” said Nathan.
“Here’s my number,” he said, holding out a business card. “My dad made these for me to give to customers. Call me if something happens.”
“Will do. Your dad has my number, call me if you catch a prowler.”
“Okay. Good luck with your new job, Nikki,” said Duncan. “I’ll give you a couple of days before I stop in and harass you.”
“Thanks.” 
After Duncan left, we walked around the perimeter of the house again to make sure all of the cameras were facing the right way.
“There’s even one by your balcony to make sure some Romeo doesn’t try and steal you away at night.”
I snorted. “If someone shows up on my balcony, I’m going to beat them with my bat while I scream bloody murder.”
He laughed. “That guy has no chance.”
We went into the kitchen where Nathan made a pizza and then joined me on the couch to watch movies.
“So what do you think of mom dating Caleb?” I asked. 
“He seems like a good guy.”
“You don’t think it’s too soon for her?”
“I think mom is lonely and wants to feel protected. The town’s sheriff sure fits that bill.”
I shrugged. “I suppose. I’m just worried about her getting hurt.”
“Nobody can hurt her as much as dad did,” said Nathan. “Sad but true.”
That was for certain.
I fell asleep halfway through some horror flick about zombies when several loud thuds from outside woke me up.
“What was that?” I gasped.
Nathan stood up and I could tell he was as freaked out as I was. “I don’t know.”
Something heavy banged against the door, and we both jumped.
“Oh, my God, Nathan, what’s happening?” 
He ran into the kitchen and came back out carrying the butcher knife. 
“You’re not going out there, are you?” I whispered in horror.
He swallowed. “I was considering it.”
More loud bangs and I grabbed the phone. “I’m calling nine-one-one.”
“Wait, it could be a raccoon or a bear.”
“A bear; like you’d want to tackle that by yourself, anyway.”
He nodded. “True. I’m going to open up the blinds and look outside.”
I followed him over to the window. “Can you see anything?” I asked as he peeked through the gap in the blinds.
“Shit,” he whispered.
“What?”
He turned towards me, his face as white as a ghost. “It’s the cameras. Un… fucking… believable!”
I looked outside and gasped. Even in the dark I could tell that someone had destroyed all of the surveillance equipment we’d set up.
We raced upstairs and woke up mom. She called the police, and a half hour later, one of the deputy sheriffs arrived at the house. 
“I don’t know who did this, but they’re gone now,” he said. He was a middle-aged man with a curly black moustache that he kept touching, which creeped me out. 
Mom let out a long, ragged sigh. “Why would somebody do this?”  
“Oh, I don’t know… so they wouldn’t get caught spying on us?” I muttered sarcastically.
“Can you check for fingerprints or anything?” asked Nathan.
He nodded. “Yeah, I put a call in for a couple of our guys to get out here and do that, so try not to touch anything. They should be arriving any minute.”
“So, where is the sheriff?” I asked.
“Caleb? Oh, it’s his night off,” replied the deputy. “He won’t be back in until late tomorrow night.”
Mom nodded. “He mentioned that he was going out of town today with his daughter.”
“Let me get a statement from you and then I’ll be on my way. There isn’t much we can do without any evidence right now. If we pick up something from the fingerprints, we’ll proceed from there.”
After everyone was gone, mom dragged herself back to bed but Nathan and I were still spooked and unable to sleep. 
Nathan shook his head. “Duncan is going to be pissed when he finds out what happened. That was thousands of dollars in video equipment this person destroyed.”
“Let’s call him, it’s only eleven. I’m sure he’s awake.”
A half hour later Duncan pulled up in his white truck. Our eyes met immediately and I had to admit, I was really glad to see him.
“Wow,” he said, “This is amazing. I can’t believe someone trashed all of these cameras. Did you see anything?’
“We heard the crashes but were too freaked out to investigate when it was happening,” I said. “It actually happened pretty quickly.”
“They must have brought their own ladder,” said Nathan. “I locked up the other one we’d used, earlier.”
Duncan walked over to one of the trees and smiled proudly. “They missed one. I hid it pretty good. Let’s go see if it recorded anything interesting.”
Nathan slapped him on the back. “You are the man!” 
Fifteen minutes later, we stared in awe at the video screen. 
“What in the hell?” asked Nathan.
We watched in disbelief, as two of the other cameras were violently ripped from the house, but there was no sign of whoever was doing it.
“Ghosts?” I gasped incredulously. “I mean, there’s nobody there!”
Duncan and Nathan looked at each other, both obviously stunned as well.
“This is freaking crazy. It doesn’t make sense,” said Nathan.
We rewound the video and watched it again with the same results. It seemed as if an invisible force had destroyed each of the cameras.
“Okay, common sense doesn’t explain this at all,” said Duncan. “Maybe it is some kind of poltergeist?”
“If it is, I’m definitely not staying here any longer,” I said. The thought of the cabin being inhabited by ghosts freaked the crap out of me. I saw the movies Poltergeist and Amityville Horror. I knew when it was time to leave. Not after the ghosts tried killing you, but before.
“We have to show the sheriff,” said Nathan. “Maybe he can make sense of it.”
“Sense? A fucking ghost is messing with our minds, Nathan,” I snapped. “You keep trying to make scientific excuses because you don’t want to believe it. Look at the film! You heard the loud bangs! The cameras didn’t just fall from the house by themselves! We’ve got to get the hell out of this town!”
He raised his hands. “Okay, calm down. You’re right. Something is happening that is beyond any explanation that I can come up with. We’ll show mom tomorrow and still talk to the sheriff. If it is some kind of ghost, we’ll get the cabin… exorcised or something.”
“Maybe you should talk to the owners of the cabin?” interrupted Duncan. “They might already be aware of these ghosts.”
“What about your house, Duncan?” I asked. “How do you explain the face in the window or shadows flying into the trees?”
He smiled wryly. “Maybe the ghost is roaming the town? I don’t know. None of this shit makes sense to me, either.”
We watched the video one last time and then Duncan turned it off. “I’m going home to check on the cameras I’ve installed there, to see if they’re still in place. I’ll call you if I find anything else odd.”
“Duncan,” I said. “I’m sorry about the damaged equipment. I wish we could somehow replace it for you.”
He waved his hand. “Hell, it’s not your fault. If anything, we may have actual proof that ghosts inhabit Shore Lake,” he said with a sinister smile. “We could all become rich and famous.”

 
Chapter Twelve

I woke up around nine-thirty the next morning and noticed that mom was still sleeping.
“She must be coming down with something,” I said to Nathan, who was outside sweeping up pieces of the broken video equipment. 
He shrugged. “Could be the fresh air.”
“Maybe. So, did you hear anything from Duncan yet?”
“Yeah, he said his cameras were fine and there didn’t appear to be anything unusual going on in the videos.”
“That’s good, I guess. I had a hard time sleeping last night. I felt like something was watching me again.”
He laughed. “Probably me. I checked up on you a couple of times and you were snoring away.”
“I do not snore.”
“How in the hell do you know?”
I raised my chin. “I just do.”
He snorted. “Whatever. Anyway, as soon as mom gets up, we’ll show her the video and see what she thinks.”
Just then, an old red pickup drove up the path and parked next to Nathan’s Mustang.
“It’s our neighbor. I think mom said her name’s Abigail,” said Nathan.
“Hello!” said the older woman, getting out of the truck. “I just wanted to stop by and welcome you. Sorry it took me so long.”
“No problem,” said Nathan. “We should have come over and introduced ourselves.”
“No worries,” she replied, carrying a large pie pan. “I hope you like strawberry rhubarb pie; I made it fresh, early this morning!”
“We love it, thank you,” said Nathan as she handed it to him. “Wow, it looks awesome.”
“My name is Abigail, by the way. I live at the next cabin over.” 
“I’m Nathan and that’s Nikki,” said Nathan.
“Hi,” I said.
“Wonderful to meet you both.”
Abigail looked like she was in her seventies or eighties, had reddish-brown hair and watery green eyes.
“I’ll be right back,” said Nathan. “I’ll put the pie in the kitchen. Did you want a piece, Abigail?”
She shook her head and smiled. “No, but thank you. I made it for you folks.”
“Okay, if you change your mind, let me know,” he called, going into the house.
“Um, our mother’s not feeling well,” I explained. “Otherwise she’d be out here greeting you, too. I’m sure she’ll be sad that she missed you.”
She smiled. “That’s all right.”
“I suppose you saw the police here a couple of times,” I said. 
Her smile fell. “Yes I did notice that.”
“We found a body the first night we arrived, and last night, someone smashed our video equipment. We’ve been trying to catch the culprit. It’s been pretty crazy.”
“A body?” she said, her eyes widening. “Was it that young girl they mentioned on the news? Tina Johnson?”
I nodded. “Yes. They think she drowned and washed up here.”
“They don’t think it’s… foul play?”
“Well,” I said. “Personally, I think it is, but nobody else seems to believe it.”
She leaned forward. “And why do you think it’s foul play?”
I sighed. “Because we’ve had someone trying to scare us every night since we arrived. Then, the waitress who supposedly killed herself in the woods the other night, Amy? She gave me a warning the same day she died.”
“What do you mean?”
“She slipped me a note at Ruth’s, warning me not to go out at night and not to let any strangers into our home.”
Abigail stared at me for a few seconds and then let out a long sigh. “Nikki, she gave you some good advice. If I were you, I’d stay in and not invite anyone into your cabin. Especially, those you don’t know.”
My heart began to pound. “So, you think it’s dangerous out here at night?”
Her eyes grew misty. “I know it is. My husband was killed by something evil,” she said, looking up at towards trees. “There are things in Shore Lake that you don’t know about; things you couldn’t even imagine. In fact, I wanted to come over and warn you myself, before I left town.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, the hair standing up on the back of my neck.
Just then, Nathan walked out. “Okay, I couldn’t resist, Abigail; I had a little piece. And let me tell you, it was the best strawberry rhubarb pie I’d ever tasted.” 
She nodded. “Good.”
Noticing her sudden melancholy, he asked, “Are you okay?”  
“Um, Nathan, Abigail was just telling me it’s dangerous here at night and that her husband was murdered.”
Nathan’s stared at her in horror. “Your husband was murdered? Do you know who did it?”
“Vampires,” she stated without hesitation.
“Excuse me?” choked Nathan.
Her face darkened. “Shore Lake is infested with vampires.” 
He burst out laughing and clapped his hands. “Okay, very funny, Abigail. Vampires, that’s a good one!”
The look in her eyes was so serious, it made me start to doubt what was real and what wasn’t. 
“Don’t mock me,” she said. “I’m not joking, young man.”
The porch door opened up and mom stepped out. She was wearing dark sunglasses and still looked unusually pale. 
“Hey, mom,” said Nathan. “This is Abigail.”
Mom nodded. “Yes, I remember seeing you fishing the other day. Nice to meet you, Abigail. I’m Anne.”
“Nice to meet you, too. Say, if you don’t mind my asking, what’s wrong with your neck?”
The swelling on mom’s neck appeared to be getting worse. She touched it and winced. “I don’t know. I think I was bitten by a couple of mosquitos, or maybe even a spider.”
Abigail cleared her throat. “I used to be a nurse, can I take a look?” 
“Sure,” replied mom. 
Abigail walked up onto the porch and examined the bites. After a few seconds she stepped back. “When did you get those?” 
Mom shrugged. “I don’t know, the other night when the sheriff was over for dinner. I didn’t notice it until the next morning.”
“Sheriff Caleb?” asked Abigail.
“Yes, the sheriff,” I said. “I guess you could say they’re dating.”
Abigail backed away from mom and then hurried down the porch. “I have to go. It was nice meeting you folks.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked. First her talk about vampires, and now she appeared to be spooked by the bites on mom’s neck. Then it hit me. “You’re not thinking that the bites on mom’s neck are… vampire bites, are you?” I asked with a wry smile. Even I had a hard time believing her ridiculous talk. Believing in ghosts was bad enough.  
She opened her truck door and turned back to look at us. “Damn right I do.”
 
 

 
Chapter Thirteen



“What?” chuckled mom, staring at her in disbelief.
She pointed towards her neck. “You’ve got the mark and if you don’t get out of town while you still can, you’ll be a threat to your children and everyone else in town.”
All of us watched her in stunned silence as she slammed the door and drove away, kicking up dust in her wake.
“Now that was really weird,” I said.
“What a fruitcake,” said mom as she turned around and headed back into the house. “Certifiable nutcase.”
I followed her in and we went into the kitchen.
“So, um… are you feeling, okay?” I asked.
She removed her sunglasses and smiled. “I feel like turning into a vampire and sucking your blood!” she joked.
I snorted. “Yeah, that was one weird old lady. Maybe she’s the one trying to scare us.”
She sighed. “You know, I never thought of that. I should mention it to Caleb when he comes over tonight.”
“Are you guys going on a real date this time, or are you cooking, again?” 
“Actually, he’s planning on bringing me to his place. His daughter is making dinner for both of us, I guess.” 
“Mom,” said Nathan, coming into the kitchen. “Did Nikki tell you yet?”
“Tell me what?”
Nathan told her about the video and she followed us into the den to watch it.
“Something must be wrong with the camera,” said mom. “There’s no way that video equipment fell to the ground on its own.”
“Or… we have a poltergeist,” I said.
She looked at me and groaned. “You’ve got to be kidding! First all this talk about vampires, and now, you, with the ghosts?”
“Then how do you explain what happened on the film?” said Nathan. “Even I’m having a little trouble with it.”
She closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Seriously, I don’t know. Maybe Duncan didn’t fasten them down tight enough and they fell. Or maybe an animal pulled them down.”
“I think we should show them to the sheriff and see what he thinks,” said Nathan.
“Okay, he’ll be here after nine o’clock to pick me up. I’ll show him.”
“You hungry, mom?” asked Nathan. “I can make you something.”
“Could you? I’m starving,” she said. “I’ll go take a shower and you can make me whatever you want.”
“Okay, how about a hamburger?” he asked. 
She yawned. “Oh, now that sounds good.”
“How do you want it prepared?”
Mom turned to him and smiled wickedly. “Bloody rare. I’m turning into a vampire, you know.”

~~~

I spent most of the day watching television and thinking about Duncan. He was coming over tonight when I was finished at the diner, and all three of us were going to try and videotape some more ghost activity. Nathan now believed it was really a poltergeist and was even talking about hiring an expert to help us.
Nathan dropped me off at the diner just before four o’clock. It was busy and the waitress who was supposed to train me, Susan, appeared stressed out. 
“Just follow me around for now and when it slows up, I’ll go over the menus and tickets,” she said, stepping around me with a tray full of food.
“Okay.”
I followed her to a busy table while other customers tried getting her attention. She handed out the food and then I followed her back to the counter, where she handed me a coffeepot.
“Better idea, why don’t you just go around and see if any of my tables need coffee or soda refills?” she said, pointing to her section. 
Unfortunately, it never did slow down and I spent most of my time following her around or refilling beverages. At the end of the night, my feet were sore, but Susan had shared some of her tips, so I was happy.
“Sorry the training sucked today,” she said, removing her apron. “We’ve been so busy ever since Amy…” she looked away.
I nodded. “I understand.”
She turned back to me and her eyes were moist. “She was a good friend. It’s going to be hard to replace her.”
“I doubt I could ever replace her,” I said. “In fact, she was the one who gave me the application in the first place.”
“Listen, if you can stay a little later tomorrow night, I’ll go over everything else with you that we missed during our shift. Friday evenings are always busy, so plan on being here, late.”
“Okay, thanks.”
“Just remember two of the most important rules: the customer is always right, even when they’re wrong, and to always smile, even when you want to slit their throats. Especially the super picky customers.”
I smiled. “Okay.”
She stared at me for a minute.
“What?” I asked.
“You know, you look very similar to Amy. Different color hair, but your features are similar.”
My cell phone began to vibrate.
“It’s my ride,” I told her and answered the phone.
“Hi,” said Nathan. “My car won’t start.”
“What do you mean?” 
He sighed. “The battery must be dead or something. I’m trying to get ahold of Duncan, to see if he can give you a ride home.”
“What about mom?”  
“I can’t find her keys anywhere. Caleb’s already picked her up, and she forgot her cell phone here on the counter.”
“Great. Okay, let me know if you talk to Duncan. I’ll just hang out here for a while.”
I hung up the phone and Susan tapped me on the shoulder. “Sorry, I wasn’t trying to listen in but… do you need a ride?”
“I might.”
“My brother should be here in a half hour. I’m sure he’ll give you one.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I can’t wait until I get my own car. Relying on someone else for a ride all the time is so frustrating.”
“I know. I’m going outside to have a smoke, you want to join me?”
“I don’t smoke but I’ll come out with you”
We both grabbed a couple of sodas and I followed her out the back door of the diner where there was a picnic table. We sat down in the darkness and she cleared her throat. “At least it’s a nice night. The moon is full and there aren’t any clouds.”
It was true; the stars were bright and it was a little cool outside, so we weren’t getting bitten up by mosquitos. It seemed really peaceful, although I kept thinking about Amy and her warnings about how dangerous it was at night in Shore Lake.
Susan lit up a cigarette and took a long drag. “Oh, man, I needed that.”
“So… you were friends with Amy?” I asked.
“Yeah,” she said, looking away. “I still can’t believe she’s gone.”
“She seemed really nice when I met her.”
Susan looked at me and nodded. “She was a sweetheart. Her boyfriend, though, he was scary. I’m glad she dumped him.”
“She had a boyfriend?”
She blew out another stream of smoke. “Yeah, Ethan. He hangs out here sometimes at night with his crew. They’re all kind of freaky if you ask me.”
“Why, what do you mean?”
Susan shrugged. “I don’t know; there’s just something strange about them. They come in here, hardly saying a word to each other. They just sit and stare at us, sipping their coffee. Ethan is the scariest. He’s cute, but there’s something about him that makes me nervous. He has these penetrating blue eyes that give me the creeps. Anyway, I really hate serving them, but they’re paying customers, so we can’t exactly kick them out.”
I cleared my throat. “Weird. So, why did she break up with this Ethan guy?”
She laughed. “Amy always had quite the imagination. Everyone thought she was a little… nuts, and maybe, she really was. I mean, she did kill herself. Anyway, she once told me she thought he was a vampire.”
“What?” I choked on my diet soda.
“I know, right?” she smirked. “A freakin’ vampire! Although, if I did believe in vampires, he’d be the first on my list of suspects.”
My throat was really dry as I took another sip of soda. First Abigail, and now Amy; both believed there were vampires roaming the town.
“We’d better go back into the diner,” she said, putting out her cigarette. “My brother will be here soon. I’ll see if he can give you a ride.”
My cell phone went off again as we entered the diner. 
“It’s Nathan,” said my brother. “Duncan’s coming to pick you up.”
“Great, thanks,” I said.
“Make sure he brings you straight home. Don’t go jumping his bones or anything.”
“Ha-ha. You are such a comedian.”
He laughed and hung up.
“I’m getting a ride from a friend,” I told Susan. “Thanks for the offer, though.”
“No problem. Oh, my brother’s here,” she said, looking at her phone. “He just texted me. I’ll see you tomorrow, at four o’clock again?”
“Yeah, see you tomorrow.” 
After she left, I sat down at one of the booths, to finish my soda and wait for Duncan. As I watched the front door, a group of kids around my age walked through. One of the other waitresses seated them.
“Same as usual?” asked the older waitress, who I’d met earlier. Her name was Darlene and she was close to retiring.
“Just coffee,” said a broad-shouldered, dark-haired guy, ordering for everyone. He handed her back the menu and our eyes met.
Embarrassed, I looked away quickly and stared outside at the parking lot, watching for Duncan. 
Before I could blink, someone slid into my booth and I was suddenly facing the stranger whose eyes I’d just met.
“Um, hi,” I said, sitting up straighter.
“Um, hi, yourself,” he said with a slow, lazy grin. 
Oh wow…
“I’m Nikki,” I replied, feeling myself blush at the intense way he was staring at me. I knew it had to be Amy’s ex-boyfriend, and he was undoubtedly gorgeous. He had thick, dark eyebrows with icy blue eyes; his face was perfectly sculpted with high cheekbones and a strong chin. His lips… they were sensual and even fuller than mine.
“You’re new in town?”
“Yes,” I replied, now studying his face more closely. He was definitely a little pale, which reminded me of the fact that Amy had accused him of being vampire. As I stared at him, I reasoned that most girls my age would have swooned at such a good-looking guy, but after everything that had happened the last few nights, I felt a cold shiver run down my spine. 
“Welcome to Shore Lake,” he replied, looking into my eyes again.
“Thanks.”
It was weird, but we sat there and stared at each other for a while without talking. Soon, I started feeling a heat somewhere inside of my belly that turned into an overwhelming ache of desire, further south.  
“I, ah…” My heart was pounding in my chest and I felt a strong urge to touch him. It was almost overwhelming.
“Nikki,” interrupted Duncan, standing next to our table. “Are you ready to go?”
I looked at Duncan and the spell, or whatever it was, was broken. “Yeah,” I said. “I’m ready.”
“Goodbye, Nikki,” said Ethan, with a small grin. “I’m sure we’ll meet again.”
“Goodbye,” I murmured, looking away. I was confused at the intense rush of desire I’d had for Ethan. He was a total stranger. How did that even happen?
“Who was that?” asked Duncan as he followed me out to his truck.
I don’t know how I knew, but there was no doubt in my mind that Ethan was still staring at me through the window. I shivered and wrapped my arms around myself. “You might think I’m crazy, but I’m pretty sure he was a vampire.”
 

Chapter Fourteen

“Excuse me?” he asked, unlocking the truck.
We both slid inside and I looked at him. “Amy was convinced he was a vampire, and there’s something about him that’s totally… unnerving.”
He shook his head and smiled as he started up the truck. “Okay, your imagination is really getting the best of you. It’s bad enough that there might be a ghost haunting your cabin, but a vampire in the local diner?”
I nodded. “I feel the same way, but there was something so strange about him. He made me feel…”
He raised his eyebrows. “He made you feel what?”
I swallowed hard. “Um, weird.”
I wasn’t about to tell Duncan that at one moment, I wanted to jump Ethan’s bones and probably would have, if we’d been alone. It didn’t even make sense to me.
Duncan looked back towards the diner. “If he gives you any problems, let me know.”
I smiled. “Sure.”
We pulled out of the parking lot in silence as I thought about the strange encounter. Duncan glanced at me a couple of times, and I could tell there was something on his mind, as well.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him.
He pulled over to the side of the road.
“What is it, Duncan?”
He tapped the steering wheel a couple of times and then looked at me. There was a funny smile on his face. “When I approached you with Ethan, you almost looked like you were ready to tear his clothes off or something. I don’t know; it just made me feel a little… jealous.”
I’m not even sure how it happened, but the next thing I knew, I was straddling him in the front seat and our mouths were crushed against each other. 
“Nikki,” he groaned against my lips.
My heart was pounding madly in my chest and I rocked against him, causing him to suck in his breath. He pulled away and looked into my eyes.
“I don’t think…” he whispered.
“Don’t think,” I said breathlessly, pulling him back towards my lips. There was an intense hunger inside of me, one that I’d never felt before. I wanted to tear off both of our clothing, just so I could feel our skin moving against each other.
His mouth was hot, and soon he was kissing my neck while his hands moved under my shirt. As he was about to slide his fingers under my bra, my cell phone rang, startling us both. He quickly removed his hands and I got off of his lap. 
My face was burning with embarrassment as I fumbled for my phone. “Yeah?”  I said into it, unable to look at Duncan.
“Hello to you, too,” mumbled Nathan.
I cleared my throat. “Sorry.”
“You guys almost home, yet?”
I nervously bit off a hangnail. “Almost.”
“Okay, I ordered a pizza and it’s already here, so hurry the hell up.”
I hung up and stole a glance at Duncan. 
“I’m sorry,” he said, although his eyes were still smoldering. “I don’t know what came over me.”
I smiled sheepishly. “I, um… it was me.  I practically raped you. I’ve never done that before, to anyone. I’m sorry.”
“At least I know you like me.”
I burst out laughing. “Do you think?”
“I’m sure you could probably tell that I liked you, too,” he said, grinning.
My cheeks grew hot and I changed the subject. “So, I hope you’re hungry. Nathan has a pizza waiting for us.”
“Oh, I’m starving, alright,” he said under his breath.
I looked at him and sighed. “Duncan, I…”
He stared at me for a minute. “It’s okay,” he said. “I’m not in a rush for anything.”
I smiled. “Thank you. I really do like you, you know. I’m just…”
He held up his hand. “Hey, it’s okay.”
It wasn’t okay. I really liked Duncan but I’d never attacked anyone before in my life like that. It was almost like the burning desire I’d felt towards Ethan had carried over towards Duncan. I was beginning to wonder if Ethan really was a vampire and had given off some kind of weird pheromone. 
We rode in silence the rest of the way to the cabin. Nathan was sitting on the porch, holding a BB gun, when we arrived.
“We come in peace,” teased Duncan, raising his hands in the air.
Nathan grinned. “Sorry. I was beginning to freak myself out, so I grabbed my old BB gun. I thought I heard some noises in the woods. But then, I actually found a couple of raccoons prowling around.”
“Is the video camera still set up?” asked Duncan.
“Yeah. I think we should hang out on Nikki’s balcony and watch from above. See if we can see anyone sneaking around,” said Nathan. “Just in case it isn’t a ghost, but some jackass trying to screw with us.”
“Good idea,” replied Duncan. 
We went inside, grabbed the box of pizza and some plates, and then headed up to my bedroom. On the balcony, Nathan had set up three chairs and a bistro table. We sat down and started eating.
“How was work?” asked Nathan.
“Busy. I met this girl named Susan who was friends with Amy.”
“Is she cute?” asked Nathan.
“God, is that all you think about?” I asked.
“Is there anything else, Dunc?”
Duncan smiled but didn’t say anything.
“Anyway, Susan was telling me that Amy believed her ex-boyfriend, Ethan, was a vampire.”
Nathan snorted. “Yeah, I’d say Amy was a little messed up.”
“I don’t know,” I said, staring at my pizza.
His eyes narrowed. “What do you mean, you don’t know?”
I swallowed. “I met Ethan tonight and there was something really strange about him.”
“He was dating Amy at one point, that tells you enough right there,” said Nathan.
“No, he came over and sat by me at the restaurant. When he looked into my eyes, I almost felt like… I was under some kind of spell.”
“How do you mean?” asked Nathan.
“I can’t explain it,” I said, looking sideways at Duncan. There was no way I was going to explain my desire to jump Ethan’s bones, especially after what had happened between us, in the truck.
Nathan sat back and groaned. “There is no such thing as vampires, period. Quit letting Abigail’s and Amy’s crazy notions play with your mind. I mean, come on, Nikki, you know better than that!”
I shrank down in my seat. “I know. It’s just…I can’t explain it.”
Nathan looked at Duncan. “What do you think about all of this?”
Duncan shrugged. “I don’t know. I think something strange is going on and I’m not ruling anything out.”
Nathan snorted. “Even vampires?”
“Maybe this Ethan guy believes he’s a vampire and knows how to manipulate other people into believing it, too.”
“That sounds more reasonable to me. Maybe he knows how to actually hypnotize people. That would explain how Nikki believed she was under some kind of spell.”
“Maybe,” I answered.
We sat in silence, as we finished the pizza and stared towards the woods. It was pretty silent except for the leaves rustling in the wind.
“Anyone want something to drink?” asked Nathan, standing up.
“I’ll take some water,” I said.
“Me, too,” answered Duncan.
When Nathan left us alone, I stole a glance towards Duncan, who I found was staring at me.
“What?” I asked.
He smiled. “I was just thinking how beautiful you looked in the moonlight. I know that sounds like a line, but it’s true.”
I returned his smile. “Thanks, Duncan.”
He clasped his fingers and rested his chin on them. “Did you leave a broken heart back in California?”
I snorted. “No. In fact, I guess you could say I haven’t had many boyfriends.”
“I find that hard to believe. The guys there must be blind and stupid.”
I blushed. “It’s not like I didn’t get asked out. I just wasn’t interested, I guess.”
“So, would you be interested now?”
I nodded.
He smiled.
“Duncan,” said Nathan, as he stepped onto the balcony. “I almost forgot, could you take a look at my Mustang? I think it’s the battery I’m having problems with, but I want to make sure.”
“Do you have a battery tester?” he asked.
“Actually, there might be one in the garage, I never even looked.”
Duncan got up. “Let’s go and check it out.”
Nathan nodded. “Thanks. Nikki, you can keep watch from up here and let us know if you see anything. I brought you the BB gun,” he said, handing it to me. “You still know how to use it?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay. Holler if you see anything,” he said.
They left me and I gripped the gun firmly in my hands, feeling uneasy because I was now alone and they were going to be in the garage.
Nathan’s laughter echoed through the darkness. I watched as the guys stepped away from the cabin and headed over to the garage.
“Nothing to be afraid of,” I murmured to myself, staring towards the dark woods. 
An owl hooted and I was reminded of some of the scary movies I’d watched with Nathan. An owl hoots and then something sinister usually happens in the next scene. I knew it was just cinema, but I felt a chill in my veins just the same.
My eyes darted quickly from one side of the yard to the other, and my breath caught in my throat as I saw a shadow move across the grass. I looked up into the sky, but saw nothing out of the ordinary.
“Nikki,” whispered a deep masculine voice behind me.
I turned around, but found myself alone. I stood up and backed away from the table, frightened beyond belief. Hot breath brushed against the back of my neck and I whirled around again, this time seeing a blurry haze of movement.
“Oh, my God… Nathan!” I screamed, running into my bedroom. I ran downstairs and threw the front door open. “Nathan!” I yelled, again.
Nathan and Duncan rushed out of the garage towards me.
“What’s wrong?” called Nathan.
“Someone… was… on the balcony,” I gasped, out of breath. 
He looked behind me. “Who?”   
I shook my head. “I don’t know. I heard my name and then I felt someone breathing against the back of my neck.”
“Someone’s in the cabin?” Nathan swore, and then rushed past me and towards the house.
Duncan could tell I was pretty shook up and put his arms around me. He stared down into my eyes. “Are you okay?”
I nodded and leaned into him, closing my eyes.
Suddenly, he was ripped from my arms and thrown backwards.
“Duncan!” I screamed as he landed on the ground. 
“I’m fine,” he answered with an incredulous look on his face. He got up and began walking back towards me.
There was a flash of movement and he went flying through the air again, much farther this time. As I rushed towards him, I felt something pick me up, and then we were moving like the wind.
“Help!” I screamed in terror. We were going so fast that my head was spinning. The next thing I knew I was lying on the ground and a pair of steely blue eyes held mine. 
“We meet again,” whispered Ethan, trailing a cool finger down my cheek. 
I was paralyzed as his eyes burned into mine. A familiar yearning spread through my veins and suddenly I wanted him fiercely.
“Sweet Nikki,” he whispered with a small smile. He then licked his lips and lowered them to mine. Suddenly, we were kissing and I felt an urgent need to wrap my legs around him; to surrender myself to whatever he demanded.
“Oh,” I breathed when he removed his mouth and began a hot trail down my neck with his tongue. My entire body was trembling with desire. “Oh, God.”
He chuckled softly against my skin. “Not quite.”  
Someone shouted my name, startling me back to my senses and I tensed up. 
Duncan!
Ethan raised his head and I could see the rage burning in his eyes. “Fuck,” he growled.
Duncan crashed through the bushes right as Ethan took off and I was left staring up at the stars in confusion.
“Are you okay?” asked Duncan, now at my side, looking down at me. 
“I think so,” I replied, as he helped me up. 
“What in the hell just happened!” hollered Nathan, stumbling through the woods, out of breath.
My lips began to tremble. “I really don’t know.”

 
Chapter Fifteen



Nathan and Duncan were full of questions as we walked back to the house. I was still in a state of confusion and had a difficult time answering them.
“Who was it?” asked Duncan.
“Where’d they go?” asked Nathan.
I shook my head. “I…I just can’t remember.”
It wasn’t exactly true, but my thoughts were so muddled because of my overwhelming attraction towards Ethan. Part of me understood that it wasn’t natural; it was some power he was using to control me. Another part of me didn’t care; I just wanted him to have his way with me, whatever it was.
Nathan scratched his head. “Did you see who it was, Duncan?”
He shook his head. “I was thrown backwards and then she was gone in a flash. It was crazy.”
Nathan scowled. “I don’t even know how to call this one in to nine-one-one. Attempted kidnapping by the invisible man?”
I cleared my throat. “Um, don’t worry about it, Nathan. I’m fine.”
“No, we have to call the police. You could have been murdered or raped.”
It certainly wouldn’t have been rape, I thought. Although, if he was using mind control to make me desire him so much, then it was as bad as a date rape drug. 
“I didn’t see anything. I don’t even know who it was,” I protested. “The cops are going to think we’re all crazy.”
Nathan stared at me for a minute. “Okay, I’d better ask – was it human?”
“To be honest, I don’t know,” I muttered.
Duncan grabbed my hand. “I’m calling my dad to let him know I’m staying over tonight. I’m not letting you out of my sight again.”
Nathan looked at both of us. “Wait a second, did I miss something?” 
I could feel my cheeks turn pink. 
“I guess you could say that I’m kind of falling for your sister,” said Duncan with a sheepish grin. “I hope you’re okay with it.”
Nathan smiled. “I’m fine with it. Now I won’t be the only guy who has to suffer her P.M.S.”
I slugged him in the shoulder. “Very funny, booger.”
“See,” he said, moving away from my fist, which was cocked again.
“Heads-up, your mom’s home,” said Duncan.
She was just getting out of the sheriff’s car and he was helping her up the stairs.
“Sheriff, what’s wrong with her?” asked Nathan.
Caleb smiled. “She enjoyed one too many glasses of wine again. I brought her home so she could sleep.”
Mom gave us a lopsided grin. “Hi, my babies…”
I groaned.
She was totally hammered and stumbled towards me. “Nikki, I love you.”
Nathan and I put our arms around her and held her up. “Wow, mom,” I grunted, trying to hold her up. “I think it’s time you start laying off the vino.”
Her smile fell. “I didn’t have anything to drink.”
“Sure you did,” interrupted the sheriff. “Don’t you remember the Cabernet you picked out yourself from the wine cellar? We had it with dinner.”
Mom looked confused but then when her eyes met Caleb’s, she smiled wickedly and licked her lips. “All, I remember is dessert.”
“Okay, T.M.I.,” I replied as Nathan and I swung her away from Caleb and into the house. The idea of her and Caleb getting it on was enough to make me want to be celibate for life.
“I’ll call you tomorrow night!” called Caleb from the porch.
“Nikki, can you take care of mom? I’m going to talk to the sheriff,” said Nathan.
I nodded and then proceeded to help her upstairs, which wasn’t an easy task. When we finally made it to her bedroom, she passed out the moment her head hit the pillow. I removed her shoes and covered her up with a sheet as she began to snore.
“Nikki, the sheriff wants to talk to you,” said Duncan, as I closed mom’s bedroom door.
I nodded and took his hand while he led me back downstairs. Both Nathan and Caleb were sitting on the couch.
“So, I heard there was a little excitement here earlier?” asked Caleb. 
I sighed. “I guess you could say that. It was really… bizarre.”
He nodded and took out a notepad. “Could you tell me in your words what happened?”
I gave him my version but left off the part of knowing who the person was that carried me off.
Caleb’s eyes narrowed. “So, you didn’t get a good look at the person at all? Didn’t notice what he was wearing or what he even smelled like?”
Come to think of it, Ethan had smelled like butterscotch.  
I rubbed my arm. “To tell you the truth, I was so scared that I didn’t notice much of anything. I do know that he was as fast as the wind.”
Duncan nodded. “He was quick. He shoved me to the ground, twice, and I didn’t see him either; just a blur of movement.”
Sheriff Caleb put away the notes he was taking and smiled wryly. “You realize how this sounds, don’t you?”
Nathan nodded. “Crazy, I know.”
“I know, show him the video,” said Duncan.
“Oh, yeah,” replied Nathan, grabbing the tape from the fireplace mantel. “We taped this yesterday after someone destroyed all the video surveillance equipment. They apparently missed this one.”
We all watched the video in silence, and when it was over, Caleb let out a long sigh.
Nathan folded his arms across his chest. “Even crazier, huh?”  
He nodded. “I don’t really know what to say about it, actually. It doesn’t really make a lot of sense.”
I cleared my throat. “What should we do?” 
Caleb ran a hand over his face. “Let me take this tape and I’ll show some friends who specialize in paranormal research.”
Nathan’s jaw dropped. “So you think it might be a poltergeist, too?”
He shrugged. “Even I have to admit; it’s some kind of strange phenomenon. I just have no experience with this type of thing.”
“Okay, yeah take it. Let us know what you find out,” said Nathan, giving him the tape.
Caleb stood up and started walking towards the door.
“What about Nikki?” asked Duncan. “How are we supposed to protect her against whatever this thing is?”
Caleb turned back and looked at us. “Don’t go anywhere alone, keep your doors locked, and don’t invite any strangers in.”

Chapter Sixteen

Nathan and Duncan slept on my bedroom floor that night, just in case the “specter” came back to harass me. When I woke up, it was just after nine the next morning and I was alone. I went down to the kitchen. 
“Where’s Duncan?” I asked. 
As usual, Nathan was stuffing his face with food. “He had to work. He’s going to pick you up after your shift again tonight. I’ll get mom’s keys and drop you off at four.”
“Did you guys ever figure out what’s wrong with the Mustang?”
He nodded. “It’s the battery. I’m picking up a new one today.”
I yawned. “Where’s mom? Still sleeping?”
He nodded. “Yeah, she’s been doing a lot of that lately. I think she should quit drinking, she just can’t handle it.”
“I agree.”
Plus, she was our mom and really not making a good impression by getting so hammered.
Two hours later, mom was still sleeping so I decided to check up on her.
“Mom?” I called, knocking softly on her door.
“Yeah,” she mumbled. “Come in.”
She had the blinds pulled shut so I turned on the light.
“You, okay?” I asked her.
She smiled, lazily. “Yeah, just tired.”
I sat down next to her on the bed. “You know, you really need to cool it on the wine, mom. The sheriff is going to think you’re some kind of lush. You never usually drink like this.”
“I didn’t drink anything last night. At least, I don’t remember,” she said with a confused look.
“Oh, come on… mom, you were trashed. I had to help you to bed last night. You had to have been drinking.”
She rubbed a hand over her forehead. “I don’t even remember.”
I sighed and changed the subject. “So, did his daughter make dinner for you?” 
 “I… think so.”
My eyes widened. “You don’t sound so sure.”
She rubbed her forehead. “To tell you the truth, last night was a bit of a blur.”
“I know the feeling,” I said, staring towards her bedroom window. Last night almost felt like a dream. I couldn’t explain my reaction to Ethan or the way he’d whisked me through the darkness the way he did. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense.
“What?” she asked.
I turned back to her and smiled. “Nothing.”
She stood up. “I’ve got so much to do today. I start work on Monday and have more errands than I have hours to complete them.”
“Ahem, thanks for asking… my first day went pretty good, by the way.”
“I’m sorry, honey,” she replied, grabbing a robe from the closet. “I totally forgot. So, your first day at the diner went pretty smooth?”
 “Yeah. I’m working again tonight. In fact, Nathan has to use your car to drop me off at the diner around four. His Mustang needs a new battery.”
She groaned and then nodded reluctantly. “Okay. I’ll just have to take care of some things tomorrow, I guess.”
I motioned towards her neck. “So, how’s your skin?” I asked. 
She touched it and winced. “Still tender.”
I got off the bed and walked over to her. “Did you put anything on it?”
“No. I probably should. How does it look?”
I examined her skin and frowned. It looked much worse. “You should really see a doctor.”
She waved her hand and shook her head. “No, you know me. I’m just allergic to mosquito bites. It usually takes a while for them to heal.”
“At least put something on it, so it doesn’t get infected.”
“Fine, Nurse Nikki,” she said with a wry smile. 
I walked over to the window and opened the blinds. “It’s a beautiful day, mom, you could use some vitamin D on that lily-white skin of yours.”
“Oh, hey… close the blinds,” she gasped holding her hand up to shield her face. “The sun hurts my eyes!”
I quickly closed them. “Wow, you seriously need to lay off the alcohol, mom. Hangovers are a bitch.”
She grabbed her sunglasses from the nightstand and put them on. “Actually, I think I have an eye infection or something,” she said. “They’ve been bothering me the last couple of days.”
“Maybe you’re allergic to Caleb. Ever since you’ve been seeing him, you’ve been acting weird.”
She smiled. “It’s definitely not him. He is such a wonderful man. I’m so happy we met. It’s only been a few hours since we we’ve been together, but… I have to admit, I miss him already.”
It sounded like she really was falling pretty hard for the sheriff. “So, when’s the wedding?” I asked.
‘Oh, God, it’s too early for that but I’ll be honest, every time he looks at me,” she sighed and her eyes looked wistful, “I just want to jump his bones.”
I shuddered. “Okay, that’s something I didn’t need to hear. That’s just twisted, mom.”
She laughed. “Oh, just you wait, my dear. You’ll meet someone who makes your toes curl and then you’ll know exactly what I’m talking about.”
I’d already met two guys who made my toes curl but I wasn’t about to tell her that. “Whatever,” I said.
She walked over to me and touched my cheek. “What about Duncan? Any sparks?” 
My cheeks grew pink. “Well… I don’t know. I mean, we’re just friends, you know?”
She smiled, knowingly. “Friends, huh? Just make sure you use protection if he gets too friendly.”
My jaw dropped. “Mom!”
“You are still a virgin, right?”
I couldn’t believe we were actually having this conversation.
“Oh, my God, yes!” I replied, staring at her in horror.
“Although, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Just be safe.”
“Enough! I’m still a virgin and I plan on staying one for a while.”
Her eyes softened. “That’s what a mother wants to hear. But when things get confusing or too much, you can always come to me with any questions.”
“I’m going to take a shower,” I said. “I feel dirty after talking about it with you.”
She laughed. “You’re such a smartass.”
I left her and went back to my room. Instead of taking a shower, however, I lay down on my bed and thought about everything that had happened the night before. It now seemed so unbelievable, that I wondered if it had been just a dream. 
I closed my eyes and fell asleep.

~~~

“Nikki, come to me,” whispered the smooth, masculine voice in my ear.
I opened my eyes to find that I was in a forest wearing a billowy, white nightgown. I stood up and began walking in my bare feet. As I looked down, I noticed sharp pieces of broken glass cutting into my skin, which was now bleeding.
“Hurry,” prodded the voice. It was strong and demanding; it pushed me forward, one foot after another.
“Nikki!” yelled Duncan.
“Duncan?” I whispered, turning around.
“Wait, Nikki!” he cried, running towards me. I watched in amazement as he kept moving without making any progress.
There was a rush of movement and my heart began to race; I knew who it was. He’d come back for me. “Ethan?” 
Someone grabbed my shoulders and started digging their sharp nails into my skin. I was shoved roughly to the ground and the shadow jumped on top of me. “Amy?” I whispered in horror.
Amy’s eyes were filled with hate. “He’s mine,” she growled, her slit wrists bleeding onto my white dress. She opened her mouth and her pointy fangs closed in on my neck.  

I opened my eyes and let out a shaky breath. Just a dream.
Someone rapped on my door. 
“Hey, twerp!”
“Yeah, come in,” I mumbled, sitting up.
“Get ready,” said Nathan. “I have to drop you off early at the diner. Mom needs the car as soon as I get back from purchasing a battery.”
I looked at my alarm clock. It was already after two o’clock. “Okay,” I said.
His eyes narrowed. “Are you doing okay?” 
“Just a little tired.”
He pointed at me. “Don’t leave the diner after dark unless Duncan is with you.”
“Yeah, okay.”
He stared at me for a minute and then nodded. “Then, I’ll be outside waiting for you. You have a half hour to get ready.”
“Okay, I’ll hurry.”
I took a quick shower, put my uniform on, and spent a little extra time with my makeup. Then I pinned my damp hair up and stared into the mirror. I had to admit, I was definitely beginning to look more like my mother every day. I decided it was a good thing and smiled.
Nathan laid on the horn outside and I rushed out to meet him in mom’s car.
“Makeup, huh? Trying to get more tips?” smiled Nathan.
I shrugged. “I could certainly use the money.”
“I hear you. So, what do you think about last night? Pretty crazy, huh?”
“It was freaky, that’s for sure. I still don’t know what happened, exactly.”
“I’m starting to think we really do have ghosts lurking around the cabin. That could be the real reason why mom’s renting it so cheap.”
“Makes sense.”
We drove the rest of the way in silence and he dropped me off in front of the diner, warning me to stay put when my shift was over.
“You worry too much,” I said. “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll wait for Duncan.”
“Here’s Duncan’s cell phone number,” he said, handing me a slip of paper. “If there’s a problem, call me or him.”
“Okay, thanks.”
When he finally drove off, I went into the diner and ran into Rosie in the back room.
“How’s it going, Nikki?” 
I smiled. “Pretty good. We were really swamped yesterday so Susan didn’t get a chance to show me too much.”
 “Yeah, I heard. Since you’re early, I’ll go over some things with you, myself.”
“Thanks.”
Rosie went over the menus and showed me how to write up meal tickets. Then she gave me some pointers on how to juggle multiple tables and get them in and out as quickly as possible. When we were done, my head was spinning, but I felt like I was starting to get a little handle on things.
“Don’t worry. It’s going to take a while, but you’ll get used to it. And, honey, don’t be afraid to tell the customers you’re new. They’ll have more patience and might even tip you better.”
“Oh, I’m all for that. Thanks.”
“You’ll do just fine here,” she said, patting me on the shoulder. “Just do your best, and eventually things will fall together.”
“Thanks, Rosie.”
When Susan showed up, I shadowed her for half the day, and then I was given a couple of my own tables. 
“You’re doing great,” said Rosie, after I served a large platter of food to one of my tables. “Keep it up.”
“Thanks.” 
The time flew by quickly and by the time my shift was over, I’d made almost thirty dollars in tips. I was so giddy that I texted Nathan, who was happy for me. 
“Listen, is there any way you can work a little later tonight?” asked Rosie, as I was about to punch out. “We could really use you until eleven o’clock. Darlene called in sick and I need all the help I can get. Since it’s Friday night, we’re going to get slammed soon.”
“Okay. Let me call my ride and let him know. I’m sure it will be fine.”
I grabbed my phone and called Duncan. 
“Okay,” he said, after I explained why they needed my help. “I’ll be there promptly at eleven, though I’ll expect a tip.”
I giggled. “I think I can manage that.”
We had a rush of customers around nine o’clock, and I was running ragged, trying to keep my orders right and not piss anyone off. By the time it was ten-thirty, I heaved a sigh of relief; the diner was finally clearing out.
“We usually get another big rush after the bars close,” said Susan. “Just be thankful you’re not working those customers. When they’re not trying to pick you up, they’re puking in the corner. It’s really disgusting.”
I grimaced. “I bet.”
“Funny thing is, they usually tip better,” she said, “because they’re drunk and feeling extra generous. But, to me, it isn’t really worth it.”
Thinking about my mom last night and practically having to babysit her, I agreed. I then took out my tips and started counting it when Susan swore.
“What?” I said, looking up. 
It was Ethan, followed by his clan. His eyes met mine and he smiled.
“Hey,” whispered Susan, noticing the exchange. “Do you know him?”
“Um, not really,” I said.
“Looks like they’re in your section tonight, Nikki,” said Rosie, “they usually only order coffee, though, so it should be a piece of cake.”
I took a deep breath and walked up to their table.
“Hello,” I said, handing out menus. “Can I start anyone out with something to drink?”
Ethan put his elbows on the table, clasped his fingers, and rested his chin on there. “Coffee for all of us, please, Nikki.”
Remembering the effect he had on me, I averted my eyes. “And will you want food, or should I take away the menus?”
“Well,” chuckled Ethan. “What I want probably isn’t on the menu.”
Oh, my God.
Our eyes met and I swear I could feel a charge of static electricity between us. It was eerie.
“You look beautiful tonight. As usual,” he said softly.
The carnal promises he held in his smoldering eyes were raw and made my heart race. I took a step backwards, trying to catch my breath.
“Everything okay here?” interrupted Rosie, coming towards us.
Ethan looked away and I grabbed the back of an empty chair to steady myself.
“Yeah, Rosie,” smiled Ethan. “Just being friendly with the new waitress.”
She smiled. “Now don’t be giving young Nikki here a hard time. It’s only her second day.”
For some reason, Rosie wasn’t affected by Ethan’s magnetic stare.
“Oh, don’t worry about Nikki, Rosie. She’s in good hands with me.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” she chuckled. “So, Nikki, why don’t you go pour some coffee for these boys.”
I cleared my throat. “Okay,” 
I grabbed six coffee cups and glanced towards Ethan’s minions. I watched, curiously, as Rosie continued talking to Ethan while the rest of the guys seemed content just listening to the exchange, never actually joining in on the conversation. All were tall, pale, and rivaled any of the male models I’d seen in magazines. None of them compared to Ethan, however. His animal magnetism was enough to make me forget everything else.
“It’s getting late,” said Rosie, coming up to the counter. “Why don’t you let me finish waiting on these guys and you can take off?”
I nodded, not quite trusting myself to talk.
Without another glance towards Ethan, I hurried to the break room, removed my apron, and grabbed my purse. When I turned around, I was staring into Ethan’s eyes.
“Oh,” I gasped.
“Leaving so soon?” he asked me, stepping closer. I moved backwards until my back hit the wall.
“I really have to go,” I squeaked.
He touched my face and his eyes searched mine. “I’ve been searching for so long. I can’t believe that I’ve finally found you.”
My eyes widened. “Excuse me? I don’t understand what you mean.”
“You will.” He closed his eyes and inhaled. “You smell so sweet.”
I was so confused; my head was spinning and my stomach whirled. “I… what’s happening?”
Ethan opened his eyes again and smiled. “You’ll understand… in time.”
Suddenly his mouth was on mine again, and as before, I couldn’t resist his kisses. Our lips moved hungrily together and I moaned in pleasure, wanting him closer. I ran my hands up his back and into his hair, pulling his mouth harder against mine. But then he stopped abruptly and pulled away.
“I… I have to go and take care of something,” he said thickly.
“Your eyes…” I whispered. They were still blue but glowed brightly with something that reminded me of fire.
He backed away from me, breathing heavily. “Leave your balcony door open tonight.”
Then in a flash he was gone and I was left feeling frustrated.

 
Chapter Seventeen


“Nikki,” said Rosie, stepping into the break room. “Someone named Duncan is waiting for you in the diner.”
“Thanks.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You okay? You look kind of flushed.”
“I’m fine,” I replied, not able to meet her eyes. 
“Go home and get a good night’s sleep,” she said. “Working here can take a lot out of you.”
“I will. Thanks.”
I followed her back out and expected to see Ethan and his friends, but they were all gone.
“Hi,” said Duncan.
He was dressed in a light blue polo shirt that complimented his silvery-gray eyes and low-riding jeans that showed off his tight abs. Because I was still feeling the pheromones from whatever Ethan produced, I had an incredible urge to jump his bones.
“Ready?” I asked, grabbing his hand.
He chuckled as I pulled him out of the diner. “What’s wrong? Had enough of this place already?”
I released a heavy sigh and nodded. “It was a long day.”
We both hopped in to his truck and he turned on the music. He caught me staring at him and smiled.
“You look nice,” he said, grabbing my hand.
His smile was much more boyish than Ethan’s and the tenderness in his eyes was so sweet. Part of me was already falling hard for Duncan, while another part of me screamed out for Ethan. It was frustrating and I decided to try and drive away my lustful thoughts of Ethan, so I told him to pull over to the side of the road.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
I scooted closer to him and pressed my lips against his. Soon we were kissing and my hands were all over him. When I pulled myself onto his lap and looked into his eyes, he let out a shaky sigh. “Nikki,” he groaned, and then his mouth captured mine.  
I ground my hips into his and he moaned with pleasure as I rocked against him. He unbuttoned the top of my uniform and raised my bra, kissing my breasts. Nobody had ever done that before and the sensation made me quiver down below.
“Shit,” he groaned as a squad car pulled up behind us and we were surrounded by bright flashing lights.
I jumped off of him and buttoned my uniform while Duncan tried to compose himself. “Man,” he said, looking at me again. “That was intense.”
There was a tap on the window and we both smiled sheepishly at Sheriff Caleb, who was frowning.
“What’s going on?” he asked. 
Duncan’s face looked so guilty it was comical. “Um, we were just talking.”
He smirked. “You certainly fogged up the windows pretty good with all that talking you must have been doing. Next time, open one up.”
We both smiled. 
“Listen,” said Caleb. “I’m not stupid, so I know your raging hormones probably got the better of you. Next time you feel like making out, though, don’t do it on the side of the road. It’s pretty dangerous, especially at night. Now, Duncan, bring Nikki home before her mom gets worried.”
“Okay. Thank you, sir,” answered Duncan.
He looked at me. “Say hello to your mother for me.”
“Okay.” 
He walked back to his squad car, and we drove to the cabin in an awkward silence. Thankfully, Nathan was waiting on the porch for us when we pulled up because I didn’t want to talk about what had just happened. The truth was, I wasn’t exactly sure myself. That promiscuous girl back there? That wasn’t me. I’d made out with two guys in the last two days and had no real explanation for it.  
“Hey, guys,” said Nathan, who was sitting on a gliding bench with a grim smile.  
Duncan cleared his throat. “What’s up, Nathan?” 
“Read this,” he said, holding out a newspaper.
I grabbed it from him and we both started reading the article he’d circled. There were several pictures of girls who were either missing or dead under the headline: ‘Serial Killer Targeting Similar Victims?’
“They’ve included a picture of the girl who was found in the lake, as well as Amy,” said Nathan, pointing. “See the resemblance there of the two girls?”
“Why is Amy included in this? She killed herself,” I said.
Nathan’s eyes narrowed. “Or maybe it was only made to look like she did. The most disturbing thing about this article is the photos of the girls.”
“They look very similar,” said Duncan. Then he turned to me and tensed up. “In fact, they look similar to Nikki, too.”
My brother nodded. “Their hair is different but, if you look closely at the facial features of those girls, there is a definite resemblance to Nikki’s. What really concerns me, are the strange things that have been happening to her. What if it’s somehow related?”
“Seriously, I doubt it has anything to do with what’s happened to all of those girls,” I said.
“Still, we’d better keep a close eye on you,” replied Nathan. 
“Fine,” I said, yawning. “Listen, I hate to be a party pooper, but I’m exhausted from being on my feet for the last several hours. I’m going to take a bath and then sleep for days, if mom will let me.”
“Do you need any help getting that bath ready?” asked Duncan, smiling.
“Dude, that’s my sister you’re talking about. Don’t say that stuff loud enough for my ears to pick up,” said Nathan, looking horrified.
Duncan laughed. 
“So, Duncan, are you planning on going to the barbeque tomorrow night?” I asked.
“Only if you’re going,” he said, leaning up against the cabin.
I smiled up at him. “Definitely. “
“How about if Nikki and I just meet you there?” interrupted Nathan. “I’ll call you tomorrow afternoon.”
“Sounds good,” he replied.
“Goodnight Dunc,” he said, opening the cabin door. “I’ll give you guys some privacy, in case you want to suck face or something.”
“Funny,” I mumbled.
“Night,” replied Duncan. As soon as Nathan was gone, he stepped closer and stared down into my eyes. “Well, goodnight.”
“Goodnight.
He gave me one of his dimpled smiles and then leaned forward, kissing me tenderly on the lips. This time the kiss was short and sweet.
“Maybe tomorrow I won’t smell like a diner,” I said softly as he stepped back.
“Believe me,” he replied, licking his lips. “I didn’t mind one bit.”
I cleared my throat. “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then?”
He reached into his pocket, pulled out his keys, and began twirling them around his finger. “Definitely. Can’t wait.”  
“Me, too.
He motioned towards the door. “I’m not leaving until you’re safely inside of the house.”
His concern made me tingle. “Okay. Night.”
“Goodnight.”
I went inside the cabin and locked the door. When I turned around, Nathan stepped out of the kitchen with a bowl of popcorn. 
“Where’s mom?”  
“Where else? Sleeping,” he said, sitting down on the couch.
“Okay, I’m beat, too. I’ll see you in the morning.”
He nodded and flipped on the television.
I checked on mom and found her sprawled out on the bed, snoring softly. I closed the door and went into my room to get ready for my bath. I took out my hair down and set my cellphone on the charger, my head still spinning from everything that happened tonight. The fact that I’d made out with two guys in less than an hour was almost comical for someone like me; I still wasn’t sure what to make of it. In California, I’d shied away from the opposite sex; here, I was totally acting like a slut.
Maybe it’s the fresh air? I mused.
With a yawn, I walked into the bathroom and started the water. My cell phone began to ring and I rushed back into the bedroom to answer it. When I saw who it was, I sat down on the edge of my bed and smiled.
“I just wanted to say goodnight, again,” said Duncan, a smile in his voice. “I… um, miss you already.”
I laughed. “You’ll be seeing me soon enough.”
“Believe me, it won’t be.”
My heart melted. He was the sweetest guy and I told him so. 
“You must bring it out in me,” he replied. “Because, normally, I’m not like this.”
“Really? That’s hard to believe because you’re a natural. I can just tell.”
“Maybe, but I still think it’s you.” He sighed. “Look, this isn’t easy for me, so I’m just going say it. I… I think I’m falling in love with you. Actually,” he paused. “I know I am.”
“You hardly know me,” I said softly, although his words made me giddy. I’d never heard anyone says those words to me and it gave me tingles of pleasure.
“I know. Kind of weird, huh?” 
I lay back on the bed and stared at the ceiling, a wide grin on my face. “No. I, um… actually, I think I’m falling for you, too.” 
“Really?”
He was sweet and made my stomach flutter. I’d never been in love before, but I knew one thing, I felt something special for him. I wasn’t sure if it was love, but it sure felt good.
 “Yeah, really.”
“Okay, I just wanted you to know that I can’t stop thinking about you, and it’s driving me crazy.”
“Was that before or after I attacked you in the truck?”
He chuckled. “Both.”
I burst out laughing.
“Can I pick you up every night?” he teased. “I figure we’ll be at third base if this keeps up.”
“Oh, my God,” I said. “Just for that, I’m sending you back to first base.”
“I’ll take what I can get. We don’t even have to play the bases; we can just wander the fields.”
I laughed again, and it reminded me of my mother with Caleb. I was as pathetic as she was with men.
“Man, I love your laugh.”
My face hurt now, I was grinning so wide. “Thanks.”
“No problem.”
We sat in silence for a few seconds and then I spoke. “It’s late and I was just about ready to take a bath.”
He sucked in his breath. “I’ll be right over.”
“Duncan! I’m hanging up.”
“Wait, are you naked yet?”
I groaned. “Goodnight, Duncan,”
“Just give me something to fantasize about.”
I looked down at the uniform I was still wearing. “Yeah, I’m totally naked, except for the nail polish on my feet.”
He groaned. “You’re killing me.”
“Night,” I said. “This time… for real.”
“Night,” he murmured back.
He waited for me to hang up and I smiled again as I ended the call. One thing was for certain, Duncan was definitely the guy making my toes curl. No doubt about it.
I put my phone back in the charger, eyeing the balcony, suspiciously. The moon was bright, and normally I would have thought it was cool, but right now it was only ominous. There was no way that I was going to unlock the door, even if Ethan could somehow make it up here.
Ethan. 
I didn’t even know him and the conscious side of me knew that my reaction to the guy made no sense. Sure, I’d basically climbed all over him in our break room and his kisses ignited a raging fire inside of me, but the truth was, he scared the crap out of me, crazy sexy or not.
I checked the lock on the balcony door to make sure it was secure, then went back into the bathroom and got undressed. Seconds later, I had the jet streams going in the tub and my back was getting a much-needed water massage. I closed my eyes and soon began drifting off. 
A strange noise jolted me awake, and I looked towards the window, only to find myself alone.  
Must have been dreaming…
Sighing with relief, I checked the time and noticed I’d been in the tub for a half hour. The water was too chilly to enjoy anymore so I decided to get out. I toweled myself dry, put my robe on, and unplugged the bathtub. I then padded into the bedroom where I stopped dead in my tracks. Ethan was on my balcony, leaning against the railing watching me. He reminded me of a predator studying its kill before striking.
Time seemed to stand still as the realization of what Ethan really was sunk in. Obviously, he’d made it up to my balcony all by himself, and yesterday, we’d soared through the night faster than what was humanly possible. There could only be one explanation now, and it chilled me to the bone.
We stared at each other for what seemed like forever and then he pointed to the door.
Swallowing hard, I stepped over and unlocked it. 
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” he asked softly.
My heart was hammering in my chest and I bit the side of my lip, trying to decide what to do.
“Well?” he asked, smiling devilishly. “I promise I won’t hurt you, Nikki. In fact, I imagine you’ll enjoy my company tremendously.” 
I let out a ragged sigh and nodded.
He stared at my mouth. “I’d like to hear you say it.”
“Come in, Ethan.”
Chapter Eighteen

Ethan stepped into my bedroom and I instinctively took a step backwards.
“Are you afraid of me?” he asked with a sardonic grin.
“I… don’t know,” I whispered, as the hair stood up on the back of my neck. Obviously I was lying. He scared the hell out of me.
He took another step towards me, his eyes probing. “Nikki, seriously, you have nothing to be afraid of.”
“Uh, why me?” I squeaked, surprised that I was able to ask any questions at all when what I really wanted to do was run like hell.
Ethan’s lips curled up. “Why not you?”
“I…” I stared at him as my panic began to change into something else entirely – an achy need to be closer to him; to touch and be touched by him. 
What is wrong with me?
He walked over to my bed and sat down. “Come here.”
I moved towards him and he grabbed both of my hands, kissing them with his soft lips. 
“Why you? Because we belong together,” he murmured.
Earlier his skin had felt cool to the touch. It had been the one thing that had surprised me. Now, his cheeks were warm and he held my hands against them, nuzzling them, lovingly.
“But I don’t even know you,” I said. “How can you say that?”
He shrugged. “You do. You just don’t remember.”
“That doesn’t make sense. I just moved here,” I said.
He looked up into my eyes. “Let’s just say we knew each other in another life.”
My eyes widened. “What… like reincarnation?”
His hands tightened on my wrists and he pulled me onto his lap. “Something like that.”
“Seriously?”
Instead of answering me, he leaned forward and captured my lips with his. I closed my eyes, abandoning all logic and caution. Soon we were kissing with as much heat and passion as earlier, this time without fear of being interrupted. When his fingers opened up my robe and began touching my naked body, I gasped with pleasure.
“Ethan,” I breathed, my heart pounding in my chest.
“You’re mine,” he whispered into my neck, making me shiver. “Forever.”
“Sure,” I whispered back as his tongue slid down to my nipple and began teasing it. “Whatever… you… say.”
His hands caressed my breasts and I closed my eyes as his hot mouth continued to make me quiver. Soon, I was making mewling noises and he was breathing as heavily as I was.
“What?” I whispered when he suddenly pushed me away.
“Come with me,” he said in a ragged voice. “I can’t make love to you here. It’s not safe.”
“No, it’s okay. Nobody will know,” I whispered, surprising myself with my own eagerness to give myself to him. 
He closed his eyes. “You’re a virgin and I’m…”
How did he know? Obviously, not from my actions.
“What? It’s okay.”
“Come with me now, Miranda,” he said, opening his eyes and pulling me to him. “It’s time to leave everything else, behind.”
I pulled away. “Miranda?” 
He blinked. “Nikki, come with me and we can be together forever. I’ll never let you go, again.”
“What? I can’t leave my family,” I said. Sure, he was hot and I wanted to feel him touch and kiss me again, but I wasn’t about to leave my family.
He stared into my eyes, and soon I was willing to go anywhere with him. I just wanted nothing more than to be lost in his arms forever. “Come with me,” he prodded, touching my face, lovingly.
I nodded. “Oh, God. Yes.”
Just then the bedroom door was thrown open and my brother stood in the doorway with a shotgun. “Hands off of her, pal. She’s not going anywhere with you!”
Ethan growled and moved away from me as I struggled to adjust my robe.
“Did you just growl at me? Get the hell out of here, Cujo, before I use this thing!” demanded Nathan. “I’ll fucking do it!”
Ethan took a step towards my brother and I yelled, “Ethan, don’t hurt him! Please!”
Somehow deep down, I knew that Ethan had the power to rip Nathan apart with little effort. Even though both of them were similar in size and stature, you could almost feel the power and strength emanating from him. It was both frightening and exciting at the same time. At least for me.  
Ethan looked at me and for a second, I thought he was going to carry me off into the moonlight. Instead, he let out a frustrated groan, and then in a flash, was gone.
“What in the hell was that?” hollered Nathan as he dashed towards the balcony.
“Um, that was Ethan,” I answered, touching my bruised lips. I couldn’t believe how much I wanted him to return. To finish what he’d started. 
Nathan stormed back into my bedroom and ran a hand through his brown hair. “What were you thinking, Nik? That has to be the thing trying to fuck with us. That certainly wasn’t a normal dude who was trying to feel you up, which, by the way, wasn’t at all fair to Duncan!”
A wave of shame spread through me as Duncan’s face popped into my mind. I did love him, didn’t I?
“Listen,” I said firmly. “He has this power to make me do things… I can’t control myself around him,” I shook my head incredulously. “Nathan, God, I seriously think I’d do anything for him if he asked.”
“What?”
“I know,” I said, my eyes misting over. “I couldn’t help it, either. One moment I was fine and the next, we were making out and I did nothing to stop it.”
His eyes narrowed. “Mind control?”  
I wiped a tear from my eye, my emotions all messed up.  “Yes.”
“So, do you honestly believe he’s a vampire?”
“Yes, Nathan, I do.” My mind was beginning to clear, and now there was little doubt in my mind that he actually was a vampire.
He leaned forward. “Did he suck your blood or anything?”
I touched my neck. “He didn’t bite me. At least… not that I remember.” I ran over to the mirror and checked my neck. “See, it looks normal.” Remembering our mother’s neck, I covered my mouth in horror. “Oh, my God… mom! She has that thing on her neck! Remember?”
We both flew out of the bedroom and began knocking on her door. 
“Come in,” she called.
Her room was dark except for a candle burning slowly on the nightstand.
“Hey,” I said, in a low voice. “Um, sorry to bother you. We were just wondering if we could check those bites on your neck. To make sure they aren’t infected.”
She rolled over and gave us an exasperated sigh. “You woke me up in the middle of the night to check my neck?”
“Sorry,” said Nathan. “Um, we saw this news report about these mosquito bites that get really inflamed if you don’t care for them correctly.”
“Yeah,” I said. “If you don’t clean them good… um, eggs will grow in your neck.”
She sat up and shrieked. “What?! Eggs! Look and see if anything is growing in my neck!”
Nathan bit back a smile as we stepped closer to examine mom’s neck. 
“Fine, I’m convinced,” he whispered, looking at me. “Check it out.”
I was, too. The swelling had gone down but the two holes could have definitely been caused by a vampire. Not that either of us were experts, but we’d watched enough horror flicks to know what we saw. 
“Mom, we have to talk to you,” I said, stepping back. “I know this is going to sound crazy but you have to believe us.”
She looked at both of us. “Okay, spill it. What’s on your minds?”
We started over from when we’d spoken to Amy, her warnings, and how she’d killed herself. Then, I told both of them how I met Ethan and how he’d called me Miranda and had almost made me run away with him.
She threw her head back and laughed. 
“It’s not funny, mom,” said Nathan. “This Ethan guy looked like he was ready to attack me tonight and I had to use a gun to scare him away.”
“Nathan, I doubt the gun would have killed him, anyway,” I said. “He only left you alone because I told him to.”
“Whatever,” he snapped. “This guy is some kind of monster. Whether it’s a vampire or demon. He flies, he growls – he isn’t normal!”
She threw her hands up in the air. “It’s… I don’t know how to react to this. I can’t just accept the fact that you both think this kid is a vampire. As far as my neck goes, I’ve never met Ethan, so if you think he bit my neck when I was having a cup of coffee and didn’t notice, you have another thing coming.”
“Do you feel different at all?” I asked.
She glared at me. “For Heaven’s sake, Nikki! I’m not going to turn into a damn vampire!”
Nathan and I looked at each other. We knew it was pointless to keep trying to convince her that there were vampires in Shore Lake. Unless she saw it for herself, there was no way she was going to believe us. Nathan had reacted the same way.
She rubbed her temples and then stared at us, again. “Look, I’m going back to bed and I suggest that the both of you do the same thing. In the morning, you’ll both realize how crazy this sounded.”
I sighed. “Okay.”
“Goodnight, mom,” said Nathan.
“I love you both, but if you wake me up to talk about vampires again, I’m getting rid of cable!”

 
Chapter Nineteen

“Okay, I’m not leaving you alone anymore,” said Nathan as he paced back and forth in the kitchen. We were both too shook up to sleep.
“Fine,” I said, taking a sip of coffee.
He wagged his finger. “We should talk to mom and see if she’s willing to move back home, too.”
My jaw dropped. “But what about Duncan and our new jobs?”
“What about… there’s a vampire after you, Nikki? Or should we call you ‘Miranda’?”
I sighed. “What if he follows us anyway? He said he’s been looking for me and now that he’s found me, we are supposed to be together.”
“How romantic,” snickered Nathan. “If you ask me, I think he just wants to get into your pants.”
“He almost did,” I mumbled.
“Good thing I heard those groans and whimpers coming from your room, which was gnarly, by the way. Do you know how disturbing it is to hear your sister getting it on with a vampire?” He shuddered. “It’s sick.”
I smiled. “Thank you for being a nosy brother, Nathan. You probably saved my life. At least, my virginity.”
“Thank my stomach. If it wasn’t for mom’s leftover pasta salad calling to me in the fridge, we wouldn’t be having this conversation.”
“Probably not.”
He sat down by the counter. “I just don’t know what else to do. You know, I wonder if we should see if Abigail is still in town. She might have some ideas. She’s the only other person who’d believe us.”
“We should probably go and pay her a visit in the morning,” I said.
He looked at his watch. “The sun will be up soon. I’m going to grab my sleeping bag and camp out in your room for the next few nights. Hopefully, that horny vampire gives up and decides to go after someone else.”
“Oh, my God,” I whispered in horror. “What if he killed all of those girls in the paper? You said they were all similar looking. Maybe he was looking for me?”
He snorted. “Or worse yet, you are not the real Miranda and he decides to kill you when he figures it out.”
I glared at him. “Oh, thanks, Nathan. Just when I think it can’t get any worse.”
“Hey, I’m just trying to keep everything in perspective. I mean, we shouldn’t rule anything out,” he said with a yawn.
His yawn triggered one from me. “True, but I hope you’re wrong,” I said as we headed out of the kitchen and back upstairs.
Ten minutes later, Nathan was snoring on the floor but I was still awake. I stared at the door to my balcony, which was now closed and locked. Part of me still longed for Ethan and I wondered if I’d have the strength to say no if given the chance to surrender to him again. 
 

Chapter Twenty


“Wake up, Princess of Darkness,” teased my brother the next morning.
“Very funny,” I mumbled. I looked at my alarm clock to find it was already after eleven o’clock.
“I talked to Duncan already,” said Nathan, between bites of a banana. “We’re supposed to meet him at the marina around four o’clock.”
I yawned. “Did you tell him about last night?”
“I told him some things but left out the part where you were sitting on Ethan’s lap, panting away.”
I groaned. “It was pretty bad. I’m so disgusted with myself.” 
“You were certainly enjoying it last night.” He grimaced. “Heck, I was the one disgusted.”
“Come on, you know very well that it wasn’t me, last night. Aren’t I typically the frigid and shy twin?” 
His lips curled up. “True. I’m usually the one fighting off the opposite sex.”
I got out of bed. “I’m taking a shower now. At least you don’t have to follow me everywhere during the day. Vampires don’t like the daylight.”
“As far as we know,” he said. “But this is real life. I wouldn’t count anything out.”
“I’ve only run into Ethan at night. In fact, he usually hangs out at the diner after dark.”
His eyes narrowed. “What in the hell does he order? Steak Tartare?”
I grimaced. “Gross, no, he only orders coffee; he and his five friends.”
“Oh, hell, more vampires?” 
“I think so, although the others never say a word. They just sip coffee and stare at the rest of the customers.”
“Probably planning a strike.”
“I wouldn’t doubt it. Look, I’m taking a shower. I’ll meet you downstairs in a little while. Is mom awake?”
His face darkened. “No, that’s another thing that’s still bothering me. This isn’t like her, at all.”
“I know. We’d better keep an eye on her. Maybe give the sheriff a heads-up, too,” I said.
“He already thinks we’re nuts,” said Nathan. “Can you imagine if we tell him about last night?”
I bit my lower lip. The sheriff would never believe us. “Let’s keep it to ourselves, for now.”  
“We’re going to have to.”
Nathan left my room and I took a hot shower. When I was done, I slipped on a white sundress and a pair of sandals. After I dried my hair and added a little makeup, I stared at the results and frowned. I definitely looked like I was going on a date.
I’m doing it solely for Duncan, I told myself. 
“You getting dolled up for Duncan or trying to catch a vampire?” joked my brother when I stepped into the kitchen.
I scowled. “For your information, I am doing it for Duncan.”
“Wow, you look very fresh and lovely this morning,” said mom as she walked into the kitchen.
I smiled. “Thanks, mom. By the way, it’s the afternoon, now.”
She removed her sunglasses and looked at the clock. Her face fell. “Oh.”
“Your eyes still bothering you?” I asked.
She nodded. “I have an eye appointment today. I was lucky to get one on a Saturday.”
“I thought the entire town would be shut down with everything going on,” replied Nathan.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“The town barbeque thingy,” I said. “We’re meeting Duncan there later this afternoon. Want to join us, mom? It should be a lot of fun.”
“Yeah, actually, I do.” Her eyes lit up. “Maybe I’ll see Caleb there.”
“He’s the sheriff. He’s probably heading up the security,” said Nathan.
“I’m sure. I’ll probably just meet you both there after my eye appointment. Keep your cell phone on so I can find you.”
“Just call me when you’re done and we’ll come look for you, mom,” said Nathan.
“Okay. This should be fun,” she said, turning on the coffeemaker.  
“Either of you want eggs?” asked Nathan, opening the fridge. “I don’t know about you two, but I’m craving a late breakfast.”
“No, that’s okay,” she replied, picking out one of her gourmet coffees from the carousel on the counter. “I’m hungry, but nothing sounds good. I think I’m just going to grab a bite in town before my exam.”
Nathan and I looked at each other, both of us obviously wondering the same thing, was she craving something rare and bloody?
“Nikki, are you hungry?” asked mom.
“Uh, just some toast.”
“Okay.”
Mom made some for me and then took off with her coffee, while Nathan made himself a monster omelet. After watching him down a half dozen eggs while I nibbled on my toast and jelly, we decided to take a drive over to Abigail’s, to see if she was still in town.
“I think this is her place,” he said as we drove up the dirt road to the next cabin over. It was older and much smaller than the one we were staying at, but kept up nicely. With all of the flowers and shrubs surrounding the cabin, it seemed inviting. 
“Yeah, there’s her truck,” I pointed next to the cabin. “Obviously she didn’t skip town just yet. Lucky for us.”
We got out and walked up to the porch. I could hear a dog barking somewhere inside and smiled. “At least we know she’s not living alone.”
“I don’t blame her,” said Nathan, swatting at a mosquito. “Not with Ethan and his band of freaks flying around at night. Hell, maybe we should consider getting a dog.”
“Something tells me a dog isn’t going to frighten a vampire,” I said. “If anything, it might put the dog’s life in grave danger.”
“No doubt,” he replied, ringing the doorbell. We waited and rang it again, but nobody answered. 
“Maybe she’s fishing on the dock?” I asked. 
He stared over my head towards the side of the cabin and nodded. “Good thinking. Let’s go check it out.”
We went around to the back and looked out towards the lake, but there was still no sign of anyone.
I looked up at Nathan and frowned. “You know, I’m getting this creepy feeling, that something isn’t right.” 
“Don’t get all paranoid, Nik. She’s probably taking a walk or over at a friend’s nearby.”
“Yeah. Let’s hope so.”
We walked to the back door, and this time, I pounded on it. When nobody answered, I looked through a small kitchen window and saw a dog sitting inside in a kennel, whining.
“Aw… poor thing. She’s got her Golden Retriever caged up. Maybe Abigail really is getting ready to leave town, today.”
He scraped his teeth over his lower lip and nodded. “Makes sense. Heck, I’m surprised she’s still here.” 
“Let’s wait on the porch for a little while,” I said, walking towards the front of the cabin again. “If she is heading out, we need to catch her beforehand.”
We both sat down on the wooden rockers on the porch and stared pensively towards the dirt road. After about fifteen minutes, I glanced back at her empty truck and sighed. “Something isn’t right, Nathan. I just have this horrible, horrible feeling.”
He stood up. “I know. I’m wigging out a little here, myself. You know, she’s pretty old. What if she had a stroke or heart attack, and is lying inside, unable to move?”
I rose to my feet, too. “Oh crap. Check the door.”
Nathan reached for the handle, and it opened easily. He stuck his head inside. “Hello? Abigail? It’s Nathan from the next cabin over!”
Nobody answered.
“Keep going,” I said.
We stepped inside and were immediately engulfed in a smell that made me want to puke.
“What’s that smell?” I whispered in horror, stopping in my tracks. It was worse than garbage that’s been baking in the sun and dog shit – combined. 
“Oh, hell, I don’t know. Let’s go find her bedroom,” he mumbled, his hand over his nose. “Just stay behind me.”
We searched the cabin until we found a room that appeared to be her bedroom. On the full-sized bed were two open suitcases and piles of women’s clothing, ready to be packed.
I looked at Nathan. “What now?” 
“Kitchen.”
I followed him out of the bedroom and we both gasped in horror the moment we entered the kitchen. On the floor, next to the refrigerator, lay Abigail – her neck ripped open and her lifeless eyes fixed on the ceiling. We both shrieked and then ran like hell out of the cabin, back to his Mustang.
“Oh, my God, we have to call the cops!” I cried. “That was horrible!” 
“Did you see her eyes?” he choked, his face whiter than my dress. He pulled his phone out and dialed nine-one-one. After he hung up with the police, he started the engine.
Dizzy and afraid of puking, I opened my window to let some fresh air in. “I guess there’s no question that vampires are involved, now, is there?”   
“Hell no. Let’s get out of here and call mom when we get back to the cabin. The police told me to stick around, but screw that. They know where to find us.”
“I agree.”
He kicked up rocks as we peeled out of the driveway and I closed my eyes, trying to get the image of Abigail’s body out of my head. If Ethan was responsible for that, there was no way in hell I’d want to see him again. As far as I was concerned, it was time to talk mom into leaving town.

 
Chapter Twenty-One


A squad car stopped by our cabin an hour later, asked us several questions, and then left. Because we didn’t want to sound crazy, we didn’t mention a word about vampires. 
“That must have been so horrifying,” said mom, who’d stopped back home after we’d called to let her know what had happened. 
“Her throat was torn apart, mom,” said Nathan. “There was blood everywhere. It was just… crazy.” 
Sighing, she picked off a piece of lint from her jean skirt. “Maybe it was a bear or a mountain lion that attacked her.”
Nathan’s face darkened. “Or maybe it was a vampire.”
She groaned. “You’re not going to start with that business, again, are you?”
He sighed. “Look, you know us. We aren’t making it up, mom. This Ethan dude, he literally flew out of Nikki’s room.”
“He’d better think twice before he sneaks into your sister’s bedroom, again.”
He smiled grimly. “Mom, if we aren’t careful, they’ll be bloodsucking lovers for the rest of eternity. No lie.”
Mom burst out laughing. “You’re so melodramatic.”
I knew she still wouldn’t believe the vampire story, and part of me didn’t blame her. I was still having a hard time accepting it, myself.
“Listen,” she said, looking down at her watch. “I’m going to be late for my eye appointment if I don’t leave. Are you both still going to this town barbeque?”
Nathan and I looked at each other.
“We should,” I told him. “Duncan’s expecting us and I’m afraid that Ethan is coming back later. He might hurt you.”
“Nikki, if you think someone is going to hurt your brother, then you call the police right away!” snapped mom. “I mean, seriously!”
“Mom,” said Nathan. “The police can’t stop this guy.” 
She rubbed her forehead. “Well, we’ll talk about this later. I’ll see you at in town. Have your cell phones on you.”  
After mom left us, I called Duncan and told him about finding Abigail.
“No shit? I wonder if Ethan was responsible for killing her.”
“I don’t know. I mean, he didn’t actually seem like a killer to me.”
Duncan paused. “Even so, if I catch that guy anywhere around you, I’m going to pound his head in.”
I smiled. “You’d do that for me?”
“Damn right,” he replied. “As far as I’m concerned, you’re my girl now.”
“I like that sound of that,” I replied, softly.
“Oh, hell, my dad’s calling me. Look, I’ll see you guys around four o’clock. Call me if you have any problems. I can’t wait to see you. I thought about you all night.”
“Me too,” I replied, although I’d been thinking about how I’d pretty much cheated on him, even though I’d been a victim myself. I only hoped that he wouldn’t find out about it. He was such a sweet guy and didn’t deserve to be hurt.  
As I hung up, Nathan walked out of the kitchen with some garlic and told me to try and find the cross necklace that my father had given me.
“I lost it,” I said with a grim smile, “last summer.”
He sighed. “You know, I never thought I’d meet someone more dangerous to us than our dad.”
“We don’t know for sure if Ethan killed our neighbor or those girls.”
Nathan scowled. “Don’t start making excuses for this…thing.”
“He has friends. Maybe one of them killed Abigail?”
“Just stop, okay? Ethan is no good for you. If he has killed people, then you have to stay away from him.”
“I know,” I said.
“Rub some of this garlic on your wrists,” he said, holding it out.
I backed away. “Yeah, right. I’m not going to walk around smelling like pizza, especially walking through crowds of people.”
He shrugged. “Fine then, let’s just go.”
Twenty minutes later, we arrived in town and parked at the marina. Duncan was waiting for us in the shop.
“Hey, Duncan,” said Nathan.
“Hey, Nathan.”
Duncan walked over and put his arms around me. “Are you okay?”
I nodded. 
He tilted my chin up and stared into my eyes. “I’m not leaving your side anymore. Not until this guy is behind bars. Or… whatever the hell he is.”
I nodded.
“Wow, you look… beautiful,” he said. “I’d better keep my eyes on you.” Then he brushed my lips with his.
“Let’s get going, I’m starving,” interrupted Nathan.
Duncan smiled and put his arm around my shoulders as we started walking towards the town festival. 
“Wow, they really go all out,” said Nathan.
Large tents and carnival rides were set up in the park and the smell of succulent barbequed meat and corndogs drifted through the air. Crowds of people were already stuffing their faces, standing in line for the rides, or chasing after their kids. 
Nathan groaned. “I’m starving, lead me to the chow.”
A half hour later we were sitting at a picnic table watching Nathan devour his second helping of ribs and listening to some band play old time rock-n-roll songs. Nathan’s cell phone began to ring. He licked his fingers and answered the phone. 
“Mom’s on her way,” he said after hanging up.
“Nikki!”
I looked up and saw Susan walking over. I introduced her to Nathan and Duncan.
“I thought you had to work today?” I asked her.
“No. They closed down for the day because of the festival, thank goodness,” she answered.
“Did you eat yet?” asked Nathan, sliding over to make room for her at the picnic table. 
She shook her head. “No, but that’s okay. I’m going to get something later.”
“You can sit down with us. I don’t bite,” he said, his lips curling up. “Unless you want me to.”
Susan blushed and sat down next to him.
I smiled in amusement as Nathan began teasing her some more. Susan looked totally different out of uniform and reminded me a little of a younger Jennifer Aniston. My brother must have liked what he saw, because he was totally laying on the charm.
 “So, do you know this Ethan character?” asked Nathan after a while.
“I only know that he pursued Amy and she had this notion he was a vampire.”
“Did she say why she thought he was a vampire?” asked Duncan.
She shrugged. “Just that he only came out at night and had this power to make her do whatever he wanted. It freaked the hell out of her.”
“So, did he ever try hitting on you?” asked Nathan. 
She stared at her clasped fingers. “No, but I went out with one of his friends a couple of times.”
My eyes widened. “You went out with one of the guys he comes in with at night?”
“Not one of them. I went out with Drake, who was more of a loner. Then, he kind of just fell off of the face of the earth. He used to come in at night alone and we’d go out after my shift. Then one night, he just never came back. I tried calling him but he never even returned my calls.”
“Did you really think he was a vampire?” I asked.
She shook her head. “No. I mean he was kind of intense and kept weird hours, but of course he wasn’t a vampire. There’s no such thing, right?”
Nathan and I stared at each other, but didn’t respond.
“Did you ever go to his house?” asked Duncan.
“We stopped by once, but he made me wait outside. He lived with Ethan and the others; they rent this house on the edge of town.”
“You didn’t think it was weird that he made you wait outside?” I asked.
She shook her head. “Not really. Besides, Ethan and the others really creep me out. Drake was different, though. I wish I knew what happened to him.”
“Did you ask Ethan?” I said.
She made a face. “Yeah but he didn’t say much. Personally, I think he went back home to Australia. He talked about his family a lot and how he missed them.”
My eyebrows shot up. “He was Australian?”   
She nodded and got this dreamy look on her face. “Yeah, he had this neat accent. Man, I miss that guy.”
Duncan cleared his throat. “So you know where Ethan lives?”
“Yes.”
“Maybe we should call the sheriff and tell him we think Ethan’s responsible for those murders?” said Nathan.
Susan’s jaw dropped. “You seriously think that Ethan is responsible?”
“We don’t know for sure,” I said.
Nathan scowled. “As far as I’m concerned, he’s responsible for something.”
Embarrassed, I looked away. I’d let Ethan into my bedroom and allowed him to do those things to me. What was even worse was that I’d enjoyed it, and wasn’t even certain that I had regrets. 
Was he a murderer?
 I didn’t want to believe it.
“Here comes mom,” said Nathan, standing up. He waved and she walked over.
“So, what did the eye doctor say?” I asked. She was still wearing her sunglasses.
She shrugged. “He prescribed some eye drops for me. He thinks it might be an eye infection, but doesn’t know for sure. If the drops don’t work then I’m supposed to come back in five days for more tests.”
“Hopefully you won’t have to wear your sunglasses to work on Monday.”
She smiled. “Now that would be awkward, wouldn’t it? So,” she looked around. “Have you seen Caleb, yet?” 
I shook my head. “No. Did you call him?”
“I did, but he never answers during the day. He says it’s because he’s so busy. I just hope it’s not something else.”
“Like what? Another woman?” I asked.
She smiled, sheepishly. “Yeah, maybe.” 
“Are you talking about Sheriff Caleb?” asked Susan.
“Yeah,” I said.
“He’s definitely not married,” she said. “He has a daughter who just graduated, Celeste. His wife died a few years ago.”
“That’s what he told me, too,” said mom.
“So what’s the sheriff’s daughter like?” I asked.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you! The redhead we saw on our first day in town… the cute one? That’s Celeste.”
“The hot one?” asked Nathan.
“Yes, Nathan. ‘The hot one’,” she said with a smile.
Nathan turned to Susan. “No offense, Susan. You’re really hot, too.”  
Susan’s cheeks turned bright red again. 
“Hey, here comes my dad,” said Duncan, waving his hand.
Sonny walked over with a plate of food and sat down next to mom. He smiled. “Hi, I’m Duncan’s dad… you must be Nikki and Nathan’s mom? I’m Sonny and I’m going to apologize right now for making a pig out of myself.”
Mom laughed. “I’m Anne. That’s quite all right. I’m used to it, Nathan eats round the clock.”
“I have to be back at the marina in fifteen minutes so I have to eat fast.”
I watched as my mom and Sonny began talking about some yacht he was currently fixing.
“How fascinating,” she said. “I’ve always wanted a ride on a beautiful yacht.”
He smiled. “Come on by the marina sometime and I’ll take you out on a couple. I own a fifty-foot carver myself, and haven’t had a chance to take it out much this summer. You’d give me a reason to start the engine.
My mom’s face lit up. “That sounds wonderful.”
“I’d better get back,” he said, standing up. “It was nice meeting you, Anne. Susan, I’ll see you at the diner again, I’m sure.”
“See you, Mr. Hamilton,” answered Susan.
“I probably won’t be home until late,” said Duncan.
Sonny’s eyes narrowed. “That’s right. Call me if you need me.”
When Sonny left, mom smiled. “Your dad seems very nice, Duncan.”
“Thanks.” 
She looked at me. “And cute, too.”
I laughed. He was pretty hot for an older guy.
Nathan stood up. “Anybody interested in going on some rides? Susan?”
“Sure,” she answered.
“Duncan, how about some rides?” I asked.
He nodded. “Let’s go.”
“I’m going to be taking off,” said mom. “Caleb’s supposed to be stopping over after work. I don’t see him patrolling around here anyway.”
There were a few cops wandering around but I hadn’t seen Caleb around either.
“Okay, bye, mom,” I said.
“Don’t stay up too late,” said Nathan.
“Same goes for you, dad,” she replied.
We purchased some carnival tickets and then spent the next couple of hours screaming on the rides. I watched in amusement as Nathan pretended to be frightened and hugged Susan for comfort.
“They seem to be hitting it off,” said Duncan as we got on the Ferris wheel by ourselves.
“Yeah.”
Duncan’s face darkened. “So, what exactly happened between you and Ethan?”

 
Chapter Twenty-Two


“Not much,” I lied. 
His eyes narrowed. “Nathan mentioned he was in your bedroom?”
“Yes. He knocked on the door and I opened it. I’m not even sure why I did. He has this way of manipulating people. You heard Susan.”
“He’d better leave you alone or I’ll manipulate his face,” he said. He then put his arms around me and drew me close.
I smiled in pleasure as his lips closed in on mine. Within a matter of seconds, I’d forgotten all about Ethan and was kissing Duncan back as hungrily as he was kissing me. Then the ride was ending, and we were forced to pull apart
“What are you doing to me?” he murmured. 
I’d certainly felt his excitement brush against me and decided it was probably better that the ride had ended when it did.
“So, Duncan, how many girls have you been with?’
He looked at me in surprise. “Is it important?”
“No, not really.”
“If it makes you feel better, I’ve only been with one other girl. We went out for a few months when I was living with my mom, in Minnesota.”
“Do you miss her?”
He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. “You’re all I care about, Nikki. I’ve never felt this way about anyone.”
I smiled and kissed him.
“What about you?” he asked, when I pulled away.
I blushed. “Actually, I’m a virgin.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“What?”  
“You are?”
I scowled. “Yeah, why? Do I seem easy to you or something.”
He burst out laughing. “No! I’m sorry. You just know how to…”
I smiled wickedly. “Excite you? You’re a guy. It’s not too difficult to figure out.”
“So, you’re really a virgin?” he said, rubbing the bottom of his chin. “Hmm…I’d better be careful then. You’re like a delicate flower that needs to be handled with kid gloves.”
I snorted. “Yeah right!”
“Okay, maybe I should tell you to be careful with me.”
“Maybe, you should.”
He smiled as the Ferris wheel stopped at the ground and then helped me down.
“There’s Nathan and Susan,” I said, pointing towards the ticket booth. They were apparently going on more rides.
“Would you like to go on more rides?” he asked, pulling out his wallet.
“Actually, I have to use the ladies’ room,” I said, looking around.
He nodded. “I’ll come with you.”
We walked towards the beach where there was a public restroom open for the festival, which was good because I hated using the satellites.  
“Do you want to take a walk by the beach?” he asked when I was finished.
I looked towards the beach. It was dusk and now deserted. “Sure.”  
We walked towards the lake and I took off my sandals so I could dig my toes in the sand.
“Now that I’ve got you alone…” he grinned, grabbing my arm and pulling me close.
Duncan was almost a foot taller than me and I stood on my tippy toes to meet his lips. We started kissing and then I remembered.
“Wait,” I said. “It’s getting dark. We shouldn’t be out here alone.”
He snorted. “Listen, if Ethan shows up, I’ll knock his lights out.”
Duncan would have been a formidable adversary for anyone, but not for whatever kind of creature Ethan was. There was no question in my mind about that.
“Duncan, he’s not normal. Remember how he grabbed me and ran through the woods? Even you can’t compete with that.”
He sighed. “Fine. Just one more kiss and we’ll head back.”
I slid my arms around his neck and we began kissing, again. Just when my legs began to feel like jelly, he released me.
“Hey,” I pouted as I opened my eyes.
“Well, well, well,” chuckled Ethan. “You’re a naughty little vixen, aren’t you?”
Duncan lay on the ground, obviously unconscious. I rushed to his side and looked up at Ethan. “What did you do to him?!” I yelled. 
He sighed. “Don’t worry he’s just taking a little nap. I should have killed him for even touching you.”
“Ethan, you have to stop this. I’m not Miranda.”  
He grabbed my hand and lifted me up. “You are Miranda. I can see it in your eyes, the way you smell, how you taste…” he murmured, looking into my eyes.
My heart began to race as he bent his head and began kissing me. A wave of hot pleasure shot through my body and I released a strangled moan.
Just then, Duncan came back to his senses. “Leave her alone, you asshole!” he raged, trying to get Ethan away from me.
Ethan’s eyes burned with fury and I watched in awe as he let out an unearthly roar. Before I could do anything, he held Duncan in the air by his throat.
“Please, stop!” I sobbed, rushing towards them. I started hitting Ethan in the back, but it was like hitting a plate of steel. He used his other hand and pushed me to the ground.
Duncan’s eyes were bugging out of his head and his face was turning purple. I knew he would die if I didn’t do something.
“Ethan!” I screamed, getting back up. I hit him repeatedly with my fists, but he continued to ignore me. It was only when a group of men began racing towards us that he swore and released Duncan.
“Let’s go, now,” ordered Ethan. 
I backed away from him and then turned to run. Before I could take five steps, I was in his arms and we were racing across the beach like a flash of lightning. 
“No…” I sobbed as the lights from the carnival became a blur. 

 
Chapter Twenty-Three


I woke up in a cool, dark bedroom. Candles lit up the room and rock music played softly in the background. 
I sat up. “Duncan?” I mumbled, “Nathan?”
Someone sighed and I found Ethan watching me from the shadows. He sat in a leather club chair that had been pushed into the corner of the room.
“So, you’re finally awake,” he murmured.  
I swallowed. “Where am I?” 
“Welcome to my humble abode,” he chuckled. He was naked from the waist up and my mind turned traitor once again as I imagined running my fingers over his impressive pecs.
What in the hell was wrong with me?!
I forced my lustful thoughts aside and tried to concentrate on Duncan and whether or not he was safe.
“Take me home,” I demanded, scooting to the edge of the bed. “Please.”
His eyes studied me intently, but he didn’t respond.
I stood up and smoothed down my dress. “Seriously, take me home,” I said, lifting my chin.
Ethan stood up and walked towards me. His eyes lowered to my dress and I suddenly felt naked. I wondered if vampires had x-ray vision.
I put a hand to my chest and looked up at him. “Ethan?” 
“You are home,” he replied, his voice husky. I backed away and he grinned. “Are we playing hard to get, now?” 
I ignored the question. “Look, this is insane. You can’t just keep me here like a prisoner.”
His eyes hardened. “Prisoner? If you want to leave, you’re certainly free to go.” He then stood sideways so that I could move around him to the doorway. 
Holding my breath, I decided to go for it. Before I could take two steps, however, he grabbed both of my hands and had them behind my back before I had a chance to exhale.
“You know you want to be with me,” he said, smiling darkly. “In every way.”
I stared up into eyes that hinted of things I’d only fantasized about, and shamefully, my resistance fell apart. 
Yes, I wanted Ethan…
In fact, from the tingling sensation growing between my legs, I wanted him every way and everywhere. 
One of his large hands slid into my hair, cupping the back of my head. “Let me,” he whispered seductively, his breath hinting of butterscotch once again, “please you.”
Oh, my God…
My eyes lowered to his mouth and I licked my lips, remembering how good they’d felt on my skin. The next thing I knew, he had me on the bed, pressing against me, and I surrendered all control, gasping in guilty pleasure. Within seconds I was returning his kisses as passionately as he was giving them.
“Yes,” he growled, against my mouth as my hands traveled along his back to his hair. I tightened my fingers around the strands and pulled him closer, kissing him deeper as hot waves of desire shot through my veins, urging me on.
More… I wanted more…
I wrapped my legs around his waist, this time holding him captive as our pelvises moved together in a rhythm that soon had me whimpering in pleasure.
Suddenly, he stopped and his body tensed up.
“What?” I asked, staring up at him.  
He closed his eyes and his jaw tightened.
“What did I do?” I whispered, touching his cheek.
He opened his eyes and they seemed to burn right into my soul. I stared in awe as a fire ignited around his irises and grew into flames. 
My eyes widened. “Are you okay?”
He touched my cheek with his finger, drawing circles. “I’m fine… and you’ve done nothing but… make me want you more than ever,” he whispered. “I just needed a second to regain my control.”
“Oh.”
“Now, where were we?” he asked as his fingers moved down my neck and across my chest. Before I could respond, the front of my dress was ripped open and his mouth was on my skin.
“Oh,” I moaned as his tongue trailed wet kisses to my nipples, teasing and driving me insane with desire. 
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered, cupping my breasts as his mouth moved upwards. When I realized where he stopped, I tensed up, wondering what would happen next. 
Was he actually going to bite me? And worse, would I care?
His tongue stroked the skin near my collarbone and then moved up towards my ear, nibbling and licking. As I began to relax, his right hand released my breast and his fingers moved down my ribcage, across my bellybutton to my panties, stopping right at the edge of the cotton.  
“Invite me in,” he whispered against my neck.
“Yes…” I whispered, my legs trembling.
He ran one of his fingers over the top of the material and I gasped. “Say it…” he demanded.
“Come in, Ethan…”
Just as his fingers began to slide under the fabric, the door burst open and he shot up. His face was a mask of monstrous rage and my heart stopped as I saw his fangs for the first time. “What is the meaning of this?!” he growled.
Sheriff Caleb stood facing us while I pulled the blankets over my exposed body. His face was burning red, as were his homicidal eyes. “Why in the fuck did you bring her here?!”  

Chapter Twenty-Four

They’d locked me in the bedroom but I could still hear their angry shouts from somewhere in the house. Caleb said he had to bring me back, but Ethan raged that I belonged with him. I wanted to go home desperately and prayed that Ethan would give in and release me. 
There was a soft knock at the door and then it opened. An attractive red-haired girl entered the room, who I only assumed was Celeste, Caleb’s daughter. This time she wasn’t wearing glasses and her startling green eyes stared at me with interest.
“Here,” she said, throwing me a pair of shorts and T-shirt. “I heard you needed this.”
I stared at her, wondering if she was a vampire, too. 
“Yes,” she said with a sardonic grin. “I am whatever it is you think I am.”
“What, you can read minds?” I asked.
She laughed. “No, I could tell what you were thinking by the expression on your face.”
“What are they going to do with me?” I asked.
“If Ethan had his way, you’d never leave his side. Caleb doesn’t really trust you, but he has the hots for your mom and isn’t willing to hurt her.”
I scowled. “How fucking sensitive of him.”
She laughed. “So, what do you want to do?” she asked. “Do you care for Ethan?”
“I don’t know,” I said, pulling the T-shirt over my head, “he stares into my eyes and I want nothing more than to be with him. But that’s not real, is it? Isn’t that some kind of power he has to control people?”
She nodded. “True.”
“But, even now…” I said. “He has this effect on me and he’s not even in the room. I guess I really might feel something for him. It’s all so confusing.”
“It’s only natural to feel lust towards him, if that’s all it is. He’s very sexy.”
“That is no lie.” 
“Caleb said he caught you with some guy named Duncan,” she said. 
“Yeah,” I answered. “I’ve kind of been seeing Duncan.”
“Are you in love with this, Duncan?”
“I think I’m confused. I don’t know. Maybe I’m a little in love with both of them.”
She smiled. “Being in love with one of us is dangerous. If you decide to stay with Ethan, you can’t live a normal life.”
I swallowed. “So, are you vampires?”
She grimaced. “I never did like that word.”
I swallowed. “So… do you suck people’s blood?”
She stepped closer to me and touched my cheek as I held my breath. “We take nourishment wherever we can get it. Some are willing to give us our nourishment, some don’t have much say in the matter.”
I backed up. “So, you are willing to kill people if you have to?”
She smiled darkly. “Survival of the fittest.”
“Is Caleb turning my mother into one of you?”  
“I believe that he has chosen your mother to be his mate.”
Oh, hell.
“Is Caleb your real father?” I asked, continuing with my questions. If she was willing to answer, I wasn’t going to stop.
“Yes,” she said. “My father became a… vampire first. He then turned me into one to save my life.”
My eyebrows shot up. “What do you mean?” 
 “I had Typhoid.”
“Wow, when was that?”
“Eighteen ninety-one,” she said.
I stared at her in shock. “That would make you…”
“Much older than you,” she answered. 
Caleb stormed into the bedroom and waved at me. “Let’s go. We have to get you out of here before your brother and Duncan show up. I guess they know about this place from Susan.”
“Are you taking me home?” I asked, backing away from him.
His eyes narrowed. “You weren’t hurt, and when I walked in on you and Ethan, you looked to be enjoying yourself. You aren’t planning on pressing any charges against Ethan, are you?”
I looked past Caleb to where Ethan was standing with his arms crossed, looking furious. “No,” I said.
“You aren’t going to make any trouble for us, are you? Not that anyone would believe you anyway,” said Caleb.
“If you leave my mother alone,” I said. “I’ll keep my mouth shut.”
Caleb’s face turned dark. “I can’t do that.”
“Yes you can! Do you think I want my mom turning into a vampire? I’ve seen her neck!” I yelled, surprising myself.
He sighed. “There are things you don’t understand. Your mother… I have feelings for her and I’d do anything for her.”
“So you’d turn her into one of you?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “How do I say this?” he stepped closer. “Your mother has cancer and I’m giving her a second chance.”
I snorted. “You seriously expect me to believe that?”
“She has breast cancer,” he said, his face grim. “Hell, she doesn’t even know about it yet.”
I felt sick to my stomach. “What, you can sense that?”
He nodded. “Yes and if she becomes one of us, she’ll survive. If she doesn’t, she may die.”
“But you didn’t even consider giving her a chance?”
“I was afraid she’d say no,” he said. “You’re right, though, I didn’t give her a choice. She may hate me when she finds out, but at least she’ll be alive.”
“Do you consider yourself alive?”  
Ethan stepped past Caleb and put his hands on my shoulders. “Do I look dead to you? What you felt earlier, was that really so bad?”
I stepped back. “Ethan, you’re trying to control me again. I don’t know how I feel about you because it isn’t real. You use your powers to make me feel things that I’m not even sure about.”
“I only did it the first night we met,” he said. “And I’m…. sorry. But I haven’t manipulated you at all since that night. Every feeling, every emotion you’ve had since then, has been real.”
There was a sharp knock at the door and someone stepped into the room. “We have to do something, now!” hollered one of the guys I’d seen Ethan with in the diner the other night. “Someone’s here. I think it’s her damn brother.”
“Fuck,” groaned Caleb. 
“Wait,” said Celeste. “Let me take care of him.”
“Don’t you dare hurt my brother,” I snapped.
She smiled. “Believe me, when I’m done with him, he’ll be begging me to hurt him. But in a good way.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant, but Caleb nodded and said, “Celeste won’t hurt him or she’ll answer to me.”
She gave him a pouty face as she stepped out of the room.
Caleb nodded towards the door. “You’re free to leave,” he said to me.
I looked at Ethan, who was obviously upset. “I…”
“I told you before that you were free to go,” he said. “I’d never do anything to hurt you.”
I’m sure he still thought I was Miranda and wanted me to become a vampire like he was. But the very idea of doing that was frightening beyond belief. I still wasn’t exactly sure how I felt about him, but I knew without a doubt that I didn’t belong to that world.
I looked down and stepped past him to the door. 
“Nikki.”
I turned to him. “What, Ethan?”
“You haven’t seen the last of me.”
I wish I could have pretended that those words didn’t affect me, but they did. He must have noticed my reaction, because he licked his lips and gave me a slow sexy smile.   
“Goodbye, Ethan,” I said, walking away.

 
Chapter Twenty-Five


They lived in a large old colonial that was very well furnished. I’m not sure why I was so surprised; if they were vampires and could live for centuries, they had time to save for such luxuries.
“Nikki!” hollered my brother from the front door. “Are you okay?”
I was walking down a long spiral staircase that faced the front door where Nathan and Duncan stood. They were being held back by two other guys from the diner, who I assumed were also vampires. Celeste was also with them.
“I’m fine,” I said.
Duncan looked pissed and was glaring at the vampires. “Get out of our way so we can make sure she’s not hurt!”
“Now, now,” said Celeste. “She’s doing fine. She came here on her own free will, and isn’t hurt in the least.”
“Who are you?” asked Duncan.
She smiled. “I’m a friend of Nikki’s and Anne’s. I’m Caleb’s daughter, Celeste.”
“She’s fine,” confirmed Caleb, trying to ease the tension in the room. “And she’s not pressing charges because she came on her own free will.”
I walked to the front door and Duncan put his arms around me. “Are you okay?” he asked, searching my face.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
Duncan frowned and looked at Caleb. “I should press charges against that asshole, Ethan, wherever he is.”
“I’m right here,” said Ethan, coming down from the top of the stairs.    
“Okay, do you want to press charges?” asked Caleb.
Duncan glared at Ethan, who was smiling malevolently. “I just want him to leave Nikki alone,” he said.
“Nikki and I are friends,” replied Ethan, his eyes undressing me again. Even now I wanted to be underneath him, his mouth and hands everywhere. Especially when he looked at me that way – like I was his possession and he knew it. 
“Right,” snapped Duncan.
“I remember you now,” said Celeste to Nathan. “You’re the cute guy from the grocery store the other night.” 
Nathan’s eyes appeared to dilate as he stared at the beautiful vampire. A lopsided grin spread across his face. “I was wondering what happened to you. It’s nice to see you again.”
“And it’s very nice to see you,” she replied, twirling a red curl around her finger.
Duncan frowned.  “Nathan, she’s with them. Don’t fall for this shit.”
Nathan ignored him, staring at her as if she was a buffet of food and he was dying of starvation. “So, Celeste, what are you doing with these jackasses?”  
“I rode over here with my dad,” she answered. “I’m friends with Ethan and wanted to find out what was happening.” She looked at Duncan and smiled. “You must be Duncan?”
Duncan sighed. “Yeah.”
“I’ve heard all about you,” she said, putting her hands on her hips. “Nikki’s quite fond of you.”
He looked at me and I smiled.
Celeste yawned. “Guys, I’m getting really tired and I think everyone should go home now, it’s very late. Isn’t that right, Duncan?”
Duncan’s eyes dilated as their eyes met. “Yes, it’s getting late. We should all go home.”
“Good thinking,” she said with an amused expression. She turned to Caleb who looked satisfied at the change of events. “Daddy, I’m starving. Can we stop somewhere for a late snack on the way home?”
From the look in her eyes, I knew her snack wasn’t the type I’d enjoy. I quickly grabbed Duncan’s and Nathan’s hands. “We have to leave. Now.”
“Goodbye, Nikki,” called Ethan. “I’m sure I’ll be seeing you very soon.”
Duncan somehow snapped out of his trance. He stared at Ethan with hate. “Stay the fuck away from her!”
“Only if she wants me to,” he replied, his eyes still focused on me. 
That had nothing to do with what I wanted from him. In fact, I knew that if we didn’t get out of the house soon, I’d never be able to leave. “Let’s go,” I said, pulling them through the door. 
When we got into Nathan’s Mustang, his mind seemed to clear from whatever spell Celeste had put him under. “What in the hell just happened?”
“I don’t know,” said Duncan, who was sitting in the backseat, tapping his fingers nervously on the door. “What I do know is that I should have had Ethan arrested for trying to kill me earlier.”
“Are you sure you’re okay, Nikki?” asked my brother. “You weren’t bitten or anything, were you?”
I shook my head.
“So, is Ethan a vampire or what?” asked Duncan. “He certainly has some kind of super strength. He almost killed me on the beach. Then he took off with my girl. I feel like such a lame excuse for a boyfriend. ”
I turned around to look at him. “There’s no way you could have done anything more. And look, I’m here, now, and I’m totally fine.”
He sighed. “It’s my fault, you know. You warned me about walking on the beach. I’m just glad you’re okay. I was so worried that he might have killed you or something.”
“No, he wouldn’t kill me.”
“How can you be so sure? You can’t trust that maniac. Look what happened to Abigail.”
“We don’t know if he did that,” I said, not wanting to believe it. I couldn’t imagine Ethan as a murderer. Not when he made me feel so safe and alive.
“Did you actually ask him?” asked Nathan.
“Um, no. Are you kidding?”
He frowned. “What about those other girls. Did you ask him about those?”
“No.”
The truth was, I was terrified of his answer.
“So, what were you doing all this time?” asked Duncan.  
I lied. “Just talked about other things.”  I certainly couldn’t tell him the truth. It did neither of us any good, and until I figured out what had actually happened and whether or not I’d had any control, I’d keep it to myself. Besides, hurting Duncan was the last thing I wanted to do. “To tell you the truth, I talked to Celeste more than anyone.”
“She is so freaken hot,” said Nathan, grinning. “I’m going to have to get her number from Caleb.”
“No, Nathan. Just stay away from her,” I said.
“Why?” asked Nathan. “Because you don’t like Caleb?” 
I sighed. “No, because she’s a vampire. So is he, by the way.”
Nathan slammed on the brakes. “What?”
Before I could continue, something landed on the top of Nathan’s car with a loud thud.
“Shit!” hollered Duncan as Ethan jumped to the ground. “He’s come back for Nikki.”
The doors were locked but it didn’t stop him. He ripped mine open and tossed it into the ditch.
“Shit, no… he didn’t just do that to my Mustang!” hollered Nathan, getting out of the car.
“Hi,” smiled Ethan, as he bent down on one knee. He held out his hand to me. “I just couldn’t stay away. Do you have a few minutes to talk in private?”
“No,” I said, backing away. “I can’t go anywhere with you.”
He actually looked hurt. He stood up. “Why?”
“Leave her alone, you bastard!” snarled Duncan, getting out of the car. He walked around and stood next to Nathan, his fists clenched, ready to fight. 
“I think we can take him together, bro,” said Nathan, taking a step towards Ethan. 
Ethan smiled with a hint of fang. “I won’t hurt you because Nikki wants it that way. But if either of you touch me, your future holds no promises.”
“Okay, fine, what do you want with me?” I asked, getting out of the car. I didn’t want anyone hurt but from the look on everyone’s faces, something was about to go down. Unfortunately, there was no doubt in my mind that it would be Duncan and Nathan.
Ethan sighed and ran a hand through his black hair, which was still messy from rolling around in bed with me. “I’m leaving. Caleb has banished me and I’m going to New York.”
“Good,” replied Duncan. “Then you’d better move quickly, daylight’s coming.”
He smiled coldly. “Daylight doesn’t affect me. It’s just a little… uncomfortable.”
“My sister isn’t going anywhere with you,” said Nathan. “And guess what? You’re going to pay for my door before you leave.”
Ethan took out his wallet and threw several hundred dollar bills at his feet. “There you go, bro. Get it fixed.”
“Asshole,” mumbled Nathan, picking up the bills.
Ethan turned back to me. “Can we just have a little time alone, Nikki? There are some things I need to tell you.”
Duncan moved in front of me. “You stay the fuck away from her.” 
“This doesn’t concern you,” replied Ethan, glaring at Duncan. “Move aside.” 
“You’re going to have to make me,” he growled.
I groaned and stepped around him. “Fine, I’ll talk to you, Ethan.” If he actually was leaving, I wanted to find out what he had to say. 
“Bullshit,” said Nathan. “No way is that going to happen.”
I turned to my brother and grabbed his arm, pulling him away. “Nathan,” I whispered. “Just, let me talk to him. He hasn’t hurt me. Not ever. Give us a few minutes alone, within eyesight of you two. Maybe he’ll give us information on those murders. I seriously don’t think he did it but maybe he knows who did.”
“No! He might sweep you away like he did last time,” said Nathan. “Besides, what do you have to say to this… monster?”
I stared into his eyes. “Nathan, nothing is going to happen, okay? Just, trust me. We won’t go far, and if I need your help, I’ll call you guys. Please?”
“What’s going on?” asked Duncan, moving closer to us.
He rubbed his forehead. “She really wants to talk to Ethan.”
Duncan’s eyes widened in alarm. “Why?”
“To see if he knows anything about those murders. Trust me, he won’t hurt me.”
“It’s him I don’t trust,” grunted Duncan.
“I could have taken her already,” volunteered Ethan loudly. Obviously, his ears were picking up on our conversation. “But I haven’t and won’t, if that’s her decision.” 
“What about the mind control thing? He might talk you into it,” said Nathan.
I turned towards Ethan. “You won’t use that. Right, Ethan?” I asked, raising my voice, although I didn’t know what the point was.
“Of course not.”
“I still don’t like it,” said Duncan, advancing towards Ethan. “She’s my girl, asshole. Why can’t you leave her alone?”
Ethan ignored him. He held his hand out to me as I chased after Duncan, to stop him. “Nikki? Can we just have a few moments alone? Seriously, I don’t have much time.”
“Yes,” I replied, ignoring his hand. I knew my brother and Duncan were still angry, but I wanted to hear what Ethan had to say.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of her,” said Ethan right before he grabbed my hand and flew away.
 

Chapter Twenty-Six


“Ethan!”  I shouted as soon as we landed. I stepped away and pointed at him angrily. “What the hell? You weren’t supposed to actually fly off with me like that!”
“I wanted to be alone with you. It might be our last time,” he pouted.
I sighed. “That wasn’t supposed to be part of the deal.”
“Sorry.”
“So, what is this about?”
He smiled. “I wanted you to come with me. To New York.”
My eyes widened. “I’m still in school and you’re a… vampire. I can’t just go away with you.”
He got down on his knees and stared up at me. “Would it help if I confessed my undead love for you?”
This time I laughed out loud. “You’re crazy.”
He stood up and pulled me back into his arms. “Hey, the only thing I’m crazy about, is you.”
“I’m not so sure about that. I mean, you keep calling me Miranda. I’m not this person and I’ll never be her.”
He tipped my chin up and stared into my eyes. “I know that. Look, Nikki, I’m drawn to you, and as far as I’m concerned, nothing else matters.”
“Drawn to me?”
“Yes. There’s this magnetic pull between us, can’t you feel it? It’s like, we were meant to be together.”  
“I don’t know about a magnetic pull… I mean, I like you. I like you, a lot. But…”
“But what? Just throw caution to the wind. I’ll take care of you, Nikki. I swear I’ll keep you safe.”
“I just can’t do what you’re asking. My mother needs me so much right now, and I can’t leave my brother. You have to understand that? You and I… we don’t even really know each other.”
“I won’t force you to come with me, but I want you to understand that I can’t come back to this place.”
I stared at his face, which was so incredibly handsome. I knew I’d miss him. Whether it was real or not, I felt something for Ethan and wished things were different. 
He bent forward and pressed his lips to mine.  
“Your skin, it’s so cool,” I whispered, touching his cheek.
 “I haven’t had time to… feed.  I had other things on my mind.”
I touched his forehead. “When your skin is cooler, does it mean you’re weaker?”
“Yes, In fact, I’ll lose most of my strength if I don’t eat soon. That’s another reason I wanted to move quickly.”
“So, what exactly do you need to… survive?”
He smiled bitterly. “Do you really want to know?”
“Not really, but I need to know one thing; do you kill innocent people?”
He shook his head vehemently. “No. I feed off of willing victims. I only take what I need and they live to see another day. Swear to God.”
I stared at him. I wasn’t sure where he found ‘willing victims’ and wasn’t about to ask.  
I sighed. “Where are you going to find a willing victim now?”
 “I don’t know yet,” he smiled grimly. “I guess I hadn’t thought about that when I was chasing after you. I just really wanted to see you before I left.”
“How about me?”
His eyes widened. “You?”
I pulled my hair away from my neck. “Yes, use my blood. Do it before I change my mind, though.”
He stared at my neck and licked his lips. “I… there is some danger involved. If anything happened to you, I’d never forgive myself.”
“Then you’d better do it quickly, before I chicken out. I hate needles enough as it is.”
He lips curled up. “It’s not quite the same thing.”
I swallowed. “Okay, does it hurt?”
He caressed my neck with his fingertip and I shivered. “I can make it enjoyable for you,” he whispered, huskily.
I looked up into his blue eyes and the naked desire reflected there made me breathless. “Okay,” I whispered. “Just do it, quickly.”
“You sure?”
“Yes. Take my blood.”
His eyes dilated. With a low growl in the back of his throat, his lips crushed mine and his tongue made its way into my mouth, stroking and demanding a response. 
And respond I did.
I slid my hands around his neck, drawing him closer and I could feel his arousal pressing against me. I shivered in delight as a desire to wrap my legs around his waist and hold on forever washed over me.
Instead, he let me go.   
“Are you sure about this?” he asked. He was breathing so heavily, it reminded me of a lion panting for water.
I touched his lip with the pad of my thumb. It was so sensual and yet, something lurked behind it that both frightened and excited me. “Yes, just do it already.”
Ethan stared into my eyes and a burning desire to do whatever he wanted, slammed through every nerve in my body. This time I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him down to meet my lips, feeling like I just couldn’t get enough of his mouth. 
He groaned against my lips and cupped my rear, rubbing his hips against mine, causing a warm ache between my legs. Just when I didn’t think I could take it anymore, he raised his head.
“Please,” I begged, not even sure of what I was asking for anymore.
He moved his mouth to my neck and paused. I could feel the coolness of his breath against my skin; I could also feel him trembling. “I love you,” he whispered and then, his teeth broke through.
I shuddered in ecstasy as my blood flowed into him with a rush of pleasure so great, that I could have died and it wouldn’t have mattered. “Ethan,” I breathed, clutching him tighter so that I wouldn’t fall. 
A gunshot echoed through the night and suddenly he was backing away from me, a look of horror and pain etched on his face. Before I could ask him what had happened, he was gone.
“Did you get him?!” shouted my mother’s voice in the darkness.
“Yeah,” said Caleb. “He’s bleeding. He won’t get far.”
My mother was crying hysterically as she rushed towards me. “Nikki! Oh, my God, you’re bleeding everywhere. We have to get her to the hospital!” she screamed at Caleb.
Caleb nodded. “I’ve already called an ambulance.”
“Mom,” I whispered, staring at her in confusion. How did she get there? Where was Ethan?
“Are you okay?” she asked.
 “Yeah… I’m… fine.”
She shook her head and sobbed harder. “No, you’re not! You’re bleeding and you’re so pale. Dear Lord, what was that monster doing to my little girl?!”
I couldn’t answer her, because at that moment, I lost consciousness.

***

End of Book One
Book Two (Shiver) Now Available!

 
Author Note


Thank you for taking the time to read the first installment of Night Roamers, which is always free. I really hope that you enjoyed it! If not, well it’s one of the reasons that I make it free. You can quit and not move on to the next book in the series. Everyone’s tastes are different and I respect that.

Being an Indie author comes with many challenges, and the biggest one is advertising, which can be very expensive without the help of a big publisher. Because of this, we rely greatly on reviews and word of mouth, so if you’ve enjoyed this or any of my other books, I would be very grateful if you could leave a small one.  It means so much to a writer and gives them incentive to write more.
Thanks again for taking the time to read this book. Your support means everything 

Kristen

Unanswered Questions? 

There are some things that happened in Blur that I want to address, as many people have questioned the ‘instant’ romances that took place in the story. 
Normal?
 Eh, probably not. But that’s the beauty of writing fiction. Anything is possible. For example, the vampires in my story have a hypnotic (I use the term “Charm” in later books) quality about them. In other words, Nikki’s mother fell for Caleb quickly, because he’s a vampire. The Night Roamers have a special kind of… pheromone, I guess you could say. The same was the case for Nikki. When she met Ethan in the diner, the charming began and that’s why she became so enamored with him, and so fast. As far as Duncan goes… well that started out as an innocent crush, which happens all the time to teenaged girls. Would she have still jumped all over him in the truck if she hadn’t just been around Ethan? 
More than likely – No. 
She liked Duncan, but the pheromone or charm really messed with her hormones, thus, she just couldn’t help herself.
Anyway, I hope this cleared a couple of things up. Thanks again for reading and taking the chance on an Indie Author. 

Kristen Middleton
 


Enchanted Secrets
(Witches of Bayport)


By


Kristen Middleton

 

Copyright © 2013 by Kristen Middleton
Cover by Dreamscapecovers.com
Copyedited by Carolyn Pinard
carolynpinardconsults@gmail.com

 
This book is purely fiction. Any resemblances to names, characters, and places are coincidental. The reproduction of this work is forbidden without written consent from the author. 
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 
Prologue

Salem, Oregon – 25 Years Earlier

“Wake up, girls,” whispered mother, shaking her gently. “It’s time to leave.”
Adrianne’s eyes snapped open and she smiled with giddiness.
Awake? 
Who could sleep on a night like this? 
The truth was, she’d been lying there wide awake and restless for most of the night, ever since mother had promised to take her and Vivian to the Moonlight Dance. 
“Get dressed quickly,” she ordered. “Make sure Vivian gets moving, too. And, please, don’t either of you make a peep when you come downstairs.”
Adrianne turned to her sister, who was still sleeping soundly on their double-bed. “Wake up,” she whispered, squeezing her wrist. 
“Leave me alone,” moaned Vivian, slapping her hand away. “Can’t you see… I’m dreaming?”
“Viv, mom’s taking us to the Moonlight Dance, don’t you remember?” she prodded.
Vivian sucked in her breath and opened her eyes. “Oh. I almost forgot. Did mother tell you it was time?”
Adrianne stood up and stretched her arms. “Yes. She also said that we have to move quickly and… not wake father.”
Vivian, now fully awake and just as excited as Adrianne, threw away her comforter and scooted out of bed. “Well, what are you waiting for? We don’t want to keep mother waiting or she might change her mind.”
“Oh, Viv, I’m so excited!” gushed Adrianne, her blue eyes sparkling. “This is going to be the best night ever, I just know it.”
“Let’s hope so,” said Vivian. “I hate getting out of bed when the sun hasn’t yet risen.”
“I know me, too. But this will definitely be worth it.”
Both girls quickly removed their long cotton nightgowns and slipped into hooded robes made of crushed black velvet, with a red silk lining that felt cool against their bare skin. 
“This robe feels strange and almost… sinful,” said Adrianne. “I wonder if we should wear something underneath?”
Vivian shook her head. “No. Mother said not to wear anything. Not even our shoes.”
Adrianne sighed. “At least there won’t be any boys around. I’d simply die if one caught me dancing around with barely anything on.”
“Oh, I don’t know, I wouldn’t mind dancing for Eric McDermott, even if I was in the nude,” smiled Vivian wickedly. “He’s pretty cute.”
Adrianne’s face turned red. They were only seventeen years old and Vivian sometimes said the most outlandish things. “Oh, my gosh, you’d really do that?”
Vivian tossed her long, red hair over her shoulder and ran her fingers through a couple of snarls. “Just for a few seconds,” she said with a dark smile. “Then I’d turn him into a toad and toss him into the disgusting pond behind our house.”
“Girls!” boomed a stern voice inside both of their heads.
Mother.
“Quit dawdling, girls. It’s time to leave.”
Adrianne and Vivian both squealed with excitement, and then padded down the old wooden staircase in bare feet.
“Quiet now,” reminded mother, who held the front door open for them. 
“Sorry,” the girls whispered in unison as they brushed past her and stepped onto the cool wooden porch. 
“Freezing,” whispered Vivian, her breath visible in the brisk darkness. 
Mother sighed and carefully closed the door behind the girls without making a sound. “Now, follow me quickly,” she said, stepping off the porch and towards the back of the cabin where they were greeted by the crickets chirping away. Shivering, and not just from the brisk weather, she pulled the hood over her dark hair and glanced back towards the cabin one last time. Not seeing anything unusual, she released the breath she’d been holding and guided the girls towards the woods.
“This is so exciting,” gushed Adrianne, following her mother into the forest. “I feel like I’ve been waiting for this dance forever.”
“Forever has finally arrived, darling,” answered mother. “And I promise you, this will be a night you’ll always remember.”
“I’m so cold,” complained Vivian, her teeth chattering. “How far do we have to walk?”
“Actually, we’re almost there,” said mother, leading them towards a windy path that the girls had never seemed to notice before. “The fire will soon warm you.”
It was the end of October and the air was crisp with the promise of an early winter. Adrianne didn’t mind, however, she loved the snow. In fact, last winter she’d learned how to ice skate with her best friend, Rebecca, and they’d had so much fun laughing at each other as they’d slipped and fell on the ice. She wondered if she’d get to share this special occasion with her as well. As far as she knew, Rebecca had never been to the Moonlight Dance, either. “So, is Rebecca coming to this dance?”  
Mother shrugged. “I really don’t know. Just… please, remember not to talk about this with anyone at school or mention it to your father. He must never ever find out.”
Yes, they’d heard it a hundred times already. 
“But why?” asked Adrianne.
“Because, he just wouldn’t understand,” she replied softly. “You know how he is.”
The girls were silent as they moved deeper into the woods. Soon they were met with the smell of burning cinder and the sounds from a crackling fire. 
“Stop,” said mother. She raised her thin, black wand and pointed it towards a large clearing straight ahead. 
The girls watched in wonder as mother chanted a few words under her breath and the wand began to sparkle. Seconds later, the woods came to life. 
“Oh, I see them,” smiled Vivian, her eyes lighting up.
Where there had been nothing but dark trees and Evergreen bushes only moments before, now stood a roaring fire with several women congregating around it, all of them wearing the same matching black robes.
“Ah, Lisbeth,” said an older woman, stepping towards them with piercing brown eyes and thin lips. “You’ve finally brought the twins, and on this Hallow’s Eve when the moon is full… I don’t think you could have chosen a better night for their induction.”
Mother smiled proudly. “Yes, Meredith. It took some planning and patience, but I truly believe that they are ready for their initiation.”
“Very well then, let’s get everyone’s attention,” said Meredith. She then clapped her hands and the small crowd of women became silent.
“Excuse me,” mother said, motioning towards the older woman. She smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry, Meredith, let me just speak to the girls for a moment. Please?”
Meredith nodded. “Of course.”
“Come,” said mother as she took both of their hands and pulled them away from the group. When they were out of earshot range, she turned to them and squeezed their hands tightly. She took a deep breath. “Look, I know that I told you that this was just a dance, however, it is so much more. You see, it is part of a ritual that every woman in our family has participated in, from generation to generation.  Now, do not be frightened of the things you might hear or see this night, as I promise you, they won’t hurt you.” She looked at them and smiled proudly. “My lovelies, tonight you will be joining our coven circle and your powers… they will be magnified after this ceremony.”
Vivian’s eyes lit up. “Our powers will be stronger?”
Lisbeth smiled, her own eyes now glowing with excitement. “Oh yes, my dears. You are so special. Not only are you identical twins, but you are both my daughters, and there isn’t one witch here,” she said, glancing over their heads towards the others, “who is more powerful than me,” she said, lowering her voice to a whisper, “even the High Priestess, Meredith.”
“Lisbeth?” called Meredith. “It’s time. Bring the girls to the circle.”
The other witches had now formed a large circle around the fire and were watching the twins with an intensity that made Adrianne very nervous. She turned towards her mother to ask her what exactly was going to happen next, but the look on Lisbeth’s face hushed her. It was a look of pure happiness.   
“Come,” she said, smiling lovingly at her two girls as she pulled them towards the other ten women. 
Now the circle was complete with thirteen cloaked witches. Meredith smiled in satisfaction and then cleared her throat. “We are here to celebrate Samhain on this Hallow’s Eve. This is the time of beginnings and endings. We ask the blessings of the Wise Ones who guard the Portals of the World.” 
Adrianne listened half-heartedly to Meredith’s words as she rattled on about the wind and storms, but wondered when they’d actually get to dance around the fire and where the music would come from. She loved music and dancing, which their father never allowed in their house. He was a minister, and a very strict one at that.
When Meredith was finished with her incantations, she raised her hands up to the sky and asked everyone to remove their robes.
“Oh… but I can’t,” exclaimed Adrianne, her cheeks flaming. “I’ll be totally naked.”
Her mother sighed. “Everyone will be naked, honey. It’s okay. You’re among friends.” 
Then Adrianne watched with shock as all of the women removed their robes, including their mother. 
“Don’t be such a prude,” snorted Vivian as she discarded her own robe and stood proudly. “We’re obviously both very beautiful and have nothing to be ashamed of.” 
She bit her lower lip. “But…”
“You have to do this, Adrianne,” demanded Lisbeth in a tight voice. “It is part of the ritual.”
Adrianne felt confused and ashamed as she dropped her robe to the ground. She stared towards the fire, fighting an intense urge to cover herself with both hands.
Noticing her modesty, Meredith smiled in amusement and continued with the ceremony. “We will now ask Goddess Diana to accept her new children into our coven. Protect them and keep them safe from those who do not understand, from those who can only hate. Give them strength and power to defeat their enemies and heal their loved ones, whenever it is needed.”
Adrianne frowned. She knew she had special powers that she was supposed to keep from her father, but she also believed in God. Who was this Goddess Diana? Wasn’t it blasphemy to pray to her? This was all so confusing.
Sudden gunshots echoed in the darkness, startling everyone. Someone screamed in pain and Adrianne watched as all of the women began to scatter into other parts of the woods, their pale bodies glowing in the moonlight.
“Girls, follow me!” demanded Lisbeth, grabbing her robe. “Hurry!”
Vivian and Adrianne quickly snatched up their cloaks and followed their mother while more gunfire exploded all around them. Just when they reached the ravine that would lead them back towards the safety of their cabin, Adrianne felt intense wave of dread and she could barely breathe. It was then that her mother stopped and turned towards the girls, her face as pale as the moon.
“Mother? Why are you stopping?” asked Vivian, looking around nervously.
Lisbeth didn’t say anything¸ instead she crumbled to the ground. Both girls screamed in horror as blood began to spread across the top of their mother’s robe.
“Mother!” cried Adrianne, dropping to her knees beside Lisbeth. She touched her cheek and began to cry. “No!” 
“Devil worshipper!” growled their father as he sprang out of the woods with a shotgun clutched tightly in his hands. His dark eyes were filled with loathing as he stared at Lisbeth’s still body. “Now, Witch, you can spend eternity with him!”
Adrianne choked on her sobs as father raised his gun and aimed it at her this time.
“Daddy?!” she screamed.
He stared at her for a moment and then his eyes filled with tears. “I can’t… I just can’t, dear Lord,” he moaned, falling to his knees. He held out his arm. “Adrianne… will you repent child… and seek God’s forgiveness?”
Before Adrianne could respond, Vivian grabbed her wand, then closed her eyes and began to chant. It was then that Adrianne noticed the wand in her hand that was beginning to sparkle.
Mother’s wand.
“What in Heaven’s name are you doing, daughter?!” hollered their father, now raising the gun towards Vivian. “Put that down!”
Vivian stopped her chanting, pointed the wand towards their father, and whispered a single word. “Die.” 
His face turned white and then red. He dropped the gun and clutched his chest, staring at Vivian in anguish. “Viv, what have you done?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Die,” she repeated, this time with much more venom.
Adrianne screamed in horror and ran towards their father, who now lay writhing on the ground, howling in horrendous pain. She kneeled down and took his hand. “Stop it!” she yelled, staring up at her sister. “You’re killing him!”
Vivian smiled darkly. “That’s the point.”


 
Chapter One
(Now – 25 Years Later)
Bayport, Michigan


“Kendra, for the last time, wake up!” hollered my mother, who was now standing outside of the bedroom door, tapping her nails impatiently against the doorframe. 
“Fine,” I groaned, turning over. I looked at the clock – seven o’clock, and I only have twenty minutes to get ready. That was barely enough time to find clean underwear. 
My sister flounced into the room, dressed in her new pink skinny jeans and white lace top. She plopped down next to me on my bed and shook me. “Get up, lazy bones! Aren’t you excited? I just love the first day of school.”
Summer was officially over and both Kala and I were starting twelfth grade. She was excited and I was resigned to the fact I still had nine more months of school before my “Great Escape.” June couldn’t get here fast enough.
“Yay,” I mumbled, swinging my legs over the side of the bed. As always, she was a little too chipper for me to handle this early in the morning.
“So, what are you going to wear?” she asked, hopping off of the bed.
I yawned. “Um, clothes?”
Kala laughed and then started digging through our closet. She pulled out one of the new outfits my mom had chosen for me and held it out. Unlike both my mom and sister, I loathed shopping.  
“Here, you should wear this purple hoodie with your white cargo pants,” she said. “It’s super cute.”
I snorted. “Cute? Sure, on someone else.”
My sister frowned. “Don’t be so negative. It does look nice on you. In fact, if they would have had it in my size, I would have snatched it up in a heartbeat.”
Kala, my skinny twin sister, never had to worry about clothes. Being a twig, everything always looks awesome on her. 
“Fine, I’ll wear it,” I said, grabbing the outfit. I brushed past her to the small bathroom we shared and hoped I could still fit into the pants. Locking the door, I turned around and stared at my reflection in the mirror, wishing it was someone else – long brown hair, ghostly white skin, and blue eyes, which, actually… weren’t half bad. 
I sighed. Who was I kidding? Nobody even noticed my eyes with this double chin.
“Don’t forget, we only have fifteen minutes,” she called through the door. “I’ll be downstairs in the kitchen.”
Groaning, I quickly got ready, stuffing myself into the new clothes. When I finally got the zipper up, I stood sideways and groaned at the result. Although they were a size fourteen, they were much tighter than the last time I’d tried them on. Even the hoodie looked tight.
Crap.
Shuffling out of the bathroom, I grabbed a pair of sandals and looked longingly towards my soft bed, wishing I could just crawl back inside and veg out for the entire day. 
“Hurry up, Kendra!” bellowed my mother’s voice from downstairs.
“Hold your horses,” I mumbled, wondering if I could talk her into online schooling. 
God, that would be awesome.
Online, nobody would notice the thick roll of skin above my waistband or the way my legs jiggled when I moved too quickly. I’d be just another faceless student in pajamas, trying to finish up my senior year until I went to college, which to me, didn’t seem quite as daunting. I’d never heard of any bullying in college, just stories about all of the crazy drunken parties and an occasional date rape.
Eh, come to think about it, online college was starting to sound more interesting, too.
Sighing, I decided to run the online idea by my mom later and went downstairs to the kitchen. I crossed my fingers, hoping that she’d made her famous chocolate-chip pancakes for our first day of school. It was an annual tradition.
“You look… nice,” said my mom, who was a terrible liar. I could tell by the expression on her face that she also noticed the extra weight I’d put on in the last three weeks.
“We have to go,” said Kala, grabbing her new designer clutch purse and a flaxseed granola bar. We’d both turned eighteen last month and she’d used her birthday money for the ridiculously priced purse, which I thought was gaudier than all hell. But, because of the French name imbedded on the inside of the thing, which nobody even saw, it was a ‘must have’ among many of the girls at our school. “I’ll meet you outside.” 
“Take this,” said my mom, handing me one of the flaxseed bars as I stared the bagels on the counter. 
My eyebrows shot up. “Seriously, a flaxseed bar? This bird food isn’t going to fill me up,” I pouted. “Can’t I just have a bagel instead?”
She brushed a few strands of her jet-black hair behind her ears. “Sidney’s mom brought them over for the daycare kids and I don’t have enough. I’m sorry, honey. You know they’re loaded with carbs anyway,” she said, leaning over and kissing my cheek. She’s always trying to control my carb and fiber intake, which almost always leaves me hungry and unapproachable. It’s one of the reasons I keep a stash of candy bars under my bed. Fortunately, my sister doesn’t say anything about them. She’d rather let me eat than deal with my grumpiness from lack of sugar.
“Daycare kids,” I mumbled, scowling at the granola bar. “They eat better than I do.”
My mom runs a daycare in our home. Eight smelly little punks who’ve invaded our home and now there’s never any peace. Since my dad died earlier last year, though, it’s the only way my mom’s been able to afford the house payments. She blames it on lack of college, and that’s why she insists we both earn a degree.
“You eat very well, my dear,” she answered with a wry smile. “Now, you’d better get moving before you miss your bus.”
“Fine,” I said, walking towards the door. “But if I can’t concentrate this morning, it’s probably because I’m trying not to poop.”
She threw her head back and laughed. “What?”
“Yeah, mom… flaxseed… fiber… what are you trying to do to? Give me diarrhea?”
“Kendra, detoxifying your body is good for you!” she called as I shut the door behind me and stepped outside.
“Here it comes,” said Kala, who was applying more lipstick to her already glossy ones.  
The bus was just turning down our lane and we both rushed over to get to the bus stop across the street. 
Our neighbor, John Frances, smiled at me as I stopped next to the curb. “What’s wrong, out of breath?” He’s our age and a total jerk. I despise him with a passion.
“Shut up, tool,” snapped my sister, giving him a dirty look. 
One thing I could say about my Kala was that she never thought twice about defending me.  
I stabbed him viciously with my eyes and followed Kala onto the bus while everyone stared in shock at my sister. Kala never rode the bus. At least not last year, but that was because she’d been dating this superhot senior, Jamie Grant, who’d driven her to and from school every single day. Unfortunately, for Kala, he’d left for college two months ago and neither of us had our licenses yet, so it was the bus for the both of us.  
“Sit here, Kala!” yelled Brandi, my sister’s best friend.
Brandi was obviously still grounded from using her Mustang after sneaking out in the middle of the night last week. Apparently, she’d snuck to a concert that she’d been forbidden to go to, and her parents had busted her when she’d tried to get back into her window early the next morning. I didn’t feel sorry for her, however. Brandi was blond with the perfect body and all the guys at school wanted to get into her pants, which I think most of them already had. Kala said she was a complete nympho and didn’t hide that fact. In fact, she flaunted it with her short skirts and low-cut tops. The fact that my sister was friends with someone like that was a little unsettling, but I also knew that Kala held her virginity very sacred. More than once she’d told me she was saving it for Jamie, when he was finished with college and came back to put a ring on her finger. Only then would she let him go all the way with her. 
Personally, I thought Jamie, who looked and dressed like a glamorized Ken-doll, was gay, and had been ecstatic to have someone like her for his girlfriend. She’d told me that he’d never pressured her to do anything as far as sex, and they’d barely kissed. Most of their time together was spent shopping or going to movies, and I’m not talking drive-ins. She’d mentioned it once to him and he’d stared at her in horror, complaining that the humidity would make his hair droop.
Yeah, if he was straight then I was definitely winning the next “America’s Top Model” competition.    
Kala went to the back of the bus and flopped down next to Brandi while I sat towards the front, as far away as I could from the others. I wasn’t about to give anyone a chance to start teasing me during the first day of school. Last year had been bad enough. Apparently, being the pudgy sister of one of the most popular girls in school was hysterical to many. 
I stared out the window and sighed, wishing that I would have stuck with the diet my mom had tried to put me on during the summer. But just like all the others, I’d cheated and then had finally given up. It was a horrible feeling, but what was even worse was looking at my sister, and knowing that if I’d lost weight, I’d be more like her – beautiful, confident, and able to wear “skinny jeans.” Coincidently, most of my jeans already looked like “skinny jeans” on my thighs, but were supposed to be “relaxed fit.”
That’s why I hated to shop for clothes. Nothing fit like it was supposed to.
The bus made one last stop before it dropped us off at North Central High School, and we all stared at the person who stepped onboard. He was tall with longish, dark hair and a slender build. A fairly average looking guy, really, dressed in all black and wearing dark sunglasses. 
“Vampire,” somebody snickered from the back of the bus.
The “vampire” smirked and then stopped when he arrived at my seat. “Can I sit here?”
“Uh, sure,” I said, staring up at him in surprise. When he sat down, I noticed right away that he smelled like vanilla, which was kind of odd, especially for a guy. I didn’t mind, however, as it kind of reminded me of vanilla-bean ice cream or my mother’s homemade sugar cookies.
He removed his sunglasses. “Hi, I’m Tyler.”
“I’m Kendra,” I said turning my face towards him. 
“Nice to meet you.”
My breath caught in my throat as our eyes locked. His were the most amazing shade of green I’d ever seen. They were so deep and hypnotic, I couldn’t look away. In fact, I found it physically impossible to do anything but to try and stay afloat in those deep emerald pools. Just when I thought I was losing my mind, he turned his head and broke the spell.
“So, what grade are you in?” he asked, staring towards the front of the bus.
“Eleventh. I mean twelfth,” I answered in a breathless whisper, still confused at what had just happened.
“Me, too,” he said, smiling faintly.
I cleared my throat. “You’re new to Bayport?”
“Yeah, my mother and I just moved here.”
“Oh.”
Okay, so I was no expert at conversations, especially with boys. Most guys avoided me like the plague anyway, unless they were trying to get closer to my “superstar” of a sister. 
We didn’t say anything to each other for the rest of the bus ride. When it finally rolled into the parking lot at school and the door opened, he stood up and moved back, allowing me to get out. He then followed me off of the bus and stayed next to me as we entered the school. When we got to the office, he stopped abruptly, and for some reason, so did I.
“Well,” he said, replacing his sunglasses. “Maybe I’ll see you in class?”
“Uh, sure,” I said, still surprised that a cute guy like him was actually being nice to me. 
“Good,” he said, giving me a lazy smile that made my stomach flutter.

 
Chapter Two

My first class was “Homeroom” and I quickly sat down towards the back of the room. 
“Hey, Kendra,” said Amy, who I was semi-friends with. She sat down next to me and took off her eyeglasses, then proceeded to clean them with a small cloth.
“So, how was your summer?” I asked, relieved that I had at least one friend in Homeroom.
She plopped her glasses back on and smiled. “It was great! I went to band camp for a couple of weeks and learned some new songs.”
Amy plays the clarinet, and that’s all she talks about. I went over to her house one day last year after school, and she played “Somewhere Over the Rainbow” for me over and over. Now I can’t even sit through the “The Wizard of Oz” without wanting to throw the remote control at the television.
“Brenda!” squealed Amy, waving her hand in the air.
I also smiled at Brenda, who squeezed into the desk in front of me. Like me, she indulged in a little too much ice cream and pizza.
“Hi, guys,” smiled Brenda, flashing a set of shiny new braces. 
“Oh, wow,” said Amy. “When did you get those?”
Brenda blushed. “During the summer. I have to wear them for a couple of years.”
I nodded, smiling sheepishly. “I had my braces taken off last month. It was the highlight of the summer.”
“Oh, I forgot that you even wore braces,” said Amy, pushing her dark hair behind her ears. 
“That’s because nobody notices Kendra,” snickered Mark Davis, who was sitting a couple desks away, “unless she’s standing next to her hot sister with the perfect teeth.”
It was true, for some reason Kala hadn’t needed braces but my teeth had overlapped in the front so bad, I had to have them.
Some of the other kids laughed as he continued to mock me. I wanted to curl up into a ball and roll away. Instead, I looked down at my hands and wished that I could vaporize into thin air. I seriously hated Mark and all of his jock friends who picked on me whenever they were bored and wanted to look cool.
“Check out the new weirdo,” said Mark with an ugly smirk. He turned his body back towards the front of the class and folded his arms across his chest. “He looks like something out of a cheap horror movie.”
I looked up and my eyes locked with Tyler’s – rather, his dark sunglasses. He was standing at the front of the class and scanning the room for a place to sit. There was a desk next to mine that was vacant, and for some reason, I really wanted him in it.
“What? It’s too bright in here?” snorted Mark. “Nice shades, Dracula.”
Of course, his friends only fueled his stupidity by laughing. 
I glared at Mark, who was still chuckling at his own lame jokes, and wished I had the guts to tell him off; although, something in Tyler’s expression told me that he didn’t need any help from me.
Ignoring everyone else, Tyler removed his glasses and began walking towards me. Just when I thought he was going to sit at the desk next to mine, he took the seat behind me instead.
“Hey,” he said as I turned around.
“Hey,” I answered back, trying not to blush.
Some of the other girls in the classroom started checking him out, and soon were staring with glazed expressions, as if he was some kind of celebrity. I couldn’t blame them, however. Not only was he cute, but his eyes were beautiful, magnetic, and more than a little… unnerving.
When the bell rang, the teacher, Mr. Henry, passed out the school’s handbook and we spent a half hour going over each boring rule. No fighting, no swearing, no running, no guns, no tank tops, no pets, no gum, and last, but not least, no fun.  My head was spinning by the time class was over and I was almost afraid to breathe, in case that was also against school policy.
“Bring a book to read tomorrow morning if you don’t have homework,” called Mr. Henry as we all shuffled out of the classroom. 
I stepped into the hallway and started walking towards first period, which was my math class. I passed my sister along the way and she smiled at me.
“Is that your sister?” 
I turned to find Tyler walking next to me again and felt more butterflies tickling my stomach. “Uh, yes.”
“You must be twins?”  
I nodded. “Yeah, but we don’t look anything alike.”
He smiled. “That’s okay, being different is much more interesting.”
I stared at him, wondering if he was from another planet.
“I don’t know about that. Sometimes I’d rather be more like her,” I said. “She’s got it made and nobody gives her any crap.”
He smiled. “She probably doesn’t give anyone a chance to.”
My eyes narrowed. “Well, I certainly don’t let anyone give me crap, if that’s what you’re getting at.”
“I never said you did. I was merely suggesting that confidence goes a long way.” 
He had me there. Every time I saw myself next to my sister, my confidence went out the door.
“So, um, where are you going?” I asked, nearing my classroom.
“Math,” he answered. “We’re in the same class. I hope you don’t mind if I walk with you?”
How did he know what class I had next? 
I blushed. “No, of course you can walk with me.”
“Kendra has an admirer,” snorted Mark behind us.
Tyler turned to him and smiled. “What’s wrong, jealous because you don’t have any admirers?”
Admirers?
My jaw dropped. Not only had he hinted that he was my admirer, but he’d also stood up to Mark, who was on the wrestling team and had muscles on his muscles.
Mark dropped his books on the ground, and then shoved Tyler, hard. “Why would I be jealous of a cow and her hoser boy-toy?”
Tyler removed his sunglasses and stared at him while several students gathered around anxiously to see what would happen next.
“Apologize for being an idiot,” said Tyler evenly.
There were snickers and giggles from the crowd. Everyone knew Mark would go gangbusters on the new kid. What came next, however, surprised us all. The expression on Mark’s face went from smug to friendly, almost to the point of being nerdy. “I’m sorry for being an idiot,” he answered pleasantly.
“You’ll never bother Kendra again,” said Tyler.
“I will never bother Kendra again,” answered Mark, still smiling at me like a guy who’d just met the girl of his dreams.
“Leave,” said Tyler.
The next thing I knew, Mark turned around and began walking in the opposite direction.

 
Chapter Three



Stunned silence surrounded us as we all watched Mark walk away without hesitation.
This definitely had to be a dream, I thought. No way would this happen in real life.
“Disburse,” mumbled Tyler. Then everyone suddenly came to life and scattered. 
I watched in awe as Tyler put his sunglasses back on. “Uh, how did you do that?”
He smiled. “Let’s just say, when I talk, people listen.”
“Are you some kind of vampire or something?” I blurted out, the hair on the back of my neck standing straight up. 
Tyler chuckled and shook his head. “No, I wouldn’t be walking around during the day, now would I?”
“I don’t know. That popular movie with the vampires and werewolves competing for the girl, all of those guys did just fine in the daylight.”
He smiled. “That’s fiction, Kendra. I can assure you that if I was a real vampire, I’d disintegrate as soon as my skin was exposed to the sun.”
He was so matter-of-fact that I was afraid to ask him any more questions. Either he was completely bonkers, or I was. Or, it really was just one big, fat, crazy-assed dream.
Sighing to myself, I muddled these things through my mind as we walked into our math class and sat across from each other.
“My name is Ms. Byrd,” said the teacher after calling the attendance. “I take this class very seriously, so there will be no talking when I’m talking, no passing notes around, and absolutely no cell phones allowed. If you have one, and I see it out of your pocket or purse, I will keep it until the end of the day.”
This really irritated some of the other students who normally couldn’t keep their hands off of their phones. It did nothing for me, however, as I didn’t have a cell phone; my mom wouldn’t even allow them in the house, which really sucked being a senior in high school. 
“Also, no sunglasses,” remarked Ms. Byrd, staring directly at Tyler.
He slipped them off, and I held my breath. When his eyes were exposed, the teacher paused for a moment, clearly unprepared for such an intense unveiling.
I smiled. It was really starting to amuse me – everyone’s reaction to Tyler’s piercing green eyes. It also took any unwanted attention off of me.
“Um, well then,” she said, clearing her throat after regaining her composure. “Everyone, open your math books to page five.”
During class, I noticed the teacher staring at Tyler curiously when she didn’t think anyone was paying much attention. I also sensed, without a doubt, that he was very much aware of her interest.
When class was over, Tyler sprang out of his seat and took off without a second glance.
Sighing, I grabbed my stuff and followed the other students out the door, wondering if Tyler was actually going back to his home planet. The idea of him being an alien wasn’t too far off the grid, especially with that mind control thing of his.
“Hey,” said Tyler when I stepped out of the classroom. 
I was surprised and slightly giddy to find him waiting for me in the hallway. His sunglasses were back and the warm vanilla scent engulfed me once again.
“Hey,” I answered, biting my lip to keep from smiling like a dope.
Just then, Ms. Byrd stepped out of the classroom and looked like she was about to approach us, which for some reason, didn’t seem to sit very well with him.
“Well,” he said with a hint of irritation. “See you in English class.” 
“Uh, okay,” I said, as he took off, obviously trying to avoid Ms. Byrd.
I glanced at the teacher and wondered why she’d freaked him out so much. She gave me a polite smile and then stepped back into the classroom without saying a word. 
And how did he know we shared an English class at the end of the day? 
I began to wonder if he’d somehow gotten ahold of my schedule.
“Is that your boyfriend?” asked Amy breathlessly. She’d been in the classroom, too, and had stared at Tyler for most of the hour.
I shook my head. “No, I just met him today.” 
“He’s a little different, but… so cute,” gushed Amy with a dreamy expression on her face as she walked away.
My next period was a health class and I had to sit at a table with three other students. I’d heard that we’d be starting a cooking series, and although I’d been really excited about it during the summer, when I saw who I was grouped with, my enthusiasm quickly died.
“Hi, Kendra,” smiled Hailey Bates. She was also one of the most popular students in the eleventh grade as well as being one of the nastiest girls you could ever meet. Her cruelty to the other students was legendary.  
“Hi,” I said, praying she’d leave me alone.  
When the other two students turned out to be two of her friends and basically just as evil, I wanted to shrivel up and float away. The class which had sounded so promising was quickly taking a nosedive.
“This must be your favorite class,” remarked Hailey with a sly smile. “You get to cook and eat. Looks like you did a lot of that last summer.”
The other girls started giggling but I ignored her, and instead stared at the teacher, who was beginning to take attendance.
During class we learned about the importance of using measuring scales for insuring a healthy, balanced diet.
“Obviously Kendra doesn’t measure,” whispered Hailey loud enough for me to hear. 
The two other girls giggled again.
This time she really got to me and I don’t even know why. 
“Oh, someone’s going to cry,” she whispered, a triumphant look on her face.
My eyes burned as I tried to hold back the tears and I raised my hand to escape to the bathroom.
“Are you okay?” asked Miss Barnes, who seemed genuinely concerned.  
I nodded without meeting her eyes but fortunately, she let me go.
The girl’s bathroom appeared empty when I slammed through the door. I hurried into a stall and let myself go.
“Um, are you okay?” asked a soft voice in the next stall, surprising the crap out of me.
I cleared my throat. “Oh, I’m fine.”
I wiped my face with a tissue and then flushed the toilet, trying to compose myself. When I opened the door and walked to the faucet to wash my hands, the girl from the next stall stepped out and our eyes met in the mirror. Her blond hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and she was dressed in track pants and a hot pink T-shirt. She was also a heavier-set girl, like me.
“Hi,” she said. “I’m Julie.”
Embarrassed that I was caught crying, I smiled sheepishly. “I’m Kendra, sorry about the tears.”
She snorted. “Are you kidding? It’s not a big deal at all.”
Although I’d never actually talked to her, I’d seen her in the halls laughing with her friends. She usually hung out with the brainiacs in the school and I’d heard she had the I.Q. of a genius.   
“Still,” I mumbled.
“Listen,” she said, fumbling in her purse. “Everyone has their moments.”  
I nodded and watched as she applied some Chaptstick to her lips. “Maybe. I seem to have a lot these days and Hailey Bates isn’t making it easier.”
“Hailey?” she said. “Eh, don’t let her get to you. She’s going to have a rude awakening after she graduates, and someday, she’ll regret being such a bitch to everyone.”
“That’s nine months away and I have her in my class for at least one semester,” I mumbled, looking at my reflection in the mirror. “Sometimes I wish I could just drop out of school and be done with it.”
“Don’t,” said Julie. “I know it sucks, but you can’t let people like her win.”
“They win no matter what,” I said. “Popular girls are thin and pretty. They have nothing to worry about.”
She turned to me. “Well, you can always lose weight but they’ll still be ugly inside.”
“I’ve tried and it hasn’t helped me do anything but gain more weight from being depressed after I’ve failed.”
“Well, don’t give up. I lost twenty pounds last summer and I only have thirty more to go,” she said with a proud smile. “It’s hard work and takes a lot of willpower, but my old baggy jeans are proof that, yes, it can be done.”
“I wish I had your willpower.”
She sighed and wrote down something on a piece of paper. “You’re standing in your own way of losing weight with that attitude. Look, here’s my phone number. If you want a diet buddy to motivate you, give me a call.” Then she handed me her phone number.
It was nice of her to offer, but I doubted that I’d ever call her. “Oh, well thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” she answered with a smile. Then she grabbed her purse and left.
I stared at myself in the mirror again, and sighed. She was obviously right – I wanted to lose weight, but was putting up my own roadblocks. I just didn’t know how to knock them down. 

 
Chapter Four



During lunch I nonchalantly looked around for Tyler, but didn’t see him anywhere in the cafeteria. 
“Hey, sis,” smiled Kala. She was sitting with the popular crowd when I walked by her table. “Want to sit with us?”
The other girls froze and stared at me in horror after that invitation. My sister didn’t seem to notice, though, she just stared at me curiously.
I shook my head. “No, thanks,” I said, hurrying away.
“Hey, Kendra,” said Megan Fisher when I was about to walk past her table. She was sitting with three other girls, and all of them were dressed in black. 
“Hi,” I said, stopping next to them.
All four girls had a reputation for being a little strange. In fact, there were rumors that they practiced witchcraft and so almost everyone kept their distance.
“Saw you with that cute guy, the one with the sunglasses, today in the hall. When Mark was blowing smoke out of his pie-hole, again,” said Megan. 
I sighed. “Yes, as always he was being a total jerk.”
“So what’s with you and the new guy? Are you two seeing each other?”
I shook my head vehemently. “No, we were just walking to class together.”
Megan looked at her friends and smiled. “Interesting. I might have to get to know that tall drink of water. Um, you don’t mind, do you, Kendra?”
I shrugged. “No, why would I mind?”
“I just don’t want to step on anyone’s toes.”
“You wouldn’t be stepping on mine, don’t worry.” Although I had to admit, I did feel a spark of jealously.
“So, I’m having a get-together at my house after school. Would you be interested?” asked Megan in a low voice.
The fact that she was asking me over shocked me. Megan only lived a block away and we used to play together in the neighborhood when we were really young, but that had been years ago. Plus, I’d never seen the inside of her house. She was a nice girl, though, and I could always use new friends.  “Maybe. I’ll have to check with my mom when I get home. She may already have plans for me.”
She smiled warmly. “Okay, I really hope you can make it.”
Amy and Brenda were sitting together at a table in the back and they waved to me. I excused myself and walked over. I plunked down next to Amy and smiled. “Hey, guys.”
“Hi. So what were the witches talking to you about?” asked Amy.
I smiled. “Come on, they’re not witches.”
“Maybe not, but they’re still pretty creepy,” said Brenda.
I glanced back over to Megan’s table and none of them were talking to each other. In fact, they were all staring at me, which I had to admit, did kind of gave me the creeps.
“Okay, so they’re a little different,” I admitted. “Um, they invited me over to Megan’s house after school.”
Amy’s jaw dropped. “Are you going to do it?”
I shrugged. “Maybe.”
“You can’t go over there,” whispered Brenda. “I heard that Megan’s mother is a real witch and has placed hexes on people.”
“Oh, for Heaven’s sake,” I snorted. “There is no such thing as real witches.”
Amy frowned. “Don’t be naïve, Kendra. This whole town has a history of women performing witchcraft.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Really?” We’d only lived in Bayport my entire life and I’d never heard anything about adults studying witchcraft in town.
Amy nodded. “Yeah, if you look up the town’s history you’ll find several articles written about the ‘Witches of Bayport’.” 
Brenda leaned forward. “I actually did a report last year on them. Many of the witches moved from Salem in the late sixteen hundreds to Bayport, Michigan to escape the persecutions. Entire families of witches moved here.”
“So you’re saying that many of the people living in this town are descendants of witches and warlocks?” I asked, smiling.
“Something like that. But most of them gave up their practices over time,” said Brenda.
“Probably because they finally realized they didn’t have any real magical powers,” said Amy. 
“Well, I have to admit, it is kind of interesting,” I said. “I guess it also explains why Megan and her friends are so into witchcraft. It’s just too bad they waste so much time on something that won’t do them any good,” I said. 
“Not to change the subject or anything,” said Amy. “But where’s that cute guy you were walking with earlier, um… Tyler?”
My cheeks grew warm. “I don’t know, probably trying to stay as far away from me as possible, now that he’s been in the school for half the day.”
“I saw him in the hall earlier,” said Brenda. “He was arguing with some girl.”
Now that was surprising. 
“Really? He never mentioned anything about knowing anyone here,” I said.
“Maybe he’s making some enemies already,” said Brenda.
“Well, he did almost get into a fight with Mark Davis,” I said. “But Mark backed down.”
“I heard about that,” said Amy. “Mark actually walked away from a fight. That is totally weird.”
I nodded, still wondering about the girl Tyler was arguing with. Maybe he had a girlfriend? He’d just moved into the city but that didn’t mean he hadn’t met anyone over the summer. I wasn’t sure what to make of that, and although it was kind of a bummer, it really wasn’t any of my business. He was just a guy who’d been nice to me. So what if he had amazing green eyes and smelled like cake? He was different and it was still cool.
I had two more classes before last period, and they dragged on. The truth was that I couldn’t wait for last period to see Tyler again. At the end of the day, I hurried to English class and watched the door, hoping he’d sit near me again. When the bell rang and he didn’t even show up for class, I seriously bummed out.
“No homework yet,” warned the teacher, Mr. Kemp, when the bell rang at the end of the day. “But next week I’ll have plenty lined up for you, so be ready.”
I passed by my sister on the way to the bus and she pulled me aside. 
“I’m catching a ride with Mark Davis,” she said. “We’re going to the library first and then he’s going to bring me home.”
I stared at her in horror. “Mark Davis?”  
She smiled. “I know, right? Mark is so cute. I can’t believe he’s even interested in me.”
My sister obviously wasn’t even aware of how pretty she was. And as far as I was concerned, Mark was a real tool; even if he’d apologized for being a jerk earlier.
“He’s only cute if you like assholes who like to torment people,” I snapped.
“Seriously? He was super sweet in History class today. To everyone, even Bonnie Hanson.”
That was a surprise, considering he used to pick on her all the time because of her height. She was less than five-feet tall and he used to rip on her all the time. Another reason why I hated him with a passion.
“Fine. Well, have fun,” I said, walking away before I missed the bus and she talked him into giving me a ride too. 
I got on the bus and was turning on my iPod, when someone sat down in front of me. 
“Hey,” said Tyler, sitting sideways so he could talk to me. As usual, he wore his shades.
“Hi,” I said, removing my earphones. “You missed a very boring class last period.”
Tyler smiled. “I actually like English, if you can believe it.”
I wanted to ask him why he’d missed it then, but I didn’t want him to think I was nosy. 
“So, what are you doing after school?” he asked.
I raised my eyebrows – I’d never been asked that question from a guy. “I um, I don’t know, why?” 
He smiled. “You should stop by my mom’s shop. She just opened it last week and there are some pretty cool things in there.”
“Your mom owns her own store? What kind?”
He removed his sunglasses and his hypnotic eyes caught me off guard once again. “It’s called ‘Secrets’ and it’s filled with the wonders of the universe.”
I stared in awe at his eyes, wondering if he wore some kind of colored contacts. “Wonders of the universe?”  
He threw his head back and laughed. “No, I’m just messing with you. She sells aromatherapy, incense, oils, and a bunch of other stuff.”
“Oh,” I answered. “Well, that kind of sounds… interesting.”
He nodded and put his sunglasses back on. “There’s something for everyone. My mother has traveled the world to fill her store with all kinds of odds and ends. Anyway, you should stop by. It’s right on Main Street.”
I’d remembered seeing the new sign on one of the storefront windows. It was within walking distance from my house and I didn’t think my mom would have a problem with it. If anything, she’d be happy I was getting outside to walk. 
“I’ll see if I can stop by later today,” I said, unable to wipe the smile from my face. I couldn’t help but feel a little nervous and totally excited at the same time. 
The bus stopped at his stop and he stood up. “Sounds good. I’ll be there all night. See you later, Kendra.”

 
Chapter Five




“Where’s your sister?” asked my mom the moment I walked through the door by myself.
“Oh, she’s with this poser named Mark Davis.”
“Stop running in the house,” ordered my mom as two little girls chased each other out of the kitchen. 
“Mom, I’m going into town. There’s this new shop I want to check out,” I said quickly.
My mom cocked an eyebrow. “You want to check out a new shop… interesting. What is it – a new bookstore?”
I loved reading books and that was usually the only type of store I visited without being dragged, kicking and screaming.
“I suppose there could be books there. It’s called ‘Secrets’ and it’s on Main Street.”
My mom nodded. “Yes, I remember seeing it when I drove home from the market the other day. I’m not sure what they sell, but when you find out, let me know.”
I nodded. “Okay, see you later.”
“Whoa…you’re not leaving yet, my dear,” she said. “Make your bed first.”
“Fine,” I groaned, turning away.
“Hey, Kendra?”
“Yeah?”
“You never told me how your first day of school went.”
I shrugged. “It was okay.”
“Okay? Well I guess that’s a whole lot better than last year’s answer of, ‘it sucked’.”
I smiled. “Last year really did suck, mom.”
She chuckled. “So… what time is this poser bringing your sister home?” 
“Later,” I called, leaving the kitchen.
“Great, that tells me a lot…” 
I ran upstairs to my bedroom and threw my bed together as quickly as possible.  
“Kendra!” called my mother as I was about to walk out the door, fifteen minutes later.
“What?”
She walked over to me and handed me a bagel. “Here, I saved this for you.”
It was a little stale and I’d lost my appetite, but I smiled anyway. “Thanks.”
“Oh, I almost forgot.” She reached into her pocket and handed me ten dollars. “Just in case you find something you like.”
“Thanks, mom.”
She kissed my forehead. “Hurry back and let me know all about the store. I’d come with you, but these parents won’t be back until suppertime.”
My mom was a shopaholic. If she could have found someone to watch all eight kids, I’m sure she would have come with me.
“I will,” I said, walking out the front door.
It didn’t take me long to walk into town and find Secrets, which had actually been a tobacco shop before. As I approached the building, I noticed that it had been freshly painted from its original mustard-yellow color to a bright white with purple shutters. In front of the shop was a mixture of exotic flowers planted in a large black pot that almost looked like a witch’s cauldron, which I thought was pretty cool.
“Calm down, idiot,” I mumbled to myself as my heart began to race. “He just invited you to check out his mom’s store. He’s much too cute to be interested in someone like you.”
Taking a deep breath, I pushed through the entrance and into the dimly-lit store. It was cool inside and smelled strongly like vanilla incense, which made perfect sense.
“Welcome,” said the woman behind the counter. She was tall with long, brownish-red hair and a friendly smile.
“Thanks,” I said softly, stuffing my hands into my hoodie pockets.
I gazed around the store and noticed there were only a couple of other people inside, one of them old Mrs. Buchaard, who was in her seventies and a little creepy. She’d never seemed to like children much and had always kept to herself. Some of the kids in my neighborhood used to claim she was an old witch. I didn’t really know one way or another and didn’t really care. 
“Is there something I can help you find?” asked the woman. 
“Um, no,” I said, walking towards some dragon figurines. “I’m just looking around.”
She smiled warmly. “Well, if you need help, don’t be afraid to ask.”
I nodded and started wandering through the aisles. The shop wasn’t anything like I’d expected. There were large bookshelves and glass cases throughout that held everything from candles and colorful crystals to books that appeared to be hundreds of years old. It almost felt like an antique shop, without the usual junk.  
“I have some lovely handmade jewelry in the front of the store,” said the storeowner, suddenly standing next to me. She smiled again and I knew at once where Tyler had gotten his vibrant green eyes, although hers weren’t quite as penetrating. “That is, if you’re interested.”
“I’ll help her, mom,” stated Tyler, coming out of the backroom wearing a different pair of dark sunglasses this time. In this dimly-lit store, I wondered how he could even see anything.
His mother studied me closely for a minute then went back behind the counter. “Okay, have fun.”
“Hi,” he said, standing over me. He seemed taller and even more mysterious in the shadows of the store. 
I licked my lips. “Hi.”
“Find anything interesting that you just have to have?” he asked.
Besides him? 
I just smiled. “I don’t know, I really just got here.”
Then he surprised me by grabbing my hand. “I’ll show you around.”
My heart was doing flip-flops in my chest at the feel of my hand in his warm one. I cleared my throat and grinned like an idiot. “Okay.”
“So tell me, do you believe in witchcraft?” asked Tyler as he pulled me towards the back of the store.

 
Chapter Six


I stopped I my tracks and laughed. “Witchcraft? Like in casting spells and stuff? Let me think about that. Um… no.”
“Why not?” he asked, a serious expression on his face. 
I snatched my hand back. “Not you, too? Listen, witches aren’t real and either is magic, so quit teasing me.”
A slow smile spread across his face and he removed his glasses. “Everything is real, Kendra. It’s what you believe in that brings it to life or lays it to rest.”
His eyes were hypnotizing me again. “What are you doing to me?” I asked hoarsely. “Your eyes…”
“Oh, sorry,” he answered, replacing his glasses. 
I took a step backwards, feeling the hair stand up on the back of my neck. “Maybe I should just go.”
He grabbed my left hand again and gave me a sheepish grin. “No, not yet, please. I have some really cool things to show you.”
How could anyone resist that smile? 
I nodded. “Well, alright.”
He let out a sigh of relief. “Cool. Okay, this way,” he said, pulling me towards the door to the backroom. “Back here is where the magic begins,” he said all mysteriously.
My eyes widened in surprise when we entered another dimly-lit room. This massive area was closed off to the public but it had to be twice the size of the regular store, which seemed impossible. My eyes gazed around the room, which was filled with hundreds of different boxes and containers, in different stages of being unpacked.
“Oh,” I said as a white cat pressed herself against my legs, purring. “Who is this?”
“That’s Sicely,” smiled Tyler. “She’s my mother’s cat.”
“She’s adorable,” I said, petting her soft fur.
“Believe me, she knows it,” he said.
The cat meowed and took off.
“We used to have a cat, but she disappeared last year,” I said softly. My mother had cried for days.
“Sorry,” he said.
“His name was Salem and mom had him for years. He was a little testy, but we still loved him.”
“Cats are pretty cool. Um, sorry it’s such a mess back here,” he said, swatting at some cobwebs. “I’ve been trying to help her unpack everything, but as you can see, it’s a lot of work.”
“How can you have such a large warehouse back here?” I murmured looking around in wonder. “The shop doesn’t seem this big on the outside.”
His lips twisted into a sardonic grin. “Don’t ever be deceived by what’s on the outside.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, yeah…I know, “Looks are deceiving.”
“More than you could ever imagine.”
“You’re so dramatic,” I stated, walking around the room. “I keep waiting for a sinister laugh from out of nowhere, or a loud clap of thunder whenever you hit me with your idioms.”
He burst out laughing. “Sorry, I drive my mom crazy, too.”
Tyler was definitely an odd character. But he was also super cute and nice to me, so I didn’t really care about his silly quirks. 
“So, what did you want to show me?” I asked, trailing my finger along a dusty old book about crystals.
“Well, I was looking for it when you arrived but still haven’t located it yet,” he answered, pulling down a box from a metal storage shelf.
“Oh,” I said, lifting up something that looked almost like a magic wand. “So, your mom collects some pretty interesting stuff.” I began waving the stick around.
“No!” shouted Tyler, lifting is hands in the air. “Put that down, please, very slowly.”
I giggled. “What? Am I going to conjure up something or make you suddenly disappear?”
He stepped towards me with a stern expression. “Give it here.”
When I handed it to him, he let out ragged breath, then put it away in a glass case and locked it.
I stared at him in amusement. “You’re kind of serious about this stuff, aren’t you?” 
His look was pensive. “You… have no idea.”
“Oh, this is cool,” I said, picking up an ornately designed owl. “I kind of like the stuff your mom’s selling. It’s really different.”
He smiled and then grabbed another box. “There are a lot of cool things, just don’t touch them unless you check with me first. I don’t want you getting hurt.”
I shrugged. “Fine.”
“Is everything okay back here?” called his mother from the doorway.
“Oh, mom, I almost forgot, let me introduce you. This is Kendra.”
“Hi, Kendra,” smiled his mother. “My name is Rebecca.”
“Hi,” I answered. “I love the interesting things you have here.” 
“There are some great finds back here. Just be very careful how you handle them,” she answered. “Some of these items can be dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing.”
I looked at Tyler. “Yes, I’ve already been warned.”
“I’m watching her,” said Tyler.
She smiled wryly. “You be careful, too, young man.”
He snorted. “You don’t have to worry about me.”
The bells at the front entrance jingled and Rebecca excused herself.
“Your mom is very pretty,” I said to Tyler.
“Yeah,” he mumbled. “It gets her into trouble sometimes.”
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“Let’s just say she receives a lot of unwanted attention. And that’s the last thing she needs, right now.”
I snorted. “Why, is she running away from someone?”
He froze and turned to me, his expression unreadable. “What makes you ask that?”
I smiled. “Sorry, I was only joking. Lighten up.”  
He opened his mouth to say something but then seemed to change his mind.
“So,” I said. “I’d better not stay too long. I can come by tomorrow if you still haven’t found the thing you wanted to show me.”
He crouched down and opened up another box. “To tell you the truth,” he said, looking up at me, “it might take me awhile to find it in this mess.”
I looked around. “I can imagine.”
He stood up. “Here, I’ll walk you out.”
“Okay.” 
As I turned to walk away, I almost tripped over one of the open boxes. I knelt down and picked it up. “You might want to find a better spot for this box; it looks like you have some breakables here.”
“Okay.”
I glanced inside and noticed several colorful bottles with labels. I smiled as I read some of the bottles. “Oh, what are these? Magic potions?” 
He moved beside me and picked up one of the bottles. “Promotes hair growth,” he said, staring at the label.
I noticed a purple bottle labeled “Promotes Thinness”, and grabbed it. “Wow, I wonder if your mom would sell me this.”
He sighed. “You don’t need that,” he said. “You look good. These potions are too dangerous to mess around with anyway.”
I laughed. “Magic potions? You really think these are magic?”
“Let’s just say, I know they work. At least the ones I’ve used.”
“Oh,” I said, trying to hide my smile. “Which ones did you try?”
He grabbed a brown bottle and showed it to me. “See, this one kills trolls.”
“So, are trying to tell me that you killed a troll?” I laughed.
He stood up straighter. “No, I killed three, in fact.”
His expression was so serious that I began to wonder if he was a little too caught up in all of this witchcraft nonsense.
I took a step backwards. “Well, I suppose I’d better go.”
He removed his sunglasses. “I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t frighten you.”
“No.”
But he was definitely starting to freak me out.
“I’m just saying these little bottles work, and some of them are very dangerous. My mom will be the first to tell you.”
“Well, if a little bottle like this can help me get thinner, it’s worth checking out,” I said, deciding to humor him and his belief about potions. I grabbed the purple bottle again.
He grabbed my wrist.  “Seriously, Kendra… you don’t need that bottle. It might actually make you too thin. Besides, you look perfectly fine the way that you are.”
I was flattered that he thought I looked “fine”, but the threat of looking too thin wasn’t helping his case one bit. I smiled and pinched my fingers together. “Listen, I’ll just try a little.” 
He frowned. “Don’t play with these things, Kendra. They can be very dangerous. You heard what my mom said.”
“Well, let’s just go talk to her then,” I answered, turning towards the exit leading to the shop. He followed me as I walked through the main store and towards the register, where his mother stood reading some kind of book about “enchantments.”
“Hey, mom.”
“Hi,” she said, putting the large book down. She looked at the bottle in my hand. “Did you find something that interests you, honey?”
“Yeah, I found this bottle and was wondering how much you’d sell it for?” I asked, holding it up.
She looked at the bottle and her face darkened. “Tyler,” she said, turning towards him, “where did you find this?”
“It was in a box on the floor.” His lips thinned. “Kendra actually found it.”
Rebecca turned to me. “This potion isn’t something to mess around with, young lady. It can get you into big trouble if not handled properly.”
I smiled. “Okay, I’ll be extra careful, I promise. Is it for sale?”
She sighed. “Although something tells me I’m going to regret this, I will sell it to you, but only if you promise to follow the directions exactly. We don’t want you losing too much weight.”
I nodded vehemently. I still didn’t believe a small bottle of liquid would really make me thin, but I was really getting caught up in her sales technique. She was pretty darn good.
“I promise. I will follow your directions to a tee.”
She stared into my eyes for a few seconds. “Okay, I’ll write them down. If you have any… complications with the potion, though, call me immediately.”
“What do you mean by complications?” I asked.
“Well, something more than the typical side effects. Tyler, could you go help that customer over there?” she said, pointing towards a young girl looking at charms.
“Sure,” he said, leaving the counter.
I narrowed my eyes. “What kinds of side effects are typical?” 
“Upset stomach, headaches, heartburn. Those are typical. But if there is anything else, call me.”
“Okay, how much?”
“Well, how much do you have?” she asked. 
I laughed. “Well, I have ten dollars.”
“That’s how much it is,” she answered, holding out her hand.
I pulled out the money my mother had given me and she rang up the sale. She then wrapped the bottle in tissue paper and stared at me with concern. “I’m not sure why you want to do this; you’re a lovely young girl.”
I lowered my voice. “No offense, but you’re thin and probably don’t understand what it’s like when you look like me.”
Her eyes softened. “Listen, Kendra, you are a very pretty girl and I seriously don’t think you need to lose weight,” she said. 
“Thank you, but I’m getting really tired of being teased at school about my weight,” I whispered. “And if this bottle can help me, even a little…”
She sighed and pulled out a pen and paper. “Okay, fine. Kids are cruel, I get that. Just, follow these directions,” she replied, writing them down. “And don’t take any more than what this says.”
“I will and… thanks.”
She folded the up the directions and slid it into the bag. “You’re welcome. Just remember to be very careful.”
I nodded. “I will.”
Smiling, she handed me the potion. “Well, it was nice meeting you. I hope you’ll stop by after you’ve taken the potion, so I can see the results.”
“I will, thanks,” I said, feeling giddy. 
Just then another customer looking at old books motioned for Rebecca. “Oh, I gotta go. Call the store if you need me for anything,” she said, squeezing my shoulder as she walked away. 
“Goodbye.”  
I waved to Tyler, who was still assisting the young girl, who was now gazing at him like he was some kind of celebrity. He excused himself and walked back over to me while she watched him with open adoration.
“Looks like you’ve made an admirer,” I teased.
He turned back towards the girl, who blushed and looked away. He smiled and then turned to me. “So, my mom cautioned you about the potion?”
“Yeah and I’ll be fine.”
Sighing, he walked me to the door. “You know, I really wish you’d just believe it when I say you don’t need to change. You look great now.”
My cheeks turned crimson, all this talk about my weight was beginning to make me uncomfortable. “Um, well thanks. I guess I’d better get going. So, see you on the bus?”  
He nodded. “Sure, see you tomorrow.”
Who knows, maybe you’ll see less of me by then, I thought with a little smile.
As I walked out of the store, I had this crazy feeling that I was being watched. I stopped and looked around, but didn’t notice anyone paying me any mind.
“Enchanter,” whispered a gentle breeze against my ear.
I turned towards the sound of the voice, but found myself still alone on the sidewalk.  
“Witchhh…” the voice hissed into my other ear.  
Okay, I’m going crazy, I thought, twisting back around again.
Nobody.
With my heart hammering in my chest, I clutched my bag tightly and hurried away.

 
Chapter Seven



I didn’t slow down until I was about two blocks from home and I heard someone call my name.
I groaned.
Megan.
I’d forgotten all about her invitation.
She was sitting on her porch, drinking what appeared to be tall glass of lemonade. She smiled and waved me over.
“Hi. Where are the other girls?” I asked, climbing the old wooden steps.
“Oh, they left a while ago.”
“Look, I’m sorry I’m late,” I said. “I stopped by that new shop on Main Street, ‘Secrets’, and lost track of time.”
 “Oh, I totally understand. I’ve been there; it has some really cool things.”
I nodded. 
“You didn’t happen to see Tyler there, did you?”
“Yes, actually, his mother owns that shop.”
“Fascinating,” she said, twirling a long black strand of hair around her finger. With her large chocolate eyes and perfect cheekbones, I knew I wouldn’t have much of a chance against someone as pretty as her if she was setting her sights on Tyler.
“Um, so I only have a little while,” I said, wanting to get off the subject of Tyler.
“Come on then,” she said, waving me inside of her house, which, honestly, looked like it had been built in the eighteen hundreds and hadn’t been painted or fixed up since then, either. It was kind of creepy-looking and I knew that some of the younger children in the neighborhood were frightened of it, saying that it looked haunted. To me, it just looked old and worn.
“You have a massive home,” I said as we walked inside. 
She smiled. “Yeah. We inherited this monstrosity from my grandmother. You can get lost inside of this place if you’re not careful.”
“I bet,” I said. The house had to be over four thousand square feet. “You must have had fun playing hide-and-seek here as a child.”
Her eyes lit up. “Yeah, oh, my God, it was a blast! My cousins and I would hide and sometimes it would take over an hour to find someone.”
I smiled. “Cool.”
We walked through several candlelit rooms and I noticed that most of the furniture was covered with sheets, which I thought was kind of odd, since they were living in the house.
“It keeps the dust off,” she remarked, noticing my confusion.
“Oh.”
“You know, it’s just me and my mother, unless we have guests, then she takes the sheets off.”
“You don’t have to explain anything to me,” I said. “A big house like this, I totally understand.”
“Yeah, it’s a bitch to clean, too, especially that room,” she said as we passed a small, cluttered library. “Thankfully I’m only responsible for my bedroom.”
“This place is so big, it would take forever to dust and polish all of these floors,” I stated, noticing that most of it was hardwood. 
“Watch where you’re walking,” said Megan, as two cats raced by, chasing each other. “My mother has ten cats running around here somewhere.”
“Hi there,” I said to a tabby who’d brushed up against my leg before taking off to follow the other two cats.
“My room’s upstairs,” said Megan as we neared the staircase.
“So, um, where’s your mom?” I asked.
“Oh, she’s probably around… somewhere.”
We went up the old winding stairway and down two more hallways until we finally reached her room. “Come on in,” she said, opening the door with a secretive smile.
I gasped when I entered her bedroom; it was so different from the rest of the house.
She smiled at my shock. “I know, right?”
As I stepped onto her plush cream carpeting, I stared in awe at all of the modern décor in a room that was twice the size of mine. Basically, it was the coolest bedroom, I’d ever seen. 
“Pottery Barn,” she said, waving her hand in the air. “Gotta love them.”
“This room is amazing,” I said, staring at her large flat-screen television, which was bigger than the one in our living room. “I’m so jealous.”
Even the walls were cool. One was the color of sapphire, and as I stepped closer, I noticed that someone had painted tiny, intricate stars that glittered almost… magically.
“Who painted your wall?” I asked, amazed at the details of each of each star.
“One of my aunts did it. Gemma, she’s an artist.”
“Awesome.”
Next to that wall was an enormous platform bed with a velvety blue and black comforter. Plush pillows were scattered all over it, along with a black cat, who eyed me suspiciously.
“This is Willy,” she said, motioning towards the cat. “He’s mine.”
“Hi, Willy,” I said, offering a friendly smile.
He stood up, stretched his legs, and then jumped off the bed and pressed up against my legs.
She raised her eyebrows. “Wow, he likes you,” she said. “He doesn’t like anyone.”
I bent down and scratched his fur while he purred happily.
“I’ve got to get me one of those,” I said, admiring the plush white leather chaise that sat next to her bedroom window.  
“Go ahead, take her for a spin.”
“Thanks,” I said, sinking into the cool leather. I closed my eyes and smiled. “Oh, wow, this is freaken’ amazing. I’m so jealous.”
“Sometimes I fall asleep in it and don’t wake up until the next morning.”
“I bet.”
Willy jumped on my lap and made himself at home.
“So,” she said, staring at me as I pet her cat. “Did you find anything at Secrets?”
I shook my head. I wasn’t about to tell her I’d purchased a bottle of potion to make myself thinner.
“Oh, that’s too bad,” she answered. “I’ve purchased quite a few items since they’ve opened.”
“Oh?”
She nodded. “Yes, one must be prepared for anything, you know.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant but I agreed.
“I saw your sister with Mark today,” she said, getting onto her bed. She lay on her stomach and rested her chin on her hands, watching me. “I was really surprised.”
“I know. I can’t stand him.”
She nodded. “That was one of the reasons why I wanted to talk to you. Mark.”
“Oh?”
Her eyes hardened. “He’s dangerous.”
“Dangerous?”
“He’s into… witchcraft.”
I laughed. “What is all of this talk of witchcraft today? It seems like everyone I talk to has something to say about it.”
“You live in Bayport. What do you expect?”
“So,” I said, watching her closely. “I heard that you’re a witch.”
I expected her to burst out laughing but she only shrugged. “Oh, who said that?”
“Some of the girls at school.”
She rolled her eyes. “God, I hate gossipers.”
“You and me both,” I said.
She stared past me but didn’t answer. 
“So,” I said, changing the subject. “Mark is dangerous, huh?”
“Definitely. He has a bad aura about him.”
“What’s an aura?”  
“Basically, it’s the energy he produces, and it’s connected to his personality. Mark’s is black. Really black.”
“Oh,” I said. “I’m assuming that’s pretty bad.”
“Yes,” she said, sitting up. “So, if you care about your sister, keep her away from him.”
There was a soft knock on the door. “Megan,” called a woman’s voice.
Megan rolled her eyes again. “What, mother?”
Megan’s mother walked into the bedroom. She was an older version of Megan, but with permanent worry lines on her forehead. “Oh, I’m sorry; I didn’t know you had a guest.”
“Well,” I said. “I really have to be leaving anyway.”
“How’s your mother doing?” asked Megan’s mother.
“Um, good I guess,” I said, surprised that she’d asked about her.
She smiled at me. “Could you please tell her that Adele says ‘hello’?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“Thank you.”
I nodded and turned back to Megan. “I should probably get going now. It’s getting late and my mom’s going to get worried. Sorry I couldn’t stay very long.”
Megan stood up. “Another time maybe?”
I smiled. “Definitely.”
She walked me back through the house to the front door and handed me something.
“It’s my phone number,” she said. “If you ever run into any problems with Mark, call me. Seriously.”
“Uh, okay, thanks,” I said. 
She closed the door behind me, and as I walked away, I glanced back towards the house. Staring down at me from one of the windows above, was Adele. Before I could raise my hand to wave goodbye, she vanished into thin air.
I’m losing it, I thought, as I turned on my heel and walked home.
 

Chapter Eight

“Where’ve you been?” asked my sister as I walked in the door. It was almost six o’clock.
I shrugged. “I went shopping and then stopped at a friend’s house.”
She raised her eyebrows. “You went shopping?”
I nodded. “Yes. Enough about me, what’s going on with you and Mark?”
Kala smiled. “I’m not sure yet. He’s super sweet, though.”
“He’s as sweet as a moldy lemon,” I muttered.
“Whatever,” she said. “He invited me to a party this weekend and mom said I could go.”
My jaw dropped. “A party? Really?”
“Um, yeah, she said it was fine – if you come with us.”
I snorted. “Fat chance of that.”
“Oh, please?” she pouted, following me as I walked towards our bedroom. “She seriously won’t let me go if you don’t come with us. Pretty please? I’ll do anything.”
“Kala, any party that Mark’s going to will be trouble.” 
She scowled. “What do you mean?”
“Come on! You’ve heard the stories from last year. You know there’s probably going to be alcohol and drugs. I heard Mark’s a total lush.”
“No, he doesn’t drink anymore. I asked him.”
I snorted. “Right…”
“Listen, if I don’t go to this party, my friends will think I’m lame, and I’ll never live it down. Please go with me? I will do anything, absolutely anything!”
I sighed.
“This could be good for you, too, Kendra! If people get to know you, they might be nicer to you at school. Come on, I’ve never asked you for anything.”
She was right about that. My sister was always offering to do things for me and never asked for anything in return.
I owed her.
I sighed. “Fine, I’ll go, but if anyone is rude to me or I see something I don’t like at this party, we’re leaving.”
She squealed and gave me a hug. “Thank you! We are going to have such a blast!”
Something told me I’d be regretting this decision, but I bit my tongue and decided to hope for the best.

~~~

“So, how was your shopping experience?” asked my mom during dinner. 
“It was okay,” I answered. “I also stopped by Megan’s on the way home and her mom Adele said to say ‘hi’.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Oh, okay.”
“I didn’t know you even knew Megan’s mom.”
“I really don’t,” she answered and then stood up. “Does anyone want seconds on the casserole?”
“Uh, no thanks, mom,” I said, not really caring for the tofu surprise that night.
“Megan and her family are really weird,” said Kala. 
“Megan seemed pretty nice,” I replied.
“Not very hungry tonight?” asked mom, pointing to my plate.
“Sorry,” I said. “I’m just not into tofu, mom.”
“It’s so much healthier for you.”
“Mom, it’s gross,” I said.
She turned to Kala. “So, you actually managed to talk your sister into going to this party, huh?”
Kala’s eyes lit up. “Yes. I spoke to Mark and he’s picking us up around seven on Saturday. I’m so pumped.”
“Just make sure he gets you both home by midnight.”
“Midnight?” pouted Kala. “Nobody leaves a party by midnight. Besides, we’re eighteen now!”
“I don’t care. Your curfew is midnight until you graduate, then you can stay out later.”
“Fine,” mumbled Kala. 
“And I want to meet Mark before he brings you girls to this party.”
Kala’s face looked stricken. “Oh, God, mom. Don’t make me drag him in here with all of the daycare stuff lying around. I’d die of total embarrassment if he walked into this place.”
My mom frowned. “You shouldn’t be embarrassed about my line of work. It’s the only way we can keep this place. If he’s turned off because of how or where you live, he’s definitely not worth seeing.”
Kala sighed. “Can’t you just meet him outside? I’m sure he’ll be in a hurry to get going, and it would only take a minute to talk to him anyway.”
Her eyes narrowed. “We’ll see. I’d rather him be the gentleman and come into the house to introduce himself.”
“It’s not the seventies or eighties, mom. Guys don’t do that anymore.”  
“That’s the problem,” sighed my mom. “Nobody has manners anymore.”
“Especially Mark,” I said mumbled under my breath.
“What was that, Kendra?” mom asked.
“Nothing. Can I be excused?”
“Sure. Make sure you hit the sack earlier tonight so I don’t have to drag you out of bed again tomorrow,” she answered as I walked away from the dining room.
I hurried upstairs to my room and took out the bottle I’d purchased from “Secrets” and the note from Rebecca. The instructions said “one droplet only.” 
I carefully opened the bottle and squeezed some into the dropper she’d given me.
“Bottoms up,” I whispered.
The potion was really bitter as it went down and I shuddered.
“What are you doing?” asked my sister, walking into the bedroom.
I quickly folded the bag up and stuck it into my nightstand. I grabbed a book about vampires from inside and shut the drawer. “Uh, just reading.”
She fell onto her bed and began filing her nails. “Can you believe mom? I’m going to die if Mark comes in here. The kids have practically destroyed the inside of our house, and from what I hear, his parents are loaded. I’m sure his house is immaculate.”
I wanted to scream at her… who the heck cares what he thinks! But I kept my cool. “So, there’s a little crayon on the walls and some chipped wood,” I said, opening up my book. “It’s better than having to move somewhere smaller.”
Truthfully, when my dad was still alive, the house had been kept up and in perfect condition. In fact, it had been my parents’ dream home at one time. But that was before he’d died. My dad had owned his own construction company and my parents had designed and built the house exactly the way they’d wanted it. After he’d been diagnosed with cancer and had undergone many months of therapy without success, my mom had used what was left of his life insurance to pay off all the medical bills and then started doing daycare.
I miss you, daddy… 
I tried to picture my father’s face, with his dark hair and warm, loving eyes the same color as mine and Kala’s, but it only made me long for him even more. 
“You okay?” asked Kala.
I nodded, blinking back tears. “Yeah, just thinking about dad.”
“I miss him, too,” she said in a soft voice.
I knew that for the both of us, nights were the hardest, especially since he used to tuck us into bed, telling goofy stories, and using those corny voices of his. It had been a ritual, even as teenagers, and something we’d taken for granted until it was too late. Now, he’d been dead for only a year and a half, but it already seemed like a lifetime ago.  
“I’m the luckiest man alive,” he used to say. “Three beautiful angels, and they’re all mine.” 
Now my dad was the angel and we were left with only pictures and bittersweet memories of him.
Life really sucked sometimes.
“I wish we had our licenses,” mumbled Kala out of the blue. “Then we could just meet everyone at the party and I wouldn’t have to worry about anything.”
I nodded. “Yeah, but you need money to buy a car and you spend all of yours on clothing.”
“I’m getting a job,” she said, opening up her hot-pink nail polish.
I snorted. “Where?” 
She began painting her toenails. “There are a couple of places in the mall that are hiring. I’m going to see if mom will drive me this weekend to fill out some applications.”
I put my book down and stared at my pudgy toes, which hadn’t shrunk one bit.
Potion, right.
I sighed.  “Yeah, you know, I’d like a job, too, but there’s no way I’m working in a clothing store or boutique.”
“Why not? Then you can get discounts on clothing and stuff.”
“I don’t really care about clothes. You know that.”
“Well, whatever. Maybe you can get a job at a bookstore or something. What about that shop you visited today? Are they hiring?”
An image of Tyler and I working together in the shop popped into my head and my heart fluttered. I closed my eyes and smiled. “I don’t know, but I’m going to find out.”


 
 
Chapter Nine


I woke up earlier the next morning; a little intrigued about what I’d find when I looked in the mirror. Unfortunately, the same lumpy body stared back at me. I closed my eyes and groaned.
Come on, what did you expect? There’s no such thing as a magical potion to lose weight.
“What’s wrong?” asked my sister, walking into the bathroom.
“Nothing,” I sighed.
“Mom said it’s going to be really hot today,” she said, putting her dark hair up into a ponytail.
I pulled out a strappy sundress from the closet that hadn’t looked too bad on me in the store and put it on. 
Kala nodded in approval when she saw me dressed. “That looks good on you.”
It was black with lime green and white dots. 
“Thanks.”
“Let me do your makeup?” asked Kala. “I’ll make you look gorgeous,” she drawled.
I bit the side of my lip. “I don’t know. I usually don’t wear makeup.”
“I know but maybe you should live on the edge for once, sis. You have beautiful eyes. Why not accentuate them a little more?”
“Okay, but don’t make it too obvious.”
She smiled wickedly. “When I’m done with you, the guys will be hypnotized by your sultry eyes.”
I smiled wryly.  “I’d settle for them just shutting their mouths and leaving me alone.”
“Believe me, when they see you, their mouths will be open and they’ll be panting.”
Right…
I sat down and closed my eyes, trying not to chicken out. When she was done applying some kind of grayish-blue shadow, dark liner, and mascara to my eyes, she squealed in delight. “Wow, you look pretty, girl.”
I looked into the mirror and smiled. My eyes were definitely more… intense. 
“It looks pretty good, thanks,” I said, standing up.
“Pretty good? You look amazing!”
I didn’t know about that, but I had to admit, I looked better than I would have thought. 

~~~

When we sat down for breakfast, my mom eyed me curiously. “Wow, look at you all dazzling this morning. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you with makeup.”
I shrugged. “It was Kala’s idea.”
“Well, you look very pretty today. Your dress looks nice too, I’m glad I picked it out.”
“Actually, I picked this one out,” I said. “You didn’t like the dots.”
She smiled. “Well, I was wrong. The dots are working.”
“Mom,” said Kala. “Mark’s driving me home again from school. We’re stopping at the library again.”
She narrowed her eyes. “What’s with this new interest in the library? I didn’t think you even liked to read.”
Kala’s face turned crimson. “Um, we are working on this project for school.”
“You already have a project for school and have only been there for one day? What kind of project is it?” she asked.
“Oh, my God, look at the time,” said Kala, pointing to the clock. “We’re going to miss the bus if we don’t leave now. I’ll tell you about the project later, okay mom?”
“Sure. I can’t wait to hear about it,” she answered with a wry smile.
I followed my sister outside. “Project? Right. I’ll bet you’re creating your own little project in the back corner of the library.”
Kala gave me a slow smile. “Actually, we were on the Internet. Mark was looking up stuff about mind control and witchcraft.”
“Witchcraft? Did he say why?”
“No, he said it was for a project that he was working on. So, in all reality, we were working on a project together. I was just giving him… moral support.”
I snorted. “Like he has morals.”
She narrowed her eyes. “You really don’t like him, do you?”
“He’s a jerk, Kala. He picks on everyone, not just me.”
“Well, I’ve never seen him say anything mean to anyone.”
“That’s because he puts on an act when you’re around. He’s a total tool otherwise, ask anyone.”
She pursed her lips but didn’t respond. The bus rounded the corner and we waited together for it in silence.

 
Chapter Ten


Tyler sat next to me on the bus. Today he was dressed in black chinos and a white polo shirt with the usual dark shades.
“What?” I asked, his gaze penetrating me right through his shades.
He smiled. “Nothing, just trying to figure out if my mom gave you the wrong potion.”
My eyes narrowed. “What do you mean?”
 “There’s some kind of Makeup Potion, for witches without steady hands.”
I laughed out loud. I wasn’t sure which was funnier – the idea of a Makeup Potion or the fact that he spoke of witches as if they were real.
“It sounds funny, but you wouldn’t believe how popular that potion is. And some of those witches need all the help they can get.”
I was now laughing so hard, tears were forming. I was suddenly afraid my makeup would run, I held up my hand. “Okay, stop already with the Makeup Potion talk or I’m going to bleed eyeliner all over my cheeks and look scarier than any witch that you could imagine.”
He bit back a smile. “Sorry.”
“Anyway,” I said, wiping a stray tear, “the Thinner Potion? It obviously didn’t work.”
Tyler sighed. “You didn’t need it in the first place. You look fine.”
“Well, not to most of the twelfth grade,” I mumbled. “If I looked fine, they’d just leave me alone.”
“Kendra, there are more important things in life other than worrying about how others view you,” he said. “Anyone who makes fun of the way you look isn’t worth trying to impress anyway.”
“Easy for you to say,” I mumbled. “You’re in good shape and are too cute to worry about things like that.”   
Wow, did I just blurt that out?
He grinned. “You think I’m cute?”
My face turned red. “No, I mean… you blend in well with everyone.”
“So, I’m not cute and I look like everyone else.”
I groaned. “You are cute, okay? Quit teasing me.”
He chuckled. “Sorry, I just couldn’t resist.”
“Did you ever find the item you wanted to show me in the store yesterday?” I asked, changing the subject.
His face became serious. “I did, actually.”
“Where is it?”
“It’s still at the shop. Can you come by after school again?”
“I think so. I’ll check with my mom and see if it’s okay.”
“If you want, I can stop by and introduce myself.”
I stared at him. “Really? You’d do that?”
He nodded. “It’s probably a good idea, especially if we start hanging out and everything.”
Hanging out? Did he mean as in dating or just friends? My mom’s going to love this guy regardless, I thought. 
I smiled. “Sure. That would be cool.” 
“Okay, I’ll just get off the bus with you after school. Then we can walk to the shop afterwards.”
“Isn’t your mom going to be watching for you?”
“Nah.”
“Okay.”
When the bus pulled into the school parking lot, I was so giddy that Tyler was coming over. It might not be a date, but it was the closest I’d ever come to one. 

 
Chapter Eleven


I went to the bathroom before first period and studied my reflection in the mirror. I was still amazed by the transformation that a little makeup had created. Luckily, it had weathered the tears Tyler had created with his potion talk.
“Wow, what’s the special occasion?” asked Hailey Bates, stepping into the bathroom. She was with the two other girls from our health class. “Look at you… makeup and a new dress? Where’d they find the tent to make thing?”
The other two girls burst out laughing and I rushed out of the bathroom, feeling totally humiliated. I hurried through the hallway, my face streaked with mascara and tears, trying to ignore the smirks and giggles   of the other students. 
Damn, Hailey Bates.
I hated her more than anything at that moment, and all I wanted to do was escape and go home. As I made it to the exit at the back of the school, someone called my name.
“Kendra!”
Tyler.
I stopped and slowly turned around.
“What… what’s wrong?” he asked walking towards me. 
I shook my head as he got closer and tried to wipe away the tears with the back of my hand. “Um, nothing. Don’t worry about it.”
He removed his sunglasses and stared into my eyes. “Tell me what’s wrong. Please.”
I answered without hesitation. “Hailey Bates made fun of me and I lost control of my emotions.” My voice sounded weird, almost robotic, even to myself.
His green eyes burned into mine. “She’s an idiot. Do not allow yourself to feel belittled by her ignorance. You are beautiful, Kendra, inside and out.”
A warm rush of pleasure spread throughout my body and I felt tingly all over. My heart lifted and I didn’t care about Hailey’s cruel words anymore. I smiled at him and sighed in relief.
He thought I was beautiful! 
Tyler put his sunglasses on and took my hand in his. “Now, come with me.”

~~~

“Where are we going?” I asked as he pulled me out of the school. 
“It’s a surprise.”
My head was beginning to clear as I followed him through the football field. It had been fuzzy before, but now that I was breathing in the fresh air, my mind was racing with questions.
I stopped walking. “What exactly did you do to me back there, Tyler?”
He stopped and turned around. “What do you mean?”
“You know exactly what I mean. You did something to me with your eyes.”
He shrugged. “Do you feel better?”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t answer my question. What did you do to me, and why are you always wearing those dark sunglasses?”
“If I told you now, you’d think I was crazy. I’ll explain it all later.”
“I’m kind of thinking that I’m crazy right now for following you out of this school.” I shook my head. “Especially after what just happened. God, I just know my mom is going to kill me.”
He began to remove his glasses again.
“Stop that!” I hollered, pointing to his face. “Don’t you dare do that thingy with your eyes again.”
He pushed them back down and smiled. “What are you afraid of? Don’t you trust me, Kendra?”
“That’s just it! I don’t know you enough to totally trust you. Just please, leave your glasses on.”
“Fine.”
I sighed. “So, where are we going?”
“Just a place I found recently. I think you’ll like it. It’s quiet and peaceful.”
I actually did sort of trust him, but I wasn’t even sure why. For all I knew, he could be taking me somewhere to slit my throat or take advantage of me. Of course, I wouldn’t have minded the latter so much. He was cute and certainly had a way of making me feel good about myself.
As we walked away from the school grounds and into the nearby woods, I was amazed that nobody seemed to notice us leaving. Not even the gym class that had just stepped outside and onto the soccer field. Nobody even glanced in our direction.
“Here we are,” he said, stopping abruptly.
I slammed into him and he steadied me. “Oh crap, I’m sorry,” I said. 
He let go of my elbow. “No problem. What do you think of this place?”
We were in the middle of the woods in a small clearing. “Well, it’s certainly nice and peaceful.”
He smiled and then surprised me by grabbing both of my hands. “You’re not that impressed, I can tell. But, I want you to humor me for just a minute.”
As long as he kept holding my hands, I’d humor him as much as he wanted. “Okay.”
“Now, I need you to close your eyes, inhale, and take a deep breath of fresh air.”
I nodded and then closed my eyes.
“Okay, now clear your mind and think of something that makes you truly happy, whether it’s something from your past or present. Just remember to keep your eyes closed and concentrate. I’ll tell you when you can open them back up.”
“Okay.”
“Don’t forget to breathe,” he said softly.
I inhaled the fresh air and tried to clear my mind, but all I kept thinking of was his warm hands holding mine. 
“I’m going to release your hands,” he said.
Rats.
“Kendra? Are you thinking of something that brings you joy?”
I thought about the half-gallon bucket of cookie-dough ice cream in the freezer at home and nodded.
“Make sure it’s something that brings you pure happiness. I’m not talking about superficial things, either. Something you really wouldn’t want to live without.”
An image of my dad popped into my head and my chest tightened. 
“Focus only on your happy memories. Clear your mind of everything else.”
I thought about my dad and how he used to take my sister and me to the ice cream parlor on Main Street on Sundays. Just like me, he loved ice cream and used to order this gigantic bowl with endless toppings, one that could feed a dozen people. Then, all three of us would grab spoons and eat until we couldn’t stand to look at the bowl anymore. It was a simple memory, but it was one I’d cherish forever.
“You’re smiling, so it must be good,” he said softly.
I nodded.
“Open your eyes.”
When I opened my eyes, I didn’t know exactly what to expect. Part of me had this fantasy that Tyler would somehow produce my father and he’d be holding out a giant bowl of ice cream. 
“Wow….” I whispered in awe.
The woods appeared to be glowing iridescently and every color of flower, leaf, and rock seemed to be magnified. Even the grass under our feet seemed to sparkle.
“Watch,” he murmured as a beautiful doe stepped through the woods and slowly edged towards us. Tyler held out his hand and the deer came close enough to nuzzle it.
“Wow, it’s so beautiful,” I whispered.
The doe looked at me with her honey-colored eyes and my breath caught in my throat. I could have sworn she was smiling at me.
Tyler removed his sunglasses and the doe turned to him. “Transform,” he said.
A bright light surrounded the doe and I watched in stunned silence as it began to slowly change from a four-legged creature to one who stood on two legs
Tyler turned to stare at my reaction as a beautiful girl, her long blond hair glowing slightly as the light receded around her, stood before us. When I looked into her eyes, they stared back with the wisdom of someone much older than the teen standing before us.
“What?” I asked in disbelief. “What just happened? Am I dreaming?”
The girl chuckled and then curtsied. “Hello, my name is Trixie.”
My head was spinning. “What are you?” I whispered. 
She giggled again and clapped her hands. “I’m a Shape-shifter, silly.”
 

Chapter Twelve

I must have fainted because the next thing I knew, they were both staring down at me and I was looking up at the clouds.
“Are you okay?” asked Tyler, grabbing my hand and helping me up.
I was a little dizzy and my mouth dry. “I think so,” I croaked.
“I can’t stay very long, Tyler,” said Trixie, looking around anxiously. “Like I’ve told you before, it’s really not safe here.”
“Okay, Trix. Thanks for showing yourself to Kendra.”
She nodded and then turned to me. “I’m so glad that they found you.”
I put my hand on my chest. “Found me? What do you mean?”
Tyler smiled, sheepishly. “She doesn’t know yet.”
Trixie covered her mouth. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“What’s going on here?” I asked, taking a step back. “What don’t I know?” 
“I’ll explain everything tonight at my mother’s shop. Right now, we’d better get you back to school.”
My eyebrows shot up. “Do you really think I’ll be able to get through this day normally after everything I’ve just witnessed here?”
“You’re going to have to try, Kendra,” said Tyler. “It’s too dangerous to keep you out of school any longer, and you have to act like nothing’s happened.”
My eyebrows shot up. “Excuse me? Too dangerous? What in the heck are you talking about?”  
Tyler grabbed both of my hands as Trixie slipped back into the woods. “Just like I showed you here, everything is not as it seems. There are others at school that can’t be trusted. When we return, you have to act normal and don’t tell anyone of the things I’ve shown you. Tonight, I will explain everything, and I promise you, it will make more sense. Just trust me, okay?”
“I… I guess. This is just so crazy. Tyler, seriously, I feel like I’m dreaming. Wait a second,” I said, pulling away from him. “Is it that potion your mom sold me? Was it some kind of hallucinogen or something?”
“No, of course not,” he answered, looking wounded. 
I rubbed my forehead. “Okay. Fine. I’m sorry I said that, but you have to admit, this is some pretty intense stuff you’re laying on me.”
“I know.”
I sighed. “So, what do we do now?”
“We need to finish out the day and then tonight, after school, I’ll explain everything.”
“Won’t it be easier if you just told me now?”
He shook his head. “No. I have something to show you. It’s the only way you’ll truly believe what I have to say.”
I mulled this over and nodded. “Okay. Well, then, let’s go back to the school and get this day over with. I’m dying to find out what all of this is about.” 
He took my hand in his and led me back towards the school. When we reached the school grounds, I stared at the building and bit my lower lip. “I just hope we don’t get detention for ditching class.”
“Believe me, the teacher won’t even notice we weren’t in class when I’m done with him.”
Sure enough, when we returned to the school, Tyler spoke to Mr. Henry in private for a couple seconds and the teacher seemed to have forgotten that we’d missed most of the class. We then snuck back to our seats with the other students watching in disbelief.
“Where did you go?” whispered Amy.
“Uh, left my homework at home,” I mumbled, not wanting to get into it with her.
She motioned to Tyler. “What – and he left his home, too?”
“I don’t know. We just arrived at the door at the same time,” I whispered. “I don’t know what’s up with him.” 
When the bell rang at the end of class, several students got up and then did a double-take when they looked at me. It was then that I realized in horror that I had never bothered to check my makeup after crying. The mascara was probably smeared all over my face. I probably looked like a clown.
“I’ll meet you in Math,” I whispered to Tyler, who was also staring at me oddly.
“Uh, Kendra…”
“Math class!” I called back as I bolted out of the classroom.
When I stepped into the bathroom, I grabbed some paper towels and turned on the faucet, to dampen them. As I raised my head to look in the mirror, my jaw dropped.
“Oh, my God,” I whispered, staring at my sister’s reflection.

~~~
I was still trying to compose myself when the door opened and another girl walked into the bathroom. I looked up and recognized her from the bus.  
“Hey, Kala,” she said, reaching into her purse. She took out a tube of lipstick and put some on her lips.
I raised my hand and touched my face. 
“Kala, you okay?”
Oh, God, she really thinks I’m Kala.
Our eyes met in the mirror. “Uh, yeah. I’m fine.”
“You just looked a little pale there for a second,” she said.
“I’m fine,” I said, staring back into the mirror. There was no way that I could tell her who I really was; she’d never believe me. 
The girl fluffed her hair and then turned to leave when she gasped in horror. “Oh, my God! Watch where you’re walking, someone left a pair of underwear on the floor!”
When I looked down, I wanted to die of shame. The panties I’d been wearing had slid right off, and I hadn’t even noticed.  
“Oh, wow,” I mumbled, my face bright red. I stepped away from them. “I can’t believe that someone just left them here. Gross, huh?”
“Yeah,” she said, scowling. “Very gross. Look, I’ll catch you later.”  
“Yeah, later,” I mumbled, picking the panties up as soon as she left the bathroom. I quickly tossed the underwear into the garbage can and then turned back to my reflection, still unable to believe what I was seeing.
“Kendra?” called Tyler, knocking softly on the door. 
“I’ll be out in a minute!” I called.
He opened the door.
My jaw dropped. “Tyler! What in the heck are you doing? This is the girl’s bathroom.”
He took off his sunglasses and stepped inside. “Right now, everyone thinks it’s closed for repairs.”
I took a deep breath and turned to face him. “Well, the potion worked.”
He stared at me hard for a few seconds and then nodded. “It appears that way.” 
I turned back towards my reflection, still shocked that the thin person in the mirror wasn’t Kala, but me. Funny thing was, I had mixed emotions.
“Uh, that dress is going to slide off soon if we don’t do something about it.”
I sighed. “Yeah, I need to go home and change. Can you get me out of the school unnoticed?”
“You’re still asking me questions like that after everything you’ve seen?” he answered with a sly grin.
I licked my lips. “I guess I’m still trying to figure out if this is a dream.”
He sighed. “It’s not. Sorry.”
I nodded. 
“So, um, you don’t seem very happy about losing the weight,” he said, coming up behind me. “Isn’t this what you wanted?”
“Yeah, but…”
He grabbed my hand and pulled me around, so that we were facing each other. “Kendra, you were perfectly fine before you took that potion. So you weren’t a size two, who gives a crap?”
“Everyone –”
“Not me,” he blurted, his cheeks turning slightly pink. “I didn’t care. I thought you were pretty enough before.”
This time, as his eyes burned into mine, my pulse went on overdrive, and I felt an overwhelming desire to press my lips to his.
“Are you doing something to me?” I whispered, as his vanilla scent washed over me.
“Like what?” he whispered back, his face moving closer.
“Making me want to… kiss you?” I squeaked.
He touched my cheek with his fingertips and I could barely breathe. “No. I’m not. Not this time.”
I still wasn’t sure if I believed him. “Could you… close your eyes for a second?”
His eyes twinkled in amusement but he did what I asked. 
And nothing changed.
The butterflies were still whirling around in my stomach as if they were desperate to escape and I wanted nothing more than for him to like me the same way I liked him. I swallowed hard, staring at his lips, wondering what it would be like to kiss them. 
“Kendra?”
My cheeks warmed. “Uh, okay. I guess this is all me,” I admitted.
He opened his eyes. “It’s both of us,” he whispered, pulling me into his arms.
I closed my eyes and waited, hoping that he was about to do what it looked like he was about to do. 
“Can I kiss you?” he murmured.
Please…
“Yes.”
His lips were warm and soft as they pressed against mine. I slid my arms around his neck and pulled him closer, deepening our first kiss, which had to be the most amazing in the history of Bayport. It was sweeter than I could have ever imagined and I never wanted it to end.
“We have to go,” he whispered, pulling away after a few more seconds. “Although, I never thought I’d enjoy being in the girl’s bathroom this much.”
I blushed.
He grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the door.
“How are we going to be able to skip the rest of the day without getting caught?” I asked.
“You forget who you’re talking to,” he said, smiling smugly. “I’ll handle that part.”

~~~

The halls were clear when we left the bathroom. Just when I thought we were in the clear, someone stopped us near the front exit.
“Excuse me?” snapped Ms. Johnson, one of the hall monitors. As usual, she looked very bitter about her career choice. “Where are you two going?” 
Tyler removed his glasses and smiled. “We’re going away. You can forget about seeing us.”
The woman looked like a zombie. She nodded and walked away.
“Okay, how do you do that?” as we walked out the door.
He shrugged. “It’s a gift.”
“I guess,” I said, laughing. “Is that why you’re always wearing those sunglasses?”
“Partly, but the truth is that people are always staring at my eyes even when I’m not trying to do anything; it’s a little unsettling.”
“Well, your eyes are intense. But in a good way.”
He smiled. 
“So, Tyler, have you always had this ‘gift’?”
“I have,” he replied. “I’m an Enchanter.”
I laughed. “What’s an ‘Enchanter’? It sounds like something from a Disney Movie.”
“It’s hard to explain. Let’s just say I can manipulate people or things for special purposes.”
I swallowed. “So, is that like magic?”
“In all honesty, yes, I do dabble in the art of magic.”
“Oh.” 
He smiled wickedly. “Does that make you nervous?”
“No, for some insane reason, I feel really safe with you. It’s just still hard for me to believe in magic.”
He raised his arms in the air. “Magic is all around you, Kendra. When you open up your mind you will discover things far beyond your own imagination.”
“Okay, Merlin,” I answered, smiling wryly. “I’m starting to get the point.”
A sudden screech of tires startled us both.
“Oh crap,” mumbled Tyler, staring at the dark blue Volvo. “Here comes my mom. She doesn’t look happy.”  

Chapter Thirteen



“What in the devil is going on?” asked Rebecca, as we slid into the backseat of her car.
“Um, let’s just say Kendra took the potion we sold her, lost a little too much weight, and therefore, we had to leave.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about,” she said, glancing back at him with a scowl.
He sighed and rubbed his forehead. “Well, dear mother, what are you talking about?” 
“Do you not recall how I warned you to stay low? I specifically told you not to perform any kind of magic. That includes, ahem, ‘Persuasion’. I heard from the grapevine that you’ve been using it quite a bit at school.”
I wondered who the grapevine was but was too timid to ask.
He shrugged “Well, it needed to be done. Someone was hurting Kendra’s feelings.”
“I’m certainly proud of you for defending Kendra’s honor. I just don’t think it’s very safe to be using your powers, especially right now.”
Tyler didn’t say anything, although I was dying to ask why it wasn’t safe.
Rebecca changed the subject. “So,” she said, smiling back at me. “You lost a little weight. Feel lighter on your toes?”
I snorted. “Actually, I feel as if this is all a dream.”
She laughed. “Wait until we tell you the rest. You’re going to feel like you’re on another planet.”
I folded my arms under my chest, which was also smaller, unfortunately. “Okay, you are both really freaking me out.”
“Don’t worry,” said Rebecca. “It may seem freaky, but somehow, I know you can handle it.”
I was glad she had faith in me, because I wasn’t so sure of anything anymore.

~~~

Rebecca reopened the store and I followed Tyler into the back storage room again. For some reason the entire room seemed much more ominous than before.
“My mother wanted to explain everything to you, but I talked her into allowing me. She’s not always very subtle, and truthfully, I’m better at these things.”
“Forget being subtle, Tyler, just explain away,” I said.
He pointed to my dress. “Are you sure you don’t want to slip into something more… comfortable?”
I was definitely drowning in the dress.
I raised my arms. “I don’t have anything to wear. Here or at home.”
“Good thing you have a twin sister then.”
“Won’t help me at this moment,” I said, pulling up one of my straps.
I thought about Kala, she was going to freak out. We were now more identical than ever before and I still wasn’t sure how I felt about it.
“Wait, I have a better idea,” said Tyler, removing his sunglasses. He furrowed his eyebrows and concentrated on my dress.
Within a few seconds, a shimmering light began to radiate from my dress and I watched in awe as it began to slowly shrink, until it hugged my body like a glove.
“Um, can you take it out, just a little?” I gasped. It was so tight; I thought it was going to rip with every breath I took.
His cheeks turned pink. “Sorry. My bad.”
The dress loosened up a bit and I suddenly realized that he’d wanted it a little tighter. 
I smiled wryly. “I guess you’re not complaining about my new figure either.”
Tyler’s face turned serious. “You looked good before, Kendra. In fact, I think you’re perfect at any weight. I thought I made myself clear on how I felt earlier.” 
I thought about our kiss and my heart felt like it was growing out of my chest. 
I liked this Enchanter. 
I liked him a lot.
And he didn’t even have to put a spell on me.
 

Chapter Fourteen



“Um, so what is it that you wanted to show me?” I asked, clearing my throat. The electricity in the air between us and was intense.
“Oh, that’s right,” he said, putting on his sunglasses.
I pointed. “You don’t have to wear those all the time, do you?”
He removed the sunglasses and folded them. “Sorry, I guess it’s a habit.”
“I just think it’s probably good for your eyes to take them off now and then. You know, rest your peepers a little bit.”
Okay, so that sounded kind of lame. The truth was, I really just wanted to see his dazzling eyes.
He smiled. “Well, I never really considered ‘resting my peepers’, unless I’m going to bed at night. But I’ll take your advice.”
I nodded. “It must be difficult to see indoors when you’re wearing them anyway.”
“Actually, I can see much better than the average person. In fact, I can see things others can’t.”
I crossed my arms over my chest. “Oh? You can’t see through clothing, can you?”
“Do you really want to know?” 
“Yes,” I said. “I’d like to know if you can see…”
“What you’re wearing underneath?” he asked with a wicked grin.
Then I remembered in horror that I wasn’t wearing my panties and I quickly lowered my hands over my pelvis. He noticed this right away and raised his eyebrows.
“Tell me,” I demanded, my cheeks burning.
“Fine, I can’t tell what you’re wearing under your clothing.”
I released a sigh of relief.
“Unless, I try really hard,” he said and then threw his head back and laughed when he saw my horrified expression.
I marched over and swatted him on the shoulder. “You are so… bad!”
“Ouch!” he laughed, again. “You wanted to know.”
“Are you two okay back here?” murmured Rebecca, peeking through the door.
“Yes,” said Tyler. “I was just going to find the picture.”
Picture?
“Okay. I’ll be out here if you need me,” she said, walking away.
“I’ll be right back,” said Tyler, walking toward the back of the warehouse. “Don’t touch anything… please.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes, you warned me yesterday.”
I sat down on a metal chair and looked around the cluttered room, eyeing the boxes now with a new respect. Who knew what kind of magic was hidden in all of this cardboard?
“Okay,” said Tyler. He was holding a five-by-seven picture frame but I couldn’t see the picture. “I have something to show you and it’s quite possible that you’ve seen it before. However, something tells me you haven’t.”
I took a deep breath. “Okay.”
He handed me the picture frame and I stared at it in confusion. It was an older picture of two little girls, around five or six, and they were obviously twins.
“I don’t understand,” I said looking up at him. 
“Look closely at the picture. Doesn’t it remind you of someone?”
There was indeed something familiar about the girls. I couldn’t quite place my finger on it.
“Look at the shape of their noses and the fullness of their lips. Ignore the color of their hair, she’s obviously changed it. That’s to be expected.”
I nodded. Both girls had luxurious red hair. Their eyes were a dark blue with a catlike slant. “They’re certainly cute,” I said. Then something clicked and the blood rushed to my ears.
“Yes?” he asked, prodding me.
I looked at him in shock. “It’s my mother!”
Tyler smiled. “Bingo.”
I shook my head. “But she’s not a twin. My mom told me that she was an only child.”
He shrugged. “I would too if my twin sister was a ruthless and evil witch.”
“Excuse me?”  
“Your aunt Vivian and your mother are very powerful witches.”
I stared at him for a few seconds and then burst out laughing. 
His eyes narrowed. “Well, I’m glad you’re amused, but it’s the truth, and believe me, there’s nothing funny about Vivian.”
I wiped away the tears from my face. “Okay, that’s enough. Quit messing with my mind, Tyler.”
“He’s not messing with you, at all,” interrupted Rebecca, closing the door behind her. “Your mother is a twin and she’s also a witch. I should know, we used to be best friends.
“I don’t understand,” I mumbled, looking at each of them, “My mom? You seriously expect me to believe that she’s a witch?” 
Rebecca smiled sadly and then pulled out another folding chair. She sat down next to me and looked at her son. “Tyler, go mind the store for a little while please.”
He nodded and left us alone.
She reached over and took my hand in hers. “It’s probably not my place to tell you this information, and I’m sure your mother will be furious when she finds out. But Tyler and I, well, we didn’t have any other choice.”
I stared into her eyes. “I just don’t understand. Why would she hide all of this from us?”
Rebecca sighed. “Because of Vivian. Her sister is one of the most vicious sorceresses in the world. She’s cruel, evil, and will stop at nothing to get what she wants.”
A shiver went up my spine. “Well, what does she want?”
“She wants your mother’s power all for herself. You see, when you’re a witch and a twin one at that, it makes for a very powerful combination. In fact, when one of them dies, the other inherits the other’s magic.”
“And my mother’s sister, my…aunt… wants her dead, so she can be more powerful?”
She nodded. “Vivian has been looking for your mother, Adrianne, for the last twenty years.
I raised my eyebrows. “Adrianne? My mother’s name is Holly.”
“Dear, Holly is your mother’s middle name,” said Rebecca, softly. 
“Okay, this getting too deep for me,” I said, standing up. “I need to go home and talk to her.” 
“Wait,” said Rebecca. “I’m sure your mom has kept this from you and your sister, to keep you safe. It’s very dangerous for all of you right now. Especially since…”
“What?”
The fear in her eyes made my pulse race. “Vivian knows your mom is here, in Bayport, and she’ll do anything to find her, even if it means using you or your sister, Kala.”
I bit the side of my lip. “You mean hurting me or Kala?”
She nodded. “Oh yes. If she finds you, she’ll definitely use whatever means possible to hurt and destroy your mother.”
“So, basically, we’re all in danger?”
“Yes.”
“How come you’ve found us, but she hasn’t?”
She shrugged. “I’m sure your mother used a spell to keep her from locating you all these years.”
“How does she know we’re in Bayport?”
“Some spells get weaker over time. Or it could be that Vivian had help from someone else.”
“So, is this why you moved here, to warn us?”
She nodded. “We’d hoped you were here, Adrianne once mentioned this place. She’d read about it and wanted to travel here.  But I didn’t know for sure until Tyler lucked out and found you at school.”
I bit the side of my lip. “I know this sounds weird and I don’t want to seem ungrateful, but why do you care so much? Why would you move here just to warn my mother about Vivian? Isn’t it too dangerous to risk your own lives?”
She smiled. “Two reasons. Adrianne and I used to be best friends growing up. I do care what happens to her.”
“And Vivian killed my father,” interrupted Tyler from the doorway, his expression somber. “We need your mother’s help to destroy her, once and for all.”

 
Chapter Fifteen


“Are you okay?” asked Rebecca as I stumbled towards Tyler and the exit. I’d had enough of this magic talk, and just wanted to go home to my mom, so she could tell me that these people were crazy.
“Oh, I don’t know,” I answered thickly. “I’ve just shed thirty pounds, I witnessed a doe turn into a girl, and now I’ve been told my mother’s a witch who’s being hunted down by her evil twin sister. Seriously, I don’t think I’ll ever be okay again.”
Tyler held up a bottle of water. “You don’t look so good. Drink this, you’re probably dehydrated from the potion.”
“Good grief,” said Rebecca, looking at her watch. “You two haven’t had lunch yet. Tyler, take her to our house and feed the poor girl. You can try and answer any more questions she may have, there, where it’s safe.”
He nodded. “Are you hungry?” he asked, holding out his arm to me.
I stared at him for a minute, trying to decide what to do. Food sounded like the only sane thing right now. 
“Food will take the edge off of everything,” he joked. “Seriously.”
I sighed and slipped my arm through his. “Sure, but to tell you the truth, I’m pretty exhausted. I don’t know if I can walk to your house.”
“Who said anything about walking?” he asked with a sparkle in his eyes. He turned to his mother. “Um, it is okay if we teleport, isn’t it? I know you said not to perform magic, but surely this is an exception?”
Rebecca stared at us for a minute and then nodded. “Okay, but just this once.”
Tyler turned back to me and smiled. “You’re in for a wonderful surprise.”
“Swell,” I mumbled, not really digging his surprises anymore.
He grabbed my hand and dragged me through the store, into their small public bathroom. 
“Don’t tell me… we’re going to teleport through the toilet and end up at your house?” I asked dryly.
He shook his head. “No, silly… that’s too gross. We’re going to go through the drain.”
I looked at the sink and studied the drain hole. It didn’t appear any less gross or absurd. “Seriously?”
He burst out laughing.  “No, I’m just messing with you.”
I tightened my lips, not really in the mood for jokes. “Tyler…”
Sighing, he pulled me to him and circled his arms around my waist. “I’m sorry,” he whispered into my hair. “I keep forgetting how new all of this is for you.”
“It’s okay,” I said, inhaling his delicious smell, which seemed to comfort me somewhat. I looked up at him “Um, has anyone ever told you that you smell like vanilla bean ice cream?”  
He smiled. “Hold onto me, tightly, and don’t let go, for anything.”
Although everything was crazy at the moment, being in his arms was better than anything I’d experienced in a long time. I certainly wasn’t about to let him go. Not if I could help it.
Tyler closed his eyes and began chanting something under his breath. I shut my eyes, too, and held on as tight as I could, even when I felt his body temperature begin to rise at an alarming rate. Just when I thought I couldn’t bear the heat radiating from him, there was a loud popping noise and I felt like we were being pushed through some type of spinning tunnel.
“Hurry, open your eyes,” he said.
When I opened them I gasped in awe. Multiple colors of light, almost like a beautiful rainbow at the end of a storm, engulfed us as we moved through some type of twisting vortex.
“Wow…” I whispered, stunned by the beauty of the colors intertwining and bouncing off of each other. 
He tightened his hold on me. “Almost there, get ready.”
A second loud popping noise and we were pushed out of the traveling tunnel with such force that we both landed on plush, white carpeting, with me, lying right on top of him.
 
Chapter Sixteen



“Well, hello there,” he said with a sly grin. “Come here often?”
I groaned and stood up.
“What?”
I shook my head and looked around in amazement. “So, this is your home?”  
He stood up and smoothed down his shirt. “Yes, our humble abode. At least the one we feel the safest in.”
I was surprised to find that they lived in such a contemporary-styled home. Since they were witches, I thought they’d live in something old and mysterious. This place was white, spacious, and from where I stood, appeared to have all of the modern luxuries.  
“This place is beautiful,” I said, looking up, admiring the tall vaulted ceilings and sky lights. 
“Check out the view outside,” said Tyler.
I walked over to a tall window that extended from the floor to the ceiling and looked out. 
“Whoa, where in the world are we?” 
“I told you it was a nice view,” he smiled.
“A nice view? We’re in the middle of nowhere.” 
Well we were somewhere, somewhere high up in the mountains and surrounded by snow.
“We’re in Vail,” he said. “It’s a good place to hide. Vivian hates any kind of arctic weather.”
My mother was the opposite. She dragged us skiing and ice skating every winter. My sister loved the cold months as well. I, on the other hand, didn’t really care for winter. If it were my choice, I’d live in Florida all year long. 
“So, you’re hiding from her, too?”
He handed me a cup of cocoa, which seemed to have just appeared. He nodded. “Something like that, We moved here after she murdered my father.”
I touched his hand. “I’m really sorry, Tyler,” I said softly. “How did it happen?”
He sighed and then walked over to the white leather sectional facing the window. “I should probably start from the beginning,” he said, sitting down. “My father worked for Vivian years ago, he was the head of her security.”
“Security?” I snorted. “Why would she need bodyguards if she’s so powerful?”
He scratched his chin. “Mostly for appearances. You see, she’s also a famous pianist and doesn’t always use her magic.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh, yes. She’s very vain about it, too,” he said, his lips thinning. “I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of Vivian Reynolds, but she’s your aunt.”
My eyebrows shot up. “Vivian Reynolds? Although I’ve never actually seen her, I know that my mother has some of her CDs. She doesn’t listen to them, which I always thought was a little strange, in fact, they’re actually still in the wrapping. Wow, I just can’t believe that’s her.”  
“She’s probably too afraid to listen to them. Anyway, my dad worked for Vivian before he met my mother and then something happened. Something she didn’t expect.”
I leaned forward. “What?”
“Well, one night, Vivian paid my mother a visit and took my dad along with her, probably to try and scare her into telling her where Adrianne was. It didn’t work. In fact, Vivian left in such a huff when my mother refused to tell her where Adrianne was that she demanded my dad go back that same night,” his face darkened, “and kill her.”
My eyes widened. “Vivian told your dad to murder Rebecca?”
“Yes. But my dad wasn’t a killer. In fact, something drew my dad back to mom’s shop, but it had nothing to do with murder.”
I smiled. “Your mom is a very beautiful woman.”
“Yes and she has a heart of gold. I’m sure that’s what really drew my dad to her in the first place. Anyway, all I know is that he and my mother disappeared together that night.”
“And Vivian freaked?”
“You could say that. I’m sure it’s why she spent all of those years searching for them, as well as your mom. Obviously, she found my parents first and…” he looked down at his hands.
“Killed your dad,” I said, softly.
He looked back up at me and his eyes were burned with hate. “She did and I’m not going to let her get away with it. I don’t care if I die trying, I’m going to make sure she pays.”
“I understand,” I said, thinking of my father. If someone had killed him, I’m sure I’d feel the same way. “I just can’t believe how evil that woman is,” I said. “Thank goodness you and your mom survived. How long ago was this?”
“It happened almost two years ago,” he said, his voice cracking. Embarrassed, he looked away.
“I’m so sorry, Tyler. I wish there was something I could do.”
“There is,” he said, standing up. He walked over to the window and put his hand on the glass. “Help us talk to your mother.”
I moved closer and put a hand on his shoulder. “I will. I promise.”
The snow began to fall and we both stared out of the window in silence, watching the flakes.
“It’s amazingly beautiful here,” I said.
He smiled. “I love it. You’ll have to go skiing with me sometime.”
“I’m not much of a skier,” I snorted. “I suck, actually.”
He grabbed my hand. “Maybe you just need the right guy to show you how to ski.”
I smiled. A guy like him could make a girl forget all about the cold. “Maybe.”
He bent down and kissed my lips, taking my breath away once again. “Kendra,” he whispered, resting his forehead against mine. 
I smiled. “Tyler.”
He let out a ragged breath and stepped back. “I’d better watch myself. My mom would kill me if she knew…”
“Knew what?”
He smiled, darkly. “That I was kissing you when I was supposed to be feeding you.”
“I won’t tell.”
He raised his eyebrow. “Are you flirting with me?”
Oh, my God, I was.
I put a hand over my mouth. “Yes, sorry.”
He threw his head back and laughed.
“What?” 
“You just looked so flabbergasted there for a minute. Like flirting with me was so… horrific.”
“No, I just don’t want to be one of those kinds of girls.”
“What do you mean ‘those’ kind of girls?”
I looked down. “You know – a tease.”
“Listen,” he said, tilting my chin back up. “You’re unlike any girl that I’ve ever met.” Then he brushed his lips against mine.
“Is that good or bad?” I whispered, when he pulled away.
He nodded. “Very good. Now,” he stepped back and patted his stomach. “I’m starving. Let’s eat”
“Okay. Um, one more thing, though – I was just wondering, did your dad have any special abilities?”   
He smiled proudly. “My dad was also an Enchanter.”
For some reason, his answer didn’t comfort me one bit. “So he was a pretty powerful guy, but still couldn’t beat Vivian?”
He sighed. “To tell you the truth, Vivian is already so fierce that if she finds your mother and steals her power, we’re all doomed.”
 

Chapter Seventeen




I followed Tyler to the kitchen and he grabbed a frozen pizza from the freezer.
“What, no magic involved in making lunch?” I teased, sitting down at the counter.
“You heard my mom, no more magic, except for the teleporting and maybe a cup of cocoa. So, until this thing with Vivian is over, I have to do almost everything the hard way,” he answered as he removed the wrapper from the pizza. He licked his fingers. “You like pepperoni?” 
I nodded. “So, why can’t you perform magic? Will Vivian know?”
“The stronger the sorceress, the easier it to sense the energy created by magic, whether it’s hers or someone else’s.” 
“I hate to change the subject,” I said, looking around the immaculate white tiled floor and marbled kitchen counters, “but your house isn’t anything at all like I expected.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, your mom’s a witch and you’re an Enchanter, right?”
He nodded. 
“Well, this place is so white and crisp; it’s just too contemporary for a witch’s pad. I’d have expected something more mystical and I don’t know… old school, I guess? I mean, where’s your herb garden for creating potions or steaming witch’s cauldron? I haven’t even seen a black cat or any pickle jars containing creepy things to make potions. I mean, come on!”
Tyler chuckled. “You really do read too many books.”
“Maybe, but your mom’s shop seems a little closer to what I’d expect to find under a witch’s roof. This place, though, it’s like something out of an architectural magazine, I’d never suspect the homeowners were… magical beings. More like yuppie interior designers or something.”
He smirked. “Well, then we’ve covered are tracks pretty well. My mother didn’t want to draw any unwanted attention. So this is kind of our hideout when things get bad.”
“Well,” I said, nodding, “if Vivian is aware of my family being in Bayport, then she’ll find ‘Secrets’ blindfolded.”
He shrugged. “It was a risk we had to take.”
“Is your mom safe in the shop by herself?”
“She’s used a spell for protection and we have some friends that are helping to keep any eye on things, just in case. She’ll definitely know if Vivian is getting close.”
“Friends…like Trixie?”
He nodded. “Like Trixie.”
“Well, then I think it’s time my mother knows you’re here.”
He let out a long, drawn-out sigh. “Believe me, she probably already does.”

~~~
Tyler teleported us straight to my house after lunch. We landed on the floor in my bedroom, this time, with him on top of me.
“We have to quit meeting this way,” he said, his eyes smoldering.
“Off,” I said, pushing him away.
“Sorry, you just have this effect on me. Being a gentleman is getting harder by the minute,” he said.
Pleased, I smiled. “Really?”
“Really, so let’s get what we need from your bedroom and then find your mom.” 
I looked at my alarm clock and it was just after one o’clock in the afternoon.
“Okay. Turn around,” I said, moving to my sister’s underwear drawer. 
He nodded and turned around.
I grabbed a pair of Kala’s new panties and rushed to the bathroom. After slipping them on, I walked back into my bedroom and froze. “Do you hear that?” I whispered.
He shook his head and stared at me in alarm. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s too quiet,”
I walked out of the bedroom and he followed me downstairs. “Mom runs a daycare and nobody’s around crying or screaming their head off.”
The kitchen, which was usually stacked with dishes and chaotic children, was spotless and empty. 
“Could she have taken the children outside?” he asked.
“I hope so.”
We hurried to the backdoor and I opened it. The yard was filled with outdoor toys and the new jungle gym we’d recently installed. Other than that, it was also empty.
“Okay, this is weird,” I said, stepping back inside. “Where in the world is she?”
He rubbed his chin. “Does she ever take the kids on field trips?”
“Sometimes, but she usually lets me and my sister know ahead of time, in case of an emergency.”
“Then this is very bad. I think we should be prepared for the worst,” he said.
I stared at him in horror as I realized what he was suggesting. “Do you think it’s too late?” I asked in a strangled voice. “That maybe... Vivian’s gotten to her?”
“I don’t know,” he said, avoiding my eyes. 
A sudden knock at the door startled us and we both jumped.
“I’d better get that,” I whispered.
“No, let me do it,” he said, already heading towards the front door. 
When we opened the door, a pretty blond woman stood beaming at us. “Oh, hello. My name is Michelle Evans and I was wondering if your mother is home? I sell Beauty Life Cosmetics.”
“Um, no,” I answered, eyeing the woman suspiciously. “She’s not home, sorry.”
“Oh, that’s too bad,” she said, pouting. “I spoke to her on the phone earlier and she told me she’d be here all day. She sounded really interested in trying our new line of lipsticks.”
“We’ll let her know you stopped by,” said Tyler as he began to close the door.
Michelle stuck her foot in the doorway and her eyes narrowed. “Aren’t you kids supposed to be in school?”
I cleared my throat. “Actually, we’re homeschooled.”
“Well, how nice,” she said, studying my face. “Would you mind if I wait for your mother inside? It took me almost forty minutes to get here and she promised me she’d be around. Would it be okay if I just waited ten minutes?”
“No, I’m sorry. My mother is very adamant about not letting strangers into the house when she’s not home.”
Her lips curled into an ugly scowl. “Is that so?” 
My breath caught in my throat when our eyes met. Not only were they the same color as my mother’s, but they were now filled with such malice, that I instinctively took a step back.
“We’ll let her know you stopped by,” repeated Tyler firmly.
Michelle, who looked like she was going to explode just a moment ago, regained her composure and smiled sweetly at us. “Yes, of course. Well, I’m sorry to have bothered you. Have a nice afternoon.”
As she turned away, Tyler shut the door and locked it quickly. 
“What’s happening?” I whispered. “Who was that?”  
He looked at me. “That, my dear, was death knocking at your front door.”
 

Chapter Eighteen



“We have to get out of here,” stated Tyler, grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the backdoor. “She’s going to be watching for your mother and we need to warn her before she gets back home. Do you have any idea where she might be?”
I shook my head. “Honestly, Tyler, I don’t know. She’s normally home right now. This just doesn’t make any sense. Actually, nothing about today makes sense.”
“Does she have a cell phone?”
I shook my head. “No, she says they give you brain cancer. She refuses to even allow them into our house.”
Tyler nodded. “They are also an easy tracking device, probably the real reason she doesn’t allow them.”
Now that made much more sense.
“Is it possible that the school called my mom and she’s there looking for me?”
“I guess it’s possible. I did persuade the attendance clerk to forget about contacting your mother though.”
I narrowed my eyes. “How did you do that when you were with me the entire time?”
“If I told you how, I’d have to kill you.”
My eyes widened in shock.
He laughed. “No, I’m just messing with you.”
I smacked him in the arm and then pushed him out the back door. “Let’s go back to school, just in case she’s waiting around there.”
As we snuck away from the house towards the back alley, he looked up into the trees. “Vivian’s probably watching us right now,” he said in a low voice.
“From the trees?” I whispered in horror. I thought about how dangerous this woman was and it chilled me to the bone. Now, as I watched the wind blow the leaves around on the trees, everything seems so much more ominous.
“The birds, usually ravens or crows. She’s been known to manipulate them to do her bidding.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and grabbed his hand. “I’m scared. I mean really freaking scared. Are you?”
He shrugged. “Nah. Whenever I encounter imminent danger, I try to concentrate on the solution, not the source.”
“Well, have you found a solution for this problem yet?” I mumbled.
He stared at the sky. “Yes,” he answered sucking in his breath. “Run!”

~~~

I’m not sure why he told me to run at that particular moment, but I wasn’t about to argue with him. We both took off running down the alley.
“Hurry!” he barked when I stumbled over a break in the pavement. 
“Trying!” I yelled back. 
Just then hundreds of sharp “kraking” noises filled the air and I glanced behind us. “Oh, my God!” I shrieked in horror.
The sky was a blur of black, with thousands of birds screaming towards us, the sound of their wings flapping in the wind entwined with the roaring in my ears was deafening.
“Come on!” yelled Tyler, pulling me towards one of the neighbor’s garages. 
We crashed through the side door and I threw my arms around him. “Teleport us or whatever it is you do, right now!” I cried.
He nodded and began to chant.
“Going somewhere?” 
I opened my eyes to find Michelle smiling coldly at us in the darkness of the garage, her blond hair now a vibrant red, her facial features totally changed. It was unnerving to see my mother’s familiar, loving features twisted into a look of pure hatred.
“Please, don’t hurt us,” I whispered in horror.
She held up a wand and pointed it towards us, chanting some type of spell. Fortunately, however, Tyler had remained diligent in his incantations so we disappeared before she could finish.


Chapter Nineteen





We landed in the bathroom of “Secrets.” 
“That was close,” I gasped, trying to stand up. My legs were trembling so much I thought they’d give out any minute.
He closed his eyes and released a ragged sigh. “You have no idea.”
“So, did you recognize that spell she tried to use?”
He nodded. “Oh yeah, she almost annihilated us, both.”
My eyes widened. “Wow. It’s that easy, to kill someone?”
“With the right spell and sorceress, anything is possible.”
The door opened suddenly and old Mrs. Buchaard stood staring at us curiously. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, do you need to get in here?” asked Tyler.
She shook her head. “No, but you’d better get your butts moving if you’re planning on helping Adrianne.”
I stared at her in surprise. “What?”
She wagged her finger at us to follow her and said. “Let me introduce myself, I’m your mother’s cousin, Clarice.”
“What?” I repeated, this time in total shock. I glanced at Tyler who was smiling in amusement.
She grinned. “Oh, I know you weren’t aware of it. We kept it from you and your sister for a reason. It was much too dangerous.”
I stared at her and recognized some of my mother’s traits. Cat-like eyes and high cheekbones. Otherwise Clarice’s hair was completely white.
She patted her hair. “I know. I messed up a spell many years ago and it turned my hair white. I kind of liked it so… I kept it.”
“Tyler!” called his mother, who was now rushing to close the shop. “What’s happened? I’ve received some messages that there’s been trouble.”
“Trouble?” he snorted. “I’d say. Vivian showed up at Kendra’s and we barely made it out of there.”
She rushed over and threw her arms around Tyler. “Thank the stars above you’re both safe. That woman is so unpredictable.”
“The opposite of my mom, usually,” I mumbled.
Rebecca turned to me. “I take it you didn’t find her?”
I shook my head sadly. “No, we have no idea where she is.”
“What about your sister?” asked Clarice, taking a step closer. 
“Actually, I haven’t spoken to her since this morning.” I hadn’t even considered how much danger my twin could be in. 
“We’d better take a drive to the school and check on her then,” said Clarice. “Quickly, before Vivian gets her mitts on her.”
“Um, Kala’s supposed to be getting a ride home with Mark Davis. They’re going to the library after school to surf the Internet.”
Clarice frowned. “Did you say “Mark Davis”?” 
I nodded. 
“I don’t know. There’s something about that boy that doesn’t sit well with me,” she said. “I’ve seen him around town, getting into all sorts of trouble.  He’s definitely not the type of boy your mother would want for Kala.” 
“He’s a total jerk,” I said. “I don’t know how she can even stand to be near him.”
Rebecca went behind the register and grabbed her purse. “Let’s go find your sister, Kendra. If we’re lucky, we’ll locate your mother, too.”
I sighed. “Can we drive by my house again, just in case she’s there?”
“Of course, dear,” answered Rebecca. She turned to Clarice who was digging around in her purse. “Are you coming?”
Clarice looked up. “Yes, I was just looking for my wand. It’s got to be in here somewhere.”
Rebecca opened up her own purse and held it away from her body. “Manifest,” she said.
I watched in awe as a thin black magic wand shot out of Rebecca’s leather handbag. It twirled in the air for a few seconds and then sat hovering in front of her face. She grabbed the wand and smiled at Clarice. “You may as well use magic now that Vivian’s aware of our existence in town.”
Clarice nodded and then held out her purse. “Manifest!” she ordered. Unfortunately nothing happened.
“Where is it?” asked Rebecca, stepping closer.
Clarice frowned. “Manifest!” she yelled. Still the wand did not appear.
“Is it possible that you left it at home?” 
“I never leave home without my wand. It’s just giving me a hard time. I think it’s still angry that I hollered at it the other day.”
“Oh,” said Rebecca. “You have one of those.”
“What do you mean?” I asked incredulously. “What… you hollered at your wand and now it’s acting out?” 
Clarice nodded. “Some wands are sensitive. Mine is very temperamental,” she murmured.
“I heard that!” boomed a feminine voice from somewhere inside of Clarice’s purse. 
My jaw dropped as a long thin wand shot out of the purse and hovered close to Clarice’s face. “Madame, you owe me an apology!” it announced.
“Well, I don’t know about that,” said Clarice, with a stiff upper lip. “You’ve been ignoring me all day. With Vivian around we have no time for such petty games.”
“I’m not playing games! I’d just like a little respect, is all. I’ve served you for over fifty years, witch. Have you once ever asked me to perform a spell nicely?”
“Whatever do you mean?” she asked. 
The wand snorted. “A simple ‘thank you’ or even a ‘please’ works wonders. Is that too much to ask?”
Clarice’s eyes narrowed. “Fine. Thank you for all your magical assistance, I greatly appreciate it. Now get your petulant, bony butt into my fist before I turn you into a box of toothpicks!”
The wand immediately flew into Clarice’s hand. 
She smiled smugly and then looked at me. “You have to teach the wand who’s in charge or they won’t serve you properly. They like to test you from time to time. Some more than others.”
I was still flustered from seeing a wand talk, let alone think on its own. “Um, okay.”
Clarice stepped closer to me. “You do realize you’re a witch too, don’t you, dear?”
“Me?” I asked, hoarsely.
“Oh yes. Your powers are dormant right now. But you and your sister have the genes to be very powerful witches.”
 

Chapter Twenty



I chewed on what Clarice had told me on the way to the school but had a hard time really believing it. I was still trying to imagine my mother as a powerful sorceress. It just didn’t seem logical. She changed diapers and served macaroni and cheese to children during the day. Did she really have the ability to teleport or put a hex on someone when she wasn’t potty training?
“You okay?” asked Tyler, touching my knee.
“I think so,” I said, staring at his hand.
“I know this whole thing is hard to grasp,” he said, looking down, suddenly shy. He removed his hand. “Sorry.”
I smiled. “You didn’t hear me complaining.”
He grinned and put his hand back on my knee.
“Tyler,” warned Rebecca, who must also have eyes on the back of her head.
He removed his hand and smiled sheepishly.
I turned to look out the window as we pulled up to the high school. The last bell hadn’t rung yet, so I knew we still had some time.
“Kendra and I should go into the school alone,” said Tyler. “You ladies can keep a lookout for anything unusual on the outside.”
“Just be careful,” said Rebecca. “If you run into Vivian, send me a signal.”
He nodded and we got out of the car.
“So, how are you going to let your mother know if Vivian’s around?” I asked.
He pointed to his head. “If she opens her mind up, I can send her a telepathic message.”
I sighed. “Oh, of course. I should have known.”
The bell began to ring right as we entered the school and the sound of chaos soon filled the halls.
“I’m not even sure which class Kala has for final period,” I said, as kids started rushing past us towards the exit. 
“Maybe you should watch for her at this side of the building,” he said. “I’ll go to the other exit and keep an eye out.”
“Okay.”
I watched as Tyler put his sunglasses on and walked away. He seemed so much older and sophisticated than the guys sprinting past me on their way out of the school. Some of them were belching out loud or skateboarding towards the exits, and I began to wonder if Tyler was older than what he’d said. It was feasible since he only came to the school looking for us.  
“Kala!” hollered Hailey coming straight towards me. She obviously had me confused with my sister.
“Hi,” I said, gritting my teeth.
She looked down at my dress and grinned like a Cheshire cat. “Oh, I see they do make that dress in regular sizes. It certainly looks nice on you.”
I forced a smile. “Well, thanks.”
She nodded. “Too bad your sister can’t lose all that extra weight. I’d have thought seeing you in the exact same dress would inspire her to eat less.”
“Why are you so interested in my sister?” I snapped.
Hailey’s eyes narrowed. “I’m not. It’s just that I know you were talking about running for student council president and having a sister like her can’t be good for your image. Maybe you shouldn’t even waste your time running.”
“What do you mean?”
She smiled cruelly. “Well, you’re popular, of course, but she’s pretty much in a class all by herself.  Think about it, you’ll lose a lot of votes and that would be totally humiliating. You could save yourself the embarrassment and just help someone else win.”
I folded my arms under my chest. “Let me guess, you’re running for president as well and would like me to back you up?”
Her face lit up. “You’d do that?”
I was speechless. Words just couldn’t describe how much I despised Hailey at that particular moment, although, if I had the power to turn her into a toad right now, I’d turn myself into one instead. Then I’d turn her into a fly, so that I could devour her.
“Listen,” she said. “Don’t forget to meet us at ‘The Pointe’ after school. Mark mentioned that he was giving you a lift?”
The Pointe? That was a popular partying spot. I cleared my throat. “Oh, yeah. I’ll see you later.”
She stared at me curiously for a minute and then walked away. 

~~~

As I continued to search for Kala, I noticed Tyler hurrying towards me. 
“Did you see her anywhere?” I asked.
He nodded and then ran a hand through his hair. “I did, but unfortunately Mark hustled her out of the school so quickly, I didn’t get a chance to talk to her.”
I sighed. “Well, I know where they’re going,” I said. “The Pointe.”
“What’s “The Pointe”? 
I smirked. “Exactly.”
He snorted. “Do you know where it is?”
“I think so. There’s a park a few blocks from here with a great view of the valley below. If you climb down the hill underneath it a few feet, you’ll supposedly come to this hidden cave. That’s where the kids hang out to drink or do whatever.”
His eyebrows went up. “So you’ve been there before?”
I shook my head.
He looked a little relieved. “Let’s go find it then,” he said, taking my hand.
 

Chapter Twenty-One




“Clarice checked your house while you were inside and Adrianne is still not there,” said Rebecca as we slid into the back of her car.
“Yes, I left her an encrypted note so she’d know you were safe, as well,” said Clarice. 
“Did you teleport from the car?” I asked.
“No,” she answered, patting the outside of her purse. “I flew on my broom.”
My jaw dropped. “You actually flew on a broom and now it’s in your purse?”
She smiled weakly. “I just can’t teleport like I used to. The last time I landed, my knees were sore for a week.”
“But, seriously, you can fly on a real broom?” I asked. If I wasn’t so worried about my sister and mom, I’d make her fly for me.
Clarice nodded. “Oh, yes. I find the old-fashioned way is much easier. Plus, I can see exactly where I’m going.”
I sat back. “I wonder where my mother is? What if Vivian has already found her?”
“Your mother is not an easy witch to put down,” said Clarice. “She’s just as powerful as Vivian, remember. They’re twins.”
Rebecca sighed. “Yes, but Vivian practices Black magic, which Adrianne wouldn’t touch.”
“What’s the difference?” I asked.
“Black magic is evil and it’s used for one’s own good. A witch who uses this type of magic learns how to control demons and spirits, using them for his or her own selfishness. Usually,” Clarice added with a scowl, “to do harm to others.”
“We don’t dabble in Black magic,” said Rebecca firmly. “It’s dangerous and against our beliefs. Instead, we use only White, which works with the spirits,” said Rebecca, “to heal others or create spells that help us defeat evil.”
“Oh,” I said. “Which is stronger?”
Rebecca and Clarice looked at each other. 
“It depends on the witch and her inner strength,” said Tyler. “If she believes she can conquer the other’s magic, no matter what it is, she usually succeeds.”
“So White magic doesn’t always win?” I squeaked.
“Only if the witch knows what’s she doing and believes her powers are the stronger of the two,” said Tyler.  
That revelation gave me goose bumps. I only hoped my mother’s inner strength and beliefs were enough to keep her alive.

~~~

The park was crawling with high school students, most of them attempting to climb down the hill, many carrying small brown bags.
“Looks like a B.Y.O.B.,” remarked Tyler.
“Bring your own broom?” asked Clarice. She smiled and her eyes lit up. “Oh, how wonderful. I used to enjoy those parties as a young girl, you know.”
Rebecca laughed. “No Clarice, bottle, not broom.”
Her smile fell. “Oh, those naughty kids.”
“I can’t believe my sister is going to this party,” I said. “She told me Mark didn’t drink alcohol.”
“Hey, there they are,” pointed Clarice.
Sure enough, my sister followed Mark towards the hill, although neither of them carried a bag of any sort. Kala didn’t look very enthused.
“I’m going to talk to her,” I said, opening up the car door. 
“I’ll come with,” said Tyler.
“We’ll keep an eye out for Vivian. She might be drawn to this kind of thing,” said Rebecca.
Clarice raised her hands in the air and closed her eyes. “Yes, I can sense an aura of evil and deception radiating from some of these kids. This party screams of bad news.”  
“Sounds like a blast,” answered Tyler with a humorless smile. “On that note, we’ll be back as soon as we can.”
We stepped away from the car and walked towards the edge of the hill.
“Hey, it’s vampire boy,” snickered Trevor Danes, coming up behind us. He was holding a two plastic bags filled with ice and plastic red cups.
I smirked. “Wow, Trevor, looks like you’re all set.”
Trevor was in our math class – a total surfer type of bonehead. He was also close friends with Mark. 
He bobbed his head up and down. “You know it. Say,” he said, motioning towards Tyler. “I didn’t know you had a thing for bloodsucking-losers, Kala.”
I opened up to let him have it when Tyler removed his sunglasses and motioned for me to remain silent. 
“There goes the shades… hey, watch out for the burn, dude!” laughed Trevor.
Tyler looked into Trevor’s vacant blue eyes. “Stay put, and keep an eye out for a woman with long, red hair. If you see her coming this way, howl like a wolf as loudly as you can.”
Trevor’s face became slack and he nodded.
I smiled. “Wow, I wish I could do that. Of course, I would have told him to drop dead.”
“I don’t know if that would work on a human,” said Tyler with a straight face. “I’ve never attempted it.”
“Oh, my God…I was kidding!”
He didn’t say anything.
My eyes narrowed. “You mentioned something about trolls before. Um, was that real? Did you actually kill three trolls?”
“Yes, but they deserved it,” he smiled. “They wouldn’t let me over their bridge.”
“Wow, you’re amazing,” I said, shaking my head.
“Sorry,” he laughed. “I just couldn’t resist.”
I lowered my voice. “Seriously, though, are there really trolls?”  
He pursed his lips and nodded. “Yes, and pray that you never meet one. They’re nasty creatures and very hard to kill.”
“Uh, okay.”
We started climbing down the hill, which was actually steeper than I thought. “This would have to be very dangerous if you’ve been drinking,” I noted.
“Yeah, look down below us.”
There was a ravine at the very bottom of the hill, about three hundred feet down. 
“If you didn’t get hurt tumbling down, you might just drown in the ravine,” I said. 
Loud music and laughter blasted out of the large cave as we drew near.
“I wonder if the cops know about this place?”  
“No,” replied Mark, stepping out of the cave. “And I’ve worked hard to keep it that way.”
I put my hands on my hips. “Where’s Kala?”  
His smile gave me the chills. “Come, I’ll show you, Kendra.”
Tyler looked at me and I knew he felt it too. Mark was acting strange and he hadn’t seemed surprised at all to see us.
Mark glanced at me. “Well, I have to say, Kendra, you’re looking pretty hot. It’s almost like,” he said with a wicked grin.  “Someone put a spell on you.”
“Hey, Kala!” smiled Hailey. She was sitting with a couple of girls and drinking a beer. “I must be seeing things because I could have sworn you just passed by a few minutes ago.”
I smirked. “Maybe you’ve just had too much to drink?”
“Not yet,” she answered and then giggled.
“Don’t worry, Hailey,” smiled Mark. “I’ll let you know tomorrow if you’ve taken off any clothes.”
“Stop about the last time already!” she pouted. “You shouldn’t have been looking anyway!”
I wasn’t about to ask what she meant by that. Tyler just shook his head and removed his sunglasses. 
We followed him deeper into the cave. It was getting darker and after a while, Mark pulled out a flashlight. “Watch out for spiders and other things lurking in the dark,” he said. “You never know what you’ll run into in these caves.”
“Where is Kala?” I asked, getting worried. Why would my sister be hanging out somewhere in the back of this smelly dank cave? 
Mark turned to me. “Don’t worry, we’re almost there.”
We came to a tunnel and he motioned for us to keep following him.
“Are you sure she’s back here?” I asked.
He turned back and gave me a reassuring smile. “Of course. Wait until we get there, you can see for yourself how great she’s doing.”
I shuddered at the way he said that, and even Tyler frowned.
“Here,” said Mark, pointing towards a lit-up passageway. “Come on.”
We followed him through the opening and my breath caught in my throat when I noticed my sister. “Kala?” I whispered in horror.
She lay on a giant slab of rock with her arms and legs tied together. Her eyes were closed and her skin was so pale, she appeared almost… dead. 
“Oh, God!” I screamed, rushing towards her. “What have you done to my sister?”
“Wait!” yelled Tyler, as I slammed into some kind of invisible wall and fell backwards.  
“So we meet again,” chuckled Vivian, stepping out of the shadows of the cave. “Isn’t this a quaint little family reunion?”

 
Chapter Twenty-Two


I stood up. “Let my sister go!”
“No,” she sneered. “I don’t think so.”
With a very determined look, Tyler took a step towards Vivian.
“Freeze!” she demanded, raising her wand. “You try anything, boy, and I’ll kill both girls.”
Tyler clenched his fists. “Leave them alone. They’re not who you’re after.”
“No, but they’re good bait, don’t you think?”
A bright flash of light lit up the cave and I sighed in relief when I saw Rebecca and Clarice appear, both of their wands raised. 
“Teleport!” they cried in unison. Rebecca aimed her wand at me and Clarice aimed hers at Kala.
The next thing I knew, I was transported through the rainbow vortex and landed on my butt at Tyler and Rebecca’s home in Vail.
“What happened?” moaned Kala, who was lying on the plush carpet a few feet away. She rubbed her temples and shuddered. “Man, I don’t feel so good.”
“Oh, my God, Kala,” I cried, crawling over to her. “You’re okay!”
Kala opened her eyes and gasped. “What… what happened to you?”
I smiled sheepishly. “I lost a little weight. It’s a long story.”
She looked around. “Where in the heck are we, and how’d we get here?”
“Um, we’re at my friend Tyler’s house.”
She stood up and swayed. “Oh,” she mumbled, touching her forehead. “I’m a little dizzy.”
“Sit down,” I said, motioning towards the white leather couch. 
Kala stumbled towards the sofa and plopped down. 
“Better?” I asked.
She sighed and put her head in her hands. “I don’t understand, what happened?”
I took a deep breath and started telling her about mom and how she was a powerful witch.
“Excuse me?” she snapped, raising her head. “Are you on crack?”
“Listen, don’t you remember being tied up in the cave? Or the crazy redhead who looked like our mother?”
She glanced at her wrists, which were slightly pink. “I don’t remember being tied up, but I tell you what, I’m never going out with Mark again. He dragged me to that party and then left me alone in the middle of the cave.”
I raised my eyebrows. “So you really don’t remember anything else?”
She shook her head and frowned. “No.”
Before I could say anything else, Tyler burst out of the vortex and landed on the carpet by her feet. Kala backed away from him on the sofa and began screaming.
I placed a hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay, he’s a friend.”
“A friend…where did he come from? He wasn’t here a second ago!”
“He just came from that cave party,” I said. “Like us. We both teleported here as well.”
She put her head back in her hands and moaned. “Okay, someone must have slipped me something in my diet soda. This must be what it’s like to be stoned out of your mind.”
“You’re fine,” I said, sitting down next to her. “Thank God.”  
Tyler cleared his throat. “So, are you two girls okay?” 
“I think so,” I said, turning to him. “Oh, my God, what happened to you?” 
I had been focusing all of my attention on my sister and hadn’t even noticed the horrible shape he was in. His clothes were ripped, he was sweating, and his hand was torn up and bleeding. 
“I’m okay,” he said. “A few scrapes from Vivian. Could have been a lot worse.”
I frowned. “I think you need stitches. What in the heck did she do to you?”
“She blasted me with her wand when I went after her son.”
“Her son?” I asked. 
He nodded. “Yeah, you know, Mark.
“No way, seriously?”
He closed his eyes and let out a painful sigh. “Deadly serious, Kendra.”
“Are you going to be okay?” I asked, seeing his face grow paler.
Before he could answer, Rebecca appeared out of nowhere.
“Is everyone okay?” she asked.
Kala’s face was as white as a ghost. “I’m definitely losing my mind.”
“Tyler’s hand is pretty messed up, other than that, we’re okay. Where’s Clarice?”
“She went to go find your mother. Let me see your hand, Tyler.”
He held out his hand and Rebecca pointed her wand. “Mend.”
Kala and I watched in awe as the skin on his hand began to glow and repair itself. The next time I blinked, his hand looked smooth and free of any injury.   
“Please tell me I’m dreaming,” murmured Kala, “because if I’m not, I should be locked up.
“Oh, you’re not dreaming,” said Rebecca with a reassuring smile. “This is real and someday, you’ll hone the same powers as your mother.”
“It’s true, Kala,” I said. “Like I was trying to tell you, our mother’s a witch. She also has an evil twin sister who practices Black magic and wants to destroy her.”
She laughed, bitterly. “Really? So that she can rule the planet and kill us all.”
“No,” said Rebecca. “Just those who won’t bow down to her every whim.”
“Are you people out of your freaken’ minds?” she yelled. “Our mother runs a daycare! There is no way she could possibly be a witch. That’s absurd and I won’t believe it for a minute!”
“Believe it, honey,” murmured the soft voice of my mother as she began to materialize before our eyes. “Everything you’ve heard, it’s… true.”
 

Chapter Twenty-Three


“Mom!” I cried, stumbling towards her. “Where have you been?”
She raised both of her hands and took a step back. “Wait,” she answered, breathlessly. “Please don’t touch me. It’s too dangerous.”
“What? Are you hurt?” I asked, noticing how pale and delicate she looked.
She swayed slightly and blinked. “Vivian’s… placed a spell on me.” Then before I could say or do anything, she collapsed to the floor.
“Mom!” I sobbed, reaching for her. 
“Wait! Stay back!” hollered Clarice, who suddenly materialized next to her. “You mustn’t touch her!”
Rebecca placed herself between us and then turned to Clarice. “Take Adrianne into my bedroom.”
She waved her wand. Then, they were both gone.
“What in God’s name is wrong with our mother?” choked Kala, who was still sitting on the sofa. “And who are you people?”
Tyler removed his sunglasses and walked stepped forward. “Don’t be afraid,” he said softly.
She stared at him in confusion.
“You must relax and listen to your sister. She’s telling you the truth. You need to be strong so you can help each other.”
Kala’s eyes were now dilated. She nodded her head slowly. “Yes.”
Tyler, who also looked exhausted, turned to me. “Okay, now, talk to her.”
“Kala?” I asked, edging back towards the sofa. “Are you okay?”
She turned to me and I watched as her eyes began to refocus. She nodded. “Yes. I’m just trying to absorb everything.”
Rebecca stepped forward and squeezed her shoulder. Then, she looked at me. “I’ll be right back. I’m going to find out what happened to your mother, although,” she said with a pained expression, “I think it’s pretty obvious.”
“Listen,” I said to Kala as soon as we were alone. “Everything I’ve told you is true. Vivian is mom’s twin sister. She wants to kill her so she can steal all of her magic. I guess if you’re a twin and a witch you can absorb the other one’s magic after they die.”
She turned to me in horror. “Why would her own sister want to do this, and secondly, why didn’t mom ever tell us she was a witch with an evil twin sister?”
I sighed. “To protect us. The less we knew, the better.”
Kala wiped the tears from her eyes.  “This just seems so… crazy,” she laughed bitterly. “I mean witches, spells, and… what about your friend Tyler?” her eyes grew large. “Is he a warlock?”
I shook my head. “No, he’s an Enchanter. Tyler inherited his gifts from his father, who, by the way, was also killed by Vivian.”
“Oh of course,” she mumbled.
“Girls,” said Clarice, coming up behind us. 
We both shot up off of the couch.
She smiled sadly. “We must talk. Please sit down.”
I sat back down next to my sister and cleared my throat. “So, is mom okay?” I asked.
Her face darkened. “Well, she’s been hexed.”
“What does that mean?” asked Kala.
“Vivian has put a curse on your mother.”
Kala’s lips began to tremble. “A curse? What do you mean? Is she going to die?”
Not one to mince words, she replied, “Yes she will die, unless we can stop the curse.”
“Oh, my God!” I moaned. “She might really die? Seriously?”
“How can we stop it?” asked Kala, wiping her eyes. “There must be a way?”
“Vivian must die,” stated Tyler, coming out of the kitchen. “The only way you can save your mother, is to destroy Vivian first.” 
~~~

“How in the world are we supposed to kill her? Wouldn’t you have done it years ago if it was feasible?” I asked.
“We’ve never tried to actually kill her before,” said Clarice. “To be honest, I’m not sure if we’re even strong enough to do it.”
“That’s why we work together,” said Tyler. “She has weaknesses. I know she does. In fact, the Shape-shifters have been watching her for me.”
“How clever, my dear boy. Have they learned her weaknesses yet?” asked Clarice.
He sighed and sat down on the couch. “Well, obviously she needs her wand, without it, she’s not as powerful. Also, Mark. She spoils the crap out of him. He’s her other weakness.”
“Mark?” spat Kala. “That jerk is her son for real? That means…”
“He’s our cousin.”
Kala closed her eyes and groaned. “Thank God I never kissed him.”
“That would have been disturbing,” I said. “He knows we’re cousins, too, I’m sure.”
Clarice nodded. “Oh, yes I’m sure he does.”
Rebecca walked into the room and sighed. “She wants to speak with you girls, just be careful not to touch her. The spell that’s been cast upon her is like a poison. If you touch her, you’ll be vulnerable to the curse as well.”
“We can’t touch her at all?” I asked.
“No. I’m sorry,” replied Rebecca.
My sister and I looked at each other sadly. 
“Let’s go,” I said, grabbing her hand.
“Follow me,” said Rebecca, leading us down a long hallway.
We entered a beautiful, dimly-lit room on the other side of the house where our mother was now tucked inside of a luxurious king-sized bed. 
“Come closer, just don’t touch me,” she murmured. 
I stood over her and marveled at how fragile she looked. Not only was her face pale, but she looked almost gaunt, nothing like the healthy woman who’d fed me breakfast this morning. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, with tears in my eyes.  
“You have nothing to be sorry about,” she sighed. “It’s my fault. I should have told you a long time ago. I just didn’t want you to get hurt.”
“We understand,” I said.
“What did you do to yourself?” asked mom.
I smiled sheepishly. “A potion, to lose weight.”
“Oh, Kendra…”
“But mom, you wanted me to lose weight.”
She shook her head. “I wanted you to be healthy. Potions are dangerous and not worth the risk. Please, don’t ever do something like that again.”
I nodded.
“Are you really going to die?” asked Kala. “Is it true?”
She swallowed. “Girls, I won’t die and do you know why? Because you’re going to destroy her.”
I stared at her in shock. “Us? How can we do anything against her? She’s a powerful sorceress.”  
Mom smiled. “She is not the only one. You two, together, can stop her.”
“But we don’t know the first thing about being a witch,” argued Kala. “We know nothing of casting spells or witchcraft. I mean, all of this stuff was thrown on me fifteen minutes ago, although Kendra seems to have known about it much longer.”
I frowned. “Hey, I just found out about it today, too. Cut me some slack.”
She sighed. “Well, whatever. The point is we don’t know how to be witches so there has to be another way.”
Mom closed her eyes for a minute. 
“Are you okay?” I asked.
She nodded and then reopened her eyes, which looked very tired. “Yes, just very weak from this… curse.”
“I’m sorry for upsetting you, mom,” whispered Kala.
She shook her head. “Oh, God, don’t be. Now, I have something important to tell you. Listen to me carefully – in the attic there is an old trunk with all of my… secrets.” She paused to catch her breath. “To unlock it, you only need to say, ‘Michael, I love you’, and then… it will open.”
Michael was our father’s name.
She went on. “I have a spell book in the trunk. In this book is a very powerful spell called ‘Removal.’ If you can get to that book and use the spell while you’re standing before her, Vivian will disappear and… never bother any one of us again. She will be gone and the spell she’s cast on me will also be removed. But, this is important, you have to say it and believe, without a doubt, that it will work.”
Her eyes closed again and it looked like she’d stopped breathing.
“Mom?” I choked in horror.
“I’m… okay,” she answered in a breathless whisper. She opened her haunted blue eyes up again and smiled weakly. “I’m still here.”
“How much time do we have?” I asked, wishing I could do something for her right now.    
She licked her lips, which were dry and cracked, as if something was sucking every ounce of life out of her. “You have twenty-four hours. Around four… tomorrow evening. But, I believe in you girls. You have it in you to defeat her, especially together. As a team. ”
Kala looked at me. “Defeat her?” 
I pursed my lips and nodded. “We have no choice. We have to try.”
“Now, regardless of whether or not I make it, she must be stopped at all costs. If not, everyone will suffer. Her heart is as cold and black as death…” she whispered before her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she passed out.

 
Chapter Twenty-Four



Clarice stayed with our mother while the rest of us quickly teleported to “Secrets.”
“So, what happens after we find this spell book? How are we supposed to get close enough to Vivian to perform it without her killing us first?” I asked, brushing the dust from my knees. I’d teleported with Tyler again, who obviously needed to work on his traveling skills, because we’d landed in a pile of discarded rags in the stockroom.  
Rebecca raised her wand. “I’m going to keep her busy while you two recite the spell.”
Tyler’s face darkened. “Just be careful, mom.”
She pulled her hair back and tied it into a ponytail. “Listen, I’ve had to deal with Vivian before. I can handle myself.”
He sighed. “Yes, but Clarice told me that Vivian is already gaining power now that Adrianne is losing her own strength.”
Kala and I looked at each other. We’d already lost our father, and the thought of losing our mom was too horrible to even imagine.
“We’re going to park up the block and I’ll keep an eye out for trouble while you guys sneak back to the house. I don’t think Vivian will be hanging around, but you never know.”
“Okay, let’s get this over with before one of us chickens out,” I said, noticing how tense Kala was.
Her eyes narrowed. “You’re not talking about me, are you?”  
“You do look pretty tense,” said Tyler.
“Wouldn’t you look tense, too,” she snapped, “if your mother was dying, and you’d already lost your dad?”
Seeing the stricken look on Tyler’s face, I winced.
“Believe it or not, I get it,” he said, in an even tone.
“No, I don’t think you really do,” she mumbled, staring out the window.
“Kala,” I said, “Tyler gets it more than anyone. Vivian already murdered his father.”
She stared at him in horror. “Oh, my God. I’m so sorry. I didn’t…”
“It’s fine,” he interrupted. “Let’s just go and find her before she can hurt anyone else.”
We all piled into Clarice’s Buick, which was parked behind the store. 
“Wouldn’t it be easier just to teleport?” asked Kala.
“No, she’ll sense it,” said Tyler.
“Why didn’t she show up at ‘Secrets’ then?” she asked.
“Because the shop is protected by one of my spells. Your house was, too, until Mark found out who you really were. Your mother told me that the house was only protected from Vivian, but not from Mark, because she wasn’t aware of him.”
“So, Mark can perform magic, too?” asked Kala.
Rebecca nodded. “Yes, he’s a warlock, and now that he is honing his powers, he’s potentially a very dangerous enemy.” 
“Jeez,” I said, turning towards Kala. “And you thought he was cute.”
“He must have put a spell on me,” she muttered.
It was almost eight o’clock by the time we reached our neighborhood.
“I’m going first,” said Tyler, as Kala and I followed him out of the car. “I’ll send you a signal if I see any danger.”
“Maybe we should go through the back alley,” whispered Kala. “It’s less conspicuous.” 
“I don’t know about that,” I said. “Tyler and I were attacked in the alley earlier. If she’s around, it won’t matter which way we go, she’ll figure it out.”
“Just keep your eyes on the trees,” said Tyler. 
“Why?” asked Kala.
“Vivian uses birds to spy on people,” I answered. “Believe me, it’s pretty freaky.”
Tyler jogged down the street ahead of us and we crept through the darkness, both of us nervous and scared beyond belief.
“Is it just me, or do you feel like someone is watching us?” whispered Kala.
The hair on the back of my neck was standing straight up. “Oh, yeah. In fact, I feel like someone’s going to jump out of the bushes at any moment.”
She pointed. “Look, Tyler’s already made it to the door,” said Rebecca.
He turned to us and waved his arm, motioning us forward. We picked up our pace and quickly joined him on the porch.
“Door’s open,” he whispered. He pushed the door open slowly and we all stepped inside.
My eyes darted around the dark living room, the one I’d always felt so safe in. Even from where I was standing, the entire house seemed so quiet and normal, but the truth was, I was so frightened, I felt like throwing up. Every little sound freaked me out, from the furnace clicking on, to the tick-tock of our old grandfather clock. 
“She said the trunk was in the attic,” I whispered.
“I’m going to cast a protection spell on your house while you’re in the attic,” said Rebecca, appearing out of the nowhere.
“Oh, my God, don’t do that,” I whispered loudly. “You scared the crap out of me!”
“Sorry.” She raised her wand in the air. “Something told me it wouldn’t be wise to leave you children unattended. Now, this spell might not work, especially if Vivian has already casted a ‘Spell Blocker’, but it’s definitely worth a try.” She then raised her wand and began to chant under her breath. Seconds later, a blast of light shot out of her wand and lit the corners of the house up.
“Crap,” she said, as the light quickly died. “I don’t think it worked. We need to find that book as quickly as possible.” 
“Okay, I’m going outside to watch the house and see if I can contact Trixie,” said Tyler, moving down the hallway and towards the back door.
“Let’s go,” said Rebecca, walking towards the stairs.
“What’s going on between you two?” whispered Kala as we followed Rebecca.
I looked at her. “I’m not sure yet.”
“He’s cute.”
I smiled. “Yes, very.”
“Is this your mom’s room?” asked Rebecca, stepping inside. 
“Yes,” I answered. “The attic entrance is in her walk-in closet.”
Rebecca stepped over to the closet and opened the door. I noticed that the smell of my mother’s perfume still lingered in the air, and it was somewhat comforting. 
“Have you ever been in the attic?” asked Rebecca, waving her wand up towards the entrance on the ceiling. It opened and a long white ladder materialized out of thin air. 
“Uh, no, I don’t think Kala and I have ever been up there. We were always afraid there’d be mice or bats hiding inside.”
“Well, there very well could be,” said Rebecca, climbing the ladder. “But right now, we should be more frightened of Vivian.”
I couldn’t agree more.
I followed her up the ladder with Kala close behind. When I stuck my head inside of the opening, I couldn’t see much of anything in the darkness.
“Rebecca?” I whispered.
“Hold on.” She raised her wand. “Light and Sparkle.”
The next thing I knew, the attic began to light up and there was a whirlwind of movement all around. Moments later, there was a blast of light so bright, I had to cover my eyes. When it finally dimmed, I reopened my eyes and found the entire attic clean and organized.   
“Nice. I wish I could do that,” I smiled, standing up.
“You’ll be able to soon enough,” promised Rebecca, as Kala pulled herself inside.
“Look,” I pointed towards the south corner of the attic, “that must be the trunk. I’ve never seen it before.”
“Yes, indeed,” said Rebecca as we moved towards it.
It was an old brown Victorian trunk with leather strap enclosures. I looked at Kala. “Um, remember, we have to say the words to open it.”
“Oh, okay. Michael, I love you?” said Kala.
The trunk didn’t even move.
“You have to say it with more feeling. Magic won’t work if you aren’t completely convinced that it will,” reminded Rebecca.
I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and said, “Michael, I love you.”
“It’s working!” cried Kala.
I opened my eyes and watched as the trunk’s lid sparkled brightly and then popped open.
Kala squealed with delight. “You did it! I guess you’re a true believer.”
“After today, how could I not be?” I said, bending down to look inside.
There were several items in the trunk, including a wand, a broken broom, a few pieces of jewelry, and crystals. Right now, however, all of our attention was on the thick spell book at the bottom.
I picked up the old, leather-covered book and opened it up carefully. 
“Be careful,” whispered Rebecca.
I nodded. The pages were old and worn, obviously hundreds of years old.
“Have you ever seen this before?” I asked her. 
She bent down on one knee. “No, but I believe it was your grandmother’s. She was a very powerful witch.”
“I saw a picture of her once, but mom never really said much about her. She was very secretive about a lot of things, now that I think about it.”
“Well, it makes sense now, doesn’t it?” muttered Kala. “Mom’s a witch with many secrets.”
“Something’s amiss,” said Rebecca, standing up quickly. Her brows furrowed. “I think Tyler’s in danger. I’ll be right back.” She then raised her wand and disappeared.
“Let’s bring the book downstairs,” I said. “We’ll need to find that spell and figure out how we’re going to locate Vivian, too.”
A sudden bright flash of light blinded both of us. I winced and covered my eyes.
“Find me?” chuckled Vivian. “I don’t think that’s going to be a problem.”
My eyes snapped open and I stared in horror again at the woman who looked so much like our mother. She pointed her wand at us, but then suddenly appeared to have changed her mind. She smiled wickedly. “No… I think I’d rather have you around, so you can fully appreciate my powers, especially when your mother shrivels up and dies.”
“Why do you hate her so much?” I hollered, horrified that she could be so heartless. “You’re sisters! How can you be so cruel as to want her dead?”
Vivian’s blue eyes narrowed. “Why? I suppose you wouldn’t know. Your mother had many secrets and she probably wouldn’t have shared this kind of information with you. She wouldn’t want anyone to know what kind of a person she really was.”
“We didn’t even know she was a witch,” muttered Kala.
“But we know she was a good person, one with a heart of gold,” I said, raising my chin. Nobody was going to tell me otherwise. 
Vivian snorted. “A heart of gold? No, she’s a deceitful, lying, little fool who should have never tried to cross me.”
I thought about this woman before me who’d killed Tyler’s father and now wanted to destroy our family. I glared at her. “How did she cross you?”      
“Your loving mother,” she sneered, “took something that meant the world to me. She took it without regret and didn’t care what it would do to me. She was the one who forgot that we were sisters.”
“What did she take?” whispered Kala.
Vivian was suddenly distracted by the book in my arms. She pointed. “What’s that?”
“Um, nothing,” I replied, backing away.
“Give that to me, foolish girl,” she hollered. “I know exactly what that book is and it was my mother’s. It doesn’t belong to you!”
I glared at her. “Obviously it doesn’t belong to you, either. It’s my mother’s now.”
Vivian raised her wand and the book vanished out of my hands and appeared in hers. She smiled in satisfaction. “I always wondered what happened to this old thing.”
“Please,” I begged her. “Take your hex off of our mother and keep the book. You really can’t hate her that much?”
The look she gave me chilled me to the bone. “Oh, but I do.”
“Tell us then why, at the very least,” begged Kala.
She smiled bitterly. “Adrianne took something that could never be replaced. The man I loved with all of my heart. Michael.”
“Our father?” I gasped.
Her eyes filled with hate. “Yes, your father. I had Michael first but she stole him from me. And now,” she smiled coldly, “I’m stealing her life away from her and I want everyone to suffer the way I have all of these years!”
“Mark?” I whispered in horror. “Mark is our brother?”
She smirked. “He’s your half-brother, but only in blood.” She smiled and lowered her voice. “He hates you both as much as I hate Adrianne.”
Before I could respond, she clutched the spell book against her chest and disappeared with the only means we had to save our mother.

 
Chapter Twenty-Five

“What are we going to do?” cried Kala.
“I don’t know,” I whispered, horrified. “She has the book, obviously. I just don’t know.”
She grabbed my arm. “Let’s go find Rebecca.”
“Okay,” I said, bending down into the trunk again. “Let’s take mom’s wand with us. It might be of some help.”  
“Good idea…oh, my God, what’s happening?” gasped Kala, as the wand began to radiate in my hand.
“I don’t know, but my fingers feel funny,” I said, staring at my hand, which was beginning to glow and tingle.
“Maybe you should put that wand down.”
“No,” replied woman’s voice.
It was coming from the wand!
Kala and I stared at each other in shock.
“Don’t be afraid, dear,” said the wand. “It’s just part of the bonding process.”
“Bonding process?” I squeaked.
“Yes,” answered the wand, sounding amused. “I have to make sure we are compatible.”
“Uh, what would happen if we weren’t?”
“If you tried casting a spell and we weren’t compatible, one of us would more than likely… perish.”
“What?” I gasped, wanting to get rid of it.
“Don’t let go of me, dear! You’ve passed the test and we are indeed compatible.”
I breathed a sigh of relief as my hand stopped glowing and the tingling receded. “Wow, you frightened me there for a minute.”
“Are all wands like you?” asked Kala.
“No. It just so happens that I was manifested in 1956 by Isadora Jenkins, a very powerful sorceress.”
“Was she a good witch or a bad witch?” I asked.
“She didn’t consider herself evil, but she did indeed practice the art of Black magic. Her sister, Fedora, on the other hand, practiced only White, and I was created as a gift for her.”
“Oh… so, you are a supposed to be used for White magic only?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“If I dabbled in Black magic, we wouldn’t be compatible, then?”
The wand hesitated and then spoke again. “It’s a bit more complicated than that. I am only compatible with those who would not use magic specifically for their own personal gain. Some witches who practice White magic are still… not so pure of heart.”
“Oh.”
Kala smiled. “That must mean you’re pure of heart.”
“I didn’t feel so pure yesterday when I was getting teased at school,” I said. “If I would have had a wand and a chance to get rid of Mark or Hailey Bates, I wouldn’t have thought twice about it.”
“May I say something?” asked the wand.
“Uh, certainly,” I said.
“Don’t confuse your temporary emotions, like humiliation or sadness, with hate, greed, or malevolence. Even those pure of heart fall victim to the emotions caused by others. Obviously, you are not capable of intentionally hurting others for personal gain. If you were, we wouldn’t be having this conversation right now.”
I didn’t miss the meaning behind those words. If I was more like my aunt, I’d be dead.
“That’s it!” I cried. “We have to find Rebecca!”
“What?” asked Kala.
“I know how to stop her,” I said, my heart pounding in my chest as I raced out of the attic and flew downstairs.
“Seriously?” asked Kala, following me.
“Yes, I just hope it works. Rebecca!”
Just then, Rebecca materialized, her face stricken with grief.
“What… what’s happened? Where’s Tyler?” I asked, afraid of her answer.
“I don’t know. I can’t find him anywhere,” she answered, tears in her eyes. “I think Vivian might have done something to him.”
My stomach clenched. 
Not Tyler, too! 
“Vivian was just here,” said Kala. “She has the spell book.”
“We have to find her,” said Rebecca. “Before she hurts Tyler and your mother…” She closed her eyes. “Before things get worse.”
“Do you know where she’d be?” I asked.
She waved her wand and her purse appeared, floating next to her waist. “I have something that might lead us to her,” she said, opening it up.
“What, a magical crystal ball?” asked Kala, looking hopeful.
She shook her head and pulled out a book. “No,” she said, showing us the cover. “Your school’s address book.”
I snorted. “What?”
“When I registered Tyler for school during the summer, they gave me one.”
Kala’s eyes widened. “Do you really seriously think Vivian would list theirs when she registered Mark last year?”
“That’s what I’m hoping,” she said, looking through the pages. “It’s a longshot, but I don’t know what else to do.”
“I know how to stop Vivian,” I said.
Rebecca looked at me in surprise. “What do you mean? How?”
I held up my mother’s wand. “Do you know about this wand?”
“I know it’s your mom’s,” she said. “And that it’s a very dangerous wand, one that you don’t want to mess around with.”
“Well, Kendra has bonded with the wand,” blurted my sister. “Or it bonded with her, whatever the case may be.”
“You have to be very careful with that thing,” warned Rebecca. “Your mother told me years ago that she didn’t even feel comfortable handling it. That’s why she used a different one most of the time.”
Kala’s eyes widened. “Why? She was pure of heart, obviously.”
“So, you know about that?” smiled Rebecca.
“The wand told us,” I said.
She stared at the wand in amusement. “Ah… interesting. Your mother was never able to make it talk.”
“Another finicky wand?” I asked, thinking of Clarice’s.
She nodded. “I guess. Anyway, what did it say to you?”
I relayed my conversation with the wand and Rebecca’s eyes lit up. “I’m not even sure if Adrianne was aware of how dangerous the wand could be to a malevolent witch. You know, this might just work.”
“What?” asked Kala.
I turned to my sister, who obviously hadn’t gotten it yet. “If we can get Vivian to use the wand, it just might destroy her.”
 

Chapter Twenty-Six

“Might destroy her,” said Rebecca. “She’s already so powerful that the chances are pretty slim.”
“Well, I say we go for it anyway,” I said. “I mean, she has the spell book and you’ve pretty much stated that you can’t stop her yourself. Kala and I are new to all of this and don’t know the first thing about witchcraft. What other choice do we have?”
“Right now, none,” agreed Rebecca. 
“Did you hear that?” whispered Kala. “I think someone’s outside.”
“Don’t worry, I think I know who this is,” said Rebecca as she walked over to the front door opened it. Standing on the other side was Trixie and a guy whose features were similar. Both of them had a soft glow about them that could only be described as… mystical.
“Trixie and Bailey,” beamed Rebecca, stepping back. “Come in, please.”
“We’ve come to help,” said Trixie, who looked just as breathtaking and ethereal as earlier.
Rebecca’s eyes lit up. “Do you know where Vivian has taken Tyler? Did you see anything?”
“I did,” replied Bailey. He was tall, with broad shoulders and longish blond hair. “I followed them. Vivian cast a spell on Tyler and he was knocked unconscious. I believe he’s still alive, though.”
Rebecca put her hand on her chest and sighed in relief. “Oh, thank God, I was so worried.”
“We’ll find them,” he said, placing his hand on her shoulder. “Don’t worry, Rebecca.”
“With Vivian, it’s hard not to,” she said. 
He nodded and turned toward us. “You must be Adrianne’s daughters?”
“Oh, God, where are my manners? I forgot to introduce you,” said Trixie, raising her hand. “This is my brother, Bailey.”
“Hi,” I said shyly. I had to admit, he was gorgeous, with his silvery blue eyes and perfectly sculpted features, but truthfully, all I could think about was Tyler and my mother. “I’m Kendra.”
We shook hands and then he turned to Kala whose own eyes were glazed over with adoration.
“You are clearly Kendra’s sister,” he said, smiling in amusement. Obviously, being fawned over was nothing new to him.
“Yes, I’m Kala,” she answered, her cheeks turning pink. “So… um, are you a witch or some kind of warlock?”
“No. I’m a Shape-shifter,” he answered, puffing his chest out a little.
“Oh, how… wonderful,” she gushed, fluttering her eyelashes. “That must be so exciting.” 
He crossed his arms under his chest and nodded. “Well, yes, it certainly has its moments.”
I bit my lip to keep from laughing.
“We don’t have much time,” interrupted Rebecca. “We need to find Tyler and stop the curse. Lead the way, Bailey.”
He dropped his arms. “We’ll need to teleport. They’re in New York.”
I raised my eyebrows. “New York?”
“Well, to tell you the truth… it makes perfect sense,” said Rebecca. “With her interest in the theater and her music. I guess I should have figured that out before.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Rebecca. She covers her tracks well,” said Trixie. “It wasn’t easy to follow either of them. It took Bailey a while before he actually found her real home in New York.”
“So, they don’t even live in Bayport?” I asked.
“They don’t have to,” said Bailey. “Vivan and Mark can teleport anywhere in the world.”
I rubbed the bridge of my nose, feeling so vulnerable. How in the world was I going to help stop someone as powerful as Vivian? And right now our mother was dying and poor Tyler was at her mercy. My stomach tightened into a knot. “What do you think she wants with Tyler?”  
Rebecca’s eyes darkened. “Revenge, for what his father did. I have a feeling she’ll torture him if we don’t get moving. Bailey?”
“Let’s move,” he said. “Join hands and we’ll teleport together.”
“You know how to teleport?” asked Kala, reaching quickly for his hand.
He nodded. “There are many things us Shape-shifters have learned throughout the years.”
“It also helps to have a mother and an aunt who are witches,” smirked Rebecca. “Right, nephew?”
He grinned.
I joined hands with Trixie and Rebecca.
“Now, she lives in Long Beach, right near the ocean. There’s a small wooded area behind her home and I’m going to aim for that,” said Bailey. 
“Let’s go,” said Rebecca.
I closed my eyes, and within seconds, felt myself being sucked into the vortex. This time I kept my eyes closed and pictured Tyler’s face, praying we’d find him alive.

 
Chapter Twenty-Seven


“Get down,” whispered Bailey when we landed in the darkness next to a swimming pool behind a white colonial mansion. 
“I think we missed the woods but found the party,” I said, staring at the impressive house in surprise. It was almost midnight, the place was lit up like a Christmas tree, and music flowed from somewhere inside.
“Definitely looks like a party,” whispered Trixie, as dozens of shadows moved behind the curtained windows of the house. “This could be very bad.”
“Or it might just make it easier for us to sneak inside,” said Bailey.
“Who has a swimming pool when your house faces the ocean?” whispered Kala, as we crouched down and moved towards a light blue cabana for cover. 
“Vivian,” answered Rebecca. “The woman has an insatiable appetite for luxury when she isn’t trying to destroy those she hates.”
“It’s amazing how totally different two twin sisters could be,” said Kala. “Mom’s not a spender and would never treat herself to anything. She won’t even spend the money to get her hair cut.”
“But it always looks good,” I winked. “I think we now know why.”
“Oh…” smiled Kala, “that makes sense.”
“Okay, so here’s the plan,” interrupted Bailey. “Trixie and I will slip inside and look around.” 
“I don’t know if it’s going to be that easy. Vivian is probably having some kind of celebration,” said Rebecca with a grim smile, “and I’m sure her guests aren’t the kind you’d want to mess around with. They’re probably part of her coven.”
“Oh crap,” I said, biting my lower lip. Dealing with Vivian was bad enough, but an entire coven of witches? It was too scary to imagine but too real to ignore. As far as I was concerned, things weren’t looking very good for the White-witch team.
“Don’t worry, Kendra,” said Bailey, with a reassuring smile. “Danger isn’t new to our world.”
Could he also read minds?
He took a step back and seconds later, appeared before us as a sleek, white cat.
“Oh!” gasped Kala, her eyes round.
“Splendid idea,” smiled Trixie. Then, in the blink of an eye, she changed into the form of a small gray mouse. 
“Be careful,” whispered Rebecca, as they took off towards the house, both on four legs.
“What should we do now?” I whispered, shivering. The wind was cool and I was kicking myself for not wearing any kind of jacket.
She rubbed her forehead. “We’ll wait a bit for them to report back. If it takes too long, however, I’m going to try and find a way to get inside of the house.” 
“You said that Vivian could sense if we were close or if someone was using magic. How come she doesn’t know we’re here right now?” I asked. “Especially after teleporting?”
“Fortunately for us, she lives by the ocean, which sometimes blocks a witch’s radar. If she knew we were here, I’m sure we wouldn’t be having this conversation right now.”
“Speaking of magic, can’t you just use yours now to get us inside?” asked Kala.
“Unfortunately, no. She has a spell around her house, blocking any unwanted… guests,” she said, closing her eyes. She raised her hands in the air and exhaled, slowly. “Try and see if you can feel it, too.”
I closed my eyes and raised my hands. “Uh, sorry, I’m not feeling anything.”
“I do,” whispered Kala. 
I turned to her in surprise. “What does it feel like?” 
Her forehead wrinkled in concentration. “Um, it just kind of makes my skin tingle. Almost feels like pin-prickles, I guess.”
“Yes,” said Rebecca. “Very good.”
“Why can’t I feel it?” I asked, closing my eyes to try again.
“Because of me,” stated my new wand, apparently in the chatting mood again.
I opened my eyes and stared at it in surprise. “You?”
“Yes. That menial spell of hers isn’t strong enough to keep you out, as long as you have me in your possession,” said the wand, in a smug tone. 
“Awesome,” I grinned.
“Just thought I’d put my two cents in. Now, carry on,” said the wand.
“Wands aren’t much for small talk, are they?” I asked after a few minutes of silence.
 “No” replied Rebecca. “Some never even speak at all; which can sometimes be a good thing.”
“I heard that, madam,” snapped the wand. “Not amusing.”
“I didn’t mean you, personally. What is your name, by the way?” she asked the wand.
The wand didn’t answer.
“See, they can be very stubborn,” whispered Rebecca.
“I’m not daft,” snapped the wand. “My name is Chloe. Now, if you’d like my advice, I would stop wasting precious time and send us into that house.”
Surprisingly, I agreed. “I’m with Chloe. Something tells me that Tyler’s time is running out, as well as our mother’s.”
Rebecca paled. “Okay, um…I just hate to send you in there alone…”
“She has me,” said Chloe. “Now, prepare for our ascent, child.”
I raised my eyebrows. “What?”
The next thing I knew, the wand began to glow and I soon found myself in a dark library.
“Stay still,” whispered Chloe.
Before I could ask her why, a dog began to growl.
I whipped my head around towards the sound and found myself staring into the eyes of a large Doberman Pincher.
 
Chapter Twenty-Eight


“Uh, nice puppy?” I squeaked.
The dog growled louder and then began baring its teeth.
“Chloe, a little help?”  
“Casting spells is your department, dear. I’m your instrument, not your instructor.”
I raised the wand. “Uh…Go away?”
Nothing happened.
“Chloe?”
“Look, I can’t do this for you, and in order for the spell to work, you need to actually have faith that it will. Try harder, witch.”
Witch? 
I pursed my lips. That’s right – I really was a witch, wasn’t I?
I took a deep breath, aimed the wand, and this time, put every ounce of faith in my command. “Depart!”
The dog turned around and bolted out of the room.
“Nice,” I smiled, nodding in approval.
“Quickly, we must locate the boy and the Shape-shifters.”
Crap.
“Are they all in trouble?”
“Yes,” said the wand. “I believe so. I sense a growing frenzy down below.”
“Shouldn’t we tell Rebecca? So she can help?”
“There’s no time. Prepare yourself.”
Before I could protest, she transported me into a dark hallway in another part of the house, where I could hear several voices emulating from a nearby room.
“I say we keep him and kill the girl,” snarled a woman with a deep, husky voice. “I’m sure we could find many uses for him.”
“Behave, Beldora!” chuckled another woman. “He’s much too young for you, anyway.”
“I’m only one-hundred and seven… besides, he’s a Shape-shifter – he’s probably a century older than me!”
“Calm down, ladies,” interrupted Vivian. “You can do whatever you’d like with these two. My concern is that they’re not here alone. We need to search the premises and destroy anyone not welcome. Now, we should go quickly.”
Crap.
A doorway down the hallway flew open and I quickly pointed the wand at myself and whispered. “Hide, Invisible, Conceal.”
The wand lit up and then disappeared, along with my arm, and hopefully – the rest of me.
The first two women who stepped out of the doorway stopped abruptly. Both wore black gothic-styled robes.
“Did you hear something?” asked the taller one with long, blonde hair and red-painted lips.
The other woman had dark hair pulled into a bun and piercing eyes that seemed to stare right through me from down the hallway. “I’m not sure.”
“Quit dawdling,” commanded Vivian, stepping around them. Her robe was made of red velvet, and obviously much more luxurious than the others. “We need to move quickly.”  
“Yes, Vivian,” replied both women.
I watched in horror as ten other women, also dressed in black robes, stepped out of the room and began following Vivian, who was heading in my direction. All of the blood rushed to my ears. 
Crap…crap…crap…
As they grew closer, I held my breath and pushed myself back against the wall, praying that they wouldn’t somehow sense me there.
“What about Tyler?” asked the blonde with the ruby-red lips. “Have you made a decision yet?”
A cruel smile spread across Vivian’s face as she passed me by. “I’m going to make sure his mother gets to watch him take his last breath, but not before I make them both suffer miserably.”

 
Chapter Twenty-Nine


As soon as the witches were gone, I rushed down the hallway and entered what appeared to be some kind of large gathering room. Three blue sofas along with six gold-colored chairs were arranged in a circle, and lying on the floor in the center, were Trixie and Bailey in their human forms.
“Oh, my God, what happened?” I asked, moving towards them. 
“Spell,” replied Bailey in a hoarse voice.
Both of their faces were twisted in pain, and although I couldn’t see any restraints, it was obvious that they were somehow being subdued.
I raised the wand and started spouting off commands. “Release curse! Immunity! Remove Bonds!”
“You’re wasting your time,” sighed Chloe. “I can’t remove this curse.”
“Chloe? How can I help?” I whispered loudly. “They’re in horrible pain. How can we stop it?”
“Kill Vivian,” replied a familiar voice. 
I turned around and found him hanging, in what appeared to be, some kind of human birdcage.
“Oh, thank God, Tyler!” I cried, rushing towards him. Thankfully, he appeared to be in good health and not suffering, like the Shape-shifters.
“Kendra? Is it really you? Where in the heck are you?” he asked, staring right past me.
“I’m invisible.” I touched his fingers through the cage. “Are you all right?”
He smiled grimly. “Oh, I’m peachy. These witches really know how to throw a shindig.”
I smiled. “I know you can’t see me, but… I’m so happy to see you.” My lips began to tremble. “I thought she might have…”
His squeezed my fingers. “Hey, it’s okay. I haven’t been hurt, just made a little uncomfortable in this stupid cage. Nothing like Bailey and Trixie.” His face darkened. “She’s placed some kind of spell, rendering them helpless and obviously in a lot of pain.”
Just then, Mark stepped through the doorway. “Talking to yourself, vampire?” he asked with a smirk. 
Tyler released my fingers and moved away. “Look who’s talking, witch.”
Mark scowled. “I’m a warlock, imbecile, and it would be wise to show me some respect if you’d like to live another hour.”
Tyler’s face grew serious and he stared at him with intensity.
Mark snorted. “Don’t even try it, Enchanter, mother has placed a spell on me, to protect me from your lame antics.”
Tyler sneered. “Need mother to protect you, huh?”
“Obviously, you do as well – otherwise you wouldn’t be here in the first place.”
“Why don’t you let me out of this cage and we’ll settle this like two guys instead of our mothers’… pets? Or don’t you believe you’re man enough?”
Mark’s eyes narrowed. “You couldn’t put me down if I let you. You’re a skinny little twerp who doesn’t know when to shut his hole.”
“Just what I thought, you’re scared of me,” chuckled Tyler, staring at his nails. 
His face grew red and he clenched his fists at his side. “Screw you. I could take you with my hands tied behind my back.”
“Is that right?”
“Hey, I know what you’re doing, freak. You’re just trying to trick me into letting you out.”
“Even if you let me out, I’m surrounded by witches. That must make you feel safer, hiding behind the skirts of all of these women.”
“Shut up, douchebag!”
Tyler folded his arms across his chest. “Obviously, you can’t make me. Not by yourself.”
Mark’s eyes burned with hate. “That’s it. You want to fight? Fine. I’m not afraid of you! Your powers are dead here, Enchanter!” he spat, pulling out a long, skinny wand from his back pocket. He aimed it at the cage. “You want to use bare knuckles?  Well, I’m down with that. Release!”
The cage door opened and I held my breath.  
Tyler crawled out and then stood up, facing Mark. “What are you waiting for?” he asked with a cocky grin. 
Mark put his wand back into his pocket and before I could blink, launched himself at Tyler, knocking him backwards and onto the wood-paneled floor.
“You think I need magic to break you, smartass?” growled Mark, who was now on top of Tyler and pulling his fist back. “Think again!”
Before Mark could follow through with his punch, Tyler reached up, grabbed him by the neck, and shoved his aside with more strength than I would have thought he had. Then he moved behind Mark, slid his arm around his neck, and put him in a choke-hold. After a few seconds, Mark’s eyes rolled into the back of his head and he went limp.
“Oh, my God,” I gasped, still in shock. “Is he dead?”
“No, just unconscious for a bit. Here, take his wand,” he said, holding it out to me.
I grabbed it. Fortunately, it didn’t try bonding with me. “What now?”
“Cast a spell.”
My eyes widened. “Can’t you?”
He frowned. “No, remember they’ve put some kind of spell on me. My powers aren’t working at the moment.”
“But you can use a wand, can’t you?”
He shook his head. “A wand will only work for a true witch.”
“But you’re half witch, aren’t you?”
“Half warlock, but I’ve never been able to use a wand. They just don’t seem to work for me.”
“Oh.” I held out my own wand and pointed it towards Mark. “Uh, disappear!?”
Nothing happened.
“Be gone!” I called out, shrilly.
Tyler rubbed the bridge of his nose. “You really don’t know what you’re doing, do you?”
“Obviously, no,” I said, suddenly angry. “This is all new to me. I mean, I haven’t had any training, none whatsoever. So guess what?” I raised my voice. “I’m freaken’ winging it!”
“Sorry,” he said, looking embarrassed and hurt.
I closed my eyes and sighed. “No, I’m sorry,” I said. “You didn’t deserve that.”
Just then, Mark opened his eyes and reached for Tyler. I pointed my wand at him and hollered, “Depart, dark warlock!”
This time, he disappeared into thin air.
“Where’d he go?” I whispered.
Tyler stood up and brushed off his pants. “Does it really matter?”
“I guess not.”
Bailey started moaning again. I turned around and stared at him, feeling so helpless. “Tyler, we have to help those two. I almost forgot.”  
“Try using Mark’s wand,” he said, moving towards Trixie, who now appeared to have passed out from whatever pain she was feeling. “Since he’s Vivian’s son, you might be able to somehow reverse the spell.”
“Can you actually do that? Reverse someone else’s spell?”
“I don’t really know. But, it’s worth a shot.”
I stared at Mark’s wand and bit the side of my lower lip. “His wand is probably used for Black magic, though, don’t you think?”
He shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. You should still be able to use it.”
I was about to tell him about my wand and what a mistake it would be if anyone else tried using it when Vivian materialized next to Tyler. Fortunately, I was still invisible.
“How did you get out of the cage, and where in the world is Mark?” she snarled, her blue eyes blazing with fury.
“He let me out,” smirked Tyler, “and then left to get us some tacos. If you’re nice, I’ll share some with you.”
She scowled. “You think you’re pretty funny, don’t you? Well, something is definitely amiss, here… but,” she smiled triumphantly. “I know how to correct it.” She then snapped her fingers.
“Mother!” hollered Tyler, as Rebecca and Kala materialized with their captors, four of Vivian’s witches.
“Tyler,” she replied, her eyes filling with tears. “Thank goodness, you’re okay.”
“What happened to them?” gasped Kala, staring at Bailey and Trixie, who were now both, apparently, unconscious.
“The same thing that’s going to happen to you if you don’t tell me where your meddling sister is,” snarled Vivian.
“I… I really don’t know,” said Kala, taking a step backwards.
Vivian moved closer and grabbed her by the jaw. She grinned evilly. “Do you think that just because we’re family, I’d hesitate to kill you?”
Kala’s eyes filled with tears. “No, I’d never make any assumptions about you. I swear.”
Vivian stared at Kala for a few more seconds and then released her chin. “Good girl, now tell me where she is or I’ll kill your friends, starting with… him,” she said, pointing towards Tyler. She wrinkled her nose. “He’s already giving me a headache.”
“Don’t you dare touch him,” snapped Rebecca. 
“Oh, and what are you going to do about it?” asked Vivian, moving towards her. She put her hands on her hips, and with a haughty look, snarled, “You pathetic little twit. You can’t save him or anyone else in this room. You couldn’t even save your husband,” she smiled coldly, “could you?”  
Tyler roared in rage and launched at Vivian, who immediately held out her hand and hollered, “Freeze!” stopping him before he could reach her.
“Tyler,” choked Rebecca, breaking away from one of the witches and rushing to his side. Unfortunately, he was frozen in place, his face turning a frosty white and his lips a deep blue.
“Oh, my God!” cried Kala, putting her hand over her lips.
I couldn’t take it anymore. I aimed my wand at Vivian and cried, “Depart!”
She disappeared.
“It worked?” I laughed, not quite believing my eyes. “Seriously?”
The other four witches raised their own wands in retaliation, but I’d been prepared for that. I pointed Chloe at them and hollered, “Depart!” They too disappeared and I squealed in joy. 
Rebecca shook her head. “No, it can’t be that easy.”
“Maybe it can,” I said excitedly. “Now, I just have to figure out a way to become visible.” I pointed the wand at myself and said, “Materialize.”
Nothing happened. 
“Try ‘Appear’,” said Rebecca, who was now crouched down next to Bailey and Trixie.
“Appear.”
“Kendra,” smiled Kala, rushing over and throwing her arms around me. “I was so worried about you.”
“You should be more worried about yourself,” cackled Vivian, materializing next to her.
“No!” gasped Kala.
Vivian turned to me and smiled coldly. “Did you think you could get rid of me that easily, child? You obviously don’t know what you’re doing.”
I glared at her. “The one thing I do know is that you’re an evil woman and obviously didn’t deserve our father.”
Her eyes narrowed. “That’s enough from you.”
I raised my wand and yelled “Depart” once more, but this time, nothing happened.
She patted her long, red hair and smiled. “You’re such a novice.”
Rebecca pulled out a wand from her jacket, pointed it towards Vivian, and cried, “Terminate.”
Nothing happened.
“See, your powers are useless here. What interests me, however,” said Vivian, moving towards me. “Is how you were able to cast a spell?”
My heart began to race as set my plan in motion. I took a step backwards. “I’m not going to tell you unless you release our mother from your curse, as well as the Shape-shifters.”
She threw her head back and laughed. “Clearly, you must be joking!”
“No, I’m serious,” I said, raising my wand again. “Be seated!” I cried.
“How?!” she raged, her butt now planted in one of the gold chairs. 
“The wand,” blurted my sister, obviously knowing where I was going with this. “It’s better than yours.”
“Nonsense,” hissed Vivian, getting up from the chair. She raised her own wand. “My wand was created by the great Isadora. There is nothing more powerful than this wand, I assure you.”
“Well, her wand was made by a powerful wizard,” said Kala. “And we can assure you that there is nothing like it in all the world.”
I held my breath, wondering if there really were wizards and if Vivian would actually fall for it.
Her eyes searched mine and I tried not to blink. “A wizard created it, you say? How do you girls know this?” asked Vivian.
“The wand told me,” I said.
Her eyebrows shot up. “Your wand speaks?”
“Yes. All the time.” I smiled. “It tells me…. secrets.”
“Secrets?” She held out her hand and snapped her fingers. “Give it to me and… I’ll let you leave here unscathed.”
I smiled coldly. “The only way I’m giving you this wand is if you remove all of the curses, including my mother’s.”
She snorted. “Don’t be ridiculous.”
I shrugged. “You know, I think this wand is much too powerful for you anyway.”
“Ignorant girl, nothing is too powerful for me.” 
I made no move to give her the wand.
She sighed. “Okay, fine… hand me the wand and I’ll let you leave here with your friends.”
I leaned forward. “Release our mother from your curse and I’ll give you the wand.”
She pointed her wand at Kala. “Enough of these games – say goodbye to your sister.”
“No!” I shrieked, holding up my hand. “Wait!”
Vivian lowered her wand. 
“Uh, take the curse off of the Shape-shifters and Tyler, and I’ll give you the wand freely.”
She stared at the wand in my hand and swore under her breath. “Okay, fine.” Then she aimed her own wand at Bailey and Trixie. “Release!”
The Shape-shifters’ faces both relaxed, as did their bodies. Seconds later, they were both on their feet, looking exhausted and confused, but no longer in pain.    
“Are you okay?” I asked Trixie, as Bailey held her up. She was much paler than her brother, and obviously not quite as resilient.
She smiled weakly. “Nothing a few cups of coffee couldn’t cure. Thank you, Kendra.”
“Or a few dead witches,” said Bailey, glaring at Vivian.
“Don’t test me, shifter,” snapped Vivian. “If you want to keep that gorgeous face of yours.”
He frowned but didn’t answer.
“What about Tyler?” I asked.
Sighing, Vivian aimed the wand towards him and bellowed, “Defrost!”
“Thank goodness,” Rebecca cried, rushing to his side as he began to thaw. She threw her arms around him and began rubbing his pale cheeks, bringing color to his face.
“Mom,” he mumbled. “Too tight.”
“Sorry,” she said, loosening her grip.
“You okay?” I asked him.
“Other than being as cold as her heart, I’m doing okay,” he answered.
Vivian ignored his snide comment. “Now, give me the wand,” she demanded.
I took a deep breath and held it out to her. “Take it, it’s yours.”
 

Chapter Thirty


Vivian stepped forward and took the wand from me. Within seconds, it began to glow in her hand. She smiled, triumphantly. “Ah… it’s a bonding wand, just like mine.”
Kala and I glanced at each other. 
“Yes,” breathed Vivian, her blue eyes gleaming with satisfaction. “The power inside of this wand is great; I can feel it coursing through my veins.”
“How does that feel?” I asked, wondering if I’d made a horrible mistake. Was it possible that the wand would add to her strength? Had I been misled?
“It feels…” her eyes widened in surprise. “What…what’s happening?”
I didn’t say anything, just watched in wonder as her hand began to glow. Unlike mine, however, it was a bright, crimson color.
“No,” she gasped, now trying to shake the wand out of her hand. “No!”
The red light started to spread, traveling up her arm, into her face, and from what I guessed, throughout the rest of her body.
“What have you done?!” she bellowed. “What’s happening to me?”
I watched her face contort in pain and anguish as the wand’s magic continued its assault and my feelings were muddled. As evil as she was, Vivian was still my mother’s twin, and watching her go through so much agony was unsettling.
“Help me!” she screeched, falling to her knees. She reached up and began pulling at her long, red hair. “Please,” she sobbed, “someone, stop this!”
Seeing her so helpless and frightened reminded me of my mother and my heart suddenly cried out for her. No matter how much pain she’d already caused everyone else, she was still part of my family and mom’s twin sister. There was no way I could stand by and watch her suffer this way anymore.
There had to be another way.
My eyes welled up with tears and I took a step forward to try and help her, when Rebecca placed a hand on my shoulder. “Don’t.” 
“But she’s dying!” I cried.
“So is your mother,” she reminded me. “Listen.” She moved until she was blocking my view of Vivian. “There is no other way to save your mom. It’s Vivian’s fate or your mom’s. If she survives, your mother will most certainly die, and eventually, Vivian will come for all of us.”
I turned towards Kala, who, surprisingly, looked very calm. She caught me staring and smiled grimly. “It has to be this way. For mom’s sake.”
Letting out a ragged sigh, I nodded and wiped my tears.
Tyler moved closer to me and put an arm around my shoulders. “Hey,” he whispered into my ear. “I think it’s over.” 
Sighing, I stepped around Rebecca and looked down at Vivian, whose eyes were now closed. I watched as the red glow receded from her skin. From the stillness of her body, it was obvious there was no life left inside of her.
“Let’s go check on mom,” I said, wiping a few more stray tears. “Hopefully, this worked, and she’s been set free from the curse.”
Just then, three more witches materialized in the room. 
“What have you done?” cried the blonde I’d seen in the hallway earlier. She rushed to Vivian’s side and kneeled down. “Vivian?”
Rebecca raised her wand and whispered, “This is our cue to leave.”
“You’re not going anywhere,” said the dark-haired witch with the bun, her wand raised threateningly.
“She’s dead!” screeched the blonde witch, her eyes filled with rage. “Vivian’s dead!”
“Who killed her?” asked the third witch, an older woman with grayish-black hair and a broad nose. 
“None of us,” I said, raising my chin. “It was the wand.”
The older witch walked over to my wand, which now lay on the floor, and her face turned pale. “I know this wand. It used to be Adrianne’s. I’m surprised Vivian didn’t notice that.”
The blonde reached for it.
“Don’t touch it!” hollered the older witch, stepping back.
She pulled her hand away. “Why not, Semora?”
“It’s dangerous, Bella,” she said, her eyes wide. She pointed towards Vivian. “You see what it did to her.”
Bella stood up and backed away from the wand. “So, it really was the wand that killed her?”
“I told you,” I said. “Only those who aren’t out for personal gain can handle the wand. Obviously, Vivian was only out for herself.”
Semora turned towards me. “You two,” she said, glancing at Kala as well, “are Adrianne’s daughters, aren’t you?”
“Yes,” we both replied.
Her lips thinned and she nodded. “Very well. I, personally, never had anything against Adrianne. In fact, your aunt probably had what was coming to her.”
“What?!” gasped Bella. “How can you say that? She was the head of our coven!”
Semora sighed. “Oh, come on. We were just talking about how unstable Vivian was getting.”
“No,” she snapped. “Vivian wasn’t just our leader, she was my best friend.” She looked at me and scowled. “Wand or not, I’m going to make sure all of you pay for her death. Come on, Beldora, let’s go tell the others!”
Beldora nodded and then both witches disappeared.
“You’d better leave,” said Semora. “They’ll return with the others and you won’t have a chance against that many wands.” She then disappeared.
“Grab yours,” said Rebecca, pointing towards Chloe.
I stared at the wand in fear. “Uh, what if...”
“What if what?”  
“I wanted Vivian to die,” I said, looking down in shame. “That means that my heart isn’t pure anymore. I guess I’m just too frightened to touch the wand now.”
“Did you really want to destroy Vivian, or did you just want your mother safe?” asked Rebecca.
I glanced over towards Vivian. “I guess I would have rather had nobody die, and my mother safe.”
She touched my shoulder and smiled. “That’s what I thought. You’re still a good person, Kendra, and in my heart I know there’s nothing to worry about. Now, grab the wand. You’re going to need it.”
I walked over to the wand and bent down. Still struggling with uncertainty and fear, I took a deep breath and picked it up.
“It’s okay, child,” said the wand as my hand began to glow a warm yellow. “Don’t be frightened.”
I closed my eyes and released a sigh of relief. “Thanks, Chloe.”
“You’re welcome.”
Tyler walked over to me and grinned. “You do realize now that you’re claiming this wand as yours, you’re going to need proper training?”
“Actually, I’m not claiming it as mine,” I said. “It’s my mother’s and I’m going to make sure that she gets it back.”
“No, it’s yours now.”
I gasped and turned towards the sound of her voice. “Mom?”
She smiled and it seemed to light up the room. “Surprise,” she said, opening up her arms.
“Mom!” gasped Kala, flinging herself at her.
My eyes filled with tears as I rushed over and joined them. “Thank God you’re okay.”
“I love you both, so much,” she murmured, squeezing us tightly. She kissed the tops of each of our heads. “I… I’m so relieved you’re both okay. I prayed she wouldn’t hurt you.”
“We’re fine, but what about you? Are you really okay?” I asked, pulling away to look into her face.
She nodded. “Yes, honey. I’m much better. I’m not exactly sure what happened, but you removed the curse.”
“It was the wand,” said Kala as she mom released us. “Your old wand, actually. It’s what killed Vivian.”
“Of course. I can’t believe I hadn’t thought about Isadora’s wand.” She turned towards her sister’s body and I watched as her lower lip began to tremble. She closed her eyes and then reopened them. “Believe it or not,” she said, her eyes glossy with tears, “I really loved Vivian. As much hate as she had for me, I still loved her.”
“But why did she hate you so much?” I asked. “And what happened between her and our father?”
Her face paled. “She told you?”
I nodded. “Yes, but –”
“Sorry to interrupt, but we have to leave,” said Clarice, materializing next to mom. “Vivian’s coven is coming, and they’re not happy.”
My mother grabbed both of our hands. 
“Meet us at Secrets,” said Rebecca. “You’ll be safe there.”
 

Chapter Thirty-One

After we arrived at the shop, Bailey and Trixie were given some kind of potion to help them recover fully, Tyler went in search of food, and my mother stepped in the back warehouse to talk with Rebecca and Clarice.
“He’s so cute,” whispered my sister, staring at Bailey as he stood up and stretched. “I wonder if he has a girlfriend?”
I chuckled. “Probably a ton.”
She sighed. “Yeah, I’m sure you’re right.”
“Girls,” motioned mom from the back of the shop. “It’s time we had that talk.”
“Do you think?” muttered Kala under her breath as we started towards the back of the store. “It would have saved us a lot of trouble if she would have given us this talk a month ago.”
“She was just trying to protect us,” I reminded her.
“Which almost got all of us killed.”
“Hey, I know.”
When we stepped into the backroom, I stopped dead in my tracks – it looked like an entirely different place. 
“What happened?” I asked Rebecca, who was sitting next to a large fireplace, drinking a cup of coffee with Clarice.
She smiled sheepishly. “Oh, well now that we don’t have to hide our magic, I spruced up the place.”
“I’ll say,” I said, looking around. Instead of a storage warehouse, it looked more like some kind of lodge, with two large oversized brown leather sofas, two recliners, a bearskin rug and even a stocked bar – except this one appeared to be supplied with bottles of different potions instead of booze. 
Mom motioned us towards one of the sofas. “Please, sit down.”
Kala and I sat down and then looked at her expectantly. She’d changed into jeans and a green wool sweater, her hair now a vibrant red.
“So that’s your normal hair color?” asked Kala.
She nodded. “Yes. I hope you don’t mind that I’ve changed it back. It’s nice not having to hide anymore from Vivian.”
“It’s just weird,” I said. “You look so much like Vivian.”
“On the outside we’re identical, but on the inside, we were never similar,” she replied, her face melancholy.
“It’s okay, mom,” I said. “You shouldn’t have to hide anymore. Besides, you look beautiful as a redhead.”
She smiled. “Thanks. Well, I suppose I should start. Don’t mind Clarice or Rebecca,” she said, sitting down across from us in the other sofa. “I want them here, in case you have a question that I might not be able to answer.”
I licked my lips. “Okay.”
“Now,” she sighed and sat back against the seat cushion. “I’m sure you’re both pretty angry with me for keeping all of this from you.”
“A little,” I said. “But, we kind of understand.”
She nodded and smiled sadly. “I, uh, I have something else to tell you that…” her eyes filled with tears. “Something I never wanted to tell you, but I know that I must. You have the right to know.”
I leaned forward. “What?”
She burst out crying.
“Oh, my God, are you okay, mom?” asked Kala, moving next to her on the sofa. She took her hand. “Maybe we should wait until you feel better?”
She shook her head and then snapped her fingers. A box of tissues appeared. “Oh, God,” she sobbed. “I hope you’re not going to hate me for this.”
“What is it?” I whispered, my stomach clenching in fear. Something told me that whatever she had to tell us was going to be far more substantial than anything I’d heard in the last twenty-four hours. 
She wiped her face with a tissue and let out a ragged sigh. “Okay, I’m just going to have to start from the beginning.”
I went and sat down on the other side of her. She grabbed my hand.
She took a deep breath. “My father murdered my mother and my sister murdered him.”
“What?” I gasped.
She smiled grimly. “Talk about a dysfunctional family, huh?”  
“What happened?” I asked, still in shock.
“Well, as you’re aware of now, Vivian and I come from a long line of witches. Powerful witches. Well,” she sighed, “my father was a preacher and he had no clue of who he’d actually married. In fact, when he found out that my mother was practicing witchcraft, he went after her in a blind rage and ended up shooting her. In turn, Vivian killed him.”
“Well, that’s not entirely surprising,” said Kala. “I’m sure she was upset knowing that he killed your mother and did it out of blind rage.”
“Yes but the thing was, Vivian enjoyed it.”
“After meeting her, that doesn’t surprise me one bit,” I said.
“Mom, you never really mentioned your parents, did they love each other?” asked Kala.
She paused. “I know that my mother loved my father and that’s why she didn’t reveal what she really was. In fact, she stopped practicing witchcraft for many years, until we moved back to Salem, where she’d lived as a young girl. You see, my father was transferred to Salem by his church, to help crucify women who were charged with performing witchcraft. How ironic, huh?”
“So, that’s when she started practicing it herself again?” I asked.
She nodded. “Yes, she was horrified at what my father was trying to do and started attending the ceremonies in the middle of the night. Eventually, my mother told Vivian and me about our heritage and we wanted to learn more. In fact, it was supposed to be our induction into the coven on the night they were both killed.”
“Did your mother practice Black magic or White magic?” I asked.
“She never really said, but I believe she practiced White.”
“So, what happened after your parents were killed?” asked Kala.
She smiled and turned towards Rebecca, who was listening in. “I moved in with Rebecca and her mother. They basically saved my life by taking me in.”
Rebecca smiled warmly. “My mother loved you as if you were part of the family.”
“What about Vivian?” I asked. “What happened to her?”
She turned back to me and her face became grave. “Vivian left that night and I didn’t see her for seven years. She just… disappeared off the face of the Earth. But when she returned…”
“What?” I asked.
She looked down at her hands. “At first, Vivian seemed like her old self. She was bubbly, excited about life, and… in love.”
“She was in love?” I asked, afraid of what she was going to say next.
She nodded and looked up at me. “Yes, she was in love with Michael, your father.”
“Oh, my God,” I sighed. “Did he love her?”
“He thought he did, but then things changed.”
“What happened?” whispered Kala.
She closed her eyes and let out a ragged breath. “She became pregnant.”
 

 
Chapter Thirty-Two


“What?” I gasped. “Was the baby his?”
She stared at both of us and then her lower lip began to tremble. “Yes. They both were. Twin girls.”
The blood rushed to my ears. “No,” I said, standing up. “I don’t want to hear any more of this.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks. “He had the babies and Michael stood by her side, he even proposed to her but…”
“What?” whispered Kala. 
“She never wanted the babies. She’d actually planned on giving them up and telling Michael that they’d both died during childbirth, but he’d found out beforehand and talked her into keeping them.”
“Us, you mean?” I said. “He talked her into keeping us.”
She started sobbing.  “Yes, honey, I’m sorry. You and Kala are Vivian’s biological daughters, but… I raised you. I did. And I’ve loved you more than that woman could have ever loved you, I swear to God!”
Kala and I stared at each other in shock.
Rebecca walked up behind Adrianne and put a hand on her shoulder. “Honey, do you want me to finish the story?”
She shook her head and dabbed at her tears with a tissue. “No, I need to finish this myself.”
“What happened?” I asked, my voice hoarse.
“Please, sit back down,” she pleaded, patting the seat cushion beside her. “Please.”
I sat back down and she took my hand.
“What happened next?” asked Kala, her eyes also filled with tears.
She took a deep breath. “Michael bought them a home and they were going to be married after the two of you were born. Well, the night she went into labor, Vivian disappeared.”
“What?” I gasped.
“Yes. From what I’d found out later, she’d went to a midwife and paid her a large sum of money to keep you. When she returned to Michael two days later, she claimed she’d lost the both of you in childbirth.”
“Oh, my God,” mumbled Kala. “She paid someone to keep us? Who does that?”
“Apparently our real biological-slash-psychotic mother,” I said dryly.  
“Anyway, Michael didn’t believe it, especially because she was so happy. In fact, at first, he thought maybe she’d just had a nervous breakdown and would eventually pull out of it and share in the sorrow of losing their children – but it never happened. She never mourned your loss, and that’s when he started drifting away from her.”
“How did he find out that we were still alive?” I asked.
“I told him,” she said. “After I used my magic to find you.”
I squeezed her hand. “Thank you.”
She smiled sadly. “Of course, baby.”
Kala wiped the tears that were now sliding down her cheeks. “What did she say when he confronted her about us?”
She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead. “She was angry – furious at me. She tried attacking me, claiming that I was trying to ruin her life. She swore revenge and Michael finally saw the kind of hatful rage that she possessed. He was not only scared for you, but for his own life as well.”    
“She tried hurting the both of you?” squeaked Kala. “As in, kill?”
She grabbed Kala’s hand and nodded. “Tried, but she never succeeded. In fact, that was the very same night that Michael and I rescued the both of you. We left Salem for good and never looked back.”
“Is that when you realized you loved each other?” I asked.
She shook her head. “No, honey. At that time we both loved you and were not romantically involved. Michael asked me to help him escape with you two girls that night, and I did, without question. Eventually, over time, we fell in love and decided that I’d raise you as my own. We eventually got married and you pretty much know the rest.”
“How come you never had any of your own children?” asked Kala.
“What do you mean? I had you girls,” she smiled. “You’re all I’ve ever wanted. As far as I’m concerned, you are my children. I… hope you feel the same way.”
Kala and I both snuggled up to her at the same moment, like we did when we were really young.  
“You’re our mother,” I whispered, resting my head on her shoulder. “Nothing else matters.”
She loved us and had risked her life to protect us. As far as I was concerned, she was not only our mother, but our guardian angel.
“Yes,” said Kala. “We love you so much, mom. Don’t ever doubt it.”
“Thank you,” she answered, her voice thick. “You don’t know how much that means to me.”
We sat there silently for a while and then Clarice cleared her throat. “I hate to interrupt, but it’s getting really late and I’m sure everyone’s exhausted. I think we need to decide what’s going to happen next.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, sitting up.  
The older woman scratched her head. “Well, now that Vivian’s coven knows where you live, it’s not safe going back to your house. You’re going to need a new place to live.”
Mom nodded. “She’s right.”
“You could stay with us in Vail,” said Rebecca.  
“That might work,” said Clarice. “For now.”
“I couldn’t burden you,” replied mom. “You’ve already done so much for us.”
“Oh, it’s not a bother. You’re my friend and I’ve missed you so much,” replied Rebecca. 
Clarice sighed. “Actually, you are going to need each other.” She looked at Rebecca. “Frankly, you’re in just as much danger as Adrianne, so right now you should stick together.” She tapped her chin thoughtfully. “Speaking of which, I think it might be time to get in touch with some of the members of my old coven.”
“That might be a good idea,” replied mom, standing up. “We could use all the help we can get.” 
“I agree,” said Rebecca. “We may have started a real war by killing Vivian and should be prepared for anything. Once they find Mark, which I’m quite certain they probably already have, he’s going to want revenge, as will her coven.”
Mark, I’d forgotten all about him.
“Oh, my God,” gasped Kala. “I almost kissed my brother!”
“Half-brother,” I reminded her. 
“Who cares, it’s still pretty gross,” she answered with a grimace.  
“What I don’t understand is why she kept Mark, but didn’t want us?” I said.
“I’ve been wondering that myself,” said mom. “He’s obviously around your age and she would have had to have gotten pregnant soon after you were born.”
“Mark isn’t her real son,” stated Clarice. “I found this out tonight from Semora, although I’m surprised I hadn’t known about it myself.”
I stared at her in shock. “What?”
“Not only that, Mark is going to be a very powerful warlock, once he hones his skills. In fact, he’s Isadora’s son.”
I gasped. “You’re serious?”
She nodded. “Oh, Yes. Vivian knew that and after his real mother died, she decided to raise him as her own.”
“How did she die?” asked Kala.
“Isadora was ultimately killed by her sister. She was cursed, actually.” Her lips twisted into a secretive smile. “Care to guess who her sister was?”
“I have no clue,” answered mom.
“Your mother, Lisbeth. She was Isadora’s sister.”
“What?! But, how can that be? Mother never mentioned anything about having a sister,” said mom.
“She was hiding from Isadora the same way you were hiding from Vivian. From what I learned, they had a falling out and Lisbeth placed a curse on Isadora.”
“What kind of curse?” I asked.
“Should Isadora ever try harming another person using her magic, she’d perish. Well, after Isadora gave birth to Mark, Vivian apparently showed up at her doorstep in a pickle and asked her to help destroy you, Adrianne. She wanted revenge for stealing Michael. Obviously, Isadora tried and it became her demise.”
“Oh, my goodness,” whispered mother. “How come you never told me any of this before, Clarice?”
“That’s because my mother never told me anything about it. I only found out about you from my own mother’s diary, ten years ago. She was obviously very frightened of her younger sisters.”
“Clarice, your mother was Isadora and Lisbeth’s older sister?” asked Kala. “I’m so confused.”
Clarice nodded. “Yes, there was actually four sisters all together. My mother was the oldest, then Isadora, Lisbeth, and Margaritte, who was the youngest. Nobody knows what happened to Margaritte.”
“So, um, did you get Chloe from your mother?” I asked Adrianne.
Her eyebrows shot up. “Who’s Chloe?”  
“The wand you’ve given me,” I said.
Adrianne smiled. “That’s right, Chloe talks to you. Our connection wasn’t as strong as yours. No, I didn’t get Chloe from my mother.”
“I gave it to her,” said Clarice. “I knew that she wouldn’t have a chance against Vivian, without it. Chloe belonged to my mother.”
“Did anyone grab Vivian’s wand?” asked Kala.
“No,” I said. “And it’s probably a good thing because if it’s a bonding wand, then it could destroy anyone not meant to use it.”
“That is very true,” said Clarice. “Unfortunately, I’m sure Mark will eventually retrieve it, making him even more powerful.”
“I think we should get moving soon,” said Rebecca. “Something tells me we don’t have much time. That they might be coming for us pretty quickly. I’m sure Mark is aware of this shop.”
Kala and I stood up. 
“What about Bailey and Trixie?” asked Kala. “Are they coming with?”
“No,” replied Clarice. “They’re needed here in Bayport. They can keep an eye on things for us and communicate with the other witches in town.”
“There are other witches in Bayport?” asked Kala.
“Adele,” I said. “Megan’s mom. She’s a witch, isn’t she?”
My mother nodded. “Yes. I haven’t spoken to her in years, but she is.”
“Can we trust her?” asked Kala.
“The truth is, it’s hard to find a witch you can trust. If it were up to me, however, I’d probably trust Adele,” said Clarice.
We walked into the main store, where Tyler sat with Bailey and Trixie.
“We’re leaving,” said Rebecca.
Tyler, who was eating pizza, sighed. “Can’t we wait until we finish the food? I picked up four of these bad-boys and they won’t be good reheated.”
“No, we should leave now,” said Clarice, looking troubled. “I’m quite certain that…”
Before she could finish, there was a flash of light and the room was filled with witches.
“You!” snarled Mark, stumbling towards me. “Did you think you could get away with it? Killing my mother?”
I stared at him in horror. “No, I didn’t… it was the wand!”
My mother stepped in front of me and pointed at Mark. “Vivian’s death was her own doing. Her greed and the darkness in her heart caused her fate.”
Mark stared at Adrianne. “So, you’re the sister, the one she wanted destroyed.”
She raised her chin. “I’m her sister, yes.”
He smiled evilly. “Well, then, I think it’s only right that if you shared everything, including a birthday, that you share the same day of your death, as well.”
Before anyone could react, he grabbed her hand and placed the wand into it.
Vivian’s wand.
My mother’s hand began to glow a bright red.
***
End of book one
book two – Enchanted Objects
Now available!

 
 
The Coin Collector


By Kristen Middleton
 



“A child should be kept closest to the heart. Do not squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.” 

 
Chapter One

“Did you see that, Trent?” whispered my younger brother, Ben, as we stared into the darkness towards the old house across the street. “The weird light coming from his hands?”
We were kneeling in Brent’s bedroom with the binoculars, trying to get a better glimpse of the short, stocky man who’d just walked out of his garage for the fifth time. Now he was pacing back and forth, talking to himself and looking agitated.
“No,” I sighed. “And frankly, I’m really getting sick of spying on the neighbor, Ben. This is ridiculous.”
His eyes narrowed. “You don’t believe me, do you?”
I snorted. “What? That he’s some kind of goblin or boogieman?”
“Yes! I saw him disappear and then reappear a few minutes later. He had a black pot, too. I swear to God, there was a stack of bright gold coins inside.”
I groaned – nine year old boys and their wild imaginations. “Okay, Ben, that’s enough.” I stood up and walked over to the light switch. “You were obviously dreaming.”
“Wait,” he whispered loudly as he stared through the binoculars again. “Oh, my God, Trent. He did it again!”
I rushed over to the window. “What?”
“He vanished into thin air. He’s gone.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, he’s probably in the garage.”
“Why are the lights off then? Who walks around their garage in total darkness?”
Deciding to humor him, I grabbed the binoculars and waited. Even though I didn’t believe in Leprechauns, I had to admit that the neighbor across the street certainly looked like the kind in picture books, especially with his red beard, bulbous nose, and short, stubby legs. He also wore a lot of green.
“See anything?” asked Ben.
“No.”
“Just keep watching,” he said.
Ten minutes later, out of patience and feeling foolish, I stood back up and stretched my legs. “This is ridiculous. I don’t have time for this. In fact, I have a lot of homework that’s due tomorrow. You’re on your own, bud.”
He turned back towards the window. “Fine, but if something happens and he comes for me…”
“Ben, nobody is coming for you.”
The sound of the bedroom door creaking open made us both jump.
“What’s going on in here?” asked our mother, Mira, flicking on the lights.
Releasing my breath, I pointed to Ben, who looked like he’d just pissed his pants. “He thinks the neighbor across the street is some kind of Leprechaun or something.”
She raised her eyebrows. “A Leprechaun? Mr. O’Darby?”
“Yeah, mom!” he said, rushing to her side. “I saw him disappear into thin air and his hands, they were glowing!”
“Oh, Ben,” she smiled, putting an arm around him. “You’re letting your imagination run wild, again. You know there are no such things as Leprechauns.”
He pushed the dark hair out of his eyes. “But…”
She groaned and shook his shoulders, playfully. “No buts. It’s getting late and,” she wrinkled her nose, “you could use a shower. And there will be no more television before bedtime either, young man. Obviously some of the crap on television is warping your young, impressionable mind.”
“Fine. I’ll take a shower but I still think that guy is hiding something.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. By the way, Trent, we need to talk,” she said, turning to me.
“Why?” I asked, although I already had an idea of what it was. Parent-teacher conferences had been earlier today and I was slipping in both Math and History. 
“In your room,” she said, snapping her fingers.
“Okay,” I answered.
She followed me down the hallway to my bedroom and then closed the door behind her. “Listen,” she said, leaning against the door. “We really need to talk.”
I sighed. “I know. School. I’ll try harder.”
She rubbed her forehead with the tips of her fingers and shook her head. “It’s not about school, although I’d appreciate it if you would try harder. I wasn’t very happy today. You’re supposed to be graduating this year, have you forgotten?”
“No. I haven’t, okay?” Why did parents have to be so freaken condescending? “I’ll bust my ass and try to raise my grades. Maybe even do some extra credit.”
She nodded. “Good.”
“So, what did you want to talk about?”
She bit the side of her lip. “I want you to keep an eye on your brother. Especially at night, when I have to work.”
“No problem. I already do that now.”
“Well, keep a closer eye on him.”
“What’s the big deal?” I asked. 
“Listen, don’t repeat this to Ben but there were two missing children reported earlier today, in Barnet. A boy and a girl – both only ten years old.”
Our mother works in the local Sherriff’s Department as a dispatcher.  
“Who took them?” I asked. Barnet was the next town over, less than five miles away. 
She shrugged. “That’s just it. Nobody really knows what happened.  Both of them left school, walking their separate ways, and nobody has heard from either of them since.”
“Nobody saw anything?”
She shook her head. “No, unfortunately. Both kids lived within walking distance of the school so they weren’t missed on any bus. The police have been searching the surrounding neighborhoods and wooded areas all evening.”
“What about the parents? Could they have…?” 
I’d learned from my mother’s boyfriend, Matt, who’s a cop, that parents were usually the first suspects.
“Don’t know for sure. The parents all had alibis and appeared to be genuinely upset.”
I sat down on my bed. “Wow, that’s freaky.”
“Tell me about it. Anyway, I’m sure it’s all over the news right now.”
I grabbed the remote control for my television. 
“Wait, finish your homework first. I’ll keep an eye on the news and let you know what I find out.”
“Okay.”
She picked up my dirty clothes hamper. “Just remember to keep an eye on your brother, okay?”
“I will.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it,” she said, and left the room.

 

Chapter Two


There hadn’t been any new information regarding the missing kids, and I’d all but forgotten about it until the next morning, when our mom pleaded with me to pick up Ben after school.
“I don’t want him walking home alone,” she said.
“Fine.”
“What’s the big deal?” asked Ben between bites of his Cocoa Pops. “I always walk with Steve and Jacob.” He turned to me. “Can you give them rides, too?”
“Yes, he can,” said mom, wrapping her dark brown hair into a ponytail, which made her look more like a college student than a woman of thirty-eight. 
I groaned. “Seriously?” 
Ben’s friends were slobs – always farting and picking their noses when they were over. Once I saw Steve eating a booger and almost hurled. 
“It’s a good idea,” she said. “Don’t you agree?”
I knew I wasn’t going to win that argument so I just agreed.
“Thank you,” she said, kissing the top of my head. “Now, Ben, are you ready for school?”
“Almost,” he said and then stared at her in horror. “You’re not actually going to drive me to school now, are you?”
“Yes.”
He sighed. “Fine, drop me off in the back, though. I’ll never hear the end of it if one of the guys catches me getting a ride from my mom.”
She pretended to pout. “My little guy doesn’t want to be seen around mommy anymore?”
“I’m going to be ten next week. I’m not a little guy. Sheesh.”
I stood up and grabbed my backpack. “I’m outta here. Wait for me by the parking lot right after school, little guy.”
“Whatever, butt-face.”
Mom shook her head. “Boys.”

***

After school, I dropped off Ben’s friends at their homes as quickly as possible and then we headed to ours. 
“Did you ever notice that Mr. O’Darby is never seen in the daylight?” said Ben as we pulled into our driveway. 
I glanced into my rearview mirror at O’Darby’s house and gave a sinister laugh. “Maybe he’s actually a vampire.”
“That’s not funny,” he mumbled. 
I stared at him. “You’re seriously that freaked out about the guy?”
He shrugged. “He’s strange.”
“Have you actually ever met him?”
“No.”
“Well, I think we should do something about that.”
He looked at me in horror. “No way.”
I opened the door to my ’72 Impala and got out. “Come on, Ben. Let’s go over and properly introduce ourselves to the neighbor.”
He shook his head vehemently. “You can, I’m not.”
I shut my door, walked around to the passenger side, and opened his. “I’m serious. The only way to beat your fears is to face them. We are going across the street to meet the Leprechaun.”
“No.”
I bent down onto my knee. “Tell you what, we’ll go across the street and ask to borrow some sugar. You stand behind me and just watch. You don’t even have to say a word.”
After a few seconds of silence, he nodded. “Fine.”
I smiled. “Good. Let’s go.”
Ben got out of the car and followed me to the edge of our yard. We both stopped at the curb and looked at Mr. O’Darby’s house.  
“What a shit-hole,” I said, staring at the dilapidated structure. Most of the homes on our street were old, large, but fairly maintained. This one had paint peeling on all sides, moss growing across fogged glass windows, and pretty much reminded me of the house from the movie “Psycho”, the creepy one behind the “Bates Motel.” 
“Maybe we should just forget it. He might not even be home,” said Ben. 
I nudged him. “We’ll soon find out. Come on.”
We walked across the street, and this time my pulse began to pick up. Ben’s paranoia was getting contagious.
Little brothers.
Ignoring the knot in my stomach, I stepped onto the rickety old porch and raised my hand to knock, when Ben stopped me.
“Don’t do it,” he pleaded, grabbing my arm. “Please.”
“Would you stop being such a wuss?” 
His lip began to tremble. “I can’t help it. I don’t think we should be on his property.”
I sighed. “Ben, it’s fine. You know I would never put you in any kind of danger.”
“Not on purpose, I get that, but this is different,” he said, backing away. “I’m leaving.” Then he ran down the steps and back across the street.
“Can I help you?” asked a soft voice.
I whipped my head around and locked eyes with a girl standing behind the screen door. She was about my age, with long red hair, large almond-shaped eyes, and full lips. She was so hot, I could barely breathe. 
I smiled weakly. “Uh…hi.”
She smiled back and my throat went dry. I wouldn’t have thought anyone could have gotten prettier. 
Until that smile.
“Sorry,” I said, finding my voice. “My name is Trent and I, uh, live across the street and was wondering if you had any sugar I could borrow?”
She folded her arms under her chest and stared at me with amusement. “Sugar? What do you need sugar for?”
“Cookies?”
She threw her head back and laughed, a sound so nice that it made my heart skip a beat. “I’m sorry,” she said, wiping the tears from her eyes. “I just really wasn’t expecting that.”
Honestly, I thought her comment was borderline strange. Besides Kool-Aid, I didn’t know of many things, besides cookies, that you’d need to borrow sugar for. 
She opened the screen door and stepped back. “Come on in. My dad’s not home, so I can loan you as much as you need.”
I stared in awe at the most intense green eyes I’d ever seen. “Thanks,” I said.
She smiled and nodded. “The house is kind of a mess, actually. Why don’t you wait right here. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
She turned and I couldn’t help but stare at the way her butt filled out the jeans she was wearing.
How come I’d never seen her before?
Sighing, I took a few more steps down the hallway and glanced into what appeared to be their living room. Or it would be. The furniture was covered in plastic, stacks of books were piled on top of coffee and end tables, and brown packing boxes took up almost every remaining space.
“We’re still unpacking,” she said, coming up behind me.
I turned around. “Oh, sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean to be nosy.”
She shrugged and handed me a bowl of sugar. “It’s okay.”
“Thanks,” I said.
“I hope it’s enough,” she said. “I forgot to ask you how much you needed.”
I smiled. “This is plenty.”
“I’m Shannon, by the way,” she said, holding out her hand.
I wrapped my hand around hers and shook it. “Nice to meet you.”
“What’s it like?” she asked, pulling her hand back.
I raised an eyebrow. “What’s what like?”
“Going to school?”
“What do you mean? Don’t you go?”
She looked down at her feet and so did I. Her toes were painted pink with green stripes. “No,” she said.
“Are you home-schooled?”
“Yes, I guess you could say that.”
“Oh.”
“I just wish…”
“What?” I asked.
Our eyes met again but this time, hers was filled with fear. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards the door. “Oh, no. You have to leave. He’s coming.”
“Who? Your dad?”
“Quickly,” she said pushing me towards the front door. “He mustn’t see you.”
I opened up the screen door and turned to thank her again, but she’d already closed the inside door. 
Strange family.
I shook my head and walked back across the street.

 
Chapter Three


“Trent met the girl of his dreams today,” said Ben with a smirk when mom stepped into the kitchen later that night. 
I scowled at him. “Shut up.”
She set a bag of groceries on the counter and turned to me, her lips curled up in a smile. “Is that so?”
I shrugged. “She’s not the girl of my dreams. She’s O’Darby’s daughter, Shannon.”
Her eyebrows shot up. “He has a daughter?”
“Yeah. Didn’t he mention her when you talked to him?”
“I only spoke to him once,” she said, taking the groceries out of the bag. “When I ‘welcomed’ him to the neighborhood. He really wasn’t much for conversation.”
“He didn’t even mention her?” I asked.
“No, not at all.”
“Trent’s in love,” sang Ben.
I went over and put him in a headlock.
“Mom!” hollered Ben.
“Trent, leave your brother be.”
I released him. “Quit being such a little shit.”
“Language, Trent,” said mom, putting a jar of peanut butter into the cupboard.
“Mom, did you hear about those missing kids?” asked Ben. 
She sighed. “Yes, how did you find out?”
“It’s been on the news all night,” I said.
“I figured it would be,” she answered.
Ben started asking more questions about the missing kids and I decided to let her deal with it. He’d already berated me with questions earlier.
“I’ll be upstairs,” I said, leaving the kitchen. 
“It’s almost time for bed!” she hollered as I walked away.
I went to my room, shut the door, and grabbed the binoculars. Then I kneeled down next to my window, which also faced O’Darby’s house, and looked through them.
I smiled. “Oh…Shannon. Sweet…”
It was odd that I’d never noticed her before, although I’d also never made it a habit to go spying on anyone, especially with binoculars. Tonight, I had a clear view of what must have been her bedroom and I could see her walking around in a miniscule tank-top and shorts. I watched her dance around for several seconds until she disappeared out of view. Frowning, I waited, wishing I could get just one more glimpse of her hot bod. 
Come on, Shannon.
She was so pretty and I hadn’t had a girlfriend for several months. My last one, Mandy, had moved out of town and we still talked on the phone, but it wasn’t the same. I missed everything that went with having a girlfriend, especially the kissing. I wondered if Shannon was a good kisser.
Her bedroom light flickered out and I sighed, that was that. 
As I was about to put the binoculars away, a flash of light lit up her room.
“Weird,” I whispered, raising them back up to my eyes. 
The frightening image that greeted me stopped my heart cold. An angry face stared back at me from her bedroom window, with eyes glowing a bright orange color, and a mouth that was twisted into an angry scowl. 
Mr. O’ Darby?
I dropped the binoculars and backed away from the window, a cold chill running down my spine. I was in trouble – he’d caught me spying on his daughter and was obviously upset. Would he come over and tell my mother? And what the hell was wrong with his eyes?
A soft knock on the door startled me.
“Trent?” 
“Yeah.”
“Why is your light off?” she said, flicking it on.
Still shaken, I didn’t quite know what to say.
“Well, guess who just called me,” she said.
“Who?” 
Her lips thinned. “Jake.”
Jake was Ben’s father. Our mother had been married twice – my dad had died when I was only five and then she’d met Jake a couple of years later. Thankfully, they weren’t together anymore because he was a real jerk – used to push mom around, couldn’t hold a job, and drank like a fish. I couldn’t stand him.
“What did he want?”
“He wants to take Ben on his birthday next week.”
“Why?”
“Well, now that he’s rich, I guess he thinks he can do whatever he wants.”
Jake had lucked out and inherited an undisclosed amount of money from one of his great-uncles, after divorcing mom. He now owned a mansion bigger than the local grocery store, drove around in a flashy Mercedes, and had remarried a girl young enough to be his daughter. 
“You’re not going to let him, are you?” I asked.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. Ben is always asking about his father, and Jake hasn’t ever volunteered to take him.”
“That’s just it,” I said. “Why does he want to do this?”
“Maybe he feels guilty about shutting Ben out of his life.”
“He should,” I said. “Anyway, I thought we were going to take Ben to a movie on his birthday.”
“I know, but we can always do that. I think it might be good for Jake to see his son. Especially now that Jake has actually quit drinking.”
I rolled my eyes. “Whatever. He’s still a jerk. He lives in the same town as us and basically ignores the fact that he has a kid.”
“I know,” she said, “but he’s still Ben’s father and has a right to see his son.”
“So you’re going to let him?”
“More than likely, but I’ll talk to Ben and see what he wants to do.”
Wanting to change the subject, I asked her about work. “So, did you hear anything more about those missing kids?”
“Yeah, actually, I did. Something strange – both kids were taken on their tenth birthday.”
My jaw dropped. “What?”
She nodded. “I know. It’s weird.”
“What if something happens to Ben? He’s turning ten.”
“Listen, kids turn ten every day in Iowa. Ben will be fine.”
“Have they been investigating other cities, to see if there were similar kidnappings?” This was just too creepy, even for me.
“Yes. But I don’t know if they’ve found anything. Matt only gives me bits and pieces of what’s happening. He doesn’t want to get into trouble at the station.”
“That’s understandable.”
“Well, get ready for bed,” she said. “It’s getting late.”
“Like I’m going to be able to sleep.”
“Your grades depend on it.”
“Yeah, yeah.” 

***

Ben was ecstatic when he heard the news the next morning at breakfast.
“I wonder what he’ll buy me?” he asked, bubbling with excitement. “Dad’s rich now, isn’t he?”
“Don’t expect a lot,” said mom. “He may be rich, but that doesn’t mean he’s going to shower you with gifts.”
“He should,” I muttered. “He owes him.”
She gave me a warning look. 
“I gotta go,” I said, standing up. “Thank God it’s Friday.”
“Don’t forget to pick your brother up from school.”
“Okay. Same place, Ben?”
“Sure,” he answered.

***

Thankfully, Ben’s friends had to stay after school and he was my only passenger.
“Can we stop at McDonald’s?” he asked. “I’m so craving a cheeseburger.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty hungry myself.”
We pulled through the drive-thru and I ordered three for myself and two for him, along with fries. 
“Good thing I’m working this weekend,” I said, pulling into our driveway. “I’m almost broke and need to buy your gift.”
“You haven’t bought it yet?”
“Actually, I did. Happy Birthday – enjoy your burgers,” I joked.
“Ha ha…”
I got out of the car and stared across the street. Shannon’s house was quiet, and for some inexplicable reason, I knew she was alone. 
“Here,” I said, handing him his burgers and fries. “I’ll be back in a minute.”
“What are you doing?” he asked, watching me as I walked away.
“Don’t worry about it. Go inside and wait for me.”
“Fine.”
I knocked on Shannon’s door, and seconds later, she answered.
“Hi, Trent,” she said, smiling brightly. Today her red hair was pulled back in a green bow and she wore white shorts and a green T-shirt that said “Kiss me, I’m Irish.”
I raised the bag of food. “Hungry?”
Her eyebrows shot up. “What’s in there?”
“McDonald’s.” I looked at her incredulously. “Don’t tell me you’ve never had McDonald’s before?”
“I’ve never had McDonald’s before,” she said, smiling.
“Oh, then you’ve been missing out. Here,” I said, pulling out a cheeseburger. “Try this.”
She unwrapped it and inhaled. “Oh my God, this smells heavenly.”
“Go ahead,” I said.
She opened her mouth and bit into it. “Oh, Trent,” she gushed. “This is…amazing.”
I smiled and watched as she inhaled the burger. “Here,” I said, handing her the French fries, too. “You can have all of them.”
“I couldn’t.”
“Just try one.”
I watched as she slipped one into her mouth and began chewing. “These are so good!” she squealed, grabbing more. “I’ve never had anything so delicious!”
“Seriously?”
She nodded. “No. I do all of the cooking, and believe me, I’ve never had anything so yummy. What was that meat and bread combination called again?”
I stared at her incredulously. “It was a cheeseburger. Haven’t you ever had a cheeseburger before?”
“No. We usually eat stew, potatoes, or ham. I had pizza once,” she closed her eyes and sighed, dreamily. “Man, it was amazing.”
“I love pizza,” I said. “My mom makes an awesome homemade taco pizza.”
She smiled. “Your mother lives with you?”
I nodded. I wanted to ask Shannon about hers but was afraid she’d tell me her mom had passed away or something. So I just changed the subject.
“So, can you come outside?” I asked, looking towards the sky. “It’s a beautiful spring day. Maybe we could go for a walk, or something?”  
She looked down. “No. I’m not allowed to leave the house.”
“Seriously?”
When she raised her eyes, there were tears. “Yes. Listen, I have to go. My dad will be home soon.”
“Can I see you tomorrow?” I asked.
She smiled. “Sure. For a little while.”
“Good,” I smiled and backed away. “Same time?”
She nodded. “Yes, but Trent…”
“What?” 
Her face became serious.  “When my dad is home, please stay away.”
“Okay.”  
“And…don’t use the binoculars.”
My face turned red. “Uh…”
She smiled. “It’s okay. I knew you were watching, but… so did he.”
I swallowed hard. “Sorry.”
She stepped forward, and before I knew what was happening, she kissed me lightly on the cheek. “Thanks for everything,” she whispered, pulling away. “Nobody has ever been this nice to me.”
“You’re welcome,” I said, sickened by the fact that I’d only given her food and she was grateful enough to kiss me.
“Tomorrow?” she asked. “My dad will be gone most of the day. I’ll open my bedroom window when it’s safe to come over.”
I smiled. “Okay, tomorrow, then.”


 
Chapter Four


I was so excited to see Shannon on Saturday, that I had a restless night’s sleep. When the sun began to rise, I gave up on it and went downstairs to eat.
“You’re up early for a Saturday,” said my mom, who’d just gotten home from working a third shift at the station.
“Couldn’t sleep.”
She sat across from me at the table and sighed. “Another child is missing. This time over in Boar Lake.”
My eyes widened. “Seriously? That’s only twenty minutes from here.”
She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “Yep. Another child who’d just turned ten.”
“What?”
She opened her eyes. “Trent, remember to keep an eye on your brother until they catch this person.”
“Of course.”
She yawned and then stood up. “I’m going to bed. I’m exhausted.”

***

I paced through the house most of the day, waiting for Shannon to open her bedroom window. Finally, at one o’clock in the afternoon, she did.
“Don’t leave the house,” I told Ben, combing my dark hair. “I’ll be back later.”
“Why?” he whined. “I told Steve I’d come over later. He has this new video game I’ve been dying to try out.”
“Tough. Wait until mom wakes up so she can drive you.”
His eyes narrowed. “It’s because of those missing kids, isn’t it?”
“Something like that. Just promise me you won’t leave the house?”
“You know, they’re only taking kids on their tenth birthday.” His face paled. “I, um, I’m not turning ten until next Friday.”
“We just don’t want to take any chances.”
He swallowed hard. “You don’t think he’ll come for me, do you?”
“The kidnapper? No, I’m sure you’ll be fine. You’ll be with your dad on your birthday, anyway.”
He smiled. “Yeah and he’s rich, so he can keep me safe.”
“Being rich doesn’t always make you more responsible,” I said. “Not with kids, anyway.” 
And especially not that tool. I didn’t care how much money he had, I still remembered the bruises on mom’s face after Jake’s drunken rages. He’d always be a jerk to me, no matter how much he’d supposedly changed.
“My dad will protect me,” he said. 
I nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Now, I have to places to be. Stay inside and don’t leave until mom wakes up and you talk to her.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Where are you going?”
“Across the street.”
He smiled. “You’re going to see that girl, aren’t you?”
I shrugged. “Yeah, so?”
“Aren’t you afraid of her dad?”
“No,” I lied. “He doesn’t scare me.”
His face darkened. “You should be.”
I burst out laughing. “God, you’re so dramatic, Ben.”
“No, I’ve been watching him. He’s up to no good. In fact, I think he might be the one taking the kids…”
I rolled my eyes. “You can’t be serious?”
“I saw him carrying a large duffel bag into his house last night. I think there may have been a body in it.”
“That’s insane,” I said. “Shannon’s dad isn’t a murderer.”
He folded his arms across his chest. “How do you know?”
I stared at him for a few seconds and then answered. “Because, she seems too normal to be living with a monster like that.”
He leaned forward. “Maybe she doesn’t know.”
“Quit doing this,” I said. “You’re being overly paranoid and freaking yourself out.”
“Fine, don’t believe me.”
I turned and walked away, wondering if I wasn’t being paranoid enough.

***

“Come in,” said Shannon, holding the door open.
“Okay.”
Today she was dressed in a white T-shirt and green shorts. Her silky red hair hung loosely down her back and I had an incredible urge to run my fingers through it.
“You must be Irish,” I said, staring at her green shorts.
She smiled. “Finally figured it out, huh?”
I rapped myself in the head with my knuckles. “Knock-knock, pudding-head.”
She laughed. “Are you Irish?”
“No, but Ben’s dad is. Full-blooded.”
She didn’t say anything as I followed her into the kitchen, which was surprisingly well-maintained and up-to-date for such an old house. Silver and black appliances, marbled counters, and dark, almond-stained cupboards. It didn’t look at all like I would have pictured.  
“Are you hungry? I made some stew,” she said, lifting the cover from a metal pot sitting on the stove.
I inhaled and my stomach came to life. “It smells great. What’s in it?”
She stirred the pot. “Cabbage, ham, potatoes, corn, carrots, and some secret spices. It’s a recipe carried down through the generations in my family.”
“Did your mother teach you how to make this?”
Shannon’s hand froze in the pot. “No. I’ve never met my mother,” she whispered.
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
She turned to me. “It’s okay. Just be grateful for yours.”
“Did… your mother die?”
Her face darkened. “I don’t know.”
“Why?”
She raised two fingers to my lips to silence me. “Please, don’t ask me any more questions about my mother, okay?” 
I nodded. “Sorry.”
Shannon walked over to a cupboard and pulled out two bowls. “It’s okay. Let’s eat, shall we?”

***

The stew was the best I’d ever had. While we ate, she asked me dozens of questions about school and McDonald’s.  
“You must have heard of McDonald’s on television?”
“What’s that?” she asked. 
My eyebrows shot up. “Television? Seriously, you don’t know?”
“I guess not.”
As I described what a television was, I started getting angry. This beautiful girl was sheltered beyond what seemed to be normal. I could understand not having a television or not eating fast food, but the fact that he wouldn’t even let her outside for fresh air and sun was crazy. 
“What do you do for fun?” I asked.
“I read.” Her eyes lit up. “We have a wonderful library with thousands of books.”
Now that was intriguing. “Can I see it?” I asked.
She smiled and stood up. “Of course, let’s go.”
I followed her down the hallway through several doorways until we entered a part of the house that literally took my breath away. With the finely carved capitals, cool antiques, and large fireplace, it looked like something out of an architectural magazine.
“How?” I asked, spinning around the dark-cedar library, trying to figure out if I was caught up in some kind of bizarre dream. “This just can’t be real.”   
The massive, round room was lit up by skylights, and because of its size, the fact that it was located in this particular house was unexplainable. I mean, it was larger than the one at my high school!
And the books – there had to be tens of thousands. They lined the curved walls, and went up four levels, which you could access by using the winding spiral stairway.
She grabbed my hand. “Come with me.”
I nodded and let her drag me all the way to the very top. When we reached the highest level of the library, she showed me a doorway. 
“What’s in there?” I asked.
“My bedroom.”
My heart began to race. She was inviting me into her bedroom. I’d never been in any girl’s bedroom before. 
She opened the door and stepped inside. 
I licked my lips. “Um.”
She turned back to me and held out her hand. “Come inside.”
“What if your dad finds out?”
“My dad isn’t here.”
“I…”
She smiled. “I just want to show you something. Don’t be nervous.”
“Okay.”
“Did you think I was going to try and seduce you or something?” she asked with a twinkle in her eyes.
I shook my head, vehemently. “No, no…not at all.”
Who was I kidding? Of course I’d hoped she would. From the look on her face, however, it wasn’t going to happen.
I stepped inside of her bedroom and was shocked, once again. 
“Do you like it?” she asked, smiling.
I would if I was a five-year-old girl. Her bedroom walls were decorated with pink and green flowers, rainbows, and hearts. At the foot of her bed, which looked like an enormous princess carriage, sat an oversized white toy box with fairies painted along the outside.  
“Wow, well, it’s interesting,” I said, staring in wonder at the shelves lined with china dolls, Barbies, and stuffed animals. 
She opened up the toy box and pulled out a large ship. “What about this? Do you think boys like to play with things like this?”
I nodded, touching the sails on the toy. “Yeah, it’s pretty cool.”
She nodded. “Good. I want to make sure they’ll like it. It’s new.”
“Who would like it?”
Her hand flew up to her lips as if she’d said something wrong.  “I...”
“What?” I asked.
She cleared her throat. “Nothing. Let’s go back to the library.”
“Okay,” I said, liking that idea. Her room was beginning to creep me out.
 “I have a book I want you to see,” she said, closing the toy box. “It’s really beautiful.”
“Sure,” I said, turning towards the door. As I was about to walk out, a shiny glint of light caught the corner of my eye. I turned around and stared curiously.  “What’s that?” I asked, pointing towards a large, black pot near her bedroom window.
“Oh,” she said, waving her hand. “Just a pot.”
It was then that I heard it. 
Whispers.
“Do you hear that noise?” I asked.
Her eyes narrowed. “What?”
I took a step towards the pot and the sounds grew louder. 
Shannon grabbed my arm. “Stay away from it,” she said.
The whispers stopped. “Why?”
She bit her lower lip. “You can’t touch them.”
“Touch what?” I asked, wondering why she was suddenly trembling.
She sighed and then released my arm. That’s when the whispers started again.
“Tell me you don’t hear that?” 
Shannon’s eyes filled with tears.
I looked down and that’s when I noticed them.
The gold coins.
“Are these real? “ I asked, sticking my hand into the pot. I pulled out a coin and rubbed my finger over it.
“Put that down!” she hollered.
I stared at her incredulously and dropped the coin back into the pot. “Shannon, settle down.”
Her face seemed to crumple before my eyes. “You must never touch, them, Trent,” she said, tears running down her cheeks. “They could get hurt.”
I touched her shoulder. “Shannon, it’s okay. They’re just coins.”
She shook her head. “No, I have to protect them.”
“Is it really gold?” I asked. There had to have been hundreds of coins.
She didn’t answer the question, instead she grabbed my wrist and squeezed. “A child should be kept closest to the heart,” she whispered, her eyes shining brightly. “Do not squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.”
“What?”
She released my arm. “Go, you must go now. I’ve made a horrible mistake.”
“Shannon –”
Pushing me out of her bedroom, she said, “Quickly. We must get you out of here before he returns. If he catches you…”
I stopped in my tracks and turned back to her. “Wait, what are you so afraid of?” I asked. “Does your father hurt you?”
She shook her head. “No, never. But if he catches you here, he’ll kill you.”
 

Chapter Five


 
That night I sat in my bedroom and stared out the window towards Shannon’s house. I couldn’t stop thinking about her warning. Was her father dangerous and would he actually kill someone?
“Trent?” 
I turned to my mother, who was standing in the doorway. “Yeah.”
“I’m leaving for work.”
I looked at the clock, it was almost ten-thirty at night. “Okay.”
“Could you do me a favor and crush all of those cans in the garage? I forgot that I’d promised to give them to Mr. Schneider and he’s stopping by in the morning to pick them up.”
“Sure.”
“Are you okay?” she asked. 
I stretched my legs out and yawned. “I’m fine, why?”
“You’ve been sitting here in the dark for the last couple of hours, staring across the street at the O’Darby house.”
I smiled. “You noticed?”
“Yeah, several times. What’s going on?”
I shook my head. “Nothing. Just have some things on my mind.”
She put a hand on my shoulder. “Honey, if you ever want to talk…”
“I’m fine, mom.”
“But…”
“Seriously,” I said. “I’m fine.”
She sighed. “Okay. I’ll be home in the morning. Keep the doors locked when you’re sleeping, and if you need anything, call me.”
“Yep.”
After she left, I checked on Ben, who was sleeping. I then closed his bedroom door, grabbed my iPod, and headed out towards the garage. 
“Crap,” I said, staring at the large box of cans that needed to be crushed. There had to be almost two-hundred. My mom and her diet soda.
I pulled the box closer to the can-crusher on the wall, plugged in my iPod speakers, and began crushing. After the first fifty or so, I started getting thirsty and walked over to the mini-refrigerator in the corner of the garage. As I bent down, the music stopped playing.
I groaned. 
Cheap-ass speakers.
I reached for the bottle of water when I heard a loud mewling noise coming from outside. Thinking it was a cat, I walked outside and looked around.
Nothing.
Sighing, I turned to go back into the garage when I heard a choked sob, coming from across the street. I ran back into the garage and grabbed a hammer, then stepped back outside. 
Only fools investigate trouble without a weapon. Not me, hell no. I wasn’t going to be a victim.  
A flash of light near O’Darby’s garage caught my attention. Seconds later, Mr. O’Darby himself stepped from around the back of the garage and went inside.
My heart started pounding when I thought of the way he’d glared at me the other night, through his daughter’s window. The malevolence in those eerie eyes still gave me the chills. And the way they’d glowed, what was up with that?
I needed to watch this guy. Shannon had basically admitted he was dangerous. Was it possible that he really was responsible for those missing children and that Ben was right? Crap, what if he was right?
Trying to stay calm, I moved towards the shadow of the bushes in our yard, which actually gave me a better view of O’Darby’s garage, and crouched down. After a short time, Mr. O’Darby stepped out of the garage, mumbling to himself, clearly upset.
“Fools,” he growled, pacing back and forth. 
Fools?
After walking back and forth several times, he disappeared into his garage once more. This time I noticed flashes of light coming from his garage.
What in the heck was he doing in there?
There were windows on the other side of his garage, away from the door. If I could get to those windows before he stepped back out of the garage, I could see inside.
Before I could work up enough courage, he stepped back outside of the garage, this time struggling with a large army-green duffel bag.
 It was bigger than he was and I imagined him to be four-and-a-half feet tall.
After a few more seconds of struggling, he set it down and began dragging it towards the house. When he reached the steps to the porch and began pulling it up, I heard a strangled cry.
Shit, it was coming from the bag!
O’Darby ignored the sound and disappeared into the house with the duffel bag. I stood up and raced into the house to call the police.

***

“We checked the entire house,” said Matt, my mother’s boyfriend. “There was nothing, Trent.”
“Did you find the duffel bag?” I asked, frustrated.  
“Yes, he showed it to us. The only thing in the duffel bag was camping gear.”
“I heard someone crying,” I said. “I swear to God, Matt.”
“I don’t know what to tell you,” he said. “We couldn’t find anything at all.”
“Did you check out the library?”
“Of course. We checked the basement cellar, the kitchen, all of the bedrooms. There was absolutely nothing.”
I sat down at the kitchen table and put my head in my hands. “I don’t understand. What about the garage?” I asked, lifting my head.
Matt sat down across from me. “Yes, of course.”
“This is bullshit. He’s hiding something.”
Our phone started ringing and Matt answered it. “Yes, everyone’s fine, Mira,” he said into the phone. “False alarm.”
I frowned. It wasn’t a false alarm. The crazy old man got rid of the body.
Matt smiled and nodded. “It’s okay, babe. The guy was a little weird. Not a child-slayer, obviously, but strange. Okay, love you, too.”
“Is she mad?” I asked, when he hung up.
He shrugged. “A little. She says you and Ben have been a little spooked lately. I don’t blame you, though. Not with those missing kids.”
I sighed.
“Well, I got to go,” he said. “Do me a favor, will you?”
“What?”
“Stay away from O’Darby. He may not be a killer, but he’s pissed off as all hell that you’ve been sniffing around his daughter and spying on him.”
I folded my arms across my chest and sat back. “Is that what he said?”
“Pretty much.”
“He’s crazy,” I said. “He doesn’t let her go anywhere, not even outside.”
Matt raised his eyebrows. 
“Seriously,” I said.
He patted my shoulder. “I spoke to her and she seemed pretty well-adjusted. Listen, get some sleep, now. I’ll see you on Sunday. Mira’s invited me for dinner.”
“Okay.”
After he left, I checked all of the locks and went upstairs to get ready for bed. I kept my light out and went to the window, to shut the blinds. As I reached for the cord, my eyes were once again, drawn to O’Darby’s house. 
My heart stopped.
Standing on the lawn, in the darkness, stood O’Darby, staring up at me, his eyes glowing brightly and a dark smile spread across his pale face.
“Oh crap,’ I gasped, backing away from the window. 
Suddenly, something slammed against the window and I almost expected to see O’Darby hovering in the darkness, trying to break the glass. But instead, there was something that scared the hell out of me. Glowing brightly on the outside of the window was a clear message that chilled me to the bone –

Ben

Gripped with fear, I rushed out of my bedroom and down the hallway to my little brother’s bed, relieved to find him still sleeping soundly. I stared at the way his thick eyelashes fanned across his cheek and clenched my fists. He could not have my brother.
No way.  
I grabbed one of his pillows, slid to the floor and stayed awake for the next three hours until exhaustion finally consumed me and I fell asleep.

 
Chapter Six


“That’s crazy,” said my mother. “In fact, I went over and spoke to Mr. O’Darby myself and apologized profusely for your actions, Trent.”
I’d just relayed the previous night’s activities to my mother the next morning but she refused to believe that he was a murderer and had basically threatened Ben’s life. 
“He’s after Ben,” I protested. “You shouldn’t be apologizing to that guy, mom. He’s a lunatic.”
She pointed to me. “You should be the one apologizing to him.”
I stared at her incredulously. “No way. Even Shannon said he was dangerous. I’m not talking to him.”
“That’s another thing,” she said. “Mr. O’Darby asked that you stay away from Shannon.”
“Fine,” I said. “Whatever.”
She sighed. “I know you’re worried about your brother, especially after those children have disappeared, but you can’t start accusing people because they’re a little weird.”
I raised my chin. “That reminds me, have there been any more missing children?”
She stared at me but didn’t say anything.
“There was, wasn’t there?” I said. “Last night.”
“Yes, twenty miles from here.”
“Was it like the other ones?”
She nodded. 
“It was him! He did it! Why don’t you believe me?”
“Did what?” asked Ben, walking into the kitchen. 
“Don’t worry about it,” said mom, warning me with her eyes. 
“Is it about dad?” he asked, frowning. “Did he cancel?”
She smiled. “No, honey. He hasn’t canceled. In fact, I spoke to him again and everything is all set. He’s picking you up right after school and you’re going to spend the entire weekend with him.”
Ben’s eyes lit up. “Really?”
She pulled him into her arms. “Really.”
“Awesome,” he said. “I can’t wait.”
I could though. Something told me that O’Darby wouldn’t care where Ben was. He’d find him and kidnap him on his tenth birthday.
But not if I could help it.

***

Monday after school, I rushed over to O’Darby’s to talk to Shannon.
“You shouldn’t be here,” said Shannon, through the screen door. “It’s too dangerous.”
“Shannon,” I pleaded. “He’s threatening to take my brother. You have to help me stop him.”
“I can’t stop him,” she whispered, tears forming in her eyes. “Nobody can.”
“Is he the one taking all of the kids?” I asked.
She stared at me but didn’t say anything.
“Shannon,” I pleaded. “Tell me, is he stealing the kids?”
She let out a ragged breath and shook her head. “No. He’s not stealing anyone.”
“I don’t understand. He has to be responsible for the missing children. I can just feel it.”
“He’s not stealing the children, but he does take them.”
“I don’t understand.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“Tell me what’s happening. Please! It’s my little brother. I can’t let him take Ben.”
“They’ve been offered to him.”
My eyes widened. “What?”
“He’s collecting on payments that are due, on the child’s tenth birthday.”
“Are you serious?” 
It sounded insane. Who would offer a child for payment? And for what?
Her eyes grew large.  “He’s coming, I feel it. You have to go!” she cried, slamming the door in my face.
I backed away and turned around, only to find Mr. O’Darby standing at the bottom of the steps. 
A smile spread across his ruddy face. “Foolish boy. You just don’t learn, do you?”
Before I could answer, he raised his hand and a ball of green light began to form. As I stared in horrific wonder, he pulled his hand back and thrust it at me.

***

I shot up in my bed, gasping for breath.
“Trent! Thank God!” cried my brother, throwing his arms around me.
“Wha…what happened?” I asked when he pulled away.
His eyes were red and puffy, as if he’d been crying. “I found you outside, passed out on the front lawn. I shook you until you stood up and then walked inside. I was so freaked out because you wouldn’t talk to me, Trent. You just ignored me.”
“What?”
He nodded. “Yeah, you reminded me of a zombie, except you weren’t bloody or missing body parts.”
My heart began to race as the memories came back. Mr. O’Darby had hit me with some kind of magical light!
But he hadn’t killed me.
Odd.
“Did you see Mr. O’Darby outside?” I asked.
“No, thank God.”
I stood up, moved to the window, and looked outside. It was still daylight. “What time is it?”
“It’s six-fifteen,” he said. “I’m hungry. Can you make me something to eat?”
I stared at Shannon’s house and noticed she had curtains on her window now. “Yeah,” I said, turning back to Ben. “Let’s go downstairs.”

***

“That was really weird,” said Ben, finishing his milk. “The way you passed out.”
I finished chewing the rest of my macaroni-and-cheese. “Don’t worry about it,” I said. “I probably just needed some food.” No way was I going to tell him what really happened.
“Oh.”
“Listen, I want you to do me a favor. When you’re at your dad’s, call me if you need anything. I don’t care what time of the day it is. I mean it.”
“Okay,” he said.
I reached over and ruffled his hair. “You’re a good brother.”
He smiled. “You too.”
 

Chapter Seven


The rest of the week was pretty uneventful, but I didn’t take my eyes off of Ben when school was out. I even slept on the floor of his bedroom at night.
“Why are you doing that?” he asked after the second night I’d set up camp.
I shrugged. “I just think we should spend more time together. Pretty soon I’ll be going off to college, you know.”
He smiled. “Oh, yeah.”
Mom didn’t notice at all because she was on third shift the entire week. 
“I’m going to miss you this weekend,” she said to Ben before leaving for work Thursday night. “I don’t know what I’m going to do without seeing your beautiful blue eyes.”
“It’s only one weekend mom, sheesh.”
She kissed the top of his head. “To me it’s going to feel like a lifetime.”
Those words gave me the chills.
He smiled. “I’ll call you every night.”
“And I’ll call you every day,” she said, hugging him.
After she left for work, I stared out the window, towards the O’Darby’s house, wondering when he’d try taking Ben. I wasn’t sure, but I knew one thing, I wouldn’t be too far.

***

Jake showed up for his son Friday afternoon. It had been almost a year since I’d seen him and he looked very different. Not only was he wearing clean clothes, but his dark red hair was neatly trimmed, his beard was gone, and he looked… sober.
“Hey, Ben,” he said, throwing his arms around him. “I’m so happy to see you!”
“Dad!” cried Ben. “I missed you so much.”
Jake looked at me and smiled. “Hi, Trent.”
I nodded towards the Mercedes. “Nice ride.”
“Thanks,” he said, opening the door for Ben.
“Doing pretty good these days?”
He closed the door and shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.”
“You hear about those missing kids?” I asked.
“Unfortunately.”
Ben rolled down his window. “Goodbye, Trent!” 
“See you soon, buddy! Have a great birthday with your dad!”
“Thanks,” he said and then rolled up the window.
“Take care of him,” I said. 
“Of course. He’s my son,” said Jake. 
We stared at each other for a minute and then he got into the car. I watched as he pulled away and then made my move.

***

“Hi, Shannon,” I said, staring at her through the screen door.
“You’re very persistent,” she said with a bitter smile. “You just won’t give up.”
I grabbed the screen door handle and was relieved to find it unlocked. “No, not when it comes to Ben.”
She stared at me in horror as I swung the door open and grabbed her wrist. “What are you doing?”
“Sorry, but I need you,” I said, pulling her outside onto the porch.
She tried pulling her arm away. “Stop, this, please, Trent!”
“It’s the only way I can think of saving him. I’m sorry,” I said.
“Trent, would you…just…stop!”
I released my grip on her and rubbed my forehead. “Look, I’m sorry, okay? It’s Ben’s birthday. His tenth. Your dad’s going to take him if I don’t do something to stop him.”
She rubbed her wrist. “How is kidnapping me going to help?”
“Negotiation. Ben in return for you.”
“Seriously? That’s all you’ve got?”
I nodded. “Yeah.”
She groaned. “You still don’t get it.”
“What’s there to get? He’s a lunatic and wants my brother.”
“Look, all he has to do is snap his fingers and I’m back home and in my room. You can’t stop him.”
“What about you?”
“What about me?”
“You’re his daughter, don’t you have any powers? Can’t you help me stop him?”
“No, he’s much too powerful.”
I grabbed her wrist, again. “Sorry, Shannon, but I don’t have time for arguing. We’re leaving.”
“Trent…”
“Listen, What if I buy you a cheeseburger along the way? Would you at least consider helping me?”
She sucked in her breath. “From McDonald’s?”
I smiled. “Yes. I’ll even get you a bigger one this time.”
“Why didn’t you just say so?” she said, this time pulling me down the steps.
“Are you going to be okay in the sun?” I asked, looking up in the sky.
“Yes. I’m not a vampire, goofball.”
As far as I was concerned, stopping a vampire would be easier.
 

Chapter Eight



“This is so good,” she groaned, as we sat outside of Jake’s gated mansion in the darkness. “It’s even better than the last one.”
“It’s a quarter-pounder,” I said, tapping my fingers on the steering wheel. 
“Well, thank you for getting it.”
“Does he have a set time when he takes the kids?” I asked, getting more frustrated by the minute. What if he’d already taken Ben?
“Usually at the exact time they were born. But…then again, it’s not always the case. It’s a matter of convenience.”
“So, we have no idea.” The truth was, I didn’t even know what time Ben had been born.
 “Don’t worry – I’ll feel his presence when he arrives.”
“Good.”
“Look, I know you don’t understand this, but he only takes children that are given to him.”
“I still don’t understand that,” I said, raising my voice. “Nobody gave Ben to your father.”
She motioned towards the house. “Really?”
I tightened my grip on the steering wheel. “No, Jake wouldn’t give away his son.”
At least I didn’t want to believe it.
“He’s obviously wealthy. Was he always this rich?” she asked, taking another bite of the burger.
“No. He was a drunken loser who used to beat his wife,” I mumbled.
She nodded. “Well, it’s obvious, then. He made a deal with my dad.”
“A deal?”
“Riches for his first-born child.”
“What – is your dad, like, the Devil or something?”
“No, he’s a Leprechaun.”
“I thought they were supposed to be happy little guys who brought luck?”
“Just be lucky he didn’t kill you the other day.”


***

Dreams of four-leaf clovers, rainbows, and evil Leprechauns invaded my sleep. Just when I was about to lose the pot of gold, someone was shaking my shoulder. I opened my eyes and stared into Shannon’s pools of green. 
“He’s here,” she whispered.
We quickly got out of the car, walked up to the gate, and stopped.
“If he really gave Ben to your dad, he’s not going to just let us in.”
She sighed. “Give me your hand.”
I did and watched as she closed her eyes. 
“Close your eyes,” she said. “Or you’re going to be very dizzy.”
“Okay.”
The next thing I knew, we were inside the large Colonial mansion, in one of the hallways.
“How did you do that?” 
She dropped my hand and smoothed down her white and green skirt. “My dad isn’t the only Leprechaun in the family.”
“A Leprechaun?” My eyes traveled down her long legs. “You certainly don’t look like one.”
She shrugged. “My mother was a Tree Nymph.”
“Oh, well obviously.”
“Where’s your brother’s room?” she asked.
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
She closed her eyes and then opened them. “We have to hurry. They’re in the den.”
“Where’s that?” I asked.
She grabbed my hand and told me to close my eyes again.
“What is the meaning of this?” growled the familiar angry voice of O’Darby.
Knowing how powerful he was, I didn’t waste any time. I pulled Shannon in closer to me. “I have your daughter, so don’t you dare touch Ben.”
“Trent!”
I turned towards my brother’s voice and found him cowering behind Jake in the corner of the room.
“Trent, what are you doing here?” asked Jake.
“I’m here to stop you from giving away my little brother, asshole!”
His lips thinned. “No, I’m not letting him take Ben. I’ve already refused.”
O’Darby stepped closer to Jake and pointed his finger at him. “We made a deal. It was non-negotiable.”
Tears filled Jake’s eyes. “I was wrong, he’s my son. You can’t take him away from me!”
O’Darby spread out his hands and grinned. “You gave him up, for all of this. Isn’t this everything you’ve ever wanted?”
“It was, but not anymore. I’m not that same man.”
“Well, that’s too bad for you. You see, once you’ve made a deal, there’s no going back.”
I took a step towards O’Darby. “I won’t let you take him!”
His eyes flew back to me. “You can’t stop me, boy!”
“I’ll trade you, Shannon for Ben,” I said, pushing her behind me.
He stared at me for a minute and then threw his head back and laughed. “Oh, that’s priceless. You’re trying to make a deal with me?”
I nodded. “Yes, leave my brother alone and you can take Shannon back.”
He clutched his stomach and started laughing harder. 
“Get out of my house!” growled Jake, who was apparently finding his backbone. “Leave us!”
O’Darby wiped the tears from his eyes. “It’s time to leave. Come here, Ben.”
“No!” he cried. “Please don’t let him take me, daddy!”
“I have another appointment in fifteen minutes,” said O’Darby, looking at his watch. “I don’t have time for this. I’m just going to have to add him to the pot right now, forget about playtime.” 
“Pot?” gasped Ben. 
“Playtime?” I asked. 
“I usually let Shannon play with the children, then rock them to sleep before the transformation. No time tonight.” Then, there was a flash of light and the large pot from Shannon’s bedroom appeared next to O’Darby.
“Did you like my treasures?” he asked, staring directly at me. He dipped his hand into the pot and brought out a handful of coins. “They’re lovely, aren’t they?”
As I stared at the coins, images of young faces began to appear. Frightened faces.
“No!” I gasped, realizing what he’d done with the children.
O’Darby stared at the coins in delight. “Treasures, all of them. I think so, at least. So does Shannon, obviously. She takes care of them even after they’ve transformed.”
“How could you do this?” I asked. “You have a daughter of your own! How could you?”
His eyes regarded me curiously. “You look at me like I’m some kind of monster,” he said. “But their parents, they’re the ones who’ve traded them. They gave them up for riches, fame, and fortune.”
“What they did,” I said, staring at him in horror, “was give up the most precious gifts they’d already owned for things that are worth nothing in comparison.”
O’Darby smiled. “Very good, boy. Very good.”
“And you carry them around in a pot,” I said, glaring at him. “Like that is any better.”
He frowned. “They are my treasures now. I keep them safe.”
“Are you kidding me? They’re prisoners! Look at their faces! They’re miserable!”
He stared at the coins for a few seconds and then shrugged. “It’s the way it is. Always has been that way through the generations. At least we still value them more than their parents.”
“If you value them, then set them free!”
He licked his lips and nodded. “I feel your passion for the children, young man, really I do, but…”
“Do you think you’re any better? They are suffering!” I said, staring at the coins. “Look, they’re crying!”
Sure enough, the faces on the coins were covered in tears and if you listened hard enough, you could hear them sob.
“Wait,” said Shannon, stepping around me. “There is another way.”
His eyebrows shot up. “What say you, daughter?”
“Father, a riddle. Let’s ask him a riddle and if he gets it right, release all of them. Remember the old days?”
O’Darby’s eyes lit up. “Oh, I do love a riddle, yes I do. That’s a splendid idea, my darling.”
“If I answer your riddle,” I said. “You’ll leave them all go?”
“Well…” mumbled the Leprechaun, rubbing his chin. “I’d hate to lose them but then again, I doubt you’ll ever answer my riddle correctly.”
“But if I do, will you let them all go?”
He waved his hand. “Yes, very well.”
I inhaled. “Okay, lay it on me.”
“Wait!” yelled Jake, who’d been listening in stunned silence. “Can I help solve the riddle?”
“No,” said O’Darby. “Only the young man. His heart is pure, unlike yours.”
“But…” argued Jake.
“Why don’t you do the honors,” interrupted O’Darby, turning towards Shannon. “Since it was your idea.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Really?”
“Yes. But don’t you dare give him an easy one, or I will take back my offer.”
“Okay, father.” She turned to me. “Trent, think hard – a mile from end to end, yet as close to you as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all. What am I?”
I closed my eyes and thought about the words. If I got this wrong, it would be the end of Ben. 
“Trent?” asked Ben. 
I let out a ragged breath and opened my eyes. “Something these coins haven’t felt for a long time. A smile.”
O’Darby stared at me and then smiled. “Very good, unfortunately, that one was a little too easy, I see.”
“But, father!” protested Shannon.
He raised his hand. “Just wait, Shannon.”
“But!”
“Silence!” He then turned to me. “I need one more thing from you, boy. You see, if I release these children, they’ll need homes and I’ll need to know that you’ll find loving ones. Give me a good reason why I should trust you with my treasure?”
I thought back to what Shannon had said to me the other day. It was beautiful and summed up the love that a parent should have for their children. “Because I believe that every child should be kept closest to the heart, and I would never squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.”
His face darkened and he looked at Shannon. “You shared this with him?”
She didn’t say anything. 
“You know in your heart,” I said, “If you really have one, that I hold these words just as true as you, Leprechaun.”
He stared at me for a few seconds and then threw his head back and laughed. “Oh,” he said, shaking his finger at me. “You know, I like you, boy. You are quite amusing.”
“Are you going to let them go?” I asked. “You promised!”
He sighed and nodded. “Yes, indeed. Sometimes a pot needs to be emptied.”
“Thank God,” I said, falling to my knees as Ben rushed over to me. I pulled my brother into my arms and held him tight to my chest.
“But,” said O’Darby, grinning darkly, “mark my words, the pot won’t stay empty. There are many people in this world, too willing to refill it.”

***


O’Darby was true to his word and the children were released from the pot. Some of them had been imprisoned for centuries, some for only a week or two. Most, mercifully, couldn’t remember anything, including their parents, who’d given them up.
Fortunately, Shannon volunteered to help care for the children, in an old family castle in Ireland, while we searched for loving homes. Again, without her magic, there is no way we could have succeeded without going to the police and sending some of them back to the people who’d given them up like a pair of shoes.
It took us four years to find homes for three hundred-and-twenty-two children. During that time, Shannon and I fell in love and eventually married. During the ceremony, her father, who I still despised and kept a close eye on, offered us a castle of our own, to live out the rest of our days.
I refused.
“You’ll do,” he said, nodding in approval. “You’ll do.”

 
***

The End
 
 

Zombie Games

(Origins)


By Kristen Middleton
 


Cover by www.maeidesign.com

Copyedited by: www.Cjpinard.com 

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.  
Copyright ©2012 by Kristen Middleton
ISBN 978-1-300-70919-0
Second Edition
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author. 
Chapter One


“Cassie, take out the garbage.”
“Why can’t Allie do it?” I asked, closing the refrigerator door, pickle jar in hand.
“Because it’s your job,” replied my mother, who was sitting at the kitchen counter, leafing through the mail.
I pulled out the largest dill I could find and crunched down. “Mom,” I said between chews, “come on, she needs more chores. She’s twelve.” 
“Don’t talk with your mouth full.” 
“Sorry.”
She peered at me over her glasses. “Tell you what…you can do the dishes and I’ll have her take out the garbage.”  
“Fine, I’ll take out the garbage.”
“I thought so,” she answered with a wry smile.
I rolled my eyes and swallowed the last of the juicy pickle. Before I could reach for another, she pointed to the trash can. “The pickles will still be here when you return.”
“I still can’t believe you’re making me do this in the middle of the night,” I pouted, glancing out the window into the darkness.  
“That’s funny, coming from a seventeen-year-old who keeps begging me to extend her curfew.”  
“Yes, but not to go wandering alone in the dark.”
Her eyes softened. “Honey, there’s nothing to be afraid of. We live on a quiet cul-de-sac in the suburbs.”
Even though my mother was trying to comfort me, I just couldn’t shake the feeling of dread or quiet the niggling voice inside, whispering of something wicked lurking in the darkness. But then again, it could just be the fact that I’d been watching a horror flick earlier and it’d totally freaked me out. “Ok, well, if I’m not back in two minutes, send dad out.”
“Right,” she snorted. “Little Ms. Black Belt.”
I couldn’t help but grin. Last week I’d received my Black Belt after four years of intense discipline and training. It took a lot of patience and commitment, but earning the Belt was worth it.    
As I stepped outside, a warm breeze lifted my brown hair, blowing it across my face. I glanced up at the sky and shrugged off my anxiety; it really was a peaceful evening. The stars glimmered brightly and the moon was full.
 As I rounded the corner of the garage, Charlie, one of the neighbor’s dogs, began to bark; which was a pretty common occurrence. As annoying as it typically was, tonight it was somewhat comforting to know I wasn’t alone. 
“Hey, it’s just me, Charlie!” I called, my voice echoing across the dark cul-de-sac. A lone streetlight flickered on his side of the circle.  
Charlie’s barking increased and he tossed in some obnoxious growls. As far as I was concerned, this dog had some serious trust issues.
There was a sudden loud crash from behind the Hendrickson’s rambler and the motion-detector light flickered out. Charlie growled angrily in the darkness for a few seconds and then, without warning, let out an ear-piercing yelp. 
Oh crap, that can’t be good, I thought. 
A knot formed in the pit of my stomach as I began to panic. Really, I wanted nothing more than to take out the garbage and hurry back inside. I also knew that if I ignored Charlie, and he was hurt, I’d never forgive myself.
 Dropping the garbage bag, I started walking towards his house when I heard a deep, strangled moan. I froze in my tracks; that wasn't Charlie. 
I shivered. “Hello? Mr. Hendrickson?” 
A tall shadow emerged from the darkness and my breath caught in my throat. I watched, motionless, as the figure shuffled through Charlie’s yard, towards me. It was about a hundred yards away when the figure stopped directly under the streetlamp. I sighed with relief when I recognized Scott, a guy from my karate class, who I’d dated a few times. It certainly was creepy, though, that he was lurking around the neighbor’s yard in the middle of the night. 
“Scott, what are you doing out here?” I called out.
He just stared at me, swaying slightly.   
“Is everything okay?” I tried again, wondering if he was drunk. He’s my age, seventeen, and I’ve never known him to drink alcohol or use any kind of drugs, so his behavior was odd. I stepped closer and noticed that he held Charlie in his arms. An alarm went off in my head, and I froze. “Um, is Charlie hurt?”   
Scott growled and then dropped his face down towards Charlie, who lay motionless. When he lifted his head back up, there was a dark red stain covering his mouth. He smacked his lips and moaned in some kind of twisted pleasure. I shuddered in horror as my brain finally registered what was happening. Scott was feeding on Charlie!
“Oh…my…God!” I choked, backing away. Bile rose in the back of my throat as the guy I once kissed assaulted the dog again with that very same mouth. 
I turned to run, stumbling over the garbage bag I’d dropped, my ankle twisting in pain. I cried out and struggled to stand when something grabbed my leg firmly. I looked back and froze in shock; it was Scott, only it wasn’t him. His green eyes were now black as death, cold and lifeless. His skin was gray and riddled with bloody sores. His mouth, which still dripped with Charlie’s blood, twisted into a grimace and he let out an unearthly screech.
“Scott?!” I screamed as his teeth tore into my skin.  
~~~

I opened my eyes and drew my comforter up to my chin. Reminding myself it was just a dream, I released a shaky sigh and forced myself to chill out. Yes, it was definitely time to stop watching horror flicks before bed. Forcing the last of the disturbing images from my mind, I turned over and let out a real bloodcurdling scream.
“Jed, what are you doing in my room!?” I gasped. It was the third time this week he’d snuck up on me. Apparently, it was now a special game.  
Three-year-old Jed giggled with delight. “Hi, Cassie,” he said, licking a thick layer of green slime from his nose. Even in the dark I could tell the sleeves on his Spiderman shirt were crusty from dried-up snot. “Hey, want to see my new caw?” he said. Jed has a hard time pronouncing his R’s. He removed something from his jeans and lifted it proudly into the air; a small, blue convertible that had seen better days.
“Nice,” I mumbled, plumping up the pillow. “Now…please, go find Kris. You need a tissue.”
Instead of leaving, however, he opened his mouth and began coughing, hurling millions of invisible germs towards me. 
I backed away in horror and yelled, “Mom!” Sure, he’s adorable with his big blue eyes and dimpled cheeks, but I’ll be the first to admit; I have a major phobia of germs. My room is off-limits and the daycare kids are forbidden to enter it; especially, the little “germy” ones.
My mother popped her head into my room and cringed. “I’m sorry, Cassie. I didn’t know he snuck in. Come on, Jed, time to clean you up.”
I snorted. “Clean him up? What about my blankets? He just infested my whole bed with his nasty cold germs.”
Jed‘s lower lip began to tremble and his eyes welled up with tears. “Sowy, Cassie,” he whispered. 
My heart melted immediately. I reached over and ruffled his curly blond hair. “Hey, it’s okay, Jed. Just cover your mouth when you cough.” 
His face lit up. “Huggies?” he asked, raising his crusty arms. 
“Um, later, okay?” I replied as I beckoned my mom with my eyes. 
She grabbed him and placed him on her hip. “Come on, Jedster. Let’s go wipe your boogies and get something to eat.”
“Thanks. Make sure nobody else waltzes in here.”
She motioned towards my alarm clock. “Hey, Wild One, it is time for you to get up for school. Start going to bed earlier and you won‘t be so grumpy every morning.”
I gritted my teeth. “I’m not grumpy. And quit calling me that.” 
My last name is “Wild” and my family thinks it’s amusing to call me The Wild One, because I was such a handful as a kid.
My mother frowned but left my room without another word. As she closed the door, I could hear the chaos taking place in other areas of the house; kids were chasing each other, someone was screaming about a lost toy, and a baby began to howl. We live in Wolf Creek, a small town in Minnesota, and my mom runs a daycare in our house. What was once a calm home, is now hectic zoo. It was only Monday and I already yearned for the weekend. 
I dragged myself out of bed, grabbed my favorite white Henley T-shirt, and a pair of jean shorts, then snuck into the bathroom to take a shower. Unfortunately, I have to share it with the daycare kids, so I have to be stealthy about it. If they realize it’s me in the bathroom, they’ll do things to torture me, like wiggling their fingers under the door, jiggling the knob, or repeating “Wild” over and over, annoying the heck out of me. Today was no exception.
“Enough,” I warned, combing through my thick, dark hair. I pulled it into a ponytail and looked closely at my reflection in the mirror. Brown eyes, pug nose, and extremely dry lips. I rummaged through the medicine cabinet and found some of my sister’s “plumping” lip gloss. I applied it gingerly to my lips and then frowned. Now they looked swollen, like I‘d been punched. I tried wiping it off, but it didn’t help. My eyes widened in shock as they continued to puff out. 
Seriously, I thought, why would anyone intentionally do this to their lips? It was embarrassing and my lips were starting to sting. 
I threw my hands up in defeat and stomped into the kitchen. To my dismay, I noticed three other kids, sick with colds. They all smiled at me, matching snot dripping from their noses.  
“You have got to be kidding. What is it with everyone dropping off their kids here when they’re sick? Shouldn’t they be home taking care of them?”
“I know, nothing I can do about it, unless they have fevers,” mom replied wearily as she grabbed several tissues and began wiping noses. “Everyone seems to be getting sick with this horrible cold. Some parents even dropped off their kids just so they could go back home and rest.”
“Figures,” I mumbled. 
I pulled out my cell phone to check my messages when, Daniel, a five-year-old boy who pretends he’s my shadow, sneezed all over it. I turned to my mom in horror, who winced and quickly handed me an antibacterial wipe. 
“Daniel, why don’t you go and draw Cassie a nice picture?” she said, guiding him away from me. 
 Frantic to escape, I grabbed a cereal bar and my truck keys. “I’ll eat this at school. I‘ve got a karate class tonight.”
My mom nodded and then wrinkled her nose. “Megan? Do you have a poopy diaper?” 
I turned and fled the kitchen before I could smell the answer. Just then my dad shuffled by in his robe on the way to his “Man Cave” in the lower level of our home. He calls it his sanctuary from “Daycare Hell.” Right now he looked like he’d just stepped out of Hell himself, with the dark circles under his eyes and hair that stuck up in every direction.
 “Hi, dad,” I said. “Let me guess, you were up late again blasting zombies?”
He smiled sheepishly. “Heh. I actually finished the game.”
My dad is addicted to video games. Before I was born, he once spent thirty-six hours straight, playing Everguild, a very addictive Internet game, surviving only on caffeine and buttery pretzels. When my mom became pregnant, she lost her patience with his harmless addiction and brought a group of his friends together for an “Everguild Intervention.” Now he’s only allowed to play games on his Wii or PlayStation, which he has only a slightly better handle on. 
“Do you have to work today?” I asked him. My dad sells cars for a living, which isn’t particularly his dream job. Unfortunately it’s something he’s really good at, so although he grumbles about it endlessly, he never changes it.  
“Not until this afternoon. You ready to try out my new Beretta?” he asked, his face lighting up. His other addiction has to do with guns. Almost every Saturday since I turned sixteen, has been spent at the gun range with my father and grandfather. Both avid collectors, they own about thirty different guns between the two of them. When I began showing an interest last year, they were both delighted and started teaching me everything they could about guns. Now my aim is almost as good as my dad’s. 
“Sorry, dad, I can’t make it to the gun range for the next couple of weeks. I have to study for final exams,” I answered. “Plus, prom’s coming up. I’m just too busy.”
Folding his arms, he gave me a stern look. “That’s right. You’re going with that Scott kid, aren’t you?” he asked. “Remember, no pre-prom parties, no hotels, and definitely no alcohol.”
I snorted. “Hello? Does that really sound like me? And you do realize that Scott and I are just friends? I‘ve told you this so many times.”
His eyes softened. “Good, keep it that way.”
“Well, I’m just lucky he’s going with me. I didn’t go last year and probably would have skipped the senior prom as well if he hadn‘t volunteered to take me.”
“Are you kidding me? He’s the lucky one!”
I bit back a smile. My dad’s having a difficult time with the idea of me dating, anyone, which he shouldn’t; my love life is as dead as the zombies in his games. Scott and I are only friends, but it always seems to slip his mind. The last time I went out with Scott, my dad had insisted on chatting with him before we left for the movie theater; all the while cleaning three of his guns. My dad found it amusing; I was horrified. But Scott thought my dad’s guns were “awesome” and missed the entire point. 
“Wait, Cassie!” hollered my mom from the top of the stairs. My stomach clenched when I saw she was holding a dirty diaper. I swear there was steam radiating from the putrid bundle.
“What?”
She narrowed her eyes. “What’s wrong with your lips?”
I released a deep sigh. “Allie’s plumping lip gloss.”  
She bit the side of her lip. “Oh. Well they’ll probably shrink down soon. Anyway, could you please pick up Allie from her dance class tonight?”
I groaned.
“Please? You‘re going to karate anyway, just swing by on your way home.”
“Okay, fine.” 
“Thank you, honey.”
I nodded then sprinted out the front door before she tried to volunteer me for anything else. Allie’s my twelve-year-old sister, and since my parents pitched in to help me purchase my truck last year, I’m her personal chauffeur. I didn’t mind at first, but since she’s started middle school, her social life is busier than mine. Sometimes I have to fit my plans into her schedule.    
Glancing across the cul-de-sac, I noticed Charlie following Mr. Hendrickson to his mailbox. We waved at each other and Charlie stared at me instead of blasting me with his usual obnoxious barking.
 I hopped into my truck, a red ‘98 Chevy S10, which has seen much better days, and prayed silently that it wouldn’t give me problems; it’s been finicky about starting recently and I really don’t have time to get it checked out; especially with prom coming up. When it turned over right away, I sighed with relief and drove over to my friend Paige’s house. 
“Hi. You’re early. Oh…my…God…what happened to your lips!?” Paige cried, covering her mouth.
“It looks that bad?”  
“It just looks…painful.”
 Paige, as always, looked perfect. With her long, blond hair and startling green eyes, half the guys at school are in awe of her. Some people at school call her Skipper, Barbie’s younger sister, because of her sun-kissed skin, high cheekbones, and carefree spirit.  
“My lips were dry, so I tried using one of Allie’s lip gloss tubes. Bad choice.”
“I guess,” she replied, trying to hide a smile. “Do they hurt?” 
I pursed my lips and nodded. “They burn a little.”
“Just use Vaseline next time. That’s all I use.”
“Oh.”
She pushed her hair behind her ears. “Did you watch the news this morning?”
“Are you kidding? In my house you won’t find anything but Dora or Elmo‘s World on the television.”
“Well, the media is all over this flu virus. It’s amazing how fast it‘s spreading. Many people are actually getting so sick they’re being quarantined in different countries. It’s like the Black Plague.”
“Most of the little kids in my house are sick. If this keeps up, I swear I’m moving out.”
“Hah, you wish. Anyway, it’s getting so bad, that in Europe, they’ve closed down a ton of schools. Wouldn’t it be awesome if ours was shut down? We could hang out at the mall and check out hot guys all day long.” 
I laughed. “Yeah, fat chance of that happening. They won’t even close when we have ten feet of snow.”
“Well I, for one, am sick of school; sick of all the uptight bitches, juvenile jocks, and dumb-ass tests. Seriously, I wouldn’t mind if school shut down for the rest of the year!”
I raised my eyebrows. “Wow. Having a rough week?”
She shrugged and stared out the passenger window.
"Ok, spill it. What’s wrong, Paige?”
She looked at me, her eyes moist. “Eva King. She’s such a lying, two-faced bitch. You know, she pretended to be my friend just so she could get closer to Kyle.”
Kyle used to be Paige’s boyfriend until he broke it off with her last month. I thought she’d gotten over it already since she seemed to have a crush on someone new every week.
“What do you mean?”
“I saw them kissing in the halls yesterday. She is such a conniving bitch!”
Eva is actually one of the most popular girls in school. Although Paige is much prettier and likeable, Eva’s mother is a famous news anchor and she gets treated like she’s some kind of a movie star herself. Eva’s also head-cheerleader and owns this super turbo-charged Mercedes convertible. Most of the guys at school are hot for her car.
“And he’s a prick…they deserve each other.”
 She wiped away a tear and sniffled. “Well…anyway…there is this new guy, Jeremy, who’s really cute. He sits next to me in Biology.”
I chuckled. “I can see you’re truly heartbroken.”  
Paige placed her hands over her heart. “I‘m sure Jeremy could help mend it.”
We both burst out laughing. Little did we know that in the next couple of days, our lives would turn into a living nightmare, and that we would have given anything to have such trivial problems.

 
Chapter Two


I spent most of the day at school trying to avoid those who were sick, which was almost everyone else. Many kids were absent, and the halls were unnaturally quiet, except for the consistent coughing and nose-blowing.
During last period, my math teacher, Mr. Hogan, a balding man in his fifties, blew his nose loudly and said, “Keep taking your vitamins, everyone. This flu takes no prisoners!”
In answer, many of the students wiped their own noses or coughed. I shrunk down in my desk and took out a small bottle of antibacterial gel, rubbing some on my hands. A girl next to me noticed and snorted. 
I glared at her. “It’s called keeping your hands clean. You should try it sometime.”
She gave me the finger, muttering something obscene under her breath.
Towards the end of class, our principal, Mrs. Davis, made an unexpected visit and handed Mr. Hogan some forms. They spoke quietly for several minutes and then she left, grabbing a tissue on the way out. I watched as Mr. Hogan removed his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose while examining the paperwork she’d dropped off. 
Finally, he looked up and cleared his throat. “Listen up, people,” he called. “This week, the school is giving free flu shots to all of the students. I am going to hand out all the information regarding the vaccination. Take it home, have your parents read it, sign it, and then bring it back as soon as possible.”
A few of the students moaned in protest. 
He smiled wryly and leaned back in his chair. “I understand your enthusiasm. You may not be excited about getting vaccinated, but it’s for your own good. The school is urging everyone to have this flu shot. In fact, anyone who doesn’t get permission will be required to stay home the following week, until we get this influenza epidemic under control. So, this vaccination is necessary if your parents want to keep you in school and out of the house. And…for those of you who don’t get permission, we can email you your assignments.”
Great, I thought. My mother will never agree to this flu shot, so I’ll be stuck at home next week. My parents don’t believe in messing with “Mother Nature.” They feel that flu shots lower the immune system, making one more vulnerable to other illnesses. That could also explain why our family has avoided this particular flu. My mother’s daily handful of vitamins and my green-peach tea addiction doesn’t hurt, either. 
The bell rang and I stopped into the bathroom to wash my hands. I glanced up into the mirror and found Eva King standing right next to me. She looked miserable.
“Hey, Wild. God, I hate this frigging cold,” she mumbled and blew her nose, which looked painfully red.    
Trying to forget the way she screwed over my best friend, I forced a smile. “Bummer you’re sick, too, huh?”
She nodded and smoothed down her long, red hair. “Yes. You know,” she said, turning to me, her blue eyes wide. “Sometimes I wish I were more like you. Your mom’s not famous and you get to blend in with everyone else at school. Nobody expects you to look perfect when you walk in every single day. It must be nice. I mean, I have to look amazing all the time. It’s a lot of work having my background and social status. Even this sick, I don’t get a day off.”
I bit back my laughter and replied, “Yes, I don’t think I could handle living in your world, Eva. It must be very stressful.”
Her eyes narrowed, but before she could respond, Nora Biggs slammed out of a bathroom stall, an unlit cigarette hanging from her mouth. Nora was fairly new in the school and most people shied away from her because of her unusual punk style, short temper, and rebellious attitude. 
“Hi, Nora,” I said.
Nora nodded and then began washing her hands. We have karate class together and I’ve driven her home a few times. We weren’t exactly friends, but she was civil to me.
Eva stared at Nora’s nose. “Nora. Wow, I just love your nose ring! Is that a real Zirconia?”   
Even sick, Eva was a complete bitch. 
Nora‘s eyes burned with fury and I waited for the explosion. Instead, she removed the cigarette from her lips and smirked. “No, it’s a diamond. Your boyfriend gave it to me last night after we made out.”    
Eva’s lips formed a tight line. “Classy,” she mumbled, grabbed her purse, and turned to walk away.  
“Hey, Eva,” Nora said, grabbing a paper towel.
She turned around and snapped, “What?” 
Nora smiled coldly. “You do realize that this is only high school? Being popular here doesn’t matter in the real world.” 
Eva scowled and stomped out of the bathroom.
I giggled. “Nice.”  
Nora shrugged. “Well, she deserves it. She thinks she’s so much better than everyone else. What she really deserves is to get knocked on her ass. I just wish I could be the one to do it. But hey, you know that code of honor thing-a-ma-jig.”
One of the principle rules of karate is that you can only use it for self-defense. Ever since Nora joined the class, she‘s stopped getting into fights. I’m sure it‘s been challenging for her. 
I nodded in agreement and picked up my backpack.
“You sick?” she asked, running her fingers through her long, black hair. Streaks of bright blue framed her pale face. I imagined without the heavy Goth makeup, dyed hair, and various piercings, she might look like the girl next door.  
“No. Not yet, anyway.”
Nora threw her head back and laughed. She knew about my phobia. “That must drive you insane; being around these germy bastards. I’m not sick yet either, but my old man is.” 
Nora normally lives with her dad, Ivan Biggs, who’s a guitarist for Death Row, a popular rock band. Unfortunately, he’s on tour in Europe right now, so she sees very little of him. Instead she stays with her grandmother, Iris, who has some kind of dementia and is frightened of leaving her house. She can’t even take a step outside; she’s so scared of something awful happening to her. 
“I heard almost everyone is sick in Europe.”
“Yeah, he’s in Germany right now. They’ve all been getting vaccinated. I don’t know what the big deal is, it’s just the flu. Tell you one thing; nobody’s giving me a shot. My old man isn’t around to sign the sheet and I would rather take a week off from this crap-hole. What about you?”
I cleared my throat. “Well, I won’t be getting the shot, either. My family never gets flu shots.”
Nora jaw dropped. “No shit? With you being so paranoid about germs and your mom being a Daycare Lady, I thought you‘d have gotten your shots for next year’s flu season by now.”
I stared at her. “Um…I’m not that paranoid.”
She snorted. “Whatever, Wild. Listen, I’ll see you at karate class later.”   
I watched as she strutted out of the bathroom in her heavy black boots and then looked in the mirror. I’m not paranoid, I reminded myself, just very cautious...

 
Chapter Three



My stomach was growling by the end of the day, so on the way to karate class, I stopped by a McDonald’s drive-thru and ordered a cheeseburger, extra pickles. As I handed the cashier the money, she sneezed all over the bag without apologizing. As horrified as I was, I held my tongue and choked down the food; I was that hungry.
 It was just after four o’clock by the time I made it to the dojo. Nora and Scott were already there, joking around and stretching out. I thought back to my dream where Scott had turned into a zombie, killed my neighbor’s dog, and viciously attacked me. Fortunately, his skin was clear and his green eyes were as lively as ever. He caught me staring at him and smiled curiously. 
 “Wow, small class today,” stated our instructor, Master Jordan, as he entered the room. He’s a sixth-degree Black Belt and has trained for over eighteen years. 
“Everyone must be sick,” replied Scott. I noticed he’d gotten a crew cut, which didn’t surprise me because I knew he had plans to join the military after graduation. We’d been really good friends for the last two years, and although we’d gone out on a few dates, both of us agreed that we were more comfortable in a platonic relationship.  
Master Jordan sighed. “Well,” he replied, rubbing his chin. “Since it‘s such a small class, why don’t we just practice sparring?”
All three of us love to spar, so we naturally agreed. I quickly stretched out and then suited up in my dark gray sparring gear, which consists of a helmet as well as mouth, shin, foot, and chest guards. 
“Nora, you and Scott will partner up. Cassie, you’ll be sparring with Bryce De Luca. He should be arriving any minute.”
I removed my mouth guard. “Who’s Bryce De Luca?” I asked.
He smiled. “Bryce is a new instructor from our Hugo location. They’ve shut down because of the flu.” 
I glanced through the large window facing the parking lot just as a guy in a weathered leather jacket pulled up on a motorcycle. He removed his helmet, ran his fingers through his wavy black hair, then hurried inside carrying a sports bag.
Master Jordan patted him on the back. “De Luca! I was starting to get worried about you.”
Bryce was tall with intense blue eyes. When he smiled, his dimples heated my insides.
“Sorry, the traffic was bad. If you‘ll excuse me for a minute, I just need to change,” he replied.
“No problem,” said Master Jordan.
 I stole another glance as Bryce walked towards the bathroom. He was just as interesting to look at from behind.  
Nora strolled by me casually, a smirk on her face. “Hey…wipe your mouth, there‘s drool,” she teased. 
My cheeks burned. “Whatever,” I mumbled turning away from her.  
When Bryce stepped out of the bathroom, Master Jordan motioned him over to where I was warming up. He stood several inches taller than me, had broad shoulders, and lean, muscular arms. Intricate tattoos of dragons peeked out from under his black sleeves. He caught me staring and rolled up his sleeves to show more.
“Very cool,” I said, admiring the details of the dragon’s scales, face, and fiery breath. 
“Listen, Bryce, after you warm up, I’m going to have you practice sparring with Cassandra Wild here. She just received her Black Belt last week.”
 He nodded with approval. “Congratulations, Cassandra, you should be proud of yourself.”
“Um, thanks,” I replied, trying not to blush. His belt reflected that he was a third-degree Black Belt and I prayed that I wouldn’t embarrass myself by forgetting anything I’d learned up to that point.
Bryce looked at my instructor. “I can’t tell you how relieved I was when I found out you were open today. I have a tournament next weekend and really need to practice.”
“After this class, stick around and I’ll practice atemi with you.” replied Master Jordan. “I’ve heard you’ve pretty much mastered it.”
Bryce shrugged. “Yeah, I have to admit…I’ve got a pretty good grasp of it but could always use more practice. I’d appreciate it.”
Atemi is an advanced type of martial arts technique that involves blows to different areas of the body; to break an opponent’s concentration or balance. I had personally never used it, but Master Jordan promised to incorporate it into my training this summer, especially if I was interested in entering the more advanced tournaments.
“That’s what I’m here for. Just remind me after class.”
Bryce nodded and then turned back to me, studying my face. “Cassandra Wild, huh? You know, I don’t recall seeing you at any of the tournaments.”
I shook my head. “You probably haven’t. It’s been awhile since I’ve competed. Now that I’m a Black Belt, though, that’ll probably change.”
“Great. You’d be a good distraction for some of my opponents.”
I didn’t know how to respond to that, so I just smiled.   
“Okay, you two. Better get going, time’s-a-wasting,” said Master Jordan. “Bryce, if you could work with Cassie on some of her kicks? She may need a little encouragement keeping those legs high up in the air.”
 I just wanted to fade away when I noticed Bryce’s devilish grin.  
 “You know, I’m just going to let that one go,” he replied softly. Unfortunately, it wasn’t soft enough because Nora snorted from across the room, and oh how I wanted to punch her. 
“Keep it clean, De Luca,” said Master Jordan. “You don’t want to mess with that one, her kicks are lethal.”
He chuckled. “Sounds like an interesting challenge.”
“Well, just never say I didn’t warn you, buddy,” replied Master Jordan. He then winked at me and stepped into his office.
I think Bryce must have thought I was anxious about sparring with someone more advanced, which wasn’t really the case. It was the way he looked at me that started my heart pounding madly in my chest.
“Hey, Cassandra, I was just kidding. I’ll go easy on you,” said Bryce.
“No, don’t. I can handle it,” I replied breathlessly. 
His piercing blue eyes met mine. “Look, I don’t want to hurt you. I’m obviously twice your size and much farther along in my training. You don’t have a chance against someone as formidable as me.”
My fantasy of him being a total Adonis crumbled, and I stared at him in amazement, wondering if he was for real. I cleared my throat. “You’re serious? You think I’m not going to be challenging enough for you?” I asked. 
“Most women aren’t,” he stated confidently.
His arrogance irritated me. I’d worked hard on earning my Belt and prided myself on being just as good if not better than many of the guys in my class. Chauvinism was something I simply had no tolerance for. I stomped out the small fire he’d created in my stomach and ignored how cute his butt looked in his uniform. “Well, I think the only thing you should go easy on is your own ego.”
He gave me a surprised look then chuckled.    “Ouch. Man…you are a little wild one aren’t you?” 
You’re going to soon find out, I thought as I put on my helmet and mouth guard.
Bryce took his time putting on his own gear, glancing at me occasionally with a wry smile. I refused to let him bother me, though. I couldn’t wait to wipe the cocky grin from his face.
“Ready yet?” I snapped impatiently. 
“Oh, I’m ready alright. The question is, are you ready for me, Wild?” he replied, jumping fluidly to his feet. I had to admit, with his height and combat gear in place, he was intimidating.
“I’ve been ready. And by the way, I prefer to be called Cassie.” 
He laughed at that, adding more fuel to the fire. I pushed aside my anxiety and let his irritating personality feed my adrenaline. We tapped gloves and I charged after him before he had a chance to study my fighting style. I started with a burst of fast charges and strikes, which took him a little by surprise. I bit my lip to keep from smirking as I circled around Bryce, waiting for his move.
 Bryce nodded his approval then came at me with a roundhouse kick, which I quickly blocked and countered with a couple of moves that would show him how challenging I could be. I jumped up and did a combination roundhouse with an ax-kick. I swiftly followed that move with a hard side thrust kick. This time I couldn’t hide my satisfied grin when I heard him grunt.
“Okay, not bad,” he said. 
“Told you,” said Master Jordan, who was now standing outside of his office, watching us. “She may have just gotten her Black Belt, but she’s always been a natural martial artist. Her strikes are quick and solid.”
I opened my eyes innocently. “Bryce, next time don’t hold back. Give me all you’ve got. Or aren’t you man enough.”
He gave me a crooked smile and opened his mouth to respond when Master Jordan interrupted. “Like I said, keep it clean over there, Mr. De Luca. She‘s a minor.”
“I’ll be eighteen next month,” I countered.
Bryce stared at me for a moment, his face crestfallen. “Sorry,” he said. “I thought you were older.” 
“So?” I shrugged. “What does that have to do with anything?”
He frowned and took a sip of water. “Forget about it,” he said. “Let’s just keep practicing.”
We spent the rest of the time practicing front, roundhouse, and tornado kicks. I could tell that Bryce still wasn’t being as aggressive as he could have been, but by the end of the class, both of us were sweating and out of breath. When we were finished, he removed his helmet and wiped his forehead with a towel.
 “Wow, I’m really impressed,” he said. “You snap those kicks quickly and your balance is right on. Plus, I haven’t met that many other opponents with as much power in their roundhouse kicks as you.”
“So I was a little bit of a challenge? Even for a girl?” I asked.
His smile fell away. “For anyone. Cassie, I’m sorry for sounding like a complete ass earlier. You obviously put me in line.” 
“You weren’t a complete ass,” I said dryly. 
He bit back a smile. “Really, I’m not such a bad guy once you get to know me.”
I shrugged. “If you say so…”
“Well, I’ll be back tomorrow evening, if you want to stop in and practice again.”
“I’m not sure if I’ll be here tomorrow, but thanks.” I replied, removing my chest plate.
“Okay, well maybe I’ll see you around.”
I nodded. “Sure. Good luck with your next tournament.”
“Thanks.”
I grabbed my gym bag and started stuffing my sparring gear into it. Mae, Master Jordan’s girlfriend, walked over and congratulated me on getting my Black Belt. 
“Thanks,” I said.
As usual her makeup was flawless and she was dressed like she’d just stepped out of a fashion magazine. Her exotic Asian eyes glinted with amusement.
She motioned towards Bryce. “So…you like that boy?”
“What?” I shook my head vehemently. “No…he’s just an instructor.”
I could tell by her expression that she didn’t totally believe me. Neither did I for that matter.
“Cassie, you…very pretty girl. You should let me shape your eyebrows and give you manicure. I will do it, no charge. Men like beautiful nails and tidy eyebrows.” Mae owns the nail shop in the same mini-mall as the karate studio.
“Oh, no…that’s okay, Mae,” I replied, now feeling self-conscious about my eyebrows. I realized my nails were a lost cause, but I thought I’d done a pretty decent job plucking my own eyebrows.
She unexpectedly grabbed my hand and looked at my nails. “No. You come and let me do this for you. Your nails are…ugly. This is my treat for earning your Black Belt. Tomorrow night?”
Embarrassed and defeated, I accepted her offer. “Um, okay. Thank you?”
Master Jordan joined us and put his arms around her. “Better listen to Mae. She won’t accept NO for an answer.”
“Either do you,” she replied firmly.
“What can I say, Mae? I didn’t want you to miss out on having such a great guy. Besides, you know you couldn’t resist me. You finally said yes.” He was actually pretty good looking for someone in their thirties. Blond hair, blue eyes, and kicking body, he kind of reminds me of Paul Walker, from the “Fast and The Furious.” 
She chuckled. “I gave in so you’d stop embarrassing me at my shop. How many times a week did you ask for both pedicure and date?”
“I thought you liked massaging my feet?”
She looked down at his feet. “I got tired of looking at your corns.”
Master Jordan’s face fell, but I could tell he was amused. “Corns? Mae, you’re killing me!”
Mae and I burst out laughing. She then grabbed him around the waist and dragged him away while he pretended to pout. 
I walked through the locker room and into the entryway, where Nora was standing. “So, that new instructor was smoking hot,” she said. “Did you get his number?” 
I scowled. “No! Are you kidding? He’s an instructor. Besides, he’s kind of annoying.”
She smiled. “Well as annoying as he was, he certainly couldn’t keep his eyes off of you.”
I rolled my eyes. “That’s because we were sparring, Nora.”
She shook her head. “No, it was more than that.”
Her words pleased me, though. I was a little intrigued with him; there was no denying that. But he was an instructor and too arrogant for my tastes.
“You need a ride home?” I asked her.
“No, Scott’s going to give me a lift.” This time Nora’s cheeks turned bright pink. “It’s no big deal. I guess he doesn’t live far from my grandma’s. Anyway, I was wondering if you’d want to hang out this weekend? My dad sent a copy of his latest CD. We could listen to it and order a pizza or something. If you don‘t have anything else going on?”
That was surprising. “I might be able to Saturday night. I’ll call you.”
Just then Scott walked up and hip-checked me. “Hey, girl, you ready for prom?”
“Almost,” I replied.
Nora’s face fell. “You guys are going to the prom together?”
“Just as friends!” we both said at the same time. 
Her face brightened immediately. “Oh, well that’s cool! Have fun.”
“You’re not going?” Scott asked Nora.
She shook her head and began picking at lint on her karate uniform.
“Well, why not?” he asked. 
Nora sighed and lifted her arms up. “Are you kidding me? Could you picture me at prom?”
“Actually, yes I could. I’m kind of shocked that nobody asked you,” replied Scott.
Nora rolled her eyes. “Don’t be. It really isn’t my thing anyway. Look, we’d better get going. I have to check on Grams, make sure she’s okay.”
“No problem,” said Scott. He turned to me. “I’ll talk to you at school tomorrow.”
“Bye, you guys,” I said. “I’ll catch you tomorrow, Nora.”
She nodded and I watched as they left together. When he opened the passenger door for her, she appeared surprised, then flashed him one of her rare smiles. It suddenly all made sense to me; Nora was totally into Scott, and seeing the way Scott responded to Nora, he probably felt the same way.

 
Chapter Four


When I picked up Allie from her dance class, she was unusually quiet.
“Is everything okay?” I asked her.
“Yeah,” she replied, laying her blond head back against the seat. Normally she was a chatterbox, so I knew something was bothering her. 
I turned down my radio. “Spill it…what’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong.”
Allie and I didn‘t always get along, but she’s still my little sister and I don’t like seeing her glum. “Okay. But if you need my advice on anything…”
She let out a dramatic sigh. “Well, if you really want to know…” Then she rambled on about some boy she had a crush on at school. Apparently he teased her in front of everyone, completely humiliating her. “He actually said I was high maintenance!”
It took all my will to hold back my smile. Obviously he knew Allie pretty well. “Listen, boys your age are clueless. Forget about him and focus on something else, like getting good grades, or hanging out with your friends. In a couple of years, the guys will be following you around like puppy dogs.” It was true, with her blond hair, blue eyes, and radiant smile, she had absolutely nothing to worry about.
“You sound just like mom,” she pouted. 
I cringed, although I agreed with my mother on this one. “Well this time she’s right.” 
Allie fell silent again and took out her cell phone. A minute later she was on the phone with Kylie, Paige’s younger sister. They were close friends. They chatted for a few minutes, making plans for the weekend. When she hung up, she was her usual upbeat self.
“Kylie wants to see a movie this weekend and have a sleepover.”
“That sounds like fun,” I replied.
Allie‘s eyes lit up. “Hey, you should come over, too. We could order a pizza and swim in the indoor pool at night. It‘s so cool.”
Paige and Kylie’s mother, Kristie, just recently married this rich guy named Dan. He owns several restaurants in the area and they now live in a huge mansion with two swimming pools, a tennis court, and a shooting range. Allie spends more time there than she does at home.
I narrowed my eyes. “Kristie is going to be gone? That could lead to trouble.” 
“What do you mean?” she asked, looking cross.
Kylie is a nice girl, but she tends to attract trouble, even when she isn’t looking for it. My mom says that Kylie reminds her exactly of Kristie when she was little. Our moms had played together as children, and I guess Kristie had been a real hell-raiser growing up. Frankly, she’s still pretty feisty and you never know what she’ll say or do next. Kylie has the same fiery spirit as her mom and it’s gotten both Allie and herself in trouble in the past.
“Forget about it. Well, it sounds interesting but I promised Nora I’d hang out with her Saturday night. She‘s depressed about her dad being away. She lost her driver’s license a few months ago and doesn‘t have many friends.”
“Nora? Awesome, invite her too! I’m sure Paige will be fine with that.”
I snorted. “Unlikely. Nora scares the crap out of most people. I can’t imagine Paige being thrilled about her coming over.”
“Just check,” Allie pleaded. “It would be so much fun! I haven’t been to a real slumber-party in ages. It’s usually just me and Kylie.”
Shrugging, I said, “I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to ask.” 
“It’s going to be so much fun!” my sister replied all giddy. She turned on the radio and started singing and bouncing around to the music. “Hey, it’s your song!” Ironically it’s called “Wild Ones” by Flo Rida, and she’s always playing it for me on her iPod. 
“Allie, don’t forget to check with mom, too!” I yelled over the music
She nodded, then leaned over and gave me an unexpected kiss on the cheek. Unlike me, she wasn’t shy about showing affection to anyone. “I get to hang out with my sister,” she sang. “The Wild One!”  
I smiled at her. Allie was growing up quickly, but to me, she’d always be the mischievous imp dancing around in her crooked tiara and Little Mermaid gown.

~~~

Later that night, when my mother read the information about the flu shot, she was furious. She crumpled up the permission sheet and tossed it into the garbage. “It’s ridiculous. They can’t enforce this. I’m calling the school.” 
I rolled my eyes. “Mom there’s nothing you can do. Maybe we should just get the stupid shot.”
Mom put her hands on her hips. “Are you kidding me? Absolutely not! Did you notice how our family hasn’t come down with anything yet? It’s because we don’t get those stupid flu shots. If we did, we’d probably be as sick as everyone else.”
“Sorry…” I mumbled.
Allie pouted. “Mom, I have to go to school. There’s a major test next week.” I also knew she didn’t want to be away from her friends or the guy she was crushing on.
Mom put her arm around Allie‘s shoulders. “Don’t worry about it, sweetie. I’ll make some calls and get this taken care of.”
I got up off the couch and stretched. “Well, if I can’t go to school, I’m definitely not hanging around Daycare Central,” I said.
“I’m sure you’ll find something to do. Otherwise you can run some errands for me, like picking up your prom dress.” 
Although I wasn’t thrilled about wearing a dress, my mother had helped me choose one that I actually liked; a strapless, coral-colored chiffon gown that made my waist look smaller and my skin look tan. 
 After dinner, as my mom disinfected the daycare area of the house, I took a shower, then retreated to my bedroom and turned on the television. There were news reports on every channel covering the flu epidemic. On channel eleven, Eva King’s mother, Veronica, was interviewing a spokesperson from the Centers for Disease Control Prevention (C.D.C). I actually like Eva’s mother, who I’d met back in grade school at a birthday party. Although she’s somewhat of a celebrity, she never once acted snooty or cold. In fact she was really sweet to everyone, unlike her daughter.
 Veronica definitely wasn’t herself today; she looked sick and miserable. Her normally tan face was pale, her nose bright red, and her blue eyes watery. Usually she looked so professional, with no red curl out of place.
“This is Veronica King, and if you’re just tuning in, I have Dr. William Blake from the Centers for Disease Control on satellite. We‘ve been discussing this new flu virus that people are referring to as ‘The Creeper’, because it starts out slow and then hits its victim pretty hard. Does that about sum it up, Doctor?”
“Correct,” replied Dr. Blake stiffly. He was over fifty, slim, with little round glasses and wispy grey hair that didn’t quite cover the bald spot. 
“Thank you again for joining us, Doctor. As I mentioned, this virus has been spreading at an alarming rate. It’s affected the entire country,” she croaked and then cleared her throat. ”Excuse me. I mean the entire world. The big question tonight is, how do we control this growing epidemic?”
“That’s easy, Ms. King, we control it by making wise decisions; like getting vaccinated. It’s imperative, especially for our elderly and small children.”
Veronica’s eyes narrowed. “And you stand behind this vaccine one hundred percent? Earlier we heard from other medical experts stating that they don’t feel the vaccine is having a significant enough effect on this particular virus. Millions of people have still contracted severe flu symptoms even after getting vaccinated. Emergency rooms have been flooded and can’t even care for their patients properly. They’ve had to turn people away. Let me ask you this, is the CDC working on improving the current vaccine?”
Dr. Blake cleared his throat. “Yes, well, our scientists are working around the clock to evaluate and improve the current vaccine. But, these things still take a considerable amount of time. I cannot stress enough, however, how important it is to get the current vaccine that is available right now.”
 Frowning, she replied, “What’s the point if it doesn’t seem to be working? What about those people who’ve been hospitalized? Countless numbers of patients who’ve slipped into comas; reports indicate they‘d all received the vaccination.”
Dr. Blake smiled smugly. “I can assure you that if they hadn’t been vaccinated, they would have probably perished. We are quite confident that the vaccine has lessened the symptoms and has saved many lives thus far.”
She released a heavy sigh. “Well, I hope you’re right. One last thing…there have been accusations from certain leaders of the United Nations, claiming the virus was created by terrorists, specifically targeting countries the U.S. supports. What are your views on this?”
He laughed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Utter nonsense. Come on, a terrorist virus? It’s just another strain of the seasonal flu. In a week or two we‘ll have a more powerful vaccine available to the public and this won’t seem like such a crisis. It‘s just the flu, nothing more.”
Veronica sniffled and grabbed a tissue. “Excuse me.” She dabbed at her nose then smiled weakly. “A flu virus on…steroids?” 
“If that’s what you want to call it.”
“Okay. Thank you for joining us tonight, Dr. Blake. This is Veronica King with WCCL, reminding everyone to keep taking your vitamins and stock up on tissues.”
I sighed and turned off the television.
There was a soft knock on my door and then my mother peeked in. “Cassie, Paige is on the phone,” she said. 
“Wow…nice look, mom,” I snorted. Pieces of brown hair stuck out of a plastic cap and her face was covered with thick, green slime.
She smiled and patted her head. “Oh, you like this?”
“It‘s awesome. Dad‘s going to love it, seriously.”
Her hazel eyes sparkled with amusement. “You think? Your dad and I are going to a party this weekend and I’d hate to embarrass him.”
“He‘ll be the envy of all the other guys with you on his arm.”
She left and I could hear her giggling all the way down the hall.
I picked up the phone. “Hi.”
“Hi, Cassie.”
“So I heard about the slumber-party.”
“Yeah, but unfortunately I made plans with Nora for Saturday night.”
“Well, do you think she’d want to hang out with all of us? I don’t have any plans yet for this weekend and my folks are going out. As long as she behaves herself, we should have fun.”
I cracked up. “Honestly, Nora’s not that bad. She told Eva King off in the bathroom earlier today; it was awesome! You both might have more in common than you think.”
“Really? Well, in that case, she‘s definitely invited. Let me know what she says.”
After I hung up with Paige, I called Nora to find out if she’d be willing to go to Paige’s Saturday night. Fortunately, she liked the idea.
“So she has a swimming pool? That sounds cool. I’ll hang,” said Nora.
“Okay. I’ll let Paige know.”
“Sweet!”
I hung up the phone right as Allie rushed into my room.
“Excuse me? Knock before you enter,” I said.
Her eyes were large. “Oh, my God…you have to watch the news! Some hospital in France was attacked by a bunch of crazy patients. I guess they were acting like cannibals, eating each other’s flesh! Can you believe it? How gross is that?”
I made a face. “Really?”
We turned on the television. Sure enough, every channel was reporting about the incident. On one station, an anchorman stood outside of the French hospital where their local police surrounded the building. 
“So far, there have been reports of at least fifty fatalities during this bizarre attack. The building has now been secured and everything seems to be under control. At least ten people have been arrested and detained; all were patients that were being treated in the hospital when this madness occurred. We’ll have more updates for you in just a minute.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” I said, turning off the television. “I don’t want to hear any more. This stuff gives me nightmares, so if you want to watch the news, do it in your room.”
Allie blew on her freshly painted nails. “No, that’s okay. It’s too freaky for me to watch, too. Anyway …did you talk to Nora yet about Saturday?” 
“Yes, she’s interested,” I said, picking up my iPod.  
“Cool. I like Nora and I really love her tattoo.”
Nora had several tattoos, but the one Allie was referring to was of a small fairy on the back of her neck. A blue fairy covered in chainmail that was scowling and stood ready to kick ass.
I looked at my sister in surprise, as far as I could remember, she’d always been a girly-girl. “Isn’t that a little dark for your tastes?”
She looked at me like I was an alien. “No. In fact I’m going to see if I can get my nose pierced for my birthday this year.”
I snorted. “Good luck with that. I’d like to see dad’s expression when you run it by him.”
She put her hands on her waist and scowled. “Mom will let me.”
“Right…”
Allie mumbled something and then left the room. 
Tweens, I thought. They think they know everything.

 
Chapter Five


I woke up Tuesday morning without Jed sneaking up on me or any remnants of a nightmare where someone was trying to eat my brains. When I made it to the bathroom without any kids charging after me, I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn’t dreaming. The house was so unnaturally quiet that it put me on edge and I just couldn’t enjoy it.
When I made it to the kitchen, my dad was eating and reading the paper.
“Well, this is kind of a nice change,” commented my dad as he finished a bowl of cereal. Normally he brought his breakfast downstairs to his Man Cave.  
“Nice? It’s weird. Megan is the only one here and it’s too quiet,” I answered.
“I’ll take the weird and quiet any day,” he said then glanced at his watch. “Shoot, I’m running late. Bye, sweetheart.” He stood up and kissed the top of my head.
“See you later, dad.”
Just then two-year-old Megan came barreling into the kitchen, giggling. “Hi, Cassie!” she shouted.
“Hi, Megan,” I answered as she flung herself at me, wrapping her arms tightly around my legs. We’d watched her since she was a baby and I had to admit, she held a special place in my heart.
I kneeled down and tugged her hair. “Oh…your hair looks so cute today!” Her short blond hair was pulled tightly into two little ponytails. She touched them proudly and smiled with her big doe eyes.  
“Where Jed?” she asked.
I poked her playfully in the tummy. “Don’t know.”
She giggled and then asked, “Where Daniel?” 
“Don’t know,” I said, this time tickling her.
She laughed hysterically as I continued to tickle her. When she’d had enough, I put her on my lap and she asked about the remaining daycare kids. 
I sighed. “Sorry, I really don’t know. I think most of them are sick and stayed home with their mommies to get better.”
Just then my mom walked into the kitchen and informed me that everyone was sick with the flu. Except for Megan and her mother, Sara, who was six months pregnant.
“Thank God Sara’s not sick with this virus,” I replied.
“And she’s not getting that vaccination, either. I talked her out of it,” declared my mom proudly.
“Daddy sick,” Megan said, matter-of-factly. She then raced back into the toy area. 
“Oh. Well hopefully he doesn’t get either of them sick,” I said.
“I heard that Kevin is just miserable and wants her to stay away from him. I told Sara she could stay here if she wanted to, since her folks live a couple of hours away, and she still has to work. At least until after Megan’s dad gets better. But she declined. She just doesn’t want to impose. Plus, she really wants to take care of him.”
“Oh,” I said. I looked at my mom’s hair. It looked pretty with the new highlights and colored gray. “Your hair looks nice, mom.”
She smiled at me. “Thanks, honey.”
“And have you lost some weight?” I asked.
“Maybe a little,” she replied, looking down. “I haven’t had time to eat much this week with all of the kids being sick. I’m actually relieved that most of them are gone today.”
“So am I,” I replied. When the kids were here, my germ phobia was on high alert. Lately, it’s begun to recede.
My mom turned on the small television sitting on the kitchen counter. She poured herself a cup of coffee and began flipping through the channels. 
“I’m going to karate class again tonight, mom,” I told her.  
“Um?” she replied, not really paying attention. 
I raised my voice. “I said, I won’t be home until after eight this evening. I’m getting a free manicure from Mae and then I’m going to karate.”
She turned to me and put her arm around my shoulder. “I’m sorry, honey. I wasn’t trying to ignore you. I was just trying to see if there are any updates about the crisis in Europe.”
I grabbed a fresh blueberry muffin that was sitting on the stove. “Crisis? Are you talking about that attack at the French hospital?”
She took a sip of coffee. “Well, there’s been a string of violence and rioting in other countries as well. France, Germany, Italy, everywhere. It’s kind of crazy.”
“Are they terrorist attacks?”
“That’s the thing... nobody is really sure who is doing it or why it keeps happening. The government isn’t releasing any information and the media is bewildered. It’s just really…bizarre.”
“Well, I’m sure it will all blow over,” I answered, dismissing it. To me it seemed that violence was pretty normal all over the world at any given moment.
She shrugged and then turned off the television. “Could you pick up Allie tonight at Kylie’s? They are working on some science project. That way her mom won’t have to drive her home.” 
“Fine, but it won’t be until after eight o’clock.”
“That’s fine. I’ll let them know. Thanks, honey.”

~~~

My truck sputtered to life and then made some weird puttering noises as I drove over to Paige’s house. When she got in to the truck, she looked at me nervously.
“Are you sure we’re going to make it to school in this rig? It sounds pretty bad.”
I raised my eyebrows and lied through my teeth. “Ye of little faith…of course I’m sure!”
“Well…okay.”
“You worry too much, Paige.”
She shrugged and then her eyes became really round. “I forgot to tell you! Guess what?”
“What?” I asked.
“My mom got a tattoo on her lower back! A butterfly tattoo.”
I smiled. “Your mom got a ‘tramp stamp’?”
That’s what some of the guys at school liked to call lower back tattoos. 
She nodded. “Oh, my God… yes! Dan made her do it.”
“I’m sure your mom had some say.” 
Kristie isn’t exactly what I’d call a pushover. She has a sharp tongue and the body of an amazon to back it up.
“I don’t know, but if she starts getting piercings on odd places of her body, I’m not sticking around.”
I burst out laughing, trying to imagine Kristie with a tongue ring and a new lisp.
“It’s not funny,” said Paige, trying to stop the smile threatening her lips.
My eyes were watering I was laughing so hard. “Oh, come on. It’s funny!”
She folded her hands across her chest. “Okay, think about your mom getting her nose pierced or something further south.”
I grimaced. “Okay, that’s totally not funny.”
The truck made some weird snorting noise and we both looked worriedly at each other.
“Just please…get us to school,” begged Paige.
I nodded and we drove in a nervous silence. Miraculously, we made it with minutes to spare.
“Great, it’s Eva,” I muttered, watching as her red car pulled up next to ours. To make matters worse, my truck backfired as she was sliding out of her car. 
Eva ignored us completely, which was a pleasant surprise to us both. The way she was blowing her nose made it obvious as to why.
The entire school day was pretty much uneventful, although there were even less students than yesterday. Many brought signed permission slips, and the line leading to the gymnasium, where the shots were being administered, was never-ending. 
Because I wasn’t getting any kind of vaccination, I did what I could to avoid getting sick by sucking on vitamin C lozenges throughout the day and drinking bottled green tea. When the final bell of the day rang, we were almost the last vehicle in the parking lot and someone had to give us a jump. 
“See you tomorrow?” I asked her. 
“I might get a ride from Jeremy,” she answered. “Call me if you want one as well.”
I nodded, hoping that my truck would hold up a few more days. It was probably time to talk to my dad about getting it fixed.
When I arrived at the nail shop, Mae greeted me with open arms then stared at my eyebrows with disapproval. 
“Eyebrows first,” she announced and then dragged me to the back of the shop where she pushed me into a high-backed leather reclining chair. She reclined it until I was looking straight up at her. Taking a small eyebrow comb, she brushed my eyebrows then carefully spread something warm above my eyelids.
“Wax,” she murmured staring intently at my unruly eyebrows.  
“Oh.”
“Relax,” she demanded, pressing firmly down on them. I closed my eyes and she ripped away a strip of eyebrow hair.
“Ahhh!” I gasped.
She gave me a wry smile. “Not that bad.”
When Mae spread wax above my other eye, I grasped onto the arms of the chair and waited as she counted.
“One, two…” and then she tore it off.
I flinched and looked up at her. “Hey! What happened to three?” 
She patted my arm and laughed. “Better this way. Hair comes out easier when you don’t tense up.”
Mae then picked up the tweezers and began plucking away. When she appeared satisfied with the results, she applied some kind of gel that immediately soothed my irritated skin. She handed me a mirror; my skin was bright pink above my eyes, but I had to admit, my brows definitely looked more sophisticated. I grinned and nodded my approval.
“No more bushes,” she stated proudly.
“Yes, thank you.”
Next, Mae took me over to a nail technician.
“This Ming,” she said and turned to the young girl. “French nails. Sports length.”
Ming nodded and gave then me a sympathetic look as she examined my nails.
“Pretty bad, huh?” I asked.
She shrugged and then began transforming my stubby nails into something less pathetic. Forty-five minutes later, after thanking Mae profusely, I left the shop, unable to stop staring at my new French manicure. My fingertips had never looked so clean and white.
 
Chapter Six



I was ravenous when I left Mae’s shop, but there wasn’t enough time to stop anywhere for food. I remembered a vending machine in the karate studio, so I scrounged around in my purse and found some loose change.
The studio is located in the same mini-mall, just two doors down from the nail shop. As I stopped by my truck to grab my sports bag, I noticed Bryce’s motorcycle parked nearby, and the butterflies in my stomach began to flutter. I took a deep breath and walked through the door.
 The front viewing room was unoccupied, the receptionist gone, but the vending machine was full, luckily, with one of my favorite snacks. I purchased a bag of dill pickle potato chips and washed it down with a bottle of water. Knowing I was alone, I released a silent burp but then panicked; my breath was horrible! I scrounged around in my jeans and found enough money for a pack of mints. At least I wouldn’t be attacking anyone with my rancid breath.
Slipping into the locker room, I brushed my hair back into a ponytail, applied some mascara, and put on some lip gloss that my sister had given me last night. With my new eyebrows, I had to admit I looked pretty darn good.
Glancing at the time, I noticed that I was running late, so I rushed to put on my uniform. I tied my belt quickly and then respectfully entered the dojo. 
Bryce and Scott were off in a corner practicing with Bokkens, which are wooden Samurai training swords. I caught Bryce’s eye briefly as he leaped over Scott’s Bokken, and counter-attacked. My heart raced as I watched them swinging, jumping, and striking at each other so sinuously. Although I could see that both guys were extremely talented with their Bokkens, there was no denying that Bryce was the expert.
When they finished up, Scott greeted me with a warm smile while Bryce barely acknowledged my presence, offering only a curt nod as he put his equipment away. It was unnerving, especially after the way he’d teased me only the day before. 
“Cassie,” said Scott, kneeling next to me while I stretched my legs. “I’ve been meaning to ask you…what do you think of Nora?” 
I’d completely forgotten about Nora. “Nora? Where is she? She was supposed to be here.” Come to think about it, I hadn’t remembered seeing her at school earlier in the day either.
He ran a hand over his face and sighed. “Well, I went to pick her up earlier and she was upset. She can’t get in touch with her dad, doesn’t know exactly which city he’s in, and with the violence going on in Germany, she’s really freaking out. She stayed home with her grandmother to comfort her and find out what’s going on.”
I stood up quickly. “Oh, shoot! Maybe I should give her a call and see if I can help, somehow.”
Scott shook his head and laughed wryly. “I doubt she’ll be very receptive. I tried sticking around to see if I could help, but she basically told me to ‘get lost.’”
I sighed. “I’m sure she’s just upset.”
“Tell me about it. Anyway, that’s why I wanted to ask you about her. I really don’t know her aside from this class. It seems to me that she comes around as some kind of tough ass most of the time. She has this prickly wall around her. Then other times she throws me for a loop by acting normal, almost sweet. I think she actually flirted with me yesterday.”
I smiled. “Maybe she likes you?”
He snorted. “Well, she has a strange way of showing it.”
“Seriously, Scott, I know very little about her myself. She hasn’t made many friends at school; she either scares people away or just blows them off. To tell you the truth, I was shocked when she asked me to hang out with her this weekend.”
Just then Bryce stormed over, interrupting us. “Hey?”
“Yes?” I answered. 
He studied my face for a minute. “You two going to sit here and waste time, or did you actually want to learn something today?” 
His rudeness surprised and irritated me. I glared at him. “Sure, but who put you in charge?”
Bryce put his hands on his waist. “Excuse me? That’s no way to talk to an instructor, Wild,” he answered gruffly.
“Respect is earned,” I countered.
A muscle twitched in his jaw as we stared at each other. Before I had a chance to catch my breath, he stalked away.
I looked at Scott. “What crawled up his butt?” 
He shrugged. “I don’t know. He was fine earlier.”
I glanced towards Bryce, who was now on his cell phone. From the expression on his face, he was in the middle of a very heated discussion. 
Master Jordan took that moment to step out of his office, up-beat as usual.
“Hi, guys! Listen, Bryce is going to assist you tonight with training. I promised Mae I’d take her to dinner tonight.”
I released a heavy sigh. “Great.”  
Master Jordan took my arm and pulled me aside. “What is it? Is Bryce giving you any trouble?” 
I shook my head. “Not really, he’s just…grouchy.”
He scratched his closely-cropped beard and said, “Well, I came down hard on him this afternoon for his performance yesterday. This is a respectable karate studio, not a dating service.”
I looked at him blankly. “What do you mean?”
“Come on, I heard the way he was flirting with you yesterday.”
Embarrassed, I lowered my eyes. “Oh.”
He touched my shoulder. “Cassie, if he gives you any trouble, let me know right away. Call me, text me, whatever you have to do. But sincerely, I don’t think you have to worry about him; he really is a decent guy. He just needed a little reminder of whom and what he’s representing here at the studio.”
“Well, don’t worry about me. I can certainly take care of myself.”
Secretly I hadn’t minded the banter between us yesterday. In fact, his taunting blue eyes were all I’d thought about since then. It was one of the reasons I’d showed up today.
“By the way,” Master Jordan said as he lifted my hands and examined my fingertips, “your nails look very lovely…for a killing machine.”
I giggled. “Thank you, Sensei.”
“Now, my dear Cassie, I think they’re waiting for you,” he said, releasing my hands and turning me around.
Bryce avoided eye contact, which made me even more irritated. I hadn’t done anything to deserve his cruel attitude today.
“See you guys next week!” waved Master Jordan as he walked out of the studio. 
As I waved, I caught Bryce staring at me again. He looked away and took a drink of water.
“Ready, guys?” he asked finally. Then he had us form a line to do several push-ups and sit-ups. 
The next half hour we practiced several difficult kicks and punches which I normally enjoy. Today it was pure hell. Bryce was so intolerable that even Scott noticed and started getting frustrated.
“Dude, what is your problem? Ever since The Wild One got here, you’ve been riding our asses!”
I wanted to kick Scott for saying that. He liked to tease me about my nickname, too.
Bryce’s face grew hot. “Look,” he said, “you’re both Black Belts now and I’m here to teach you, not make things easy or comfortable.”
“Yeah, but you don’t have to be a dick about it,” replied Scott.
Bryce smiled coldly. “If you can’t handle my way of teaching, then feel free to leave.”
“Best thing you’ve come up with all night. I’m outta here,” said Scott, grabbing his gym bag. He muttered something under his breath and stomped out of the dojo. Deep down, I knew he’s wanted to leave earlier, to check on Nora. I could tell he was already falling for her.
Bryce turned to me with a stony expression. “What about you, Wild One?”  
I stuck my chin out defiantly. “What about me?”
“You think I’m too demanding?”
“You’re a little…intense.”
Bryce’s mouth twisted into a sardonic grin. He ran a hand through his wavy hair then gazed candidly at me. “You know, there’s something different about you today. You’ve done something…to your hair or face.”
I shrugged. I certainly wasn’t going to tell him I had my eyebrows waxed. Instead I said, “Could it be the way my eyes are glaring at you? Oh, wait! They were doing the same thing yesterday.”
He looked away and chuckled.
His moods were so up and down, I wondered if he was even aware that he was slightly deranged. “Are we done here? Because I don’t think I want to spend another half hour with someone who’s obviously got an issue with me.”
Bryce gave me a confused look. “I don’t understand what you mean.”
“You’ve been shooting daggers at me since I got here. I’m not even sure what I’ve done to offend you so much,” I said and started walking away.
He grabbed my arm. “You don’t offend me at all.”
“Well you have a strange way of showing it,” I said looking up at him.
His eyes searched mine and softened. “Your eyes are so…fascinating,” he said, still holding onto my arm.  
I’ve had compliments on my eyes before, which always puzzled me since I thought they looked like pretty average brown eyes. My mom says it’s because my lashes are so thick and long. 
He stepped back and cleared his throat. “Well, listen it’s getting late and I’ve got to get home. We should call it a night.”
I nodded. “I have to pick up my sister anyway.”
Bryce started shutting off the lights in the dojo and I went into the locker room to wash up and run a brush through my hair. When I walked out of the locker room I found him waiting for me in the entryway, dressed in faded jeans and a tight blue T-shirt. He was on his cell phone, clearly frustrated with whomever he was talking to. I waved at him and he hung up the phone.
“Hold up, I’ll walk you out,” he said, throwing on a brown leather jacket. 
“Okay,” I said.
He locked the front entrance door, set the alarm, and walked me outside. “Nice night,” he said, looking into the sky.
There was a soft breeze and the stars twinkled above us. “Yeah,” I replied.
He followed me to my truck and stood watching me fumble in my purse for my keys. “Listen,” he said, clearing his throat. “I’m sorry about earlier. I was being a little bit of a jerk I guess.”
“You guess?” I asked dryly.  
He shrugged. “I just…there’s stuff going on at home,” he said, putting his hands in his pockets.
“And then there’s Master Jordan bawling you out.” 
Bryce chuckled. “He told you, huh? Well, he was right. I was out of line and should have been more professional.”
“It wasn’t a big deal. It really didn’t bother me.”
“Good, because I wasn’t trying to bother you,” he said, looking away. “You just…intrigue me I guess.”
I blushed. “Intrigue you?” I couldn’t believe a guy found me intriguing. Especially one that was incredibly hot. 
He turned to me again. “Yes…but I’m one of your karate instructors and probably too old for you.”
I searched his face, trying to decipher how old he actually was. He had a strong jawline with a five o’clock shadow and thick, dark eyebrows that emphasized the blueness of his eyes. He was definitely good-looking, but not the type of perfection that you read about in sappy romance novels. Bryce’s nose was slightly crooked and there was a white scar near his chin cleft. “So, how old are you?”
He smiled. “Twenty.”
That wasn’t so bad, although I knew my parents wouldn’t be excited about me dating someone almost old enough to enter a bar. 
His cell chirped and he frowned. “Well, I better let you get home. I’ve got to take this call; it’s probably my mother, again.”
“Ok. See you around,” I said, getting into my truck.
He turned around and began walking towards his motorcycle. 
I admired his derriere again as I stuck my key into the truck’s ignition. There was a loud click when I turned the key, but unfortunately nothing else. After a couple more attempts to start the engine, Bryce noticed and jogged back over. I rolled my window down. 
“Pop the hood,” he said.
I obeyed and he began fiddling around with things in the engine.
“Try it again!” he called from under the hood.
Again, nothing happened. 
He rubbed the back of his hand against his forehead and looked down again.
“Okay, now try it!” he yelled again. 
This time it fired right up. 
He smiled and gave me a thumbs-up. Closing the hood, he walked over to my open window. “I think you might need a new carburetor,” he said, wiping his fingers on his jeans. He had a smudge of grease on his forehead and I smiled, but didn’t tell him.
“Is it safe to drive?” 
“You should be fine. But let me give you my cell phone number, just in case you have any problems. I’d follow you, but I really need to get home,” he replied just as his cell phone began to ring again. He checked his phone but didn’t answer. 
“Thanks,” I said as he gave me his number.
“Good thing I was still here. This place is like a ghost town.” 
I glanced around the dark shops and streets. It was totally deserted. “It’s the flu, I bet. Nobody is going anywhere.”
He nodded. “I know what that’s like. My mom has it, too. That’s why she keeps calling me, hounding me to get home.”
I smiled at him. “Well, then you better go. Thanks again, Bryce.”
He slowly leaned forward and brushed a strand of my hair away from my lips. The smell of leather and his aftershave was intoxicating. I held my breath as he stared into my eyes. “Call me when you get home so I know you made it, okay?” he asked, his voice husky.
I knew right then and there, that I’d never met anyone who’d taken my breath away as much as Bryce did. “Sure,” I replied softly.
“Okay, well goodbye again, ‘Wild One,’” he said, turning away.
I watched as Bryce jogged back over to his motorcycle. He put on his leather jacket and helmet then straddled the bike. He waited until I started moving then followed me for a couple of blocks. When his bike turned away and he was no longer in my rearview mirror, I was already missing him.
 

Chapter Seven




My phone began vibrating as I headed to Kylie and Paige’s to pick up Allie, which I’d almost forgotten about. I grabbed it out of my pocket and read a text from my mom telling me that school was cancelled for the rest of the week and I didn’t have to pick up my sister since she was staying overnight. 
Nice, I thought. That was one less thing I had to worry about. 
I changed directions and started heading home. I noticed most of the roads were completely deserted, which wasn’t as surprising as the fact that many of the fast food restaurants and gas stations I passed were also dark and closed. The flu was destroying profits for many businesses. 
My mom was reading a book in the Man Cave when I got home. “Hi, honey,” she said, setting it down on the end table.
“Hey,” I replied.
She smiled. “Your eyebrows look very…chic.”
“Thanks – and check out my nails,” I said, holding out my hands.
“Very nice,” she replied, lifting them up.
I sunk into the oversized couch next to her favorite chair. “So, school’s closed. That’s a first.”
“Yes, it’s on the news. All of the schools have been shut down temporarily, due to the flu.” She stretched her arms and stood up. “Are you hungry? I could make you a sandwich.”
“Yes, I’m starving! Thanks, mom.” 
I got up and followed her into the kitchen where she began making me a tuna and pickle sandwich. I washed my hands and sat down.
Just then my dad walked into the kitchen.
“Hello, ladies,” he said, kissing us both on the cheek.
“Hi, dad,” I said.
My mom smiled. “Hi, honey, how was your day?”
He gave us a despairing look and sat down by the counter. “It was a complete waste of time, with absolutely no customers. It’s almost the end of the month and they still expect us to move cars. Everyone has the flu. How do I overcome that obstacle?” 
“I’m sorry,” said my mom as she moved behind him and began rubbing his shoulders.
He closed his eyes and smiled. “Thanks, that feels good.”
“Maybe business will pick up tomorrow?” asked my mom.
“Doubtful. Damn, I just need to find a new job.”
My mom and I both looked at each other but didn’t say anything. 
He grabbed my mom and hugged her. “Can we switch jobs for a day? Let me corral the daycare kids and you can sell cars. Come on, hon.”
My mom smiled sympathetically. “You wouldn’t survive a day.”
“I could put them in kennels? Lock them up and feed them when they get hungry,” he said, smiling.
“Very funny,” my mom answered.
My cell phone began to ring. It was Bryce! I’d forgotten to call him back.
“I’m sorry!” I answered into the phone. 
My parents stared curiously as I hurried out of the kitchen.
“You should be. I was getting worried about you,” Bryce said sternly.
I smiled with pleasure. Bryce was actually worried about me. 
“I made it. I survived,” I said.
He chuckled. “So, did you notice the roads? How deserted they were? I thought maybe I was in one of those old episodes of the Twilight Zone or something. It was really weird.”
“It was totally odd. This flu virus must be really getting out of control,” I said.
“Tell me about it. My mother is so sick, I don’t know how she’s going to care for my brother tomorrow,” he muttered.
“I didn’t know you had a brother. How old is he?”
“Bobby? He’s six.”
“Well, my mother runs a daycare. She might be willing to watch him until your mom gets better.”
I could almost see the smile spreading across his face. “Wow, really? I have to work tomorrow, otherwise I’d just stay home with him,” he paused. “I work for a construction company and we have this major deadline coming up. My boss already called me tonight to make sure I was still coming in. Most of the guys on this job are sick and he’s frantic.”
“If you promise to be nice to me, I might ask her to watch him.”
Bryce laughed wickedly. “Really? Well, I can be extremely nice if it gets me what I want.”
I groaned. “You’re such a…man.”
“You didn’t notice before?”
“Believe me…everyone notices.”
“Well, I wouldn’t know about that.”
“Do you have a girlfriend?” I blurted. I’m not sure where it came from but I was dying to know.
He paused then said, “No, not at the moment.”
I was glad he couldn’t see my face, because it was burning. I couldn’t believe I’d asked him like that, out of the blue. Like a little schoolgirl.
“You still there?” he asked softly.
I took a deep breath, “Um…yeah. So…your brother, does he have any allergies?” 
“No…but I suppose I should mention that he has Down’s Syndrome. He’s a great kid; really friendly and gets along with everyone. But, obviously he needs special attention sometimes.”
“My mom’s great with children. She’ll take really good care of him.”
“Okay, if you could talk to her and let me know. I’d really appreciate it.”
“I’ll call you right back.”
“Thanks, Cassie.”
I hung up and talked it over with my mom, leaving out the fact that Bryce was gorgeous and my heart raced every time he came near me. She agreed to talk to him and work out the details. I called him back and told him the good news.
“Thanks, I’m so relieved,” he said. “You’re such a lifesaver! I was going crazy, trying to figure out what to do with my little brother. My mom’s so sick that I’m probably going to have to find time to bring her into the clinic tomorrow as well.”
“Well, maybe she’ll be better by tomorrow and you won’t have to. Listen, my mom’s going to be calling you soon, so I’d better let you go.”
“Okay. Thanks again.”
“Glad I could help.”
It was the first time ever that I was happy that my mom was a daycare provider. Now I would definitely get to see Bryce again.
 

Chapter Eight





I learned that Bryce would be dropping off his brother Bobby around seven o’clock, so I made sure to be up and dressed. I threw on a pair of jeans, a new coral tank top, and some lip gloss. 
My mom looked at me curiously when I walked out of my bedroom. “Wow, you’re up early. It’s only seven o’clock, you know, in the morning.”
I shrugged. “I know.”
There was a soft knock on the door and I rushed down the stairs to answer it. Bryce stood outside, holding the hand of a little boy with similar features. Both of them had damp hair, blue jeans, and matching white polo shirts. Bobby was grinning from ear to ear. He held his hand out to me.
“Hi, I’m Bobby!” he said. “I brought my backpack!”
“Hi,” I answered, shaking his hand. 
My mom kneeled next to Bobby. ”Hi, Bobby! My name is Kris. Are you ready to have a super fun day?”
His eyes sparkled. “Yes. Bryce said I was going to have lots of fun today.”
She smiled warmly. “Well, he was right!”   
“Okay, Bryce, you can go now,” Bobby waved to his big brother.
Bryce chuckled. “Hold on, Buddy. I have to talk to Kris and Cassie here before you kick me out just yet.”
“Okay, Bryce,” he answered.
Bryce held out his hand to my mother. “Hi, I’m Bryce.”
“Nice to meet you, I’m Kris,” she answered, shaking it. “Do you have a few minutes to fill out some paperwork and go over a couple of things before you leave? Cassie can show Bobby around.”
He flashed one of his dimpled smiles and I melted, again. “Certainly.”
I showed Bobby around the house and then spent a few minutes in the toy area with him. He was giddy and jumped from toy to toy.
“Wow, I love your toys!” he announced.
I smiled. “They’re pretty neat, aren’t they?”
“Bobby,” my mom said, entering the toy area with Bryce. “Your brother has to leave for work now.”
Bobby jumped up from the floor, ran over to his brother, and threw his arms around him. “I love you, Bryce.”
Bryce held him tightly. “I love you, too, big guy. Be a good boy today, okay?”
Bobby stood back and crossed his heart. “Cross my heart,” he said solemnly.
“Thank you again, Mrs. Wild,” Bryce said turning to my mother. “You’re a lifesaver.”
“No problem. I’m glad I could help out. It was very nice meeting you.”
“Nice meeting you as well. Well, I’d better go. You both have my number if you need anything,” he said.
I nodded and told my mom I’d walk Bryce to the door. When we approached the entryway and before I could react, he pulled me into his arms and hugged me. “Thanks, Cassie,” he whispered into my ear. The heat of his breath made me tremble all over.
“Um, you’re welcome,” I answered breathlessly. My heart convulsed in my chest as he released me and I longed to feel his arms wrapped around me again. 
He cleared his throat. “Wow, I’m sorry…” 
“Why?”
The next thing I knew he turned around and was gone. A trace of his cologne lingered in the air and I closed my eyes, thinking of how exhilarating it had felt to be in his arms. 
“Ahem,” my mother said. She stood at the top of the stairs, her hands folded across her chest. 
“What?” 
She arched an eyebrow. “He’s certainly a very good-looking young man.”
I shrugged. “So?”
“He’s a little old for you, so forget about whatever it is you’re daydreaming about.”
I snorted. “Whatever, mom…we’re just friends.”
“Okay. I’m just saying…” she said, her eyes searching mine.
I was about to respond when Megan and her mother, Sara, walked through the door. Sara appeared disheveled and upset. My mother noticed it as well and asked me to show Megan our new guest.
Megan took off her shoes, hugged her mother, and then followed me into the toy area. When she saw Bobby, she stopped and her eyes opened wide. 
“Hi,” Bobby said, grinning broadly at Megan. He was sitting on the ground and playing with Legos.
She was bashful and held firmly onto my leg. “Hi,” she answered softly. I grabbed her hand and sat down on the floor with both of them. Soon they were building something with Legos together and I was able to break free to find out what was going on in the other room.
“You can lie down in the guest room,” my mother was murmuring in the hallway. “You must be exhausted.”
“Yes, I am a little, thank you,” she replied, following my mom to our extra bedroom, which was next to mine. 
When my mother returned alone, she appeared troubled. “Sara and Megan will be staying with us for a few days,” she said.
“Why?”
Mom sighed. “Her husband is very sick and demanded that she take Megan and stay somewhere else until he gets better. He’s terrified of her getting the flu and having complications with the baby. I guess the last time she was pregnant, with Megan, she ended up in the hospital with pneumonia. Anyway, he was so upset about her being at home that she finally agreed to stay at a hotel for a few days. When she told me that, I suggested that she stay here instead.”
“And she agreed?”
“Well, no…not at first. She didn’t want to impose, but I finally talked her into it.”
“Wow. Okay.”
Just then my dad shuffled into the kitchen, yawning. He poured himself a large bowl of cereal. “Good morning,” he said in a hoarse voice. 
“Okay, dad, you really need to quit with the late night video games. You look exhausted.”
He cleared his throat. “I couldn’t sleep last night and the cable wasn’t working. What else is there to do in the middle of the night?” 
“Oh I don’t know…read a book? Rub the bunions on mom’s feet?”
Dad grimaced. “I don’t know which sounds scarier,” he answered.
“Ha ha…very funny, you guys. My bunions just might be too sore to make dinner tonight,” she said dryly.
My dad laughed and put his arm around her. “Just messing with you, honey. You know I’d rub your bunions or warts anytime.”
She elbowed him in the ribs playfully.
“By the way,” said my dad, “I won’t be home until late this evening. I’m working until close and then I’m taking one of the guys out for dinner after. He’s leaving the dealership and all of my coworkers were going to have a ‘going away party’ for him, but of course everyone’s got the damn flu. So, it’s just us two guys.” He looked at my mom. “Would you want to meet us at the restaurant? Or I can bring you back some wings tonight if you’d like?” 
My mom craves Buffalo wings almost as much as I do pickles. This time she stunned us both. She shook her head. 
“No thanks on both counts. I really should stay home tonight. I’ve got some laundry and cleaning to do. As far as the wings go,” she said, touching her stomach. “I’m really trying to be good. I’ve got to start changing my diet; those things are just loaded with cholesterol.”
My dad and I looked at each other. We both knew she’d change her mind before the end of the night. She’d be texting and reminding him to bring them home until he pulled into the driveway. 
 “Well, if you change your mind, just let me know and I’ll bring you some tonight,” he replied, biting back a smile.
She shrugged and then began telling him about our new houseguests. I wasn’t sure how my dad was going to react to that little tidbit of news, so I left them and went to my room, where I collapsed onto my bed. It was still early, and there was no school, so I closed my eyes, counting the minutes until I’d get to see Bryce again. Eventually I fell into a dreamless asleep.

~~~

It was just after ten when I finally crawled back out of bed. I was hungry, so I made a ham and pickle sandwich, turned on the television, and found that the cable still wasn’t working. Frustrated and bored, I decided to rearrange my bedroom. After an hour of moving heavy furniture around, I stood back only to realize that everything had worked better in their original positions. Defeated, I gave up and sent a text to Nora, to see how she was doing. Unfortunately, she didn’t respond, so then I sent one to Scott, who didn’t get back to me either. I knew there wasn’t much I could do to help find her father, but then I started wondering if I should just drive to her house and offer a little moral support.
“Cassie,” my mother said, interrupting my thoughts. “Bryce called. He’s going to try and bring his mother to the clinic tonight when he finishes work. So, Bobby might be spending the night with us.”
“Oh,” I answered, a little disheartened that I probably wouldn’t be seeing Bryce tonight.
Looking pensive, she strolled over to the bay window in our kitchen and stared out. I knew that something else was bothering her.
“What’s wrong?” I asked her.
She turned around and folded her arms across her chest. “Well, Bryce was kind of concerned when I spoke to him. He claimed that a buddy of his, who’s a radio dispatcher with the Wolf Creek Police Department, gave him some alarming information. I guess there’ve been several reports of violence in town and they’re urging people to stay inside; lock their doors.”
I frowned. “Wow, that’s…scary.”
She sat down by the kitchen counter. “Tell me about it,” she answered, tapping her fingernails against the counter, absently.
My stomach clenched; Allie! I grabbed my cell phone. “Mom, I’m going to call Allie and make sure she’s okay.”
She grew pale. “Oh, God, I forgot she wasn’t home! Good thinking, honey. I better call your father, too, and see if he’s heard anything.”
Allie was oblivious to everything going on in the outside world when I called her. 
“We’re swimming and Kristie’s going to make us a pizza later. She said she’ll bring me home sometime tonight.”
I sighed. “Okay. The cable is out here so if you hear something about rioting or violence, let me know right away. Make sure you tell Kristie about it, too,” I told her.
“Yeah…well the cable’s not working here either. In fact, the radio stations are down as well. There’s nothing but static.”
 “Okay, now that’s really weird.” 
“Tell me about it,” Allie replied and then began shrieking with laughter. “Kylie! Oh, my God…you are so bumming! She’s going to…hey, Cass, I have to go. Kylie just pushed her mom into the pool!” Click.
Leave it to Allie; nothing outside of her world bothers her.
“Great! I can’t get a hold of your father,” my mom announced shrilly. “I sent him a few texts and even left him a voicemail.”
“Calm down, mom! I’m sure he’s with a customer. You’re worrying too much.”
She sat down and rubbed her forehead. “You’re probably right.” 
“Did you call the main business line?”
“Oh, I didn’t even think about that!” She picked up her phone again and dialed. I watched her frown and then leave a message.
“Mom, if everyone has the flu, there’s probably nobody available to answer the main lines either.”
She nodded in agreement, but I could tell her mind was still racing. She was one of the most paranoid people I knew.
Sara walked into the kitchen, looking bewildered. “You’re not going to believe this, but something seriously BIG is going on!” she exclaimed, then dramatically lowered her voice, as if somebody was listening in. “A friend of mine from the military just sent me a text. They’re issuing a nationwide emergency warning. He wouldn’t get into details, although I’m betting on some kind of terrorism. Anyway, everyone is supposed to stay indoors. They’re even sending out military forces everywhere to limit travel.”
My mom’s mouth dropped open. “What? How can they keep everyone in the nation from leaving their homes or driving anywhere? That’s ridiculous.”  
Just then someone rang the doorbell.
We all stared at each other.
“I suppose one of us should answer that. I’ll be right back,” said my mom.
Sara and I followed her to the door.
“Good afternoon, ma’am,” said the friendly young soldier standing outside. He was dressed in full military garb with a 9MM handgun holstered on his side. 
“Um, hello,” replied my mother, crossing her arms in front of her chest. “What can I do for you?”
He noticed me and Sara, with her pregnant belly and smiled apologetically. “My name is Lieutenant Austin Smith and I’m really sorry to bother y’all. I’m not sure if you’ve heard, but there have been some disturbance in town and we’re securing all of the neighborhoods now to make sure there are no further issues.”
“Oh, well we’re fine here,” my mother replied. Her eyes narrowed. “What sort of violence are we talking about?”
The soldier cleared his throat. “Nothing too major, I reckon, a few squabbles, some vandalism.”
“Who was it?” I blurted out. 
He shot a fleeting glance up and down my body, then his brown eyes met mine. His smile made me blush; I crossed my arms across my chest.
 “I’m really not sure who they are or why, if that’s your next question. My platoon’s duties are to scout surrounding neighborhoods and advise everyone to stay indoors for the next twenty-four hours.”
“What about people who are working or traveling? My husband’s at work and my youngest daughter isn’t home from her girlfriend’s yet,” complained my mother.
He gave her a reassuring smile. “They’ll certainly be allowed to return home, we’re just advising folks from venturing out of the safety of their homes until we have everything under control. We have some roadblocks in place but will definitely allow people to go home if that’s where they belong.”
“Sounds a little extreme, doesn’t it?” asked Sara. 
“Believe me, Miss, it’s for the safety of the public. We’ll let y’all know when it’s safe to leave your homes.” His radio went off and he stepped away to respond to it.
“This is too weird,” Sara whispered. “I don’t like it. They’re being vague but basically ordering us not to go anywhere. They can’t expect people to just stop their lives and hide out at home without giving us more information.”
My mom was about to respond when the soldier returned. 
“Well,” he said, this time looking rushed. “I’ve got to keep making my rounds. Just remember, ladies, stay in and lock your doors. If someone besides a military official visits your property, don’t interact with them. We’ll be monitoring the neighborhood pretty thoroughly, so there shouldn’t be problems. Just heed the advice and everyone should be fine.”
“Okay, thanks. Just let us know when the curfew you’ve forced upon us has been lifted,” I said, unable to hide my sarcasm.
We stared at each other a minute, then he smiled. “Y’all have a nice day.”
I let out an exasperated sigh when he left.
“You are such a smartass,” my mom said.
“What?” I asked with a cocky grin. 
“You know, I don’t like the way he was checking you out,” she stated. “Between him and Bryce, I’m going to have to watch you like a hawk.”
I snickered and shook my head.
Sara sighed. “I wonder if I should leave and check on Kevin.”
“You heard what the officer said, you can’t leave. It might not be safe,” replied my mom.
She shook her head. “That’s crap. They can’t keep me from seeing my husband.”
“Have you talked to him?” asked my mom.
“We spoke earlier. I better call him and see how he’s doing.” She grabbed her cell phone out of her pocket and walked away.
“I’d better check on the kids,” said mom.
I ran upstairs to my room and took out my cell phone. I hadn’t communicated with Bryce since this morning, so I decided to send him a text.
Hi Bryce-how are you?
Hello Wild, I was just thinking about you.
Oh? I smiled, laying my head against my pillow. 
Yes-you guys doing okay?
I sighed and typed. Yes, military stopped by to say we can’t leave.
Yes, I heard about that, he typed. My aunt is caring for mom. She’s going to bring her to clinic. I’ll be at your house for Bobby ASAP.
They might not let you through!
They won’t have a choice.
Lol…okay, see you tonight!
Count on it.
 

Chapter Nine



Sara was able to reach Kevin and he was still feeling miserable. He’d also been approached by a military official and they promised to send out someone from their medical staff to check on him before nightfall.
Mom spent the rest of the afternoon calling our family and friends as well as trying to reach dad, who was still M.I.A. She also spoke with Kylie’s mom, Kristie, and they both agreed that it was much safer for everyone to stay put. Allie would be sleeping over another night.
Around six o’clock, I volunteered to grill hamburgers on the deck. As I stepped onto the balcony, I noticed several soldiers stationed throughout the neighborhood, some carrying automatic rifles. One of the soldiers, presumably the cowboy at our door earlier, waved at me while I flipped the patties, but I played ignorant.
 “I’m sorry, I just can’t think about food right now,” complained my mother, pushing away her dinner plate. She put her head in her hands and sighed wearily. “Your father still hasn’t responded to any of my calls or texts; I’m seriously getting worried. This is unusual, even for him.”
I stood up and started clearing away the dishes from the table. “I’m sure he’s fine, mom. There could be a dozen reasons that he hasn’t called back yet. Maybe his cell phone died, or he left it in the car? Just…quit worrying so much.”
She raised her head and let out a deep sigh. “I hope you’re right, honey.”
I put a hand on her shoulder. “Why don’t you just go and lie down for a while? You’ve been pacing around all day, upsetting yourself. I’ll come and get you if there’s any news”.
“Maybe you’re right,” she said, rising from the table. “Just for a little while. Keep an eye on Bobby, will you?”
I nodded. “In fact, I’ll go check on him right now. He was playing dolls with Megan just a little while ago.”
Mom went to her bedroom and I found Bobby with Sara and Megan. They were finishing a board game. I sat down and watched as Bobby won.
“I won!” yelled Bobby as he pumped his fist. “Yes!”
Sara smiled at him then looked up at the clock. “Megan, it’s time for a bath.”
“Sara, do you know where the towels are?” I asked, standing up.
She nodded. “Your mom showed me earlier.”
Megan was pretty excited to be taking a bath at “Daycare” and I could hear her chatting about it all the way up the stairs. 
“I feel like watching a movie. Do you want to watch Peter Pan with me?” I asked, settling myself next to Bobby on the couch.
“That’s my favorite movie!” he announced.
“Hey, I thought you said your favorite movie was Beauty and the Beast?”
“That’s my favorite, too,” he replied.
I smiled at him and ruffled his soft brown hair.
“Where’s Bryce?” he asked.
I looked at my watch, it was almost eight o’clock. “I think he’s still working. He’ll be coming soon to take you home, don’t worry.”
Bobby’s face turned grim and he looked at his hands. “I don’t want to leave. I wish Bryce and I could stay here forever.”
“Oh, really? Don’t you want to go home and see your mom? You must miss her. I’m sure she misses you.”
He smiled sadly. “No. She only likes her juice.”
“Her…juice?” I asked, puzzled.
Bobby nodded. “Yes. Her brown juice. It smells yucky,” he said pinching his nose. ”I don’t like it when she drinks it. She says mean things.”
I placed his hand in mine and took a deep breath. “Has she ever hurt you when she’s been drinking her juice?”
He shook his head firmly. “No, not anymore. Bryce made her stop. He loves me the most.” 
I reached over and gave him a hug. When I finally let go, he gave me a lopsided grin. “You’re nice. I wish you were my mom.”
“I’m a little young to be your mom, but, you want to know a secret?”
He nodded.
I whispered into his ear. “If you were my son, I’d love you the most.” 
His face broke out in a huge grin and my heart ached at the thought of anyone being intentionally cruel to such a sweet kid. 
I stood up to put the movie in the DVD player. “Bobby, do you want some popcorn?” I asked.
“Popcorn is my favorite!” he shouted.

~~~

Bobby fell asleep during the movie, sometime after nine o’clock. I covered him up with a warm fleece blanket and went upstairs to find that I was the only one still awake. I also was having a hard time trying to keep my eyes open.
 I yawned and shuffled into the kitchen for a drink of water. As I raised the glass to my lips, something in the window caught my eye. I leaned forward for a better glimpse and saw sporadic flashes lighting up the night. Puzzled, I flipped off the kitchen light and rushed over to the dining room balcony to step outside. Just as I slid the door open, I heard gunfire. Terrified, I slumped down on the ground.
“You hear that too?” whispered Sara next to my ear.
“Jesus,” I gasped. “Don’t ever sneak up on me again!” 
“Sorry,” she said. “I was in the bedroom when I heard the shots.”
“I’m calling nine-one-one,” I stated, pulling out my phone. I quickly dialed and was put on hold for few minutes before the line went dead.
“Let me try,” said Sara, pulling out her phone. After a few seconds, she hung up. “This is crazy. The line is temporarily out of service. It’s nine-one-one! How does that even happen?”
There was more gunfire, this time followed by loud screams.
“Oh, my God!” gasped Sara, frantically closing and locking the door. 
“Did…did someone just get shot?” I asked her in horror.  
She touched my shoulder and nodded. “I think so. Your dad, he has guns, right?”
“Yes,” I said, trembling. “Yes, in the gun safe.”
“Show me,” she said.
We hurried downstairs to the cellar and I opened my dad’s gun safe.
“Wow, he doesn’t mess around, does he? There’s got to be over twenty guns in here.” She pulled out a Smith and Wesson ten millimeter gun and nodded with approval. “This will do.”
“You know how to fire a gun?” I asked as she loaded it.
“Sure, I own a couple guns myself. I’m in the Reserves; you didn’t know?”
I shook my head. “No, I didn’t. Nobody ever told me.”
“Well, now you do. Your mom’s mentioned that you can shoot. Maybe you should be armed, too, just in case. Pick one out and follow me.”
I grabbed my dad’s ten millimeter Colt Delta and some ammunition. 
“What’s going on?” asked my mom in a strangled voice. She stood on the stairs with terror in her eyes. 
“Mom, we heard some gunfire and screaming outside.”
“What?” she cried and raced up the stairs.
I scrambled up the steps after her and crouched next to her by the family room window. She slid her hand between the blinds and tugged the window open.
“It looks pretty deserted out there,” I whispered. “I wonder what happened to all of those soldiers who were supposed to be helping us?”
She held up her hand to silence me. “Do you hear that?” she whispered. 
My heart stopped as I heard the faint sound of a man moaning for help.

 
Chapter Ten


The front door slammed shut and we both jumped.
“Sara,” I pointed out the window as our pregnant houseguest bolted away from the safety of the house, her white maternity shirt a beacon in the darkness.
“What is she thinking? It’s not safe!” protested my mother. 
I felt a sudden surge of fear and adrenaline. I stood up and raced after Sara, determined to keep Megan’s mom and her unborn child safe. 
“Cassie!” my mother shrieked. She bolted down the stairs after me and grabbed my arm before I could make it out the door. “Where in the hell do you think you’re going?!”
I tried pulling away. “Mom, Sara may need help! You have to let me go.”
She shook her head vehemently. “I don’t think so! Give the gun to me, I’ll go after her.” 
“You don’t know how to use this thing. You won’t be able to help her!” I hollered.
Her hazel eyes hardened. “Bull crap. You give it to me, young lady. Now!”
Frustrated, but unable to defy my mother, I reluctantly handed her the gun. 
“Okay, now stay away from the door and windows. I don’t want you to get shot if there are stray bullets.” 
I groaned. “Mom…”
“I’m serious,” she said, shaking her index finger at me before she raced out the door.  
This is nuts, I thought. I felt like pulling my hair out. I was not only terrified for my mom, but also for the kids sound asleep in the house; which, reminded me.
 I ran back upstairs to the guestroom, where Megan was still sleeping peacefully. I checked the window to make sure it was secure, then hesitantly snuck back out. 
Next, I scurried back downstairs to find Bobby still sleeping on the couch. He looked so peaceful. I sighed at his innocence and then thought of his brother, who should have arrived by now. I pulled out my phone and tried calling Bryce but he didn’t answer. Neither did he respond to a text.
Bryce, where are you? I wondered, trying to stay calm. And where in the heck was my dad? 
I went back down to the cellar and grabbed my dad’s new Beretta, which he’d been so proud of. It was a nine millimeter and held seventeen rounds. Perfect.
“Cassie!” hollered my mom from the upstairs landing. “Grab the first-aid kit, quickly!”
I sighed with relief, then grabbed the kit from the laundry room and rushed back up the stairs. I skidded to a halt at the hellish nightmare before me; Sara sat on the steps trying to use her phone, tears streaming down her cheeks, while my mother knelt on the floor, pressing a bloodied towel over a young soldier’s shoulder. His face was pale and he was choking on some of his own blood.
“Just breathe slowly,” murmured my mother. 
The soldier looked up at me and I recognized him, it was Austin. He tried to say something, but his face contorted in agony and he clamped his eyes shut.
“What…what happened to him?” I whispered in horror.
She shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know. He was like this when we found him. Hand me the first-aid kit.”
“Where is everyone?!” sobbed Sara, throwing her phone down. “Nobody is answering the damn phones, all of those soldiers from earlier…just disappeared?!” 
“Okay, calm down, Sara. Everything’s going to be okay. We’ll get through this, somehow,” said my mom as she opened a bottle of iodine. She poured some on her hands.
“What’s that for?” I asked.
“It kills bacteria,” she replied. She then put on some plastic gloves. 
When my mom lifted up the towel from the soldier, I almost threw up. His flesh was mangled with blood oozing out of the wound.  
“Oh, God,” Sara whispered covering her mouth. The next thing I know she was running up the stairs gagging.
Mom examined the wound and shook her head. “This isn’t working. It’s too deep. We have to get him to the hospital. He’ll never survive if we don’t do it right now.” She poured some iodine on the wound and the solider moaned.
“Sorry,” she said.
“I’ll go,” I stated. “I’ll take him to the hospital.”
“No, I’ve already decided. I’m doing it,” argued my mother.
“Well, then I’m coming with,” I said defiantly.
“No. I’m going by myself, and that’s final. You stay here with Sara and the kids. Lock the doors, keep the guns loaded, and watch for your father or Bryce.”
It was pointless to argue with her. I sighed. “Okay, fine, I’ll help you get him into the SUV.”
My mom had somehow managed to stop most of the bleeding with gauze and bandages. The weakened soldier had passed out while she was tending to his wound, which made it much more difficult for us to carry him through the garage and into the backseat of the SUV.
“Now,” my mom said, breathing heavily after getting him secured. “I’m going to find help for all of us. If you’re dad comes back, have him call me immediately.”
I nodded. “Okay.”
She stared at me with a terrified look in her eyes and then pulled me into her arms. “You be careful, Cassie. I don’t understand what’s going on. Just stay inside and be...strong.”
I swallowed back my tears and nodded.
Mom pulled away and brushed a strand of hair from my cheek. “And…check on Allie again. Make sure your little sister’s safe, too.”
“I promise. I’ll do it right away.”
She grabbed one of the guns and shoved it into her purse. Taking a deep breath she said, “Okay, I’ll be back.”
I tried to remain calm as I watched my mom open the garage and leave in the SUV, but I was terrified. I had no idea what was going on outside or in town, whether it was random violence, terrorism, or something even worse. I felt like I was in a nightmare. I closed the garage door.
“Um, Cassie?” 
“What?” I asked, turning around. I felt like throwing up.
Sara held up my mother’s cell phone, her face pale. “Isn’t this your mom’s?”

 
Chapter Eleven



I called my sister’s cell phone, but she wasn’t answering. It was after eleven and I figured she might have fallen asleep, but I didn’t want to take any chances so I called Paige, too. When she didn’t respond, my stomach contracted like a tight fist.
Sara squeezed my shoulder; she knew I was on the verge of losing it. “They might all be asleep by now.” 
“I hope so,” I replied in a strained voice.
“Or it might be possible that they don’t have their cell phones nearby. Does Paige’s mom have a landline?”
I wasn’t sure. I ran downstairs to find the phonebook, as I began flipping through the pages, the power went out in the house. 
Crap!
“Cassie!” called Sara from upstairs. “Do you have a flashlight?”
I used the lights from my cell phone to find my way back up into the kitchen where I knew my mom kept a flashlight and candles. 
“Thank God my mom is a candle fanatic,” I said, placing lit candles of all shapes and sizes throughout the house.
“Did you hear that?” Sara whispered.
I froze. “What?” 
 She grabbed her gun and hurried over to the balcony door. “I’m going to sneak on the deck, see if someone’s out there. I thought I heard voices.”
I felt a prickling sensation go up my spine. “Be careful.” We didn’t have steps leading from the deck, but that didn’t mean someone couldn’t somehow climb up from below. It was heavily wooded behind the house, a great place for someone to hide.
She crawled out on her hands and knees and peered through the slats. 
“Do you hear or see anything?” I whispered loudly as she looked over the side of the wooden railing.
She held up her hand to silence me.
A loud scream ripped through the darkness, startling both of us. Sara gasped and scurried back inside. Her face was a mask of terror.
“Who was that?!”
“I don’t know,” she said in a strangled voice.
“Did you see anything at all?”
She shook her head. “It’s too dark out there.”
There was another terrifying scream, this time much closer to the house. It sounded female. 
Sara took a deep breath. “Okay, I’m going to check it out. Stay here, I’ll be back.” Before I could respond, she rushed down the steps to the front door.
I picked up the Beretta and hustled after her.
“What are you doing? Stay here,” she demanded, slipping on her shoes.
“No, I’m coming with you. You might need my help.”
Sara sighed. “Fine, but you do exactly what I tell you to do and stay close.”
I nodded and she opened the door. As we stepped outside, I could hear faint cries somewhere on the other side of the cul-de-sac, behind one of the houses. Strangely, Charlie wasn’t outside barking his head off.
“This way,” said Sara as she rushed across the street, heading towards the Hendrickson’s dark rambler.
I froze in my tracks; it was starting to feel a lot like déjà vu. My palms grew clammy as I tried to find the courage to keep moving.
Sara turned around and waved her hand frantically. “Come on,” she whispered loudly.
 I swallowed the lump in my throat and hurried across as she started moving again. She was really fast for being pregnant, which I contributed to her military training. I thought I was in fairly good shape but I struggled to keep up with her.
We went around the Hendrickson’s fence to the next yard over and paused behind a small wooden shed.
Sara’s eyes widened with alarm. “Over there,” she pointed through the darkness. 
I could barely make out the three figures, but it looked like a woman and two soldiers. The three were less than a hundred feet away. She was crying hysterically and appeared to be running from the men.
I turned to Sara in shock. “This seem wrong to you? They’re supposed to be the good guys.”
“Something’s definitely wrong,” muttered Sara, unconsciously rubbing a hand over swollen belly. 
We slipped through the trees towards the men, who were focused fully on the desperate woman. The soldiers were staggering, as if they were wounded and the distance began to widen between the woman and her pursuers. As we inched our way closer to the soldiers, I gawked in disbelief.
“Oh, God,” I whispered.
The two soldiers looked like something out of a horror movie. Their clothing was torn, they were filthy, bloody, and missing some very important body parts; one man an arm, the other a hand and part of his face. But they were still moving, and fairly quickly for being so injured.
How? I wondered incredulously.
The taller of the two must have somehow sensed something, because he stopped and turned towards us. Then he opened what was left of his pitted face and made a screeching noise, one that chilled me to the bone.
I swallowed. “Um…Sara?”
The other one whipped its head around and growled. 
“Get your gun ready,” demanded Sara.
Suddenly the two hideous men charged towards us and I gave a startled gasp.
Sara raised her pistol. “Stop, right there!” she yelled. “Don’t come any closer!”
They ignored her and kept stumbling towards us. 
“Cassie, shoot them if you have to,” she said.
As they moved closer, I felt as if I was losing my mind. Blood dripped from open wounds on the soldier’s skin, their eyes were red and unfocused, and their mouths…they seemed to be almost salivating.
Sara’s lips curled in disgust. “God, they stink.” 
The taller one lurched towards Sara and her gun went off. Blood and brain matter sprayed everywhere as he dropped to his knees, falling on what was left of his dreadful face.
“Watch out, Cassie!” yelled Sara.
The second man was almost upon me. I raised my trembling hand and fired, hitting him in the shoulder. He paused for only a second and then charged at me again. I fired a second bullet, this time taking out his ear.
“Damn it!” I cried. I’d never had to shoot anything but inanimate objects before.
Sara shot him in the leg. He grunted and then fell to the ground. 
“Stay back, Cassie,” she demanded, inching slowly towards him.
His face was grayish in color and mottled with weird patches. Something green bubbled out of his nose and I had this sudden urge to find him a tissue.
“What happened to him?” I asked, staring with fascinated horror. 
She shook her head. “I don’t know. I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
He growled and reached out towards Sara with his one good arm, the other one just a stump of flesh.
The sound of branches snapping made us jump and the woman the soldiers had been chasing stepped out of the darkness. Her eyes were filled with hate. “Kill that bastard! He killed my Paul and he’ll kill you both if you let him live! He’s…he’s not human, he’s a monster!”
Before anyone could react, the man grabbed Sara’s ankle. She screamed and shot him in the head. 
The woman sighed in relief. “We’ve got to leave and go somewhere safe.” Her voice quivered when she spoke and her eyes darted around the trees. She was about my mother’s age, dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt, which were both ripped and dirty. There was some dried blood on the side of her face and matted into her short, brown hair.
“Are you hurt?” asked Sara, pointing to her face.
The lady shook her head and then touched the side of her face. Tears welled up in her eyes. “It’s my husband’s blood,” she replied bitterly. “They attacked us and killed him.”
Sara’s eyes widened. “Okay, let’s get back to the house. We’ve got to make sure the kids are okay, and try getting ahold of the police again.”
I’d forgotten about Megan and Bobby! We’d left them all alone in the house. 
I took one last glimpse of the dead men as we started walking back towards the house and felt a pang of shame. They were U.S. soldiers and they looked like they’d lost a war, only they’d been fighting for the wrong side.
“Those couldn’t have been soldiers,” Sara said, brushing a dark strand of hair away from her face. “It just doesn’t make sense.”
“They weren’t soldiers…anymore, they weren’t even human. They were some kind of…demons,” replied the distraught woman.
“They certainly looked like something from hell,” I said.
“Maybe they were criminals; dressed as soldiers,” said Sara.
The woman shook her head. “No. They attacked us, like violent animals. The taller soldier ripped...oh, God!” she cried, covering her face. “He ripped out Paul’s neck, with his teeth!”
Sara put an arm around the woman’s shoulders. “Don’t worry. You’re safe now. We’ll help you.”
She nodded and wiped the tears from her face. “We’d better hurry. There are more of those things around. It’s not safe.”
There’s more? The thought of there being more insane soldiers wandering around in the dark chilled me to the bone. I tightened my grip on the gun.
As we hurried across the cul-de-sac, it was eerily quiet, no sounds but the echo of our feet across the pavement. 
“How can anyone sleep through the commotion back there?” muttered Sara shaking her head in disbelief.
I looked around and noticed the power was still out in the entire neighborhood, finding it odd that not one person had stepped out of their homes to see what was going on. Not even with the gunfire. 
We entered the house and checked on the children; thankfully they were both still sleeping soundly. 
“Thank God they’re safe,” said Sara. 
“I’ll be right back,” I said, going to the bathroom to wash my hands, which suddenly felt dirty. I stared in horror at my fingers; one of my new French tip nails was completely cracked! 
Are you kidding me?! 
I was so angry. The one and only time I get a professional manicure and I’m caught up in some crazy shit that ruins the beauty of my nails. I glared at the cracked nail and cut off the tip. 
Still disgusted, I went down to the cellar where Sara and the stranger were. 
“What’s your name?” Sara asked the woman, who was staring off into space.
The woman released a shaky breath. “Hannah,” she replied thickly. 
“So, do you mind starting from the beginning and tell us what happened? I think we need to know, especially since I’ve killed the two men who were after you.”
Hannah nodded and then sat down on the steps. She cleared her throat. “Well, we were busy at work, Paul and I. We own a liquor store on Main Street, The Liquor Depot? Anyway, that’s where we first encountered one of those…monsters.”
Sara frowned. “You saw more of them in town?”
“Yes, earlier in the evening. They weren’t soldiers, either. Just regular ol’ people,” she shrugged, “Or they used to be people. Anyway, the store is normally busy, no matter what hour it is, but the past couple of days, there haven’t been many customers. The flu, you know? It’s hurt our business too, if you can believe it.”
Her voice was getting hoarse, so I offered her a bottle of water. 
“Thanks,” she said. “Anyway, I was leaving the backroom of the store when I heard Paul yelling at someone by the register, so I hurried to the front, to see what was going on. Well, it was one of those…freaks and it was making these weird garbled noises, and trying to grab on to Paul’s arm. From the back, I thought it was just some angry fellow, so I hollered at him to leave the store,” she sighed. “But instead of leaving, he turned around and tried attacking me! Thank goodness Paul was there…oh Paul!” she cried bitterly.
Sara handed her a tissue and squeezed her shoulder. 
“I’m sorry. It’s just the thought of never seeing him again, you know?” she sniffled.
We both nodded. Sara handed her more tissues.
“Anyway, Paul grabbed the thing before it got too close, and it bit him in the shoulder!”
“You keep calling it a thing. What do you mean? Are you sure it wasn’t just some crazy lunatic?” asked Sara.
Hannah snorted. “I wish it was. No…this thing’s eyes weren’t…normal. Something was wrong with the pupils. And its skin looked grayish-white, almost like skin when it’s decomposing. In fact,” she said, sitting up straighter. “That’s what these things remind me of…dead people.”
“Dead people…like zombies?” I whispered.
“Exactly like that! You know, my father owned a funeral home back in the seventies. Once I snuck down to the basement and saw a couple dead bodies,” she shuddered. “Yep, that’s what those things reminded me of tonight; dead people walking around, without their souls.”
I’m not sure why, but I believed her. From Sara’s expression though, she wasn’t convinced.
“What happened after your husband was bit?” asked Sara.
Hannah sighed. “Well, Paul smacked it on its head, repeatedly, until it finally let go of his shoulder and fell to the ground. Then the damn thing got back up and rushed at Paul, growling at him.”
“Did you kill it?” I asked, my voice barely a whisper.
“Hell yes. I grabbed the gun behind the register and shot the thing in the head,” she declared proudly.
Sara and I looked at each other, not sure what to say.
“Did you call the police?” Sara asked.
“Well, we tried calling the sheriff, but the lines were busy. So, Paul called a buddy of his on the police force, Jim Nielson. Jim was around, amazingly. He said these things were attacking people all over town.”
I shuddered. “All over the entire town?” 
Hannah nodded. “Yes. And what’s even more disturbing is that the ones that turned into these….zombies, they were normal people just a few hours ago, people who live here in town.” 
Sara rubbed her forehead. “So, what you’re saying is that normal people are turning into zombies?”
Hannah’s eyes narrowed and they darted back and forth, looking at both of us. “First, let me ask you something. Did either of you get the flu vaccine?”
We both shook our heads.
Hannah released a sigh of relief. “Good, then I don’t need to worry about either of you turning.”
Sara frowned. “Turning? Hold on. You’re saying that the people who are turning into…zombies…are doing so because they received the flu vaccine?” she shook her head. “You can’t be serious.”
Hannah laughed bitterly. “I am as serious as a heart attack. I wish it weren’t true, that Paul was still…alive. But Jim, he told us everything, the entire ugly truth. The truth the government is desperately trying to conceal and now fix. They’ve even shut down most of the power to try and contain these things.”
“They’re responsible for the power being shut off?” asked Sara.
Hannah nodded. “Personally, I think someone high-up was already losing their mind when they approved ‘that call’”.
“Nothing makes sense,” mumbled Sara.
“What exactly are they trying to hide?” I asked breathlessly.
She touched my shoulder. “Right now, anyone who’s been vaccinated is doomed. They’ve all been issued a death warrant. Only it’s their soul that dies, their bodies live on.”
I expected to hear a clap of thunder after her terrifying revelation. Instead, Sara laughed out loud.
“That’s ridiculous! There’s no way the government would release a vaccine that would create millions of…zombies!”
“Well, that was our reaction when we heard the story. But you see, the newest vaccine was never tested thoroughly before it was released. The FDA actually never even approved the vaccine, but it was still released.”
“How can that be? The FDA would have had to have been involved in order for the drug to have been released.”
“Well, I’m not sure the specifics of what happened, dear. That’s just the story I heard, and after seeing some of these walking dead things, I believe Jim.”
“How could a drug cause a person to make decisions without a conscious soul?” I asked. 
“I don’t know. I’m just hoping those lost souls are with their maker,” replied Hannah softly, drawing a cross upon her chest.
This was too much for me to fathom. 
“How many more of these zombies did you run into tonight?” Sara asked.
“Well, after we got done talking to Jim, we closed up shop so we could high-tail it on home. We didn’t really believe Jim at the time, not until we saw the horror of what was happening around town.”
“What did you see?” I asked.
“Innocent people were getting attacked by these…zombies. Right on the streets! I felt like I was in some sort of scary motion picture. My mind wanted to believe that all these people were actors, that the blood and gore wasn’t real. That it was just a scene they were shooting for a movie.” Hannah’s eyes filled with tears. “But it was real.”
“How did you guys make it out of there?” Sara asked.
“We own a Dodge Ram,” she sniffed, “with a Hemi! I tell you that thing just plowed through those zombies. They didn’t even know what hit ‘em.”
I looked at Sara in horror, picturing the bodies getting hit by the truck.
“If you made it out of town, what happened to Paul?”
Hannah shook her head sadly. “There was a little girl, about ten years old. Only a couple blocks away from here. Well, she was running and some soldiers were chasing her. We had to stop. We could see that the little girl wasn’t a zombie, but the soldiers…they’d already changed.”
“Why would the government allow soldiers who received the vaccines to monitor everything?”
“I don’t think they know exactly who’s been vaccinated, even with the military. You can walk up to the local drug store and receive a vaccine. Anyway, the soldiers you killed tonight were the two chasing the girl. We hit them with our truck, and they were pretty messed up, you saw their missing limbs. But that didn’t stop them from coming back at us. The taller of the two is the one who got Paul. He was fast and strong. I couldn’t help my husband,” she said, the tears flooding all over again.
“What happened to the little girl?” I asked.
She shrugged, and wiped her eyes with the tissue. “I don’t really know. Hopefully she made it somewhere safe.”  
“What do we do now?” I asked Sara. 
Sara looked pale. She walked away, speechless. 
I felt like throwing up. The idea that my mother, sister, and father were in this nightmare, probably trying to survive, was horrifying. I didn’t know if I could believe this stranger. Were there real-live zombies combing the streets, looking for their next victim?
I turned to Hannah. “Um, what about the people who aren’t zombies? What happens if they get bit or hurt by one?”
Her eyes widened. “I don’t know, dear. I was too busy running for my life to find out.”

 
Chapter Twelve



I was overwhelmed and emotionally exhausted from everything that had happened. Needing a burst of caffeine, I walked into the kitchen to grab a can of soda and noticed that there was a message on my phone.
Bryce? I hadn’t allowed myself to think about him, it was just too painful to consider that he might be among the walking dead. I had no idea if he’d had the vaccine or his brother for that matter. It might be a good idea to keep a close eye on Bobby!
  I picked up my phone and sighed with relief, it was Allie. I quickly dialed into my voicemail but my happiness was quickly shattered. 
“Cassie,” whispered Allie, I could tell she was in tears. “Oh, my God…we need help! Dan is trying to…kill us.” Next, I heard her scream in terror and then the phone went dead. 
Horrified, I tried calling her back but there was no answer. Then I sent her several texts and waited. But she didn’t respond. I threw my phone down and started crying; I couldn’t bear the thought of anything happening to Allie. Dan must have turned into a zombie!
Then it hit me. I knew exactly what I had to do; save my little sister. 
Wiping away my tears, I stood up and grabbed my truck keys. There was no way I was going to sit back and allow her to be a victim to Dan or any other zombies. If she was still alive, I was going to find her.
Suspecting that Sara wouldn’t let me leave the safety of the house, I decided not to tell her of my plans. Instead, I grabbed a piece of paper and wrote her a note. I also asked her to keep a careful watch on Bobby. Finally, I added Paige’s address, just in case my mom or dad came home.
I went back down to the cellar and nonchalantly grabbed more ammunition near the gun safe. Sara didn’t even notice, she was too busy trying to console Hannah.
Yawning, I said, “I’m going to lie down for a little while.”
She looked at me and nodded. “Okay, Hannah and I are going to figure out what in the heck we’re going to do next.”
I said goodnight, then ran upstairs to grab the Berretta and my sectional staff, which is something I’d never used away from my karate class. It could inflict a lot of pain; if there was ever a time to use it, I knew it was now.
My truck was parked on the other side of the garage. With my heart hammering in my chest, I took a fearful breath and snuck outside, locking the door behind me. It was deathly quiet except for the sound of an old barn owl hooting somewhere in the distance. Thankfully, I was alone, nobody waiting for me in the shadows. I hopped into my truck and locked the doors. 
“Please start,” I begged my persnickety truck. And just like that, it started.
With a renewed surge of hope, I put it in gear, backed out of the driveway, and took off down the street, not putting on my headlights until I was far enough away from the house. 
As I drove through the neighboring streets, I’d half expected to see dead bodies, but instead was surprised by how calm everything was. No bodies, no walking dead, not even any neighbors coming or going, which really wasn’t that odd after midnight, although tonight, everything felt ominous.
I relaxed a little and turned on the radio, but there was still nothing but static. 
Should’ve brought my iPod, I thought.
About four blocks away, I noticed Hannah’s truck parked recklessly in the middle of the street. It was yellow with streaks of blood splashed across the bumper and hood. I drove around it cautiously, expecting to see her dead husband jumping out of it and coming for me. But thankfully, it was empty. 
As I neared the first major intersection, I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. I really didn’t think too much about it until I slowed down for the stop sign and a bushy-haired male zombie rushed my truck. It then crawled onto my hood while I watched, totally transfixed by its actions.
The zombie’s face contorted grotesquely and it let out a dreadful moan. I recoiled in horror as it stared hungrily at me with its insanely red eyes. He then pressed his mouth against the window and began licking the glass, as if it were trying to somehow taste me through it. The slimy residue its blackened tongue left behind was enough to make me gag as well as get me moving. I stomped my foot on the gas, thinking I might be able to shake him off, but my truck had other ideas; it gasped, sputtered and then stalled.
I locked eyes with the zombie, who seemed aware of what just happened. Its grayish lips curled up into a sneer, as if mocking me, which made me furious. I raised my middle finger and flipped him off, hoping he’d understand what that meant, too.
When that obviously didn’t get me anywhere, I restarted the engine, this time pressing much more gently on the gas. When the truck started moving I wanted to cheer, but the zombie was still holding onto the hood of my truck, putting a damper on my victory.
“Get off!” I screamed, but the zombie only stared at me with a cannibalistic yearning.
 I gave the pedal more gas and watched the speedometer go up, but the zombie still held tight, its brown hair blowing wildly in the wind.
Screw it. I pressed the gas to the floorboard, not too worried about oncoming traffic. This time I felt a surge of exhilaration as the zombie tumbled off the side of the hood and onto the pavement. I held my breath until I couldn’t see it in my rearview mirror and then let out a shaky sigh. I’d just survived round two against the zombies. 
I calmed myself down and continued on towards Paige’s, noting several abandoned vehicles on just about every road I took to get there. It was so surreal and I started feeling as if I was the lone survivor in a bad horror flick. Even though I was terrified, thoughts of my little sister kept pushing me forward. 
When I finally arrived at Hillshire Commons, the posh gated community where Paige lives, I noticed the security station was vacant and the entrance was open. I drove through it warily, searching the streets for zombies, not wanting any more leaping onto my truck. I held my breath for the entire four blocks, and heaved a sigh of relief when I made it up Paige’s cobblestone driveway without any obstacles.
The house appeared dark and ominous. My hands began to shake uncontrollably, imagining what I might possibly find inside. As I grabbed my truck keys out of the ignition, they slipped out of my quivering hands and fell onto the floor mat, so I bent down and picked them. When I sat back up, two pairs of red, bloodshot eyes stared at me through the window. I screamed in holy terror.
 

Chapter Thirteen




When I finally stopped screaming my head off, I took a deep breath and assessed the situation. Two zombies were feeling around the outside of my truck, trying desperately to get to me. They were hideous and hungry; they were also out there and I was still somewhat safe in my truck.
“Scat! Go away!” I hollered, raising my gun. 
One of them, an obese zombie wearing pajamas, cocked his head, staring at me like I was some kind of delectable appetizer. Blood coagulated from where his nose used to be and I shuddered in revulsion.
The other zombie was frothing at the mouth. She was a rail-thin, revolting creature who must have been taking a bath or something when she changed into a zombie. I could only presume this since she was stark naked, wearing only a plastic cap. This creature was growling and clawing frantically at my driver’s side window. She didn’t appear to be wounded, but she had the tell-tale zombie eyes, and her skin was gray and mottled.  
I knew my situation wasn’t good, so I decided to wait a few minutes, to see if the two zombies would lose interest and eventually wander off. But then the skinny female started beating on the window with her hands and I became paranoid about the window shattering. So I decided to try a different approach; I screamed at them, to see if they’d get confused and possibly leave me alone. It was a shot in the dark…that totally missed.
Both zombies froze and stared at me as I screamed with all my might. I thought I was doing good and kept screaming until the female let out a high-pitched screech that made my cries sound like whispers. Then, in horror, I realized her screech caught the attention of other zombies in the area who were now coming to join the party.  
Cursing, I moved to the passenger side of my truck and opened the door. 
The male zombie began slobbering on himself as he staggered around the truck towards me. I aimed my trembling right hand and shot him in the head. Rancid zombie brains colored the pavement. 
“Oh, God,” I shuddered, resisting the urge to vomit. I looked towards the female, who was also moving towards me. “Listen, you’re next if you come any further,” I warned her. 
She snarled and then leaped at me, but not before I shot her between the eyes.
Sensing the other zombies in the neighborhood getting closer, I grabbed the flashlight from my glove compartment and rushed towards the front door. Unfortunately, it was locked.
Ring the doorbell? It was certainly worth a shot. I figured a zombie wouldn’t have enough sense to open the door, let alone unlock it. Plus, if one of the girls were still alive, she’d open it for me. 
A hairy chested, boxer short sporting grandpa zombie growled at me from the edge of the lawn and I knew I couldn’t wait any longer. I ran to the side of the house and tried the tall wooden gate. Luckily it was unlocked. I entered the backyard and did a quick scan of the swimming pool, using my flashlight. There was no sign of blood, just wet towels, snacks, and a couple of floating chairs still drifting in the water. I decided to check out the house and went through the open patio door to the kitchen, where I found a cast-iron frying pan lying on the ground and a few missing knives from the butcher block. Then, I caught something dark and red splattered on the marbled kitchen island. As I moved closer to the stain with my flashlight, I let out a shaky sigh of relief; pizza sauce. 
 Wiping the perspiration from my forehead, I decided to move on. Their house is massive, over ten thousand square feet, and I knew I had a lot of ground to cover, so I started with the obvious: Kylie’s bedroom. Right away, I found Allie’s pink leather purse and overnight bag sitting on a futon, but no other signs of either girl.
 Next, I made my way to Paige’s room, which she likes to call her “wing.” She has her own bathroom with a whirlpool tub, walk-in closet, and even her own personal reading room. By chance I found her new iPhone sticking out from under the bed, as if she’d carelessly dropped it. I put it in my pocket and continued searching the entire house with the flashlight. After I scoured every room in the house, including the theater room and upper level where Kristie and Dan slept, my eyes began to fill with frustrated tears; the place appeared deserted and I had no idea what to do next. As I trudged back downstairs to the kitchen, my phone began to vibrate. I cringed when I saw who it was.
“Thank God! What in the hell were you thinking, girl?” yelled Sara. 
I cleared my throat. “Look, I have to find my sister, she needs me. If it was your sister, you’d do the same. You know I’m right.”
 She was silent for a minute then sighed. “Yes, you are. So… have you found her yet?”
 “No,” I replied sadly.
“Well maybe they’ve all escaped?”
“God, I can only hope so. Listen, have you heard anything at all from my mom, dad, or Bryce?” I asked.
Another pause, then, “No, Cassie, I’m sorry.”
I closed my eyes and let out a shaky breath. “Okay, well look, I’m going to keep searching. Call me if you hear from anyone in my family. Bye.” I hung up before she could start in on me again about returning home.
I put my head in my hands and tried thinking about where Allie and the others could have possibly went. I felt like I was missing something and it was driving me crazy. Then it hit me like a sledgehammer, the new safe-room! It was a family shelter that wasn’t supposed to be finished for a couple of months, but it would still be a good place to hide. Paige had mentioned that it was in the wine cellar, so I ran back downstairs to the lower level and began looking. It was supposed to be hidden at the very back of the wine cabinets.
“Yes,” I squealed when I located the entrance, it looked like an ordinary panel wall with a keypad attached. As I raised my hand to pound on the wall, it opened.
 

Chapter Fourteen



“Thank God!” I cried, standing face to face with my best friend. Although it was obvious that Paige was relieved to see me, the haunted expression in her eyes spoke volumes. She collapsed into my arms and sobbed.
 “Paige, where’s Allie?” I asked, trying to look beyond her into the safe-room. Unfortunately, she appeared to be alone.
She shook her head as the tears streamed down her face. “I…I don’t know!” she cried. 
I wanted to shake her but instead forced myself to remain calm; we’d all been through our own kind of hell the last few hours. “What do you mean?” I asked slowly. 
“I don’t know! Allie and Kylie ran away. They were going to try and get help,” she cried through her tears. “I don’t even know where my mom is!”
“Okay, calm down and start from the beginning. What happened?” 
Her light green eyes grew large. “It was my stepdad, Dan. He turned into some kind of freak! He tried to fucking bite me. Then my mom…she whacked him with a frying pan. But he…he kept coming towards me with these…horrible red eyes. Mom told me to run, so I did! I ran away and have been hiding here ever since. God, I’m so scared!” she sobbed.
“Paige, I didn’t see anyone else in the house.”
“Well, where’s my mom? She just wouldn’t leave me. They’ve just got to be here somewhere!”
“Paige, it’s okay. We’ll find them, somehow,” I replied softly. “Listen, do you have anything to drink? I could really use some caffeine.” I’d been up for almost twenty-four hours and was finally feeling the effects.
She pulled me inside. The hidden room was larger than my entire bedroom. It held a black leather sectional, an arsenal of electronic equipment, and a fully-stocked refrigerator. I grabbed a soda and walked over to the surveillance cameras.
“Do these things work?” I asked.
“No, I’ve already tried. They hadn’t finished installing them yet.
I sighed. “Well, at least you’ve got the generator, and didn’t have to sit in the dark.”
She nodded and then stared vacantly. “What should we do?”
“Well, do you have any weapons?” I asked.
“What…what do you mean?”
I pulled out the Beretta I had tucked behind my back. “Well, I lost my sectional staff when I was searching your house, but I still have this. You’re going to need something to defend yourself, too, just in case.”
Her eyes narrowed. “From…Dan?”
Crap. She didn’t know about the zombies. 

~~~

“Paige?” I’d just recounted my last few hours to her. The expression on her face was unreadable. “Are you okay?”
“You’ve got to be kidding,” she finally said. “That’s just plain nuts.”
“Believe me, I wish I was. Do you really think I’d make something like that up?”
Paige shook her head but I could tell she was still having major doubts. It was crazy for me to imagine and I’d lived through it.
I shrugged. “Well, you’ll find out soon enough. Do you have a baseball bat or something you can hit zombies with?”
She looked at me like I’d lost my mind.
“In my room,” she muttered.
We grabbed a second flashlight and hurried to Paige’s bedroom. She took out a metal baseball bat and two softball helmets, one pink and one black. 
“Great idea!” I said, putting on the black helmet. “Okay, now stay close to me. I haven’t seen any zombies in your house but there’s a ton of walking dead on the streets.”
She put on the pink helmet and I handed her the bat. 
“Wow, I love your nails,” she said suddenly, grabbing my left hand.
I looked down. “Yeah, they look really sexy when I’m shooting at a zombie,” I replied dryly.
Her jaw dropped. “Oh, my God…you really had to use the gun?”
My cell phone started to ring. It was Sara again. 
I sighed. “Hi, Sara.”
“It’s Bryce. Where are you at?” he demanded.
I was racked with so many emotions that my knees gave out. I sank to the ground. “Oh, thank God!” I gasped. “I…I didn’t know what happened to you.”
“I’m fine,” he replied sternly. “Stay where you are and I’ll come get you. Are you still at Paige’s?”
Before I had a chance to respond, Paige gasped in horror and backed into me. 
“What?” I turned and dropped the phone.
Two zombies stood at the entrance of her bedroom. The smell emitting from them rose like a wave of rotting garbage. 
“Holy crap,” said Paige in a strangled voice. 
The moon was shining through her bedroom window, giving us a pretty good view of the zombies. One of them, a skinny half-naked man with white curly hair, made an ugly gurgling noise and then curled its lower lip, as if smiling. There was blood dripping from his rotting face and he held what looked the remains of someone’s arm. He tossed it to the ground and staggered towards us. 
The next thing I knew, Paige let out some kind of ferocious battle cry, then lifted the metal bat and swung high, bashing the zombie smack in the middle of its skull. Before I could react, she raised it again, this time hitting a solid home run on the creature’s head. It dropped to the ground with a loud, sickening thud.
The other zombie, a muscular bald guy with skull tattoos all over his head, growled at us. 
 I raised my gun to shoot him, but the Berretta jammed. “For the love of God,” I mumbled trying repeatedly to shoot it.
“Hold on!” Paige snapped as she tried to dislodge the bat from the other zombie. 
But skull-head just couldn’t wait; he staggered eagerly towards me, white froth foaming from his mouth. Fortunately for me he was terribly slow, with very little coordination. I stepped out of his line of attack and he fell to the ground. When he finally lifted himself back up, I jumped into the air and did a hard side kick; my foot catching him in the throat. He fell backward onto Paige’s jewelry box and that’s when all hell broke loose.
Paige’s face turned red and she screamed in fury. “Get your ugly ass off of my grandmother’s jewelry box, you piece of dead rotting meat!!!” Then she kicked the zombie onto the floor and stomped the sharp heel of her new Jimmy Choo boot onto its face until it was just a bloody mass of gore.
I stared at her in shock as she wiped the perspiration off of her forehead, then grabbed a towel and began cleaning off her boot.
When I finally found my voice, I said, “So, I guess you believe me now?”
She closed her eyes and leaned back against the wall. “You know, all I could think about when I saw them was that I wasn’t ready to die. Not by their hands.” 
I nodded. “I’ve felt the same way all night.” 
She looked at me. “So, who was on the phone?”
“Bryce!” I groaned. 
I knew before I picked up my cell phone that he was gone. I hit redial and waited but nobody answered, it went straight to voicemail. I left a message.
“Nothing?” asked Paige.
“No,” I stood up and sighed. “Let’s go.” I picked up my gun and sure enough, chipped another nail. 

 
Chapter Fifteen


Paige and I went over every inch of the house again, but couldn’t find signs of anyone. Not even Zombie Dan.
“Did you check in the back by the pool?” she asked.
I nodded. “That’s where I entered. The patio door was open.”
“Let me guess, you didn’t close it after you entered and that’s how dead and deader found their way in?” she asked with a wry smile.
“At least there were only two of them. You should have seen how many are prowling the streets outside.”
Her smile faded. “Great.”
We stepped cautiously through the kitchen and over to the sliding glass door. To our dismay we found the pool area climbing with zombies. There had to be a dozen walking aimlessly round the pool, some falling into the water and sinking to the bottom. Fortunately, none of them took any notice of us.
I snorted. “This could almost be funny if it wasn’t really happening to us.”
“Holy crap,” she mumbled. “I think I’m going to puke.”
The smell of rotting skin was overwhelming. Resisting an urge to vomit myself, I slid the door closed and looked at Paige. “Wow, you didn’t invite me to your pool party. That hurts.”
Paige groaned. “All jokes aside, we’re screwed.”
“At least the sun’s starting to come out, they’re easier to see.”
She shivered. “And how’s that supposed to make it better for us?”
“Yeah, they aren’t pretty, especially the ones who’ve been dead for a while.”
Paige’s eyes lit up. “Hey, did you ever check the cabana?” 
I shook my head. “No, I didn’t even think about checking that place, I just wanted to get inside the house.”
“We’d better check it out, now. How do we get past those things?” she asked.
“Well, maybe we can create some kind of distraction in the front of the yard to draw them away from the pool?”
Just then we heard the faint sounds of gunshots. The zombies must have overheard as well, because they began moving idly towards the gate. When the last of them were no longer in sight, I nudged Paige.
“Let’s go,” I said.
I slid the glass door open and we stepped outside. The cabana was on the other side of the pool and we could hear more gunshots as we made our way to the entrance. Paige pulled open the door and we crept inside. It was empty.
Paige took off her softball helmet and sat down. “I thought for sure…Oh, God…where in the hell are they?” she moaned, putting her head in her hands.
I knew her pain. All I could think of about in that moment was my little sister. A memory flashed through my mind of when she was three or four years old, how she would follow me everywhere in her beat-up pink cowgirl boots, that were usually on the wrong feet, begging me to sleep in her room. I’d eventually relent, then grumble the entire night about having to watch her princess movies and the way she’d toss and turn as she slept, kicking me in the back. But right now, I would do anything to go back to that time.
I released a breath and squeezed her shoulder. “Let’s go and find out where that gunfire was coming from.”
Paige nodded, brushing away the tears from her face.
We opened the cabana door and stared in horror; the zombies were back and they brought dates. We were trapped and surrounded.
“Okay, now what?” she whispered.
Just as I opened my mouth, I saw a figure stepping through the sliding glass door. My heart leaped with joy when I recognized the loveable scowling face. Bryce! He’d actually come for me! 
“It’s Bryce!” I shouted.  
The shuffling and groaning of the zombies ceased; you couldn’t hear a bone drop. Everyone, including the zombies, turned towards us.
“Nice going,” said Paige dryly.
Bryce lifted his automatic rifle. “Get down!” he demanded.
Paige and I crouched down as he began shooting at the zombies. I pulled out my gun and aimed at the ones nearest to us. Blood, mucous, and body parts were flying everywhere as we watched all of the carnage in a twisted kind of glory. The dead got deader and we lived another hour in this hideous nightmare.
Paige shuddered. “Okay, this is totally disgusting.”
“I can’t believe he’s actually here,” I said, reloading the Beretta. The butterflies were going crazy in my stomach again. I didn’t even care that I broke a third nail. I flicked it aside and decided the rest would come off immediately when I got home. 
“Only you would fall in love during a zombie massacre,” said Paige.
I shook my head. “I’m not in love with him. I hardly even know him.”
“Face it! You’ve definitely got a thing for him.”
I took off the softball helmet. “He’s cute, sure, but he’s also a little annoying.”
She shrugged. “He’s a guy.”
When the last of the zombies lay twisted and broken on the ground, Bryce jogged over to us. He was still wearing what he’d had on the last time I’d seen him, but it was now covered with blood and gore. Part of me wanted Bryce to sweep me up into his arms and carry me to safety, while another part wanted him to burn the disgusting shirt first. 
“Are you girls okay?” he asked in his deep voice. I’d almost forgotten how amazingly blue his eyes were.
“We’re fine. Still haven’t found Allie or Paige’s mom and sister, though,” I answered.
Bryce looked up at our helmets with the hint of a smile. “Nice touch.”
Paige’s eyes grew wide and she nodded. “It was my idea, so they can’t get to our brains.” 
He bit the side of his lip to keep from cracking up then looked at the house. “So, you’ve checked everywhere, the entire house; basement; garage?” 
Paige and I looked at each other. 
“Garage,” we said in unison. Neither of has had even considered the garage.
“Missed the garage? Okay, stay behind me and do exactly what I tell you.”
Bryce started walking towards the side door to the garage, which was next to the cabana. 
Paige checked out his rear and gave me a “thumbs-up” approval.
I smiled and shoved her forward.
Bryce twisted the doorknob to the garage. “It’s locked. Stand back,” he said. He then lifted his rifle and blasted a hole into it.
“Sorry, I’ll pay you back for that,” he said with a cocky grin. He then kicked the door open and the smell of decay hit us like a sledgehammer. It was also dark, so he grabbed his flashlight and raised the gun. 
“Oh, my God, it’s Dan!” screamed Paige.
Zombie Dan was hovering around two Escalades, one a pearly white and the other black. His gray face was sunken and his skin was beginning to rot. He started shuffling slowly towards us, his dried-up lips pulled back in a deathly grin.
Bryce aimed the gun at Dan, wiping away the creepy smile. He toppled to the ground, hard.
“I never liked him,” muttered Paige. “He was really a pompous jerk.”
“Looks like he was alone,” I said, looking around.
“No, someone’s in the white SUV,” Bryce replied, stepping towards the vehicle. “Yep, a couple of females.” 
Paige and I rushed over; it was Kristie and Kylie! The windows were up and they were lounging in the front seats. There wasn’t any sign of Allie.
“Mom! Wake up!” Paige cried removing her helmet. She began pounding on the window but neither of them budged.
“Hold on,” said Bryce. He went to the back window and broke the glass. Unlocking the door, he climbed in and shook Kristie’s shoulder. 
Kristie’s eyes flew open and she screamed at Bryce, who probably looked like a mad serial killer in his bloody shirt.
Bryce chuckled as he climbed back out of the SUV. “Wow, I’ve never had that reaction from a female before.”
Kristie’s face lit up when she noticed Paige through the window. She removed the iPod earphones she wore and shook Kylie, who was also listening to music, until she was awake. Then she got out. Drawing her arms around Paige, she cried, “Oh, thank God you’re okay!”
“Um, where’s Allie?” I asked in a strangled voice.
“We don’t know,” Kristie said, letting go of Paige. “Dan attacked us and she took off running.”
I heaved a sigh. “Alone?”
“Yeah, I don’t know where she went. I ran after Kylie who ran towards the garage. That’s when Paige disappeared, as well as your sister.”
I turned away and the dam broke. The pain of losing my sister was so great that I couldn’t stop the tears. I knew it would be nearly impossible for Allie to survive on her own in this nightmare. There were so many zombies in the neighborhood and Allie was no match for them. She couldn’t fire a gun or fight them one on one. She definitely wasn’t strong enough.
Bryce pulled me into his arms and held me while I cried. When I finally ran out of tears, I remembered that everyone standing before me had lost someone within the last few hours, maybe even Bryce. I’d never even asked about Bobby.
“I’m sorry,” I hiccupped, pushing Bryce away. “I didn’t even ask about your brother. We’re all going through this, not just me. I’m really sorry.”
He grabbed my hand and squeezed it gently. “Bobby’s fine and so was everyone else when I left them at your house.”
“What about my parents? Were they home?” Deep down, I already knew that answer. They were both lost somewhere in this nightmare.
He sighed. “I’m sorry, Cassie; they weren’t around when I got back there. But they’re very capable people from what I’ve heard. Don’t give up on them, okay?”
I nodded slowly.
Kristie walked over and wrapped her arms around me. “I’m so sorry, honey. Dan just went nuts and chased us into the garage. I had to lock him out of the SUV so he wouldn’t hurt me or Kylie.”
“It’s not your fault,” I sighed.
“Yes, it is,” Kristie stated and threw up her hands. “You know, I just have the worst luck with men. The first one I married was a jerk and this one turned out to be a psychotic maniac. Anyway, we’ll find her. She got away from Dan. He’s been here the entire time so he couldn’t have hurt her.”
She looked so optimistic that it hit me; she had no idea what was happening in the outside world. “Oh…you don’t know,” I said breathlessly.
Kristie shrugged. “Know what?”
“Show her,” said Paige.
Bryce grabbed his gun and walked back to where we’d come in. He opened the door and motioned for Kristie. 
Kristie walked over and had her first glimpse of the carnage that was left from the zombie pool party massacre. She placed a hand over her mouth in horror. “Holy shit!
 

Chapter Sixteen


Bryce and I locked the gate this time to keep any other new zombies from wandering in. 
“I wonder how they happened to know we’re here?” I said to him as we watched more begin to navigate towards the house.
He shrugged. “Not sure, but I think we should get going soon. It’s too dangerous staying here.”
I nodded, trying not to breathe in the horrible smell. The smell of the rotting flesh was so pungent that I decided to ask Kristie for some Vicks to rub under my nose. I’d heard it was great for masking raunchy smells. 
We returned to the house and closed the blinds so we wouldn’t have to view all the corpses outside. It was getting warmer outside and now the flies were beginning to hover around the dead.  
“Nothing on television yet,” mumbled Paige, throwing the remote control. Bryce had been able to locate the house’s main generator, so there was power again. 
“Anyone hungry?” asked Kristie as she opened up the fridge. “I’m starving. Even those nasty zombie bodies outside can’t ruin this appetite.”
 I wasn’t really hungry but needed the energy from the food. “Sure,” I said.
“Well, the ham still looks good,” she commented as she sniffed it. She placed it on the counter and took out some bread. “I can make sandwiches. Sorry, Wild, I’m out of pickles.”
I smiled. “That’s fine.”
Kristie made sandwiches for everyone while I gave her a recap of what I understood about the zombies. They were insatiable cadavers who would do anything for a good meal. And we were definitely the main course. At least that was my version.
 Bryce’s reasoning was a little more scientific and straight from one of his military buddies. Those millions of people who received the flu vaccine were given a death sentence. The theory was that the vaccine caused some type of severe neurological damage; destroying what is the humane part of the brain. Eventually it begins to destroy tissue in other parts of the body including muscle and other major organs; basically, creating a walking vegetable. One with a ravenous appetite for protein, lots of it. He wasn’t sure if they were really considered zombies, but they were definitely something out of a horror movie.   
“Is the military going to be able to contain these things?” asked Kristie.
“Most of the military are zombies by now, they were pretty much required to have them. The few remaining soldiers who didn’t get the vaccine have their hands full as it is. The point is, we’re pretty much on our own.”
“How long does it take for someone to turn into a zombie?” whispered Kylie. It was the first time she’d spoken since we’d found them. Kristie put her arm around her.
“Not sure, although I think everyone is different, depending on their body mass. My aunt received the vaccine and it took only twenty-four hours for her to change, she’s pretty small. I’ve heard that others took much longer.”
“Wasn’t your aunt caring for your mom?” I asked Bryce.
His lips grew thin and he nodded. 
“Did you see your aunt when she was a zombie?” asked Kristie.
“Unfortunately, I did. After work, I went to check on my mother to see if she was doing any better. She’d refused any medication at the clinic, including the vaccine. She never believed in the flu vaccinations, that’s why Bobby and I have never had shots either. Personally I think she just avoided any kind of medical attention because of her drinking problem. Anyway, when I got home, let’s just say they were both gone, but for different reasons.”
“I’m sorry,” I replied softly.
He shrugged then got up from the table to grab a bottle of water. His eyes were misty and he gazed out the window while the rest of us finished our sandwiches.
“So, can the zombies infect others?” asked Paige, breaking the silence.
Bryce cleared his throat and looked over. “The military believes that they can infect others. So try not to get bitten.”
“God, I’d give anything for a cigarette right now,” mumbled Kristie as she rubbed her chin.
Paige’s jaw dropped. “Mom, you quit two years ago. Control yourself.” 
“Well, I think there’s a better chance of getting killed by a zombie right now then dying of lung cancer,” she replied dryly.
I pushed myself up from the table. “I need to use your bathroom. Do you have any Vicks vapor rub?”
Kristie looked at me strangely. “Go ahead. There’s some in the vanity.”
“What? It helps mask the smell of rotting dead people,” I explained.
She smiled with amusement. “Good thinking. How’d you come up with that?”
“CSI,” I said matter-of-factly.
“I see. Did you know that cigarette smoke can also mask different types of smells? Bryce…do you happen to smoke?”
“Mom!” groaned Paige.
I smiled as I went to the bathroom down the hall. When I closed the door, I noticed Allie’s favorite T-shirt was hanging on the back. It was bright pink with the words “Dare to Dance” scrolled on the front. She’d worn it constantly at home.
I sighed. I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you, I thought, grabbing the shirt. When I closed my eyes, I could still smell her favorite lotion, some type of strawberry scent. I slid to the ground and closed my eyes, trying not to cry. Before long, someone began knocking softly on the door.
“Cassie? Are you okay?” asked Bryce.
I cleared my throat. “Yes, sorry. I’ll be out in a minute.”
He paused. “Okay.”
I stood up and caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. My hair was in disarray, streaks of mascara lined my face, and my tank top was covered in something I didn’t even want to consider. Sighing, I washed my face, neck, and hands, then removed my tank top. I slipped on my sister’s shirt, wanting to be closer to her. Then, I combed out my hair, grabbed the jar of Vicks, and went back into the kitchen. 
Kylie smiled sadly. “That’s Allie’s shirt.” 
I touched it and nodded.
Bryce looked down at his own shirt and frowned. “You wouldn’t happen to have anything I can change into?”
Kristie snorted. “You could definitely use a new shirt. Let me find you something. I have some new T-shirts in the closet down the hall. Throw that nasty thing away and follow me.” 
“Thanks,” he replied, removing his shirt, displaying perfectly defined muscles and a hard, flat stomach. 
“Work out much, Bryce?” asked Kristie as she led him out of the kitchen.
I couldn’t help staring as he walked away. The word “chiseled” didn’t do him justice.
“Wow,” whispered Paige. “That dude’s got one smokin’ body.”
I shrugged. “Yeah, it’s not bad.”
Paige snorted and pushed me playfully. “You’re such a horrible liar.”
“Fine, okay, it was pretty…spectacular.”
“You know, I think he’s graduated from being your karate instructor. The rules have changed.” She sighed and looked out the window. “The world’s changed.”
I pushed my hair behind my ears. “Well, a relationship isn’t really at the top of my ‘to-do’ list right now.”
“I’m just saying…”
Bryce and Kristie walked back into the kitchen. This time he was covered in a new white T-shirt.
“Sorry, girls, I had to cover him up so he wouldn’t distract the female zombies.”
“Or the gay ones,” replied Kylie.
Kristie’s jaw dropped.
“You know, you ladies are starting to make me feel really uncomfortable,” said Bryce with a straight face.
 “Kylie? What do you know about being gay?” asked her mother.
“Mom, I learned about sex in fifth grade. Come on!” she replied.
“Okay, seriously…what do we do now?” asked Paige.
“Well, I want to check around the neighborhood,” I stated. “I need to find out what happened to Allie. Find out if she’s trapped out there, somewhere, and needs help.”
Bryce nodded. “I’m coming with you.”
“I think we should all stick together,” said Kristie. “If there are zombies walking the streets, we need each other.”
“That’s a good idea,” replied Bryce
Kristie grabbed her keys. “Let’s all pack into Dan’s Escalade and go for a drive then.”
We found a large cooler and filled it with water, soda, chips, and granola bars. Bryce and I grabbed our guns while Paige grabbed her metal bat.
“This might come in handy,” said Kristie, holding up a war hammer she’d found in the garage. It had a sharp spike in the back and hammer head. It looked pretty deadly.  
“Yeah, that could do some damage,” I agreed. “Where’d you find that thing?”
“From this renaissance convention that Dan visited last year. He collects medieval stuff like that. Or…he did, rather,” said Kristie. Her eyes became moist and she smiled sadly. “Poor Dan. He was a little bit of a dork, but I loved the man. He didn’t deserve to die this way.”
“Nobody deserves this,” I said.
Kristie cleared her throat. “I’ll let you drive,” she said to Bryce, handing him the keys. “I’m not sure how rational I’ll be if I see one of those things on the street.”
It turned out that the street was crawling with zombies, some of them walking around aimlessly in a state of confusion, while others were actually attacking their own kind. From what I could tell, the zombies that were at a farther stage of decomposing seemed to be the most vicious. They’d actually feed on zombies that looked like they’d just turned, somehow sensing that their victims still had some fresh protein available.
“How in the hell are we going to get out of here? I can’t imagine they’ll just move out of the way for us,” said Kristie.
“We’re not going around them,” said Bryce tightening his grip on the steering wheel. “We’re going through them. Sorry, Kristie, but you may need a little body repair after this.”
Kristie snorted. “Just get us out of here safely, screw the paint job. Dan’s not going to be around to complain about any scratches.”
“Okay, everyone, keep your windows up and lock your doors,” he said. 
We started driving slowly onto the road towards the crowd of zombies who were beginning to take notice of us. As we approached, some actually did move out of the way while others decided to get a closer look.
“It’s odd how some are pretty docile while others are so violent,” Paige said.
“I think it depends on what stage there at,” I replied. “The ones who are crazy and more violent have probably been zombies longer. At least that’s my opinion.”
“Now we know why some of them are so bloody and torn apart. They’ve been attacking each other, too,” said Kristie, who looked rather ill.
When we reached a point where we couldn’t move the SUV anymore, zombies were standing all around the vehicle, running their hands all over it. Some stared with longing at us and eventually began climbing onto the hood.
 Bryce sighed. “Okay, I’ve had enough of this. Close your eyes if you have a weak stomach, kids.” 
The SUV barreled forward, jerking some of the zombies off of the hood. I covered my ears to block out the groans of the zombies and the sounds of their bones crunching under the tires. 
“Oh, my God,” gasped Kristie, holding firmly onto the dashboard. “This is…I’m going to throw up!” 
“No!” cried Kylie. “Don’t throw up or you’ll make me do it too.”
When we finally got past the mob of zombies, we drove down several streets to try and find my sister. Most of the neighborhoods were quiet, without any signs of life. Even the park was empty. It was frustrating and I knew there was no way we could search all of the homes, it was too dangerous. When our gas tank started getting low and the zombies started getting even more zealous, we had to leave.
“Sorry, Cassie. I wish there was more we could do to find your sister,” said Bryce.
“Me too,” I sighed, looking out the window towards the community’s front entrance gate. 
“Hey,” Kristie gasped, pointing ahead of us. “There’s someone trying to run over there. Oh, my God, it’s a girl and she needs some help!”
My heart began to pound and I opened my window to see if it was my sister. Unfortunately it wasn’t, but I did recognize the mass of vibrant red hair.
“Eva King,” I mumbled.

 
Chapter Seventeen




“Is she a zombie?” asked Paige, lifting her bat.  
I snorted. “No.”
Paige sighed and laid her head back against the seat. “Do we really have to stop?” 
“Paige…” said Kristie, looking back at her. “That’s not nice.”
Two zombies were edging closer to Eva, who looked annoyed more than anything. In one arm she held a pink dog carrier and in the other an oversized Louis Vuitton tote bag. 
“Stay here,” Bryce said as we skidded to a halt. He jumped out of the SUV carrying his rifle, and in less than five seconds, both zombies lay motionless on the ground and Eva looked like she’d just found Jesus. She stared with adoration at Bryce as he lowered his gun and moved towards her.
“Would you look at Eva? She’s smiling at your man like he’s a bowl of cream and she’s a cat dying of thirst,” said Paige dryly. 
“Paige, he’s not my man. Besides, she’s just thanking him,” I replied. I had to admit, though, I felt a twinge of jealously when she threw her arms around him and kissed his cheek.
Paige raised her hands in exasperation. “There you go! She just left her nasty, smelly mark on him.”
Kristie chuckled. “Okay, enough, Paige.”
I watched as Bryce took the dog carrier and she leaned on him for support as they made their way back to the SUV.
“Hi, Eva,” said Paige with a smirk when Bryce opened the back door. “Did you hurt your ankle?”
Eva blinked in confusion. “Paige?” she said, biting her lower lip. “Yes, I think I sprained it back there.” 
“You can sit in the third row seating,” Paige said as she adjusted the seat to let her in. “With your cat.”
“Oh, okay. This is Chi Chi, he’s actually a Chihuahua,” she replied, climbing in.
I turned around and faced Eva, who, as usual, was draped in expensive designer clothing and overpriced heels. She must have gotten up early to do her hair and makeup, because she looked the total opposite of me; fresh and feminine. 
“Hi, Eva,” I said. “Poor little guy’s been through a lot I bet.” Chi Chi appeared to be trembling more than any animal I’d ever seen. 
“Oh God, yes,” Eva said, rolling her eyes. “This has been the worst morning of my life! My mom’s chauffer was supposed to pick me up a half hour ago and take me to the airport. Obviously that incompetent idiot didn’t show up. My mom isn’t answering any calls, which is so typical of her when something goes wrong and I need her. I was so frustrated that my eyes started watering and I lost both contact lenses. Then, finally, I almost get mugged by those two creeps! I was so scared. I don’t know what would have happened if you all hadn’t shown up.”
“So you didn’t get a good look at those two guys?” I asked incredulously.
She wrinkled her nose. “No but they smelled horrible and were making some really disgusting noises. Thank goodness your cute friend stopped in time. If you ask me, they deserved what they got.” She lowered her voice to a whisper. “You know, I think they were going to rape me.”
I looked at Paige who was biting her lip to keep from laughing. I shot her a look and then turned to Eva. “Eva? What were you doing over in this area anyway?”
“We just moved into my mom’s fiancé’s house across the street over there,” she said, motioning to a giant colonial. “I was on my way to speak with the security guard in the booth when those two hoodlums started racing towards me. I don’t think I’ve ever been so scared in my life.”
It was clear that Eva had no idea what had happened in the last twenty-four hours. I knew someone had to let her know, and Paige was having too much fun listening to her to set her straight. I took a deep breath and began telling her the truth.
She interrupted me right away. “Excuse me? Have you completely lost your mind, Cassie?”
“No, she’s telling the truth,” replied Bryce from the front seat. 
Eva stared in alarm at Bryce and then closed her eyes. She took a deep breath and then released it slowly. 
“Okay…” she replied breathlessly, “well, I would be more inclined to believe you since you were carrying a gun and clearly saved my life. Plus, those freaks did smell absolutely horrible. What was your name again?”
“It’s Bryce,” I answered for him with clenched teeth. The fact that she thought I was lying really pissed me off.
Eva’s attention turned back to me. “Well, you may as well continue with your little story.”
“Story? It’s the facts, Eva,” snapped Paige.
“Okay, let’s just relax,” said Kristie. “It’s hard to accept what has happened and we’ve seen it with our own eyes. So imagine how difficult it is for Eva to believe.”
Paige shrugged.
Kristie’s eyes softened. “Honey,” she said. “Here are the facts; that new flu vaccine has created zombies, okay? You’re lucky we found you because you and Chi Chi…you were next on the menu. If not for the two zombies, then for the dead army coming up behind us. Holy crap! Bryce, step on it!!” 
We all turned to the back window as Bryce peeled away. Hundreds of zombies were heading our way.

~~~

We decided to drive back to my house to check on Bobby and the others.
“Well,” said Kristie, shutting off her phone. “Thankfully my brother was in town visiting my mom when the zombies struck because she would have been all alone. They’re at the cabin now and didn’t have a clue as to what was going on. I told him the girls and I would head out there after we drop everyone off.”
“Are you sure you want to risk driving around by yourselves?” asked Bryce.
“You’re all free to join us if you’d like. It’s only about an hour north of here.” 
I didn’t say anything. My mom, dad, and sister were all missing and that’s all I could think about at the moment.
“Eva? Are you okay?” asked Kristie.
Eva was staring out the window. After replacing her contacts and getting her first real glimpse of the zombies wandering the streets, she’d been horrified of how close she’d been to death.  
I touched her shoulder gently. “Eva?”
She turned to me with tears in her eyes. “Um, sorry…I just don’t really know what to do at this point. I’m just so worried about my mom.”
“Do you have anyone else you can call? Your dad or a grandparent?” I asked. 
She shook her head. “No. My father is somewhere in Asia. I haven’t spoken to him in years. All my grandparents are dead. It’s just me and Chi Chi.”
“Did your mom get the vaccine?” I asked. 
“No. Neither of us did.”
All of a sudden Bryce slammed on the brakes and we all lurched forward in our seats.
“What the heck?” I yelled at him.
“Stay here,” he said and jumped out of the SUV with his rifle. 
“Oh, good God! Look at that poor puppy!” cried Kristie.
Several zombies were closing in on a young golden retriever. The dog was on a leash that appeared to be tangled on a rickety fence in front of an old church. Its frantic barking must have temporarily confused the zombies because they were staying back, although I knew it wouldn’t be long before their hunger drove them closer.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure Bryce will save that poor little dog,” said Eva.
Bryce raised his rifle and started shooting.    
“Look!” pointed Kylie. “More zombies are coming from behind that trailer!”
A motorhome was parked in a neighboring driveway and Bryce was about to be attacked by a larger pack of zombies. 
“I’m going to help. Lock the door behind me,” I said. 
Luckily Bryce had fixed my gun and it was ready to go again. I opened the door and jumped out. “Bryce, watch out behind you!” I yelled and started firing it at the new group of zombies. By the time I used all my bullets, however, I’d only hit two in the head. The others were getting back up.
Bryce hollered at me. “Just get back in the truck!”
I watched in horror as another wave of zombies approached Bryce from the other side of the church. I knew he didn’t have enough ammunition for all of them. He started shooting again and it didn’t take long to empty out his rifle.
“Shit!” he raged, tossing it to the ground. The next thing I knew he was striking out at the zombies with his feet and hands, sending them crashing to the pavement. Unfortunately, they were getting back up almost as quickly.
I ran to the SUV and grabbed the metal bat and the war hammer.
“Here!” I screamed, throwing the bat towards him. He picked it up off the ground and began swinging. Decaying zombie brains began paving the sidewalk in front of the church; which seemed so immoral and sacrilegious. Then I remembered how badly these things wanted to eat us, and held firmly to the war hammer.
I took a deep breath and then moved in to help Bryce.  
“Oh, God!” I groaned as I brought it down on the first zombie’s skull. Zombie blood sprayed everywhere and I gagged. Shooting them was by far a lot less gross.
“Get back into the SUV!” barked Bryce, bringing the bat down on a zombie who was dressed all in Goth and had jet-black hair. 
I dislodged the hammer and swung it at a tall, skinny zombie woman who was missing half of her face. Now the other half matched. 
“You need my help!” I screamed, raising the hammer again, this time I swung it at a dead cheerleader that I recognized from school; we never had gotten along.
“I’ve got this!” he replied angrily as he rushed towards another zombie closing in on the dog.
“Yeah, I can tell,” I mumbled, heading towards someone who was about to rush Bryce from behind. I stuck my tennis shoe out, tripping him. He then flopped face down onto the ground where I quickly finished him off.
“Cassie! Watch out!” screamed Kristie from the SUV. 
Three new zombies were staggering hungrily towards me while I was attempting to dislodge the hammer from the zombie’s brain.
“Shit!” yelled Bryce when he noticed the stooges. He had his hands full with two others coming at him.
 The next thing I knew, Kristie punched the gas on the SUV, crushing the three under her oversized Goodyear tires. 
“Six points!” cheered Paige and Kylie from the open window. 
 Kristie backed up and smeared another small group wandering towards us.
“Ten points, mom! Woot! Woot!”
When we’d finally taken out all of the zombies, both Bryce and I were exhausted.
“Next time…do what I tell you. You could’ve…been killed,” he said, trying to catch his breath.
I wiped the sweat off my forehead with the back of my arm. “First of all, quit telling me what to do; secondly, ‘you’re welcome’ would’ve sufficed.”
Bryce stood up straight and gave me a lopsided grin. “Kind of reminds me of the first time we met. Both of us exhausted and doing hand-to-hand combat.”
“I remember. You were just as humble then, too,” I said.
His eyes met mine. “You know, something about the way you swung that hammer was incredibly sexy.”
I burst out laughing. “You’re extremely warped.” 
“I never said I wasn’t,” he replied. He took the war hammer from me and examined it. “This worked great. I’ve definitely got to get me one of these.”  
“Sure, if you can get past the real nasty part of dislodging it from the zombie’s heads. I had to fight from throwing up each time I used it.” 
The dog started barking and we both rushed towards it, almost forgetting why we’d risked our lives fighting zombies in the first place. It was a female and she had a tag with the name “Goldie” engraved on it. Goldie showed her appreciation by licking my face while Bryce worked to free her from the fence. 
“What a beautiful dog,” said Bryce, petting her soft, golden fur. She appeared to be smiling back at him with her tongue sticking out of the corner of her mouth.
“Yes, sweetie, you were worth the battle,” I told her as she rolled around on her tummy.  
“Looks like we have another soldier on our team,” smiled Bryce.
Goldie barked in agreement.

 
Chapter Eighteen



We returned to the SUV with Goldie and she immediately jumped into Kylie’s lap, who was delighted. The puppy must have been excited to see warm-blooded humans because she couldn’t stop moving around to greet everyone.
“She’s adorable!” giggled Paige, who received a hello slurp from Goldie.
“Those horrible zombies,” said Kylie in a cooing voice to Goldie, “nobody’s going to hurt you now, puppy.”
Bryce opened the driver’s side door.
“Wait, shirt first, Bryce,” said Kristie, holding up another clean T-shirt. “I’m not sure how you manage to get so full of gore while Cassie hardly gets a spot of blood on her.”
“Easy, I hit much harder,” he replied, removing his shirt.
“You were so awesome, Bryce,” declared Eva, who was staring at his pecks lustfully. 
I rolled my eyes. 
“Thanks, Eva,” he replied, pulling the new shirt on. He jumped back into the SUV and we began moving again.
“Sorry I couldn’t help you guys,” glowered Paige. “My mother forced me to stay put.”
Kristie turned to look at her. “Face it, Paige, you’re just not the fighting type. You probably would’ve gotten in the way more than anything.”
“Actually, Paige proved herself to be a pretty good zombie destroyer this morning, when we were cornered in her bedroom. She took care of both the dudes,” I replied. 
Kristie turned to Paige in disbelief. “You had boys in your room?”
Paige rolled her eyes. “Yes, but they won’t be back.”
I smiled. “Yes, and let’s just say she’ll probably never quite get the cartilage out of the heel of her Jimmy Choos.”
“Oh, my God, that is so nasty!” squealed Kylie.
As we neared the middle of town, we noticed several abandoned cars along the side of the streets and were forced to slow down to maneuver around them. Fortunately, the zombies wobbling by ignored us. 
“Bryce, do you have any more rounds left for the rifle?” I asked.
He shook his head. “No. I used the last of my ammunition saving Goldie.”
I felt warm breath next to my ear. “Wow, I had no idea you had such cute relatives, Cassie,” whispered Eva.
I stared at her. “He’s my karate instructor.” 
Eva’s eyes lit up. “Karate instructor? Oh wow. That’s hot.”
“Stay away from him, Eva,” hissed Paige. “He’s already taken.”
“Paige,” I warned. She just couldn’t take a hint that Bryce and I were just friends. 
Eva was silent as she sat back in her seat, a small smile settling on her lips.
“Check out the zombies hovering around McDonald’s,” said Kylie.
There had to be thirty or more wandering around the abandoned building, some of them actually going inside.
“At least they’re not paying us any mind,” said Kristie.
“Wonder if some of them are still having a Big Mac attack,” I joked.
“I’ll bet they can smell raw patties in the back. It might be drawing them here. They’re probably spoiling by now with the electricity off,” said Bryce.
“Hey, stop at the next gas station you see. We need to fill up,” said Kristie. 
Two blocks later, Bryce pulled into a small abandoned station and then hopped out to fill the tank. I followed him, clutching the war hammer tightly.
“Be right back!” yelled Kristie, as she jumped out of the truck holding the metal bat. 
“Mom, are you nuts?” Paige hollered out the window. “What in the heck are you doing?!”
“Thirsty,” she called back.
“We packed drinks,” muttered Paige, crossing her hands across her chest.
I sighed. “I’ll go follow her.”
“Be careful,” said Bryce. “It looks empty from out here, but you never know.”
When I stepped into the filling station, I found Kristie behind the counter, opening a pack of cigarettes. 
“I should have known,” I said.
Kristie smiled and took a drag. She exhaled and a steady stream of white smoke curled out of her mouth. “Oh man, I needed that.”
I smiled. “Paige is going to flip out.” 
“That’s okay. Let her,” she answered. “It’s so worth it.”
I stretched out my arms and yawned. “I’m so tired. I’m going to grab some energy drinks. Want anything?”
She nodded. “Grab me a diet soda, please.”
I walked to the back of the station and grabbed a couple of energy drinks out of the cooler. When I turned around, one of the former employees stood two feet away from me, drooling. 
“Crap,” I groaned throwing the cans as hard as I could at her gray, mottled face. 
The zombie growled and rushed towards me but not before I caught her stomach with a roundhouse kick. She flew backwards into a stack of cereal boxes.
As I raised the hammer to finish her off, something grabbed me by the back of the hair and pulled. I quickly smashed my head backwards with all my might, hitting a second zombie in the nose. It screeched as it released my hair and its horrible smell actually made it past the Vicks coated under my nose. I shuddered and then kicked back with my foot, hitting it hard in the shin. 
“Back for more?” I snapped at the first zombie who’d since gotten back up and was now staggering towards me. This time Kristie was behind her, swinging wildly at the zombie with the metal bat. She hit it in the skull with a loud “clunk”, and the zombie dropped, this time for good.
She looked up at me, her face pale. She pointed behind me and gasped, “Zombie!” 
The other zombie was coming at me with its mouth wide open. I slammed the hammer into its grotesque face and it dropped to the ground.
“Thanks, Kristie,” I said, dislodging the hammer. I noticed that I was starting to become a little impervious to all of the zombie blood and gore. Whether it was a good thing or bad thing, I wasn’t even sure anymore.   
Bryce walked through the door at that moment. “What’s taking so long?” When he noticed the two dead zombies and Kristie lighting up another cigarette, he sighed. “Next time let me do the shopping.”  
“Actually, I think we did a pretty fair job staying alive in here,” I said, grabbing two bags of dog food. 
He smiled as he grabbed some beef jerky. “I wouldn’t want you on the other team, that’s for sure.”
I grabbed two more energy drinks and Kristie stuffed several packs of smokes inside of her shirt. 

~~~

We took off again as I sipped from my can. I stared out the window at the houses and businesses we passed and it was hard to imagine the kinds of nightmares that were hidden inside. Everything seemed so…normal. But I knew without a doubt it was a lie. “Normal” was gone forever and we were now only left with zombies and broken hearts. 
When we finally made the turn onto my street, I felt a gnawing fear about what we’d find in my house. My cell phone was completely dead and we hadn’t been in contact with Sara since Bryce left them early this morning.
“You okay, Cassie?” asked Bryce.
“I’m okay,” I said, although my palms were sweating and I had to wipe them onto my jeans.  
“I’m sure they’re fine,” Bryce said, knowing my fears. “Sara knows how to use a gun and Hannah seems like a pretty strong woman. They were going to lock themselves in the basement with the kids until I returned.”
“And…what if you hadn’t returned?” I asked.
He sighed heavily. “Have a little more faith, Cassie.” 
My faith was pretty brittle at this point. I’d basically lost hope in ever finding my sister, and both of my parents were still missing. Then there was my grandparents, I didn’t even want to consider what kind of hell they were going through. 
 “Uh oh, looks like we missed out on your spring neighborhood block party,” mused Kristie.
We stopped at the end of the block. Several of my neighbors were wandering around the cul-de-sac, some attacking each other while others just looked confused. We’d never been very close to any of them when they were alive, but it was still horrifying to view them now as zombies. 
I shuddered. “I wonder if they smell the others.”
Bryce nodded. “It wouldn’t surprise me if that was the case.”
“Well, they are starting to congregate towards us, so you’d better get us out of here,” demanded Eva.
“We’re not leaving; there are women and children in that house who need us. Kind of like you needed us awhile back!” snapped Paige. 
There were about five zombies approaching the SUV. “Listen, we should go through the garage. There’s a keypad by the side of the house that I can probably get to. Once I enter it, pull in immediately.”
“I’ll cover you,” said Bryce.
“Seriously, that’s all you’ve got for a plan?” asked Paige as the zombies closed in around the SUV. 
“You have a better plan?” I asked.
She shrugged and then sighed deeply. “Nah, I’ve got nothing’.”
Bryce grabbed the metal bat from Kristie. “When the garage door opens, get this thing in quick. Plow right through any zombies you have to.”
Kristie’s face grew pale. She nodded and took a deep breath. “Okay, I’m ready, Freddy.”
“Got your hammer?” he turned and asked me.
I held it up.
“Okay, let’s do this,” he said.
I pushed my door open and quickly kicked one of my neighbors in the stomach. I hurried out of the truck and slammed the door shut, wielding my hammer. “I’m sorry, Mr. Bleechman. No offense.” 
He growled and rushed towards me but I sidestepped him. He slammed into the truck face-first.
“You things aren’t very graceful, are you?” I said.
“Cassie! Quit playing and get over to the keypad!” hollered Bryce who was busy holding off two other zombies. 
I took a deep breath and ended Mr. Bleechman’s short life as a zombie with a solid strike to his head with my hammer. As he fell to the ground, I heard an unearthly screech.
 Mrs. Bleechman! 
She seemed to have appeared out of nowhere and was now moving towards me with her mouth open and long, red, acrylic fingernails, raised. 
“Wait, Lois, he was cheating on you, I actually just did you a favor!” I yelled, still trying to dislodge the hammer from her husband’s dead skull.
She snarled and kept barreling towards me. 
“You’re wasting time,” grumbled Bryce as he grabbed her by the back of the hair and swung her to the ground. She twisted around to attack but his bat split her rotted skull in two.
I shuddered. “Now that…that…was really gross.”
He motioned towards the house. “Keypad. Now.” 
I ran to the side of the house and punched in the numbers for the garage. Unfortunately, nothing happened.
“Crap,” I groaned, forgetting about the electricity, being out. Feeling foolish, I ran over to the small door on the side of the garage and squealed with joy when I found that it was unlocked. I pushed it open and manually opened the large garage doors, the way my dad had showed me last summer.
I could hear the sound of Bryce’s metal bat striking more zombies as it lifted, and cringed. Even though they were now monsters, it still felt wrong to be killing my neighbors. 
The SUV made it inside with only one zombie who managed to follow us, and Bryce took care of him quickly. 
“Can you bag him or something? He’s going to stink up the garage,” I said.
“Maybe later if there’s time,” said Bryce. “You’re not planning on staying here, are you?” 
“I don’t know what my plans are yet,” I replied.
“How about this…stick with me, we’re a pretty good team,” he said and slapped me playfully on the butt.
My jaw dropped but I didn’t say anything. 
Just then everyone else piled out of the SUV. Goldie barked with excitement then began sniffing around the garage. 
Eva got out with Chi Chi still in her dog carrier. “Little Chi Chi needs to make a little wee wee,” she said in her cutesy voice. The dog barked.
“Are you kidding me?” snorted Paige.
Kristie rolled her eyes and I bit my lip to keep from laughing.
Chi Chi, who was shaking violently again, moved to a corner of the garage and peed. Goldie peed on the zombie.
“Good girl,” I said, bending down to pet Goldie’s head.
Eva flipped her hair and then batted her eyelashes at Bryce. “By the way, Bryce, you were so incredible out there. I don’t know what we’d do without you.”
Bryce, who I’ve learned thrives on gushing females, beamed her one of his dimpled smiles. “Someone’s got to take care of all you women.”
“Oh, puke,” muttered Paige as she slammed the door to the SUV.
“Is it safe to go in there?” asked Kristie as she grabbed the doorknob leading into my house.
“Better let me go in first,” replied Bryce, “just in case there are surprises waiting inside.”
Kristie looked at Bryce with amusement. “Fine by me, Bruce Lee.” 
Bryce grabbed the bat, then opened the door and stepped inside. After about a minute he stuck his head back into the garage. “It’s clear.”
I walked in with Goldie, who took off immediately to wander throughout the house. “Looks like Goldie’s giving the ‘all clear’ sign, too.” Although, it seemed much too quiet in the house. “Hello? Anyone home?” I yelled.  
Goldie bolted downstairs and I could hear the squeal of Megan’s laughter.
 Sara raced upstairs, her face full of relief. “Oh, God!” she cried, wrapping her arms around me. “I’m so glad to see you guys!”
Bobby ran upstairs and flung himself at Bryce. “Yay, Bryce is home!”
Bryce picked up Bobby and held him tightly in his arms. “Told you I’d be back, Champ,” he said softly.
“Hi,” Megan said to me as she peeked around the corner of the basement door, “whose puppy?”
“Ours now,” I replied with a smile. “Her name’s Goldie,”
Eva was holding Chi Chi who whimpered to get down. She finally released her and Chi Chi trotted after Goldie. 
“Two dogs?!” screamed Megan in delight. 
“Err…well, the Chihuahua is mine,” said Eva. “But he’s a nice doggy and loves kids. You can play with him.”
I was surprised to see Eva acting like a civilized human being, especially after the way she treated most people at school. Then of course we’d just saved her life and she didn’t have anywhere else to go. 
Kristie’s mouth dropped when she saw Hannah. “Oh, my God! I didn’t know you were here, Han. Where’s Paul?”
Hannah started crying and Kristie went over right away to console her. Then both women went downstairs to catch up and talk about the loss of their husbands. Apparently Kristie and Hannah knew each other well.
“Have you heard from my parents?” I asked Sara.
Sara looked at me sadly. “No, neither of them. I take it you didn’t find Allie either?”
I shook my head and sighed. “Look, I’m really tired. The energy drink didn’t do anything for me. Think I’m going to have a shower and then maybe take a nap,” I said. “We still have water, don’t we?”
“For now,” replied Sara.
I still wasn’t sure why the government had shut down the power so quickly. I couldn’t imagine that it would be easier to contain the zombies in the dark.
My hair was sticky in some places and I fought an urge to puke as I washed it away with shampoo. I’d never felt so incredibly dirty in my life. Although I had to admit, I hadn’t even thought about germs in the last couple of days. Being exposed to so much blood and guts had made me numb to everything, including my phobia. 
When I got out of the shower, I cut the tips off the rest of my fingernails and sighed, wondering if Mae was safe. Then I pushed it away from my mind. It was too horrifying to think about all the victims caught up in this nightmare.
Where are you, mom? I wondered as I laid my head on my pillow and closed my eyes. It was bad enough not finding my sister and not knowing where my father was. But my mother…she’d promised to come back quickly, and hadn’t. I knew exactly what that meant, I wasn’t naïve or stupid. I just couldn’t allow myself to accept the fact that she was probably gone forever. 
 

Chapter Nineteen


“Mom, where’ve you been? I was so worried about you,” I cried as she walked into the kitchen. I ran up to her and threw my arms around her. 
Smiling, she stroked my cheek fondly. “I told you I had to take care of that soldier,” she replied. Her hair was a mess and there was blood splattered on her shirt. 
“Are you okay?” I asked, pulling away. She looked pale and tired.
“I’m fine, honey,” she replied and took me into her arms again. “You know how much I love you, don’t you, my little Wild One?”
I closed my eyes and laid my head on her shoulder. “I love you, too, mom. God, I missed you so much.”
She squeezed me harder. “I need you, honey.”
I could hardly breathe she was squeezing me so tightly in her arms. “Sure, mom. Just don’t hold me so tight. I can…barely breathe.” 
“I really do need you. You understand, don’t you, baby?” she whispered into my ear.
I gasped for breath, trying to free myself. When I finally pushed her away, our eyes met and my heart screamed out in anguish.
“Come back to mommy,” she rasped, holding her gray, mottled arms towards me. “I need you so. I love you, Cassie.”
I nodded. “I love you, too.” 
Then I closed my eyes and sobbed as I let her have me.

~~~

I woke up to someone gently shaking me.
“Cassie?” whispered Bryce softly.
Sighing, I opened my eyes and found Bryce staring down at me. His dark wavy hair was damp and he wore nothing but a pair of soft, gray lounge pants. I stared at the dragon tattoos on his forearms. They blazed with fire as did something inside of me.
“I just stepped out of the shower across the hall, and heard you crying. I was a little worried.”
“Oh,” I said, sitting up. Remembering that all I had on was a thin tank and boxer shorts, I pulled my blanket up higher. 
He smiled and sat down on the edge of my bed. “Listen, you were really fantastic earlier. It took a lot of courage to do what you did.”
I shrugged. “It wasn’t so bad once I reminded myself that they were already dead.”
Bryce chuckled. “Still, it was pretty impressive.”
“Thanks.”
He brushed a strand of hair away from my cheek. “I think we make a pretty good team.”
I stopped breathing when I gazed into his smoldering blue eyes. Bryce slowly leaned towards me and I felt the heat of his breath on my lips.
“Bryce! Where are you?” hollered Bobby from somewhere else in the house.
Bryce shut his eyes and swore under his breath. “Hold on, Bobby!” he called. 
With my heart pounding frantically, I released a shaky breath.
Bryce opened his eyes and licked his lips. “You know, you’re pretty amazing,” he whispered, staring at my mouth.
“Bryce!” yelled Bobby again.
Bryce groaned with frustration and then stood up. “Coming, buddy!”
When he left my bedroom, I felt a mixture of disappointment and relief. I wasn’t sure how I would’ve reacted if he would have kissed me passionately right here, in my bed. Normally I would have been paranoid about my parents walking in. But things had changed, and at this moment, I didn’t have anyone to answer to.
I got up, slipped a hoodie over my tank top, and pulled on a pair of shorts. I’d slept for almost eight hours; it was well after midnight, and I was starving. 
Sara was feeding Megan dry cereal when I entered the kitchen. “Hi,” I said. Goldie sat at their feet waiting for bits of food to drop.
She looked up and smiled wearily. “Hi.”
“Where’s everybody?”
“Kristie and Hannah are on watch duty, to make sure none of the zombies make it into the house. Kylie, Paige, and Eva are sleeping, I believe.”
I nodded and then sat down next to her at the table. “I’m sorry, Sara; I haven’t even asked if you’d gotten a hold of Kevin.”
She paused for a moment and her eyes filled with tears. “No, my cell phone doesn’t work.” 
I covered her hand with mine. “It’s possible he’s getting the medical attention he was promised by the military.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” she replied looking away.
“If you want, we can go look for him later,” I said.
She wiped her eyes. “You’d come with me?” 
“Of course I would.”
“Mommy, I want to play with Bobby,” Megan demanded.
I tickled Megan’s tummy. “Isn’t it a little late for you to be up playing?” 
Megan giggled and shook her head “no.”
“Her schedule is totally messed up,” said Sara.
“I’m sure. Mine is too,” I replied. “I can watch her if you want to get some sleep. You’re pregnant and need it more than anyone.”
She released a deep sigh. “Would you? I could use some sleep. I’m so exhausted.”
“It’s settled. Go to bed and get some sleep,” I replied with a smile.
Sara gave Megan and I both a hug, then left the kitchen. 
I had a peanut butter sandwich, gave Goldie some fresh water and dog food, then took Megan downstairs so she could play with Bobby, who I figured was probably still awake. What I actually found stopped me cold. Eva was dressed in a skimpy nightgown with her arms around Bryce’s neck and her lips pressed firmly against his.
“Hi, Megan!” cried Bobby who was on the floor playing with Legos.
Bryce turned towards me and sighed.
“Um, I’m sorry,” I said, backing away.
“Cassie,” said Bryce, pushing Eva away. “It’s not what it looks like. She was just thanking me for getting a painful kink out of her neck.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Oh, really?”
Eva’s smile was smug. “Yes,” she said, putting her arm through his possessively. “He has such an amazing touch.”
Shame and humiliation twisted inside of me as I saw them standing together, both of them so damn good-looking. I turned around and left quickly.
“Cassie,” said Bryce, following me up the stairs. “Can you just wait a moment?”
“Listen,” I said turning to him. “You don’t have to explain anything to me, okay? Even if she was coming on to you, there’s nothing going on between us. You’re free to do whatever you want.”
 Bryce grabbed my hand and pulled me towards him. His eyes searched mine. “Really? If I’m free to do whatever I want, then this is it.” His lips came down on mine before I could protest and then the world stopped moving. I felt myself go limp in his arms and as he pulled me in closer, I couldn’t help but kiss him back. A rush of desire swept through me as he held me against the hardness of his body. He moved his tongue into my mouth, caressing and exploring with an urgency that made my head spin. I slid my hands up behind his neck, into his hair and he groaned against my mouth, lighting flames inside of me that I hadn’t known even existed.
“Excuse me?!” 
Kristie and Hannah stood at the top of the stairs scowling at us. We were in the entryway of the split-level, our hands all over each other. I’d never been so embarrassed in my life.
“Um, sorry,” I replied as we broke away from each other. My heart was still pounding madly in my chest.
“You don’t look very sorry,” Kristie said with her hands on her hips. “And you,” she pointed to Bryce, “You definitely don’t look sorry. And please put on a damn T-shirt!”
Bryce smiled and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Since your parents aren’t around, I’m appointing myself as your personal watchdog, young lady. You both better behave yourselves and control your…raging hormones,” she said with a smirk. I knew Kristie though, she wasn’t being totally serious. Although, if she caught us doing anything more than this, she’d have a conniption.
“Whew!” she said, turning towards Hannah and fanning herself with her hand. “After witnessing part of that little interlude, I think I need a cigarette!” 
Hannah chuckled and they both walked into the kitchen.
I glanced at Bryce and the look in his eyes made me blush.
He grabbed my arm. “Hey, this thing between us, it isn’t over,” he said softly.
“Um…I have to…get something to drink,” I said, turning away.
He smiled then released my arm. “I’ll go check on Bobby.
 
Chapter Twenty



Eva strolled into the kitchen as I finished drinking my water. I tried to ignore her but she started talking.
“So, I spoke to my mom,” she said, twirling her hair around her finger.
I turned to her, genuinely happy for her. “That’s great! Where is she?”
“She’s at a Crisis Unit that’s been set up at the St. James Hospital. She’s going to send someone for me as soon as they have things under control.”
St. James is the closest hospital to our home. My mom would’ve taken the injured soldier to that hospital.
“Did she mention if there are there many survivors there?” I asked.
“She said there were less than a hundred right now, but more keep arriving. They’ve set up a security force to hold off all the zombies, but they keep coming as well.”
I grabbed her arm. “Can you call her back?” I had to find out if my mother was there.
Eva sighed. “No, she called me using someone else’s phone. I didn’t even get a chance to talk to her very long.”
“I have to get ahold of someone at St. James. Can you hit redial, and then we can call whoever’s phone she used last? They might be able to tell me if my mom ever made it to the hospital.”
Eva shook her head. “Sorry, it’s not working anymore. I tried texting one of my friends after talking to my mom, and the battery completely died.”
The fact that there were living people at the hospital rekindled my hope. It was possible that my mother was still alive at the hospital.
“Okay, once Sara wakes up, we’re leaving to check on Kevin. Then I’m going to St. James to find my mother.”
Eva shook her head. “Listen, my mom said there are hundreds of zombies surrounding the hospital. They believe the zombies are drawn to the Crisis Unit because the scent of blood is so strong. It’s going to be next to impossible to get through.”
“It’s only going to get worse; it’s now or never. If the zombies are running out of food on the streets, many more will show up at the hospital.”
“I’m with you,” said Bryce, walking into the kitchen, followed by Kristie. “We overheard and I agree; if we wait too long, then we’ll miss our chance to find out if your mom’s alive.”
“I’m coming, too,” replied Kristie, putting her arm around me. “If it wasn’t for you rescuing me and my children from ‘Zombie Dan’, we might’ve never made it out of there. Besides, I want to help you find your mother because she’s also a good friend.”
“What about the others? I don’t want to risk them getting injured. Do you think they’ll be safe here without us?”
“Hannah, Paige, and Kylie can stay here and watch the kids until we get back,” replied Kristie. “They’ll be fine. The zombies haven’t been very aggressive. They’re not even very smart. Unless someone opens the door and invites them in, I don’t think we have anything to worry about.”
Eva touched Bryce’s arm. “I should come, too. My mom’s at the hospital and I’m not spending another night in a daycare.”
I gave her a scathing look. “It beats being alone on the streets where we found you.”
Eva had the decency to look embarrassed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean it that way. I’m just worried about my mom. I’m coming, if that’s okay?”
“Just stay out of trouble,” I muttered.
“Is it okay if I leave Chi Chi here, for now? She seems so happy with Goldie and I can pick her up when it’s not so dangerous out there.”
“Yeah, she can stay,” I said.
Kristie tapped her nails on the counter. “It’s settled then. As soon Sara wakes up, we’ll leave.”
I nodded. “Okay. Let’s go look through my dad’s guns and ammunition. Kristie, can you shoot a gun?”
She sighed. “Well, let me tell you; I can pull a trigger, I just don’t know if I can hit anything with the bullet.”
I bit the side of my lip. “Okay. How about you wait until a zombie gets close enough for you to hit it, but not close enough for it to bite you. Aim right between the eyes and pull the trigger,” I replied.
Bryce rubbed his forehead and sighed. “Maybe we should just let her use the bat.”
“What about me?” pouted Eva as she traced circles on Bryce’s bicep using a perfectly non-chipped fingertip. “What should I do?”
“Just stay out of the way, so you don’t get hurt,” I snapped. I really wanted to hurt her myself right now. It irritated me how Bryce just let her touch him so casually. He was so clueless.
Eva scowled at me then looked at Bryce. “Fine, I’ll just stay close to Bryce. I don’t think I’ve ever been in such capable hands.”
He shrugged. “Considering what we’re up against, I think it’s wise if we all stay close together and be prepared for anything. Every one of us should have some kind of weapon, too, whether it’s a bat, a shovel, or a gun. Which reminds me; Cassie, let’s go look at your dad’s and figure out which ones to bring with.”
“Eva, why don’t you get dressed,” said Kristie, putting an arm around her and guiding her out of the kitchen. “I don’t think your little nightie is appropriate for where we’re going.”
Eva was still wearing her slinky baby-doll nightgown that barely covered her rear. She smiled coyly at Bryce and licked her lips. “Sorry, I didn’t have anything else to wear. I wasn’t planning on doing a slumber party when I packed it. I’ll change it so I’m not a distraction.”
For the love of God, I thought. Why did we have to save her irritating life?
Bryce looked amused but didn’t say anything as he followed me downstairs to my dad’s gun safe; he almost fell over when he saw all the guns.
“Wow. Lucky for us your dad loves firepower,” he said.
“Yes, he’s obsessed with guns,” I replied, pulling out a semi-automatic rifle. I’d never fired the gun but it seemed pretty impressive.
“Have you tried all of these?” Bryce asked picking up different guns.
“Almost; not this one, though,” I said, opening the chamber. “My dad and I go to the shooting range every weekend so I’ve had a chance to try many of them.” 
He took the rifle from me and examined it. “I’ve been around guns all my life, my dad was a cop. Wow, this is an SKS. It’s good for long-range shooting. It will definitely come in handy. Let’s bring it with.”
“So, where’s your dad now?” I asked.
Bryce sighed. “He died about five years ago, trying to stop some asshole from butchering his wife.”
I felt terrible for bringing his dad up. “Wow, I’m sorry. That must have been horrible.”
He nodded. “It was. Good news is that the wife survived a gunshot wound to her chest. It barely missed her heart. They both had little kids at the time.”
“What happened to your dad and the shooter?”
He looked me in the eyes. “My dad made a bad decision that cost him his life. He thought he could stop the husband from killing his wife, all by himself. The negotiator had pissed the shooter off and would no longer answer any phone calls. So my dad snuck into the backyard to try and get in. What he didn’t realize was that the man had hidden surveillance cameras and he was shot before he even made it through the window.”
“I’m so sorry,” I replied softly.
He smiled sadly. “It’s okay. It’s been awhile and I’ve learned to accept it.”
“What happened to the husband?”
“Well, he thought he’d killed his wife and blew his own brains out.”
I shuddered. “How…tragic.”
“Yeah it was pretty tough to handle back then, especially for a fifteen-year-old kid. That’s about the time I really got into the martial arts, to help me focus on something other than my old man’s death.”
“And now you also have a passion for guns like he did?” I asked.
“They’re impressive, what can I say? I still have my dad’s collection, but nothing compared to this assortment. But I still go to the firing range a couple times a month, have friends in the military who keep me up-to-date on the latest gadgets, and I have a magazine subscription to Gun Digest.”
I laughed. “So you’re an expert on both firearms and the martial arts. Kind of a deadly weapon yourself, aren’t you?” 
Bryce smiled wickedly. “I’m an expert on other things as well. Let’s just say I’m not just a fighter, Ms. Wild.”
“Okay, lover boy,” said Kristie, walking down the stairs, an unlit cigarette dangling from her mouth. “Keep your mind on the weapons.”
He saluted her. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Pick out a gun, Kristie,” I said, attempting to change the subject.
Kristie walked over and grabbed a Smith and Wesson handgun. “I’ve shot one of these before at the gun range with Dan. This will do; just load it for me and show me how to remove the safety.”
“Wow, that was easy,” I said.
She nodded and smiled “I’m a no-nonsense kind of gal, Cassie. I just need a gun to shoot and a target that’s less than twelve inches away.”
I shook my head and giggled. 
We loaded Kristie’s SUV with the guns and ammunition. She yawned and stretched her arms. “I’m bushed and it’s still pretty early. I’m going to lie down for a while if that’s okay?”
“Go ahead. You’re driving and we need you alert,” I said.
Kristie left and it was just me and Bryce staring at each other. 
He yawned. “I’d better get some rest, too,” said Bryce. “So…care to join me, Wild?”
It was tempting but I knew it probably meant trouble. “No, I’ve got to watch Megan. You can sleep in my room though. There won’t be any distractions there,” I replied, thinking of Eva.
“Thanks. How about tucking me in?” he asked with a little smile.
I blushed. “Maybe…next time.”
“I’ll remember that,” he said, yawning again. He then brushed my lips quickly with his own and both of us parted, smiling.

 
Chapter Twenty-One


“This is going to be tricky,” said Bryce as we stood in the garage several hours later. There were still a number of zombies stumbling around the driveway and we didn’t want to let them in. “I’m going to have Kristie drive and then I’ll take out any zombies that try to get into the house through the garage.”
“Don’t forget to toss that rotting one out with them too. The horrible smell is starting to get into the basement,” I said.
Bryce sighed. “Fine, I’ll drag it out…if you cover me.”
I nodded my head. “Sure.”
“Okay, are you feeling all right, Sara?” asked Bryce.
Sara looked both frightened and determined at the same time. It had been almost two days since she’d spoken to Kevin and we all knew the chance that he was still alive was pretty slim.
“I’m fine,” she said. “Let’s just do this before I change my mind.” She’d been nervous about leaving Megan but Kristie had reassured her that the zombies would never figure out how to get inside.
“My hair looks so dull,” complained Eva looking at herself in a mirror she’d pulled out of her tote bag. I couldn’t believe she was worried about her hair while we were worried about making it out of the garage alive. Although, truthfully her red hair looked so shiny it was grating.
“You’re hair does not look dull,” replied Kristie. 
“It’s so shiny that I’m sure you’ll draw all types of unwanted attention,” I muttered.
Bryce chuckled. “Okay, everyone’s hair in place? Everyone use the bathroom? Noses powdered?”
“Wait, I need my cigarettes!” Kristie said, running back into the house. Seconds later she returned with two packs. “Now, I’m ready for anything.”
“Good thing you volunteered Paige to stay behind,” I remarked.
She shrugged but I didn’t miss the gleam in her eyes.
Everyone got back into the SUV but Bryce and me.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
I nodded. I had the gun out and my hammer in a utility type of belt that I’d concocted from an old leather belt and holster. 
“Wait,” he said, coming towards me. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled me towards him, stealing a quick kiss. He released me and looked into my eyes. “Just in case I don’t get a chance to do that again.”
His words were like a splash of cold water as the reality of our situation set in. We were heading right into serious danger again and it was more than feasible that any of us could be killed by a zombie. 
“Hey, Bryce,” sighed Kristie from the truck. “They don’t have any more like you at home, do they? Cause I got to tell you…”
I chuckled. I knew Kristie was a hopeless romantic and it wouldn’t be long before husband number three would be in the mist. If there was anyone left.
Kristie turned towards the back of the SUV and snapped, “Oh, Eva, would you just chill the hell out.” I knew then that Eva must not have enjoyed the kiss as much as I did.
“Okay,” Bryce said, raising his gun and walking towards the garage door opener. “Get ready, everyone.”
Kristie started the engine and rolled up her window. 
Bryce pressed the garage door opener, grabbed the dead zombie by its clothing, and started dragging him towards the opening. When the garage door was all the way up, Kristie pressed firmly on the gas and backed out, crushing two zombies who were staring stupidly at the SUV. I ignored the now-familiar bone crunching and moaning of the zombies and began firing my gun at the new ones coming toward us.  
“Behind you, Bryce!” I yelled as dead and rotted Mr. Hendrickson appeared behind Bryce. 
Bryce snapped his head back, hitting the zombie in the forehead. He turned around, kicked it in the stomach, then blew off Mr. Hendrickson’s slackened zombie face. Bryce scowled and brushed off the back of his head, trying to remove zombie brain particles.
I shuddered. “That was…so nasty.” 
“To your left!” hollered Bryce.
The crazy old lady from up the street was snarling and coming right at me. She’d always been a cruel and hateful woman, screaming at anyone who’d ever gotten too close to her yard, and God forbid if you should accidently kick a ball onto her lawn. She wouldn’t just keep it; she’d destroy it while you watched, smiling smugly and daring you to say anything. Needless to say, my mom had weathered many heated arguments with the old broad and I still couldn’t stand her, dead or alive.
“Sorry, Hazel,” I said, raising my gun, “but your days of being a bitter old bitch are now over.”
Hazel growled angrily and then fell backwards as the bullet entered her rotting skull. 
We killed the last two zombies trying to get into the garage, then closed it and jumped into the SUV.
“Those things smell awful! God, I could smell them from inside the truck,” complained Eva.
“That reminds me,” I said, pulling out the small jar from my pocket. “Vicks, anyone?”

~~~

Zombies must have been waking up all over the city because even the rural areas were plagued with them. 
“I had no idea,” whispered Sara, staring out the window in horror.
The streets were like obstacle courses and it was difficult to navigate the SUV around both the abandoned cars and zombies. Fortunately, most of the zombies ignored us, staggering aimlessly with no real apparent destination. 
“Watch out!” said Bryce as a zombie stepped in front of our moving vehicle. 
Kristie cringed in revulsion as the zombie bounced off the front grill and over the hood. “That was…unpleasant,” she muttered, grasping the steering wheel a little tighter.
We drove past the karate studio and noticed the large plate-glass window in the front was smashed. Zombies wandered around the entire mini-mall, shuffling through broken glass…paper debris…and other dead zombies.
“I hope Master Jordan survived,” I said.
“Well, I know he didn’t get the vaccine,” replied Bryce. “Neither did Mae; both of them are into natural herbal remedies. I’d bet anything that he’s alive somewhere. He’s definitely one guy who’s not going down easily.”
“He’s a great guy. I hope you’re right,” I said.
Sara’s place is located in a newer development where many of the homes are still under construction and thankfully, we didn’t run into any zombies.
“Listen, Kristie and Eva; honk if you see any zombies approaching.”
“Okay,” replied Kristie. She picked up the Smith and Wesson and placed it on her lap.
“Can’t I come with?” asked Eva.  
“No, it’s too dangerous. You’re much safer in here,” he replied. 
It wasn’t the answer she was looking for. “Fine,” she sniffed.
“Let’s go, I can’t wait anymore,” said Sara. She opened the door and jumped out of the SUV. Bryce and I got out and followed her to the front door.
Sara pulled out her keys, but the door was unlocked. “Kevin?” she called, opening it. “Kevin, it’s me, Sara!”
The house was eerily quiet when we entered. Like my house, it was a split-level, but much larger and newer. 
Sara tossed her keys onto a new granite counter and turned to us. “The bedroom is upstairs. He’s probably sleeping,” she said.
We followed Sara upstairs where there were three bedrooms and a bathroom. One of the doors was shut and that’s where she headed.
Bryce grabbed my arm. “Be ready,” he said into my ear. 
I nodded as we followed her into the master bedroom. The room was huge with a built-in fireplace and cozy chenille chaise off to one side of the room, a private bathroom with a built-in whirlpool bath on the other. It was the nicest bedroom I’d ever been in considering its current state. Discarded clothing, used tissues, and empty food containers lay scattered all over plush carpeting.
“Oh, God,” moaned Sara, staring at the bed.
 
Chapter Twenty-Two



We followed Sara to the large maple sleigh bed where Kevin lay. As we gathered around the bed, she let out a sigh of relief. 
“He’s just sleeping,” she said quietly, brushing the sandy brown hair from his eyes.
I turned to look at Bryce, who was frowning. He pulled me aside.
“Do you smell that?” he whispered.
I nodded; it was a smell I was getting all too familiar with.
Sara sat on the bed. “Kevin? Sweetheart, wake up. It’s me, Sara,” she said softly. She grabbed his hand and squeezed it.
I took a step closer to the bed and noticed that Kevin’s face was gaunt, his lips pale and dry. There was movement under his eyelids, as if he was dreaming.
“You’re so cold,” Sara mumbled, touching his forehead. She stood up and lifted a goose down comforter from the floor that must have fallen. She spread it around him on the bed and tucked the edges under the mattress. 
My heart was hammering in my chest. To me, he didn’t look like he was sleeping; he looked stiff and white, like a corpse. I cleared my throat. “Sara, maybe you should step back.”
She shook her head vehemently. “No, I know what you’re thinking. He’s just sleeping, Cassie. He…he’s…fine.” She glanced at me and I could see that her eyes were brimming with tears.
“What’s that?” I asked, grabbing a piece of paper from the nightstand. At the top of the page were the words Vaccination Side Effects. It listed the typical side effects of a regular flu shot. I showed it to Sara, who turned very pale.
“No…he didn’t get the vaccination. I don’t understand,” she said, scanning the flyer. She looked up and shook her head. “This just doesn’t make sense.”
Bryce took it from her and examined it. “Didn’t you mention the military was sending someone from their medical staff to check on him? They could have given it to him then.”
A deep moan escaped Kevin’s lips and his eyes slowly opened. 
“Oh, God,” I whispered, putting my hand over my mouth. Kevin’s eyes were blood-rimmed and cold as death. They stared emotionlessly at Sara, who appeared oblivious to the truth.
“Hi,” she whispered, smiling down at him. She stroked his hand.
“Sara, don’t touch him,” demanded Bryce, pulling her away. 
Kevin sat up and began making deep guttural noises. He started flailing his arms around and greenish-red foam bubbled from his mouth. 
“No, Kevin,” she moaned, trying to reach out for him. “I’m here for you, honey.” 
Bryce grabbed Sara and pulled her away just as Kevin lurched towards her, making hideous smacking noises with his mouth. When he noticed that he’d missed her, he let out an alarming screech that made the hair stand up on the back of my neck.
“Leave me be, Bryce!” Sara screamed as he tried to push her out of the bedroom. She eventually broke free and then rushed back towards Kevin, who was beginning to growl at her like rabid animal. She took a step back and stared at him in horror.
“He’s a zombie now, not Kevin,” I said.
Tears streamed down her face as Sara stood staring at the man she’d fallen in love with. He was now just an animated corpse, devoid of any human emotion. Shaking her head in sorrow, she raised her gun and pointed it at his face. “Oh, God,” she cried, her hands trembling. “I…I…can’t do it.” I watched in horror as she dropped the gun, leaving herself vulnerable to the zombie, who was prepared to leap at her.
“Watch out, Sara!” I yelled, raising my gun. 
 Kevin lunged towards her, his mouth open and arms outstretched. Before he reached Sara, there was a loud explosion and he was blown backwards by the impact of Bryce’s bullet.
“No!” screamed Sara as he fell to the ground, blood streaming out of the large hole in his skull. She rushed over to him and lifted his hand to her cheek.
I knelt down next to her. “Sara, it wasn’t Kevin anymore,” I said softly. “His soul wasn’t there. He was gone before we even got here.”
She looked at me, her eyes full of misery. “Do you think that makes it easier? Two days ago, I left him here to die, alone. If I would have listened to my heart and stayed with him, he’d still be alive.”
Bryce stepped towards her and touched her shoulder. “No, if you would have stayed here with Megan, both of you would have been killed. You didn’t even know about the side effects of the vaccine until it was too late. Kevin would have probably still received it and you’d be dead, along with Megan and your unborn child.”
Sara touched her belly and lowered her eyes. “Maybe, but he’s still gone and I don’t know if I will ever forgive myself,” she said huskily. Sara stood up and took one last look at Kevin before she hurried out of the room.
 
Chapter Twenty-Three


The ride to the St. James Hospital was very solemn. Kristie didn’t ask any questions and even Eva had the sense to keep her mouth shut. 
Zombies were everywhere and they were getting more violent. Older and newer ones wrestled each other, trying to feed. It was maddening to watch. I closed my eyes to block out as much horror as I could as we drove. I’d seen enough in the last couple of days to give me nightmares for the rest of my life. 
As we neared the hospital, I prayed silently that my mother was alive. She’d been armed with a gun but I still didn’t know if she’d been attacked by the soldier she’d been trying to save or someone else. I was tearing my hair out to know the truth, and soon I’d be closer to it.
When we finally approached the hospital’s parking lot, it was crawling with zombies. Most of them wandered around in a muddled state, not doing much of anything. Others, who appeared more grotesque and rancid from decomposing, acted like rabid dogs. I watched in horror as they also attacked each other.
“This is totally revolting,” whispered Eva, turning green. 
I couldn’t agree with her more; it was worse than any horror flick I’d ever watched on television, and it was real. Blood and body parts covered most of the pavement of the hospital parking lot. It was like a bloody aftermath of an explosion, only this devastation was much more than any of us could have ever imagined.
“Careful on the left,” pointed Bryce. A group of zombies were snarling and tearing each other apart. Thankfully, they hadn’t quite taken notice of us yet.
“Jesus,” mumbled Kristie as the SUV struck a zombie who’d stepped into our path. The sound of the zombie’s corpse crumbling under the tire made me gag. “Sorry, this isn’t easy, driving through this shit.”
“Kristie, you’re doing fine,” reassured Bryce.
He was right. There really was no way to avoid driving over the gore in the parking lot. The sound of bones crunching and loud thuds was enough to drive me mad. “Do you have any music? CDs?” I asked Kristie.
“Hey, great idea! In the back, under the seat,” she said. 
I pulled out her CD collection, which consisted of a lot of older bands. I pulled out a CD of Metallica, which seemed appropriate for the moment.
“Haven’t heard this one forever,” she said. She stuck it in and the sound of heavy metal blared through speakers.
Eva scowled. “Don’t you have anything else?” 
“It beats the sound of bones smashing under the tires,” I said.
Eva scowled and looked out the window.
We were going very slowly towards the hospital entrance and some of the zombies were starting to take notice. Before I could say anything, two zombies rushed the side of the SUV and started scratching at the darkened windows. 
“Can’t you go faster?” cried Eva as one of them stared at her through the window. It let out a horrendous screech and Eva practically jumped out of her seat.
“Sorry, I wish I could,” said Kristie, her hands tight on the wheel.
We were going very slowly, in fact some of the zombies were staggering faster than we were driving.  
“Shit,” muttered Kristie as more zombies began surrounding the truck.
“Can’t you shoot them?” whined Eva.
“No, we aren’t wasting our bullets on hundreds of zombies too stupid to even find a way in here. We need ammunition for when we’re on foot,” I said.
“Bryce, how in the world are we going to get into the hospital when they’re following us this close?” asked Sara.
“Look,” I said, pointing to the emergency entrance. “There are some people with guns getting ready to do something.”
As we got closer, about five military soldiers ran outside of the emergency doors and started picking off the zombies that were following us. As we got closer, one of the men motioned us over to a separate ambulance entrance, big enough to drive the SUV into. Once inside, they closed the door and approached us cautiously.
“Have any of you been vaccinated lately?” asked a tall, humorless-looking soldier holding a gun.
“No, sir,” replied Bryce, raising his hands in the air. “None of us have.”
The soldier nodded and then introduced himself. “I’m Captain Brent Lufkin. Does anyone here need medical attention?” he asked, looking specifically at Sara who’d stepped out of the truck holding a hand over her protruding belly.
“No, not yet anyway,” said Bryce. “We’re here to try and locate a couple of people.”
“Really, who?” asked the Captain.
I spoke up. “Veronica King, the news anchor, and my mother, Kristen Wild.”  
“Well Veronica King left a couple of hours ago to help pick up some survivors who’d radioed in. She should be back within a few hours. Got to say, that woman surprised the hell out of me. She’s as tough as nails.”
“What about Kris Wild? Have you seen her?” interrupted Bryce. “She’s fairly tall, light brown hair, somewhere in her forties. She would have arrived with a wounded soldier.”
He shook his head. “Kris Wild? Sorry, it just doesn’t sound familiar but you’re welcome to take a look around,” he said. “We have over one hundred survivors. Most of them are staying close to each other in the children’s wing of the hospital. Come on, I’ll show you.”
The hospital had generators, so luckily there was electricity. As we neared the children’s wing, I noticed many of them eating warm meals and talking quietly to one another. Surprisingly, there weren’t many children around.
“I wonder what happened to the children that were in this wing of the hospital,” I said softly
He shrugged his shoulders. “Not sure.”
The captain turned to me. “Most of the children that were already staying in the hospital received the vaccines. We had to place them in special holding cells so they wouldn’t harm anyone.”
“They’re still here?” asked Kristie.
He nodded. “Yes, they are. Unfortunately some of them are getting so violent that we can’t get near them without the risk of getting bitten.”
I shuddered. “You’re just keeping them locked up until they die?”
“On the contrary, we’re studying them to find out if we can halt the process or find an antidote. We’ve had some communication from the CDC in Atlanta,” he replied.
“There are still researchers left from the CDC?” I asked in shock. “I would have thought they’d all gotten the vaccine.”
“Not all of them agreed with vaccinations either,” he replied, “lucky for us.”
 “Do you mind if I take a look around?” I asked him. “I need to find out if my mother ever arrived. Maybe someone else saw her.”
“Go ahead, I’ll ask around for you, too. Don’t forget to check some of the private patient rooms,” he replied.
We all split up and began asking around. Bryce said he’d check some of the patient rooms in Urgent Care. Curiously enough, Eva volunteered to tag along with him and he reluctantly agreed. I trusted him but there was no way in hell I was going to allow her back home with us later. I crossed my fingers that Veronica would come back soon and take her daughter off our hands.

~~~

I started checking the rooms in the children’s units, hoping beyond hope that maybe my mom was there, resting. Unfortunately most of them were unoccupied and the few that had people in them hadn’t heard anything about my mother, so I decided to venture farther away from the children’s unit. As I approached the birthing wing, I heard a man talking in one of the rooms. The tone of his voice sounded familiar and my heart skipped a beat. I rushed towards the sound of his voice.
“Ever hear of knocking first?” drawled the soldier, who was on his cell phone. He wore only a pair of army pants and a bandage around his shoulder.
“Austin!” I cried. “Thank God! I’m so glad to see you.”
A huge smile lit up his face. It was the soldier my mother had rescued! Words couldn’t express the joy I was suddenly feeling. If he wasn’t a zombie, she had to be still alive, somewhere. 
“How in the world did you make it here?” he asked, hanging up his phone.
“I got a ride,” I said, looking around. “Where’s my mother?”
The smile on his face fell away and he sighed. “She’s not here.”
“I see that. Where is she? “
“Your mom went for help,” he said.
“Went for help? What do you mean?” I asked, stepping closer to him. 
“She went to find special help for your sister.”
My heart soared. “My sister? She’s here, somewhere? I don’t understand. Where are they?”  
He shook his head. “Not anymore, they’re both gone. You’re mom picked up your sister from her girlfriend’s house yesterday, and they ran into some trouble coming back; zombie trouble. Here,” he said, walking over to the counter where he lifted a piece of paper. “She wrote you this letter. I was going to try and get it to you.”
I snatched it from his hands. My own began to tremble as I read the letter.

Dearest Cassie,

I pray that you get this letter and you are okay. I’ve tried calling you but I realize the power is out everywhere and your cell phone is more than likely dead. I have Allie; I picked her up as soon as I found out about the zombies. When I finally found her, she’d been attacked and wasn’t doing very well. She had a high fever and her body was racked with seizures, it was very frightening. I quickly brought her back to the hospital where they were able to finally lower her fever, but there was nothing more they could do for her. They suspect she is turning into one of those creatures now and suggested that I bring her to Atlanta, where scientists are working on an antidote. They even let us catch a lift with their medevac helicopter unit. And that’s where we’re heading now. 
I hope that you’re safe and that you get this letter. I love you so much and I wish I could be with you right now. But your sister is very sick, and I have to do everything I can to find help for her. I have to try and save her. I know you’ll understand, my Wild One.
All my love,
Mom
P.S. I will try and contact you when I’m in Atlanta. Try and get your cell phone charged if you can. I have been given one to use by the Army and will keep trying to call you.
 

Chapter Twenty-Four


I closed my eyes and released a heavy sigh. Although I was relieved that both my sister and mother were alive, I held no illusions of there being a happy ending in all of this, especially if we were still separated and my sister was turning into a zombie. 
“Now what?” I mumbled to myself. I sat down on a stool and put my head in my hands.
“I reckon you could just stay here and wait for your mother to call,” he replied.
I lifted my head and faced him. “No, I have to get back home with my friends. Besides, there are so many zombies attracted to this place, seriously, I don’t feel all that safe here.”
Austin nodded his head. “Okay. Well then I’m coming with you.”
I stood up. ”What do you mean…you’re coming with me?”
He knelt down next to me and placed his hands upon my shoulders. His eyes reminded me of warm caramel. “Your mother saved my life. If it wasn’t for her, I don’t know what would have happened. I made a promise to her that I’d find you and help protect you. I’m not breaking that promise.”
I pulled away. “Thanks, Austin, but I can take care of myself. I made it here, didn’t I?”
He shrugged. “Well, yeah you did. But you haven’t made it out of here alive just yet. Come on, Cassie, let me help you. If anything, I can help you get in touch with your mom. I know where they’ve taken her.”
My eyes narrowed. “What about your family? Don’t you have anyone at home that might need you?”
Austin smiled and folded his arms across his chest. “Well, darlin’, my family lives in Texas and it doesn’t look like I’ll be traveling there anytime soon. In fact, I just radioed my brother and they’re together and holding up okay, so far. So, the answer is no, there’s nobody who needs me at this moment as much as you do.”
I pointed. “What about your shoulder?”
“It’s doing better. They stitched it up and it’s tender, but I’ll survive.”
“I thought for sure you were bitten by a zombie.”
He shook his head. “I was shot; a woman. I don’t know, she may have thought I was a zombie.”
I rubbed the back of my neck. “Well, if you want to tag along, I guess that would be okay. We could always use an extra shooter.”
Austin smiled and I found myself returning it. With his southern drawl, blond hair, and rugged good looks, he actually reminded me of some cowboy I’d watched on television as a child. One I’d had a small crush on.
“Excellent. I’ll just find the rest of my clothing and we can shoot out of here.” 
“Austin?” I said, trying to swallow the lump forming in my throat. “How was my sister when you last saw her?”
His eyes clouded over and he took my hand. “She was struggling, I can tell you that.”
I looked down so he wouldn’t see the tears in my eyes. “I hope they can help her. I don’t know what I’ll do if I lose either of them.”
He lifted my chin up and stared into my eyes. “Your mom’s a fighter, you’re obviously one, too. If Allie takes after either of you, then the odds are in her favor.”
I nodded but the tears still escaped, the enormity of my family’s situation was overwhelming.
Austin wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close. “Shh…it’ll be okay. We’ll find a way to contact your mom. Shit, if I have to take you to her myself, I will.”
“Cassie?” interrupted Bryce as he walked in the door with Eva trailing close behind. 
I moved away from Austin and brushed away my tears. “Um, this is Austin. He’s the soldier my mother had rescued.”
Bryce frowned. “Okay? So, where is she?”
I explained everything that Austin had told me. When I told Bryce that he’d be joining us, he shook his head. 
“No, he should stay here. The zombies are getting pretty out of hand out there. They need soldiers to protect the crisis unit.”
“Sorry, but I’m coming with y’all. I made a promise to Kris that I’d find a way to keep Cassie safe, and I’m not going back on my word.”
Bryce and Austin stared at each other and you could cut the tension in the air with a knife. 
“Well, I think that’s a great idea,” said Eva as she stepped next to Bryce. She looped her arm through his. “We need all the help we can get fighting off those zombies.”
I scowled at Eva. “We? You’ll be staying here. You don’t have to worry about fighting zombies, not like you helped much anyway.”
Eva glared at me. “You don’t have to be such a bitch.”
My mouth dropped open and before I could show her how much of a bitch I could really be, Bryce interrupted. “Eva’s coming with us. Her mother’s been bitten and they’re flying her to Atlanta, too. She has nowhere else to go, Cassie.”
A wave of guilt rushed through me. “Oh, I’m sorry, Eva. I didn’t know.”
Eva shrugged her shoulders and looked away.
“Well, why doesn’t she just go to Atlanta to be with her mom?” I asked Bryce.
“They said she couldn’t. They are quarantining all bite victims,” he replied. “They won’t even allow her near Veronica to say goodbye.”
“Oh, well she should stay here so they can keep her updated on her mom’s condition.”
Bryce shook his head. “The zombies are getting too out of hand for this small group. It’s not safe to stay here anymore. In fact, we’d better get moving now before we end up getting stuck here.”
Just then Kristie and Sara walked in. “Oh, thank God you guys are here. Look, we have to get out of here…now,” said Kristie. “The zombies are either getting smarter or their just plain lucky. They’ve broken through the entrance now and the soldiers won’t be able to hold them off too much longer.”
Austin pulled on a T-shirt. “Let’s get going,” he said. “I’ve got some grenades, we might need them.”
Kristie smiled at Austin. “Well hey there, soldier. I take it you’re the newest member of our team?”
He shrugged. “I’m just coming along to protect Cassie. I made a promise her mother.”
Bryce scowled. “That’s very noble but she doesn’t need your protection, she has me.”
Austin nodded towards Eva. “Looks like you already have your hands full with that one.”
Bryce took a step away from Eva and folded his arms across his chest. “We’ve done fine without you.”
“Hello? Guys, I can protect myself,” I said, walking towards the door.
The two men stood glaring at each other, neither of them saying anything.
 Kristie snorted. “Okay, everyone, time to leave. The testosterone in this room is going to either make me go nuts or grow a pair; frankly I don’t want to do either.”
I walked out the door and started towards the location of our SUV. Sara and Kristie caught up with me quickly.
“Men, you can’t kill ‘em…unless they try and eat your brains,” said Kristie with a wry grin.
I stopped walking and turned to Sara and Kristie. “I just wanted to say thanks to both of you. I know each of you lost your husbands and yet you’ve still found the strength to help me try to find my mom. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
We were still hugging each other when Eva, Bryce, and Austin caught up.
“You boys work it out?” asked Kristie, pulling away. 
Bryce shrugged and Austin smiled. “Nothing to work out, darlin’. I’m coming with whether Billy likes it or not.”
“It’s Bryce,” he muttered, walking ahead of him.
“Southern boys,” said Kristie as we started walking. “I once had me a cowboy. Oh, the things he could do with that rope…”
 
Chapter Twenty-Five


There were several dead zombies lying around as we neared the parked SUV. Three of the soldiers were repairing the glass on the door where the zombies had broken through.
“You guys leaving?” asked one of them. “Through this mob?”
“Yes,” replied Bryce.
“Well, they are getting pretty damn restless out there,” said the soldier. “Be careful.”
We got into the SUV and the soldiers reluctantly opened the garage door. Kristie was in the driver’s seat again so that Bryce would have his hands free to shoot, if needed. Bryce sat next to her with his gun ready.
“Damn, those zombies stink,” muttered Austin sitting close to me.
“Vicks works wonders,” I said, handing out my jar. 
He nodded in approval and rubbed some under his nose. 
“Look! Sweet Jesus, they’re getting in,” said Eva as two zombies barreled through the garage door before it was closed all the way. The soldiers shot them in the head and they dropped. 
Bryce opened his window and shot two more that tried sneaking in. 
“You have a gun, cowboy?” Kristie asked Austin.
“Lost it a couple days ago. I found a couple of grenades, though,” he said, holding them up in the air.
“Careful driving,” mumbled Bryce.
Zombies were definitely getting more ferocious as we drove through the parking lot. The smell of blood was drawing more of them towards the hospital and now there were hundreds attacking each other. 
“How in the hell do we get out of here?” growled Kristie.
“I guess now is as good of time as any,” said Austin as he opened up his window and leaned out. “Get ready.”
He launched the grenade at a crowd of zombies blocking our path. Less than ten seconds later, body parts were falling from the sky and landing on the SUV. 
“Drive!” yelled Bryce. 
Kristie hit the gas and we drove over the remaining mutilated zombies, all of us bouncing around in the SUV.
Eva closed her eyes. “Lord help us,” she said softly.
Another group of zombies were coming straight for us and Austin threw another one, clearing the path yet again with a loud explosion.
“Yes! Well, thank God Austin decided to come with us. Otherwise we’d of had a hell of a time getting through these bastards,” said Kristie.
Bryce looked out the window and mumbled something expletive. 
When we finally made it out of the zombie-infested parking lot, I wanted to scream for joy. But I knew we weren’t out of danger yet. Zombies were still wandering the streets, looking more aggravated and alert than ever.
“What’s going on with these guys?” asked Kristie. “They seem like they’re in some kind of frenzy or something.”
“They are,” said Austin. “They need blood to sustain, and if they don’t get it, they actually become more violent and ferocious. Once they start to lose more of their body mass, though, they’ll eventually slow down. 
“Great,” I sighed. 
“What makes you an expert on these things?” asked Bryce.
Austin shrugged. “Bits and pieces of things I’d heard from other soldiers. They’ve been studying their behaviors.”
“Do they know for sure if you’ll turn into one if you’re bitten?” asked Eva.
He nodded. “They believe you will. Some of the people who’ve been bitten are showing signs of very erratic behavior, similar to the zombies. Some have just…died,” he said, his voice getting quieter as he glanced at me.
I looked out the window and sighed heavily. It sounded pretty hopeless for my sister. I was thankful that my mom was with her, but I could only imagine the agony she was going through in Atlanta. I only wished I could get out there somehow so she wouldn’t have to face it alone.
When we’d finally made it back to my house, everything seemed surreal. There weren’t any zombies wandering in the neighborhood or even the yard, just a shiny black GMC Sierra parked in our driveway.
“Were you expecting company?” asked Bryce, getting out. 
I shook my head and ran up the steps. As I put my hand on the doorknob, it burst open and I gasped in surprise.
“Daddy!” I screamed, jumping into his arms. 
“Oh, thank God,” he replied, holding me tightly. 
“Where’ve you been?” I cried.
He put me down and grimaced. “It’s a long story. Let’s just say the traffic was bad coming home.”
I smiled and wiped the tears from my face.
“Did you…did you find anything out about your mom or sister?” he asked sadly.
We went inside and I told him everything I knew while he sat in silence. When I was finished he didn’t say a word, he just stood up and went downstairs.
“He needs some time,” said Kristie softly.
I nodded. “If you don’t mind, I’m going to my room to be alone for a while.”
Bryce squeezed my hand as I stood up. “Let me know if you need me, Wild.” 
On my way to my bedroom I stopped in the kitchen for some water. Eva was sitting alone at the counter, staring at her clasped hands. She looked up. “Oh, it’s you. Tell me, what…what do we do now?” she asked, her face a mess of tears and make-up.  
I was about to respond when my dad stepped into the kitchen. He was dressed in military camouflage and carrying two very impressive rifles that I’d never seen before. The determined look in his eyes gave me the chills.
“What next?” he asked, setting the guns down. “We go find them, all of them.” 
“But is it safe?” I breathed.
He looked at me. “Cassie, we’re a family and I won’t be apart from any of you, ever again. We’re going to Atlanta as soon as possible.”
“Really?” I asked.
“Oh yes,” he said, a half-crazed look in his eyes. He lifted one of the guns back up and smiled humorlessly. “Let the games begin…”


***



End of Book One
Book Two – Running Wild Available Now!

 
Venom
Venom

(A Night Roamers Short – Slade and Chelsey’s Story)

By

Kristen Middleton
 



Copyright©2013 Kristen Middleton

 The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author.

 

 
Prologue


The music in the club was beginning to give her a headache, but Melody ignored it. She was about to go to an after-party with the band members of Venom, who’d just finished their last encore at Club Nightshade. She was also pretty confident that if she played her cards right, she’d be in the lead vocalist’s arms before dawn. 
Slade. 
Just thinking about him made her tingle all over. Damn, the guy was hawt and had a voice that made her want to jump his bones. With those hypnotic green eyes, and that sexy infamous half-smile of his, she knew she wasn’t the only girl lusting after him in the club. But she’d definitely mastered the skill of flirting and had eventually gotten Slade’s attention. She’d done the pouty lip thing and made sure he’d gotten an eyeful of cleavage, dancing as close to the stage as possible, twerking with her girlfriends until every guy in the club had been drooling. It had obviously worked, because she’d gotten a note from one of the waitresses with an invite to some party being hosted by the owner of the club, complements of the band. Thankfully, she’d gotten the fake I.D. the week before or there was no way she’d have been able to step inside of the club, let alone party with the band afterwards.   
Leaning forward, she applied another layer of dark cherry gloss to her lips, and then fluffed out her long blond hair. She stood back and smiled, recalling how Slade’s eyes had been transfixed on those same lips. Obviously, he liked the rich crimson color.
“You ready to go, Melody?” asked her best friend Taylor, who was frantically texting someone on her phone. “It’s getting late and I told Ricky I’d stop by after we left the club.” She looked up and giggled. “Booty call, baby.”
“What about us?” asked Veronica, looking pissed. “I thought we’d agreed that I was staying at your place tonight, Taylor?”
“You’re welcome to wait in the car.  It won’t take long,” she replied. “He’s like a jack-hammer.”
Melody and Veronica looked at each other, and then burst out laughing.
Taylor bit her lower lip. “Actually, now that I think about it, I’m not in the mood for thirty seconds of Ricky. You know, I’d almost rather go eat somewhere. We could go back to that diner up the street. Remember how awesome their food was last time we went?”
Veronica’s eyes lit up. “Ruth’s? Girl, I’m starving. Let’s do it.”
“Uh… sorry. I can’t, guys,” said Melody. “I’m meeting someone.”
Taylor raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean? Who?!”
Melody stared at her side-view in the mirror, sucking in her stomach and thrusting out her chest. She was glad she’d worn her new leopard-colored pushup bra with the matching thong. She wondered if Slade liked animal print. “Wish I could tell you, but it’s kind of a secret.”
“Excuse me,” replied Veronica, putting her hands on her hips. “We’re your best friends. You have to tell us!” 
She hesitated, wanting to share the news, but her friends had big mouths. “I can’t. Look, I’ll tell you tomorrow. I just don’t want to blow my chances tonight.”
“Blow your chances? He’s not married or anything, is he?” asked Taylor.
“Please,” replied Melody, rolling her eyes. “I’m not into married guys. I just can’t tell you who it is because I promised not to say anything.”
“That’s just weird,” said Veronica.
“If you knew who it was, you wouldn’t think so,” she replied with a sly smile.
“Are you going to be okay? I feel uncomfortable taking off like this and not knowing exactly what’s up,” said Taylor.
Melody dug into her Louis Vuitton purse and took out a small bottle of perfume. She spritzed some into the air and then stepped into the fruity mist. “Don’t worry about me. Everything is totally cool.”
Veronica studied her face. “He’s not some freak, is he? You know him pretty well?”
Melody smiled. “Of course, and he’s not a freak. Chill out, guys.”
Veronica sighed. “We’re just worried about you.”
Melody zipped up her purse. “Look, I appreciate your concern, but I’ll be fine. Take off and get some breakfast.” She winked. “While I go and get me some dessert.”
Veronica laughed. “Girl, I hear that. Next time get some for me, too. I haven’t had sex since Jerome and I broke up last summer.”
“We know,” said Taylor. “You complain about it at least twice a day.”
“You would too if it wasn’t for the ‘Jack Hammer’,” she replied. 
“Speaking of… maybe I should meet up with Ricky,” said Taylor, biting her lower lip.
“Oh, hell no,” replied Veronica. “I’m not going to be the only one not getting some tonight.”
Taylor laughed. “Fine. I’m sure the food will be more satisfying than thirty seconds of Ricky anyway.”
“Especially if you order the cheesecake again,” said Melody. “Remember how much you loved it?”
“Mm… that’s right. Well, call us tomorrow,” said Taylor, dropping her phone into her satchel. “And give us the dirt.”
“You know it,” she replied, hugging her. Melody turned to Veronica and hugged her as well. “I’ll fill you both in on all the steamy details.” 
“You’d better. But not before noon,” said Taylor. “I’m going to hold you to it.”
After Veronica and Taylor left, Melody glanced at her reflection one more time. 
This time, Slade, you sexy bastard, she thought, you’re going to make me sing. All night long…
Chapter One 

Chelsey


“Chelsey, wake up.”
I opened my eyes and groaned when I looked at the alarm clock. “Mom, I have two more hours to sleep, and I was up late studying. What the heck?”
She switched on the light and stepped closer to my bed.  “Sorry, honey,” she replied, looking grim. “I wasn’t sure if this could wait.”
I rubbed my left eye. “If what could wait?”
She pulled her light blue robe in tighter. “Your Aunt Jody called,” she said. “Melody didn’t come home last night.”
Now that woke me up. “What?” I asked, sitting up.
She sat down on the edge of my bed. “I guess she went out with Taylor and Veronica around eight o’clock last night. That was the last time Jody saw her. She’s just going nuts now and doesn’t know what to do. Have you talked to Melody recently?”
I shook my head. “No. Not since her grad party.”
 The truth was that my cousin and I didn’t always see eye-to-eye. In fact, ever since we graduated last June from high school, we’d barely been on speaking terms. I figured it was because she was still pissed at me after I’d given her crap about sneaking shots of tequila at her graduation party. Afterwards, she’d puked her brains out, but it hadn’t changed how annoyed she’d been at me. I guess that ratting her out hadn’t really helped either. The only reason I’d blown the whistle was because my aunt had backed me into a corner when she’d noticed that her bottle of Patron was missing. I wasn’t very good at lying, and she’d known that. “I’m sure she’s fine,” I said, thinking about all of the other times Melody had pulled stuff. “I mean, she’s eighteen now anyway. She probably crashed at Taylor’s or Veronica’s.” After getting wasted, I wanted to say, but held back.
“Nope. Jody called them. They haven’t seen her since last night.”
I yawned. “Well, where did they go?”
My mom pushed her dark bangs to the side. “They went to over to Shore Lake to go watch some rock band play.”
That was surprising. Although Shore Lake was a tourist spot, it wasn’t exactly known for concerts or live bands. “Where?” 
“I think the place was called Nightshade or something. Anyway, they said she’d told them that someone else was giving her a ride home.”
I’d heard of Club Nightshade, which was in the next town over, but had never actually been there. A lot of the kids in school had raved about the place. Some of them had even snuck in with fake I.D.’s when it wasn’t Teen-Night. Supposedly, you could get anything in that place if you knew who to talk to – drugs, alcohol, even… sex. “I didn’t know they had bands playing there. I thought it was all hip-hop from the radio.”
“I guess not.” She raised her eyebrows. “Have you been to that place?”
I rolled my eyes. “No. It’s definitely not my scene. Besides, who has time for clubs when I barely have enough time for homework and studying?” I was a freshman at U.M.T. and my life was filled with studying, homework, and more studying. I barely had time to sleep or eat. 
She stood back up. “Well, maybe she met a boy…”
I smirked. “That’s what I’m thinking.” Plus, she had a reputation. She went through more guys than I did paper. 
“Well, I just wish she’d answer her mom’s phone calls and texts.”
I decided to lay it on the table for her. “Mom, look, I’m going to be honest – Melody is a major partier. Heck, I know for a fact that last night wasn’t Teen-Night at that place. So, she would have had to have gotten in with a fake I.D. She probably drank and then went home with some horny jerk.”
She scowled. “Well, that certainly doesn’t make me feel any better.”
“Sorry, but even you know that I’m probably right. Did her friends say who was taking her home?”
“No. She wouldn’t say; said it was a secret, but that she’d tell them later.”
I frowned. “Hmm… that’s kind of weird.”
“I know. Taylor seems to think that it might have been one of the guys in the band. I guess she has a crush on the singer, and had been trying to get his attention the entire night.”
“It probably worked,” I said. Melody had to be the prettiest girl in Beaver Creek. With her blond hair, curves, and dazzling smile, she’d always been popular with the guys in school. If she set her sights on someone at the club, chances were that they’d be putty in her hands. 
“Boys in bands are trouble,” she replied. “Obviously, this just proves it.”
“She’s not exactly an angel either, mom. She’s probably in bed with him right now.”
“Chelsey!”
I shrugged. “What? You know it’s true.”
She sighed. “I know. I just don’t want to think about your cousin having sex.”
I crawled back under my covers. “I know, but I wouldn’t worry too much about Melody, mom. If she was crushing on the singer, chances are she’s with him and not thinking about Aunt Jody right now.” 
“You’re probably right. She is eighteen.”
I yawned again. “Just go back to bed, mom. I’m sure she’ll be home in a couple of hours, puking and getting bawled out by Aunt Jody.”
Chuckling, she touched my shoulder. “I’m just glad that you’re responsible and don’t give me or your father problems like that.”
I closed my eyes and smiled. “You’re welcome. Now let me sleep so I can get on with my humdrum life.”
“It’s not humdrum,” she protested. “You’re preparing for the future.” 
I opened up one eye. “Mom, it’s boring. All I do is take tests and study, so that I can take more tests. It’s kind of lame.”
“You really think so? I don’t know, I’d love to go back to my college years,” she replied wistfully. “It’s where I met your father, you know.”
I’d heard the story many times. My mom had played hard-to-get and my dad had pursued her relentlessly, until she’d finally agreed to go out with him. Five years later, they eloped in Hawaii, after she became pregnant with me.  “I know.”
“Just hang in there, Chelsey. We’re proud of you and it’s going to pay off someday. Plus, if you’re going to be a Forensic Investigator, your life will eventually be anything but plain and boring.” 
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
“Well, I’ll let you get back to bed,” she said, squeezing my foot through the blanket. 
 “Make sure I’m up before seven,” I called out as she walked out of my bedroom.
She turned around. “I will. I won’t be able to sleep until I hear from Jody.”
After she closed my bedroom door, I thought about Melody. Growing up, we’d been close, even though she had always been a little bossy. Even at a young age, she’d always known exactly what she’d wanted and used everything she could to get her way. Chances were, my cousin had gotten her way again, tonight, and was getting her freak on with that singer she’d been lusting after. I had to admit, part of me was a little envious.
 

Chapter Two

Chelsey

When my alarm went off a couple of hours later, I dragged myself out of bed and took a hot shower. Wiping the steam from the mirror, I glanced at my reflection – pale skin, long auburn hair, and hazel eyes. I thought I was pretty average, except for the fact that I was barely five-feet and had a hard time finding shoes that fit, because my feet were so small. I wore a size three and had a heck of a time shopping for shoes that didn’t light up or feature a pink pony. 
After I slipped on a blue Henley and khakis, I grabbed a brush and pulled my hair up into a ponytail. When I was finished in the bathroom, I grabbed my backpack and headed downstairs to the kitchen.
“Good morning,” said my mom, who was sitting at the counter, drinking coffee behind her laptop. 
“Morning,” I said, opening up the refrigerator. I cleared my throat. “Heard anything from Aunt Jody yet?”
“She hasn’t heard from your cousin yet.”
I pulled the orange juice out and glanced at her. There were shadows under her eyes and she looked worn out. She’d obviously been up the entire night. “Well, it’s still pretty early.”
She removed her reading glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Yeah, I know.”
“Don’t worry, she’ll show up,” I said, pouring myself a glass of juice. 
“I hope so. You know, it’s dangerous out there in the world, especially for women. A guy could slip something into your drink, follow you home, rape –”
 “Yes, I know,” I cut in. I knew I was being snippy, but I’d already heard it many times before. My mom was a court reporter and after hearing so many horrible cases, she was a little paranoid. “You don’t have to tell me. I’m one of the last people you need to worry about.”
She reached over the counter and squeezed my hand. “Chelsey,” she said, staring into my eyes. “I’ll always worry about you. I’m your mother and you’re a pretty girl. There are a lot of bad people in this world.” She sighed. “I just want you to be safe.”
“I know. I get it, mom,” I said as she released my hand. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m grateful that you worry about me. But, I’m not Melody, okay? I’m responsible and certainly not stupid.”
“You don’t have to be stupid to be a victim,” she replied. “But making the right decisions can certainly help lessen your chance of becoming one.”
I put my glass into the sink and picked up my backpack. “That’s why you don’t have to worry about me. I always make the right decisions.”
“Right,” she said, her hazel eyes sparkling. “Joking aside, I am very proud of you, honey. Just keep doing what you’re doing.”
“I will,” I replied as I walked out of the kitchen. “See you when I get home.”
“Bye, honey.”

***

The day seemed to drag, and by the time I was finished with my biology class, I couldn’t wait to get home. It was Friday and I had a weekend to do four days of homework, but I was used to it and didn’t really care. I was going to take a night off and go to a movie with a friend of mine, Susan. I hadn’t seen her in over two weeks, my brain was mush, and I desperately needed some time away from all things “school”.
“Hey,” I said, walking into the house. I dropped my backpack next to the front door. 
Both of my parents looked up and I could tell from their expressions that something was wrong. 
“What is it?” I asked, surprised that my dad was home so early. Being a bankruptcy lawyer, I never saw him walk in the door earlier than seven.
“Your cousin is still missing,” he said, putting an arm around my mom’s shoulder. “She hasn’t returned anyone’s calls and Jody is frantic.”
I frowned. “Where is Aunt Jody?”
My mom, who was also clearly upset, looked up. “She’s at home. Grandma is with her.”
“Oh.”
 Sighing, she stood up and stretched her arms above her head. “Your dad and I are heading over there, too, pretty soon. Would you like to come with?”
“Uh, sure,” I replied. “I have to call Susan, though. We were going to see a movie tonight, but I’ll definitely cancel.”
“No, don’t cancel,” she said. “You should still go with her. You haven’t gotten out in a while and a movie would be good. Besides, we don’t even know for sure if she’s really missing.”
“Are you sure?” I asked, still thinking that Melody was just being Melody – selfish and irresponsible.  
“Your mother is right,” said my dad, running a hand through his short hair, which was the same color as mine. “This might be nothing to worry about. Chances are that she’ll walk through her front door any minute.”
I glanced at my mother again. “Are you sure? I don’t have to go.”
“Yes. We’ll call you if there really is a problem,” replied my mom.  
“Okay,” I replied, a little relieved. I really didn’t want to be there when Melody got home and was hollered at. She’d probably blame me for her getting into trouble.
Dad looked at his watch. “We should get going. There’s a hockey game I’d like to watch at four. If we’re lucky, we’ll make it there before the game starts.”
My mom’s eyes widened. “Richard!”
He grinned sheepishly. “Sorry, Mary. Hey, it gives me something to do while you guys wait for her to come home.”
“And if she doesn’t?” asked my mom, folding her arms across her chest.
 “I know, I’ll TiVo it,” he said, walking toward the stairs leading to the family room.
My mom smirked and shook her head. “I don’t know what he’d do without cable,” she replied, turning back to me. 
“No doubt.”
“There’s some leftover lasagna from last night in the refrigerator,” she said, picking up her purse from the coffee table. “Unless you’re going to grab a bite to eat before the movie?”
“No. We’ll just eat popcorn.”
“Okay.” She opened up the closet and took out her camel-colored Uggs. “I’ll text you when she comes home, or,” she frowned, “if we find out that she really is missing.”
“I’m sure she’ll be fine. It’s Melody, mom.”
“I know.” She zipped up her boots and then walked over to me. “Have fun at the movies,” she said, kissing the top of my head.
“I will. Look at you in those heeled boots,” I grinned. “You must be five-two now.” 
My lack of height came from my mother. 
“You think so?” she replied, staring down at them.
My dad walked back upstairs. “Oh, I like those, Mary,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows. “Are they new?”
“No, I just never wear them.”
“They’re cute,” I said.
“Cute? They’re sexy. You can wear them in the bed any time you want,” he teased.
“Oh, my God,” I groaned. “You’re gross.”
He laughed and grabbed his car keys from the credenza. “Lock the door when you leave, Pumpkin.”
“I will.”
He turned to me and his face became serious. “Watch yourselves. I’m pretty sure this thing with Melody is nothing to be concerned about, but you and Susan are both good-looking, young girls and… well, there are monsters out there.”
“Yes,” I replied, trying not to roll my eyes. As far as I was concerned, both of them were way too overprotective.
He put his hands on my shoulders and squeezed. “Honey, I know you’re tired of the same old spiel, but you know, being a prosecutor I’ve come face-to-face with some real dirt-bags. The absolute scum of the earth. The worst part is that there are so many out there who have yet to be caught.” His forehead wrinkled. “I just worry about you.”
“Oh, I’ll be fine,” I replied, smiling up at him. “You know me.”
He released my shoulders. “I know I’d beat the living tar out of anyone who ever hurt you. Anyway, just always be aware of your surroundings and make sure you never run out of gas again.”
I shuddered, remembering that freaky night. “I guarantee that will never happen again.” 
He chuckled. “I bet.”
A year ago, I’d run out of gas around ten o’clock at night, on a deserted freeway.  I’d forgotten my cell phone at home, and had ended up walking to the nearest gas station. The road had been dark and spooky, and I’d almost felt like someone had been watching me from the woods. By the time I’d gotten to the station, I’d just called my dad to come and pick me up, too terrified to walk back alone with a canister of gasoline.
“Richard,” said my mother, staring at her watch. “We should get going. I told Jody we’d be there in an hour and… that was over an hour ago.”
“Fine. Can we pick up some tacos along the way?” he asked. “I haven’t eaten since noon.” 
“There’s no time. I can always order a pizza or something when we get there.” She turned to me. “Chelsey, have fun tonight, and don’t worry about your cousin.”
“Okay.”
“Maybe I should go with Chelsey and Susan,” said my dad. “Check out the movie theater. Make sure Melody isn’t hiding out there?”
She pushed him toward the door. “Would you just stop, already?” she said, shaking her head. “You’re coming with me.”
He looked at me over his shoulder and smirked. “I had to try.”
“I know.”
“Maybe you should try harder at being more sympathetic to my sister,” said mom.
 He closed the door before I could hear his response, which I knew would probably make her laugh. I was one of the very few and fortunate who had parents that bickered, but lovingly and forgivingly. I couldn’t say that about many of my friends’ parents or even Aunt Jody. She’d been divorced for ten years after being cheated on, and hadn’t had much luck dating. From what my mom said, her ex-husband had been reckless and out-of-control. He liked to drink, party, and live on the edge, and, obviously, his daughter was hell bent on following in his footsteps.    
 

Chapter Three

Chelsey

After they left, I went upstairs and slipped into a pair of blue jeans, with a thin, cream-colored V-neck sweater. It was near the end of October and the nights were getting frosty. I didn’t mind, though, I loved winter and couldn’t wait for the first big snowfall to hit. My parents owned snowmobiles, and there was nothing better than whipping across freshly powdered fields at night, with the stars twinkling above your helmet. It was such a blast that I’d already decided school wasn’t going to deter me from going out this year. Even if I had to stay up both Friday and Saturday nights, cramming and studying, I’d make time for our Sunday snowmobile excursions. I wouldn’t miss them for anything.
 I took out my ponytail, and straightened it with a flat iron. When I was finished, my hair hung just past my shoulders and looked almost as silky as the models did in those hair commercials. Nodding in approval, I grabbed a tube of mascara just as my cell phone rang.
“Hi,” said Susan. “You almost ready?”
“Yeah. What movie should we see?” I asked, holding the phone against my shoulder as I applied the ebony color to my eyelashes.
“I was thinking about that new superhero one. That guy is so hot.”
“The blonde guy with the hammer?” I asked, thinking that he could definitely get my mind off of Melody.
“Hell yeah.”
I laughed. “What time is the movie showing?”
“Seven-twenty. You don’t mind driving over here, do you? My brakes are acting up. I’m going to bring it in tomorrow morning before work and see what’s wrong.”
Susan was my age and used to live across the street. She’d moved to Shore Lake in the eleventh grade, which was about twenty miles from Beaver Creek, but we’d remained good friends. “That’s fine,” I answered, making a mental note to check my gas situation.
“Cool.” She sighed. “I’m just so glad someone switched with me tonight. I really didn’t feel like working three late shifts in a row.”
Susan was a waitress at Ruth’s Diner. I’d only been there a handful of times, but the food was great and the portions were monstrous. Needless to say, they were always busy. “Hmm… I wonder if I should try and get a job there,” I said. “I could really use the money. Maybe even a couple of hours a week?”
“I could talk to Rosie,” she replied. “I’m sure she’d hire you.”
“Wait, didn’t she just hire that girl, Nikki, recently?” I asked, biting off a hangnail. “I suppose she’s not looking for anyone else, if that’s the case.”
“She was hired during the summer, but I’m telling you, we could still use the help. She’s always short-staffed.”
“That would be really cool. I’d only need a few hours a week and… we’d get to see each other more.”
“Exactly.”
 So, what’s Nikki like?” I asked. “She nice?”
“Very, and her brother, Nathan, he’s kind of a spaz, but adorable.”
I raised my eyebrows. “I didn’t know you had a thing for her brother.” 
“Actually, I forgot to mention it, but we went out a couple of times during the summer. It didn’t really go anywhere. He works so many hours at that marina across the street. Anyway, I heard he’s been hanging out with that girl, Celeste.”
An image of a redhead with perfect skin, a perfect smile, and a perfect body flashed through my head. From what Susan had told me last year, she was also a perfect bitch. “Isn’t her dad the town’s sheriff?”
“Yes. You know, he and Celeste are both kind of weird. She’s actually friends with those guys who used to come in at night and just stare at the other customers, creeping them out. Remember I told you about them? The guys who Amy had said were vampires.”
 I chuckled. “Vampires?”
“Don’t laugh,” she said, sounding serious. “Amy’s ex, Ethan, was part of that group. God, he freaked the hell out of me. I’m just happy he hasn’t been coming around lately.” 
“I still can’t believe that Amy killed herself.”
“Well, you know how I feel about all of that,” she replied. 
I did. Amy Kreger had supposedly committed suicide, but Susan, on the other hand, thought that Ethan had something to do with it. “I know. Let’s hope you’re wrong, and that she really did just kill herself. Didn’t you go out with one of Ethan’s friends?”
“Yeah, Drake. The guy from Australia.” She sighed. “I still don’t know what happened to him. He just kind of vanished, too.”
“Hmm… he didn’t call you or anything?”
“Nope.”
I’d never met Drake, but had heard about what a hottie he’d been. 
“Oh, and get this… before Ethan disappeared, he started hitting on Nikki.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah.”
“What did she do?”
“Well, Nikki was seeing this other guy, Duncan, and I think she blew off Ethan. They’re not together anymore though, either.”
“Nikki and Duncan?”
“Right. She told me that they weren’t even on speaking terms. You know, now that I think about it, their breakup may have had something to do with Ethan.” She paused. “Damn, I want to ask her, but I don’t want to look too nosy.”
I snorted. “Susan, admit it, you are nosy and it’s going to kill you if you don’t find out.”
She laughed.
“Just ask her. If she doesn’t want to tell you, she won’t,” I answered, walking down the hallway towards my bedroom.
“True. God, it’s like one big soap opera.”
“Speaking of soap operas,” I said. “My cousin Melody is missing.”
“What?!” 
I reached into my dresser drawer and pulled out a new pair of white socks. “Yeah, I guess she went to Club Nightshade last night to see some band play.”
“Ah… Venom. I’d heard they were playing last night.”
“Venom?” I’d never even heard of the band.
“They’re from Europe, and are really getting popular. That gal who owns Club Nightshade must have spent a fortune to get those guys to play in Shore Lake. I’ll bet the tickets were outrageous.”
“Huh,” I replied, pulling my socks on. “Well, that’s who Melody went to go see last night. Nobody has heard from her since.”
“Wow. Hey, I heard the main singer, Slade, is a total hunk. I’ve heard him on the radio. If he’s as sexy as that voice of his, I wouldn’t doubt if every girl in town was trying to get in to see him last night.”
“That’s not good,” I replied. “I’m sure a popular band like Venom would attract some real weirdoes.” I sighed. “Great, now I’m worried about Melody.”
“She’s really missing?”
“Well, she never came home last night. I guess I don’t really know.”
“Maybe she’s been partying or something. You told me before that Melody likes to drink.”
“Yeah. That’s what I hope is happening. My aunt is freaking out, though. She says that Melody hasn’t returned her texts or phone calls.”
“Is that normal?”
“She usually returns her texts, I guess.”
“Crap, that’s not a good sign.”
“I know.”
“Hey, do you want to go to the club and find out if anyone knows anything? I’d like to check the place out anyway. I still haven’t been there.”
I raised my eyebrows. “How would we even get in to that place? Tuesdays are Teen-Nights, right? It’s Friday.”
“You forget - I have a fake I.D.”
I grunted. “You know, I think everyone has one of those but me.”
“Eh… it’s not like I use it very much. Curt Hammer made it for me last summer, after he forgot his credit card at home and couldn’t pay for his meal.”
“So, you have a fake I.D. How am I supposed to get in?”
She sucked in her breath. “I know… I know… you can use Katie’s! I still have hers because she’s been too damn chicken to use it. Hold on, I have it in my nightstand, somewhere,” she said. “I talked Curt into making one for her, too. Yep, here it is. Wow, seriously, now that I look at the picture, I just know you could pass for her. No problem.”
Katie was a girl that Susan had graduated with last year, one I’d never met. I bit my lower lip. “I don’t know if this is such a good idea.”
She groaned. “Come on, it’ll be fun. We don’t even have to drink anything; we’ll just ask questions. See if anyone remembers her. You’re the one who’s going to school to become a Private Investigator, right?”
“A Forensic Investigator.”
“Whatever. You know what I mean. Come on, Chelsey, let’s do it! The movie can wait.”
I had to admit, it was an intriguing idea. “Well, maybe we can just stop in for a little while.”
“Yes!” she said. “Like I said, I’ve been meaning to check the place out, but couldn’t find anyone to go with me.”
“Great, now I know the real reason you suggested it.”
“Chelsey! It’s not just that. I want to make sure Melody is okay, too,” she protested. “You know me.”
“I know,” I replied, although I also knew that she and Melody had never really gotten along. But Susan was my friend and had a good heart.
“Oh, I have to find something else to wear. I don’t want to look like a slob. I’m sure there will be some totally hot guys in that place.”
“I’m not dressing up,” I said, looking down at my jeans and sweater. “Just so you know.”
“That’s fine. You know what… I’m not dressing up either. Screw it.”
“What time should I pick you up?”
“Seven. I’m sure there will be a line to get in.”
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll see you then.”
“Cool. I can’t wait to check that place out. Who knows, maybe Melody will be back there.”
“Maybe,” I said, although there was a knot in my stomach telling me otherwise.

 
Chapter Four

Chelsey

When I pulled up to Susan’s house and she got into the passenger side of my car, I smiled wryly. “Not dressing up, huh?”
Tossing her light brown hair, she grinned. “If we’re going to be ‘undercover’, I figured I’d better play the part.”
“We’re not actually ‘undercover’,” I said. “We’re just… investigating.”
She pouted. “Yeah, but it’s more fun pretending that we’re ‘undercover’.”
“Well, I guess in a way we are ‘under-cover’,” I replied in amusement. “I mean we’ll be using fake I.D.s.”
“Which reminds me...” She unzipped her black purse. “Here,” she said, handing me a Montana state driver’s license. “This is you.”
I looked at the picture and my eyes widened. “This says I’m five foot eight.”
She bit her lower lip. “You didn’t happen to wear heels, did you?”
“Even with heels I’m not even close. Dang it.” I tapped my forehead against the steering wheel a couple of times. “Susan,” I said, turning to her. “I hope to God we don’t get arrested for this. My parents would kill me!”
“Relax; they’re not even going to look at your height or weight. All they care about is the year on the license.”
“Let’s hope so.” I looked at the girl in the photo again. I had to admit, she did look similar to me. Sighing, I slipped the I.D. into the front pocket of my jeans. “I just hope they don’t quiz me or anything.”
“You worry too much. Trust me, they won’t.”
I pulled out of her driveway. “Famous last words.”
Giggling, she flipped down the visor and applied lip gloss.  She rubbed her lips together and then flipped the visor back up. “You’re so paranoid.” 
“You should be, too. We’re breaking the law, and obviously, if we get caught, we’re screwed.” 
“Nah,” she said, slipping the tube of lip gloss back into her purse. “We won’t. Nothing interesting ever happens to me. The highlight of my day is counting my tips after I’m done working.”
“I wouldn’t call going to jail interesting.”
“You know what I mean. There is nothing exciting about my life. At least, not at the moment. My job is boring, my clothes are boring, and my love life is also freaken’ boring.”
It was like déjà vu. I’d pretty much told my mother the same thing earlier.
“Your clothes aren’t boring,” I replied, glancing at her sparkly silver sweater and black skirt. 
She smirked. “Yeah, it’s because I borrowed the outfit from my forty-year-old mother. How lame is that?”
I laughed. “Well, your mom has great taste in clothes.”
“She’s single. Single women usually do.”
“You’re single, what’s your excuse?” I teased.
She slugged me playfully. “Bitch.”
“I’m just giving you crap. I’m wearing jeans and a plain old sweater. It’s not exactly exciting either.”
“You’re pretty, though,” she replied. “You could wear anything and the guys wouldn’t notice because of those eyes.”
“My eyes?”
“Yeah. You’ve got cat-eyes.”
“Really?” I asked, glancing at them in the rearview mirror. 
“I’ve told you a million times, your eyes are wicked.”
“Thanks,” I replied. “Although I have to admit, ever since Billy Santino said that my eyes freaked him out in the fourth grade, I’ve been kind of self-conscious about them.”
She snorted. “Please…Billy Santino had a crush on you since the first grade. Your eyes didn’t freak him out, girlfriend. He just had it bad for you. Always did.”
I had to stop my jaw from dropping. Billy had actually turned out to be pretty hot. Well, annoying as all hell, but definitely drool-worthy. “What? How do you know that?”
“Because he told me. Told me he’d always wanted to ‘tap Chelsey’s ass’.”
“Tap my ass?” I burst out laughing. “You’re kidding me?”
“I know… what a pig, huh?”
“I’d say, but seriously, I had no idea he was interested in me.”
“That’s because he thought you hated him,” she replied. “I talked to him at the diner about a year ago and he told me that you used to glare at him all the time in the halls at your school.”
I snorted. “I’m sure I did, because of the comment he’d made about my eyes!”
She laughed.
“Anyway, I would have never gone out with him. Heck, he cheated on Sandy Mayer during the last two years of high school, when they were dating.”  
“Did he really? Well, if I remember she was a royal bitch. She probably deserved it.”
“Nobody deserves it,” I said, although Sandy had been a real snob and we’d never actually gotten along. 
Maybe it was because she knew her boyfriend wanted to tap my ass, I thought, stifling a giggle. 
“They were made for each other,” she said. “They’ll probably get married, have babies, and he’ll cheat on her with bathroom whores at Teddy’s, when he’s supposed to be working late.”
Teddy’s was a seedy strip joint, just outside of Beaver Creek, and known for having broken up a lot of marriages. Rumor had it that many of the strippers would do anything for a twenty, and the place was always packed.
“Yeah, I’ll bet you’re right there,” I replied, pushing Billy out of my mind. I turned on the radio and scrolled through the stations until I found a new song by Maroon Five that I really liked.
Susan reached over, turned it up louder, and began singing with Adam Levine. “He’s so hot,” she said, as the song ended. “I need to buy one of his CDs.”
“Yeah, I love his voice. Uh, here we are,” I said, pulling into the parking lot of the nightclub. I’d driven by it a couple of times on my way to Susan’s, but hadn’t given the place much thought until the last few hours. Now that the mirrored building was lit up with strobe and fluorescent lighting, it was pretty impressive, especially for such a small town in the middle of Montana.  “Looks pretty… swanky.”
Susan fluffed her hair as we parked. “I heard this place gets nuts after midnight.”
I turned off the engine. “Since it’s one of the only clubs around, that doesn’t surprise me.” 
She unbuckled her seatbelt and grabbed her purse. “You ready?”
“I guess so.” I looked at the building again and a knot formed in the pit of my stomach. “You sure we won’t get caught?”
She opened the car door and got out. “Just act confident and you’ll be fine. Come on.”
I slid out of the car and locked the doors. “Okay,” I replied, trying not to chicken-out. She’d obviously done something like this before at other bars, so she knew what she was doing.
Clutching my purse tightly, we walked to the front door and found that there wasn’t a line yet.
“Slow night?” asked Susan, handing the bouncer her I.D. 
“It’s early,” he replied, looking at the fraudulent card.
“True. I know it gets pretty crazy here at night.”
He didn’t reply. 
I stared at him nervously as he looked over her fake I.D. His nametag read “Honi”, and he was bald with a spider web tattoo that wrapped around his neck, and had muscles the size of coconuts on each arm. When he looked up, his dark eyes went directly to mine. 
I smiled innocently.
“You’re next, Cupcake,” he said, handing Susan back her I.D. 
Cupcake?
I cleared my throat and handed him the I.D, our fingers brushing. His skin was unnaturally cool, even for October and the brief contact gave me the chills.
He smiled, a big, toothy grin. “You nervous?” he asked, his eyes glittering in the darkness.
“No,” I answered, trying to look confident, although I was almost peeing my pants. 
He glanced down at the I.D. and then back at me. “Your I.D. doesn’t do you justice, Cupcake.” He smiled and handed me back the I.D. “You’re much better looking in person.”
“Uh, thanks,” I replied, my face turning two shades of pink. 
“You two, behave,” he said. “Or we’ll have to get the whips out, and you don’t want that.”
My eyes widened. “Whips?”
He chuckled and looked at Susan. “She always this gullible?”
Susan smirked. “Only after dark.”
His face became serious. “That’s when you have to be the most careful,” he said. “Especially in this place. Pomaika`i, ladies.”
My eyes widened. “What does that mean?”  
“Good luck.”
His words made the hair stand up on the back of my neck. “Oh.”  
“Uh, thanks,” replied Susan, grabbing my arm and pulling me away.     
I glanced over my shoulder and noticed that he was still watching us. 
Chapter Five 
Chelsey

“That was weird,” said Susan, handing the coat-check girl her jacket. 
“I know. But at least he didn’t say anything about the I.D.s,” I whispered.
She slung her purse over her shoulder. “Exactly. Told you everything would be cool.”
I looked down the hallway leading to the dance area. It was dark and the music was so loud, it made my teeth vibrate. “You ready?” I asked, feeling anxious now that we were inside of the club.  
“Yeah. Should we get a drink?”
“I’m just drinking soda,” I said, wanting to keep a clear head. I’d had a half-can of beer once, and even that had made me dizzy.   
“Suit yourself,” she said. “But I’m having a Cosmopolitan. I’ve always wanted to try one.”
“What is that?”
“It’s a martini.”
“Oh.”
She looped her arm through mine and walked me toward the bar. “We’re undercover, remember? We need to play the part.”
“I can still do that without booze,” I said. “Not everyone drinks alcohol here, I’m sure.”
“Fine, I’ll just tell everyone you’re my sober-cab.”
“Great idea.”
When we entered the main part of the club, I froze in my tracks, amazed at how big the place actually was. Not only did it have two floors, but on the first level, there was an expansive oval bar already crowded with customers, and a dance floor nearby that rivaled my old high school gymnasium. Next to the dance floor was a stage with music equipment from Venom still set up.
“Look.” I pointed at the stage. “I wonder if they’re playing again?”
“The club would have charged us an arm-and-a-leg to get in,” she replied. “Venom doesn’t play for free.”
“I suppose. Too bad. We might have gotten information from them. About Melody.”
“Chances are we wouldn’t have been able to get close to the band, even if they had been playing tonight. I’m sure their security is tight.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you’re right.”
A new hip-hop song began to play. “Come on,” hollered Susan as the volume increased. “Let’s get a drink.”
I followed her to the bar, still paranoid that we were going to get caught and land in jail. 
“Well, hello there,” said a hot bartender with light brown hair, green eyes, and a lazy smile. “Looks like we have some fresh blood here this evening. Excellent. So, what’s it going to be, lovely ladies?”
Susan smiled. “I’ll have a Cosmopolitan.”
“Great choice,” he turned to me. “And what about you? Same?”
I shook my head and ordered a diet soda.
“Sure you don’t want to add a little rum for fun?” he asked, leaning forward with a twinkle in his eyes. 
“No, that’s okay.”
“Suit yourself,” he replied, and then began mixing Susan’s drink.
“So, Brian,” said Susan, staring at his nametag. “I heard Venom was playing last night. Did they put on a good show?”
“It was phenomenal,” he said, shaking her martini in a silver decanter. “Too bad you missed it.”
“Why is their equipment still here?” I asked, nodding towards the stage. “Are they going to play again?”
A guy standing next to me wearing a long, black, leather jacket, turned around. He had dark hair and eyes so blue, they looked like tinted contacts. “Sorry to interrupt,” he said. “They are actually playing a song tonight. Just one.” 
“Really?” I asked, perking up. 
“Yep,” replied the stranger. “It’s the club owner’s birthday and he’s going to sing ‘Happy Birthday’ to her.”
“That’s awesome,” I replied, handing Brian a twenty-dollar bill. “Does she know?”
“No,” he smirked. “So, keep it hush-hush or, I’ll have to kill you.”
Susan snorted. “Really, Ethan? You seriously think that old line is funny?”
My head whipped around. “You know him?” I mouthed.
“Susan, humor is not one of my strong-points, which is why I never attempt it.”
Brian burst out laughing. “Leave it to Ethan to try and freak out the ladies. Don’t listen to him, he loves messing with young girls.”
“So, I’ve heard,” replied Susan, taking a sip of her drink. She licked her lips and set the glass back on the bar.  “I’d also heard that you left town, Ethan.”
He took a sip from what appeared to be a ‘Bloody Mary’. “Is that right. From who?”
“Nikki.”
His face softened. “Nikki... So, is she still working at the diner?”
Susan pushed her hair behind her ears. “I think you already know the answer to that.”
“You’re right. I do. Maybe I should pay her a visit,” he replied, tossing back the rest of his drink. 
I hated tomato juice and watching him slam it down made me shudder.
“So, tell me… do you know where she is right now?” he asked, licking all of the red juice from his celery stick.
“I don’t know. She might be working,” replied Susan, watching him closely. “Enjoy your drink much?”
He dropped the celery back into the glass and then shoved it toward Brian. “More than you know. Brian, I’m taking off. Tell Faye I’ll be back later if she asks.”
“She’s gonna be pissed when she finds out that you flew the coop on her birthday,” replied Brian.
He smiled cockily. “She could never stay mad at me.”
“Famous last words,” he replied. 
Ethan smirked. “I’m seriously not worried.”
“Right,” said Brian.
“Excuse me… Ethan? Uh, when is Slade supposed to sing?” I asked, as he turned to leave.
He turned around to face us again. “About ten minutes from now. Remember what I said - don’t tell anyone. It’s a surprise.”
“I won’t tell,” I replied.
He stared at me for a minute and then reached into his pocket. “Here,” he said, writing something on the back of a card. “Bring this free pass upstairs to the V.I.P. room after he’s done. You can meet the band.”
“Seriously?” squealed Susan.
He winked. “Seriously.”
“So, is this like a bribe?” I asked.
 “Yeah, I guess it is. Plus,” he grinned wickedly. “Something tells me that Slade will thank me later.”
“Ethan,” said Susan, who I noticed was finished with her Cosmopolitan. “You know, I have to say… I was wrong about you. You’re a really, really nice guy.”
“Well, thank you, Susan. Brian, why don’t you get them both another drink while they wait for the show to start. On me.”
“You bet. You sure you don’t want something stronger than that?” asked Brian, pointing at my untouched soda.
“No, this is fine,” I answered, picking up the glass and drinking through the little straw.
“Come here, you big lug,” said Susan, opening up her arms. She was obviously feeling no pain after that stiff drink. “Give me a hug.”
I knew it had to have been my imagination, but it almost looked like his eyes were glowing an eerie orange color when she threw her arms around his neck, and gave him a friendly hug. 
Must be the lights in the club, I thought.
He stiffened up and stepped back. “Gotta go. Have fun, girls. Enjoy yourselves, and Susan, party like a rock star tonight.” He nodded toward me. “Your friend…ah…”
“Chelsey,” I offered.
He grinned. “Chelsey, is obviously your sober-ride tonight. Take advantage of it.”
She put her arm around my shoulders. “I believe I will. Hey, say ‘hi’ to Nikki for me.”
“Will do. Have fun tonight, girls,” he replied, walking away.
Susan removed her arm from my shoulders as Brian set another cocktail onto the bar. “I don’t know about you, but Ethan could use a little more vitamin E in his life.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Come on…. the guy is paler than my mom’s pit bull,” she said, taking a sip of her second Cosmopolitan. “Pugsley.”
“At least he doesn’t smell like Pugsley,” I replied.
“Actually, he smells like candy,” she replied. “Always. It’s kind of a weird smell for a guy, but yummy all the same.”
I agreed.
 
 

 Chapter Six

Slade

“Let’s move as soon as this song is over,” I said to my drummer, Liam, as we stepped out of the dressing room in the back of the club and headed toward the stage. 
“I think we should stay one more night here,” he replied. “Relax and have a few beers. Head out in the morning and sleep the entire day while on the road.”
“You just want to snuggle up to the club owner,” said Jimmy, who played bass. 
Liam smirked. “Can you blame me? The woman is sexier than hell. I wouldn’t mind getting a piece of that before the night’s over.”
Sean, our keyboardist, snorted. “God, you’re such a dog.”
Liam grinned. “I won’t deny that.”
“I’d stay away from Faye,” I said, smiling at two girls who were staring at us with open mouths. 
“Oh, my God, that’s Venom!” shrieked the shorter one, fanning herself quickly. “Oh, my God… oh, my God!”
“I love you, Slade!” yelled the other one, throwing me kisses. 
I waved and kept walking.
“Why not?” asked Liam. “You want her for yourself, bro?”
“Not at all,” I said, grimacing at that notion. Even though I had to admit that she was a beautiful woman, Faye was also very dangerous. I could see it in her eyes. “She’s just not the kind of woman who has a one-night stand without expecting something more.”
“Hell, I’ll give her more the next time I’m in town,” he laughed.
I grinned. “Căcănar”.
“What’s that?” he asked.
“I think he just called you an ‘ass’,” replied Bradan, our other guitarist. 
“At least I get ass,” said Liam. “Slade is too good for most of our fans.”
“Sorry, but I’m not interested in using our fans for sex. It’s not my thing, and you should really refrain from doing it, too,” I answered. 
He snorted. “Hey, I’m doing both of us a favor. They get to go back and brag that they slept with a member of the band, and I get to relieve some of my pent-up… anxieties, by putting a smile on their pretty little faces. Nothing wrong with that.”
“Nothing, if you’re human,” I replied quietly. “But every time you have sex with one of those girls, you risk losing control.”
“I have more control than all of you combined,” he said as we entered the main part of the club. “They’re much safer with me than with you. Remember, I’m not like you cretins.”
He was right about that. Liam was a Lycan, while the rest of us in the band were all vampires. 
 

Chapter Seven

Chelsey 


Less than ten minutes later, there was a sudden burst of commotion in the center of the club. 
Susan sucked in her breath and smiled. “Oh, my God, there they are!”
I turned toward the stage as the band, Venom, emerged from the crowd and stepped onto it. 
“Wow,” I replied, feeling a little breathless myself. I couldn’t see much, but I had to admit that it was a little exciting to know that they were actually there and going to sing. 
“Let’s go,” said Susan, grabbing my arm.
“Where?”
She looked at me like I was clueless. “Hello?! By the stage.”
“Are you kidding? We’ll never get close,” I said, pointing. There were already dozens of people fighting to get closer and more appearing from other parts of the club. To me it wasn’t worth the fight. “No way. Susan, people are going to get trampled and I, for one, am not going to be one of them.”
Her shoulders slumped. “You’re right. There’s no way we’ll get near them. Jesus, would you look at all of the people there already? It’s insane. Where in the hell did they come from?”
“Some of them were in the basement,” said Brian, pouring pink shots for a couple of girls who didn’t look much older than us. From the way they were embracing and kissing each other, they were obviously more than just friends. 
Embarrassed, I quickly looked away.
“The basement?” said Susan. “What’s down there?”
“Private parties,” he said with a sly smile. “I’ve never been to the basement, personally, but I’ve heard things are pretty intense down there.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “If you know what I mean.”
I didn’t know what he meant and wasn’t sure if I wanted to ever find out. “Let me get this straight, you’ve been here for a while and you’ve never been down there?” 
“It’s very elite. Even for the employees that work here. I guess you could say that most of us haven’t ever seen the basement. You need a special invite from Faye, even if you work here.”
“That’s really bizarre,” I replied, shaking my head. It made me wonder if my cousin had somehow ended up down there.
The lights dimmed even lower in the club, and I watched as a tall, dark-haired guy began to speak into the microphone on stage.
“Good evening, everyone,” he said. “Sorry to interrupt your partying -”
“We love you, Slade!” screamed one of the lesbians standing next to us. Then, both she and her girlfriend lifted their tops and flashed the band.
My jaw dropped.
“Classy,” mumbled Susan.
“Wow, well, thanks,” replied Slade, still staring toward us. “You’re making me blush.”
The two girls giggled and lowered their tops.
Slade began talking again. “The real star here tonight is that very lovely lady who invited us to come and play at her club. Now… a little birdy told me that it was a special occasion, and we just knew that we couldn’t leave Montana without wishing her a wonderful birthday. Everyone, give it up for Faye Dunbar!”
The crowd began to clap as one of the glass windows opened up in the balcony, where a group of people sat, drinking champagne and watching the stage. 
“Stand up, Faye!” hollered someone in the crowd.
An elegantly dressed woman sitting in the balcony stood up and waved. 
“Happy Birthday, Faye!” hollered a group of people in the back. 
“Thank you!” she answered, beaming down at everyone. 
“Faye, Birthday Girl, this song is for you,” said Slade as the band began to play the familiar jingle.
Slade put the microphone closer to his mouth and began to sing. His voice had a rich, deep timbre and it gave me goosebumps. I suddenly wished that I could get a closer look at him, but from the distance we were at, I could barely make out Slade’s face.  
“God is he gorgeous,” said Susan, stirring her drink. 
“I wish I could see him better,” I pouted, squinting my eyes.
“You still need glasses, don’t you?” 
“Probably. They’re not that bad, though. It’s just the lighting in here.”
“Right… You know, maybe I should drive home tonight?” she said, smirking. “I’d like to wake up tomorrow in someplace other than the coroner’s office.”
“Whatever. My eyes aren’t that bad. Seriously.”
“If you say so…”
I turned back toward the stage. “Is he really that cute?”
“Hell yes. Look, don’t worry,” she replied. “You’ll see him soon enough. V.I.P., remember?”
“Exactly.”
“Just don’t forget why we came,” she said, winking at me.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean a guy like that could make you forget to go home, if you know what I mean,” she replied.
My eyebrows shot up. “What? Are you saying that you think Melody may have really gotten together with Slade?”
“I don’t know. It’s possible when you look like Melody. She could get any guy in town, why not a hot, single musician?”
“He’s single?”  
“From what I hear. Although, it wouldn’t matter. Not these days. Rock stars like that always have girls hitting on them. I’m sure Slade sleeps with a new fan every night.”
I agreed.
 

Chapter Eight

SLADE

When we were finished with the song and getting ready to leave the stage, I stole another glance toward the bar. For some reason, I couldn’t stop staring at the little redhead in the cashmere sweater. I wasn’t sure if it was the fact that she looked so innocent and out of place at the club, or that her bluish-green eyes completely captivated me. Regardless, I was intrigued by a human and it had caught me off guard completely.
“Nice, huh?” said Liam, nodding toward the bar.
“Uh, yeah. She’s definitely a looker.”
His eyebrow arched. “I was talking about the girls making out over there. The ones who flashed us their goodies. Who in the hell are you talking about?”
“Nobody,” I replied as the club’s security accompanied us off of the stage. The crowd had grown considerably and were now screaming and yelling for us to play more songs.
“Should we do another one?” asked Jimmy, looking around. “I mean, I feel like we owe the fans, you know?”
I stopped in my tracks and turned around. “Fine. Just one.”
“Let’s do that new one you wrote,” said Liam. “See how they like it.”   
“Yeah, Dark Dreams,” agreed Jimmy.
“Okay,” I replied, thinking that one more song would give me a little longer to process what I was feeling about the girl at the bar.
When we made it back onto the stage, the crown erupted in approval.
“Thank you,” I said, after turning the microphone back on. “You guys in Shore Lake really rock.” When they noise finally died down I grinned. “So… we can’t leave without one more song, we just can’t.”
The crowd hooted and clapped.
The band began to play the chords to a song that was very personal, one called “Dark Dreams”. Closing my eyes, I thought of the woman who’d inspired me to write it and joined them when it was time. I sang of losing everything to a girl, one who’d bewitched and haunted my dreams after tearing my heart apart. I sang of regret, heartache, and the torture of moving forward. It was a song I’d written well over one-hundred years ago, after falling for a human girl. 
Vanessa. 
Our passion had been like no other and I would have given my life for hers, in a heartbeat, but in the end, it was me who’d actually destroyed her. Vanessa had not been able live with the fact that she’d loved a vampire. A monster. When she killed herself, she’d also killed a part of me. From that day forward, I stayed away from humans and only associated with other immortals when I needed sex. Although I’d managed to make it work, it was still a very hollow existence.  
When the song ended, the crowd erupted in applause. Forcing a smile, I glanced toward the bar again, but noticed the girl with the red hair was gone. Then something caught my eye, and I looked near the other side of the stage, and there she was, right below it, grinning up at me.
Good God she was even more beautiful when she smiled….
When I grinned back, she lowered her lashes and blushed. It was then that my senses went into overdrive. I could tell from the look in her eyes and the way that she was breathing that her body had released endorphins in response to my performance. I’d excited the hell out of this human girl, and based on her obvious innocence, she probably didn’t even realize it.
A fire ignited in my stomach and my jeans grew tighter. In horror, I turned around and stared at Liam’s ugly mug, hoping it would be enough to kill my arousal. But, her face was all I could see in the back of my mind. Her delicate face, staring up at me with hunger.
Shit.
I’d never gotten excited onstage, and it had been years since I’d even allowed myself to think about a human girl in such a way.  Now I had a raging boner. 
“You okay?” asked Sean.
I didn’t answer. I was far from okay. 
“Dude, what’s up besides…” laughed Liam, nodding towards my zipper.
“Give me your guitar,” I said to Jimmy, gritting my teeth.
Grinning, he handed it over to me. 
I held it in front of my jeans and turned back to the audience. 
“Thank you, everyone!” I hollered, waving my hand and trying to avoid the human who’d gotten me so worked up. “Have a great night!” Then I walked off the back of the stage while security rushed to keep the fans from mauling me.
 

 

 
Chapter Nine

Chelsey
  
“Wow, that was awesome,” said Susan as we walked back over to the bar. “I still can’t believe that you wanted to fight our way over to the stage. I definitely wasn’t expecting that one.”
“Neither was I,” I replied, still shocked myself. But, after he’d started to sing, something had come over me. Like a moth to a flame, I’d been drawn to Slade’s voice, wanting to get as near to it as I could. He’d swept me away with the lyrics, and the emotion in his words had touched me deeply. I could see why he had so many fans, especially female ones.     
“Did you see the way he stared at you?” remarked Susan. “The guy looked like he wanted to jump your bones!”
My eyebrows shot up. “What?”
“He was hot for you. Even his eyes looked like they were on fire.” Her forehead wrinkled. “Actually, it was kind of weird how they glowed. I’m sure it was some kind of stage act with contact lenses or whatever.”
“Yeah,” I replied, having noticed the same thing. Ethan’s eyes had glowed the same way, and again, I blamed it on the lighting.
“Anyway, now I bet you can’t wait to meet him.” She smirked. “Hell, I bet he can’t wait to meet you. I mean, wow… the way he looked at you. I thought he was going to leap off of the stage, throw you over his shoulder, and carry you to his man-cave.”
My stomach grew warm with that idea. “Shut up. He did not.”
“He was definitely lusting after you. You should be thrilled.”
“Slade wasn’t lusting after me,” I said, trying not to smile. I had to admit, the idea was making me tingle.  
She giggled. “You’re such a virgin.”
“How do you know?”
“Because you’d have told me all the gritty details by now.”
I blushed.
She pointed. “And you wouldn’t be blushing.”
“Whatever,” I said as we stopped back by the bar.
“Hey,” said Brian, handing Susan her martini. “You forgot this. I saved it for you.”
“Thanks,” she replied, winking at him.
“We should go up to the V.I.P. now,” I said. “Before it gets too late. I really don’t want to stay here too long. I have a lot of studying to do tomorrow.”  
“Sure, but let me finish this first,” she said, stirring the martini. 
“I take it those Cosmopolitans are pretty strong,” I said, noticing how shiny her eyes were getting.
Susan grinned. “They are but they go down smooth.” She held out the glass. “Try some? Just a sip?”
Not wanting her totally wasted by the time we met the band, I extended my hand. “Sure, I’ll help you.”
She handed the glass to me. “They are so… yummy,” she said. Susan lowered her voice and gave me a lopsided grin. “Kind of like the bartender.”
Chuckling, I gulped down most of the drink and then shivered. It was really strong. 
“Hey,” she pouted as I handed her the glass. “You hardly left me any.”
“Sorry,” I replied, feeling my stomach get warm. I smiled as the heat spread to my cheeks. “I see what you mean. Those are damn good.”
“Would either of you like another one?” asked Brian, handing an older guy next to us a bottle of beer.
“No,” I said, grabbing my purse from the bar. “I think we’re going upstairs.”
“But, we’ll be back,” said Susan, smiling at him flirtatiously. 
“Hey,” I asked leaning toward Brian. “Just curious… you mentioned that you were working last night?”
“Sure was. In fact, I’m here most nights until close.”
Feeling more comfortable with him, especially now that the booze had loosened my tongue, I lowered my voice. “Did you see a blonde around my age here last night? About as tall as Susan with long hair and big blue eyes?”
“Yeah and even bigger boobs,” said Susan.  
Brian burst out laughing. “Sounds like half the girls who were here last night.”
And tonight, I thought, looking around again. 
“What’s her name?” he asked, wiping the top of the black-marbled bar with a towel. “Maybe it will ring a bell.”
“Melody Williams,” I said. 
His forehead wrinkled. “Hmm… Melody…. blonde hair and stacked, huh? Can’t say that I recognize the name, but that doesn’t mean she wasn’t here. Last night was jam-packed.”
“Oh, she was definitely here,” I replied. “Her friends, Veronica and Taylor, verified that.”
He swung the towel over his shoulder and gave me a curious look. “So, why exactly are you looking for this chick?” 
“She’s my cousin and now she’s missing. She supposedly took off with some guy last night and hasn’t made it home yet.”
Brian shrugged. “Maybe she’s still with the dude and just forgot about checking in.”
Susan grinned wickedly. “Exactly. Maybe she’s just too busy gettin’ busy to think about anyone else right now.”
He chuckled. “Exactly. Once they come up for air, you’ll hear from her, I’ll bet.”
“I hope so,” I replied, still not too sure myself. No phone calls from Melody, well that was one thing, but the texting thing disturbed me. She was addicted to her keypad and should have texted somebody by now.
Just then, my own cell phone began to vibrate. I pulled it out of my purse. “It’s my mom,” I said to Susan, staring down at the text. I sighed. “They still haven’t heard from Melody.”
“Crap,” said Susan. “I was hoping that you were getting some good news.”
“Me too. She says she’s staying with my aunt overnight,” I said as I began typing a message back, telling her that I was still out with Susan and would be home later.
“Is your dad staying, too?” she asked. “Or is he going to start badgering the police to start looking for her?”
I shoved my phone back into my purse and zipped it up. “I’m sure they’re going to file a Missing Person’s Report. It’s been almost twenty-four hours since Melody’s friends saw her.” 
She bit her lower lip. “I know what Brian said and all,” she said as we stepped away from the bar. “But what if something seriously bad has happened to her?”
“That’s why we’re here,” I said. “To see if anyone remembers seeing her, or the guy she left with. Melody kind of stands out in the crowd, you know? I would think that someone would remember her.”
“She definitely thrives on attention. So, um… are you going to ask the band if they know anything?”
“Well, I’m going to try,” I replied as we took the stairs. “I mean I didn’t exactly come here to ‘ooh’ and ‘ah” over these guys. I’m here for answers.” 
“Ditto. Hey, maybe we should have asked Ethan? I didn’t even think about that.”
“I did, but not until after he left. Unfortunately, it’s too late now.”
“Shit,” she said, looking back toward the entrance. “We should have asked the coat-check girl. I didn’t even think about that!”
“If it’s even the same one from last night.”
“Doesn’t hurt to ask.”
“We’ll, do it on the way out.”
“Good thinking. Hopefully Slade will remember something about her, too. I’m sure Melody made her way to the front of the stage to get his attention.”
“It wouldn’t surprise me,” I replied, picturing her making goo-goo eyes at him. After seeing and listening to him tonight, however, I couldn’t exactly blame her.
When we reached the top, there were three rooms marked “V.I.P.” We stepped toward the one with two security guards.
“Yeah, um… I think we’re supposed to give you this,” I said, holding up the card from Ethan. 
The taller of the two, Bill, a guy with a blond ponytail and goatee, took the card. “You say Ethan gave you this?”
I nodded.
“Yeah,” said Susan, her eyes big. “Don’t worry, we’re not going to stay long. Just want to meet the band and maybe get an autograph or two.”
The other security guard, Mason, a dark-skinned man with soft brown eyes and a friendlier face, leaned over and looked at the card. He read it and then smiled at us.  “Huh… well, I guess it’s your lucky night.”
“It appears that way,” I replied, as Bill handed me back the card.
“Or maybe not,” said Bill under his breath with a smirk.
“What was that?” I asked, looking up at him. With his thick lips and beady eyes, he was far from attractive.
Mason laughed. “Don’t listen to him. He’s just jealous.”
“Screw that,” said Bill. “I’m not jealous of those guys. I get all the chicks I want. I don’t need to be in a rock band for that.”
“Whatever. I’ll escort you two inside,” said Mason, turning back to us. “There might be some crazy shit going on in the V.I.P.” He smiled wickedly. “And you lovely ladies might just need some protection from the animals in there.”  
I looked at Susan nervously, wondering what we’d gotten ourselves into. There were a lot of rumors about the club. Creepy ones. 
Mason looked at my face and burst out laughing. “Hey, I’m just messing with you. You look like you’re about ready to take off running.” 
I forced a smile. “No. I’m fine. I knew that you were joking.”
He tilted his head. “You still look a little apprehensive. Don’t be. Nothing bad will happen to you,” he grinned wickedly, “unless you want it.”
I glanced at Susan, who was also smiling.
“Come on,” he said, stepping back so we could enter the lounge. “I’ll introduce you to Venom. I have a feeling they’re going to be happy when you two walk through the door.”
“Really?” asked Susan.
 “Hell yeah. They love meeting their fans.”
“We’re kind of new fans,” I said, hoping that nobody would ask me about the music or which song was my favorite. 
“That’s even better,” said Mason, walking us down the hallway. “The band just loves fresh meat.”
I sighed. “Great.”

 
Chapter Ten 

Chelsey


When we stepped into the lounge, I had to admit, it was very classy. 
“Wow, now this is what I call a night club,” said Susan, beaming. “I just can’t believe it’s hidden away in a small town like Shore Lake. The owner must have spent a small fortune on this place.”
“Only the best for Faye. She wouldn’t have it any other way,” said Mason.    
I thought the club below was impressive, but it was dull compared to the décor in this room.
Obviously, I thought, looking around, if this was where they catered to the rich and famous, then it would have to be pretty extravagant. 
“Swanky, huh?” asked Susan, elbowing me.
“Yeah, it’s nice,” I replied, raising my voice as another song began to play in the club.  
The lounge was extravagant and obviously catered to a higher-class customer. The room itself was dimly lit with a purplish hue. Curved leather sofas and black marbled tables lined the sides of the room, most of them already filled with hipsters, drinking and talking loudly over the music. In the back was a large crystal bar with two bartenders serving top-shelf liquor while scantily dressed servers, dressed in purple and black uniforms, walked around with plates of appetizers and drinks. 
  “This way,” said Mason, leading us toward an area that overlooked the dance floor below. As we drew closer I recognized the group playing cards around a table that looked like it had been sculpted out of amethyst. As we approached, the guys looked up from their game, eyeing us curiously. Everyone in the band appeared to be there, except Slade. 
“Mason, what’s up?” asked a guy, who I recognized as the drummer. He had shoulder-length blond hair and twinkling blue eyes. 
“Ethan sent them up. Fans of yours,” he replied and then turned to us. “I’m going to hand you off to these fellows now. Have fun, ladies.”
“Uh, thanks,” I replied, feeling totally sober and awkward now that we were standing in front of the band. 
“Sounds good to me,” replied another guy at the table. He had brown eyes and dimples so deep that I couldn’t help but return his smile.
“I’m Liam,” said the blonde guy, who reminded me a lot of Thor, which I knew Susan must have found thrilling. “So… you girls into poker?”
“I’ve played before,” replied Susan, grinning stupidly at him. Obviously, my observation had been dead on.
Liam, who towered over both of us, stood up and pulled over a couple of purple leather club chairs. “Here, sit down and we’ll deal you in. We aren’t playing for money or anything.”
“That’s because you still owe me from last weekend,” said the guy with the dimples. “Cheap-ass.”
“I don’t owe you shit,” replied Liam. “You’re dreaming.”
“If I was dreaming, you’d have paid me,” he replied as Susan and I sat down.
“Keep dreaming and maybe you’ll get your money,” chuckled Liam, taking a swig of his beer. “
Dimples laughed. “You’re such a dickhead.” 
Liam ignored him and turned back to us. “So, don’t be shy. What are your names?”
“I’m Susan and that’s Chelsey,” she said, smiling nervously. Obviously she was a little star-struck. I myself was pleasantly surprised that these guys were so easy going.
“What about you?” I asked, trying to relax.  
“We’re the guys your momma warned you about,” said Liam.
We all laughed this time.
“Seriously, though,” I said. “What are your names?”
“Thought you were fans,” said Liam, shuffling the cards. He grinned. “Or are you just ‘Slade’ fans?”
“No. Actually, although we do enjoy your music, we came up here for something totally different,” I replied.
“To play poker?” joked Liam, staring at me with amusement. “Please tell me your favorite is ‘Strip’. I always pay up for that.”
“No,” I replied, blushing. “Actually, we wanted to find out if any of you have seen my cousin. She’s missing.”
There was a long silence and then the guy with the dimples leaned forward. “Missing? When did she go missing?”
“Last night. I guess she came here to see your band in concert and then left with a guy. Nobody has seen or heard from her since.”
“And you find that odd?” laughed Liam.
“Exactly. She’s probably just pulling an all-nighter,” said another guy. He had short red hair and a goatee. Like the others, he was also very handsome. “I’m Sean, by the way. That’s Jimmy,” he pointed to the dimpled guy. “And that’s Bradan,” he said, nodding to a fourth guy who was texting someone on his cell phone. 
Bradan looked up and smiled. “Sorry, lass, I’m listening to you. Truly I am. Keep going.”
I licked my lips. “Well, like I said, she’s missing, but I don’t think she’s pulling an ‘all-nighter’. She hasn’t contacted anyone, not even her friends, and Melody can’t live without texting.”
Bradan held up his phone. “Like I said, sorry about this. I’m not normally this bad. It’s me ma. She won’t stop asking me to come home for the holidays.” 
I smiled at his accent. “So, are you the only one from Ireland?”
“We all are,” said Liam, although he didn’t have an accent. “Except for Slade. He’s originally from Romania. He lost his accent eons ago.”
I laughed. “So, I take it you’ve been in the U.S. for a while then?”
“Yes,” said Jimmy with a glint in his eye. “Centuries, in fact. Interesting place.”
“Wow, you sure age well,” teased Susan. “Let me guess… you’re really vampires and drink blood to stay young and virile?”
The table went quiet.
“Ha ha…” said Susan, shaking her head. 
“Ah… you Americans and your infatuation with vampires,” chuckled Liam. “It’s quite amusing.”
“Almost as amusing as our infatuation with zombies,” replied Susan. “Last week there was a ‘Zombie Bar Crawl’ in town.” She grimaced. “They all showed up at Ruth’s afterwards - drunk, hungry, and… creepy. I know they do it for fun, but zombies just freak me out, you know?”
I agreed. 
“What is a ‘Zombie Bar Crawl’?” asked Liam.
“People dress up as zombies and basically bar-hop all night long,” she replied. “They’ll do it again on Halloween.”
“That actually sounds like a lot of fun,” said Jimmy. “Hell, we could join them and have a regular night without obsessed fans. I wouldn’t mind getting all gored up for that.”
“I agree,” said Liam. “Don’t get me wrong… I’m grateful we’re getting more popular, but it definitely has its drawbacks.”
“I’m sure you’ve lost a lot of privacy,” I replied.
He nodded. “You have no idea.” 
“So, um, where is Slade?” asked Susan. 
 Liam looked over my head. “What do you know? Ask and you shall receive.”
When I turned around and saw Slade this close, my mouth went dry. He had to have been the hottest guy I’d ever seen. Dark hair, broad shoulders, a strong jaw, and eyes as green as the grass after a rainfall. 
“What’s going on?” he asked, staring down at us, his face dark and brooding. 
“Fans,” replied Liam. “Ethan sent them up.” 
Slade stopped next to me and I lowered my trembling hands to my lap. Although he was clearly irritated that we’d joined the table, I felt like there was a static connection between us. 
“Is that right?” he smirked. “You two are fans of Venom?”
“Uh, yeah,” I replied, smiling up at him weakly.
His eyes darted down to my chest and then back up to my lips, so quickly that I’d almost missed it. 
“Don’t mind Slade,” said Liam. “He doesn’t like to mingle with fans the way we do. Not usually. Tonight might be an exception, though.” He winked at me and then looked back up at Slade. “Is this the one from earlier?”
Slade ignored him and continued staring, to the point of making me uncomfortable. 
Liam laughed. “That’s what I thought. I think you actually got under his skin tonight, honey. That’s a miracle in itself.”
“Liam,” said Slade, his voice even. “Why don’t you go find yourself a jar of peanut butter and a girl to occupy yourself for the rest of the evening?”
The other band members laughed, but I was confused about the peanut butter.
“Do you like peanut butter, sweetheart?” asked Liam with a gleam in his eyes as he turned to Susan.
“Doesn’t everybody?” she asked, smiling, but also looking confused.
Slade laughed and then I felt his eyes upon me again. Although I was secretly thrilled that he was checking me out, it was also very irritating. I wasn’t naïve and knew that he’d probably already pegged me as an easy lay.
“So, you two are fans but neither of you were at the show last night,” he said softly.
Stunned, I looked back up at him. “And how do you know that?”
His smile was dazzling and made my stomach quiver. “I just do.”
“He just does,” mimicked Liam. “Slade thinks he knows everything, but the truth is, he’s just full of shit.”
“And that’s coming from someone who talks circles around people, just to confuse the hell out of them,” countered Slade, piercing him with a hard stare. 
“It isn’t hard,” said Liam. He smiled. “And I cannot tell a lie, it amuses the hell out of me.”
“You mean the look of being pissed off?” chuckled Sean.
“That too,” replied Liam, raising his beer. 
Slade pulled up another chair and sat down next to me. Our knees touched briefly and I flinched.
“Sorry,” he said, moving his leg closer.
“It’s okay,” I replied in a light, breathy voice. Yes, there was definitely a charge emanating from his body and it was making it difficult for me to breathe.   
“What’s your name?” he asked. His sultry eyes were hypnotic and beautiful. I almost wanted to take a picture of them with my phone, just so that I wouldn’t forget what they looked like up close. 
“Chelsey,” I replied and then quickly moved back so he could see Susan. “And that’s Susan.”
“Hello,” she said, waving with another silly grin.
“Hi.” His eyes moved back to me and I reminded myself to breathe normally. I was here to find Melody and not pant over Slade, no matter how hot he was. I wasn’t a star-struck groupie who would fall at his feet like most of the girls did off-stage. I was someone who needed his help and not his approval. “So, what brings you to the club this evening? Obviously, you’re not a regular.”
“How do you know that?” I asked, wondering if we stood out that much. I had to admit, I felt a little over-dressed compared to the slinky outfits most of the girls wore. I looked like I was going out for pizza, not clubbing.
“She’s here because she’s looking for her cousin, who’s missing,” said Liam, still watching us with an amused expression. 
Slade’s face became serious. “Really? Missing? 
“Yeah. Since last night,” I said. “Nobody has seen or heard from her since.”
Just then, Faye Dunbar walked into the lounge and the table became quiet.

“Great,” whispered Susan, dryly.
Faye Dunbar, who I figured had to be somewhere in her twenties, was the richest, as well as the coldest woman in Shore Lake. I’d never met her personally, but Susan had mentioned several bad run-ins she’d had with her at the diner. 
“Faye,” said Liam, standing up. “You are a gorgeous woman, you know that?”
Even I had to admit that she was very attractive. Tonight, she wore a cream colored dress that hugged her perfect figure, and diamond earrings that cost more than my parents’ new SUV. 
“Oh, Liam,” she said, smiling up at him. She pushed his chest playfully. “You’re such a flirt, but don’t ever, ever change.” 
He grinned. “You make a man like me want to change, sexy. Just say the words and I’ll leave my entire harem for you.”
“I’d tire you out, Liam,” she teased back. “Just ask my harem.”
He laughed. “That’s rich, I like that. So, can you stay and have a drink with us?”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t. I do need to speak to Slade, though,” she said, turning her eyes toward him. “Can you spare a few minutes of your time?”
“Sure.”
Faye’s gaze shifted to me and I felt a shiver go up my spine. There was no warmth in those eyes, and I knew instantly that the woman didn’t like me. 
“Do I know you?” she asked, staring at me like I was an uninvited guest in her home.
“Uh, no,” I replied, trying to smile. “I don’t think so.”
She wrinkled her nose as if smelling something foul and then her eyes moved over to Susan. “You work over at Ruth’s, don’t you?”
“Yes,” replied Susan nervously.
I watched as Faye reached up and patted the side of her long, blond hair. It was so shiny and sleek that I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of envy. She kind of reminded me of a famous actress from one of my mother’s old black-and-white movies. With her style and perfect features, I just knew I could never look as glamorous as this woman. I began to wonder if there was something going on between her and Slade, and if that was the reason she was acting so frosty. 
Faye titled her head to the side and smirked. “Funny, I didn’t think you were of age to be here tonight, Susan.”
Susan’s smile didn’t falter and I had to give her credit. “Of course I am.”
“Good, because I would be very angry if I had minors sneaking into my club,” she replied stiffly. “It would be bad for business and even worse for the person doing it.”
Susan’s face went white. “I have an I.D.”
“Good for you,” replied Faye, smiling coldly. “Don’t lose it.”
Slade stood up quickly. “So, you said you needed to talk, Faye?” 
She turned, her eyes raking over the white graphic T-shirt, emphasizing his narrow waist and broad shoulders. Obviously, he still found time to work out between gigs and she noticed it as well. I normally wasn’t into muscles, but damn… everything about Slade was sexy. “Yes. Is now a good time, Slade?” she asked, turning into the friendly club owner again.
“For you, Birthday Girl, I have as many moments as you need,” he replied, holding out his forearm.
She linked her arm through his and beamed up at him. “My, I guess it’s true what they say about you.”
“What’s that?” he asked with a slight grin. 
“That you’re as smooth as that voice of yours,” she replied. 
“Smooth as shit,” muttered Liam under his breath with a sneer.
“Boys, I’ll return Slade after I’m finished with him,” said Faye over her shoulder as they began to walk away. “Oh,” she turned around. “If anyone runs into Ethan, let him know that I’m looking for him.”
“Did you try calling him?” asked Sean.
“He doesn’t carry a cell phone,” she replied, frowning. “Refuses to own one, actually.”
“Why?” asked Bradan. “I couldn’t live without mine.”
“If he doesn’t get one soon, he may not live without one either,” she replied, looking serious.
The guys laughed but from her expression, she was clearly angry. Ethan was obviously in for an argument when he ran into her again. I wondered if they were seeing each other or somehow related.
“Let’s go chat, shall we?” she said to Slade.
“Lead the way.”
I watched as they stepped towards the exit and felt another wave of envy. Not only was she everything I wasn’t, but it was obvious that she had the sexiest guy in the club wrapped around her finger.  
Jimmy cleared his throat. “So, Chelsey, tell us again about your cousin.”
I told him everything I knew. After I finished, they asked if I had a picture of her.
I took out my phone and scrolled through photos I’d taken. When I came to a picture of Melody at her graduation party, I handed Liam the phone.
He bit his lip and nodded. “Yeah, actually, we did see her. Last night.”
My eyes widened. “Seriously? You did?”
“Sure did,” he replied.
“Let me see,” said Bradan, holding out his hand.
Liam handed him my phone and Jimmy also glanced at it.
“Oh yeah,” said Jimmy. “I remember that chick.” He chuckled. “Who wouldn’t?”
Bradan laughed and handed me back the phone. “I’m sure she’s fine. She was in good hands last night. Nothing to worry about.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Really? With whom?”
He picked up his beer and took a swig. “Slade.”   
 

 Chapter Eleven
Slade


“Who were your friends?” asked Faye as we stepped out of the V.I.P. lounge.
 “Just a couple of fans,” I replied quickly. I was still stunned that Chelsey had been at our table when I’d stepped out of the bathroom. Then, when I’d sat down next to her and inhaled her human scent, it had almost been too much to handle. I was attracted to everything about her, which was unsettling for me and potentially lethal for her. 
Faye raised an eyebrow. “Just a fan… well, she obviously thinks you’re the cat’s meow.”
I played it off. “Of course she does. All of my female fans do.”
“Yes, I’m sure they do,” she agreed, chuckling.
I wondered what Faye wanted with me. Not many people made me nervous, especially a woman, but there were rumors about this one that were disturbing, even for me. Rumors that included pleasure, pain, and unimaginable horror for those who crossed her. If she hadn’t agreed to pay such a high price for our band to perform at the club, I would have never gotten within ten feet of her. The only reason we were still in Shore Lake was to sing her the Birthday song, which she’d also set up and paid for. 
“In there,” she said, waving a hand toward her private office. 
“Okay,” I replied, a little relieved she wasn’t taking me into the basement. Liam had been told that there were some freaky things going on down there, including BDSM and orgies. I wasn’t into either and had no interest in seeing it live and in person.  
“Close the door,” she replied, walking around her white and black marbled desk. 
I obeyed and then sat across from her in a black leather chair.
She took out a pack of cigarettes from the top drawer of her desk. “Your performance last night was incredible,” she said, lighting the end of one. 
“Thank you,” I replied, leaning back in the chair as she blew out a stream of smoke. “I thought we played pretty well myself.”
She rested her chin on her hand and smiled. “So, tell me, Slade, what do you think of Shore Lake?”
I shrugged. “It’s very… wildernessy.”
She nodded. “Yes. Well, you get used to it. I’m originally from Vegas.”
It wasn’t a secret. “Oh, is that right?” I asked, feigning surprise. 
She took another drag of her smoke and blew out a ring. “”Yes that is right. I have a feeling you already knew that, however.”
I grinned sheepishly. “Not a very good poker-face?”
“Not this time, but something tells me that you could lie through your teeth and most wouldn’t be the wiser.”
“You’ve got me all figured out, huh?” I asked, not liking how this conversation was going. She obviously wanted something more from me. Something more than just a song. 
“Slade, dear, I know what you are,” she said in a low, amused voice.
I tapped my fingers against the arms of the chair. “Is that right? You know what I am?”
“Oh, yes… definitely. It’s why I brought you here.”
I grinned. “I’m lost… could you enlighten me as to what you’re talking about?”
“You’re a Roamer.”
I chuckled. “A Roamer? What in the hell is that?”
She leaned forward. “In Romania, I believe you go by ‘Vampire’. Some of the vampires here, however, prefer the term ‘Roamer’.”
I grunted. “You’re kidding, right?”
She blew out another stream of smoke. “I’m dead serious, Slade.”
I leaned back in my chair. “What am I supposed to say to all of this? I mean, a vampire? Really? You believe in that shit?”
She looked amused. “Come on now. Just admit it.”
“There’s nothing to admit,” I replied evenly. “I’m a singer in a band. Nothing more and nothing less.” 
“Fine,” she said, standing up. “If you’re not going to do it freely, then I’m going to have to play dirty, which I rather enjoy anyway.”
I rubbed my forehead and sighed. “Faye, you’re wasting both of our times. We need to get on the road soon.”
She walked over to a door on the other side of the office and opened it. “Bring in the girl.”
A security guard with long, brown hair stepped out of the other room holding the arm of a disheveled-looking young woman. One that I recognized from the night before. Today, she looked like she’d just rolled out of bed and hadn’t showered or changed her clothing. 
“Hi, Slade,” she said, staring over at me with pleasure. 
Frowning, I stood up. “What’s happening here?” 
 “Don’t you remember her?” asked Faye, now standing next to the blonde. She put her arm around the girl’s shoulder and smiled darkly. “She certainly remembers you.”
For the life of me, I had no idea what Faye was trying to pull. The girl didn’t mean anything to me other than she was another fan who had tried to catch my eye.
“Slade?” said the girl in a breathless voice. “Where have you been? I waited for you all morning and afternoon, but you never returned to the room.”  
I stared at her in shock. “Excuse me?”
Her face fell. “You seriously don’t remember last night? The after-party… and then the hotel?”
What I remembered was seeing her in the club, dancing in front of the stage, but that was it. I had gone to the after-party for only a short time, but then I’d left and gone to my hotel room. Alone. 
“Oh, for Pete’s sake,” snapped Faye. She grabbed the girl’s hair, baring her neck. 
“Ouch!” she hollered, trying to get out of Faye’s grasp. “Let me go!”
My mouth went dry as I stared at the vein in her soft, fragile neck. I imagined my tongue licking the salty flesh right before I buried my teeth into her supple skin. It was then that I realized I hadn’t fed for a few days and it was now catching up with me. “Faye,” I growled in a raspy voice. “Enough.”
With her long, red nail, she traced along the girl’s neck, enticing me further. “Lovely, isn’t it? I bet you’d love to sink your teeth into this little morsel.”
“Screw this shit,” I snarled, heading towards the doorway. “I’m outta here.”
“Are you sure about that?” asked Faye.
The girl screeched in protest and the scent of her succulent blood filled the air, awakening the beast inside. Unable to resist my own damning urges, I soon found myself straddling the human on the carpet as she stared up at me with terror.
“Slade?” she whispered, her lip trembling as I stared down at her, my own body quivering with need.
“Go on,” urged Faye.
Panting, I battled against the hunger burning inside of me, but with every breath, I felt my resistance weakening. It had been decades since I’d tasted anything this sweet and fresh. Normally, my meals were collected from plasma centers, which quelled my hunger to a point, but it still wasn’t nearly as glorifying as warm blood. Nothing was. 
“Feed. Do it,” demanded Faye, kneeling down next to us. “Rip her throat out and take what’s yours.” She gently ran a hand over the girl’s hair, smoothing it away from her face. “You do want to please Slade, don’t you Princess?”
The girl swallowed hard and nodded.
I looked at Faye, who I could tell was only doing this for some kind of twisted pleasure. Her evil malice gave me the strength that I needed to resist
“Enough,” I growled, releasing my hold on the girl. I stood up and offered her my hand.
“What in the hell are you doing?” snapped Faye, looking furious.   
I pulled the girl to her feet and glared at Faye. “The real question is, what are you doing and why?”  
Ignoring the question, she turned to her security guard. “Lucas, take the girl out of here. Bring her downstairs and give her to the Roamers.”
I pulled the girl back, away from Faye and Lucas. “You’ve already done enough to her. I’m getting her out of here.” 
“Oh, what a gallant gesture,” sneered Faye. “You do realize that she knows too much now, don’t you?”
“She doesn’t have to remember anything,” I answered. “I can make her forget all of this.”
Faye stared at me and I could see the wheels turning in her head. I wasn’t sure why she’d wanted me to confess something she’d already known. “What exactly do you want from me?” I asked, positioning the terrified girl behind me. “Because you’re really pissing me off, Faye.”
Her face softened. “You know, I believe that we started this conversation on the wrong foot.”
I waited for her to go on.
She licked her lips and smiled. “I want you to fire your manager, move to Shore Lake, and let me take care of your career from this day forward.”
I grunted. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
“Not at all. As you already know, I’m a very wealthy and successful woman. I have connections all over the world with people who can take your career to an entirely new level of success. Slade, I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.”
“I’m already rich.” I’d accumulated a lot over the last three hundred years and our band did well. Money wasn’t even a motivator for me. Never had been. I only performed and sang, because it made me feel almost human. 
“Maybe, but you haven’t reached superstardom yet, Slade.” Her eyes glittered. “I can help you get there.”
“Thanks, but no thanks. We don’t need you.”
She smirked. “Is that right? Well, the rest of your band has already agreed to this. They want me to be your new financial advisor and manager.”
I stared at her in disbelief. “What? Bullshit.”
She went back around to her desk and turned on the laptop. “They even picked out a cabin already. Slade, moving here is the best decision for everyone. Vampires do need to stick together.”
“Are you saying that you’re a vampire?”  
She snorted. “Hell no. I’m a Shifter.”
Fuck, now that was bad news. Shapeshifters were dangerous, and most of them were known to have violent tempers when they didn’t get their way. Something told me that things were about to get uglier.
“It would never work. We don’t like to stay in one spot too long,” I replied. “I’d suffocate here.”
“You wouldn’t have to live here permanently,” she replied. “Hell, the Roamers have already proven to me that they are unable to settle anywhere for too long. But, when we move, you’d move. Eight months tops in Shore Lake and then we’ll move on to the next town. Together.”
I folded my arms across my chest. There was no way in hell I’d live near this psychotic bitch. “What do you get from all of this, besides more money and fame?”
“To be honest, I like to be in control. You’re relatively new to the U.S. and obviously don’t understand how things are done here.”
“What exactly does that mean?”  
Her face darkened. “Fine, I’ll tell you the truth - I run this part of the country. Me. Nothing happens without my knowledge or approval. There are those immortals who would challenge my authority and like more than anything to take away all of the power I’ve acquired. Of course, they always fail because I have an army to back me up. An army of your kind.”
“Then why do you need us if you’re so damn powerful?”
She smiled. “Let’s just say that I like you, Slade. I want you on the team.”
What she really wants is to control me and the band, I thought. Along with anyone else that poses a threat. There was no way I’d let that happen. “I need to speak to the band about this. Quite frankly, it would be inconvenient for us to settle here. Really inconvenient.”
Her eyes gleamed a purplish hue. “It would also be dangerous if you didn’t. Really dangerous.”
“I don’t take intimidation well,” I replied sternly. I’d survived a century in Romania, where vampires were hunted and crucified by both humans and other immortals. I’d been beaten and tortured by more than the likes of Faye Dunbar and there was no way that I’d allow her to push me around. 
“Then I suggest that you don’t do anything that will provoke any further threats,” she replied icily.
“You don’t frighten me,” I said. “So if I were you, I’d forget all about me and the other members of Venom. There is no way in hell that we are going to take orders from you.”
“You’re making a big mistake,” she said, standing up.
“Doubtful. I think we’re done here,” I said, preparing to leave. 
“Oh, you’re done, all right. Lucas, take the girl,” she ordered.
I turned to face Lucas. “Keep your hands to yourself, Roamer.”
Lucas hesitated for a moment, but then took a step toward us. 
“Stand down,” I hissed, baring my fangs. “Or you’ll all regret it.”
“Slade, seriously, reconsider what we’ve talked about,” said Faye. “You’re risking the lives of your entire band if you cross me, you know.”
“You’d better stop with the threats, Faye,” I said, backing away with the girl. “Before it’s too late.”
“Dammit, your defiance is infuriating!” she snapped, pushing a button on the side of her desk. 
The door in the back swung open again, and this time, three men dressed in club uniforms entered the office. 
“Escort Slade and this human to the basement,” said Faye. “And make sure they don’t escape.”
They nodded and advanced toward me. 
Swearing, I met them halfway.
 

Chapter Twelve 

Chelsey


“What?” I asked in shock.
“Now that pisses me off,” said Liam, frowning. “He was just giving me a hard time about screwing…” his eyes darted to me. “I mean partying with fans.”
“Well, he left the party with her last night. I believe they were heading to the hotel for a little something… something…,” said Jimmy, smirking.
“But she never came home after something… something…” I snapped, angry that I’d been so attracted to a player like Slade. What did I expect, though, he was in a band and drop-dead gorgeous. He wasn’t a normal guy that one dated or developed real feelings for. He was just a one-night stand that would never amount to even a phone-call afterwards. “So, he needs to help us find her.”
“Oh, he will,” said Liam, still scowling. “I’ll make sure of that.”
“You know, I’m a little surprised he left with her,” said Sean. “It’s not like him. Seriously.”
“That chick was really hot, though,” stated Jimmy, throwing his cards down. “I’m out.”
“Yeah, but he’s turned down hotter,” said Bradan. He looked at me. “No offense.”
“None taken,” I replied.
Susan stood up. “I think we should find him right now and ask what he did with her.”
“I think we know,” chuckled Jimmy.
She rolled her eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“I agree,” I said, not wanting to wait any longer. I just wanted to get out of the club and go home. I stood up. “Let’s go talk to your boy.”
“Faye might get mad if we interrupt their so-called meeting,” said Bradan. He shook his head. “That guy is getting all kinds of action this week.”
Liam, who appeared to be still sulking, stood up. “I agree with the girls, we need to find Melody, now. Plus, something doesn’t feel right, here. I can’t quite put my finger on it, but I’m feeling a little anxious. Let’s go interrupt them.”
The others stood up and we walked out of the lounge.
“Did you see where Faye Dunbar and Slade went?” Sean asked Mason, who was still standing just outside of the lounge, guarding the doorway.
He shook his head. “No, I’m sorry I didn’t see them.”
“They just walked out of here less than five minutes ago,” said Liam, who towered over Mason.
He shrugged. “Sorry, man, I don’t know where they are.” 
“If you see Slade, let him know we’re looking for him,” replied Sean.
“Hold on a second.” Liam cocked his head and then swore. “It’s Slade. He’s in trouble.”
“How do you know?” I asked, staring at him in shock. He hadn’t even pulled out a cell phone to check for messages.
“Let’s just say that he has exceptionally good hearing,” said Bradan.
“We gotta move,” said Liam, who turned and took off down the hallway. The others followed, running so fast that they seemed to have disappeared into thin air.
Mason muttered something under his breath and pulled out his phone.
I turned to Susan. “Did you see that?”
Her face was pale. “I don’t know. I think that drink I had earlier is making me crazy. They kind of like…vanished, didn’t they?”
“It almost seemed that way,” I replied, still stunned.
“Uh, what do we do?” asked Susan.
“Let’s go find them,” I said, pulling her arm.
 

Chapter Thirteen

Slade


“You done!?” snarled Lucas, who’d just slammed his fist into my face for the third time.
“Fuck you!” I growled, spitting out blood. Two of the Roamers had me pinned to the ground and the third was struggling to hold my legs.
“He’s stubborn, I’ll give him that,” chuckled Faye.
I glared at her. “Glad this amuses you.”
“Would you hold him down better?” complained Lucas as I broke my right arm free and punched one of them in the jaw.
Lucas stood up and kicked me in the ribs several times. 
“Asshole,” I growled. It hurt but my body healed so quickly that when he finished, there was nothing more than a dull ache.
“Slade!” screamed the blonde, who was in the corner, behind a filing cabinet.
“Run,” I ordered, but she just stared at me, frightened.
“Bring him into the basement. Maybe we can change his mind down there,” stated Faye. 
I spit out another wad of blood and it landed on her carpeting. 
She glared at me. “Great. I just had that installed last week, dammit. I’m going to need to replace it again.”
Lucas kicked me in the spleen. “Good going, fool.”
I grunted. “She can bill me.”
Before Faye could respond, her office door was kicked in and pieces of splintered wood flew everywhere.  
I sighed in relief as Liam and my boys entered the office. When they saw what was happening inside, all hell broke loose. Within seconds, I was free and Faye’s guards were being slaughtered.
“Stop!” hollered Faye, now staring in horror at the twist of events. It was obvious that we were much older and stronger; her men were useless in a one-on-one combat.
“You okay?” asked Liam, dropping the lifeless shell of Lucas to the ground. His fur and lycan features began to recede, until he was kneeling next to me, naked.
“I was until I saw you naked,” I joked, spitting out more blood. 
He stood up and waved towards his manhood. “Yeah, it’s a monster. I’d be scared too.”
I shook my head laughed.
 “Oh, my God!” shrieked Chelsey, who was now standing in the doorway with Susan, and staring at the nightmare in the office. The terror on her face wiped the smile from my face. I felt an urge to comfort her, but knew she’d freak out if I made any attempt.
“Shit,” said Liam, covering his junk with his hands. 
I looked behind me. Bradan and Jimmy were just finishing off Faye’s last two minions. Fangs were bared and blood was everywhere. It was like a grisly scene from a horror movie. I could only imagine what the human girls were feeling. This was our world, not theirs.
“Vampires!?” screeched Susan in horror. She tried to turn and run, but behind her stood a dark-skinned security guard, blocking her way. He grabbed her by the arm.
“Forget about her, Mason!” hollered Faye. “Get more security!”
His eyes now a fiery red, Mason released Susan and took off.
“Chelsey!” sobbed the blonde, still hiding behind the filing cabinet.
Chelsey turned and gasped. “Melody!” She ran over and pulled her into her arms. “Are you okay?”
Melody, nodded. “Yes. I think so.”
“You guys, come on!” choked Susan, who was also crying now. “We have to get out of here.”
I sighed. They’d seen too much and I had to do something about it.
“You need to make them forget,” said Liam.
“I know,” I said, walking towards the girls. I gave them a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you.”
“Stay away from us!” hollered Chelsey. “You… you’re all monsters.”
The look in her eyes crushed me. It reminded me of Vanessa. “I’d never hurt you. I swear.”
Chelsey looked behind me and screamed.
I turned around just as some kind of winged reptilian creature lunged at me.
 

Chapter Fourteen

Chelsey



The creature that landed on Slade reminded me of a gargoyle, with its greenish-black scales and rubber-like wings.  It was like something out of a horror movie. I began to wonder if this was all a dream. 
“Oh, my God,” gasped Susan, covering her mouth in horror.
Just when I thought the madness couldn’t get any crazier, Liam turned into a massive wolf and sprang at the reptile trying to attack Slade. 
“Let’s go!” screamed Melody, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the doorway.
Terrified, I obeyed. We grabbed Susan and then scrambled away from Faye’s office, down the hallway, and back to the main area of the club.
The music was as loud as ever, and everyone seemed oblivious to the horrors taking place on the top floor of Club Nightshade. Frightened beyond belief, we hurried down the staircase, toward the exit when our bartender from earlier stepped directly into our path
Are you girls okay?” he asked, looking concerned.
“Brian…. Oh, my God,” said Susan, shaking her head vehemently. “There are monsters upstairs. We’re leaving. Now.”
His eyebrows shot up. “What?”
“Just like she said,” I answered. “Vampires, werewolves, and gargoyles. We’re so out of here.”
He stared at us in amusement. “Let me guess, too many Cosmopolitans?”
“No,” I snapped. “Look, we’re not making this up. Go look for yourself if you don’t believe us.”
“Calm down,” he said, placing a hand on my shoulder. “You’re going to scare the other customers.”
“They should be,” I answered, as four security guys raced across the bar and headed toward the staircase.
“Let’s just get out of here,” said Susan, watching them go up quickly, “before the monsters start searching for us.”
“I agree,” I said.
As we attempted to walk around Brian, he grabbed my arm. “What’s your hurry? Why don’t you follow me to a quiet place and we can all talk about this?”
“Brian, seriously, you have to call the police,” said Susan. “We’re not drunk and there is some scary shit going on upstairs. No lie.”
He sighed. “Fine. Let’s just find a safe place and we’ll call the police.”
Susan shook her head. “No. You call the police, but we’re out of here. There’s no way in hell that I’m staying in this place any longer.”
His eyes hardened. “No, you’re not going anywhere. Now, follow me.”
“Excuse me?” I snapped, pulling away from him. “You can’t tell us what to do.”
Before he could respond, another security guard approached. “Brian, Faye wants you upstairs. Go, now.”
Without another word, Brian quickly obeyed and took off toward the stairs.
Releasing a ragged sigh, I followed Susan and Melody down the hallway by the entrance until we reached the exit. Once outside, we bolted to my car. Susan sat next to me and Melody got into the back.
“What do we do?” I asked as we locked ourselves inside. 
“I’ll call the police,” said Susan, pulling out her phone.
“Hurry, get us out of here,” begged Melody, hunching down into the back seat. “I just want to go home.”
“I’m so glad you’re safe,” I said as we pulled out of the parking lot. “Everyone’s been worried about you.”
“Me too,” she replied, rubbing a hand over her face. 
“What happened?” I asked, looking back at her in the rearview mirror.
“I’m not so sure anymore,” she said, leaning her head against the back of the seat. She closed her eyes. “I just remember bits and pieces of last night. Watching the band, the party, meeting Slade. I don’t know… I almost feel like I’ve been drugged.”
I frowned. “I wonder if someone slipped something into your drink.” 
“Maybe,” she replied. “Maybe it was Slade. We left the after-party last night. Together.”
“Yes, I’d like to report a… violent crime,” said Susan, into the phone. “At Club Nightshade.”
I grunted. A violent crime? Well, that was even putting it mildly.
She glanced at me and shrugged. 
“Oh, hi Sheriff,” she said, biting her nail. “You want us to come down to the station?” She looked at me.
I nodded.
“Sure. We’re on our way.”
After she hung up, Melody swore. “I can’t see the sheriff. I’m going to get into so much trouble. The cops are going to know that I had a fake I.D.”
“Us too,” I replied. “But I think when they find out what’s happening at the club, they might be a little more lenient.”
She snorted. “Right. Can you just drop me off at home and forget that you saw me there?”
“Melody,” I snapped, staring back at her in disbelief. “We were at the club trying to find you. We probably just saved your life and you’re worried about getting busted because of the I.D.?”
She didn’t say anything.
“People were being murdered right in front of us,” said Susan, turning back to look at her. “Once they start investigating everything, the cops are going to find out that you were there anyway. I’m sorry, but they need to know everything and I’m not lying.”
Melody groaned. “Yeah, I suppose you’re right.”
“I still can’t believe it,” I said, turning past Ruth’s Diner. “The guys from ‘Venom’ are vampires and werewolves? Seriously?”
“I guess so,” said Susan. “We all saw what was happening.”
“Do you honestly think anyone will believe us?” asked Melody.
“They have to,” I replied. “I just wish I would have taken a picture with my phone.”
“There was no time,” said Susan. “I mean, it wasn’t as if we were prepared for any of that.”
There was a loud thud on the roof of the car and we all screamed in shock.
“What was that?!” cried Susan, moving closer to me as she stared out the side of her window. As if someone was going to break it and try grabbing her.
Shaken, I pulled over to the side of the road. “I don’t know. Maybe a bird? I hope…”
“No fucking way,” whispered Susan in horror as the gargoyle from Club Nightshade, leaped from the top of my car to the pavement in front of us. It opened its mouth and let out a monstrous roar.
Terrified, I threw the car in reverse, and punched it. The tires squealed in protest as we raced backwards.
“Watch out! There’s something behind us!” screamed Melody, staring back out the window.
Before I could blink, we slammed into whatever it was and there was a loud thud under the tires.
“OhmyGod!” screeched Melody, as we rolled over whatever it was that we hit.
I slammed my foot on the brake and the car came to a quick halt.
“What did we just hit?” asked Susan, her voice shaky. “What the hell was it?”
Trembling, I looked at her. “Maybe it was that thing. It could have flown around and came at us from the back.”
“Then who cares if we hit it,” said Melody. “We just need to get the hell out of here.”
I caught a movement in the corner of my eye and Melody screamed as Susan’s door was ripped away from its hinges. 
“Susan!” I cried as the winged monster dragged her out of the car, kicking and screaming.
“Help me!” she shrieked, trying to get out of the beast’s grasp.
Crying, I jumped out of the car and raced toward them. “Leave her go, you freak!” I screamed, beating on the gargoyle’s head with my fists. The scales made my skin bleed, but I ignored it, along with the pain, and kept punching.
“Chelsey!” screamed Susan, still frantically trying to get out of the gargoyle’s grasp. “Help me!” 
The monster screeched angrily and then backhanded me. I flew backwards and my head hit the pavement, the pain overwhelming, but all I could think about was saving Susan. I scrambled back up and then cried out in horror as the beast leaped into the sky, carrying her like a rag doll into the darkness.
I closed my eyes and fainted.

 
Chapter Fifteen

Chelsey


When I finally came to, I was lying in a hospital bed, wearing a hospital gown. Confused, I tried to sit up but the pain in my head took my breath away.
“You’re awake,” said a nurse, peeking her head into the room. She was tall, with short curly red hair, and green glasses.
“Yes,” I replied in a raspy voice.
She walked inside and began examining me. “How do you feel?” she asked, checking my pulse.
“My head hurts. A lot,” I replied, wincing as I moved it.
Her smile was sympathetic. “I’ll get the doctor and I’m sure he’ll order something for the pain.”
“Is my mom here?” I asked. My head was a little fuzzy and I couldn’t exactly remember why I was even in the hospital.
“Uh, no. Let me get the doctor,” she said, walking away. “We’ll return shortly.”
I closed my eyes and tried to remember what happened. After a few seconds, the memory of Susan being carried away by the monster came back to me and my breath caught in my throat.
Was she okay? Had I been dreaming?
Someone knocked on the door as I tried getting out of the bed to search for my phone. 
“Yes?” I answered.
“Hey, sleepyhead,” said a man wearing a white lab coat. 
I slumped back against the pillows. “Hi.”
The nurse walked in behind him and they both approached the bed. 
“How are you feeling, Chelsey?” he asked, looking at a clipboard. 
I sighed. “My head hurts.”
“I’m sure it does,” he replied. “You have quite the lump back there.”
“Can you tell me if there was a girl named Susan Fields who may have either visited me or was admitted here?”
The doctor removed his reading glasses. “No, not that I’m aware of. Is she a friend of yours?”
“Yes. She was with me before I blacked out. Where are my mom and dad? Hasn’t anyone contacted them?”
He sighed. “I’m not sure where they are. We found your home phone number and tried contacting them, but they haven’t returned any of our calls.”
My eyes widened. “How long have I been here?”
“Since last night,” he replied. “I’m rather surprised myself that they haven’t called us back.” 
“You left a message?”
“Of course we have.”
 “What about my cousin, Melody Fairfax? Did she bring me in? Maybe she spoke with them?”
“No, actually a young man brought you here, along with your purse and cell phone.  Then, he pretty much vanished,” said the doctor. He tapped his pen against the metal on the clipboard. “I wish I had more information to give you. But, right now, that’s all I have.”
“You really don’t know who brought me here?” 
“Guess not,” he replied. “Look, Chelsey, the sheriff will be in to see you sometime this evening. He has some questions for you. Maybe he can help you get to the bottom of all this and figure out where your parents are.”
“I hope so,” I replied. “Do you know where my things are? I need my phone.”  
“They’re in here,” said the nurse, opening the closet door. She pulled out my purse and walked it over to me.
“Thanks,” I replied, taking it from her. I unzipped the top, pulled out my cell phone, and then quickly dialed my mom’s cell phone.
“We’ll be back in a minute,” murmured the doctor, his smile reassuring.
“Thanks,” I replied as mom’s phone continued to ring. When she didn’t answer, I left her a message and then dialed my dad.
“Dad, it’s me. I’m in the hospital, the one in Shore Lake, I believe,” I said, staring outside, into the darkness. It was after eight, and I couldn’t imagine why they hadn’t been to the hospital yet. It had been over twenty-four hours since I’d last spoken to them. It made no sense that they hadn’t at least tried to call me. “I can’t get ahold of mom, either, and… I’m scared. Please… call me.””
Next, I tried calling both Melody and Susan, but neither of them answered. Upset, I sent them both texts.
Maybe they were still with Aunt Jody?
I searched for her name in my contact list and dialed her as well, but got the same results. My eyes filled with tears as I tried my mom again.  “Mom, please call me,” I begged. “I need to hear from you.”
As I hung up, there was another knock at the door. 
“Yes,” I said, wiping the wetness from my cheeks. “Come in.”
A man with dark hair poked his head in the door and smiled. “Excuse me? Chelsey Fairfax?”  
“Yes.”
“I’m Caleb Smith, the sheriff here in Shore Lake. Do you have a few minutes?”
“Yes, of course,” I replied, sitting up straighter. “I’m so glad that you’re here. You have no idea…”
He chuckled. “Now that’s not something I hear every day.”
Smiling grimly, I pulled the blanket in tightly. “I’m scared, Sheriff. I don’t know what’s going on, I don’t know where my parents are, and I think my best friend might be dead.”
His eyes widened. “Whoa,” he said, reaching into the pocket of his brown uniform. He pulled out a pen and a small notepad. “Now you’re scaring me. Chelsey, I think we’d better start from the top. Tell me how you ended up with that bruise on your head? What do you remember?”
“Uh, okay. Have you spoken to my parents?”
He sat down in a chair next to me. “I’m trying to locate them. Have they been traveling lately?”
“No,” I said, and then proceeded to tell him about my cousin Melody.
“You say she’s missing?” he asked.
“Well, she was and then I found her. But…now she is again. I think.”
He frowned. “I’m confused.”
Sighing, I started from the very beginning and told him everything. When I got to the part of how we used the fake I.D.s to get into Club Nightshade, his eyes narrowed. “Obviously, you know that’s against the law.”
“I know,” I replied. “And… I realize that it was stupid. Very stupid. But, we did find Melody.” I proceeded to tell him the rest of my story, but when I got to the fight involving the band Venom, he stopped me.
“Chelsey, were you taking any drugs last night? Any hallucinogens?”
I shook my head vehemently. “No,” I replied. “Absolutely not! It was all real, Sheriff, I swear to God. I’m not making any of this up.”
From the expression on his face, he obviously did not believe me. He scratched the side of his cheek. “Hmm… Well, why don’t you just continue?”
I did, but when I got to the part of Susan being swept away by the gargoyle, he smirked. “Come on, Chelsey… you can’t expect me to believe that, now can you? Honestly, a gargoyle?”
“You have to believe me,” I said, gritting my teeth. “It really happened.”
“You’re talking about vampires, Chelsey.”
“Yes, and werewolves!” 
He closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. 
“Look, did anyone find my car?” I asked, getting desperate. “The gargoyle ripped the door right off of it. A human couldn’t do that!”
Sheriff Caleb raised his pen again. “We did not find your car. I wasn’t even aware that it was missing,” he replied, jotting on his notepad. “But, we’ll search for it.”
“We were attacked about a quarter of a mile east from Ruth’s Diner,” I said. “It has to be there. Unless, Melody drove off with it. Have you spoken to her?”
“No, I’m sorry.”
My head began to pound even harder. Frustrated, I blinked back more tears. “What is happening? My family is missing and so is my best friend.”
“We’ll find them,” he replied. “I’m sure they’re all fine. Confused, but fine. Hell, maybe they’re out driving around, trying to find you.”
“They thought I was seeing a movie last night.”
“Obviously, they were wrong.” The sheriff stood up. “Let me make some phone calls and see if I can send someone out to your aunt’s place.”
I grabbed a tissue and blew my nose. “Thank you, Sheriff.”
“We’ll keep trying to get ahold of your parents, too,” he said, walking toward the doorway. 
“When can I go home?”  
“I’ll check with the doctor, and if you can leave, I’ll drive you home myself,” he said, putting the notepad in his pocket. “Maybe we’ll run into your parents.”
“I hope so. Thanks.”
He gave me a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, honey, we’ll reunite you with your parents soon enough. Let me speak to the doctor and we’ll get the ball rolling.”
“Okay.”
After he left, I got out of bed and pulled my clothing out of the closet. I then went into the bathroom, washed my face, and changed back into my sweater and jeans. A few minutes later, there was another knock on the door.
“Yes?” I said.
The door opened and the nurse from earlier appeared. “Here, I brought you something to ease the pain,” she said, holding two white pills and a small cup of water.
“Thanks,” I said, talking them from her.
“You might feel a little sleepy,” she said, staring at me as I swallowed them down. “But at least the pain will subside.”
“What did the doctor say about my head? I forgot to ask.”
“I believe that you just have a slight concussion, nothing too serious. He’ll talk to you before your released.”
“Okay. Does that mean I can leave soon?”
“Yes, the sheriff is talking to the doctor now. I’m sure you’ll be checking out before nine.”
It was almost eight-thirty. “Cool.”
“Let me know if you need anything else.”
“Thanks, nurse,” I squinted to look at her name tag. “Jennifer Gardener.”
“You’re welcome, Chelsey.”
 After she left, I grabbed my cell phone. When I noticed that there was a message from Melody, I sighed in relief. I quickly dialed my voicemail and listened.
“Chelsey, it’s Melody. Listen, you’ve got to get out of the hospital, now! And whatever you do, don’t go anywhere with Sheriff Caleb, he’s one of them, Chelsey. A vampire! I’m serious… don’t say anything to him about what you saw last night, either. If he finds out that you know what took place at Club Nightshade, you’re as good as dead. Now, hurry and meet me in the parking ramp. Fourth floor. I’ll be watching for you.” She began to cry. “They’ve already gotten to our parents, Chels. They’re all dead! Please, hurry and get your ass out to the parking lot!”
Caleb was a vampire?!
Our parents were dead?!
Choking back a sob, I grabbed my purse and rushed to the door. Just when I was about to open it, someone knocked from the other side.
Crap, crap, crap!
Trying to remain calm, I pulled the door open, and stood face-to-face with Sheriff Caleb.
“Oh good,” he said, beaming a bright, white smile at me. “You’re ready. Perfect timing because I’ve been told that you can leave as long as you’re under my protection.” He nodded towards the lobby. “I’ve already signed you out, so we can just go. I take it you’re all set?”
I swallowed hard. “Uh, actually, I’m almost ready, but my stomach hurts. I think I have to go to the bathroom. Can I just meet you in the lobby?”
His smile fell. “Uh, sure. I can wait for you there.”
“Good. I won’t be long, Sheriff. Thanks so much for doing this.”
“No problem. You know,” he looked at his watch. “I need to call my daughter anyway. Tell her I’m running late. I’m supposed to be dropping off a late dinner for her.”
“Good idea.”
After he left, I waited a few minutes and then snuck out of my room and down the hallway. I then followed the signs until I found an exit that led to the parking ramp and then took the stairs. When I reached the fourth floor, my eyes scanned the cars, but I didn’t recognize any of them. I pulled out my cell phone to call Melody, when an old black Firebird with tinted windows turned the corner of the lot and sped toward me, its engine rumbling loudly. I held my breath as the passenger window rolled down and a hand waved at me.
“Melody,” I said, sighing in relief as the car stopped next to me. 
She opened the door quickly, got out, and pulled the seat back. “Hurry, get in before someone sees you.”
When I noticed who was driving, I stared back at her in horror. “What are you doing with him?”
Slade looked up at me from inside of the car. “Get in, Chelsey.”
“No way,” I said, taking a step backwards. “You’re one of them. A vampire.”  
Slade smiled grimly. “Yeah, I’m a vampire, but I’m also your only hope. So, get in if you want to make it out of here alive.”
Melody grabbed my wrist. “He’s right,” she said, her eyes haunted. “We’re both dead without him.”


End of Book One



Watch for book two, Slade, coming this fall - 2014

 
 .  
 

Author Note


Thank you for taking the time to read these sample books. To find more of my work, please see the following links. Thanks again!

www.kristenmiddleton.com

Facebook Author Page





