Aní
Magnus Vågen
Copyright 2014 Magnus Vågen
Smashwords edition
Acknowledgements
First of all I would like to thank my parents, who bred me, fed me and housed me. And they still do, which is commendable considering my irritating nature.
I would also like to thank my friends for providing me with support, and inspiration for some of the characters in this book.
More specifically I would like to thank Malene Wetteland for (unknowingly) providing me with the inspiration for the magic system, and Odin Blikeng for providing constant feedback during the writing process.
And that would be it. Enjoy.

Table of contents
Maps
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Letters
Letter from the author
Maps and cover art made by Magnus 



Prologue
"General Kark!" An officer shouted. Kark turned to face him. 
"What?" He asked calmly, placing strategical bricks down on the map next to him. 
"It’s the rebels, they’ve mobilised an army and are attacking our forces!" The officer said, trying to catch his breath.
"I see." The general said, turning back to the map. "How many are they, and where are they attacking from?" He asked, pulling out a few new bricks from a pouch.
"A bit over a thousand. Half is holding our troops occupied by the end of the camp, and the other half is going around to flank us. We’ll be trapped between two forces within minutes, sir." The officer said, finally catching his breath.
"Ah, twice our numbers then." Kark said as he placed out a few bricks on the map. He took a few steps away to get a larger view. He stood still for a few seconds.
"Officer, dispatch orders to the third and fourth regiment to hold back. I want them to prepare a defensive line against the group of flanking rebels. Tell them to dig in near the centre of the camp. I will give orders to the other regiments myself." Kark commanded calmly.
The officer saluted and exited the tent. 
Kark inhaled, then exhaled. He walked over to the tent wall, and took his sword down from it. A master-forged bastard sword, with pristine inscriptions running along the blade. He sheathed it to his belt and started walking with determined steps toward the battlefield. 
Soldiers from the third and fourth regiment was rushing up towards the centre of the camp as Kark walked downwards, each saluting as they ran by. There was little fear in their eyes, more anticipation. General Kark was known to be an excellent strategist, tactician and warrior. The men had full confidence in his leadership. 
He neared the end of the camp. The sound of clashing swords was coming ever closer. He walked past the last couple of tents, and out to the battlefield, where the rest of his officers awaited him.
"Give orders to the second and fifth regiments hold their ground. I will take charge of the first regiment. The plan is to charge through their lines, and use the centre lane as a flanking position. Once we’re done with this force, take all the men to support the third and forth regiment."
The officers saluted and ran through the men to dispatch the orders. 
Kark walked straight ahead, through the first regiment. As he walked past the men, a great sense of relief came to their faces. With long, determined steps he went further towards the front line. He unsheathed his sword and started running.
"Men! We will cut their force in two, then we’ll drive them off! To victory!" He shouted as he rushed past the last few men before jumping into the the rebel force. The men shouted courageously and pushed forward with renewed vigour. 
Kark blocked two incoming blows, he pushed them off and slashed at the two rebels. The two rebel soldiers fell. Only seconds later a group of four surrounded Kark and attacked simultaneously. He dodged one blow, and blocked another. He noticed a third sword nearing his neck, his adrenalin rushed. He ducked, and rolled on the ground. He swung his sword to block an incoming blow, the swords hissed at the connection. Again he had to dodge a sword swinging dangerously close to his neck. He could not perform a counter offensive against so many people attacking at once, no matter his skill.
He got surrounded by the group, they attacked from several directions. He barely managed to block the incoming blows, and the ones he couldn’t, he tried to dodge. It was somewhat of a hopeless situation.
I really didn’t want to resort to this. He thought. He extended his mind and felt the warm energy in the air. He grabbed it, and pulled it towards his own body. He felt the energy in his muscles, his bones, skin, ears even. He didn’t pull much, but enough for him to be just a bit faster and stronger.
He blocked an incoming blow, but with his enhanced body he managed to push the opponent’s sword back, and slash down on him. The rebel died. With their numbers reduced, the three rebels fought more carefully, but to no avail, they fell shortly thereafter. 
His own soldiers had almost broken through the front line of rebels, and was starting to split the enemy force in two. Smiling, he set to work on another group of rebels, dispatching them with ease.
After a few, hard fought minutes the soldiers had successfully carved a path through the centre force of the rebels. Even though the soldiers were still outnumbered, they had gained the positional advantage, and the battle was going in their favour.
Kark looked over to the centre of the camp and saw several moving figures locked in combat. It seemed like the flanking group had engaged the regiments. Lets hope they’ll hold till we get there. He thought.
After nearly half an hour of intense fighting, the rebel forces fled, having lost too many. The soldiers weren’t without losses either. Just around half of them remained, but it had been a convincing victory. The soldiers got little time to rejoice in their victory however, as Kark climbed up on a large rock to shout out new commands. 
"Men, we have won this battle, and rather convincingly so! However, the third and fourth regiments are locked in combat with just a large force as we faced! We will flank the remaining rebels, dig through their lines and force them to disperse!" He shouted. "Now go!"
The soldiers responded with a resolute "HO!", saluting as they did. They started marching quickly toward the main camp, Kark with them.
The soldiers in the centre of the camp had done well. Their quickly constructed defensive position had, with the help of the soldiers, held the rebel force back. Only a few of the rebels had fallen however, and the soldiers were overwhelmingly outnumbered. Even with Kark’s reinforcements they could not gain the numeral advantage .
Kark commanded his force to flank the rebels to the right, he himself would lead the third and fourth regiments in a frontal attack when the attack started.
As he entered the lines of the regiments their spirit was lifted, and they started fighting with renewed vigour. Kark had always believed they wanted to prove themselves to him, but he wasn’t sure as of why. Perhaps he was a good general? Or maybe being a good general was the ability to make your men fight just a bit harder while in your presence? He really didn’t know.
"We’ve held the position, as you ordered." An officer said, slightly out of breath from fighting. "What are your orders?"
Kark smiled. "Oh, just keep on holding. The battle by the edge of the camp has already been resolved. The remaining soldiers will flank the rebels soon, when they do, we rush forward and chase the rebels away."
The officer saluted, and ran back towards the defensive line. 
Half a minute later, the remaining soldiers charged the rebel position. In the confusion Kark lead a frontal charge, making the rebels fight defensively on two fronts. 
Slashing through the rebels was no challenge as the rebels were demoralised for being forced into a multi front-defensive position. Kark didn’t even have to resort to energy use to successfully take down many of the rebel soldiers. 
The regiments pushed the rebels hard, and after only fifteen minutes of fighting their will broke, making them flee from the camp. The soldiers celebrated with shouting, hugging or praying thanks to whichever gods they believed in. And all of them, in their hearts, gave Kark the honour of the victory.

"How many men did we lose?" Kark asked. He had settled down in his tent after the battle, forging a report on the event. He needed to commission new troops, supplies and armament.
"Roughly two hundred." The officer answered.
Kark grunted. "I’m losing the touch. How many rebels were killed?"
"Seven hundred and fifty."
"Let’s make that eight hundred. It makes the report look better." Kark said, scribbling down the number on the paper.
"Tell me, Tilju, where will you go after your obligatory service is done?" He asked, turning away from the newly completed report.
Tilju thought for a moment. "I’ll probably go back to Kin and reenact my role as a guard commander. Somebody has to keep the citizens in line." He answered. "And what about you, sir?" 
"Hm. Maybe I’ll go to Kin as well, cozy up to the queen. Always good to have her on your side. Or maybe I’ll pay Avelin a visit, it has been far too long." Kark answered.
Tilju sat down in a chair, not far from Kark. "Who is this Avelin? You are always rambling on about her. Is she your lover?"
Kark burst out in laughter. "Oh gods no! She is no more than a friend, or rather, family. We grew up together. She has a boy, Aní I believe his name is. He is coming of age, and it is time he got a sword of his own. Knowing his father I can only guess that he’ll be out traveling very soon."
"Ah, and which sword will the great general Kark offer?" Tilju asked.
Kark looked at him. "Now now, you may be nobility, but you may not address your superiors as anything except their title. I have not officially been granted the title of great yet, so refrain from using it." Tilju nodded. "As far as the sword goes, I’m thinking of my very own. It is of good quality, and has proved itself useful and sturdy on many occasions. It will be a good gift."
Tilju smiled. "I guess it will be."
Chapter 1
Antor
If you travel east from Kin, through the woods between the lakes Ín and Kó and follow the river Aro, you will come upon a town. The gateway between Eitaph and Naruga as it is popularly called. There is an academy on the top of the hill overlooking the town all the way down to the docks. Antor is a wooden town, with only the academy and a few of the dock buildings being made in stone. 
Most of the men in town build ships for a living, and some few lucky ones gets to be the captain of one. Especially famous for it’s luxury fleet, and the beautiful Anto beach not a mile south of the town makes Antor a great tourist location for rich Narugan merchants. Having low crime rates, and being a prosperous town, it is also a great place to raise children. 
One of these children is Aní DeAntor, born in the 3rd era year 13 he is 16 years old. Being born into a rich family, he had the privileges of going to the academy on the hill, having fulling meals every day, and his own chambermaid to top it of. He is a well built boy, always being fond of running around the streets of Upper town, he is fast and strong. He also has all the education he will need to be successful in Eitaph, just like his father. Having light brown hair, blue eyes and a pretty face, and small stubbles on his chin, he is very popular with the girls at the academy. He lives in Upper town, where most of the rich families resides, in a large wooden house built of quality timber. The rest of the rich families lives by the docks, where they can monitor their shipping operations more effectively.
"Son, come down here, we need to have a chat." Aní’s father called from downstairs. Aní, who was in his room studying Narugan history under the light of a candle instantly thought of everything he had done wrong during the last six months. He prepared for the worst as he blew out the candle and started walking toward the staircase. 
"Son!" His father exclaimed impatiently as Aní reached the staircase. He started walking faster, down the staircase, through the kitchen and into the large living room. The fireplace in the rear end of the room was lit, it and a few candles made the room shine with warm colours. On the table sat Aní’s mother and father. Aní stood there, waiting for them to start yelling at him for kissing a girl outside of marriage, or taking food from the food stock to feed a hungry dog in Low-town. 
"Well son, what are you waiting for? The chair is right there." His father said in a surprisingly pleasant tone, pointing towards a chair by the table. 
Aní went over to the table and sat down. "We are so proud of you," his mother said as he pulled out a chair, "not only are you best in math and economy, but among the top 10 in history, geography, military tactics and strategy!" She said with increasing eagerness. 
Aní was surprised, not only because it was rare for his parents to show any sign of affection or pride, but also because he did not expect to be the best in any subject before the start of this semester. 
"We received a letter from your headmaster." His father interrupted his mother before she got over the top emotional and sentimental. "He says in his letter that you have always been a good student, if not a bit impulsive, but he did not expect you to do this well in school this last semester. I’ve known that old bugger for a long time, he doesn’t send parents letters like this unless he’s genuinely impressed." 
Even though Aní appreciated the kind words given to him by both his parents and headmaster, he did not understand the reason of them giving him such praise. 
"We have decided, son, that after you graduate from the academy, we are going to send you to Kin." Aní’s father said triumphantly. Aní was shocked. He knew what this meant: either to become a disciple of one of the great trade masters of the city and become an economical force of his own. Or to study further in the famous political academy in the city, and serve under prince Ilke and live a long, plentiful life, if not a bit stressful at times.
"We just wanted to let you know a few days in advance," his mother said, having calmed down a bit, "so you can say goodbye to your friends, and that girl you’ve been hanging out with." she said with a little wink. 
"Now, you should start planning what you want to bring with you," his father stated, "you can’t bring your whole room." 
Aní sat there, a bit confused and with a lot of questions. Unfortunately he would not get an opportunity to ask them, as his mother looked out the window and said: "Oh look, the moon is already out. I guess it’s time for bed, right Aní?" It was a line she used every time she thought the family should go to bed.
Aní had already made the answer instinct: "Yes, I guess it is." He said without considering it would nullify his opportunity to ask all the questions he had, and even worse; he would have to wait until after he got home from the academy tomorrow to ask them.
"Yes, we should go to bed. Goodnight Aní." His father said as he started to push out the chair so he could stand up. 
"Oh, and Aní?" His mother said before Aní could exit the living room. 
"Yes mom?" He answered, stopping by the door. 
"I know you have a lot of questions, but you should focus on your history test for now. We’ll answer them after you get home from the academy tomorrow." She said with a calm and soothing voice. "Now go to bed, and sleep well, you’ll need that energy for the test." 
Aní went to his room and did his bedtime preparations and went into a deep slumber.

The next morning was perfectly normal, his father out working, and his mother out socialising. His mother had her own social club for women further down the street. There they talked about their husbands, other women, gossip coming from Kin and other things. His father owned one of the docks down at the harbour, and had 15 ships doing trade runs between Antor and Kynu, the capital of Naruga. 
Aní made himself breakfast. He had grown accustomed to the iron stove in the kitchen and was well versed in making soups, which was no surprise considering he always made soup for breakfast, and had been making his own breakfast for 4 years. He sat down and started slurping the contents of the bowl, thinking about the sudden and unexpected conversation the day before. 
As he thought about it, more and more questions popped into his head. Traveling and studying in Kin is expensive, betting that much money on me is not like my parents. He thought. How long will I stay in Kin? Where will I stay? How will I get there? Was questions repeating themselves in his head. 
He finished his soup, put all his schoolbooks, feather, quill and paper neatly down in his bag. He exited the house and locked the door, and started walking further up Upper town, towards the academy.
Halfway there he met his good friend Ponal Aniadi. A tall, slender kid with shoulder long blond hair. He had the closest resemblance to a baby-face of anyone Aní knew, with no facial impurities, scars or stubble. Having a father as the queen’s advisor in eastern Eitaph, he was substantially richer than Aní, or anyone else for that matter. 
"Greetings!" Ponal called from across the street, as he started running towards Aní. 
"Did you study for the test?" Aní asked as Ponal reached him. 
"Yeah, I feel very prepared, spent almost a whole week studying. Still, I won’t get a good a grade as you though." He said nudging Aní, hinting at jealousy, although Aní knew that jealousy was his way of telling another person that he admired him. 
"Oh stop it, I think the teachers just started falling in love with me last year and started giving me good grades. I mean, I was passable up until last semester and then, bam, good grades. What other explanations is there?" He joked. 
"Yeah, that would be a perfectly logical and reasonable explanation." Ponal responded, laughing. 
They walked further up the street as horse-wagons passed by them carrying rich men’s wives too lazy to walk. They passed a corner, and the academy in all it’s splendour appeared up the street. The two towers connected by the gate, and a circular wall around the building itself. It wasn’t only an institution of learning, but the town’s defensive fortification. Having a whole regiment of armed Eitaphian troops defending it, even though an attack was unlikely, seeing as the town has not been attacked at any time in history.
"You know, I’ve been thinking. What if the Naruga rebel force decides to attack the city? Will the academy be able to withstand it? I mean, considering you’re top 10 in tactics and strategy you should know this." Ponal asked.
Aní thought about it for a second. "Well, the rebel forces lack in siege weapons, and mainly rely on light infantry using close-ranged weapons. They would not be able to destroy the academy, nor breach the walls. They would most likely raid the town itself." Aní responded. 
They both looked over at the academy which grew ever closer and evaluated the statement. They both concluded that this was good enough a theory and walked to up to the gate which was open during the morning hours to let the students in. 
It was always cold inside the academy in the morning hours, and always too hot during the day. One of the disadvantages of a stone building opposed to a wooden one is the time and energy required to manage the temperature within the building, and there is no efficient way to cool it down.
As they entered the academy, the headmaster greeted them. "Ah, master Aniadi, and if it isn’t mr. DeAntor!" He always greeted Ponal with a certain amount of respect, because his father was one of the greater benefactors of the school.
"Greetings headmaster, what can we do for you?" They responded simultaneously. 
He looked at them and smiled. "Oh nothing, can’t an old man have a little chat with his students before they scurry off to their classrooms?" It was a rhetorical question as he did not let them answer, and continued talking. "I received the letter from your father, master Aniadi, where he confirmed that he wished for you, Ponal, to travel to Kin to study at the political academy and delve further into the workings of this world. After you pass all your tests here of course." 
Aní looked at Ponal and said with a surprised look on his face. "Oh, what a coincidence! My parents are planning to send me to Kin as well!" The headmaster and Ponal looked at each other, almost like they knew something Aní didn’t. 
"Thats not quite how it is." Ponal said with a kind of glee. "You see, my father and I had this conversation with the headmaster some weeks ago, where he expressed his desire to send me to Kin to study." Ponal paused, looking at Aní. 
"Oh come on, you know something I don’t, blurt it out already!" Aní said impatiently. 
"Well, I said that I’d love to." Ponal said, taking another dramatic pause, "but I didn’t want to travel to, and stay in Kin alone." 
Aní started putting the pieces together, but he stayed silent. 
"My father knows that you and I are good friends, and the headmaster agreed to show him your grades. He concluded that you would be a good companion of mine, so he sent a letter to your parents where he expressed that he would be willing to pay both for travel, accommodation, and the costs of studying at the political academy." 
Even though Aní already had guessed the answer, his jaw hit the floor. He jumped Ponal shouting: "You tall, blonde, stupid joker!" As both Aní and Ponal hit the floor. 
"Well, I’ll leave you boys to it." the headmaster said and walked away. Aní stood up, then he helped Ponal up.
"I knew you would be happy, but tackle me to the ground screaming in my face like a madman happy I would never expect." Ponal said jokingly. 
"If that wasn’t one of your expected responses you surely didn’t consider the prestige and level of the political academy." Aní answered as they started walking towards the dining-hall. "Really, you should work on your predictatory skills." He joked.
"You just made that word up." Ponal pointed out. 
As they walked through the entrance hallway and into the dining-hall, where they ate during recess, they bumped into Marie, Aní’s "secret" girlfriend. 
"Oh, hi Aní, Ponal." she said, already blushing. She was a shy girl who had always had a crush on Aní, but never got around to saying it. Ever since Aní took her behind the academy and gave her a kiss, she’d blushevery time she thought about it. 
She was a pretty girl, with her mother being from Naruga she had dark, curly hair flowing down her back. She liked to swim during summer, so she stayed in shape too. Even though she didn’t like showing it, she was at least as intelligent as Aní. The plans she came up with from time to time would astonish everyone, like the time she got a map of the underground tunnels under Antor, so they could smuggle schoolbooks from the academy-library to the kids in Low-town. 
"Good morning, oh fair lady." Aní proclaimed as he bowed down, pretending he had a hat which he twirled around a couple of times before placing it on his chest. "Morning." Was all Ponal said, greeting her with his hand. 
Marie laughed at Aní while waving her hand politely at Ponal. 
"Are you guys all set up for the history test on Narugan history today?" She asked while pulling herself together from Aní’s mediocre act, which she somehow found immensely funny. 
"You’re going to ace it Marie, your mother being Narugan and all." Ponal said. 
Aní added: "Yeah, a bit of an unfair advantage you’ve got there." 
She gave that kind of cranky-cute angry-face that only she could do. "You know, my mom never helps me with school-work, she wants me to learn things by myself. I do study hard." 
Aní and Ponal laughed a little at the obvious lie that Marie told. 
"Right, right. Anyways, we should get to class. And you should get to the girl’s wing." Aní said. They exchanged pleasantries and headed for each their classrooms. Marie had classes in the girl’s wing of the academy, established no more than 19 years ago. Ponal had economy before history, and Aní started with history. 

The final test of the spring semester students. Do not fail.
-	what is the biggest city in Naruga (and also largest in the whole of Einach)?
 Kynu, with 3,2 million inhabitants. The great bazaar is located there, where the rumours say you can get a hold of anything from wooden swords to great warships on the spot. The palace of minister Linarch is placed on the small hill slightly north of the town square, he is the minister of the Íao province.
-	what was the 40-year war?	
When the Ensari civil wars ended in 1.147, the countries Eitaph and Naruga were formed, marking the beginning of the second era. Thirteen years later Eitaph invaded Naruga in hopes of restoring the old Ensarí kingdom. In the beginning the superior weaponry, armament and training of the Eitaph troops made it easy for them to push into the Íao province and take Kynu. However after repeated battles between the Eitaphian and Narugan armies, Eitaph officers started noticing that the number of Narugan troops hardly dwindled, if at all, which is still to this date a mystery. After repeated attempts to take the  northern province of Naruga, Har, Eitaph started loosing more and more skirmishes. A peace treaty was signed in 2.53, but not before Naruga not only had retaken Íao, but also seized the province of Onara.
-	How did Eitaph take political control over Naruga?
After the great peace following the 40 year war, which lasted until 2.1437 Naruga was again invaded. However this time it was Kerbal, the north most country on Einach, who carried out a shock invasion. This marked the beginning of the 3rd era. They retreated only one year after invading, but left most of Naruga, especially Har, devastated. As a response Eitaph sent aid both in form of medical supplies, but also military aid. There were, only six months after the invasion, Eitaphian troops in every major city in Naruga. Also, the delivery of supplies increased the Narugan people’s opinion of Eitaph. Unfortunately the supplies never reached Har, because there was still fear of Kerbal soldiers patrolling the area, which were later revealed to be untrue. After a few "donations" to the ministers of Onara and Íao, and other people of importance, Eitaphian rule over Naruga was signed by the minister moot in 3.9, even though the minister of Har was strongly opposed to the idea.
-	when did the great typhon hit, and what was the cause and effect?
I’m Sorry sir. I did not study that subject, but I think it had something to do with the gods dissatisfaction of the Narugan way of life.

Aní aced the test, not considering the question about the great typhoon. As he walked out of the academy and headed for the gate, he saw Ponal standing by the west tower, no doubt waiting for him. 
"So, last day of school tomorrow." He said as Aní came over. "You know, it’s only 3 days left until we travel to Kin. Our own little adventure, it’s going to be so exciting! You know, I hear that the students of the political academy get to travel the world and learn about all the cultures on Einach! It’s a big continent you know!" Its was obvious Ponal got excited just talking about it.
"Yeah, it’s going to be an experience. It’s gonna be hard to tell Marie though. And I’m not even going to mention the packing, what a hassle." Aní said jokingly. They laughed and headed home. In reality, Aní couldn’t wait to get home. He wanted to start planning what to bring right away, not to mention getting some more answers from his parents.
Chapter 2
Arrangements
Aní crossed the street, soon he would be home. The faint smell of the blueberry pie the DeAntor family’s chambermaid always made on special occasions let him know he could expect visitors later. His parents were most likely home, considering his father always wanted the first slice of the pie, which wasn’t a surprise, it was really good. 
Most of the houses in Upper town were made of high quality, dark timber. They were large and spacious, and often two stories high. And some, like Ponal’s home, were large mansions. 
The scent of blueberry pie graced Aní’s nose, more by the second. He was sure the whole neighbourhood was envious at the DeAntor family for having, not only a great chambermaid well versed in cooking, but also direct access to blueberries from the markets in Kynu. Even though blueberries were uncommon during spring, there were specialised ships sitting docked outside Kerbal’s eastern coast, selling frozen goods at a premium.
Aní got closer and closer to his home, soon he’d be able to see it. Now the scent filled every air molecule and Aní’s mouth produced more saliva for the sole purpose of being able to consume more blueberry pie. He could see his home, and started walking with more determination and speed.
"Oh, hi Aní." He heard from his right. Marie emerged from in between the houses. 
"Hi Marie, what are you up to?" Aní asked, managing to slow down the momentum he had built. 
"I’m going to the farmer’s market to buy some supplies for my parents before heading home." 
There was a pause, like every other time Marie tried to ask a question. She used the extra time to formulate the question perfectly, at least, that’s what she thought. 
"And since you’re here I though that, maybe you wanted to come with me?" She barely managed to look him in the eyes asking that simple question, even though they had been dating for a couple of months. 
But, but. The pie, can’t you smell the pie? Aní thought. "Yeah, sure. What are you getting?" Was what he said. Marie smiled and turned to walk down the street.
"Oh, just some vegetables and ox-meat for my graduation tomorrow." She said with a triumphant smile, happy about being more important than eating pie, she did notice the smell.

They passed Aní’s house where the scent was strongest. Aní took a deep breath through his nose, imagining the taste of blueberry pie as the couple walked further down towards the marked.
"You know, I’m gonna miss you." Marie said after they had passed a few houses. 
"What? Why would you miss me?" Aní blurted out as convincingly as possible. 
"Oh, no need for that. Ponal told me during recess. And I’m happy for you, and Ponal too. Getting to go to the political academy and all that, but, I’m going to miss you a lot, that’s all." 
She was sincere, and Aní let the words sink in a bit before answering, trying to formulate an appropriate response. 
"Hey now, this isn’t going to be farewell, but more of a "see you soon" or in the worst case, a short term "goodbye". Nothing to worry about, really. And we’ll see each other on graduation day tomorrow anyways, and I’m sure we can meet up before I go. But for now lets focus on getting those supplies shall we?" He asked, nudging her and smiling. 
She seemed content with the answer. And with that, they continued down the street towards the farmer’s market.

Aní looked over the busy farmers hurrying to get their goods to different tents set up all around the town square. Some carrying wheat, some leading different animals to the butcher’s tents. 
The market was split into three main groups: corn, vegetables and meat. The different tents were colour marked dependent on which wares they sold. Almost all of the people in Antor bought their food here, both because of the good prices and offers, but also because of the well-known Antor quality. Even though the docks and the Anto beach were the official prides of the town, the market got it’s fair share of praise as well.
Marie started walking toward the green tents, the ones that sold vegetables, Aní in tow. 
"Let me see... Ok! So I need two tomatoes, one cucumber, one cauliflower and two pounds of ox meat." She said as she fished up a little note from her bag, presumably a shopping list. "Ok Aní, I think that if we split up we can get a hold of the wares more quickly. Now here’s 30 ettars, that should be enough for the ox meat. Two pounds, ok?" She said as she put the ettars in his hand. She walked down to the town square and disappeared between the green tents. 
Aní turned around and looked for tents with a red flag or marking, which meant they sold meat.
As he walked down through the town square he kept looking for a red-marked tent that said "ox".
There were a lot of people in the square at the moment, mostly shipbuilders who’s shifts ended around this time. They would go grocery shopping for their wives before heading home. Aní had to push himself through the masses of largely built shipbuilders before finally spotting a red-marked tent with a big sign "Ox" plopped down right in between two giant steaks. 
He made his way through the shipbuilders and headed for the tent. A couple of kids were running around, seemingly from Low-town, playing. 
Even though the meat was always fresh, there were a certain stench hanging over the red tents, old blood on the displays was mostly to blame. Aní went up to the tent and asked for two pounds of meat. 
"That’l be twenty two ettars kids." The rugged butcher said as he reached for a giant steak he could cut into a two-pounder. Aní nodded and reached for the ettars.
Suddenly he got overrun by the kids that were playing around, they tackled him to the ground. And just as soon they came, they ran away amongst the tents and shipbuilders. 
"You just got robbed kid." Chuckled the butcher, as he put the giant steak away. 
"Hu?" Aní asked. Still confused, he checked his hands, the 30 ettars were gone. Adrenalin rushed in his veins. 
"Be ready with that steak butcher, I’ll get those ettars back!" He shouted as he started to chase the kids. 
Catching up to kids while pushing your way through large shipbuilders and navigating through  tightly packed tents was no easy task. As he rammed his way through the masses he managed for a split second to get a hold of the arm of one of the kids, but the kid quickly wriggled his way out of it. 
He followed the kids to the end of the square, where they split up and scurried into the side streets. Aní decided to run after the two kids heading for northern Low-town. 
When out of the masses the children lost their advantage, and Aní gained his. He could run in a straight line, and he could run fast. In a matter of seconds he caught up. He tackled one of the kids to the ground, and pinned him down. 
"So, now I want my money back, kid." Aní said breathing heavily, assuming he got lucky, catching the right kid. 
"Heh, I don’t have your money, sir. My boss told us to lure you into one of the side streets, I really don’t know why, sir." 
As the kid said that, more and more kids approached from all directions, trapping him in the narrow street. Even though they were a bunch of nine and ten year olds, Aní couldn’t beat them all in a fight, neither could he run past them, he really had been played the fool. 
It was surprising, Aní thought, that children this age, without education, could come up with such an elaborate plot. 
"Well, well, well." He heard an older kid’s voice say, maybe fourteen years old. "It seems that your own tactics works very well indeed." Aní let go of the kid beneath him and turned around to have a look on the kid’s face. The face looked strangely familiar. It was clear the boy was the group’s leader. 
"Recognised me yet?" The kid asked. "Let me give you a hint: you, your pretty girlfriend Marie and that strange, tall, blonde person that keeps following you around did a little covert operation some years back. The goods you delivered did indeed pay off, seeing as even you did so easily fall for that little trick." 
Aní slowly started to remember the time Marie got a hold of a map of the underground tunnels under Antor. Then he came to a realisation.
"We smuggled those books to you kids! That was you!" Aní said astonished. The whole pack of kids started to laugh as their little act ended just the way they wanted, and the tension that was there just moments before, disappeared. 
"So, the king of tactics and strategy finally faltered." The older kid proclaimed, extending his arms.
"to bunch of kids I should add." Aní mumbled. 
"Hey, we just wanted to thank you. You know, thanks to your books and teaching we managed to make a living tricking rich Narugans. We distract them, and then we pickpocket them, just like a battle tactic! We can afford a fulling meal every day now. So thanks a lot." One of the smaller kids said. 
"And now that we’ve demonstrated our skill to our master, I guess you can have your money back." The older kid said at he handed the 30 ettars back to Aní. Aní accepted the money, stood up and brushed the dirt off his clothes. 
"Thank you all for the game kids, I’ll be sure to take all of you out one day. Now however, I have to get going. Marie is surely waiting for me to buy some meat." Aní said as he started to walk back to the farmer’s market. The kids scurried off, surely to rob some other rich Narugan.
As Aní got back to the farmers market things had calmed down. Now there were less of the manly shipbuilders and more Low-town wives looking for a bargain. He went over to the red-marked tents and found the ox sign. 
"Those kids showd’ya good right? Seen ‘em robbing folks blind without ‘em even noticing. Weird of them to take such a direct approach though." The butcher said as he saw Aní approaching the tent. 
"Just their way of saying ‘thank you’, I guess. Anyways, is the two-pounder still available?" Aní asked as he strolled up to the tent.
The butcher looked confused, but kept in touch with his limited service skills. "Sure thing kid, you got your money back?" He asked. Aní showed his hand revealing the 30 ettars. 
The butcher looked surprised as he reached for a giant steak to cut. "Never seen ‘em give money back to anyone. You’re lucky, kid." 
As he said that, Marie rounded the tent and blurted out: "Aní, where were you? I was worried. Why is there a scratch on your cheek?" Aní touched his cheek and felt a stinging pain as he stroked further down. He concluded that one of the kids must have scratched him when he was tackled. 
"Oh just an accident, but hey, I got your meat oh fair lady. Let us gather the nutrients and make sure your family can feast!" Aní proclaimed in a flirty manner as he received the meat from the butcher. 
"You really look like a fool doing that, but it is sweet." Marie attempted to flirt back. Aní smiled and they started walking back to Upper town.

When they got to Aní’s house, they said goodbye. Aní handed over the ox meat and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. Marie blushed as she turned to walk away. Aní turned toward his home and entered the door.
As he entered the living room he saw his mother and father sitting by the dining table. Joined by Ponal and the queen’s advisor, Ponal’s father. On the table was a plate with blueberry pie crumbles on it.
"Ah, young master DeAntor, please come and sit. We were talking about you and my son’s journey to Kin in a few days." Ponal’s father said. Aní crossed the floor, picked the seat next to Ponal, and sat down. 
"We were discussing the means of transport we should use to send you two youngsters off to Kin." Aní’s father said, with blue teeth and tongue from eating too much pie. 
"Yes, we were debating wether we should hire a land convoy, and travel by land, or use one of your father’s flat-bottom ships to travel up the river to lake Ín." Ponal’s father said, looking at Aní. "As the top student of tactics in your school, wouldn’t you agree that a land convoy is much more easily defendable than a lone ship on a river?" He asked to gain support to his side of the debate. 
Aní was surprised to be tossed into the discussion so quickly, but it seemed as if he had to answer. "Generally speaking yes, but it truly depends on..." He started explaining as his father interrupted him. 
"Master Aniadi, you have been truly too kind to our family, giving our son an opportunity like this is an act of pure kindness. I can’t sit idly by and watch you pay all the expenses yourself, as you already have done so much. Please, allow me the responsibility of arranging transportation and protection for the kids. You have my word that they’ll be safe and in capable hands."
Aní’s father was well spoken, most likely because he spent most of his early days bartering and discussing prices with Narugan merchants before making his fortune. 
"And I’m sure a little sailing experience will only do them good, especially if the rumours about the political academy’s expeditions are true." He added before allowing Master Aniadi take the word again.
The debate lasted a little longer, but with both Ponal and Aní taking the side of the river sailing, Old Aniadi had to give in. "Oh well, one cannot win every discussion." He said, conceding defeat. "And I’m sure that one who can win over me in a discussion so easily is surely capable of arranging appropriate protection and transportation for the kids." He added to slightly sweeten his loss. 
"Don’t worry, I’ve been commanding fifteen ships of unruly sailors for several years now, it shouldn’t be much of a problem." Aní’s father assured master Aniadi.
"That is truly good to hear. Is it settled then? Two days after the graduation they set sail?" Ponal’s father asked. 
"Yes, and good riddance I say!" Aní’s father responded jokingly, but as usual his jokes didn’t make the crowd laugh. "Now I think we should go outside and save the kids the boring details of planning the trip." He continued as he rose from his chair. Ponal’s father did the same, and the two men headed out of the living room to exchange more details on the trip. 
"Oh well, I guess I should help the chambermaid clean up after your two messy fathers." Aní’s mother said as she left the room. Now only Ponal and Aní was left in the room. 
Aní leaned back on the chair, slightly tilting it backwards. 
"I know that you knew about this a couple of weeks in advance." Aní said in a relaxed, dreamy way. "But for me all this came so fast. You know, I had almost finished planning my life here: finishing school, start working on one of my father’s ships, gain experience and then take over the business. Marry Marie and start a family, live a good and quiet life. And now this, going to the political academy. It’s a lot to digest." He continued while looking up at the ceiling.
"Yeah." Ponal responded quietly. "So the popular kid and the quiet girl huh? Marrying, having kids. Who’d think that?" He said before the silence set in.
Being silent for an extended period of time makes you more prone to the sounds around you, at first they could only hear bits and pieces of the conversation between their fathers. But after some time they slowly noticed the faint scrubbing of plates, the flap of wings outside as birds flew around the town, and every word their fathers said was now clear as day. 
"The less you do the more you learn." Ponal said. 
Aní recognised the saying from strategy class. It was the quote of one of the Eitaphian generals trying to push into Har during the 40-year war. They learned that he went crazy after loosing so many battles, and deserted not long after saying that famous quote. 
"I guess there was some truth to those words after all." Aní said calmly. "Speaking of school, we’re most likely never going to step into the academy again after the graduation tomorrow. At least not until we get children of our own." He said, leaning forward, putting his elbows on the table. 
"Yeah, even though I’m not a star student like you, I like the academy. And even though you are the most irritating person in existence, getting me into trouble everywhere, you’re still a pretty decent friend. And we wouldn’t have met if not for the academy." Ponal joked with a hint of sincerity. 

After Ponal and Aní finished their talk, and their fathers finished planning out the details of the trip, old and young masters Aniadi bid farewell to the DeAntor family. 
"Well son, you better start planning you luggage, I suspect you’ll be gone for awhile." Aní’s father said as they closed the door. 
"Yes, yes. I’ll get to it in a second." Aní answered as he headed towards the staircase. 
He entered his room, looking over all the things he owned. He couldn’t quite decide what to bring, except the steel sword the DeAntor family’s friend, general Kark, had given him, and the map of Einach hanging over his desk. 
His mother came up after a couple of minutes. Aní was sitting by his desk, head buried in his hands. 
"Have you decided what to bring yet?" His mother asked. 
"No, I haven’t the slightest clue. Except for my sword and the map, and some of the clothes that is." Aní answered. 
"Well, if that is all you can think of, then bring just that. I’m sure that whatever you forget to bring you can buy in Kin." His mother suggested. Aní quite liked the idea of going to Kin with blank papers. 
"Very well then." He proclaimed. "I shall only bring the essentials, plus my sword and the map. Everything else I guess I’ll have to buy in Kin, I haven’t saved money for nothing after all." He looked at the small box of ettars in the corner of the desk. 
"How much do you have?" His mother asked. 
"Around 6000 ettars, from working in the library from time to time, plus most of the birthday presents from you and father." He said proudly. 
"Yes, that should be enough for at least two or three meals, considering how much you eat. Maybe you can get a hold of some blueberry pie over there? Sorry we didn’t save any for you today." His mother joked. 
"Oh look, the moon is already up, I guess it’s time for bed." She said after a few seconds, smiling. 
Aní looked out the window and saw that the moon was indeed up. "Guess it is mom, goodnight." He answered instinctively.
She exited the room and let him do his bedtime preparations. He lay down in his bed and slowly drifted into a deep sleep, thinking about the graduation. 
He started dreaming. Mostly about him saving Marie and Ponal from a dragon attacking the academy, the dragon faintly resembled the headmaster as he swooped down to spit fire over the unsuspecting students.
Even though he was looking forward to traveling to Kin, all the teary eyes and goodbyes of the graduation was something he dreaded. But he knew it would be worth it. He was, after all, going to the political academy.
Chapter 3
Good luck
Aní woke up, slightly amused by the dream of the headmaster dragon. 
Today was not a normal morning, as he heard his mother calling for help from the chambermaid, and his father stampeding over the wooden living room floor. 
He got up, got dressed, gathered his schoolbooks for the last time and walked down towards the living room.
"Oh!" His mother said when she saw him coming down the stairs. "If it isn’t my little Aní, coming downstairs, ready to go to the academy for the last time." She started tearing up already. "Such a big boy, and soon you and your little friend is off to the capital to learn more about the world." 
It wasn’t unusual for Aní’s mother to become overly emotional like this, everyone remembered how she cried the when general Kark left the house to get back to Naruga. General Kark was like an older brother to her, they grew up in the same street, and Kark would protect her from the bullies. Even though the bullies taunted her because they thought she was cute. She looked up to him, and got devastated when he told her he would be studying at the military academy in Sorra, away from their home town. 
When he got back in town six years later, he only stayed a couple of months before heading off to Naruga as a part of the military aid. There he proved his tactical and strategical insight, as well as leadership when he defended his regiment from Narugan rebel forces. He started earning promotions. He visited the DeAntor family about a year back, and gave Aní the bastard sword that hung proudly on his bedroom wall, soon to be his companion in his adventure to Kin.
"Now, now, dear." Aní’s father said putting his hands gently on her shoulders. "We all love Aní, and we are all going to miss him, but he’s not leaving for another two days, so stay your tears." 
Aní’s mom sobbed for a few more seconds, pulled herself together and said: "Well then boys, I think a grand breakfast is appropriate, considering our beloved Aní is graduating from the academy today." 
Aní and his father loved to eat, and since the chambermaid stood for most of the cooking this morning, the food was most certainly good.
They entered the living room where they saw a baked chicken, complimented with sauce and vegetables, sitting in the middle of the table. Around it were three different types of bread, some salads, and a bowl of fruit to top it all off. The smell gave high expectations of the deliciousness of the chicken as the family sat down to eat. 
"Oh my, the food looks absolutely splendid this fine morning, don’t you agree son?" Aní’s father said smiling widely to his son. 
"It does indeed father. May we, dear mother?" Aní asked as he and his father looked at his mother with big, round eyes. 
This was tradition in the DeAntor family, one must always beg the woman of the house for permission to eat when something delicious is on the table. 
"I was considering eating all this myself, but you look so cute doing that, darlings. Yes, you may join me." Aní’s mother said as she reached for the salad. Aní’s father and Aní himself did not wait long to fill their plates with delicious food, salads and fruits.
After about twenty minutes of intense eating, both Aní and his father thought they would never be able to eat nor walk again, as their body mass seemingly doubled. Left on the table were some chicken bones, some bits and pieces of salad, and an apple. This was truly a feat, even for the DeAntor family, to be able to consume so much in such a short period of time. 
"Well then. I believe it is time for us to be off to the graduation ceremony. I’m sure that if we’re late, the headmaster is going to hang a new head over his stove tonight, mine." Aní said as he slowly managed to stand up. 
The whole family got out of the living room, made themselves ready for the ceremony, then headed out the door. The chambermaid was left in the house to clean, and make an even grander dinner ready for their return.

The DeAntor family was not the first family to arrive at the academy, far from it. Nearly every other student was present with his or her parents with them. Aní saw Ponal and his parents standing in the front of the gathered students and parents, a bit to the right. Aní dragged his family over to Ponal’s. 
The families stood around a wooden plateau erected near the middle of the courtyard, in front of the doors leading into the academy, where the headmaster would have his graduation speech. The headmaster was good at speeches, which was to be expected, he had been working as headmaster for 17 years. 
"Hey, Ponal!" Aní said as he approached the Aniadi family. 
"Aní! We thought you were going to be late." Ponal said as he approached. 
"Yeah, I thought I wouldn’t be able to stand after the breakfast we had. Anyways, seen Marie around?" Aní asked as he took a quick look over the families to see if he could spot Marie. 
"Yeah, she’s around here somewhere, but hold that thought, the headmaster is having his speech now." Ponal said as the headmaster stepped up onto the plateau.
"Dear graduates, parents." He started his speech, as powerfully as his frail voice allowed him. The mumbling and talking of the crowd halted. 
"We are gathered here this fine morning not only to honour the great progress our students have made here these last few years. We are gathered here today to celebrate our graduates coming into adulthood. Each and every graduate here today is starting a new chapter of their lives here, in this courtyard. As headmaster, this is my proudest moment, to stand before the future leaders of this world and say good luck."
The headmaster spoke for fifteen more minutes, holding the full attention of every family with every word he spoke. The applause he got after the speech felt like it lasted an eternity. After the speech, the families mingled before the graduation ceremony itself. 
"After all these years he still got the voice to hold and sooth a whole courtyard full of people. An impressive old man I must say." Ponal’s father said with a slight hint of awe. 
"Yes, the old man certainly has some spunk in him." Aní’s father agreed. Even though they had been arguing over the transport and protection of Ponal and Aní, and nearly every other detail on the trip, Aní’s and Ponal’s fathers had become good friends. Or, at the very least, they enjoyed each other’s company. 
"Hi Aní, Ponal." They heard a familiar girl’s voice say. 
"Marie, hey! You don’t have your parents with you?" Aní asked when he saw that Marie was coming alone. 
"My parents went home to prepare dinner. Thanks for shopping with me yesterday." She said smiling to Aní. 
"You two lovebirds can take it somewhere else." Ponal said, not wanting to get left out of the conversation. "Aní, have you finished packing?" He asked, clearly trying to irritate Aní by making him unable to talk exclusively to Marie. 
"No, but I’ve finished planning what to bring." Aní answered, slightly irritated over Ponal ruining his opportunity to flirt with Marie. 
"I bet you’re just jealous that Aní has a really cute girlfriend, and you don’t." Marie said, teasing Ponal. This was the first time Aní and Ponal heard Marie praise herself, maybe Aní had done something good for her self esteem.
"We will now begin the graduation ceremony!" They heard from the wooden plateau. The headmaster stood on the plateau ready to begin the ceremony. "Before we start graduating the students," the headmaster said, "we at the academy would like to extend our thanks to masters Aniadi, Durmi and Furingal, having contributed much to our school both in spirit and resources." He nodded his head to each of the benefactors and continued talking. "Each of the graduates will receive a steel ring, with the academy’s and Antor’s emblem on it: the iron ship. This ring symbolises the graduate’s knowledge in the six subjects taught at this school: Math, economy, geography, history, tactics and strategy. Receiving this ring will also allow the graduates to further study in the more advanced academies, like the famous political academy or the military academy. Our best students will receive the steel ring with the iron ship dyed in gold, so where ever they may choose to go they will be recognised as outstanding individuals. May the graduates Marie Dalioni, Aní DeAntor, Christoph Mar Seru and Seilif Dun step up to the plateau?" 
Aní and Marie started walking up to the plateau as the audience started to clap for the four top students of the academy. Aní could hear his mother shouting louder than anyone else, and got embarrassed. By the time Aní got up to the plateau he was red like a tomato. Fortunately, the two other boys also had their parents there, and with the selective hearing of youth, they also heard only their parents, and were tomato red as well. Marie didn’t have her parents there, but blushed up significantly anyways. Aní thought that if her parents were present, her head would explode due to extreme blood pressure. 
"Each of these graduates have performed outstandingly this last semester." The headmaster announced. "And because of that we grant you the first four rings, with the golden iron ship engraved. Wear them proudly." He said as four of the teachers came up to the plateau, and gave a ring to each of the graduates. The applause they received as they went down from the plateau was magnificent, and Aní felt really warm inside, and a bit humbled. 
When he got back to his parents they hugged him and congratulated him. "You better get a ring like that from the political academy as well. If you don’t you’re not getting any hot meals for a week." His father joked while admiring the steel ring.
The graduation ceremony lasted a couple of hours more. Only four graduates at a time. Ponal got his ring in the group after the top students, and Marie, Aní and Ponal decided to take a walk while the ceremony continued. 
"Man," Ponal said as they walked through the gate, "I’m the only one who didn’t get a golden ship ring. This sucks." He said while looking displeasingly at his ring. 
"It’s no big deal. Both you and me are going to the political academy, and after that that ring won’t even matter... That much, at least." Aní said trying to be supportive and comforting. 
Ponal looked at him. His eyes telling, wow, really nice try, really.
"Must you boys always compete?" Marie said trying to stop the foul mood that was developing. "You’re going to the same place anyways, together. What does a little gold on a ring matter?" She asked. Ponal got irritated, he knew she was right, but wanted to be cranky for a few more minutes.
"I guess you’re right." He muttered. 
They walked for some time talking about Aní and Ponal traveling and staying in Kin. They told Marie about all the rumours they had heard about the political academy, and how they were going to make their fortune. She was very interested in hearing about it, but Aní saw she got progressively sadder talking about it.
"Hey Ponal, can you give me a few minutes with the lady?" He asked. 
"Sure, I’ll be on that rock over there, while you two look at your golden ships and see which one looks best." He said irritated as he started to walk towards the rock. 
"Hey, it won’t be that bad." Aní said while slowly hugging Marie. "The political academy goes on many expeditions, and I’m sure that many of them will be to Antor, the gateway between Eitaph and Naruga, don’t you think? You’ll see me again soon, don’t worry." He soothed. "And I’m going to write you letters, every week. I’m going to stay out of trouble, and then I’ll come back, and I’ll stay and build a life. So don’t you worry." she didn’t make a sound. Aní decided to try and make her laugh. "By the way, if we are going to compare rings, I’d say mine looks just a smudge better." She pushed him away. 
"You really are a bad person, you know that? Making me fall for you and then you just leave? And worst of all, you leave me for a fancy academy?" She asked, tears streaming down her face. "I’m going home, bye." She said as she took off, not allowing Aní to respond. 
"No, Marie, wait! Please, I didn’t mean to..." He started explaining, but she had already disappeared in between the houses. 
"Your ring was the prettier one, I knew it!" Ponal shouted from the rock. 
Aní turned and looked at him. "Shut up! We should get back to the ceremony anyways!" He shouted back. Ponal got off his rock, and both of the boys started to walk back to the academy.

"So let us honour the students for their progress, and let us praise them for being students no longer!" 
The headmaster was in the final stretch of his speech when Aní and Ponal entered the gate. They went up to their parents, who had begun to worry about them. 
"Don’t just disappear like that Aní, you know better than that. Can’t have you disappearing at the political academy now can we?" Aní’s mother said. Ponal received similar teaching words from his father. 
"And now I believe, the time has come for this ceremony to end, and this old man to step down from the plateau. Now go home and celebrate your young graduates!" The headmaster said before a roar of applause came, and he himself stepped down from the plateau. Aní and his family clapped for a bit, then said goodbye to Ponal’s family, and headed home for dinner.
"Your mother tells me that you’ve already decided what to bring to Kin. And you have decided to bring nearly nothing?" Aní’s father asked as the family exited the academy gates. 
"Yeah, I want to bring the sword, the map and just a few of my clothes." Aní said, having already decided not to change his decision. 
"Seems you have your mind pretty much set there. Oh well, I guess I can spare 3000 ettars. You’re going to need some money if you’re going to be able to afford anything in Kin." His father said, handing him a small bag of coins he had hidden in his cloak.
"Yes, I hear it is quite expensive there." His mother added. "And considering your appetite, well, let’s just say you’re going to need those ettars." She continued as the family laughed.

When they got home the dinner wasn’t quite ready, so the first thing Aní did was to go up to his room and pour the 3000 etters into the box on his desk. After doing so he looked up at the map hanging on the wall. He put his finger on the map, and followed the river from Antor, all the way west to Ín, the lake a short stretch east from Kin. It seems like such a small distance on the map, I wonder how long it really is. He thought to himself as he heard his father shouting "dinner!" From downstairs. 
He ate, and again doubled his bodyweight together with his father. His mother just laughed at them for having such bad manners. And the sight of them trying to stand after such a meal was no less amusing.
Aní spent the rest of the day picking and packing the clothes he wanted to bring with him. Shortly after finishing, his mother came in telling him the moon was already up. 
"I guess it is, goodnight mother." He responded, and went to bed.
The next day was mostly spent on planning the specifics of the trip with his father, Ponal’s father, and Ponal himself. He also found a suiting sheath for his sword in one of the dock-shops. It suited him perfectly, being made out of dark leather, it complimented his eyes and dark fur cloak, and the iron ship engraving matched his ring. 
He didn’t see Marie for the entirety of the day. No wonder, he thought, I’ve been inside planning the trip most of the day. I hope she’ll be there tomorrow to see me off though.
Fairly content with the day, he went to bed. The traveling clothes laying ready on the side of his bed, and the sword in it’s new sheath leaning against the wall. The rest of the clothes were in a large bag in the corner of the room. His money were gathered in a pouch laying ready on top of his clothes. Relaxed and confident, he went to sleep. 
Chapter 4
Setting sail
Aní looked over the docks, Ponal was standing next to him. With them was three large bags, one of which was Aní’s. The cold morning breeze blowing gently over the ships, lightly ruffling their sails. 
Aní was wearing a standard shirt, a pair of pants, and a fur cloak to keep him warm. On his hip rested the steel sword in it’s new leather sheath, connected to a belt that wrapped around his waist. With the bag on his back one could mistake him for a traveling mercenary. Ponal was doing a similar setup, minus the sword. 
They were enjoying the view, considering it would be their last view of the docks from land for some time. As they took a couple of deep breaths of the cold, salty, spring wind from the ocean, Aní’s father came up to them.
"Well then boys, are you going to wait up all day, or do you want to come down and meet the crew?" He asked them, obviously ready and eager to toss them onto the ship and see them away. The boys picked up their bags and headed for the ship they were sailing in, a cog built for medium long voyages. The cog was a single-masted ship, with it’s cargo hold split into two separate rooms to make room for more hammocks for the crew to sleep in. 
When they got down to the ship - "the Afon" - Aní’s father went up to a group of fully armed men. They exchanged a few words before one of the men, a giant, came over to the boys. 
"So you’re the ones we’re protecting this time around?" The man asked. He was huge, at least two heads taller than Aní, one head taller than Ponal. The man was built like an ox, he had a huge torso with enough muscles to lift a tree up from it’s roots. At least that’s what Aní and Ponal thought when they first saw him. 
"The name is chief Runth, but for you it’s just Runth. If you catch any of my men calling me anything but chief however, rapport to me immediately." He said as he inspected the boys. 
"And what’s this? It seems as one of you brought a butter knife, you know how to use it?" Runth asked while looking at the sheathed sword on Aní’s hip. 
"I’ve done a few swings with it, but never sparred with anyone." Aní admitted without much hesitation. Runth knew he was an intimidating man, he respected those who could answer him directly.
"We’ll see to that during our little voyage now won’t we?" He said looking at Aní, with what Aní thought to be a glimmer of a developing plan in his eyes. Aní’s father came up to the three of them. 
"Are you being kind to the kids, Runth?" He asked while looking at Ponal, who was staring into the ground out of fear that Runth would bite his neck straight off if he looked him in the eyes. 
"I’m being payed to keep them safe, not comfortable. Now, if you’ll excuse me." Runth answered with a grin on his face, looking forward to teaching Aní a few lessons with the sword, no doubt. He walked back to his men and started ordering them around. 
"That would be Runth, he’s in charge of the mercenary band that will be escorting you two to Kin." Aní’s father said as Runth returned to his group. 
"I’m just glad that guy is on our side, he is really intimidating. I’m not sure if I’ll manage to spend a whole voyage with him." Ponal admitted, not quite able to look neither Aní or his father in the eyes after being so close to what he considered a monster. 
"Yes, he is quite intimidating! But that’s one of the reasons I hired him. He’s also quite kind, you’ll just have to give him a chance." Aní’s father said as he gave Ponal a good clap on his shoulder.

"Oi, old man DeAntor! The ship’s all set and ready to sail, get that precious cargo of yours onboard! I have a few messages I want to give out out." A little man on the deck was shouting to Aní’s father. The boys looked at the little man, slightly amused over such a small creature being able to make so much noise.
"And that would be your captain, Chump." Aní’s father said as he started leading the boys in the direction of the ship. "Now, Chump is not a kind man like Runth. Don’t ever make him mad, and do exactly as he says. The only reason I hired him is that he knows the river better than anyone. And he’s a damned good captain." Aní’s father warned the boys. 
"Now old man! the tide is on it’s way up!" Chump shouted impatiently. High tide meant the current created by the river would be reduced close to the shore, making it easier to enter. Chump wanted to reach the river when the water was at its highest. 
Aní and Ponal walked up the walkway leading to the ship. Aní felt slightly disappointed that Marie hadn’t shown up yet, but he decided not to give it much thought. 
Aní and Ponal had a strange sensation while walking up the walkway, they realised that they would be away from home for a long time. They had always been safe on land in the town of Antor, but soon, all that would be thrown away as they would leave it all behind. 
They got on to the main deck of the ship, together with Runth and his band. They took their luggage on with them and put it next to them as little captain Chump was getting ready for his welcoming speech. 
"Well then ladies, welcome to this here ship, the Afon. Within an hour I want all of you to pick out a hammock in the cargo bay, and sort your stuff out neatly down there. You may traverse as you will around the ship, but if you destroy anything or disrupt the order on the ship, you will be punished. On this ship my word is the law, and you will follow the law. Other than that, breakfast will be at sunrise, dinner at midday and you may enjoy a small snack at sundown. The journey will take approximately three weeks, so get used to the ship, and its crew. Now, get down below and find yourself a hammock!" 
Even though he was a small man, one could feel he had the experience and attitude required to be a leader. He demanded respect, and he instantaneously gained it from Aní, Ponal and Runth. 
The three of them, and the band of mercenaries, went below deck to start picking out hammocks.
"I want you two boys in the middle of my men." Runth said commandingly, pointing at the two hammocks in the middle of the room. 
"Why do you want us there?" Ponal asked as carefully as he could, making sure not to anger the giant. It did not work. 
"Did you ever listen to you tactics teacher boy?!" Runth shouted loudly, both because he got irritated over such a silly question, and the question being asked so carefully. "Where is the safest place when in a small group of soldiers?!" He was so close to Ponal’s face that his spit was flying straight into it. Aní thought in that moment that Runth would be a much better tactics teacher than any of the teachers at the academy, making even Ponal remember the answer to a tactics question. 
"I-in the middle of the group, sir, especially when you don’t know where the enemy is coming from, sir." Ponal said with nearly military preciseness. 
"That is the correct answer boy! Now, is there any more questions coming from you two?" Runth asked, surely happy about inspiring discipline into a rich city boy, and proactively hindering Ponal irritating him again. The boys shook their heads.
Both Aní and Ponal put their bags in the centre of the hammock area, and picked both their hammocks. Neither of them were too keen to ask Runth any more questions.
After sorting out their things below deck, they went up on to the main deck, and headed for the walkway. "Don’t wander far, we’ll set sail in an hour." Chump said to the boys as they walked down the walkway. 

Ponal’s father stood by the crates, inspecting the supplies before they were carried onto the ship. He was a bit paranoid about some of the food being poisoned. 
"So, father. Unless you are going to the palace to advise the queen on something, I guess this is the last time we’re going to see each other for some time." Ponal said as he approached him, both because he wanted to say goodbye to his father, and because he wanted an excuse to stay as far away from Runth as possible.
"I might have the odd trip to Kin during your stay, but not too many, I’m afraid." His father said while inspecting a crate of salted meat. "But I truly hope you have a safe travel. I hope that you, like me, have an enjoyable stay there. And gain a lot of experience at the political academy. And I hope it inspires you to greatness." He said putting his hand on Ponal’s shoulder, temporarily pausing his inspection of the crates. 
"Ah, and I almost forgot, take these papers with you." He said as he fished up some documents from his cloak. "The guards stationed around the walls of Kin are known to be quite rude and unforgiving. When they ask you who you are, show them this, it is my authentication of you being my son." He handed Ponal the papers, and Ponal put them into his own cloak.
While Ponal and his father had their talk, Aní wandered the docks, enjoying solid ground for as long as he could. He was looking around to see if Marie might have chosen the wrong dock to see him off at, but he couldn’t find her anywhere. Disappointed, he turned around and started walking back. 
On his way back, he spotted Runth standing near one of the the docks ordering his mercenaries around to get crates of equipment onboard the Afon. He decided to walk up to him. 
"Ah, if it isn’t tiny, little Aní." Runth said as he saw Aní approaching. 
"Hey Runth." Aní said, unsure of what to say next. None of them said a word after that, Aní regretted his decision immediately. Damn it, I should have planned what to say. Aní thought, not uttering a word.
"That’s quite the pair of balls you got there, a tiny boy like you walking up to a giant like me without anything important to say. I’m starting to think you have nothing to say at all." Runth said as he gave a powerful clap on Aní’s shoulder, he almost fell over because of it. "Now if you didn’t have anything to say, you can scurry over to the ship, I’m sure your father wants to say goodbye before you go." He said, waving his hand in the general direction of the Afon. 
Aní was glad to have an opportunity to get out of the awkward situation, and quickly walked towards the ship, noting to himself never to randomly approach Runth again. 

Next to the walkway his father was ordering around some sailors that was resupplying the ship. Aní never really got to see his father at work. He had been at his work desk studying the trading contracts and the company charts for an economical assignment. However, he had never seen his father working as a leader, and just from the few orders Aní heard him give, it was obvious that his father made a great leader. That must have been how he managed to make his fortune. Aní thought as he walked over to the man. 
"Aní, I was looking for you, you didn’t want to leave your old man behind without saying goodbye then?" He asked in his normal, cheerful manner. "You got everything with you? Have you counted your money?" He continued.
"Yes, father. Everything is ready, and I’m ready to go." Aní said. 
"Well then, what are you standing here for? You should get onto the ship." His father said while pointing up the walkway to show one of the sailors where he wanted the crates. 
"Oh, I don’t know, maybe I wanted to say goodbye to my father, seeing as I’m going to be away for who knows how long?" Aní said throwing his hands in the air. 
"We’re setting sail in a few minutes!" Chump shouted from the main deck. 
Aní’s father turned around and looked Aní in the eyes, now more serious. "Well then, lets part properly." He said while reaching his hand out to shake Aní’s. "You have a nice journey, all right? Come home safe and rich, I do want an early retirement." He said smiling in his usual, non-serious way. He could only be serious with his son for so long.
"Don’t you even worry father, I’m going to be rich, mighty and famous." Aní reassured him, giving him a quick hug. Then he walked up the walkway, getting ready for the departure.

Ponal and all of the mercenaries were onboard, save for Runth who was walking up the walkway. "Ladies! Anyone or anything not on this ship within the next minute is not coming with us to Ín!" Chump shouted as loudly as he could. They could hear the ropes connecting the ship the the dock was loosened and the walkway was pulled away from the dock as soon as Runth stepped onto the ship.
"If you forgot something at home this is not the time to go get it! Wave nicely at the people nice enough to show up at your departure! That would be all!" Chump finished and headed towards the helm. 
The current of Antor bay would pull the ship away from the town, then they would set sail for the mouth of the river. Aní and Ponal’s fathers was standing by the docks waving goodbye as the ship was pulled further and further away. By the time the ship set sail they were nothing but dots. 
Slowly, they moved away from the town, and closed in on the mouth of the river. 
With the town nearly out of sight Ponal went below deck, and Aní stayed topside enjoying the view. He had never quite appreciated the beauty of the rolling hills behind Antor, or the waves of the sea gently stroking the shore. It was serene and calm, soothing and magnificent. 
"Well then, Aní boy, you wear that blade proudly, lets see if you can wield it with pride as well." He heard from behind. He turned around to see Runth standing on deck with his sword raised. 
"You can’t mean I will be sparring with you, now?" Aní asked surprised. He looked at the size of the man and imagined himself getting squashed like a small insect. 
Runth noticed Aní was comparing their muscles and size. "Do you think, boy, that size matters at all when sparring? Do you think brute strength can win in a duel of swordplay? No! My strength help me carry my supper to the table. My strength help me carry my own backpack over the mountains, but it never wins me duels. What wins me duels is technique, and hours of practise. Hard work and using the sword as your companion. So don’t give me the bullshit of you not being strong enough to challenge me, boy, draw your sword!" 
Aní noticed there was some strong emotions behind the stern facade as the giant spoke. Aní guessed he must have experienced something while young that mentally affected him. 
"Very well then, we shall have our duel." Aní said as he walked closer to the giant, drawing his steel sword. 
"Make the first blow." Runth commanded. Aní followed the order and struck a blow from the right. Within a fraction of a second Runth had dispelled the attack, stepped on the blade, pushed it down and Aní with it. The boy hit the deck, face first. 
Aní lay there, on the deck bleeding through his nose, semi conscious. When he pulled himself together, he quickly got up and slashed at Runth again, this time from the left. Runth deflected the blow with his sword in one hand, and with his other he grabbed Aní’s arm and pulled him in, planting his knee in Aní’s stomach. 
After the blow Aní struggled with breathing for a few seconds. He tried again and again, but not one single blow was effective. Slowly he got more and more frustrated, before going into a rage. He hated loosing, and even if he was loosing to what had to be the strongest man on Einach. 
He was swinging his sword wildly in the general direction of Runth, who was now struggling to deflect the unpredictable slashes. Eventually Runth managed to grab Aní’s arm, he ripped the sword out of his hand and punched him in the face. Aní passed out, having a cut in his forehead from the punch, and a swollen eye. 

He woke up a few minutes later, with Runth sitting beside him on a crate one of the sailors carried onboard. Runth had scared all the sailors trying to help him by telling them: "A real man doesn’t need help with a small nosebleed like that."
"You’re awake, it seems." Runth said, noticing Aní was breathing faster. "Don’t like loosing, huh?" He continued, looking up at the large mast in the centre of the ship. "I know the feeling. You shouldn’t go ballistics like that though, that forced me to hurt you." He looked back down at Aní. "When I was your age, maybe a few years older, I studied at the military academy. I was the biggest, strongest and most respected member of my class. I got through the first semester winning all the duels against my classmates, I thought it was because of my strength, so did my classmates."
"Then, when I got into the second grade, a first grader about your size came up and challenged me. Not surprisingly, I accepted. I was so sure I was going to win. However, his movements were like none I had ever seen, sharp but fluid. Within the first couple of swings he had me outmatched. He won the match, and very convincingly so. He told me strength could only intimidate in a duel, make your opponent make foolish decisions. But if the opponent had technique, and a brave heart, strength wouldn’t matter at all." 
He kept quiet for a while, not expecting an answer from Aní, just enjoying the silence. 
"I shouldn’t have pushed you into the duel, but I think you have potential. If you let go of your emotions that is." He said as he extended his hand to help Aní stand up, Aní grabbed it and got up. 
"At the very least you have a brave heart, now all that’s left is technique, and during this voyage I think I can teach you the basics." Aní touched the wound on his forehead and felt a stinging pain. 
"You really don’t have to..." he started saying as Runth interrupted him.
"It isn’t a choice. Having as much potential as you, and not using it, is a sin. Starting tomorrow I want to have you on deck an hour before every meal, sword in hand."
After getting severely beaten by Runth, Aní was in no condition to disagree. When Runth got what he wanted out of Aní, he let him go. Aní picked up his sword, sheathed it, and went below deck.
"Did you get half-eaten by a shark, or something worse? You look like shit." Ponal said as Aní entered the cargo bay. Ponal had been laying on his hammock getting comfortable, making friends with a couple of the mercenaries. Aní went over to his hammock and sat down before answering. 
"Me and Runth had a little duel. As you can see, I got devastated, decimated and dissembled." He said while looking at the wooden cargo bay floor. "Well, at least he offered to teach me. So that makes it a little better." Aní said with a slight smile. 
The two mercenaries in the cargo bay gasped, then they whispered among themselves for a couple of seconds. 
"Runth offered to train you?" One of the mercenaries asked. 
"Yes, one hour before every meal, he said." Aní answered, curious as of what it was that made them gasp. 
"That must mean that he thinks that you’re not afraid of him." The other mercenary said in disbelief. "Everyone is afraid of Runth. And if not, they’re intimidated at the very least"
"Well, I’m not afraid of him, but I do respect him." Aní said, slightly insulted by the mercenary hinting at him being afraid of Runth. 
"Oh, ok. Well, he has tried teaching a couple of kids before, but he tossed them aside as soon as they either lost their motivation," one of the mercenaries started, "or as they slowly learned to fear him." The other one finished, adding a spooky, joking tone to it. Though, it was clear that both the mercenaries was intimidated by the giant. 
Aní was slightly amused, even though the two mercenaries had more fighting experience than him, in addition to traveling with Runth for several years, they were intimidated by him, while he was not. 
"Let’s hope that’s not my case then." Aní said, smiling widely.

After a small chat with Ponal that consisting mostly of Ponal telling Aní how ugly he looked with his new wounds, the friends returned up onto the main deck. When they got up, they saw the sun setting on the horizon, creating a warm, red colour in the sky. Matching Aní’s wounds. Ponal thought. 
They looked towards land and saw the mouth of the river Aro. The river that, in the end, would lead them to Kin and the political academy. with the day coming to an end, they decided to have their evening snack. Shortly thereafter they went to bed, exited for what tomorrow would may bring.
Chapter 5
River dangers
The sun lay behind the horizon, lighting up the sky with a faint glow. The ship had entered the river. The sea was barely visible behind the rolling hills and farmlands. Aní was sitting on the railing, looking out at the fertilised land on either side of the river. The ship slowly passed a farm, one of many in this area. 
"You know kid, I could easily push you off the railing and into the river." Aní heard Runth say behind him. He jumped down from the railing and onto the deck, facing Runth. 
"Your wounds heal fast, but you still look beat up." He said looking at the swollen eye and cut on Aní’s forehead. "Well, what are you waiting for? pull out your sword." He commanded. "I need to see your grip before I teach you anything." He explained while walking up to Aní, who pulled out his sword, gripping it tightly. 
Runth inspected his grip. "Do you know why the hilt of the sword is so long?" He asked. 
Aní looked at the hilt, and saw that there was room for about three or four hands gripping it at the same time. "That’s weird." Aní said surprised, not having noticed the length of the hilt before. 
"There is room for, maybe, four hands gripping it at the same time, but it is made for one person to use at a time. Right?" He asked as Runth pulled his own sword. 
"Left is force, right is control." Runth mumbled while checking his own grip.
"What?" Aní asked confused, not understanding what Runth was talking about. 
"You’re doing it wrong. You are placing both of your hands on the centre of the hilt, using both for unnecessary strength. Place your left hand closer to the guard, and your right closer to the pummel." Runth said. 
Aní did as he said. He noticed the weight of the blade resting in his left, allowing him to apply more force, while the right could be used to control the blade more accurately. "Good, thats it, now try a few swings with it." Runth said, backing off, allowing Aní some space. 
Aní swung the blade around a few times, with noticeably more control than before. "Oh, it’s so easy to control, it’s like it doesn’t weigh anything anymore." Aní said astounded over what technique could do to his swordplay. "So this is what you meant with strength not helping much in a duel?" He asked as he stopped swinging his blade around. 
"Well, this is part of it, a small part at that, but yes." Runth answered, approaching Aní again, raising his sword. "Spar with me again." He said. "Don’t worry, as longs as you don’t go crazy like last time I won’t have to hurt you." 
Aní had already acknowledged that him being injured the day before was his own fault, and he had no issue sparring with Runth. 
They exchanged a few blows, Aní both defended and attacked. It was clear that Runth was the superior swordsman, but Aní’s improvement from just one correction was obviously clear for both of them.

They practised different grips and techniques, then sparred for about an hour more. During which more and more mercenaries and sailors awoke, watching the exchanges between the two. 
They laughed among themselves as Runth deflected the blows from Aní with ease, and counterattacked with extreme precision. Aní was struggling to deflect the blows from Runth, even though it was clear Runth didn’t use all his strength. 

Being done sparring, Aní went down to the cargo hold and woke Ponal. 
"You smell really bad, and your hair is greasy. Have Runth been making you sweat?" Ponal asked while getting out of the hammock. 
"Yeah, He is pretty ruthless. But I learned a whole lot about swordplay! Before, I was just swinging my blade around like a half bred idiot. Now I’m starting to get it!" Ani said with increasing excitement. 
"Is it really that much fun swinging a sword around?" Ponal asked while putting on his shirt.
"It is, you should try it." Aní suggested. Ponal thought about it for a couple of seconds before answering. 
"Ok, sure. I can ask Inny if he can show me some tricks." Ponal said, slightly intrigued about the thing that had his best friend jumping up and down with excitement. 
Inny was one of the mercenaries Ponal had befriended, he was also Runth’s right hand man and an excellent swordsman.
The sun had just risen above the horizon when Ani and Ponal went up on the main deck for breakfast. Most of the sailors and mercenaries were already on deck, eating. Ponal and Aní sat down next to Inny.
"Inny." Ponal greeted him as the two boys sat down. Inny responded with a short, yet precise nod. "Aní here told me that swordplay is very fascinating. And since Aní is my trusted friend, I want to give it a try. But I really don’t think Runth would want me as his student, and if he did, I’m not sure I could handle it. So I thought that maybe you could teach me something?" he continued while twisting his thumbs.
"You know kid, me an’ the boys where just talkin’ ‘bout how weird it was for only one of youse to get free swordplayin’ practicin’. Was about to ask ye myself, but ya handed yaself straight to me. Sure I’ll teach ya, same time as Runth has his lessons with Aní." Inny answered. 
With the mood being lifted by the positive answer, Aní, Ponal and Inny had their breakfast while chatting about different fencing styles and grips.
A few minutes later Chump went up on deck and shouted: "Alright lads! Put her onto shore over there!" While pointing at a strip of sand by the river. The ship shifted direction and headed toward the strip of sand. 
"Hey! Little man, what are you doing? We’re supposed to be traveling up the river, not crashing into random strips of sand dotted along side it!" Runth shouted at Chump, who immediately got irritated.
"Do you think, you mouth-flapping cockroach, that you know anything about sailing rivers?" The little man shouted back. "There is a thing called strong current here. And it so happens, there’s a place where it is really strong, a place where the river forks. And guess what? We’re really close to that place, so close your jabber!" 
The band of mercenaries was chuckling at the funny situation, the little captain instructing their giant chief. 
"So I want all you mercenaries off the ship, and onto land. That way you’ll be out of the way of my sailors. You’ll walk a few miles upstream until you se a large boulder, a few hundred meters up the river after that, a similar strip of sand will appear. Wait there until the ship arrives." He instructed the mercenaries and Runth alike. 
"And what about the two boys?" Runth asked pointing at Aní and Ponal. That was a question the two friends wanted an answer to as well. 
"Aní’s father asked me to teach the boys a few thing about sailing, and I’m guessing the fears the currents will bestow upon them will engrave the lessons I teach." Chump said joyfully, steering the ship ever closer to the strip of sand. 
"Are you crazy, little man?!" Runth shouted. "I’m getting paid to keep these kids safe until they reach Kin, and you’re putting them in danger?!" Runth’s veins were growing wide and bulky as he shouted, producing a red colour on his face. "I will not allow it!" He was angry about having his job hindered, and having it hindered by a man half his size.
"You know what, you loud, breast sucking child? Keep talking and I might not let you back on to my ship! I’m kicking you off to keep you safe, you should be damned grateful!" Chump shouted, irritated over the - inexperienced on the subject of sailing - man still talking. 
"Oh I ain’t leaving. My boys can leave and take the hike, but for all I know one of your sailors might be be a Narugan assassin. I ain’t willing to take that risk." Runth said trying to support his case. The mercenaries laughed at Runth’s ridiculous accusation. 
"Thats the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever..." Chump started arguing, before he realised he wouldn’t be able to talk The man out of staying at the ship. And he certainly wouldn’t be able to force him off. 
"Fine, just don’t get in the way of my sailors. And everyone of your "boys" is walking." Chump said, ending the discussion. Runth smiled, and nodded quickly.
As the ship hit the sandy bottom a good two meters from the shore, the mercenaries jumped off the railing and landed in the shallow waters. 
"Inny, you’re in charge of the men, lead them up the river towards that boulder the little captain was talking about!" Runth shouted as the mercenaries walked toward the beach. 
"Sure thing boss!" He heard Inny shout back. 
The captain took a quick look over the crew, plus Aní, Ponal and Runth. "Alright boys, there are some unstable currents where the river forks. I want all of you tied up to the ship with ropes, and on standby for all and any orders I may give. Hesitating on executing an order may result in death, so do not hesitate. If you have any prayers, say them before we hit the fork, not during." He said while giving the three inexperienced sailors a stern look, to make sure they got the message. 
When done talking, Chump gave the order to push the Afon from the Sand bottom. A relatively easy task considering the ship was equipped with long oars. They set sail, and headed for the fork point. The sailors, Chump, and the three non-sailors were tying ropes around their waists, connecting them to different parts of the ships, dependent on their posts. The trio of unexperienced sailors tied themselves to the main mast, so they could lend support where needed. 
They could feel the ship shaking with increasing force and frequency. "That would mean we’re closing in on the river forking." Chump said from atop the helm. 
He was right, only a few minutes later they could see the forking further up the river. 
"Aní, Ponal, tie up the sail. Runth, man the oars, we’re about to hit the fork! Everyone else, you know what to do!" Chump commanded.
The unstable currents where the river forked was caused by the large rocks sitting a few meters out in the water, pushing the passing stream from the river around themselves. 
The ship entered the danger zone, being tossed wildly from side to side, while Aní and Ponal held on to the ship with all their strength, doing practically nothing, Runth was pulling his own weight, manning an oar alone that otherwise needed two men to be operated. 
"All right men, use those oars to get us up to max speed!" Chump shouted as the ship got hit by a random current from the left, pushing it closer to the shore. 
"Starboard oars, more power behind each stroke!" Chump shouted. 
"Is that my side?!" Runth shouted back, clearly not familiar with ship terminology. 
"Yes! The right side! The right side!" Chump shouted franticly.  Runth, and the four other sailors on the starboard side started putting more wright behind every stroke, and after a short struggle, the ship was stabilised. 
Chump allowed himself to take a few, long breaths as he felt relieved. He started to feel happy about the power-house Runth coming with them.
His relieved mood would not last long however, as they entered the area behind the rocks, where the currents were most unstable and was pushing at the ship from all sides. 
Worried that the random currents would temporarily stabilise and push the ship onto land, Chump gave the order to the oarsmen to push them past the area. 
That was a mistake, as they pushed the ship into a developing worm-pool threatening to rip the ship apart. Aní and Ponal wouldn’t dare look at the water as the ship started spinning uncontrollably. Runth put all his force behind every stroke, so did every other one of the sailors, but to no avail. The ship was trapped, spinning. 
Chump shouted out some orders no one heard. Aní and Ponal was disappointed that this was where their lives would end. I didn’t even get to taste mead, or defeat Runth in a duel. Aní thought dissatisfied. 
While Ponal thought: I’ve never been held in the warm embrace of a woman, is this my fate? To die without ever feeling her touch? 
Exhausted, Runth and the sailors accepted their fate and let go of the oars. 
As everyone was making their last amends, a strong current started pushing the ship. First a bit up, then forward, then past the rocks, and even further up the river. It didn’t stop before the ship was entirely past the danger zone. Slowly coming to a full stop. 
Celebrating and overfilled with joy the sailors set sail again, and walked up to the helm to congratulate their captain. They found him lying on the quarter deck, unconscious. His wrist torn up and bleeding heavily. The crew was shocked, but kept their cool as they quickly found some pieces of cloth to bandage the wounds with. Aní checked his pulse, fortunately the little captain was still alive. 
The ship continued further upstream, with one of the sailors taking control of the helm. As they sailed upstream, Aní and Runth carried the little man to the captain’s quarters, and put him on the bed to the right of the room. 
The room wasn’t big per say, but there was enough space for a bed, a desk, and a few other commodities. Runth assigned himself to guard duty of the captain, in case he should stop breathing, which was unlikely since they stopped the bleeding before he could bleed out.
The ship passed a large boulder on the side of the river, and true enough, a few hundred meters further up the band of mercenaries were waiting. 
The ship eased in on the sand strip, and Aní and Ponal tossed out a rope-ladder. 
The mercenaries climbed onboard, and as they did, they quickly noticed that their chief and the captain were missing. Aní tried to explain what had happened, but he noticed as he explained that the events that transpired was not natural, and made no sense at all. 
The mercenaries just got confused, and Inny went into the captains quarters to get the explanation from Runth. 
Aní was at that point realising that the ship suddenly thrusting forward, carried by a current that went against the stream just didn’t make sense. Aní’s logical mind started kicking in and he realised that the only other thing not quite making sense was Chump’s wounds. 
Where did he get them? How did he get them? He asked to himself. 
The questions Aní had for Chump would have to wait though, considering Chump was still unconscious.

Aní spent the next few minutes thinking, and trying to make sense of what happened while looking out on the lands besides the river. The river was wider now, and the stream was nearly unnoticeable. 
"It’s soon midday, it’s time for before-dinner practise." He heard Runth say behind him. "I heard you boys talked Inny into teaching Ponal a few tricks. That’s all right, you’ll need a partner closer to your level to spar with after I’m done with you. I want you to practise with him while I’m not teaching you." Runth said as he drew his sword. 
"Well then, I had one of my boys watch over Chump, and Inny has already started teaching Ponal. Can’t have my boys thinking I’m a worse teacher than him, so draw your sword. We’ll start with a quick sparring to get you in the mood, and no, a near death experience does not excuse you from training." Runth said in an attempt to be funny. 
Aní drew his sword, and they started their midday practise, hammering in the grips and techniques from the morning practice. 
"Dinner!" The ship’s chef said about an hour later, as he carried a big pot of stew up to the main deck. The mercenaries got each their plate and went over to the chef to get their portion. 
"Good work laddie!" Inny said to Ponal and gave him a good patting on the back. Ponal had enjoyed his first lesson of swordplay, and were eager to test out his newfound skills against Aní. Runth gave Aní a good clap on the shoulder as well. Being happy with the lesson, the two masters and students sat down to eat.
"Is there any damage to the ship?" They heard a frail voice yell midways through dinner. 
"Sir, you’ve lost too much blood, you should take it easy for today." The mercenary assigned to guard duty of the little captain said.
"You shut your trap, you good for nothing shit-sack! Is there any damage to my ship?" He asked again. 
"No cap’n, except for a few worn ropes from the current of the worm-pool." The sailor at the helm said. Chump exhaled, relieved by his dear Afon not being severely damaged. 
"Very good. We have to get new ropes when we get to Ín. And casualties? Any dead?" He asked the helmsman. 
"No sir, you’re the most damaged one. Billy got bruised by the rope around his waist, and Kynon hit his head against the railing." The helmsman said. 
"I don’t care about minor injuries, if there is no casualties you should have kept your mouth shut!" Chump said slightly irritated. 
"But I guess it’s a good thing that you all survived." He admitted after a small pause. "Now I’m hungry, where’s my plate?" He asked, seemingly in a better mood than just a second before.

Aní still had questions for Chump, but he couldn’t find an appropriate time to ask him. 
And so the day passed: After dinner Aní and Ponal sparred, Aní was slightly better, but not significantly. After their sparring, Runth and Inny decided to show the two students how a real duel was like. 
They found a suitable spot on the deck, and called the mercenaries to watch. They drew their swords.
Their motions were fluid and seamless, neither Aní nor Ponal, or any of the mercenaries for that matter, managed to take their eyes off the two. 
It was impressive, Aní thought, for a large man like Runth to be able to move so quickly and fluidly. Ponal on the other hand admired Inny for being able to deflect the blows from Runth, who was considerably stronger than him than him.

The same events were repeated at sundown. Runth and Inny would teach Aní and Ponal techniques until it was time to eat, and the two students would spar after eating. 
The two friends enjoyed it, sparring was exhilarating and fun, and being able to spar with one near your own level made the matches more exciting. 
The sun went below the horizon, and it became darker. Aní and Ponal decided to end the day. They went down to the cargo bay, and lay down in the hammocks in the centre of the room. Tired, but excited for tomorrow, they slept.
Chapter 6
Answers
"Good Aní, you’re starting to get a hang of the grips. Your strikes are more powerful and accurate." Runth said, pleased by his student’s progress. 
The sun was barely showing beneath the horizon, and the cold morning air filled the lungs of the two masters and students on the main deck. 
It had been a day since the incident at the river forking, and the mystery still boggled Aní’s mind. However, he had too much respect for Runth to be thinking about anything else than learning while taking lessons from him. 
"I think you’re ready to move over to stances. Right now your swings are powerful, but you are not." Runth said as he put away his sword, Aní did the same. Runth took a couple of steps away from the boy. "Try pushing me now." He said, standing normally. 
"Why would I push you?" Aní protested, not seeing the point. 
"I’m the master, and you’re the student. Shut up and push me." The giant said impatiently. Aní guessed he had no choice, he charged the man and pushed him with all his might. Runth had to step back a couple of steps to regain his balance. Aní was surprised by his own strength, being able to push a giant out of balance. 
"Very good, your power is good. All right, try now." He said. 
This time he squatted slightly, leaning his upper body a bit forward. Aní, again, used all his strength to push the giant, but this time it was he that had to take a few steps back to regain his balance. 
The giant hadn’t moved an inch, not even flinched. 
"This is called grounding yourself, it makes you more difficult to move." Runth said, emphasising the bend in the knees. "Right now you’re too tall." He pointed out. Aní was about to laugh at the comment, considering Runth was two heads taller than him. 
"You have to bend your knees, and lean a bit forward. If done correctly you should be able to block one of my most powerful blows and still be left standing. If you use the right deflection techniques that is." Runth explained. 
Aní immediately became interested in learning this new stance, just the thought of being able to stand against Runth was exhilarating. He bent his knees and leaned a bit forward, but he didn’t feel any different from before, except a slight sense of pain in his lower back. 
"No, that’s not right." Runth said after a quick examination of Aní’s stance. "Touch your ass." he said. 
Aní had to take a second to think about what Runth just said. "You want me to touch my ass?" He asked in disbelief. 
"Yes, and look for a bone, it should be right above your asshole." Runth said, serious as ever. Aní did as he said, and hesitantly searched for the bone. Within a few seconds he found it. 
"That should be pointing toward the ground at all times, especially while doing this position." Runth explained as he saw Aní finding the bone. "Right now it’s pointing towards the railing, and that’s not good for your back, nor balance." He explained. 
"What is the bone called?" Aní asked, while stabilising his back to make it point downwards, which in turn stabilised his entire body. 
"It’s called the tailbone." Runth answered, inspecting Aní’s stance once again. "That’s better, can you feel your body being more balanced?" Runth asked, already knowing the answer. 
"Yeah, Its like I’m heavier, but somehow stronger. It feels like I can dodge anything quickly." Aní said while adjusting to his newfound strength. 
Runth walked closer to Aní, and pushed him, without warning, using considerable amount of power. Aní had to take a few steps back to re-stabilise himself. 
"What was that for? Are you trying to push me over the railing?" Aní asked irritated and confused. 
"Had you been standing all tall and proud as you usually do, you’d be on the other side of the railing." Runth pointed out. "However, with that stance you’re able to withstand stronger blows. Therefore, you’re more capable to take pushes like that, without having to be bothered about drowning." He explained. 
"Now, I want to spar with you. You focus on pointing your tailbone to the ground, and getting that balance sorted out." The giant said as he picked up his sword, getting ready to spar with his student, Aní did the same without much hesitation. 
Both of them went into the squat stance, and started sparring.

They continued for some time, until the sun fully emerged from behind the horizon, and it was time for breakfast. Sweaty, and a bit tired, Aní and Ponal sat down next to each other and started to discuss sparring techniques. 
Ponal had been learning right-hand control techniques that allowed him to swing his blade around faster and more accurately. Ponal gave Inny praise for being a good teacher, and seemed very pleased about his teachings. 
Aní told Ponal about the squat stance, and the increased stability he felt. As they were talking, and eating their breakfast, Chump got out of his captain’s quarters, ready for breakfast himself. Aní still hadn’t forgotten the weird current the day before, and his suspicion of Chump having something to do with it. 
"Hey, Ponal. Don’t you think it’s a bit weird?" Aní asked as he was about to take another bite of crumbling bread. 
"What?" Ponal asked with his mouth full of it. 
"Yesterday, when we got out of that worm-pool, remember? We sailed several hundred meters up river, against the stream. And when the sailors got up to the captain, his wrists was all torn up, and he himself was unconscious. That’s two events at the same time, that does not make any sense." Aní said while taking small sneak peeks at Chump. 
"Yes, I thought about that. What do you make of it?" Ponal asked, intrigued. 
Aní took another look at Chump, thinking about how to formulate what he was thinking. "Two impossible coincidences at the same time is no coincidence. Chump and the current, I think, is connected." He explained while turning towards Ponal, looking him in the eyes. 
Ponal took a quick look at Chump, trying to see if he saw something out of the ordinary. 
"That’s crazy talk." He said after studying Chump for a few seconds. "And even if it wasn’t, you wouldn’t have any way to prove it." He continued, about to take another bite of the bread. 
"After we’re done sparring after breakfast, I’ll follow him into his captain’s quarters and try to get something out of him." Aní said after thinking for a bit. He took another bite of the bread. 
"Follow little man Chump? The guy who talked Runth into submission? When you try that I want to be off this ship." Ponal said jokingly. 
Aní was as serious as ever. He leaned back and thought for a second. "He was hired by my father after all, maybe I have some leverage there." 
Aní finished the breakfast, and so did Ponal. "Now, let’s spar." Aní said while drawing his sword, making it more of a command than anything. He moved toward an open spot on the deck without any sailors or mercenaries on it, Ponal followed. 
The two boys sparred for about half an hour. Aní was using the squatting stance taught to him by Runth, and Ponal was unleashing several fast strikes using his right-hand control techniques taught by Inny. 
The ship sailed further up the river. There were fewer farms now, and more bushes and small hunting cabins. Chump stood up, having finished his breakfast, and started walking into his captain’s quarters. 
"Hey Aní, if you wanted to do that suicide mission, now’s the time." Ponal whispered when he saw Chump entering the captain’s quarters. Aní immediately sheathed his sword, took a couple deep breaths, and started walking. 
He opened the door leading to the captain’s quarters, and entered. He saw Chump sitting behind the desk, almost like he was waiting for him. His wounds from yesterday had nearly healed, and only marks of where the wounds once was was visible. 
"Well hello there Aní, how nice of you to come." Chump said in an unusual happy tone. "Well, what are you waiting for? Have a seat." He said, pointing to a chair by the wall. Aní took the chair, lifted it, and put it down across the desk from Chump. They looked each other in the eyes, waiting for the other one to speak. 
"So." Chump said, finally braking the silence. "Seems your father’s offspring wasn’t as stupid as I feared. Well, stupid is not the right word, I think. Unlike the other pip-squeaks around here, you’re the only one who dares to ask the questions, and don’t dismiss the unexplainable as some magical coincidence." He said, referencing the current carrying the Afon so far up the river. 
"Persistent... Acknowledging the possibility that you may not know everything... Yes, that sounds more like it. So, go on then, what questions do you have for me?" Chump asked as he leaned back on his chair, making himself comfortable. Aní looked at the man, inspecting him, before asking his question.
"Were you, in any way, connected to the current that carried the ship upstream?" He asked, looking the man sternly in the eyes.
"That was quite a direct question, which you already know the answer to, I suspect. I’m afraid I can’t answer it though." Chump said leaning forward again. 
"And why is that?" Aní asked, slightly confused over the little man’s answer. 
"You see that barrel over there? That’s mead, fill this cup for me and I’ll tell you. Don’t be afraid to take some for yourself." Chump said as he handed his cup to Aní. 
Aní did as he asked and went over to the barrel by the door, opened the lid, and filled the cup with mead. He went over to the desk, sat down, and handed the mead to Chump. When he received the mead, Chump didn’t drink it, but placed the cup in the middle of the table. 
"The reason I can’t tell you, boy, is that you can’t see." Chump answered leaning back again. 
"I can’t see?" Aní asked, more confused than before the answer. 
"Well, you can’t feel. You can’t sense, you can’t touch. You’re a larva." Chump explained, trying to make as much sense to the boy as possible. "You haven’t even begun scratching the top of your own potential."
Aní felt slightly insulted by being called a larva, but he was more intrigued, and even more confused. He waited for Chump to tell him more, to share his sight with him. 
"I can’t tell you more, that would be breaking the rules." Chump said, aiming to stop the conversation. It did not work however, as Aní kept sitting still in his chair. 
"Fine boy, I’ll tell you something, but not what you hope for mind you." Chump said in the end, rolling his eyes. "Well, what if I told you..."
"Pirates!" They heard from the main deck, disrupting their conversation. The two rushed up from their chairs and ran out onto the main deck. 
"What are you well tendered idiots doing running into pirates?" Chump asked loudly. 
"We sighted them a few seconds ago, they’re coming up on the port side!" A sailor responded. 
Just as the mercenaries ran up from the cargo bay, sword in hand, Aní saw the pirate ship. 
It was smaller than the Afon, clearly built for fast hit and runs on merchant ships. Unfortunately for the pirates, there was a whole band of mercenaries onboard the ship ready to make their lives very unpleasant. Runth walked up to Aní, and positioned himself next to him, to protect him if needed. Inny and two other mercenaries did the same to Ponal. 
"Well, boy, we haven’t had a lot of time to sharpen your skills. I’ve barely even taught you one stance and a few grips. But this is a good training opportunity, so remember the things I’ve taught you, and you’ll live, probably. If you decide to run scared, I guess I’ll have to protect you with my blade." Runth said as the pirate ship came closer. 
They could see the pirates now, a hardy bunch it looked like. They were not going to be much of a challenge for Runth and Inny though, but a good chance for the mercenaries and the two friends to practice their skills. 
The pirate ship was about to hit the Afon, but then it suddenly changed course and sailed past the ship. 
"Ah, damn. It seems they spotted me and my boys before anchoring their ship to ours. I was looking forward to a fight." Runth said as the pirate ship sailed past. A lot of disappointed sighs came from the mercenaries.
Weird, Aní thought, it isn’t normal for pirate ships to suddenly change course and not attack, that would loose them respect with the other pirates. 
As he inspected the pirate ship, he noticed a slight raise in the water behind it, just like a current was pushing it. Immediately he thought of Chump. 
He ran up to the helm and looked for him, but as he stood there, Chump was nowhere to be seen. He took a quick look over the main deck as well, but could not see him. Aní ran into the captain’s quarters only to find Chump sitting behind the desk.
"And that, my good Aní, would be the power of a cup of mead." Chump said gesturing towards the cup standing in front of him. Aní went over to the cup, only to discover that the mead was completely gone, the cup completely dry, and barely the scent of the beverage was left in it.
"The cup is completely dry." Aní said in disbelief. 
"It is, it is." Chump said, chuckling lightly. "Sit down Aní, we’ve nothing to worry about now that those pesky pirates are gone." He said while pointing towards the chair Aní sat on before the two of them stormed out.
"I guess I’ll tell my story then." He said as Aní placed himself on the chair. He took a few breaths, leaned back, and got comfortable. 
"When I was around your age, I had already sailed the seas for some years, which was no surprise really, I grew up in a fishing village, and my father was a fisherman." Chump started his story. The ship swaying gently making slight creaks in the woodwork. The sound of disappointed mercenaries from the main deck was filling the room. 
"When I was about seventeen I joined the Eitaph military, and was placed in the navy because of my background. There I found my best friend, named Cher. Me and Cher had a lot of fun in the navy, especially in the taverns at the different docks we visited. Oh my, we did discover women, I’ll tell you that much." Chump was saying giving a little wink to Aní. 
"When done with the navy, the two of us, and some friends, bought us a ship. We were going to sail the seas, trade and make our fortune, and get to visit every tavern there was." He leaned forward. "It was going well in the beginning, we were making profit and lived a good life. I even bought myself a fine silk robe in a shop in Kynu." 
He took a small pause, breathing a couple of times before continuing. 
"And so came the day where the good turned bad: It was on a trade run between Antor and Kuch, if my memory serves me right. We were sailing close to the shore, and saw a ship that seemed to be stranded on a rock. ‘Leave them, they got themselves there, they get themselves out.’ Cher said, acting like the arse he was. Me and the other boys disagreed though. We went over to help, anchoring our ship a few meters from the stranded ship."
"Me, Cher and two other men took a rowboat over to the stranded ship, leaving a good five men left in our own. When we got to the ship we climbed up the railing, but no one was onboard. We looked around, but saw nothing, of course it was a setup."
"While we were looking around for survivors, a big rowboat emerged from behind the stranded ship, heading straight for our own ship. It was pirates, aiming to steal the ships of sailors foolish enough to try and help them. Cher was first to notice. He took the rowboat and rowed back to our ship as fast he could. I was in the cargo hold at the time and didn’t get up before the fight on our ship was well underway. We might have had the advantage in experience, with all of us being navy folks, but they had the numbers. Against our six on the ship, the eleven pirates quickly killed all our men, Cher included." 
Chump stood up, took his cup and went over to the barrel of mead by the door. When he came back the cup was full of the beverage. He sat down, cup in hand. This time he downed the whole cup in one go, burping when finished. 
"And so I started traveling around Einach. I’m telling you, the best way to learn is to travel. I learned very much during that period, for one I learned to see the world differently. I traveled for a good seven years, and then, about twelve years ago I met your father. He was building a trading company focusing on the trade route between Antor and Kynu. I wanted in, and he needed experienced sea folks. And so I started working as a captain under your father." Chump concluded his story. 
Aní looked at him for a few more seconds, expecting there to be more. 
"And what about your connection to making currents?" He asked, not feeling he got the answers he wanted. 
"I’m not making currents boy. I’m simply altering them. And no, I can’t tell you any more." Chump said, slightly irritated over Aní pushing a question he had already said he wouldn’t answer. "But if you really want to find out, you should head to the military academy and look for someone who can see." Chump said while standing up and heading towards the bed.

"Now get out and let this old man rest." He said pointing towards the door. 
"Aní! Did you see that? The pirates saw Runth and Inny and got scared! Our masters look so fearsome, our enemies won’t even dare approach us, they’ll flee in fear!" Ponal said loudly, overly excited. The main deck was nearly clear of people, and the gang of disappointed mercenaries had dispersed. 
"Indeed they are. Runth said he’d protect me with his blade, but it seems instead he protected me with his looks." Aní joked before the two friends bursted out in laughter. 
"And what of the meeting with Chump? Did it bear any fruit?" Ponal asked when finished laughing. 
"Well, I got to hear the tale of his life. But he said nothing about his role in making the current. I’m afraid I have no concrete evidence to present as fact for his involvement." 
Aní was lying to his friend. He never liked giving small fractions of a truth, he rather enjoyed taking his time learning the whole truth before revealing any of it. Hopeful that Ponal wouldn’t call him out on him lying he waited for a response. 
"Damn. We’ll have to interrogate him together later, I’m sure we can produce results if it’s the two of us instead of just one." Ponal said after thinking for a few seconds. "Now then, my sword-arm has been tingling since the near-pirate-attack, so how about a little duel? To test our skills." Ponal suggested while stepping back and drawing the practice sword he had been given by Inny. 
Aní agreed and drew his own sword. They sparred for a few minutes, Ponal with the faster swings gaining the advantage first. But after Aní adjusted to the fast style, his stability gained the advantage, and in the end, resulting in him winning the duel.

After this nothing noteworthy happened. There were no more attempted pirate attacks, and Chump stayed in his captain’s quarters the whole day, resting. With a few exceptions, of course, like dinner and evening snack, were he came onto the main deck to get his food. However, he retreated soon after, not allowing either Aní or Ponal to barrage him with questions. 
During the two remaining training sessions, they further developed the techniques their masters taught them that morning. Even though Aní and Ponal were novices, their development over just two days were impressive, so Runth and Inny thought. 
With nothing else to do with the day, Aní and Ponal went down into the cargo hold, lay in their hammocks, and slept. 
Chapter 7
Arrival
The days started blurring together as the three weeks came closer and closer to an end. Aní and Ponal had gotten used to the schedule by now: One hour training before every meal, then eat, then spar with your friend until the next scheduled training. 
Their constitution had gotten significantly better, and even Ponal could now with ease spar for a good hour without having to take a break. Which came to a surprise to the boys, as Ponal had never really done anything physical back in Antor. 
Both Aní and Ponal had started to develop strong muscles, especially in their arms and thighs. Runth, at this point, would have to spend at least five minutes to bring Aní to his knees during a duel, Inny had to use four to bring down Ponal. 
Their duels had a loyal audience consisting of some of the mercenaries, half of the sailors and Chump, who always enjoyed a good sword fight. Their duels became more and more exciting to watch, as their movements were quicker, sharper and more accurate. Runth had taught Aní most of the basics of swordplay, and some more advanced techniques, same had Inny taught Ponal.
Aní and Ponal had tried pressing Chump for information during the remainder of the voyage, but it turned out to be fruitless, as Chump was extremely stubborn.
"Good, excellent really!" Runth exclaimed. 
The river was wide now, with trees on either side. The river was about to enter lake Ín, which lay in the middle of the forest Unno. There was no sounds except the creaking of the ship, the heavy panting and the occasional clash of swords coming from the masters and students. 
"We expect to dock by the village by the lake within a few hours." Runth said to Aní as he finally brought the boy down to his knees after an exhilarating match. 
"From there we’ll walk to Kin. Which will take about two days. From there Ponal’s father’s servants will escort you to his mansion in the city." 
Runth sounded almost sad about being so close to be separated from his student. "During that time we’ll only have time to practise when we set up camp." He continued. 
Aní stood up, and wiped the sweat off his face. "What’s the matter big guy? I’m sure you’ll have some assignments in Kin during my stay. You can hammer in some new techniques into me then." He said while brushing dirt off his shirt. 
"Fair enough. Now, enough with the chitchat, we still have a good few minutes left of this session. Now listen up, you did a few mistakes here and there..."

Taking a small break from duelling, Runth told Aní what he could improve on and what cost him his victory. Aní was paying close attention. With their bodies recharged, they went at it again, clashing their swords together, trying to bring the other down. 
Midways through the duel, right after Runth had managed to push trough Aní’s defences and was starting to push him back, the chef shouted "dinner!" Which had become everyone’s favourite word during the voyage. 
"I made something special for this last one, so appreciate it!" He said while putting down the giant pot in the middle of the main deck. Aní and Runth halted their duel and went over for dinner. They were soon joined by Ponal and Inny who sat down next to them. 
Aní had a large portion of the day’s stew. It tasted odd, but good. Aní couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. "Hey chef! What spice did you use in the stew?" He asked, with his mouth half full of food. 
"Ah, I used Kerbal Inur berries. It is said they have the same effect on the body as an entire night’s worth of sleep, making it completely refreshed. They’re expensive, so I spared them until the day of arrival, when you’d need them the most. It’s good that at least one of you rascals has a fine enough tongue to be able to appreciate the taste of something wonderful!" The chef said as he walked back into the ship’s kitchen. 
Confident in the chef’s words Aní, Ponal and the two masters ate, and true enough, half an hour later they were revitalised. Aní made a mental note of remembering the berries, in case he should come over them in the markets of Kin. The two students went back on deck after a quick after-dinner rest, raised their swords and started sparring.
The Afon entered Ín, the lake east of Kin. The forest being thick on either side of the lake. Ín was a big lake, one could barely see the shore on either side of it if you were standing in the centre. 
Dytin, a small fishing village by the lake, was laying comfortably in between the trees. With it’s small houses and huts, and only the tavern and the general goods store as major buildings, Dytin was quite tiny. As the ship sailed closer to the village, Chump got on deck. 
"Alright men, we’ll sail as close to the village as possible, and then we’ll drop anchor outside it. We’ll then take the rowboat and row onto shore. I want everyone’s things sorted out neatly, and ready for being rowed onto shore within thirty minutes!" He said while gesturing towards the village. 
Aní and Ponal seized their training and went down below deck. It wasn’t very difficult to pack their things, as they had barely packed anything out. They gathered their bags and put them up on the main deck, waiting for the rest of the mercenaries to get up from the cargo bay.
The ship sailed smoothly over the water towards the village. Getting ever closer to the village, Aní was staring into the forest on the side of the lake, feeling it swallowing him, putting him in a sort of trance. It was a calm and comfortable trance, soothing and warm. 
"Alright! We’re here. Drop the anchor!" Chump shouted as the ship was as close as it could to the village, pulling Aní out of the trance. The ship dropped anchor, and the mercenaries were all ready to go. 
They lowered the rowboat from the Afon, and stuffed as many mercenaries as possible into it. It took the little rowboat five runs between the ship and the shore to get all the mercenaries, Ponal, and Aní ashore along with their belongings. The little captain stood atop the helm when the cargo for the voyage was delivered ashore. 
He shouted: "Hire the man named Goran to help you get through the woods, he knows each and every tree!" 
And then, when the rowboat was lifted up onto the ship once again, it lifted anchor and slowly drifted towards the river. Chump disappeared with it. 
"Well, you heard the man." Runth said as the ship sailed away. "You two boys look for the man in the tavern. Your father gave me extra money for supplies, so I’ll head for the general store." He said, looking at Aní and Ponal. "And for the rest of you, I want you to set up camp just outside the village, to the west."
Ponal and Aní headed for the tavern. It felt odd. They were back on land, touching ground, but it was not the ground they were used to. In Dytin the streets were not made of stone nor wood, like the streets or dock-area in Antor, but made of dirt. Being so close to water it was also slightly muddy. 
The leather shoes Aní and Ponal was wearing was not liking the treatment they were getting. They made their way over to the tavern, not difficult to spot, being the only two storied building in the village. 
Outside the tavern there were broken glass scattered about, and the ground smelled like century old puke. The building itself seemed like it was in a decent state, apart for a few broken windows and the lack of coating over the wood. 
They entered, and the odour of the place struck them like a war-hammer. Moist and warm, the air in the tavern was full of the smells of puke, piss and other odours of human waste, filling Aní and Ponal’s nostrils. 
They made an expression of pure disgust when entering the place, and maintained it for a few seconds before adjusting to the smell. 
There were a few men in the tavern, all but one looking like typical drunk wretches, and the one not looking like one was the barkeep.
"Goran!" Aní shouted as he got used to the smell. At first the mumbling chatter of the drunkards was halted, then it started again, leaving no reaction. 
Then one of the drunk wretches stood up from his barstool. He walked over to the boys in a seemingly non-threatening way, until he tackled the boys to the ground. 
The drunk man was laying on top of the two of them, reminding them of the powerful odour that filled the room, only that this was the source, and it was much stronger. 
"The only time someone calls me by that name is the few times my wife gets home, which I hope she will, and decides to drag me away from this glorious shit-hole. you two don’t look like my wife though. At least I think so, I’m pretty drunk so I might be wrong. Are you Eva?" The drunk man, presumably Goran, asked as he was trying to focus his sight on Ponal’s face. 
"We’re not your wife!" Aní said, clenching his nose with his fingers. 
"Well, then you must be customers!" Goran shouted to loud enough that everyone in the tavern could hear. "Looking for a guide through the fantastically glorious  woods of whatever the forest’s name is." He said, standing up, allowing the two boys to get up as well. "Well then, let me get home and gather my equipment. Where shall we meet, oh glorious lords?" He asked bowing so far down he lost his balance. 
"We’ve set up camp west of the town, meet us there when you’re ready." Aní said as both he and Ponal stepped at least two meters away from the walking stink bomb. 
"Very well! I shall infar... Infer... Inform you of my fee when I get to the camp. Now, if you two glorious masters would excuse me." Goran said as he wobbled towards the door.

Aní and Ponal was a bit concerned that the man wasn’t going to remember the location of the camp, even less remember anything about the deal at all. Nevertheless, they walked trough the dirt streets of Dytin. Being a small village, they quickly got out of it. They headed a bit to the west and spotted the camp quickly. 
Tucked neatly in between the trees, the camp consisted of a rather large campfire in the centre of a clearing and some small tents dotted around. The mercenaries had rented horses to carry the luggage, they stood by the puddles dotted around the camp. 
"Had any luck finding the man?" Runth asked as the two boys approached the camp. 
"Well, we’re not exactly sure." Ponal said hesitantly, imagining the face of the drunkard they met in the tavern. 
"We found someone we think is him. But he was piss drunk, and we don’t know wether he got the message or not." Aní answered while scratching his head. 
"Well, we’re not leaving until tomorrow, so we might as well wait and see. And if he doesn’t show up I guess we’ll have to rely on Inny’s sense of direction." Runth said pointing towards one of the tents, presumably where Inny was. 
It didn’t seem like too bad of an idea, relying on an experienced traveling mercenary to guide them on a mere two days march. 
Aní looked further into the forest around him, and quickly changed his mind on the matter. It seemed so huge and deep. He saw himself being swallowed by the trees and the leaves. Slowly he was put in a trance, like he was on the ship. He managed to focus on the campfire, and got out of the trance the forest was putting him in. He shrugged at the thought of the forest, and made a mental note of not staring into it.
They needed a guide through the woods.

After a couple of hours a man approached the camp. 
Ponal and Aní had been sparring almost constantly since arriving. It was pure fun now. They understood each other’s stances, knew what the other was planning. They understood the basics of swordplay as well, so reading different opponents was not much of a challenge either. But developing skills with swordplay together, and sparring every day makes you very aware of the other person’s habits. 
Their duels looked fluid now, like Inny and Runth’s match looked back on the ship. They were, however, not yet as good as the two masters.
The man walked into the camp. He looked well groomed, with a finely trimmed beard. He had a large bag on his back, containing different supplies, like food and warm clothes. In addition he was carrying a bow and some arrows, presumably used for hunting. He himself was wearing a pair of thick fabric pants, an undershirt made of wool, and a normal, plain shirt. 
He looked around, and saw Aní and Ponal sparring near the centre of the camp. Immediately he walked up to the two.
"Well, here I am. Took me a while to trim my beard and wash myself, piss drunk as I was. But I am here now. I hope my late arrival does not complicate things?" The man asked. 
"Are you Goran?" Aní asked, slightly astounded over the total transformation he had undergone in just a few hours. "And you’re not even a tad bit drunk anymore? You were quite the drunkard back there." He pointed out, gesturing in the general direction of the tavern. 
"Yes, while my wife is whoring around god knows where, I hide myself in the tavern trying to forget about it. Talking about forgetting about it, don’t make me remember, so from now on my wife, or my drinking problems is off-limits topics." Goran said politely, but seriously. "Now, to my payment, I charge five hundred ettars for the trip, and an additional 250 for taking you through the shortcut and keeping you safe. I’ll take my payment when we arrive at Kin."
"Yes, ok. I’m sure there’s an extra bedroll for you somewhere, you should talk to Runth about that though." Aní said, looking about.
The boys couldn’t quite adapt to the new him. They didn’t know what to do or say next, as it seemed Goran was waiting for something, which created an awkward pause.
"Well now, I need to know that you actually have the money." Goran said, being a bit dumbfounded that the boys didn’t know the norms of bartering a deal. 
"Ah, yes of course." Aní said. He started walking over to his bag. It was strapped onto a tent, and Aní had to remove the bag before opening it. Inside the bag he found his pouch containing the 9000 etters from home. He brought it with him and showed it to Goran, who approved, concluding the deal. Aní walked back to the tent and strapped his bag back on, putting his pouch neatly in it. 
He went back to his friend, drew his sword, and again they sparred.
Goran introduced himself to Runth and Inny. The two of them immediately took a liking to the man, having not seen him wretchedly drunk. 

"Speaking of food." Goran said to Runth as they were talking about the Inur berries they were fed for before arriving at Dytin. "Are you making any at the moment? I can feel my belly rumbling." He continued. 
"Well yes, it should be time for supper rather soon I think. Hey Loan, is the supper ready soon?" Runth shouted over the camp to the mercenary in charge of the food.
"It has been ready for a few minutes now!" heard shouting back. 
"Ah, excellent, I’m sure the boys are hungry too." Goran said, remembering how intensely the boys were sparring when he entered the camp. 
Runth agreed, and took a deep breath before shouting: "Ponal, Aní, the supper is ready! If you don’t get any food you’ll die a horrible death! Starving isn’t fun!" 
The two boys seized their sparring and walked over to the campfire.

"So, tell me Goran, why do we need you to guide us through the woods? It can’t be that hard to simply keep heading west?" Ponal asked. 
The sun was setting, and the campfire gave a warm look to everyone sitting around it.
"Haven’t you felt the forest yet?" Goran asked. Aní immediately thought of his conversation with Chump, and how he said he couldn’t see, feel or touch.
"What do you mean, ‘felt’ the forest’?" Ponal asked as every other mercenary sitting within hearing range of the two turned their heads to hear the answer. 
"If you look into these trees for long enough you’ll get lost. Not physically, not at first anyways. You’ll feel like you’re slowly getting swallowed by the dark branches of the forest. And then it will draw you in, slowly, but surely. You’ll start to walk towards the centre of the forest, and then, you’re lost to everyone. And some unfortunate sods become wild men, driven mad by the pull of the forest, running around in the woods, killing everyone they see." Goran explained. 
The chills were running down Aní’s and every other mercenary’s back. 
"That’s a pretty good story, I’ll give you that, but it’s not a good explanation for why we need you." Ponal said as he took a look around at the mercenaries to gain support. All he saw was scared faces and insecure body language. "But seeing as these men here seems scared mindless, I guess having you in our ranks will provide some security for our troops." He admitted. 
"You know Goran." Aní said, trying to sound as secure and self-confident as possible. "I started feeling swallowed as we sailed into Ín. And right now I have to focus at something within the camp to not feel like I’m getting lost in between the trees." He continued, revealing that, in reality, he had become very intimidated by the forest. 
"It is normal to slowly become swallowed." Goran said after thinking about what Aní said for a couple of seconds. "But so quickly, and from such a distance, that’s not something I see every day." He admitted, laying back to think a bit more. "I don’t know to much about it, but I think you’re very sensitive to the pull the forest is giving out. You can’t sleep alone, the forest will swallow you in your sleep, and you’ll start walking into it while sleeping. I suggest me, Runth, Ponal and Inny sleeping in the same tent as you." 
Aní had gotten used to sleeping in the same room as others during the voyage, and the thought of being swallowed was not something he fancied. He agreed to the idea, and so did Runth, Inny and Ponal. 
With all said and done, the mercenaries went to sleep, and the two masters and students, and Goran fell asleep in the same tent. 

Aní had no problem falling asleep, it was like he was pulled into it. 
He dreamt about getting lost in an eternal darkness, he felt powerless, which was a feeling he didn’t like. He was paralysed, bound, and without an opportunity to escape. He felt immensely uncomfortable as the dream never relented. The feeling of discomfort didn’t end until morning, when Ponal shook some life back into him, waking him up. 
Chapter 8
Slumber
The morning air was moist and damp, carrying the scent of the lake to Aní’s nostrils. A gentle fog lay lightly between the trees, making the forest seem even more impenetrable. Aní couldn’t get the powerless feeling out of his head, making him unfocused. 
After Ponal woke him up that morning he had been feeling numb in almost every limb. He also had a slight fever. He and Ponal attempted a morning duel to refresh him, but to no avail. 
"Don’t worry Aní, after a two day’s march we’ll be safe and sound within the walls of Kin." Ponal reassured him as he placed his hand on his shoulder. "You should get ready to walk though, the mercenaries have already finished packing the camp." He continued. 
The horses were being loaded with tents and materials, and the mercenaries were strapping the bags containing their belongings to their backs. The campsite seemed empty without the tents and campfire, with just the brown, barren ground filled with dead leaves and various bugs left. 
"Aní!" Runth shouted in his normal, high volumed voice. "I don’t care if you’re a bit sick, got struck by an arrow, or lost a leg in a fight. No one is carrying your bag for you, so get over here and pick it up!" He was pointing at a large bag next to him, presumable Aní’s. 
Aní started walking towards the bag. "Hello, lad, are you feeling better?" Goran asked as he walked past him, having his bag, bow and arrows strapped to his back. 
"I feel alright, just a bit numb, I’ll get better." He answered as he kept walking towards the bag. Goran kept up with him, walking besides him. 
"You know, I suspect I would be just like you, sensitive to the pull of the forest, but I have an immunity." He said, in an attempt to make Aní feel better. 
"You have an immunity?" Aní asked, slightly intrigued. Goran thought a couple of seconds, trying to come up with a fitting response. 
"Well, the source of the immunity is a secret, but seeing you’re like me, you’ll learn. If you don’t get swallowed by the forest that is." Goran said jokingly, but withholding the secret. Aní, who usually had good control over his temper got a bit irritated. He turned around to face Goran. 
"If you know how to get this forest’s pull thing out of my head, then tell me!" He said loudly and impatiently. 
"It’s not something you can learn in a couple of days anyways. And more importantly, I can’t teach you. Now I think there is someone in need of my help over there." Goran said as he wandered off to the other side of what used to be the campsite. 
Idiotic asshole. Aní thought, being angry at both Goran for not telling him, and himself for being so sensitive to the pull. 
He picked up his bag and fished out the fur cloak from it. He put the cloak on, strapped the bag to his back, and tried to present himself as unaffected by the pull as possible. 
"Ladies!" Runth shouted so the whole camp could hear. "We are going start walking in two minutes! Follow Goran, and listen to everything he says! There are a few of you who feel the pull of the forest, and a few who don’t, for those who do: stay close to Goran! The man knows what he’s doing, which is the reason we hired him! Anyone not following his orders will get a good beating!" Runth breathed in for another go. "We will travel until sundown, taking one break at about midday for dinner! Try and not get swallowed by the forest until then!" Runth concluded his speech and turned to Aní. 
"Kid, I want you to stay close to me, ok? I’m the only one physically able, except for Inny, to hold you back should you lose control over your body. Goran told me about an incident he was involved with last year, where a person in his group lost his mind to the pull, and started killing his friends before running off into the forest. I don’t want that happening to you, so stay close." He said in an unusually silent voice, nearly whispering.
"Sure. But I think I have decent control over my own body, I just had a bad dream, no worries."Aní tried to be as convincing as possible, but to a large degree, it was not believable.

The group started walking. Aní thought the march would take an eternity as he tried to keep up with the group. The morning fog didn’t lift itself from the forest, but lingered in the trees, becoming thicker. Small beams of light penetrated the fog where it was thin, and the trees gave way, but for the most part it was dark beneath the branches and treetops. 
"Hey Runth!" Aní said, having made a discovery. 
"What, kid?" Runth responded, being focused on walking.
"When we entered the forest we heard animals and birds making sounds. But now there is non of that. Just listen, it’s completely silent." 
It was true, the birds and animals were quiet, as if in anticipation. The only sound filling the forest was the creaking footsteps of the marching mercenaries and stepping hooves from the horses. One could see Runth had shiver running down his spine as he too realised that there was no sounds except his troops’ and horses’. 
"Maybe they got sick of this fog, and decided to fly to another place, as for the animals, I’m sure they have found a nice and warm cave to stay in." Runth said, mostly to reassure himself.
Come. Aní heard from within the forest. The sensation of the sound was much like a warm wave washing across his body, encouraging it to relax. The sound lingered in the air for some time before disappearing. 
"Did you hear that?" Aní asked Runth.
"No kid, there is no sound other than our footsteps. You pretty much pointed that out yourself." He answered, not being able to focus on anything except that since Aní pointed it out. Even though he didn’t show it, Runth was beginning to worry about there being no singing birds in the treetops, or no stalking foxes behind them. It was a bad omen. 
Aní got his answer however, it was either just a thought in his head gone out of control, or a voice only he could hear.

The group marched onwards until it was about midday. 
"Time for dinner!" Runth shouted. "Goran, see if you can’t find us a nice spot to eat." He said, turning to Goran.
The man did as he was told, and found a fitting spot to have the meal, a small clearing where fog wasn’t as thick. 
Slumber. Aní heard. It was a woman’s voice, soothing and calming. The sound must have come from not a meter away, it was so close. The frequency of her voice resonated with Aní’s body as he lost control of it for a second. It was like his body just wanted to stay for a bit longer, to listen to the sound of her voice. Aní himself became instantly tired, but forced himself to start walking again to catch up with the group.
"Aní, are you alright? You seem exhausted." He heard Goran say as he entered the clearing. 
"Just hungry." Aní managed to answer as he found himself a tree stump to sit on. 
"Dinner for today: salted meat with raw potatoes!" Loan shouted out loudly, making certain the whole band of mercenaries could hear. He loosened one of the bags from one of the horses, containing rations. 
The silence was maddening, especially for Runth who had been irritating and worrying himself over it ever since Aní mentioned it. He was yelling and barking at all the mercenaries who smacked with their lips while eating, only as an outlet for his increasing irritation. 
Ponal grew angry at Runth for barking so much. And Inny isolated himself in the corner of the clearing, tired of all of them hounding at each other. The whole group fell into a foul mood during dinner, and it ended with none of them talking one another. 
You must get away. the voice in said. Aní was so tired, and so sick of the forest, he wanted to sleep. He wouldn’t get the chance. They heard a loud scream coming from the fog, almost like a rabid wolf who forgot how to howl. 
The whole group stood on guard, with their hands on their swords. Quick cracks in the fallen branches on the forest floor was appearing all around the group. Coming closer, growing louder. The sound of quick footsteps was all encompassing, Goran realised what it was, "Wild men!" He shouted. 
It was too late however, as both Inny, who was on the edge of the clearing, and a few other mercenaries already had gotten stabbed by a quick dagger flying from the fog. They died instantly. 
The adrenalin rushed trough Aní as the wild men appeared in the clearing and engaged the rest of the mercenaries. He drew his sword and started fighting one of the approaching hostiles. 
Ponal was going into a fury for loosing his master, and Runth for loosing his friend and second in command. 
The wild men were rabid fighters, there no way to predict their moves. They left plenty of holes in their defence, if they had any, however the fear they inflicted in the men they were fighting acted as their main defence, not that it helped much against a raging giant like Runth who was slaying man after man.
The wild man Aní was fighting slung his sword all around him in an attempt to seem unpredictable and fearsome, however, Aní was to sick and tired to feel fear. Even though his movements were slower, and his though process not at its peak, he managed to slay the man quickly. 
Runth, in his rage, had accumulated a few cuts from the men he had slain, which had to be around seven at this point. He raged around the clearing like an unstoppable boulder, killing anything resembling a wild man. 
Ponal had a bit more control over himself, but still struggled with his first opponent, who was - like Aní’s former opponent - swinging his sword around wildly. 
The mercenaries were doing badly on the whole. Even though the two groups seemed to be of similar numbers, the initial strike of the wild men had weakened the mercenaries. Step by step, the mercenaries were loosing ground. 
Come, you will be safe here. The voice said, with a hint of desperation. Aní felt his body trying to do the voice’s will, but he quickly got it back in command. Come! The voice commanded. Aní froze, his mind blackened, and the fight around him was becoming a blur. He struggled for control, but lost to the overpowering voice. He slowly wandered off into the forest, in the cover of the fight it seemed like no one noticed.

"Oh, it would be bad if those bad, bad, bad wild men would have gotten you. They would have killed you too, no no no." The voice said. But this time it was close, and he was pretty sure it came from a physical source. Her voice didn’t linger in the air any more, and it seemed more real. Aní couldn’t know for sure, his mind was still blackened, and his body felt numb and bound. 
"But now you’re here. Yes! Here with little, old me. An soon you will be me! Oh yes!" the voice continued. She sounded excited for something. "Oh but you are a special one. So much. So much. So much of it I can hardly think clearly. Ha! You’re the one putting me under a spell." 
Aní started to feel his head becoming lighter, and slowly he could see blurred colours of his environment.
It seemed to be a small hut with a straw roof. The place was lit up by a few candles dotted around on the floor. It had a table near the rear end if it, and a couple of stools, some standing, some laying. Aní himself was laying on a rug placed in the centre of the room. 
Slowly he started to regain the feelings in his limbs, and he slowly got control over some of them. He noticed quickly that his hands and feet were bound tightly with a rope. He made a quick movement to see if he couldn’t wriggle out of it.
"Aaaaah, you’re awake my little one. Just you lay still, you won’t feel much very, very soon." The voice chuckled as she noticed Aní’s failed attempt to free himself. Her footsteps went across the floor and stopped a by the table near the rear end of the hut. Aní turned his head to have a look at the physical source of the voice. 
He spotted a slim figure, wearing a brown robe which had several cuts in it. It was obviously a female, having what resembled curves, but there was not much left of them, she looked more like a skeleton. Her hands were oversized compared to her body, being obnoxiously large. Worse still was her fingernails: brown, long and filthy, and seemed to be infected by some species of white fungus. 
She turned to Aní, who was looking directly at her. 
"Ooh, such a shame. Such a handsome face, but with such and essential ability. I need it, I’m afraid." She said, almost sounding sad. She turned around again, mixed some herbs, and put them in a cup of boiling water. "I love a good tea, it is so good to drink. Drink, drink, drink is what I love." She sung, almost sounding like a drunk wrench at the typical tavern. 
Aní’s mouth still felt a bit paralysed, but he tried to communicate nevertheless. "Whadd ith youl nem?" He managed to ask, trying repeatedly to wiggle out of the ropes.
"Oh no!" The woman said as she walked across the room towards Aní, with the cup of herbs and boiling water in her hand. "I can’t have you talking. I might have second thoughts, and I can’t have that. Can I? No, no I don’t think so. You don’t understand, you are important to me. You have something I need, need, need! But you are a bit too spriggely and sproggely, and I need you to be calm."
She extended her arms over Aní, and closed her eyes. 
He felt a warm sensation coming over him, soothing his body, paralysing it. His mind started to blacken, and his limbs slowly became numb. He fought the paralysation with all the power he could muster, but he just couldn’t fight the power of the woman.  
"Oh my, well this is a problem." The woman said. The warmth Aní felt slowly dispersed, and he recovered quickly. He had a look at the woman. She had a gaping hole in both sides of her chest, and a bloodied arrow was firmly connected to the other side of the hut. The woman collapsed in a pool of her own blood. 
Goran came running in, bow in hand and with a few small cuts up his wrist. "Aní!" Goran shouted loudly as he ran across the floor. Aní managed to make a few mumbling sounds, not having regained full control over his lips and throat. 
"Ah, it seems I made it in time, now lets get you out of those ropes." He said as he pulled out a small knife and cut the ropes binding Aní’s hands and feet. 
"Can you stand?" He asked as he put his knife back. Aní struggled for a bit, but slowly managed to stand up. 
"Excellent. Now, lets get out of here, the others are waiting." 
The two of them rushed out of the hut, Goran supporting Aní. The boy had regained feeling in his lips and throat by now, and became stronger by the second. It was as if the pull of the forest disappeared gradually from the trees and roots. Aní turned his gaze back to the hut. He saw a big hole the size of a big horse engraved in the side of it. 
"What made that?" He asked Goran as they walked further away from the hut. 
"The hole? That would be my arrow. But that you can’t mention when we get back. Actually, you can’t say anything about any of the events that transpired here. You fell for the pull of the forest, and were about to jump into a lake, and I saved you. End of story, got it?" Goran asked. 
Aní nodded.
"And you can’t ask any questions about it either."

And so they walked back to the clearing, Aní gaining more strength by the second. By the time they came back he was filled with unused strength, what he would have to use it for however, was not what he’d expect. 
Dead bodies was laying everywhere in the clearing, less than half the mercenaries remained. In the corner of the clearing, Ponal and Runth was mourning over the dead body of Inny. The remaining mercenaries mourned over their dead brothers. Not a single word was uttered. 
Aní and Goran went over to Runth and Ponal, and joined them in a short prayer over Inny. 
"Aní. It is good that you’re back, we were in grave need of some good news. I don’t know how long you stayed before loosing to the pull, but as you can see, most of us are dead." Runth said, trying to sound happy for Aní’s return. It was obvious, however, that he was deeply scarred by the loss of half his troops and second in command. 
Ponal was quiet, presumably thinking over all the memories he had of the man, while damning him for being stabbed so easily, after all he thought him about defence. 
"We need your help, Aní." Runth said as he took a hold of Inny’s arm. "We need to gather all the bodies, both ours and the wild men’s, and drag them to the middle of the clearing. We have to burn their bodies to set their spirits free." He said as he dragged Inny towards the centre of the clearing. "You and Goran got to find some firewood, we’ll take care of things here." Runth finished.
"Let’s go, I know of a good place." Goran said, referencing to the firewood, while grabbing Aní’s arm.
 They made several runs to gather enough firewood. Every time they were separated from the mercenaries, Aní would try to ask who the woman was, and how the arrow made such a big hole in the hut. Goran never answered any of the questions however, and showed no indication of that he would. Much to Aní’s irritation, Goran was as stubborn as Chump on the subject, and no information was revealed. 
When they had gathered enough firewood, and all the bodies were in place, they lit the fire. There, the mercenaries watched their brothers in arms burn, and Aní, Ponal and Runth watched their friend Inny become ash. 
Neither Aní nor Ponal had felt real sorrow before, and even though they had know Inny for just a little more than three weeks, they had become quite fond of him. Having him die now felt unfair, but they took comfort in the ritual of burning fallen soldiers. 
When the fire died out, no more than crisps were left of the bodies. The group stood in a circle around the fire for some time, taking comfort in the silence that for just a few hours ago was the curse of the group. 
"Alright men. We’ll walk for a few hours more, let’s find a nice clearing further west and set up camp there." Runth said, breaking the silence. 
The mercenaries walked over to their bags, picked them up, and said their last goodbyes to their fallen comrades. As they left the clearing the fog was beginning to lift, making the woods seem a little bit more friendly. 
As the group walked west while searching for a suitable campsite, Ponal told Aní about how the mercenaries ended up winning the battle, of how Runth managed to slay so many of the wild men they ended up fleeing in fear. Ponal was telling the story like a romantic adventure, where the hero Runth saved the day. 
Aní knew differently: Runth had gone into a blood rage seeing his friend die, and started killing anyone resembling the ones who did it. The result was the same, however, the mercenaries who survived long enough for Runth to kill their opponent, survived.

After walking for a few hours, the sun started setting and the group found a suitable campsite. The tents were erected soon after. Most of the horses survived the engagement, and the ones that did not would not be needed considering half of the material required to support a mercenary band the size of Runth’s, was unnecessary. 
"Do you still have to have us sleeping around you?" Runth asked as he set up one of the tents.
Aní didn’t know what to answer. He didn’t feel the pull anymore, and he didn’t know wether the woman was behind it or not. All he knew was that he hasn’t felt the pull since the woman died, and that was something Goran didn’t allow him to talk about. 
"No, I managed to neutralise the source when I found Aní by the lake. It shouldn’t be dangerous for him to sleep alone anymore." Goran said, approaching the two from behind. 
Goran noticed that Runth looked at him with a despise. 
"I am sorry, Runth, I should have chosen a safer path. Your men died because of me, and for that, I am truly sorry." He nodded his head in respect for the giant. 
"No, it was my fault, I should have trained them better. Prepared them better for the mission. And, without you, Aní would have been lost, and our mission failed. For a mercenary the job comes before his life. That is our way." Runth answered, both to Goran and to himself. "You have to tell me about the events that transpired by the lake tomorrow then." The giant said as he finished up the tent and made ready to go to sleep. 
Aní packed out his tent after the talk with Runth, and both he and every other man in the camp went to sleep soon after.
Chapter 9
Kin
The capital lay before them, stretching far in all directions. The walls wrapped around the city was as tall as the trees surrounding it, and at least as thick as a normal house. This was the great centre of power and commerce in Eitaph, and the city had the most political power in all of Einach. Here stood the palace of the queen, located on a hill near the centre of the city, surrounded by large mansions housing the richest men in Eitaph. The city was carved into the forest, resting by the great circular lake Òn. 
Aní and his group looked up at the wall in awe. They had been walking fast and hard the whole day, taking only one break. They were tired, and their feet were sore, not to mention all the wounds they had accumulated during the encounter with the wild men. 
The sun was setting, leaving a golden glow on everything its rays touched. The sun’s rays hit the wall, making it appear even more splendrous than it already was. The group appreciated the moment in silence, looking up on the wall, knowing they had reached their goal. And most of all, glad about being out of those damned woods.
"It’s quite the sight." Goran said as he looked upon the wall, breaking the silence. 
"The great city of Kin." Runth responded. "They say you can become anything in the city, work your way up. After I quit the military academy I considered coming here, before meeting Inny and forming the band. Might have been a nice place to live." He continued. 
Aní looked over at the east gate as he heard it opening. 
It was huge, standing at least five meters tall, and being approximately six meters wide. The gate was built with different layers of wood to make it more sturdy, making the gate thick and solid. The huge gate opened slowly, and a regiment of soldiers lead by a formal looking person emerged. As the regiment approached, the group lined up, having  Runth and the two boys in front.

"Greetings." the formal man said. "I am Hirdman Tilju, in charge of the defence of the east gate. Your group was spotted outside the gate and your motives are questionable." He continued as he and his regiment stopped a few meters from the group. "Who are you and what is your business?" He asked while looking at Runth, who appeared to be the leader of the group.
"I am Runth, the leader of the mercenary company Runth’s fighters. We were sent here from Antor with the mission of escorting these here two boys to Kin." He said, presenting the boys. 
"And who might you be?" Tilju asked, looking at Aní and Ponal. 
Ponal hesitated for a moment, so Aní presented himself first. "I am Aní DeAntor. This mercenary company was hired by my father to escort me and my friend to Kin for the purpose of studying at the political academy." He presented himself well, sounding confident and decisive. 
Tilju looked at Aní, "very well, and what about you, young man?" He said while turning his head, looking at Ponal.
Ponal was not very good at talking confidently to people he didn’t know. But after traveling with Runth, who he first considered a monster, he had become more secure of himself. He thought that if Runth didn’t kill him for talking to him, this man wouldn’t stand a chance, and managed to answer quickly enough. 
"I am Ponal Aniadi, son of the queen’s advisor in the east. I came here to study at the political academy." He said with a firm voice. He expected a sign of respect coming from Tilju after announcing that he was the son of an advisor to the queen. However, he got none. 
"Ah, the son of the queen’s advisor, that must be the third time we heard heard that excuse this week." Tilju said as he and his regiment chuckled. "Take a look at your clothes, they are bloodied and dirty. You are surely no more than desperate beggars." He continued as he dismissed the words of Ponal. 
Aní got frustrated and was about to protest against his statements, but Ponal interrupted him. 
 "Yes, that may be so, however, my father predicted we would have trouble at the gate and gave me these documents. Even though I don’t think he could have imagined we would look like this standing here." He said as he fished up the authentication documents from his father and showed them to the regiment. 
Tilju sent one of his soldiers to bring the documents to him. The soldier brought them back, and Tilju studied the papers for a couple of seconds. 
"Forgive my rudeness, masters Aniadi and DeAntor." He said while nodding his head slightly as a sign of respect. "Thank you, Runth, for keeping these two safe during their travels as it is clear you have experienced resistance." He said as he looked upon the blood stained cloaks and clothes of the group. "You are all welcome to stay in Kin, come with me through the gate." He said as he turned around and led his regiment towards the gate. 
Aní and Ponal chuckled a bit in between themselves at the sudden personality change of the man. 
The group started walking after the regiment, then Goran put his hand on Aní’s shoulder. "I’m going to go now, luck be with you in the political academy." He said. 
"What about your payment?" Aní asked slightly confused about Goran leaving this early, and not demanding payment.
"I got half of you killed, I don’t think I’ve earned it." He said as he started walking away towards the forest. Aní was about to ask him to wait, but realised he wouldn’t be able to talk him out of it, so he let it be, and started walking after the group.
"I can give you a few answers in a few days time. About the woman and my arrow. Be patient until then." Goran said as Aní was about to exit the range of his voice. Aní turned around only to see Goran disappear into the forest, and out of sight. 

The group entered the city, Aní in tow. The city was even more impressive than the walls surrounding it. The buildings were made of stone and the streets were wide and spacious. The inns and taverns were several stories high, and the houses were well maintained. The people of Kin looked tranquil and satisfied as they calmly walked the streets. 
The town guard, with shiny armour and red capes walked proudly as they patrolled the city, keeping the residents safe. Tilju dismissed his regiment as they walked through the gates and into the city. The gates closed behind them, creating a satisfying, deep thump as the two massive structures of wood collided. 
"Master Aniadi sent a letter telling me young master Aniadi would be escorted by a large band of mercenaries, but yours seems small, medium at best." Tilju addressed Runth, trying to question the authenticity of the documents. 
"As you said yourself, our clothes are bloodied. We ran into a large group of wild men in the forest, who killed over half our men." Runth answered in a gloomy way. The mention of the assault put the group in an instant foul mood, which Tilju noticed and instantly tried to rectify, halting his pursuit of false-proving the documents. 
"I am sorry for your loss, it must have been a though experience." He said, nodding his head slightly. "Master Aniadi informed me that he would be willing to pay for your band’s accommodation at an inn of your choice for a week. He reckoned you would be tired after your journey. Now, personally I would recommend Inù’s River, as it has comfortable beds available for your whole band. In my opinion, it also has the best beverage in the city. I can have one of my soldiers to escort you to the place." 
The news of master Aniadi’s generosity didn’t lighten the mood too much, but the offer was welcoming and tempting. Runth and his band liked the idea of resting in proper beds for a week, and agreed to the offer. Tilju called one of his soldiers over. The soldier led them up the main street and then to the right, presumably where the tavern was located. 
"Very well then, masters Aniadi and DeAntor, if you will follow me please. I’ll show you to your mansion." Tilju said, again he nodded his head as a sign of respect for the two boys. 
"Please, just call me Ponal." Ponal said as he didn’t like the idea of being treated with too much respect. Inny had always treated him with a decent amount of respect, but he never spent unnecessary time sweet talking to him because of his father. Ponal wanted to keep Inny’s heritage, and he thought this was a way to do it. 
"And I’m just Aní, please." Aní said, also not very fond of being caressed with titles. 
"Very well, Aní, Ponal. If you’ll follow me, I’ll get you to your mansion before sun down." Tilju said as he started walking towards the residents district.
As they walked Aní became aware of one thing, there were only nicely dressed and happy people walking the streets.
"Where are all the peasants and beggars?" He asked.
Tilju continued walking. "They are hold up in the citizen districts. The noblemen and residents wouldn’t want their streets filled with dirty people like that, so we send them to live in their own districts."
Aní frowned. "Isn’t that a bit cruel?"
"We feed them, give them money. They may even walk in the streets of the resident’s district if they have obtained a servant certificate. There is nothing to feel bad about."
Aní kept his frown, but did not discuss the matter any more.

The residents district was located near the centre of the city, placed around the hill where the twin tower palace was built. Here lived the most wealthy and important people of the city: the wealthiest merchants, the politicians, high ranking military officers and the queens northern advisor. The three other advisors of the queen had each their permanent mansion in the district, placed near the palace for convenience. The mansions were used as homes for the advisors should they be needed by the queen. 
The political academy was located between the residential district and commercial district, which lay near the east gate and stretched northwards towards the docks. Tilju, Aní and Ponal reached the mansion. It was an old, but well maintained estate with a huge garden big enough to be called a courtyard. The building itself was four stories high, about the size of the Aniadi family’s mansion in Antor. The building was made in stone, with a two meter high stone wall surrounding the estate. In the centre of the mansion stood a watchtower about two stories higher than the main building, overlooking the district.
"Well then boys, here is the residence for your stay here in Kin. The house is maintained by ten chambermaids so you won’t have to worry about cleaning. There is two chefs working full time to fill your stomachs with quality food, and the butler, Excalier, who is in charge of the building during the advisor, or any master of the house’s absence. He will fill you inn on the details of the city, the academy and the building itself." Tilju informed the boys. 
He took a look at their clothes again and uttered: "It would be wise to clean your clothes soon, and change into something more appropriate." 
Aní took a look around and noticed the residents walking around the streets of the district was looking at them, while talking amongst themselves. "Yes, I think that would be an appropriate cause of action." He said while trying to hide the worst of the blood marks that stained his cloak. 
The three of them stepped through the gate and into the large garden, where one of the chambermaids spotted them. She ran inside, and soon a well dressed man emerged from the mansion. 
"Ah Tilju, the boys have finally arrived?" The man asked while looking at Aní and Ponal. 
"Yes Excalier, this is the the young masters. However, they made it clear that they preferred we use their first names, without any titles attached to it." Tilju answered. Excalier took a few steps towards the trio. 
He was about Runth’s age, however, he was much smaller. He was well built, muscular, with dark hair with hints of grey. He walked with a proud posture, much like the honour guard of royalty. 
"I see. Well then Ponal, you are just like your mother. I tried to refer to her as lady Aniadi once, she did not take well to it and gave me a right scolding. As for you Aní, I don’t know either of your parents, but your résumé is impressive, I look forward to getting to know you better." He said as he walked closer to the boys, halting a meter from them. 
He took a quick look at their hilts and noticed they were carrying swords, he also noticed the blood stains on their clothes.
"I am unsure of wether Tilju told you about the necessity of having a guard certificate to be allowed to carry weapons openly within the city. But more importantly, have you been attacked?" 
Aní and Ponal looked at each other. "Yes, but it is a subject we want to withhold for now." Ponal said. 
Excalier looked curious about the subject, but constrained himself. 
"Thank you for bringing the boys here Tilju, you may leave. Now then, Aní, Ponal, lets get you out of those clothes and into something more fitting residents of Kin." He said as he lead the boys into the mansion. 
The interior of the mansion was astounding. The first floor had a huge entrance area, with a large staircase leading up to the second floor in the middle of it. The floor was covered by a red carpet with golden figures dotted around it.
To the right of the entrance area was a huge dining room with paintings of previous advisors hanging on the wall. To the left there was a series of living rooms. One of which was outfitted with a large wine rack, containing wine from all over the continent, contained in exclusive bottles instead of barbaric barrels. 
"Leave your cloaks here young ones, I will have one of the chambermaids pick them up and clean them. As for your new clothes, they will be brought to you once you’re in the comfort of your new rooms." Excalier said as they entered the mansion. 
Aní had to look around for a bit and take in the exquisite interior. Even though the interior at the Aniadi family’s mansion in Antor was comparable to this one, it had been almost a month since seeing any interior of quality at all. 
"And what about our luggage?" Aní asked as soon as he realised that both his map, money and his own clothes were there. 
"That is being brought to the mansion as we speak. But for now we must find some fitting clothes for you before you go to bed." Excalier said as he waved at one of the chambermaids to pick up the cloaks the boys had left on the floor. 
To bed? Ponal was about to ask, but realised that the sun was setting as they spoke. Ponal felt his stomach grumble, and asked: "Will there be any supper before dark?" While looking into the main dining room. 
  "Well yes of course, the chefs are preparing something right this moment." Excalier said, sounding proud, surely wanting to give the boys a nice introduction to the lives they will live.
Excalier lead the two of them up the stairs, where the main bedrooms of the estate was located. They had gotten their own separate rooms, outfitted with large beds, several wardrobes and other commodities like the weapon rack in Aní’s room. 
Aní entered his room, the first thing he did was to lay in the bed. For the first time in a month he lay in a comfortable bed, that had both pillows and a large blanket laying neatly upon it. Shortly after entering, one of the chambermaids came in. She was carrying a set of clothes dyed in black, white and red. She bowed her head as she entered the room, not looking him in the eyes. She put the clothes neatly down on the desk by the door and quickly exited the room, giving Aní privacy. 
He went over to the desk and put the clothes on. They were a perfect fit, comfortable and stylish. At this point, Ponal came into the room, also in new clothes. His were dyed in green and white, but the style of the clothes were similar. 
"Well you’re looking sharp without those bloodstains on you. Even though they would make you even more popular with the girls." Ponal joked as he entered the room. 
"I don’t think I need any assistance from bloodstains in that regard." Aní responded equally jokingly. "Unfortunately I don’t think we’ll be able to duel in these clothes." He continued while taking a second look down at his new shirt. 
"Yes, we have to visit Runth and the gang at Ínu’s River tomorrow and get back into sparring shape." Ponal agreed. 
Ponal had a sudden change of behaviour as he sat down on the chair next to the desk. 
"You know Aní. Some pretty weird stuff happened on our way here. First, the thing with Chump and his wounds, and then the pull of the forest." He took a pause while trying to find the right words to further his case. "I don’t believe your and Goran’s explanation about what happened after you left the ambush site. I want you to tell me the whole story." 
Ponal looked at Aní with a stern look he used to solidify his intentions. 
"How did you find out?" Aní asked, impressed by his friends detective skills. 
"Same way I found out you liked Marie. I can tell when you’re lying." Ponal finished, still looking at Aní. A couple of seconds went by, Aní was considering wether to tell Ponal what happened, or not. Even though he didn’t have the whole truth, and only fragments of theories on what could be the causes of the mysterious events, he decided to tell Ponal everything he knew.  
After telling Ponal about the woman in the forest and about the arrow that Goran fired into the hut, Ponal’s jaw hit the floor. He looked at Aní for a couple of seconds to see if his friend was joking. After realising he was not, Ponal was at a loss of words. 
"But, that’s impossible." He uttered, trying to figure out theories on how it was possible. 
"I haven’t been able to figure it out either, yet. However, Goran promised me some answers in due time. I guess we’ll have to wait until then. In the meantime we have to get more familiar with the city, and I want to get that guards licence." Aní said, having grown fond of his sword. 
Ponal agreed, thinking he would honour Inny with carrying the sword he had given him with pride. 
"Very well then, let that be our next cause of action." Aní proclaimed formally.
"We shall obtain the guards license as soon as possible, to honour our masters." Ponal added. 
The pair of them laughed, happy to be at the end of their journey.
They heard a calm knock on the door. One of the chambermaids stepped through the entrance shortly after. She bowed her head as she said: "Masters Aniadi and DeAntor, your supper is ready and is waiting for you in the dining room." Leaving as quickly as she could after giving the message. 
Aní looked at Ponal. "I don’t know how your family did it back in Antor, but our chambermaid was like a part of the family. She was welcome to utter her own opinion, and she was certainly allowed to look us in the eyes." He said while leaning against the door. 
Ponal thought for a second. "So were our chambermaids back home too. I think the chambermaids are raised differently here." He answered, also taking notice of the chambermaid’s behaviour. 
 "Oh well, that would be a mystery for another time, lets go get some supper." Aní said, opening the door. Ponal agreed, and the two of them went down the stairs, and into the dining room.

The long table in the middle of the dining room was very big, and could, by Aní’s count, hold more than 50 people. On the table there was a wide assortment of food, far more than Aní and Ponal could consume. There was fish, pork, ox and chicken, complimented with different salads and fruits. On the table was two plates, with different forks, spoons and knifes besides them. 
"Ah, boys, the food has been made and is awaiting your consumption. The chefs hope their food manage to please you." Excalier said, standing near the end of the table. 
"If it tastes as good as it smells the food will be pleasing indeed." Aní said, watering his mouth.
The two boys sat down by the table, and started filling their plates with different consumables. They were hungry, having not eaten since midday. Traveling all day had also helped their appetite. 
The supper was delicious, and reminded Aní of the DeAntor family’s chambermaid’s cooking, which certainly was a good thing. 
"Oh, Excalier." Ponal said with his mouth full of food. "How can we get a hold of that guards licence you were talking about?" 
Excalier looked at Ponal, then Aní. "Well, it is not obligatory for young men of your stature to obtain that licence. The guards will pay extra close attention to you two, I’m certain. You have nothing to worry about." He answered. 
Aní was not pleased with the answer and put his cutlery down. "Excalier, please. During our journey we trained with swords all day, every day. We have grown fond of carrying them, they are important to us. For me, my sword is a friend, a gift, and for Ponal it is the only thing remaining from his old master, who got killed not two days ago. Please, tell us where and how we can obtain this guards licence." It was more of a command than a request, and Excalier felt he was left with no choice. 
"Very well. It is obtainable in the east guards barracks. You sign on to a week long course that will cost you 4000 ettars each, and if you pass, you obtain the guards licence. The eastern guards barracks is located a few hundred meters east of the academy, not very difficult to spot." Excalier said unwillingly. "But be warned, carrying arms openly in the city may get you into trouble with the gangs operating within it."
Aní looked at ponal, who also looked pleased with the answer. "Will we have time to finish the course before school-start?" Aní asked, eager to obtain the licence, not caring too much about getting into trouble with the gangs. 
Excalier looked a bit surprised. "Young master Aní, the academy doesn’t start before summer’s end, that’s still a few months away. You have much time to get used to the city." He said. 
"Well then it’s a no-brainer, we’ll start that course tomorrow." Ponal said as he started to push more and more food down his throat. Aní did the same, and soon the both of them was filled to the brink of exploding. 
Satisfied and content, they went to bed. Both of them tucking themselves in tightly, happy to be sleeping in a nice, warm bed after their journey. The warmth of the beds soon overpowered them, and so they slept. 
Chapter 10
Inù’s River
"My good lord, this food is delicious!" Ponal proclaimed, as he put another breakfast loaf with butter and ham into his mouth. 
The moist morning air was seeping in through the windows, giving the room a fresh smell. The two boys had never slept as well since they started their journey, and they were both full of an energy they had forgotten was possible to possess. The small birds residing within Kin was singing highly pitched tunes as they flew around the streets and gardens of the residents district. 
Aní put an apple between his teeth, he bit, and the sweet juice of the fruit graced his throat as it ran down. 
"So, Inù’s River. Any idea of where it is?" He asked Ponal while pondering about how they were going to find their way.
"No idea, but we’ll get Excalier, or one of the chambermaids to guide us." Ponal answered, having already consumed half his bread. 
"What are you two boys plotting?" They heard Excalier ask as he entered the dining room, having finished his meal with the other servants. 
 "Ah, Excalier, what wonderful timing, we were just talking about you!" Aní said as he entered the room. "Me and Ponal were wondering if you could guide us to Inù’s River? It is where our friends resides at the moment, and we would like to visit them." 
Excalier gave them a weird look, creating a pause. The two boys looked at him, then Ponal asked: "what’s the matter?" Looking at Excalier curiously. The man pulled himself together and explained in a formal manner. 
"Inù’s River is a tavern located in the middle of Bloodblade territory. If your group is staying there, and is unaware of the band, they might be in trouble." 
The explanation temporarily silenced the the boys. Then Aní chuckled. Ponal looked at him, confused as of why he was laughing. 
 "I think we forgot how fearsome Runth is in battle. We have nothing to worry about." Aní said, still chuckling. Ponal nodded and seemed content. 
"So how about it, will you guide us?" Ponal asked Excalier, already expecting a positive answer. 
"Of course. Let me alert the guards, you’ll need escort." He said and started walking out of the room.
Aní and Ponal exchanged a quick glance. 
"That won’t be necessary." Aní said, halting Excalier in the doorway. He turned around. 
"Not necessary?" He asked. 
Aní nodded.
"Me and Ponal still have our swords. We’ll hide them under our cloaks while walking through the resident, and commercial districts. We’ll only draw them if there are bandits nearby, so don’t worry." He said.
"No, absolutely not! You are residents of the residents district, you can’t simply..." Excalier started protesting, however, Ponal interrupted him. 
"We can and will, Excalier. We won’t meet the very group who protected us through that hellish forest with a whole regiment of soldiers watching us, it would be a desgrace. Walking such a small distance. We will be walking through a guarded city damn it! We will not dishonour them by demanding protection in a place where everyone should be protected from the start." He said decisively.
"And we’re no strangers to swordplay." Aní added, for good measure. 
"You boys are impossible." Excalier said hoping the right words would befall him, making him able to talk the boys out of their idiotic intentions. None came. 
"Very well then. Hide your blades well, and do not even consider showing them unless your lives depend on it. I will not have your father, master Aniadi, coming to Kin to pull you two out of prison." 
He turned around and left the room, seemingly upset. 
"Lets go get our swords and cloaks." Aní suggested as they finished eating. Ponal agreed, and both ran up the stairs to get their equipment. 
Downstairs Excalier was waiting for them, with what appeared to be a short sword on his side.
"Why are you carrying a blade around so bluntly?" Aní asked when he saw the sword. 
"Unlike you two rascals, I have proper permission to carry a blade without the need to hide it. I’ve had the guards licence for longer than you two have lived." He answered, still upset for not being able to talk to boys out of what he thought to be a stupid idea. 
"Now put those damned thing away under your cloaks." He said, pointing to the swords in their hands. They did so, and Excalier opened the door. 
Outside it was sunny, for the most part, a few clouds dotted the sky, and the morning mist lay gently in between the houses. The smell of fresh water from the great circular lake Òn graced the groups nostrils. Ponal and Aní hid their blade swell. Seeing as none of the residents gave them weird looks, and none of the guards tried to stop them. 
They walked for nearly half an hour, durin which they grasped how øarge the city really was. After some time they entered the eastern citizen district, the place where Inù’s River was located. Poverty was seemingly everywhere, and the beggars the main streets were missing were all lined up along ill-maintained houses.

"Here we are, that went far better than expected." Excalier said, pleased about the boys not getting arrested on the way. 
Before them was Inù’s River, a large building, four stories high. The foundation was made of stone, and the wood built on top was dark and thick. The inn was well maintained - unlike most of the houses in the area - but the coating was lacking several locations, indicating that the building had not been renovated for a few years.
"Now, remember boys, this is an inn. Not every man inside is a good one, talk only to your friends, and give nothing to others." Excalier warned, seating himself on a barrel outside the building. 
"You won’t be joining us?" Ponal asked, seeing that Excalier wasn’t following them. 
"No. being in this city for too long makes you enemies, one of mine is in there." He answered, pointing at the inn. 
"Fair enough, don’t die when we’re not here to protect you." Ponal joked as they went inside the building. 
"Funny." They heard Excalier say before the door closed behind them.
It didn’t smell as bad as the tavern in Dytin, but it wasn’t pleasant. It was clean for the most part, a few spots of vomit and blood were dotted around the floor, indicating heavy drinking and a fair share of brawling. A housekeeper rushed about, trying to clean up before the main host of residents woke up. 
In the corner sat Runth, his cloak heavily bloodied from the fight in the woods. His upper body leant over the table, he had an empty cup of mead in his hand. 
"Hey Runth, been drinking too much?" Aní asked jokingly as he saw the man was passed out. He and Ponal approached the huge beast of a man. There was a few dots of fresh blood on his cloak, must be from brawling, Aní thought as he and Ponal sat down next to him. 
"The floor is kind of sticky."
Ponals observation made Aní look down at the floor. He saw a large pool of blood right underneath Runth. He panicked, grabbed Runths cloak and took a good look at his face. It was pale, and cold to touch. Aní put his hand in front of the giants mouth, he did not feel him breathing. It was clear he was dead. Ponal watched his friend become increasingly desperate, but could not make himself move. Aní drew his sword from under his cloak, and pointed it directly at the housekeeper.
"What happened here!?" He shouted, his voice cracking in anger, sadness and desperation. The housekeeper froze, and turned to face Aní. 
"I don’t know sir. Truly, please. The innkeeper is usually up all night... He might know. He sleeps during the day in that room." She said frightened, pointing at a door in the far end of the room. Aní rushed over to the door and opened it. 
Inside was a bed, a desk, and a wardrobe. On the bed lay a middle aged man, gray in his hair, sleeping soundly. 
"Wake up old man!" Aní shouted at him, sword still drawn. The old man woke up, still laying down. 
"So, it’s not enough sending you a fortune every month, giving you free drinks and lodging? You also have to kill my patrons, and wreck the inn!?" The old man asked slowly turning around in his bed to face Aní.
"And now you come to take my life, Bloodblade scum." The hatred in his voice rose. 
Bloodblade. Aní thought. 
"Thats the band in charge around here, right? They did this?" He asked. The man laughed. 
"And now you try your hands at acting innocent, good one. You’ve bloodied your hands more than Kerbal." The old man said, eyes locked on to Aní. "Come on, get it over with!" He commanded, looking Aní right in the eyes. 
"I’m not part of that band." He said, sheathing his sword. "Now tell me more about what happened."
Ponal entered the room, pale and clearly sick after seeing Runth dead.
The old man looked upon them both, deciding they were no threat. 
"That’s your friend?" The old man asked. 
"Yeah, his name is Ponal. Please, tell us what happened, and if you would, your name." Aní asked, having calmed down slightly. 
"My name is Keeno, I’m the innkeeper of this inn. When it comes to last night, it was bad." Keeno rose from his bed and went out of the room, Aní and Ponal followed.
"There came a band of mercenaries here yesterday, seeking lodging. There were rooms available, and I gave them the keys. During supper the band came down to eat. That’s when the Bloodblade band came in. A hundred men, demanding lodging. I could barely have housed them had my inn been empty, which it wasn’t. They demanded it however, and my inn is in their territory after all." He stopped, and looked over at the massive body of Runth. 
"That man over there, Runth I think his name was, he was the leader of the mercenaries, and he would have none of it. He got into an argument with their leader, Tarkan. That quickly rose into a conflict I’m afraid." He paused, thinking back to the night before. 
"He was a marvel to watch, he took down bandit after bandit. And even as his men fell, he would not, he was like an unmovable mountain of blood and death. Well, he was, until he was completely surrounded, and the Bloodblade leader thrust his blade through his ribcage. At that moment, the air froze, and that isn’t a metaphor. It was like the gods took the warmth out of the air in rage over the giants death. Poor man took five Bloodblade scum with him after that, and then he died."
Aní took a look around the room and noticed there were no bodies laying on the floor. "And the dead mercenaries?" He asked. 
"Trakan’s men dragged them out, damned if I knew to where. The guards came soon after, and they only had time to put Runth on the table over there, cup in hand. To make it look like he just drank to much. Ha! They could barely do that, huge as the man was." Keeno shook his head.
"I wanna kill that bastard." Ponal muttered behind them. Having stayed silent this whole time, hearing Ponal speak those words made Aní incredibly uncomfortable. But he agreed.
"Keeno, where is this Trakan person?"
A silence fell over the room, and the housekeeper paused her cleaning, eager to hear his response.
"Let me guess, that giant over there is... Was... your friend, and you want revenge?" Keeno asked, looking first at Ponal, then Aní. He got his answer just from their looks, and he did not allow them to answer. "Forget it! Trakan is far to dangerous. I can’t send two youngsters to their deaths with a clean conscience." He started walking back to his room, being sleepy still. "Now get out of here before one of his men comes and gets you both killed. I need my rest."

Aní was furious as they exited the inn, those who saw him would swear they saw steam rising from his head. Ponal on the other hand was deathly silent, trapped in his own thoughts which was circulating around a developing hatred for Trakan.
"Bad news?" Excalier asked when he saw them. 
"Dead." Ponal muttered. Excalier looked at the street, taking a deep breath. 
"I feared as much. It is rare for Trakan’s band to overlook a large group of armed men entering their territory." He uttered.
"We need to find him!" Aní said, more loudly than he should. 
"Shush, young one. Trakan has too many ears around these parts. Listen to me: lets go home, and send the guards on the case." Excalier suggested. It took only half a second for Aní to respond, more furious than before. 
  "You will tell me where he is, I will go there, and I will kill him! If the guards could or would do anything, they would have done it long ago!"
Excalier refused to answer. Even under the mad shouting from Aní.
Ponal unsheathed his sword, and put it agains Excalier’s throat. "You will tell us where he is." He muttered, sounding more threatening than any of the shouts coming from Aní. Excalier looked him deep in the eyes. 
"Very well, but don’t rely on me saving you." He paused, to give the boys a second chance to think it through. They did not. "He is located in a large warehouse, further north up the citizen district. You’ll have to fight over a hundred guards, all of them experienced, but in your infinite strength I’m sure you’ll find victory." He said mockingly.
Within a second Ponal removed his sword from his neck, and the two boys were off.

The warehouse was located a good 15 minutes of jogging away from Inù’s River. It was large and entirely made out of stone. Outside there were guards patrolling, ten of them, wearing light mercenary armour. Most of them were equipped with short swords, but the man that seemed to be in charge carried a large two-handed axe. 
"I don’t think we can take them all on at once." Aní said, looking at the man with the axe. 
"Any plans then?" Ponal asked as silently and threatening as when he commanded Excalier to give them directions. Aní thought about all the tactics tests he had aced at the academy, and tried to come up with an appropriate plan for this situation. 
"I have an idea, though it might not work." Aní said, waiting for Ponal’s response. 
"Out with it." He muttered.
"Very well. I’ll attack from the front, hopefully killing one. Then I’ll skirt around the edges of their group and stay out of any attacks. With all of their attention focused on me you sneak up behind them, and take two or three of them down. At this point it will be a bloody, straight out fight, a six on two, but there is a slight chance of victory."
Aní was very confident in his and Ponal’s skills. Their shape was good, technique acceptable, and their energy was at it’s peak after eating proper food at the mansion. The only thing lacking, Aní knew, was experience. Time to start rectifying that, he thought.
"Lets do it." Ponal said, already sneaking around the houses to get a better angle. 

With Ponal’s approval, Aní walked up to the group in a casual, non threatening way. 
"Ho there, good men." He greeted them. Two of them turned and faced him. 
"What’s a little shit like you doing here?" One of them asked. 
"Oh, I’m rather confused myself." Aní said, putting his hand on his sword, which the two fortunately didn’t notice. "You see, I was on my way to Inù’s river to see my friend. Unfortunately he was unable to see me, or anyone at all. He was quite dead."
It took the two a few seconds to realise the mortal danger they were in, and when they did, it was too late. 
"Shit!" One exclaimed as Aní plunged his sword into his ribcage, piercing both heart and lung. The other one drew his sword, but not before Aní could retrieve his sword from the fallen bandit, and plunge it into him. 
Only a second after, the rest of the group was upon him, with the axe-man leading the assault. Aní skipped back as fast as he could, parrying when necessary. He was careful not to be overrun. 
The axe-man swung his axe with all his might, Aní blocked the blow, but lost his balance. One of the other bandits placed himself in a position where he could strike him down. He would not get the chance.
Ponal had found his first kill, and his sword was placed firmly through the man’s neck, denying his opportunity to kill Aní. He did not allow himself time to pause as he saw another bandit unaware of his presence. The bandit lost his head soon after. Now the band was alerted to both the boys, and split up in two groups of three to handle them. 
Having regained his balance, Aní swung his blade at the axe-man, releasing a flurry of blows. The man struggled to parry, and relied on his two fellow bandits to block the blows that he could not. Slowly his group was gaining ground on Aní, who was tiering, and struggling to keep up his pace. 
Ponal fared much worse, struggling to get on the offensive as he was nearly surrounded by the three, having to defend blows from all sides. 
After a few seconds of battle, one of the bandits knocked Ponal in the head with the pummel of his sword, knocking him out. The six bandits regrouped, and attacked Aní. He didn’t last long after that. He was forced to his knees, and disarmed. 
"You fight well, for kids, might’ve considered letting you join the Bloodblades. But you had to go ahead and kill my men." The axe-man said, panting heavily. "I can’t forgive you for that, nor explain to Trakan that I enlisted kids with a grudge against us." He lifted his axe. "This is it kid, say your prayers and hope your gods hears them." 
He swung his axe.

A mist of blood appeared before Aní’s eyes. It appeared like a cloud, enveloping the bandits, slowly descending. The axe-man fell to his knees, with deep cuts all around his body, then he fell in a pool of his own blood. So did all of his men. The blood mist accumulated into small droplets, dripping on the ground. 
The mist settled on the ground soon after, colouring everything it touched in blood red. In the centre of the dead bandits stood Excalier, with a bloodied short-sword in hand.
Chapter 11
Tasks
Ponal lay in his bed, still unconscious. Excalier and Aní sat downstairs, facing each other. Their clothes were bloodied and dyed in a deep red. Neither of them spoke. It was silent enough to hear their heartbeats.
"It’s a wonder no one saw us." Excalier said calmly, breaking the silence. He was satisfied about none of the guards stopping them, and with good reason, they must have left a trail of blood all the way from Bloodblade territory. 
The Silence came again. Aní had been questioning him about how he was able to kill the remaining bandits so fast. He got no answer, just a denying silence. 
"Excalier." Aní said just as calmly. Excalier knew this would lead to a another question about his abilities. He had been holding ground against Aní’s questioning ever since they ran from the warehouse. However, he had been realising he would never relent, and he was stuck in the mansion during the boys’ stay in Kin. His will was starting to break.
"This is the third time something extraordinary have happened to us: First Chump and the river, then in the forest with the woman and Goran’s arrow, and now you. What is this? What are you?" Tension filled the room as he talked.
Maybe I should tell him, Excalier thought. Surely I can tell him something, without breaking the rules. He looked Aní deep into his eyes. "I will tell you one thing." He said. "However, you must swear never to press the matter onto me again, nor tell anyone of what I am going to tell you."
Aní thought only a moment. "You have my word."
Excalier took a deep breath. 
"Very well then. In everything around us there is energy. Wether it is wind blowing, a fire burning or just an object moving, there is energy. I am able to do what I do because I see that energy, I feel it, and I inject into my own body. I take the heat from the fire or the momentum of the object and amplify myself through it." 
Aní thought back and realised the air felt cooler as the blood mist fell. He didn’t think much of it at the time, but there was definitely a change in temperature.
"There are, however, many other ways to utilise this energy, and mine is just one in a thousand. Some might prefer to sling the energy around them, and some inject it into objects, creating exploding stones or molten swords. Some like to change the energy’s form, and transform a blowing wind into an inferno. But all this is dangerous and foolish things, and not something for someone of your age to know about." Excalier said before taking a small pause, breathing in. "Now, I have told you what I promised. I will not teach you, and I will not be hearing anything about the matter again." 
He stood up and headed towards the mansion storage to get some new clothes, leaving Aní to his thoughts. 
Energy? He though for himself as Excalier left the room. He looked over to the candle standing on the table, burning with a faint, warm glow. He went over to the table and extended his hand over the candle-fire. It was hot, and he retracted his hand quickly as his skin started heating. How can I utilise this? He though, ignoring Excalier’s warnings.
He stared at the candle for some time, trying to come up with something, anything. He couldn’t.

"Yes, fire is a good source." A familiar voice said. Aní turned around and saw Goran standing in the doorway. 
"Goran!" Aní said, surprised over him coming this soon, and managing to enter the house without raising alarm. 
"It is energy in a very pure form, easy to work with, well, heat in itself is easy to work with." Goran said, smiling. "I overheard your discussion, seems Excalier beat me to it." He said as he settled down in one of the chairs. "So, you know about energy now. Thats good, I should thank him, the old man saved me some work." He paused, smiling again. 
"How about it kid," he said after being silent for a bit, "wanna learn about energy?" 
Aní’s heart jumped. "Yes." He said, trying to hide his excitement. Goran smiled wide. He stood up and walked over to the candle, gesturing to Aní to be seated in one of the chairs. 
"Fire is always a good source." He said as he made a quick hand movement. Only a fraction of a second after, the fire died, but was revived on another candle standing on the other side of the room. It was not anywhere near the splendorous displays of energy use Aní had seen, but still, he was in awe. And what’s more, this was the first time Aní had seen a person performing it, and not only the result.
"This is one of the most basic forms of energy use, any energy user is able to do this. It will also be the first thing you’ll learn to do." Goran said, gesturing to Aní to come over to him. "It will not be the first thing you’ll have to master, however." 
"What will be the first thing I will have to master then?" Aní asked, slightly confused. 
"First, you must be able to see, then sense, then feel. If you master this, you can touch, and that’s when you will start to learn." Goran answered calmly. "Now, I will give you a task that will help you master sight. I can’t have Excalier finding out about this, so I’ll have to leave after giving it to you." 
Aní looked at him as a question popped into his head. "Why are you willing to teach me this, when both Chump and Excalier was not?"
Goran was silent for a few seconds. "I’ll tell you later." He said. "For now, just know you’ve done me a big, personal favour."  
Aní wanted to ask what the favour was, but did not want to jeopardise his opportunity to learn. So he let it be, and allowed Goran to give him the task. 
"Look at these two candles." Goran said after making sure Aní would not question him. He gestured to the lit candle, and the one that was not. "One is lit, and one is not. Why?" He asked.
Aní thought for a bit.
"Because one have all three ingredients for a fire, and the other has only two." He answered confidently.
"And what are those?" Goran asked, smiling. 
"Something that can burn, air and heat. That was what they told us at the academy anyways." Aní said, now a little less confident, thinking there had to be something more to it. 
"That’s absolutely correct! However, fire is not the only source of energy. Actually, one of the greatest sources of energy is your own body, and best of all, your body is available at all times. And as you understand why the candle is lit, you need to figure out why the body is warm. To use energy, one must know how and why it forms."
Aní had never thought about anything like that before. His body just worked, and that was all there was to it.
"How do I do that?" He asked, not knowing where to start. 
"That would be your choice. Some prefer to meditate. They would go into themselves and find the answer there. I would recommend going to an autopsy however, though getting into one will prove a challenge." Goran answered. He started walking toward the door, but before exiting the room he said: "Oh, and not a word to anyone, not even Ponal, and especially not to Excalier." Aní nodded, then Goran disappeared out the door, and out of the house.

"Young Aní, here are some new clothes, can’t have you parading around all bloodied now can we?" Excalier said as he re-entered the room. He had already changed his own clothes, and put some clean ones by the side of Ponal’s bed. 
"Thank you." Aní said as he received the clothes. Excalier noticed that Aní had deep groves between his eyebrows from thinking too much. 
"Don’t concern yourself with what I told you. There are few who can utilise energy, and even fewer who use it for villainous purposes. You are completely safe." He said, trying to comfort Aní on a subject he had not even considered.
"How many of you are there?" Aní asked, realising that Chump, Goran and Excalier couldn’t be the only ones capable of using energy.
"I do not know for sure. Many of us reside in Naruga, and most are gathered in Har. And even there we are uncommon. I would say about two or three hundred in Einach in total." Excalier answered, breaking his own vow not to tell Aní any more on the subject.
"Are you some sort of sect?" Aní asked, becoming more intrigued.
"No, however, most of the energy users, including me, have had their training in Har, and have some knowledge of each other from there. I would be lying if I said there is not a sort of bond between the users, a sort of community, but it is not prominent nor organised. There is a headmaster in Har who holds some sway over most of us, but we are left in large part to our own free will."
"Who are the energy users? And why do you look like you lost an argument with a bear?" They heard a familiar, groggy voice say behind them. It was Ponal, who looked at the bloodied clothes of Aní, who now held the clean clothes very awkwardly.
"Ah, young master Ponal." Excalier said. "Me and young master Aní here were talking about the different sources of energy, and how a community of energy would make our lives easier. Say, for example, if we could combine the power of a river with the heat of a fire. Then we could have an endless, warm bath, streaming past us. Now wouldn’t that be wonderful?" He said smiling.
Excalier’s explanation was not coherent, nor did he say it confidently, however, Ponal was too tired to catch on. He was much more interested as of why Aní’s clothes were so bloodied, and how they got back to the mansion. 
 Aní and Excalier proceeded to make up a somewhat believable story of how they managed to fight of the rest of the bandits after Ponal got knocked out. They did not mention the blood-mist, nor say anything more about energy use. Ponal seemed convinced enough, and the group dispersed. Ponal went outside to get some fresh air, Excalier took Aní’s bloodied clothes to cleaning, and Aní went up to his room to get changed.

During dinner there was nearly no words exchanged between the three, and the weather outside was in great contrast to the morning weather, raining. Ponal still seemed a bit tired, and Excalier and Aní did not have much desire to talk about energy, especially not in front of Ponal. 
"So now Runth, Inny and the whole mercenary band is gone." Ponal said, slowly going back into the silent, cold rage he had been in after seeing Runth dead. "Who are going to teach us now, Aní? Are we to spar endlessly, and never improve our abilities? After being so easily beat up by those bandits I need more training, and since you needed Excalier’s help to fend off the rest, I’d say you need it to." Ponal said while looking at Aní.
"I am certain we can arrange something with the sword-masters of the city. They would be more than willing to tutor the son of an advisor, and his friend." Excalier reassured him. 
"Just get out of the room." Ponal answered, coldly. 
Excalier stood still, not knowing if it was a command to be obeyed, or a hidden plea for him to stay. 
"Get out!" Ponal shouted, smashing his fists down into the table, toppling over the goblets and bottles on it. Excalier bowed calmly and respectfully, and walked out of the room.
Aní and Ponal sat quietly a few seconds after Excalier had left. Ponal would break the silence: "It’s that Tilju guy’s fault." He said. "If he had done his job, the Bloodblade band would never have formed in the first place. Hell, if he would send patrols into the forest, the wild men would not have been organised either. Think about it, only one guy’s fault that we lost two good friends, and forty men’s lives. And surely we are not the only ones who have suffered by the wild men and the Bloodblades." 
Aní was still hurt and angry over Runth’s death, and he saw the Bloodblades as a threat to the safety of the citizens of Kin. However, he did not feel that Tilju was responsible for it. He would rather blame Trakan for their misfortune, and have his revenge on him. 
"No, Ponal." He said. "If it was Tilju’s fault, the higher-ups in the city would have punished him. I think it’s weird that the guard have done so little about the Bloodblades, but we can’t blame them for the actions of others. I think we should take Excalier’s proposal to make a deal with one of the sword-masters. We need the training to be able to challenge the Bloodblades. Before that however, I think it would be best if we were to go see an autopsy." Aní continued, wanting to handle the task given to him by Goran.  
"An autopsy? Why?" Asked Ponal.
Aní had already planned a believable lie ahead of making the proposal. "They say all human bodies are the same. We were also thought that the more we know about the enemy the greater the chance of victory. I think we’ll be fighting a lot of human bodies before the semester starts at the academy, especially if we want to take down the Bloodblades over the summer. I want to know my enemy, that’s all." He said, confidently.
Ponal looked at him, then smirked. "I know that’s not your intentions, I can tell when you’re lying. But what you’re saying is true enough. Lets ask Excalier about it."
Aní nodded and they called Excalier back in.

"Excalier," Aní said as Excalier entered the room, "is there any way for us to observe, or partake in an autopsy?" He asked. 
Excalier looked at them both, dumbfounded. "Boys, just this morning you did two things I advised against, and you nearly got killed. And now you ask me to guide you to an autopsy? Have you not learned from your mistakes?" He asked. Neither of the boys said anything. "And how could you even think I would know the location of one? It is strictly illegal, and anyone who performs it is certain to be sentenced to death! I will not have you caught by the guards and publicly executed!"  
Ponal looked at him. 
"Excalier, both me and Aní has decided to hunt down the Bloodblades. We will do it, no matter what. We want to see an autopsy to see if we can improve our chances of surviving while fighting them. If you guide us to one, should you know where one is, you will be improving our chances of survival greatly." He said, keeping his cool.
Excalier used a few seconds to think. The argument Ponal made was a bad one, but still valid, as he had already seen their suicidal behaviour. 
"Very well, I will guide you to one. However you must make me a promise." Excalier responded. "You must swear not to take any actions before informing me about it. And if you are going to do anything, we are doing it all together, I will not have you die while not under my watch."
The boys did not think for very long, as Aní responded nearly immediately: "Yes, we have a deal."
Chapter 12
Trakan
There was a knock on the door. Which was a shame, he had just gotten his clothes cleaned from last night’s events, and was looking forward to a quiet evening. 
He was a strongly built man, with shoulder long, dark, thick hair. He was wearing his customary leather armour died in white and red. Being twenty nine years old, he was at his peak. The office he was standing in was a simple one. There was a plain desk with some unattended documents on it, and some other commodities.
"Come in, if you must." He said. 
The door opened slowly, as the one opening it did not want to risk having his head being cut off. 
"Trakan, sir." The man said as his head appeared from behind the door. "Someone killed ten of our guards outside." 
He closed the door slightly as he said it, afraid of Trakan severely wounding him out of rage. 
"So what? They raped a girl with a couple of capable older brothers. They were protecting her, and they got served. Instead of informing me, you should find the ones who did it and recruit them. They are clearly more capable than our former men." Trakan answered irritated. He wanted nothing more than to sit down, read through the documents, and relax.
"There’s more to it, sir." The man said carefully behind the door.
"You see, the corpses, it was like... They... Had.... Some sort of exploding sword cut through them. Just like that time with..." 
He didn’t finish his sentence as his head was loosened from his shoulders. The door had been cut in two, and blood covered the room.
"Excalier!?" Trakan screamed infuriated as he stood with a bloodied sword in hand.
"For seven, fucking years I’ve been in this shit-hole!" He continued as he kicked the dead body repeatedly. "For seven years I’ve witnessed the guards abuse of the people here, the shit-stinking nobilities ignorance, and the injustice that runs so damned deep. And now that we’ve finally gained some ground, you come and tell me that Excalier is back!? You good for nothing shit-sack! I’ll have you molested by rapists and have your body eaten by worms!" 
He grabbed the body and threw it as far down the hall, away from his office, as possible. He kicked the head after it. 
He settled down in the chair behind his desk, rubbing his templates. 
Before him lay the documents granting him the protection money he claimed from the different communities within the citizen’s district. For years he had been building a force on the back of the community on the vague promise of giving the citizens the same rights as the residents. He had planned to overthrow the east city guards, he wanted to use the east city as leverage, forcing the queen to change the laws. 
He was close to being able to do it, but Excalier was a threat. He was one of the four in the city with the ability to bend energy to his will, and having him set against his cause, again, would surely set his work back for some years.

"Sir?" A strong looking man said as he entered the room. He was tall, nearly the same hight as Runth. On his hilt was twin sabres. The man was clearly of Narugan origin, having a dark-brown skin colour. He was Trakan’s second in command.
"Ah, Fojan, the man I wanted to see." Trakan responded. "I need you to go around the district and see if you can’t figure out where Excalier got the idea of attacking us. This isn’t like him, we struck a deal." 
"Actually, sir, there was a trail of blood leading to the residents district, however, the rain washed it away before we could finish tracking it. When it comes to the where Excalier got the idea, he was spotted at Inù’s River right before the attack."
A spark lit in Trakans eyes.  
"That’s where we killed that mercenary band, right?" He asked, well aware of the answer. "Yes, I remember killing that giant. He was larger than you, Fojan, and that’s enough to remember a man by. I was sure that band only wanted to exploit the poor citizens, but clearly there was more to it, yes there has to be."
Trakan leant back into his chair, breathing in.
"Go to Inù’s River and check in with the innkeeper. I want to know where that band was, and who they were to Excalier." 
"Yes, sir. And if I find it necessary to take a life?" Fojan asked with hunger in his eyes.
"Granted, but don’t abuse it. You’ve been to reckless lately."  
With that, Fojan left the room.

***

Aní, Ponal and Excalier was walking towards a large dock house north in the city. The air was still moist after the downpour earlier. Excalier had many connections in the city, and one of them loved seeing the insides of humans in detail. 
"Who is Trakan anyways?" Aní asked as they rounded another corner.
"Trakan is another energy user. A very powerful one at that. He masters both injecting energy into his own body, like me, and manipulating energy. He was known in Har as "inferno blade", he was fond of setting his sword ablaze." 
Excalier continued his explanation as they walked closer and closer to the dock. He explained that Trakan came to the city a few years after him, and became obsessed with protecting the citizens from the abuse they experienced from the guards. Excalier had backed him at first, but when Trakan started demanding tribute from the citizens as protection money, he had gone against him. Excalier nearly got killed in the process, and struck a deal with Trakan. As a former ally, he would be allowed to walk free and live, as long as he swore not to go against the Bloodblades again.
"After that I became the butler of the Aniadi family, it was a fair job, good wage. Trakan on the other hand expanded his activities, and now he controls the entire eastern citizen district. He has also hired another injection energy user as his second in command, Fojan I think his name was. Do you understand now, why I want you to stay clear of the Bloodblade’s way? Not only is Trakan more powerful than me, but he has another energy user following him."
Aní nodded, but even if he did not say it, he did not change their minds about pursuing Trakan and the Bloodblades. 
"What is an energy user?" Ponal asked Aní, who only now realised that Excalier had mentioned energy use in front of him.
"Excalier is far more experienced on the field than I, you should ask him." He answered.
Ponal turned to Excalier, but before he could ask, Excalier interrupted him.
"Ah, let us not talk more about that, we’re here." He said, seemingly relieved.
Before them was a large dock-house, with two small cogs docked outside. The foundation of the dock was made of stone, but the rest was built in dark timber. Inside, several workers was scurrying about, picking up goods and materials and delivering them to the ships. 
Excalier lead them through the Stacked goods, workers and sailors, and through a small door near the far end of the dock. Inside was a room, the air was warmer than normal. Excalier made a hand movement, the air was suddenly freezing.
A door sized part of one of the walls fell inn, revealing another room. The warm air gushing through the opening was very welcome by the two boys, who was cooling fast.
"Inside here." Excalier said as he lead the boys through the opening.
The room was small. It had a few shelves with different tools stacked up on them, and a large table in the centre. On the table was a partially dissembled corpse, its gut opened, revealing the organs inside.
"Might it be Excalier? Coming to visit me after all these years?" An older man said.
He was wearing a plain white shirt, brown pants and silk-gloves. His right eye seemed normal, but his left was replaced with what looked to be a magnifying device, with a dim, red glow inside. His gloves were bloodied, but the rest of his clothes were clean. This man was, without a doubt, an autopsist.
"And you’ve brought youngsters? That is odd, I recall you saying my line of work was immoral and useless, and yet, you bring me students. Had a change of heart, old pal?" The man asked.
"Hello Hafo." Excalier answered. "I was only to bring the boys here, they can explain themselves as of why they would want to be here."
Hafo’s attention shifted to Aní, who immediately uttered a pre prepared answer.  
"We believe knowledge of the human body will help us in our endeavour of taking down the Bloodblades. And when it comes to knowledge of the body, you are presumably the wisest in this city." He said, confident and persuasive as ever.
"Ha! You hear this Excalier? Now I’m wise as well, he he he!" Hafo exclaimed. He got no response and pulled himself together soon after. "Yes, the Bloodblades has become quite the nuisance lately. However, I started this line of work to help people, to heal them. I cannot give my knowledge away to those who would kill. Even though they are killing nuisances. Oh no-no-no." He said, shaking his head.
Hafo stopped shaking his head, and looked at Aní again. A spark lit in his good eye, and the red glow from the device seemed to brighten. 
"Excalier, other boy, leave me and this here kid alone for a second." He said, keeping eye contact with Aní.
Excalier looked suspiciously at Hafo. "If you have started experimenting on live subjects, I will have to put an end to your endeavours right here and now."
Hafo started chuckling, then laughing, then laughing loudly, then stopped abruptly.
"Oh no no no." He said. "I simply saw something in the boy, I only want a few words with him. You can wait in the room you came from." 
Excalier though for a moment, then grabbed Ponal, and the two went outside. Excalier was certain he would be interrogated on the subject of energy use, but he was sure that whatever Hafo would want to talk to Aní about, it was important.
"Clog the hole after you!" Hafo said as the two went into the other room. Excalier did as asked, and the door sized hole was plugged.
Hafo’s attention shifted to Aní.
"You know, boy, when you study the human body for a long time, you learn to interpret the signals it gives off. I know that you were lying about why you’re here. I also have a pretty good guess as why you are here. " 
Hafo allowed room for a dramatic pause, in hopes of building Aní’s anticipation. It worked wonderfully, as Hafo could see the anticipation shining brightly in his eyes. 
"You’re on your first steps of learning energy use, aren’t you? But that’s weird. As far as I understand even talking about energy use to anyone apart from energy users is strictly forbidden by the community. Have Excalier finally broken his bonds with the community then, hm?"
Aní said nothing, but he had a few, barely noticeable, twitches in his left eye.
"Ah, not Excalier then. Maybe Tilju?" Hafo asked, having deciphered Aní’s body language.
"Is Tilju an energy user too?" Aní asked in disbelief. 
"Yes, of course he is. Why else would Trakan have to build up a force of his own, and not just kill off everyone in the eastern guard headquarters? No, the guard Tilju surrounds himself with must be eliminated, so Trakan can take him out in a one on one."
There was a moment of silence. Aní was digesting the new information, and Hafo was scratching his head.
"Well, I don’t know about any other energy users in the city, apart from that pest Fojan. Now, I can give you the answer you seek, but why would I?" Hafo asked, still scratching his head.
Aní had not prepared for this, and he had no answer pre prepared. He thought furiously to come up with convincing arguments, but found none. He usually used his knowledge about the person he was talking to to make convincing arguments, but he did not know Hafo, so his usual technique was useless. The groves between his eyebrows grew deep quickly.
Hafo started chuckling.
"You don’t have to exert yourself, kid. I only wanted to see how much you wanted to learn, and seeing from those valleys between your brows, I’d say you want it badly. I guess I’ll have to tell you."
"Oh! I almost forgot to tell you, I lied. If you are going to kill Bloodblades you can have my knowledge. I just want to keep my appearances up with Excalier. Tell him I thought you something about how to fix a broken arm or something."
A warming flow of relief flowed through Aní’s body, and the groves disappeared quickly. 
Hafo lead Aní over to the table in the centre of the room. The corpse on it seemed recently dug up, having traces of dirt in his hair. 
Aní regretted his decision as he got over to the table, as the stench of flesh got more and more  noticeable, then unbearable. The organs were visible in disturbing detail, and the arteries lashing their way around them gave the insides a distinctive look. 
"Before you, kid, is the human body in all its dead, glorious glory. Just look at it! Beautiful and functional, yet still so very flawed." Hafo said, shaking his head.
"How so?" Aní asked, clenching his nose, and not looking at the corpse more than necessary.
"It’s so dependent on so many things. A fire needs only wood, but the human body needs food, water, and since we don’t have as much fur as our animal friends, clothes or a constant heat source. It has horrible night vision, a very poor natural fighting ability, and the male’s balls is places outside of the body. See? Non-functional."
"Yes, that is a shame, but how is this going to help me master energy use?" Aní asked.
"You never asked why it was the human body you needed to understand, and not, say, a dog?" Hafo asked, smiling wide.
"Because I need to understand my own body?" Aní answered hesitantly.
"Yes! And when you understand yourself you gain the ability of understanding everything else! Ha ha, and isn’t that just wonderful? There are far to many idiots walking around, only believing things, not having anything to firmly know. You can believe your neighbour likes you, you can believe the price of the muffin will be the same as yesterday, but I know the human body. Therefore I understand myself, therefore I know how it is to understand, and therefore I know when I know and not believe."
There was a slight pause, Aní slightly astounded by Hafo’s rant.
"Oh right-right-right-right. I was supposed to help you understand as well." Hafo said. "Well then, I think what you need to understand is why the body is warm."
Aní nodded in agreement, wanting to get the lesson over with as quickly as possible.
"Now, heat is the only pure form of energy, well, that and movement, but they are practically the same. However, we have to save that for another lesson. Now, heat is really a waste product of food undergoing digestion, and friction between muscles and bones. The heat gets evenly spread out through the body via the arteries, which is made functional by this here squishy thing." Hafo said while pressing his index finger against the exposed heart through the opened rib cage.
"If you think, however, that the human body is the only place where heat is a bi product, you are mistaken. Lets use a fire as an example. Are flames a product in itself? No. Flames is the bi product of wood turning to ash. And I’m sure that the heat from the sun is just a bi product as well, but I’m not sure how. So, do you understand now? Energy is a bi product, and it is only temporary. Well, in theory at least."
Aní took a few seconds to think it over, then nodded slowly.
"Yeah, I think I get it. So what I ate for dinner, and moving around is keeping my body warm? And heat is only a bi product of something transitioning into something else?" 
"Yes, that’s about the gist of it. Now, let’s bring in those two unknowing idiots from out there and give them some tips about "defeating the human body" shall we?" Hafo asked, sending a small wink in Aní’s direction.

Hafo continued with giving Aní, Ponal and Excalier lessons about the weak-points of the human body, making sure to tell them the healing properties of these areas to please Excalier. Ponal seemed especially interested on the subject, and decided to stay behind while Aní and Excalier took a walk, discussing strategies for possible ways of defeating Trakan. And with all said and done, the group headed back to the mansion. 
The sun had already started setting when they reached the mansion, making the wet stone-streets shine in a warm, golden colour. 
When inside, Ponal ate as much food as he could, as fast as he could, then stormed up into his room holding a few vials. Aní and Excalier didn’t ask any questions.
The night creeped on, and soon they were all tired. And so they slept.
Chapter 13
Progress
"Good morning, sleepyhead." Goran said as he climbed in through the window. The morning fog lay thickly about the houses, surrounding the city and large parts of the forest. The birds had barely started their morning routines with occasional chittering. 
"Do you have any idea how early it is?" Aní asked, eyes closed and tired sounding, surrounding himself with the warm blanket.
"Early enough for the birds to shit, get up." Goran said, now impatient for Aní to get out of bed.
With a loud moan Aní forced himself out of the bed. Still with the blanked wrapped tightly around him, he stood on the bedroom-floor. He seemed miserably tired.
"Would you say that you don’t have a lot of energy right now?" Goran asked. "If you did your homework, you’d have a pretty good idea as of why. So, what’s the reason?" 
Aní took a couple of seconds to think before answering, his brain was not a hundred percent functioning at the moment. 
"Probably because the body lowers it’s metabolism at night, producing less energy and heat and all that." He mumbled, longing to get back into bed.
"Absolutely correct, excellent work lad. Did you also understand what the real lesson was?" Goran asked, seemingly intrigued.
Aní used all of his limited energy and brainpower to think back to his conversation with Hafo.
"Energy is heat, and heat is temporary?" He guessed.
Goran looked at him for a few seconds, then smiled.
"That’s good enough, good work lad." Goran said, pleased. "Now, lets make you able to sense energy." He said as he walked across the room and seated himself in one of the chairs.
"Sensing energy isn’t something you can be thought, it is a process you have to go through." He took a small pause. "As you may know, there are two forms of pure energy we can use, which essentially are the same, heat and movement. Most teachers make their students learn to utilise both at the same time. However, I think it best if we focus on heat for now, as it’s the easiest to manage."
"I recall Hafo saying the same thing, that heat and movement is the same thing, why is that?" Aní asked out of curiosity. 
"Well, it is a bit advanced and theoretical." Goran answered hesitantly. "But essentially, any substance that has heat gains movement, and anything that has momentum, gains heat. The force balancing it out is friction, which creates heat on the cost of movement. And as you know, heat is temporary, and gets reduced after time."
Aní nodded slowly, not quite managing to digest all the information. With the distraction out of the way, Goran went back to explaining how to sense energy.
"Sensing is understanding how much force is stored in the various sources of energy. For example, a warm stone holds more energy than a unit of hot air of the same size. A fire replenishes its heat for as long as it burns, but any hot object looses it. When you are able to sense energy and its qualities, then we’ll start to actually manipulate it."
Aní’s eyes lit up with a spark of adrenalin. He was about to speak, but Goran interrupted him.
"Well, now that you know what to do, I’ll be off." He said as he stood up, rushed past Aní,  jumped out the window and disappeared.  
Aní was left in his room, and for a few seconds he considered beginning the task Goran had given to him. Then he fell back into his bed, and fell asleep.

***

"Here he is." Fojan said as he tossed a bloodied, half-dead body in front of Trakan. The bleeding cuts on the man’s body soon spread blood over the wooden floor.
"What’s this?" Trakan asked, slightly disgusted by the sight, even though he did not show it.
"This is Keeno, the innkeeper at Inù’s River. I figured you would like to interrogate him yourself." Fojan said, grinning.
"Did he resist?" Trakan asked, studying the cuts on the Keeno’s body.
"No. However the assignment was too boring, to little resistance. I had to have my share of fun now didn’t I?" Fojan answered as he turned to exit the room.
"Next time, make sure he’s able to talk before you drop him off." Trakan said after him, noticing the man had passed out from blood loss.
"Sure thing boss." 
Fojan exited the room, closing the door after him
Trakan turned his gaze towards Keeno, then he sighed. He went over to the fireplace, put in some wood, and lit it. While the fire was slowly growing within the fireplace, he put some crude bandages around the worst cuts on Keeno’s body.
Trakan closed his eyes, and started harvesting the energy coming from the fireplace. He directed the energy from the fire to the cuts, enhancing the healing process of the body. 
Small drops of sweat soon dripped down Trakan’s face, and he could feel the arteries in his wrists pumping. He could sense the wounds on Keeno’s body slowly closing, and after a few minutes, the man started moaning. He was regaining consciousness. 
Finally. Trakan thought. He walked over to the man, picked him up, placed him on the chair, and tied him to it.
A minute passed, and Keeno’s moaning soon became more coherent.
"It seems as though my problems with your petty gang has no end." He said, once having fully regained his consciousness.
"Oh, I wouldn’t call it petty if I were you, my friend." Trakan said. He noticed the well concealed fear in Keeno’s eyes.
"Don’t worry, I only need a few answers. After that, you’re free to go." He said, reassuring him. It seemed to work, as Keeno let his guard down a bit. 
"Well then, perhaps you can consider realising me from these ropes?" Keeno asked, wriggling his hands to clarify what he meant.
"I could, but I won’t. I call it a reassurance policy of me getting the answers I need." Trakan responded. Keeno was silent, and Trakan interpreted it as agreement.
"I had an old friend visit me yesterday. The old bastard is a real nuisance. I have sources telling me that he visited your inn before coming over to my headquarters. He killed ten of my men before escaping. I need to know if you have any idea of why he did so." Trakan said expecting an answer immediately, which Keeno picked up on.
"There was no old man visiting my inn yesterday. There were, however, two young boys demanding me to tell them where your hideout was. But they did not seem very experienced with combat. If you’re telling me that one of them killed ten of your men, you can colour me impressed. Just imagine what the two of them could do together. Maybe they could take you out for good?" He said, chuckling silently.
"You think this is a fucking joke?!" Trakan shouted, grabbing the wounded right arm of Keeno tightly, which resulted in a scream. "I’ve known that fuck for a long time, I know how he kills. I know it was he who killed my men. Now stop hiding him, and tell me everything you know!" 
Keeno hulked, but managed to answer. 
"I swear I’m telling the truth! There was no old man in my inn, just two boys! Who are you talking about?!" He shouted back, the undertone of his voice begging Trakan to release his grip.
He did not, but he did calm his voice.
"A man your age, maybe a bit younger. Strongly built, but somewhat short. Dark hair, which I assume have turned grey by now. Name’s Excalier." Trakan said. He saw that Keeno’s eyes lit up as he heard the name.
"Excalier? I know him! I’ll tell you if you just let go!" Keeno begged.
Trakan kept his grip for a few more seconds to solidify his dominance. Then he let go. Keeno felt immensely relieved, and a satisfying moan escaped him.
"Excalier is an old nemesis of mine. You see, nine years ago my inn was the most popular in town. I had all the guardsmen as patrons, and most wary travellers came to me for bedding. This was all before you came, but times were good. Well, at least until Excalier came to town. He opened up an inn, similar to mine, across town. And, well, in time he got most of my patrons, and he effectively killed my business." 
He took a small pause, then he grinned.
"I still had a few contacts left. And after some planning, I arranged for his inn to "accidentally" burn to the ground. And so it did. I guess he suspected me for some time, but had no evidence to back it, so I was never caught. After that I really didn’t pay too much attention to him. I think he works as a butler in the residential district for one of the advisors. That is really all I know." 
Trakan unsheathed his sword. "So, a butler for one of the advisors then?" He swung his sword. "Thank you." 
The ropes were cut, and Keeno was free.
"Now, get out of here. I don’t want to see your face again."  Trakan said, pointing his sword to the door.
Keeno obeyed and headed through the door and down the hallway. A bit further down from Trakans office he saw a man leaning towards the wall.
"I see Trakan fixed you up pretty nicely." Fojan said.
"Yes, I never thought bandages could help so much. Considering I was nearly cut into pieces. Guess who’s fault that was? I can’t imagine your boss likes having uncontrollable animals like you under his command, hurting his most precious witnesses." Keeno gave the man a stern look. "Now get out of my way, your boss said I could leave."
"I overheard your little conversation up there." Fojan said, not moving an inch. "Do you know the punishment of permanently damaging property? Considering you planned to burn Excalier’s inn to the ground, you should know, in case you were caught." 
Keeno looked suspiciously on Fojan. "What does it matter?" He asked. Not a moment later Fojan’s blade was placed firmly into his chest.
"The punishment is death." Fojan said. "I consider myself a man of the law."

***

The sun was high in the sky. Aní sat in one of the living-rooms with some lit candles around him. There was a bucket of hot water on the floor, and the fireplace was consumed in flames. He was trying to sense the amount of energy stored in the room, but he found it challenging as he had no knowledge of how to measure it. It must be part of the challenge, he thought.
He heard some steps coming down the staircase.
"I finally did it Aní." Ponal said as he entered the room. He was holding a box with a dozen small vials in it, containing a black liquid.
"What is that?" Aní asked, referring to the vials, reluctantly halting his pursuit of sensing. 
Ponal grinned. "After you and Excalier left yesterday, I stayed behind to have a talk with Hafo, as you may know. What you don’t know was what we talked about. You see, I asked him if there was any other ways other than pressure points we could actively use to harm the human body."
He paused to build up Aní’s curiosity.
"Do continue, please." Aní said, slightly curious.
"He told me about poisons. Gas poisons in particular. If I throw this vial on the ground, the content will become a gas that clogs up the lungs, killing the person that inhales it. Just think about it! We can enter the warehouse, find where most of the bandits are, and throw one of these vials in there. We can take out all of their men in one go if we’re lucky!" Ponal said smiling from ear to ear.
"That’s really wonderful, but don’t forget to eat, you didn’t join us for breakfast this morning. Actually, you didn’t have breakfast at all. You can’t become a bandit-killing hero on an empty stomach. On that note, you should go eat. Right now." Aní said, now eager to get back to his pursuit of sensing.
Ponal didn’t move, but took a few seconds to look about the room. He noticed the candles, the fireplace, and the bucket.
He placed the box on the table, and turned to Aní.
"Why is there so many lit candles here? And what is that bucket doing in here? Not to mention that it’s a bit odd to fire up the fireplace so early." He said.
Aní knew he would’t be able to keep it a secret after Excalier’s slip on the subject the day before.
"I’ll tell you about it on three conditions." He said. "The first is you can’t talk about it to anyone, especially Excalier, he can’t know that I told you." Ponal nodded. "The second is that we must talk about it on another place at another time, like I said, Excalier can’t know, so I’m not risking him overhearing what I told you. Lastly, that you can’t talk about it to anyone, ever, understood?" He looked Ponal dead in the eye. 
Ponal looked back for a few seconds, then chuckled.
"Well, whatever you’re doing it seems important. I’m going to go grab a small bite, and I’ll join you for dinner. Come by my room when you think it’s safe to tell me." He said as he picked up the box, and walked out of the room.

Aní spent the rest of the day trying to sense energy. He had some minor progress, and realised that he could feel hot objects within a certain distance, dependent on how hot it was. He practised increasing the range of this, and managed to do it within a meter with lit candles, three meters for the fireplace. The sensation was very similar to putting your hands close to something warm, and sensing the heat coming from it.
Ponal on the other hand ate dinner, and returned to Hafo later in the afternoon. Hafo had given him access to a backdoor that Excalier didn’t know about. Ponal had become Hafo’s new hobby. He wanted to see how much knowledge he could insert into the boy within a certain time frame, and for the moment, poisons and other harmful substances was the subject.

With the day coming to an end, Ponal and Aní decided to spar, which they hadn’t done since before the wild men-attack. They picked up their swords, went into the gardens, and sparred. 
The sweat thick on their foreheads, dripping down. It had been some time since they last sparred, it felt great. The sound of swords clashing, the prediction of the opponents moves. It reminded them of their time spent with Inny, Runth and the rest of the mercenaries. 
Excalier was observing the boys from a window on the second floor. He was reminded of his own days in training in Har, and all his good memories from there.
They sparred for two hours, longer than they usually did before, simply because it felt so refreshing. After the duel they found a time where Excalier had left the house, and Aní told Ponal everything he knew about energy. He excluded the part where Goran was his teacher, in case that could jeopardise his training.
With the night creeping on, they went to bed, and slept.  
Chapter 14
Nana
The breakfast looked magnificent. The two chefs working at the Aniadi mansion had outdone themselves. Newly baked baguettes, with a diverse selection of hams, fruits and salads to put on top. The steam from the baguettes carried the intoxicating smell to the boys’ nostrils.
The occasion for the breakfast was one of the chefs’ birthday, who would be joining the two young masters in eating. This proved a good opportunity for them to inquire about the servants behaviour in the house, and why they were so submissive. Which was a task the boys had neglected since making the annihilation of Trakan’s band their main objective. 
The boys sat on opposite sides of the long-table, waiting for the arrival of the chef. The chef was guided into the dining hall by Excalier, who nodded in respect as he entered. Even though Excalier and the two boys were allied in the fight against Trakan, Excalier was still their servant and had to keep up appearances in front of the other servants. The chef himself performed a big, gracious bow, which must have been hard to accomplish considering the weight and size of the man.
"This is Uge, one of the chefs of this household. It is a proud tradition of the servants of Kin, that on the birthday of high-ranking servants, they can enjoy breakfast with their masters if that is to be accepted by them. On this occasion, is it acceptable for him to join you for this feast?" Excalier asked as he introduced the man.
The two boys smiled.
"Of course, come, have a seat." Aní said gesturing towards a chair by the table.
Again Uge bowed deep and carefully walked over to the chair, and sat down. He looked down into the table, making sure not to look either of the boys in the eyes.
Excalier left the room, leaving the three behind.
"Uge, we wanted to ask you something." Aní said as Excalier left the room." Why are the servants so shy around us?"
Uge kept his gaze fastened to the table.
"Are they making you uncomfortable, master? I can tell them to be more talkative. Surely, any problem you have can be fixed." Uge answered, as if afraid of something.
"Oh no, no. I was simply curious about why the attitude of all the servants was the same. Did you get some sort of education anywhere? If you did, I would be most pleased to hear it." Aní said, inquiring further into the matter. 
Uge looked into Aní’s eyes for a brief second, then quickly looked down again.
"Yes, we have to get an education to obtain the servant certificate, master. We learn many important lessons during our education, like obedience and courtesy. It is all to make us as pleasing and non-intrusive to our masters as possible."
Aní and Ponal looked at each other, then turned back to Uge.
"Where do you get this education?" Ponal asked.
"At Nana’s college of courtesy." Uge answered silently. He may not think that Aní noticed he clenched his fists as he said it, but he did.
"Well Aní, I guess that would be our destination after breakfast. Let’s get Excalier to lead us." Ponal said as he leaned comfortably back into his chair. 
Aní nodded.
"Yes, however, I do believe it is time to eat. Uge, you made the food, you may have the honour."
Uge smiled briefly. He leaned forward and napped a few small things as quickly as possible, he wouldn’t want to make the masters wait for him.
The group proceeded to eat the magnificent breakfast, which tasted every bit as good as it seemed. When finished, Uge stood up from the chair, bowed, and walked quickly out of the room to resume his duties.

"Hey, Excalier! You wouldn’t happen to know anything about Nana’s college of courtesy?" Ponal asked as Excalier re-entered the dining room.
The servants had already removed the leftovers from the feast, cleaned the table, and was well underway doing the dishes.
"Of course I do. You cannot work for a resident or nobility as a mere citizen if you don’t have the servants certificate. Nana’s college is the only school in the city providing the education necessary to obtain it." 
"Were you educated there?" Aní asked.
"Not exactly, no." Excalier answered.
The two boys kept looking at him.
"Allow me to guess. You want me to lead you there?" He sighed.
"You got that right old man!" Aní said, smiling widely, as did Ponal.
"Very well, I’ll take you. A word of warning though, do not aggravate Nana, the headmaster. She is quite violent. She does not take kindly to interruptions. Now, kindly follow me." He said as he walked out of the room. The two boys followed.

Outside it was sunny and warm, the usual morning fog had long since dispersed. The wind had a comfortable touch of warmth and humidity to it, which seemed to rejuvenate Excalier. 
Perhaps when you master energy injection you automatically absorb some amount of energy if there is an abundance of it. Ani thought as he noticed it.
Soon they arrived at Nana’s college. It was a large building near the western edge of the resident district, bordering the western citizen district. It had a circular administrative building in the centre which connected two large, square buildings on the sides. They headed for the centre building.
Inside the administrative building there were few people, a few rich looking men wandered the halls, and the occasional well dressed lady greeted the group. 
They arrived at a desk near the centre of the building, with a blonde woman dressed in plain colours sitting behind it. 
"A, what good looking men." She said smiling to the group, especially to Aní, who looked quite stunning in his formal outfit and well toned muscles. "Are you here to commission servants? We have a large variety of them, from simple housemaids to chefs, gardeners and butlers, all well educated and capable of any and all tasks."
Excalier stepped forward and smiled politely to the lady. "No milady, I have brought my masters here because they desire to converse with the headmaster, Nana."
The lady smiled politely back.
"I assume you have the servant certificate to be allowed to be a butler, a well respected position. I also assume you know it is inappropriate for the servant to speak on their masters behalf when they are present in the room." She said as politely as she could to Excalier. 
"Ah yes, of course, please forgive me. Young masters, is there anything you would like to add?" Excalier said bowing slightly to the boys.
"No Excalier, you are absolutely correct. We would like to see Nana, the headmaster, as you said." Ponal said in Excalier’s defence.
"Well", the lady said, slowly loosing her smile, "not just anyone can demand an audience with the headmaster."
One could notice Ponal’s irritation. He looked the lady in the eyes, "I am Ponal Aniadi, son of Herman Aniadi, eastern advisor to the queen of Eitaph. I am the sole son of house Aniadi, and therefore its heir. May we have an audience with the headmaster?" 
The air was tense for a moment.
"Oh my, yes of course! I would never have imagined the son of an advisor to be so... Fit." She said, noticing Ponal had the same amount of muscle that Aní had. "Right up the stairs, you’ll recognise the room right away." She said, now smiling widely again.
Aní, Ponal and Excalier said "thank you", nodded, and walked up the stairs until they came upon a large doorway. Excalier knocked five times.
"Excalier, is that you? So you finally came to visit after all this time. I would say I have missed you, but it’s been so long I barely remember your face!" A woman’s voice said from inside. 
The doors opened, and in the doorway stood a middle aged woman. Her chestnut brown hair flowed down her shoulders, and her violet dress complimented her figure.
She extended her arm, which Excalier kissed. She then proceeded to give him a harsh slap on his chin, then another.
"You should visit more often." She said, justifying her actions. "Ah, and I see you’ve brought someone with you?" She said turning her gaze upon the two boys. 
"Yes, they had something they wanted to ask." Excalier said, stepping fully into the room, rubbing his now blood-red chins.
"And what would two devilishly handsome boys have to ask an old hag like myself?" She asked the boys. The boys chuckled for a moment, before noticing Nana’s harsh stare, implying that laughing at her calling herself an old hag was a right reserved only to her. Aní pulled himself together, and prepared a response.
"We have noticed something about the servants in our home. They seem to be afraid of us. They rarely speak, they won’t utter their opinions, and any interactions they have with us seems to be rushed. Much like they want to spend as much time away from residents as possible, which is odd, considering their occupation. We wanted to ask if it has anything to do with their education?" He asked. 
Nana frowned.
"Please, come inside, have a seat." She said, gesturing towards some chairs inside the room. They did as she asked, and sat down.
Nana sat down behind her desk. "Yes, I’m afraid that is largely to blame on how they are educated. That’s how we have to educate them. You see, there is a large income inequality between the nobility and residents, and the citizens. Over the years the nobles and residents have developed a superiority complex which have gotten worse over time. We had a case some years back when a servant spoke out of turn on behalf of his master. His master was present, and was most displeased by his servant, he wanted to make an example of him. It was a controversial case, but the servant’s punishment was hanging. Even though this was quite extreme, it shows how helpless the servants are if they’re not careful. We have to teach them humidity, graciousness, and courtesy in order to protect them." 
The answer came unexpected for the boys.
"We ensure they get an education they understand. They are beaten every time they make a mistake to make it all the more clear what is acceptable. We do this only to ensure their safety while they’re doing their work. It is necessary, I’m afraid." She said, finishing her explanation.
One could see the boys were not pleased by the answer, but understood the necessity.
"What is the name of the man that prosecuted the servant?" Aní asked calmly. 
"Hirdman Tilju, the captain of the eastern guard. He’s a noble from house Hirdman, a well respected and prestigious family. Even though he’s the fourth son, and not the heir of the household, he still holds some sway over certain affairs in the city." Nana said before leaning back into the chair, crossing her legs. 
"Enough of that for now." She said, now more relaxed. "I’m sure that when your servants realise how gentle you two are, they’ll start opening up. They are just very careful around residents, and for good reason. Give them time, they’ll improve."
A short silence came, the minds of the boys were still focused on Tilju, whom, except for Ponal’s outbreak a few days back, they had considered a nice person.
"Well Excalier dear, do you think they got a decent answer to their question?" Nana asked in a smooth tone, complimented with an undertone of flirting.
"Yes, I do believe they did. Thank you for your time. Shall we go, boys?" He asked.
Aní nodded, then stood up. Ponal did the same soon after.
Excalier gave Nana a kiss on her hand, then the cheek. The boys bowed politely, and said their thanks and goodbyes.

"I guess we’ll have to pay Tilju a visit." Aní said on their way back through the city. It was nearing mid-day, and the thought of dinner made the groups’ stomachs growl. 
Ponal nodded. Excalier didn’t show any gestures of either agreement nor protest, and simply continued walking.
"We also have to get the servants to trust us. I grow tired of having them shy away from us. They are part of the household, and should act like it." Ponal said decisively. 
"I believe something is wrong." Excalier said, interrupting the conversation between the boys.
"It feels like there is a lack of life in the direction of the mansion." He continued.
Ponal looked at him, then in the direction of the mansion, which was still a few hundred meters away. 
"You manage to sense energy that far away? That’s impressive." He said, both impressed over Excalier’s ability with energy use over Aní’s, who could only sense heat from a candle from within a meter. And also worried about happening at the mansion
"You know about energy? Who told you?" Excalier asked.
Aní looked at Ponal, and Ponal recognised the expression on his face. Make something up! It said. Very well. Ponal thought.
"You told me. You mentioned it before we got to Hafo. After we got home I found a book in my room called the use of energy which explained the concept of energy use. I read it through the night, and I must say, the theories explained in it was very interesting." Ponal said to great relief to Aní.
"I will have to see that book when we get back." Excalier said sounding concerned over the existence of such a book. "However, for now we should focus on getting back to the mansion."

The group started walking faster, and soon, they got to the mansion.
The outside facade seemed normal, however, the gate was opened. The group walked into the gardens. The maid tending to the plants wasn’t there, neither was anyone else. Even the streets  were void of the walking residents.
Inside the mansion they were met with a horrible sight: all the servants dead, piled up on top of each other and stripped of their clothes. The pool of blood extending into each of the rooms next to the hallway. The air was moist from the warm blood, and the scent of intestines was strong. On the top of the pile lay Uge. A knife placed firmly into his stomach, holding a note in place. Excalier went over to the pile and released the note from the dead man.
The note was written in formal, black ink. 

A fair warning.
-Trakan
Chapter 15
Unwanted allies
Aní lay in his bed, the memories from yesterday’s scene were still fresh in his mind. The warm blanked provided little comfort, as he had barely managed to close his eyes during night-time.
He was aware that Goran had been sitting in the window for some time, choosing to remain silent. 
I guess he wants to keep me company.
During the events the day before, someone had heard screams coming from the mansion and called the guards. They arrived quickly after Aní’s group, and started removing the bodies right away, confiscating the note Trakan left for Excalier. 
A cleaning crew came soon after, and started removing blood from the floor and royal carpet. 
Excalier had suggested joining forces with the eastern guards, Tilju. That way they would have as many men as Trakan, and more importantly - as many energy users. It was a plan Ponal reluctantly agreed upon, and Aní strongly resented because of Tilju’s past actions. However, he had been outvoted, and stormed up to his room soon after the matter was decided.
At the moment Excalier and Tilju was discussing the terms of the alliance. 
"You don’t even want to know what they’re talking about, do you?" Goran asked.
Aní pulled the blanket closer to his body.
"Not really." He responded.
Goran sighed and looked over the city.
"Do you want to know why I’m teaching you energy use?" He asked after some time.
"Yeah." Aní said unaffected.
"It’s for two reasons. The first is the favour I mentioned. That woman in the hut, in the forest, that was my wife. She used to be an energy user like myself, but got obsessed with increasing her own potential. She found a way to steal potential from others, that’s why she created the pull of the forest, which attracts those with high potential. You were extremely affected by it, which means you have high potential. Unfortunately for her, breaking the rules laid out by the community in such an oblivious way would only result in her getting killed by some random energy user from Har. So thanks to you, I managed to get close to her and end her misery myself. For that, I am grateful."
"I’m sorry for your loss." Aní said, still under his blanket. "And what about the other reason?"
Goran exhaled.
"I work for your father." He said, assuming that sentence would be enough to make Aní understand.
 They were both quiet for a second.
"Aha, so that’s why he was so pushy about us sailing up the river, to meet Chump and you. He hired you to give us an introduction to energy use, I get it now." Aní said after figuring it out. At least, he though he did.
"Not "us", just you. Ponal has no potential, as is evident from his non-affection from the pull of the forest." Goran said, jumping down from the window, and seating himself by the desk.
"I see. Well then, the only question that remains is how my father has two powerful energy users under his command." Aní said as soon as Goran had taken his seat.
Goran chuckled.
"Powerful is an overstatement. Chump is experienced, But weak, the old bugger passes out from nearly any energy use. I am inexperienced, but have more potential. Your father on the other hand is the second most powerful energy user on Einach, right after the grand master in Har. He is the master of the energy users’ circle in Eitaph. That’s how he has two "powerful" energy users under his command, he’s our boss, if you will. Now, you can’t say this to anyone, yet. Me and Chump are the only ones who knows that you’re his son, there might be dire consequences if anyone else were to find out."
Aní was now sitting in his bed, eyes wide open and not a shred of fatigue remained.
"I guess I should mention that his alias in the community is Kraken. Only a select few know his true name." Goran managed to say before a flow of question escaped Aní.
"You’re telling me my father is a circle leader of energy users? And after all my years living with him I haven’t noticed a thing? Why send me to Kin to learn about energy use then, and not just teach me himself? From what you just told me, he sounds more than capable."
"The grand master forbade him. A child with as much potential as you, trained from a young age by one of the most powerful energy users in Einach, you would have been a huge threat to the finite balance of power. You had to wait to the age of sixteen, and you had to be trained by someone else than your father, at least to begin with." Goran answered.
Aní was at a loss of words, and did not know how to answer.
Goran noticed, and changed the subject.
"So, have you completed the task I gave you? Are you able to sense energy now?"
 Aní wanted to question Goran about his father, but his desire to learn energy use overruled the notion.
"Well, I managed to increase the range of my senses. But so far it only worked with strong heat sources like fire or hot air."
Goran looked at him. "How far?" He asked.
"At the moment, one and a half meter with lit candles, and four with larger fires." Aní answered confidently.
"Good, that means your manipulating range with lit candles is about half a meter. We can start working on touching and manipulating energy now. Be a saint and bring me a few candles from downstairs, we’ll need them."
Aní followed Goran’s command, got dressed, and walked downstairs.

***

"Am I understanding you correctly? You want me to rush my men into Trakan’s headquarters, me with them, just because they expanded their activities slightly from the eastern citizen district?" Tilju asked loudly. The proposition from Excalier had launched into a full discussion.
"You mean to tell me that you refuse to take action against a band of increasingly powerful bandits, not only after they took control over a whole district, but slaughtered the servants of an advisor? What will the generals say? This might even get the queen involved if proper measurements is not taken." Excalier responded.
Ponal was sitting in the corner of the room, observing the two men discuss. Even though he did not like Tilju, he knew his assistance was necessary for the success of the plan.
"Trakan’s band is anything but petty, Excalier, you should know. They are well armed, most consist of experienced mercenaries, and they are disciplined. And most importantly, they have two energy users, one of which is in a whole different league than either of us of us." Tilju said quietly, not wanting the guards still present in the mansion to hear.
"All the more reason to act, I say." Excalier said even more convinced than he was before.
"Bah!" Tilju blurted out as he walked across the room and seated himself in one of the chairs.
"I couldn’t care less for the citizen district, let them be under Trakan’s control. As for the slaughter, only citizens were killed, so I doubt this will get attention from the higher ups. So, the only way we’ll join forces is if you have something I want." 
Excalier looked suspiciously at Tilju.
"Do we?" He asked reluctantly.
"Yes." Tilju answered and turned his eyes upon Ponal.
"Me? What would you want from me?" He asked confused. "I could pay you, but I don’t have a lot of money with me currently."
Tilju chuckled. "No-no, my boy. You are the sole heir to the Aniadi household, therefore, your status as an advisor is practically assured. What I want from you, is your future position."
The air was tense, Excalier was about to argue his claim, but withdrew. 
Seeing it as an opportunity,  Tilju continued. "You could say that with me joining forces with you, I am saving you life. Trakan has made it clear that he has set you as his targets, you’re therefore unlikely to escape death, without my help that is. When your old man dies, I want the rights to the advisor position. In return, you’ll have the full force of the eastern guard at your disposal. Are these terms acceptable?"
Ponal leaned back into his chair, thinking. Both the mens’ eyes were fixed on the boy, and the silence lay over the room like a thick carpet.
"Very well, you shall have my rights when the time comes." Ponal answered in the end.
Tilju smiled wide.
"Thank you, Ponal. Now, if you would please leave me and Excalier to our own devices, we have a lot of planning to do."

Ponal and Aní met in the hallway. Two guards with the red coat insignia of the eastern guard was standing by the main entrance, for the protection of Tilju. 
"Hey Ponal. How’s the negotiation going?" Aní asked as he saw him.
"That shit-hole wanted the rights to the advisor position." Ponal muttered.
"Did you give them?"
"Of course I did! I know you don’t like that man, me neither, but the fact of the matter is we need him. The sooner you accept that, the better. And what about you? I thought you locked yourself in your room." Ponal said, obviously upset. 
Aní took a look at the guards that stood a few meters down the hallway. He pulled Ponal into the dining area.
"Goran is in my room. I’m finally going to learn some energy use, so I need candles." Aní said clearly exited.
"Yeah, that’s great. There are some candles in the drawer over in the corner, so good luck with that. I’m going to go back to my room to make some more poison, I think we’ll need it." 
It seemed Ponal didn’t respond well to Aní’s excitement. They split up there, Ponal to his room with vials and ingredients, and Aní to his with candles.

***

Trakan sat in his office, waiting. Since the attack on the mansion he had expected Excalier to act rashly, charge the headquarters, raid his outposts, anything to draw him out. But nothing had happened. His frustration would soon get the better of him, and some bandit would have to pay the price for that.
It knocked on the door.
"What?!" Trakan shouted, barely managing to contain himself to the confines of the chair.
"We have spotted Tilju in the Aniadi mansion, he and Excalier seems to be planning something." The bandit squeaked, not daring opening the door.
Ah, it seems as if I can squat two flies at once.
"Excellent news. Send Fojan to my office, and tell the men to halt their duties, and gather in the mess hall." Trakan commanded contently as he leant back into his chair.
"Yes sir!" The bandit said relieved as he scurried down the hallway.
A few minutes later, Fojan appeared in the office. He seemed tired and irritated, no doubt had the bandit woken him up.
"Some irritating squeaker told me you wanted to see me?" He said as he settled down in a chair in the corner.
"Yes, I did. As you know, there are four energy users in the city. That’s me, you, Excalier, and Tilju. I just got word that Excalier and Tilju are planning something, presumably an attack on the Bloodblade base." Trakan said.
"So it’s a two vs two then?" Fojan asked, now grinning.
"Yes, and I want you to have the honour of killing Tilju. He will most likely be guarded by an elite guard, so I’ll assign fifty of our best men to your command. Get through his defensive line, and kill him off. Excalier is mine though, so stay a league away from him, not that I think you would be able to kill him anyway." Trakan teased.
However, what he said was true, Fojan was powerful, but inexperienced. Excalier on the other hand had been an energy user for more than twenty years. He was undoubtably the better of the two.
Fojan seemed irritated, but knew when he was outmatched, and did not argue.
"I’ve told the men to gather in the mess hall, I have to give them a speech, considering I’ll send most of them to their graves in the near future. I want you to stand beside me, to let them know that you’re a commander as well." Trakan said as he stood up, and started walking out of the office, Fojan followed.

There were 150 men gathered in the mess hall, cramping it to the limit, but it was the only large room in the building, and therefore the only suitable. There were more men a year prior to this, where willing local men would swell the ranks in hopes of Trakan keeping his promise. Because of his limited progress however, most of them had left. Now the band consisted mostly of mercenaries looking for wealth, and a few remaining local loyalists.
When Trakan entered the room the loyalists shouted and clapped energetically, the mercenaries on the other hand gave just a customary applause. 
Trakan walked among the crown, and stood atop an elevated table near the centre of the room, Fojan positioning himself slightly behind.
"Men! The time has come! The eastern guard is planning an attack, with the servant-slaughterer Tilju in the front!" Trakan spoke as loudly as he could. "I have given Fojan the rights to his demise, and fifty of our bravest, best and most resilient soldiers will go with him. That will be the honour guard, the brave men who will kill the head of a serpent we have long hated! The rest shall be with me, and hold the main line from the tireless waves of the guardsmen! And we shall hold long and steady, until the real demon of the horde appears!" He shouted.
There was a flickering of fear in the men’s eyes. Fighting men they could, but demons they could not. Trakan took notice.
"He might look like a man, but he is a demon inside. He is fast, powerful, frightening! But do not fret, I have been plotting out tactics and opportunities to take him down for years! I have been tirelessly planning his demise! I know how to kill him, I know when to kill him, and every wheel leading to his death is already set in motion! He shall die, and not one of you shall succumb to his sword!"
It seemed to work, as most of the men calmed down, some even started cheering. Pleased, Trakan continued his speech.
"We do know that the attack comes in the near future, all operations outside the boundaries of the base shall be halted! We shall remain here, and await the attack! Here on home turf, we shall win!"
The whole crowd started cheering.
"Tell your sons, your brothers, your wives and your daughters that soon you shall have the rights of residents! Know in your heart that soon you shall have gold and riches! Know that soon you can settle down, and live quietly! Know that with me, you shall taste victory!"
The crowd was now wildly shouting, cheering, clapping and slamming. 
Content, Trakan returned to his office, and started drawing out defensive lines that could be used within the building. This was his big chance, both for killing Excalier, and keeping the promise he made for the citizens so many years ago. He wouldn’t let it slip.
Chapter 16
Preparations
It was late in the evening, the sun dipping below the horizon, signifying the end of a long day. Excalier and Tilju was still debating the execution of the attack, however, they had already outlined a crude attack-plan: After nightfall one hundred men would attack the main entrance, and the remaining twenty would charge from the side entrances. The small group of twenty would consist of Tilju himself and nineteen of his best troops.
At the moment they were only debating specifics, like which formations to use, need for special equipment, and other things of that nature.
Ponal had been staying in his room all day, only taking breaks to go to the toilet, and eat. He had produced another set of poison vials, which he would present to Excalier later as a possible strategical asset. He would not, however, tell him that he got the recipe and necessary ingredients from Hafo, still wanting to preserve Excalier’s perception of the man.
Even though he had just had two private lessons from Hafo, he was beginning to understand the inner workings of the human body, making it easier to produce substances that could harm it.

"Excelent work, you’re getting it now, lad!" Goran encouraged as Aní successfully managed to change which candle was lit for the fourth time. Since Excalier was downstairs, focusing on arguing with Tilju, Goran had taken the opportunity to personally lecture Aní. Because of this, and Aní’s vast potential, he had managed to teach the boy basic manipulation within a day, which was a feat that usually took more than a week to achieve for normal apprentices.
"Is there anything more challenging we can try?" Aní asked excitedly, wanting to learn more.
Goran shot him a confused stare.
"You aren’t tired? Most apprentices are exhausted after their first successful attempt."
Aní paused a moment and searched his body for any sign of fatigue, he did not find any. He shook his head.
"Very well. It seems like you really are the son of Kraken." Goran said as he gathered both candles to his side of the table. He lit them both.
"Now that you’ve learned to transfer energy from one object to another, I want to teach you to apply energy to your own body. After applying the energy from your body, I want you to release it from your palms, much like this." He said as both the candles went out. A second later a small burst of fire escaped Gorans hands.
Aní’s eyes lit up in excitement. Not because the small burst of fire seemed impressive, but he imagined himself doing it with a fire of substantial size. He saw the possibilities. This was something he could offensively use.
Noticing Aní’s excitement, Goran continued.
"The way you do this is very similar to changing the objects of which the energy is attached to. You reach out and touch the energy with your mind and grab a hold of it. However, this time, don’t imagine yourself transferring it to another object, but imagine making the energy and yourself one entity. Much like melting together. Very much like a large river merging with a smaller one." Goran explained as he lit the candles again, and sent them back to Aní.
Aní did as he was told. He closed his eyes, focused, sensed the two energy sources in front of him. He extended his mind, touched them and grabbed them. The two lights were extinguished, and Aní opened his eyes, sweating slightly.
"I feel warmer." He said.
"That’s because you are. Energy is warmth, and when you absorb heat from a source your whole body grows warmer. You have to be careful when storing larger amounts of energy though. Now, reach for the energy inside your body, and expel it." Goran commanded.
Aní closed his eyes again, and raised his palms slightly. He sensed his own body swirling with energy, much more than the energy stored in the candles, but less dense. He reached out, and took a large bit of energy from his thighs. He imagined the energy turning into a fire blast. The energy did as commanded and moved quickly from his thighs to his palms.  
The blast coming from Aní was big. The fire reached out from his palms, over the table, and was inches away from Goran before it died. Aní was shocked, how could he have created something that large? Suddenly however, he felt cold. He couldn’t sense his thighs at all, and all areas surrounding them felt frozen.
"I’m cold, Goran." Aní said with shivering teeth and shaking body. "I’m very cold."
Aní’s vision blurred, and then, black.

Aní opened his eyes, he was still on his room. He noticed a man sitting next to him, Goran. He had his eyes closed and was sweating considerably. The room was very cold, probably because Goran had taken most of the heat from the air to heal him. His body didn’t feel as horrible as it did before, it was warmer.
"How long have I been out?" Aní mumbled.
Goran opened his eyes and looked at the boy. "Ah, you’re awake. Good thing, I thought getting you back to speed would take forever. Well, you’ve been out for about fifteen minutes, and you’d be dead if you didn’t have someone experienced in energy use sitting next to you."
Aní looked at him in confusion.
Goran noticed his confusion.
"You took too much energy from one place, your thighs. You took, not a bit, but all the heat from them. They froze down and halted your blood from passing through them. You passed out because you were reckless, but then again, that was the point of this test." He said, smiling.
"What? If I took the energy from my entire body instead of just one area, I would be dead! You could have warned me!" Aní said, now more energetic.
"Quite true." Goran chuckled. "However, an experience like this serves as a reminder for an energy user. Never use your own body’s energy, except when you are in grave danger. If you store energy inside your body, only use that bit of energy, and not more."
Aní sighed, then nodded. "Can I take energy from another person’s body? As a sort of offensive?" He asked, thinking it could be a valuable offensive technique.
"Yes, but at your current level it would be quite impossible. Not only would you have to be very close to the person, you also have to consider the movement of the person. Even for me it’s difficult to grab a hold of a person’s energy, especially in a combat situation. And you can’t use that tactic on energy users, they’ll just suck their energy back." Goran answered.
The door to the room opened, Ponal stepped in. He was immediately shivering.
"Why is it so damned cold in here?" He asked while wrapping his arms around his body, trying to conserve his heat.
"Ah, well, it is rather cold outside, and we forgot to close the window." Goran explained, trying to be as convincing as possible.
"Oh, don’t bother. Aní has already told me, and I recognise this coldness from the time Excalier opened the hidden door to Hafo’s place. Energy use, I think it’s called?" Ponal answered, tightening his arms.
Goran looked at Aní. "What?!"
"Relax old man, Ponal is my best friend, he deserved to know." Aní said. If he was worried about Goran’s wrath, he did not show it.
Goran was at a loss of words for a few seconds, then he shook his head. "The reason I told you, Aní, is that you have almost unlimited potential, inherited from your father. One could say you were destined to become an energy user. Ponal, on the other hand, has no potential in his family line. He is therefore unable to learn energy use, and should not know about it."
"But now that he knows, I guess we’ll just have to trust him not to tell anyone else." Goran said, giving Ponal a stern look.
"Don’t worry, I won’t." Ponal said. "How is the training progressing by the way, have you learned anything yet?" He asked, looking down at the still immobile Aní.
"Yeah, I managed to shoot a large fire out of my hands. It cost me my thighs though, but Goran fixed me up." 
Ponal’s eyes opened just a little bit more. "Really? Fire out of your hands?" He asked in disbelief. "I’m sorry, but that seems rather impossible."
Aní sat up, and looked back. "Impossible like the time the Afon sailed several hundred meters upstream?" He asked.
Ponal opened his mouth, then closed it again. "I guess I’ll just have to believe you."
"You don’t have to believe me, I can do it again." Aní said, smiling wide.
Goran shook his head in disbelief. "No Aní, you can’t. I don’t have the fatigue to fix you up like that again, converting heat to healing charged energy takes its toll on the body. And there’s not enough heat in the room as of yet that I can absorb. I’m afraid I can’t let you do another stunt like that."
Aní laughed for a bit. "Goran, good man, this time I’ll only use the energy from the candles, not my own. Don’t worry, it’s just a demonstration."
Goran sat silent for a few seconds, then he grunted. He stood up, picked up the two candles and put them next to Aní. He lit them both.
A second later the fire was gone, absorbed by Aní, who instantly felt warmer. Ponal leaned forward in anticipation, awaiting the fire blast.
A fire, the size of a finger, escaped Aní’s right palm. A fraction of a second later, it died out. The group was silent for a few seconds, Ponal awaiting more, and Goran impressed by the accurate amount of energy Aní used.
"That’s it? Where’s the fire?" Ponal asked, chuckling.
"Oh no, Ponal, that was excellent use of energy. Good work Aní, very good. Now, I believe it is time for..." Goran said as he looked right to Ponal, and was shocked to see a man standing in the opened doorway. The man was well dressed, with dark hair with hints of grey in it.
"Hello there, Excalier." Goran said surprised.
"It seems to me that young master Aní have been taught some basic aspects of energy use. Why would that be?" Excalier asked, locking Goran in place with firm eyes.
"I am under orders from Kraken to train him, I am simply following protocol." He answered.
Excalier stepped into the room with slow, determined steps, seating himself in a chair a few meters from Aní and Goran. "And when, Goran, did it become protocol to teach young boys in the art of energy use? What interest does Kraken have with Aní? As far as I know, the Eitaph community haven’t been recruiting in thirty years, why now?"
Aní and Goran shared a glance. Aní nodded, knowing what Goran thought.
"Excelier, Aní is him." Goran said. Excalier looked confused for a second, then a wave of realisation washed over him.
"Ah, so Aní is the son of Kraken. Well, I knew I sensed some extraordinary potential in him, I guess that explains it." He said, looking at Aní with a slight hint of awe.
Ponal looked about the room, confused. "The son of Kraken, "him"? As far as I know, Aní is the son of mr. DeAntor, not some mythical sea monster. As for him, I was unaware of his part in some legend or prophecy."
Excalier turned his head towards Ponal. "He is no part of any prophesy, just a well known figure in the community. Kraken is an alias used by the Eitaph community’s leader, an insanely powerful energy user. He had a son a bit over sixteen years ago. It is tradition among energy users that the parents train their children in energy use. Kraken however, was not allowed to do so. The grand master in Har commanded Kraken that he could not be the one to train his son, at least not to begin with. And what’s more, he had to wait until his son was sixteen, outrageously old for a son of an energy user. The situation nearly resulted in a war between Kraken and the grand master, however, a fight between two monsters like that would result in the death of hundreds of thousands, if not more. Therefore, Kraken decided not to take action. One could say Kraken saved many lives by doing so."
The room fell silent, until Excalier spoke once more.
"Oh, I nearly forgot what I intended to tell you. The plan has been finalised and we are moving out in a couple of hours, Tilju needs that time to organise his city guard. I have put some fitting armour for you both in the hallway, put it on once you are prepared. As for you Goran, we could always use another energy user."
Goran shook his head. "No master Excalier, I’m afraid I am very tired. Aní just did a large burst of fire with his own energy. Patching him back up has been very demanding."
Excalier nodded. "Very well, I’ll take my leave then." He said as he stood up, and walked out of the room.
"I’ll go too. I am looking forward to seeing you fighting prowess, Aní." Goran said as he stood up, and walked over to the window, then disappeared. 
The room fell silent with just the two boys left.
"That little flame wasn’t very impressive." Ponal finally admitted, breaking the silence.
"I did work very hard on that, you should be happy on my behalf!" Aní joked back.
The two boys enjoyed a small laugh.
"So now what? Get our weapons, throw on some armour, and kill some bandits?" Ponal asked. 
"I guess so."
Chapter 17
Conflict
One hundred and three men stood in formation some distance away from the warehouse that served as the Bloodblades’ headquarters. Excalier stood at the front, wearing nothing but his butler outfit and pouch. Aní had heard the guardsmen calling him crazy, a madman. If only they knew what he could do. He thought for himself. He doesn’t need any armour.
Aní and Ponal stood by his side, both wearing high quality chain-mail. Ponal had, in addition to his sword, a belt with several glass vials attached to it, containing poison. He had given four vials to Aní and Excalier each, in case they should need them.
The Bloodblades’ headquarters was illuminated by a few torches placed around it, giving it a warm look in the dark night.
"There seems to be no men outside." Excalier said observantly. "That means they have either abandoned the warehouse, which is unlikely, or they have set up an ambush within. I advise caution, young masters, do not stay at the front."
The boys nodded in agreement, dying before they could get their revenge on Trakan would be a waste. 
Tilju and his band of elite soldiers was barely visible a hundred meters away, to the east of the warehouse. The plan was to charge in with the main force, distracting the bandits within, then  the smaller group would wreak havoc from behind. 
"Alright men! You know the plan, let’s go kill some bandits!" One of the guard-commanders shouted, obviously run out of patience. The men followed the command, and charged the warehouse a moment later. Excalier was at the tip of the charge, Aní and Ponal followed his advise and fell back into the main body of the force before charging themselves. 
As they ran they noticed the air getting colder, and the gentle breeze was coming to a stop. Excalier is consuming energy to make himself stronger. Aní thought.
He was proven right a second later. 
Excalier smashed into the main entrance, splitting the barred door open, splinters flying into the hallway of the warehouse.
The soldiers slowed their pace and gasped.
Excalier had prepared a response. "There was an explosive devise attached to the door!" He shouted. "If we opened it normally we would be the ones suffering from the splinters caused by the explosion! However, by punching straight into it I turned the device agains them, and forced the entrance open, now charge!"
The force slowly picked up their momentum again, then charged, believing Excalier’s lie. The first few soldiers charged into the warehouse, then more. There were no bandits inside. Being made aware of the probability of an ambush, the guardsmen slowed their pace as they ventured further into the base. As they couldn’t find any bandits, not even in the bedchambers, whispers of the bandits retreating spread amongst the guards.
After searching the bedchambers that was lined up besides the main hallway, the first guards entered the mess hall at the centre of the base. Once inside, they were proven wrong. 
A hail of arrows shot through the first men, cutting them down. The ones behind raised their shields immediately. The archers had lined up against the two walls close to the entrance, so they wouldn’t get spotted by the first few men to enter.
Another hail of arrows flew towards the guards, this time only a few fell, their shields proved valuable. The bandits dropped their bows once they saw the arrows had little effect. They drew their swords and prepared for close combat. Noticing that the bandits was dropping their bows, the guardsmen charged forward, rushing their position.
The initial charge killed more than a few bandits. The guards’ heavy armour gave them a huge advantage in close combat as they continued to cut through the bandits’ position. The archers was falling one by one, and victory seemed assured. What the guardsmen didn’t notice was that they had effectively broken formation, split in two, leaving a large leeway between their two groups.
Another large group of bandits charged into the room from the entrance on the far side of the room. They started attacking the two groups of guards from behind. When forced to fight against two fronts, the two groups of guardsmen was forced into a defensive stance. The guardsmen trying to reinforce the two groups from the hallway was trapped in the small entrance, being held off by the central bandit force. 
It was a bloody stalemate. The guards’ superior equipment versus the bandits superior positioning. At first an equal number of them fell, the bandit-archers had almost been wiped out. However, with the bandits’ superior numbers within the mess hall, they slowly gained the advantage as more and more guardsmen fell. And soon, all that remained within the mess hall was bandits, all the guardsmen killed. In this initial confrontation, nearly half the guardsmen had fallen, along with forty bandits.
Excalier forced his way through the guardsmen clogged up in the hallway. He pushed the guards out of his way, almost reaching the end of the hallway before noticing the hall was filled with bandits. He turned to a guard-commander.
"What is going on over there?" He asked the commander, gesturing towards the entrance.
"Our men got trapped inside, now they’re most likely dead. Our men can’t reinforce through the entrance, the bandits are holding them off." He answered.
Excalier looked to the entrance. If Trakan was present, he would most likely try to engulf the guardsmen in flame. He must be somewhere else. He though while he considered using energy to free the entrance of bandits. Then he touched his pouch and remembered the glass vials, a plan formed in his mind.
He forced his way forward to the entrance, and placed himself just behind the two guards fighting the bandits. He grabbed the first glass vial, and threw it to the back of the mess hall. Then he threw the rest, each closer to the entrance. 
At first, nothing changed. Then the gas spread and started to work. He could hear coughing, then screaming, then nothing. The bandits fighting at the entrance noticed the silence behind them and realised there was no one left but them. Trapped between poisonous gas and the guards, they threw down their arms and surrendered.
The guards shared a glance, brisling with success.

***

Tilju and his group of elite guards - consisting of most of the guard-commanders - saw the main body of the guardsmen charge the warehouse.
"That’s it men. Don’t forget your formation, I wouldn’t want to be without my honour guard when facing the bandits." Tilju said. "Now, we aren’t like the brutes over there," he gestured toward the main force, "so we’ll take our time entering the building. We need to make sure the bandits won’t notice us."
With that, the small group headed for the small entrance on the side, lit up by two torches. Marching steadily until they reached the entrance, Tilju imagined himself as an advisor, a position held in high regards with any noble family. One of the guard-commanders kicked down the door, only to be greeted by something unexpected.
"Greetings, I’ve been waiting." Said a voice coming from the dark hallway, the torches barely showing the silhouette of a man. In shock, the guard-commander stepped back. Not a moment later the air around him froze. Then, in a flurry of slashes the man inside rushed out, cut through him, and split his body into several pieces.
The small group of guards took a few steps back, disgusted and frightened by the sight. 
Tilju stepped through his personal guard, now consisting of eighteen elite soldiers, and placed himself in front of them. "Ah, you must be the hired muscle Excalier warned me about. Such a pitiful display." He said as the man was joined by several other bandits streaming out from the entrance. "Fojan, was that your name? I usually can’t remember bizarre names, so you’ll have to forgive me."
"Shut up." Fojan said. "I think a battle between us would only hurt both my boys, and those toys of yours. Lets take this a bit further down the road, and let our men do the fighting. Mine have been hungry."
Tilju grunted. A direct challenge from a lowly mercenary. Denying would mean loosing respect from his peers, should the news spread. On the flip side, it would mean having to fight an energy user without the assistance from his own men. 
He considered how fast Fojan had been able to cut down the guard-commander and concluded that they were equal in terms of power. However, Fojan was young, and could most likely be tricked into making a fatal flaw.  
"Very well, fifty meters down the street, the large opening. My men will fight your "boys" in the meantime." Tilju answered. "The one who survives get’s to finish off the others rabble."
Fojan grinned, then he ran towards the opening. Tilju followed. A second later the bandits charged the nineteen elite troops.

***

The poisonous gas inside the mess hall ignited, resulting in part explosion, part inferno. The remaining bandits were scorched alive, and the foremost guards stumbled backwards into the hallway, shielding themselves from the encroaching flame-wave. 
"It seems I missed the heart of the action." A familiar voice said from the far end of the room, his footsteps echoing through the chamber. 
Trakan! Excalier thought.
"What say you, Excalier? You’ve already killed off my main force, why not fight me to sate your hunger?" He asked. "Surely a few, lowly bandits won’t be enough? Come fight me instead, I’m so much more satisfying."
"I have no such hunger, Trakan, I have no desire to fight you. I only ask that you leave Kin with the rest of your band.This way, we can spare our men from further casualties!" Excalier answered, stepping past the wounded guards, into the mess hall.
"Not going to happen, old friend. Draw your sword, I couldn’t bare to kill an unarmed, old man." Trakan said, pulling his own sword from its scabbard. 
Seems there is no stopping it then. Excalier thought as he drew his sword. He walked towards the centre of the room, towards Trakan.
The air is warm, it should be enough to keep up an energy injected body for half a minute. Unfortunately there seems to be a lack of reusable energy sources, I have to be conservative with the energy. 
The air started to cool as both energy users prepared their bodies for battle.
"Last chance Trakan, walk away." Excalier warned.
Trakan didn’t answer, he just started running, fast.
Excalier did the same. The air cooling faster.
Both of them had energy injected bodies, their strength, speed and balance enhanced. Also, their eyesight grew better, and their reactions were much quicker. 
The initial blow between two energy users was to test the opponents strength. It was clear that Trakan was stronger than Excalier, as the middle aged man was pushed back by the blow. Even so, he regained his balance and charged again.
Excalier released a flurry of blows, focusing on speed rather than strength. Trakan was pushed back, slightly. Excalier swung again, this time, however, Trakan blew the attack away with his sword. His free hand was swung against Excalier, as it did, the air froze. Trakan was consuming large amounts of energy.
Oh no. Excalier managed to think before the air in front of Trakan’s fist expanded rapidly. Excalier was flung back several meters, flipping once, then landing on his back. He felt a few cracks in his ribs as he rolled across the floor. He drew some of the remaining power from the air, and got himself up and on the offensive again at a mind boggling speed.
"Why aren’t you setting your swords ablaze, Inferno-blade?" He asked while unleashing a new set of blows towards Trakan, his ribs hurting more than they should.
"So you can absorb the flames and use the energy for yourself? I think not. It is only a prop I use to scare the unfortunate peasant." Trakan answered as he blew Excalier back another two meters.
"Come on Excalier, beat him!" A voice shouted from the entrance. A sense of fear ran through Excalier.
"Aní, get back!" He shouted as he parried another blow from Trakan. "I won’t be able to defend you if he comes after you!"
Trakan laughed as he unleashed a new flurry of blows. "I wouldn’t worry about that, old friend, you are my one and only priority." 
Small ice particles started forming on Excalier’s forehead, one could see his damp breath. There was no more energy in the room for Excalier to use, but that would mean Trakan had none as well.
"It seems we are at a standstill." Excalier said observantly, parrying the now normal powered blows from Trakan. Even though he most likely had broken a few ribs, killing an energy user without access to energy was a far easier task than one with. And if not possible for him, then for one of the guards. He had succeeded.
"Out of spunk already?" Trakan asked with a glimmer in his eyes. He raised his sword, and swung it down with unnatural speed and strength. Excalier parried, but the sheer force of the blow forced the sword out of his hand. 
Excalier fell to the ground, dizzy from the impact, he franticly crawled away from Trakan. "How?" He asked.
Trakan smiled at his success. "You see, Excalier, when you left, we were at an equal level. I had more potential and you had more experience. However, I honed my skills while you slacked around in that mansion of yours. The range of which I can absorb energy extends even beyond this room. Like just now, I used energy from outside these walls, that gentle breeze, to force you down." 
Excalier realised he had been defeated. "I see, then my fate was sealed when I entered this duel. You have won."
Trakan grinned widely. "Yes, I have." He picked Up Excalier from the ground. "Farewell, old friend." He said before plunging his sword into Excalier’s heart, killing him instantly.
Chapter 18
Vanquished
The elite guards raised their shields as the bandits charged. They were outnumbered, nineteen to fifty, but they had superior equipment and training. Standing in formation, the initial charge of the bandits did little to harm them.
As they deflected the initial charge they raised their swords and slashed at the bandits in front of them. Some of the bandits parried, some didn’t get the chance and a number of them fell.
Encouraged by their initial success, the guards pushed forward into the larger group of bandits. A bad choice.
Even if pushing forward meant killing more bandits more quickly, they allowed the group of bandits to surround them, they lost their formation. The bandits seized the opportunity and pinned the guardsmen down in the centre of their group.
Fighting with enemies on all sides proved more difficult to the guards, and they started falling at the same rate as the bandits. Soon, the bandits would get the advantage, and win.

 Further down the road Tilju and Fojan had arrived at the opening. The mellow breeze would contribute a constant flow of energy, even if it was not of substantial quantity. The two energy users had to be considerate about where they applied their enhanced attacks.
"You seem like a brute, Fojan." Tulju said as he studied his opponent. "Mindless, and uncontrolled. I however, am quite civilised, and I intend fight like a proper energy user." He continued as he unsheathed his sword. He took a moment to look at its fine, steel blade, then he dropped it to the ground. 
"Fight like a ‘proper’ energy user? It seems more like you’re surrendering, dropping your weapon to the ground like that." Fojan answered, slightly puzzled.
"An energy has no needs for weapons, allow me to demonstrate." Tilju answered, grinning.
The air within the open area cooled as Tilju charged Fojan’s position. Fojan drew his own dual-swords and absorbed as much energy as possible, brazing himself for the impact. 
Tilju smashed into Fojan, his mailed gloves deflecting the large man’s blades. After e flurry of blows and deflections, he found an opening in Fojan’s defences.
He swung his right arm against the large man’s face, and followed up with an instantaneous kick aiming for the same spot. Fojan dodged the punch, but lost his balance doing so. Yes! Tilju thought. There is no way he’ll be able to dodge my kick!
Tilju reached out and gathered all the energy stored in the immediate area, and guided it to his right foot. Once his foot was mere inches away from Fojan’s face, the energy exited the foot and made the air expand rapidly and forcefully.
The blow struck the large man’s chin. His head flung back with incredible speed, his body followed. He hit the wall on the far side of the open area, making the whole building shake. Grunting, he got back on his feet.
"Good move, old man." He said, seemingly unharmed apart from a rift on his right cheek, were the blow had hit.
"Oh, I have many more ‘smart moves’ in store." Tilju answered as he started walking confidently towards Fojan.
Fojan smiled, the  he stampeded towards Tilju with his swords raised in an aggressive position.
Again they sparred, Tilju carefully dispelling the predictable blows from Fojan. He repositioned himself and prepared for another successful blow. However, before he found the perfect opening, he felt the air freeze around him. Fojan is consuming large amounts of energy, for what? He thought.
He got an answer soon after, just before he parried another blow from Fojan. The air behind Fojan’s blade expanded rapidly, giving it extraordinary speed and force. Tilju had no time to remove his hand before the impact, and watched in horror as half his hand was cut off.
He screamed as he kneeled, keeping the hand close to his body. The blood from his stumped fingers was streaming down the fine armour.
"Thanks for showing me that trick, old man. I even made my own version of it, aren’t you proud?" He asked triumphantly as he kicked Tilju to the ground, keeping his foot cemented on top of him.
He got nothing but painful moaning as an answer, which gave him immense satisfaction.
He smiled wide as he looked over to the battlefield between the guards and the bandits. "Now, by the looks of things I won’t have to kill off your rabble, your men are already dead." 
Tilju glanced over to the small battlefield. It was true, only bandits remained. "And you won’t get the opportunity to kill off mine." Fojan concluded, grinning at his success.
The large man lifted his swords, preparing to impale Tilju’s body. 
As Fojan forced his blades closer to his chest, Tilju desperately searched for energy sources. There was none, the breeze had not carried warm air to the area yet. In desperation he pulled a small dagger from his belt, keeping it firm in his left hand. He grabbed a hold of all the energy stored in his body, and guided it to the dagger. 
As his body froze, the energy made the air explode behind the dagger, which pushed the dagger straight up, towards Fojan’s skull. With blinding speed the blade penetrated his skull all the way through, shooting further upwards with a stream of blood following it.
The large man collapsed on top of Tilju in a series of spasms, shattering the frozen man’s body in the process. Warm blood mixed with frozen remains as both of them passed away.
The bandits on the side entrance stood confused as they saw Fojan fall to the ground. They got even more confused once they saw he wasn’t getting up.
"Is the boss dead?" One of them asked.
"I guess." Said another. 
The group grew silent, not knowing what to do.
"I wager there is more guards inside. No way those weaklings managed to kill them all. Let’s go and see if we can help lessen their burden." One of them suggested.
The others nodded, and the group headed inside.

***

Ponal forced his way through the wounded guardsmen and reached the entrance soon thereafter. He entered the mess hall, standing next to Aní, he saw Excalier getting impaled. 
The boys had a sense of disbelief, both unable and unwilling to understand Excalier getting killed. Especially Aní, who had seen just how fast and skilled the man was. 
After disbelief came anger. As Trakan let the dead body of Excalier drop to the floor, Aní was the first to rush him, sword in hand.
The freezing air stroked Aní’s chin as he swung against Trakan. The man deflected the blow with ease, not even having to use energy.
Ponal joined Aní soon after, but Trakan held them off, outclassing them both, without breaking a sweat. 
"You’re nothing but mere children." Trakan said laughingly as he pushed Aní back, and deflected a series of blows from Ponal. "Why are you even considering attacking me?"
Aní looked furiously at Trakan. "You killed both Runth and Excalier, and you dare ask why we want to kill you?!" He shouted as he swung his blade down with all his might. The blow was deflected and answered with a powerful punch to the stomach.
"Runth? I don’t recognise that name." Trakan said as he jumped back to dodge an incoming swing from Ponal.
"Inú’s River, the mercenary gang? Are you so damned evil you can’t even remember the ones you’ve killed?!" Aní shouted as he recovered from the punch, and charged against Trakan again.
Ponal joined him in the attack, and the both of them barraged Trakan with blows. 
Trakan bid his time and deflected and dodged until he found an opening in Ponal’s defence. He swung his blade down. Ponal tried to dodge, but his right shoulder got slashed, leaving a large flesh-wound. He moaned in pain, and covered the gaping wound.
"Ah yes, the giant man. He was quite skilled, I remember." Trakan said as he continued to deflect the infuriated blows from Aní. "A shame he was sent to take the eastern citizen district away from my control." He said as he plunged his fist into Aní’s face.
"What?" Aní asked, blood dripping from his mouth.
"You didn’t know? The mercenaries was guided there by a guardsman under Tilju’s command. That corrupt citizen-murderer wants nothing more than complete control over this district. I will not allow such atrocities befall the citizens." He answered.
Rage once again swelled within Aní.
"You damned idiot!" He shouted as he swung against Trakan with renewed vigour. "He was guided there so his band could sleep after a hellish journey! He wasn’t there to do anything but rest! You didn’t have to kill him!" 
Again Trakan forced his fist into Aní’s face, knocking him back. "I tire of your endless shouting." He said as he raised his sword, preparing to impale Aní. 
Before he got the chance however, Ponal rammed into him, knocking him back. "Do something!" He shouted to Aní, who recovered from the punch.
"You irritating, little shit!" Trakan said loudly as he grabbed Ponal by the chain-mail. He lifted his sword up and prepared to swing it down across Ponal’s neck.
In desperation, Aní ran towards the two. He grabbed a glass vial, and clenched it in his hands. He reached into his body and gathered up a tiny patch of energy in his back, he wouldn’t need more.
He smashed the vial into Trakan’s face before he could start the swing. The content splattered all over him. The energy flowed through Aní’s arm, and out his palm. A spark.
The liquid ignited. Trakan’s eyes showed nothing but surprise, and fear. Instead of the explosion the gas cloud had caused, the liquid became slow burning, slowly digging it’s way through Trakan’s skin.
The man screamed loudly, desperately trying to scrape the burning liquid away. When the effort failed, he tried to absorb the energy from it, thereby extinguishing it. However, the pain it caused made him unable to focus.
The liquid burned its way trough his skull, killing the man.
It seemed unreal as Trakan’s body hit the floor, the liquid still burning. Aní felt a small clog of ice in his back, where he had taken the energy. It hurt, a lot, but it was small, and the natural temperature of the body would melt it quickly. 
"Are you alright, Ponal?" Aní asked while inspecting the gaping wound on Ponal’s shoulder. 
"Don’t worry about me, I can get Hafo to fix me up." Ponal answered. He looked down on the mutilated corpse of Trakan. "Seems like we did it. We took down the man who killed Runth and Excalier. I don’t feel any better about it though, but it had to be done." 
"When did you start to sound so righteous?" Aní asked jokingly.
"Guess I’ve always been, I don’t know." Ponal muttered.
The two grew silent as they studied the corpses of Trakan and Excalier. The stench of blood from the fallen guardsmen and bandits started to fill the room. 
"I wonder how Tilju and his men are faring." Ponal said.
Not a moment later they heard steps coming from the far entrance of the room. The boys turned their heads only to see a large group of confused looking bandits enter the room.
"Oi! That’s the boss, he’s dead!" One of them shouted, pointing at Trakan.
"I bet they’re the ones who did it." Another said, looking over at the two boys standing near the centre of the room. 
The group of bandits charged the two boys. In a shock of adrenalin, Aní grabbed Ponal’s belt, containing the glass vials, and threw it straight down to the ground. "Run!" He shouted. The two boys pivoted around and dashed for the entrance containing the guardsmen, while the liquid slowly became a wall of gas behind them. 
By the time the bandits entered the gas cloud they were doomed, their lungs slowly being clogged up. Some coughed, some screamed, but they all died. 
"Was that the last of them?" A guard-commander asked as the last screams died out.
"Yes. We’re done here." Aní said, looking back at the mess hall. "You should check by the side entrance, I think that hallway over there connects to it, something might have happened to Tilju’s men." He said, pointing towards the other side of the room. "Me and Ponal has to see a friend to fix up that wound."
The guard-commander nodded.

The two boys exited the warehouse, puzzled over how they would manage the mansion without servants or Excalier. However, they had more pressing concerns, as Aní lead Ponal towards Hafo’s dock-house.
"I know Hafo has developed a liquid that can heal wounds." Ponal said as he held his hand over the wound, stopping the bleeding as well he could. "Not only that, but he’s an excellent surgeon, he’ll be able to fix me up easily."
Aní looked awkwardly at him. "You would allow a man who split open dead bodies regularly to put you to his knife? You’re either idiotically brave, or just an idiot."
Ponal did his best to laugh, his face a bit pale from blood loss. The mellow night breeze stroked their chins as they walked.
They saw a silhouette of a man further down the road. Aní gripped tightly around his sword, it could be a mugger, or worse.
As the man stepped out from the shadows, he clapped, and was revealed to be Goran, smiling wide. "Well done, both of you. Taking down an experienced and well respected energy user. Not an easy feat to achieve. Well done, lads."
"Hey Goran, you feeling better?" Aní asked as he recognised him.
"Yes, if only slightly. I see you got quite the nasty wound there, do you know anyone who can stitch it up?" Goran asked as he eyed the gashing wound on Ponal’s shoulder.
Ponal nodded. "A man named hafo, a few hundred meters down the road, a large dock-house."
Goran smiled wider. "Ah, old man Hafo. He has fixed me up on more than one occasion. From what I gather, he has gotten himself quite the nasty hobby." He looked at Aní. "Was it him you visited to learn understanding?" 
Aní nodded.
"He’s a good man." Goran said, nodding.
They walked together further down the road leading to the docks. "Goran," Aní said, "can you teach me how you fixed my body up? Surely I can use the same method on Ponal."
"Hmm." Goran said as they continued walking. "I can teach you, but you can’t use it. When you are going to apply energy with healing value to another person you need large amounts of energy available. You don’t have the range to access to such large amounts of energy yet. And what’s more, you need to change the value of the energy. When you change the value of energy, say, from heat to movement, the energy has to be transformed within your body. While doing so, the pressure on you body will increase, making you incredibly tired, and dead if not careful."
Aní nodded.
"I think I’ll teach you later, when you have access to a bit more power." Goran concluded.

The rest of the day went like planned. Aní, Ponal, and Goran arrived at Hafo’s dock house, where the almost-mad autopsist proceeded to pour odd liquids over the wound. After putting the empty vials back in place, he stitched the wound together.
After expressing their gratefulness to Hafo, they exited the dock house, and headed home.
Chapter 19
Morning after
"How’s the wound doing?" Aní asked as he walked into Ponal’s room. The birds were doing their chittering morning ritual as the morning fog slowly dispersed. Goran had spent the night at the Aniadi mansion, writing letters, probably concerning the deaths of the four energy users. 
"It’s better. I think the concoction worked very well, considering I can use my muscles again." Ponal said as he demonstrated some movements with his arm. "And the wound itself seems like it’s being protected by a healthy crust, I’ll be fine. Hafo knows how to treat a body, oddly enough."
Aní sat down in a chair, leaning forward on his knees, adapting a more calm appearance. "It feels empty without Excalier and the servants." He said. Ponal nodded slowly. "Just think about it, this whole mansion and just three people in it." He continued.
"And just yesterday there was a pile of dead bodies in the hallway." Ponal answered. "Not that empty, just damn unnecessary."
Aní looked strangely at him.
Ponal sighed. "Sorry, it’s just a lot to digest. But really, what can we do in this city without Excalier? He knew all the places, all the people. What’s more, I’m going to miss the chefs’ cooking. Now, we’re just two boys, alone and isolated in a big city."
"We have a mansion, and money. We have more than most. Let’s feel sorry about those who actually suffer instead of ourselves." Aní answered. The two grew silent.
Ponal got out of his bed. "I guess you’re right." He said as he headed for the door.
"Where are you heading off to?" Aní asked as he saw the tall, blonde boy strolled past him.
"I’m sending a letter to my father. I have to inform him about the state of the mansion." He said as he exited the room. "I would also like to commission some servants from Antor, I really can’t stand how shy the servants are around here!" He shouted as he walked downstairs.
Aní sat for a few more seconds before his restlessness got the better of him. He stood up, and walked out of the room. He headed downstairs to see to Goran, who was sitting in the wine-rack living room.

Aní entered the room, and was met with an odour that reminded him of his first encounter with Goran. A mixture between alcohol, sweat and depression. The man sat oddly in one of the chairs with two half-empty wine bottles in each hand.
"Falling back into old habits?" Aní asked as he seated himself next to the man.
"You know. I never really knew the man." Goran said, sobbing. "Might only have met him once or twice, but I liked him." He continued. "And now he’s dead."
"Who?"
"Excalier." Goran said sobbingly.
"And your solution is wine?"
"It is the same as when my wife went insane, it really is the best remedy." Goran answered as he emptied one of the bottles, putting the empty bottle on a table next to him. 
"I am so sorry. You own this mansion now, you and Ponal, this wine is yours. It would be rude of me not to offer you some." He mumbled as he went over to the wine rack and gathered two more bottles.
Normally Aní would reject the offer, his father didn’t like alcohol. But thought that if there was a time to get drunk, it was now. He accepted the bottle, and as Goran, he didn’t bother with glasses to put the wine in. 
He downed half the bottle in one go.
"Have you ever been drinking before, lad?" Goran asked as he saw half the wine gone.
"No." Aní answered.
"Oh, you’re going to be very happy, lad. Very happy indeed. And rather soon too, I think." Goran said as he laughed loudly.
Aní didn’t think much of it. The wine was good, but not as good as the fresh juices he had gotten in Antor. Nothing special.
"Have you written the letters yet?" Aní asked as Goran emptied another bottle.
"Yes. And if I understood the question correctly, yes, I was absolutely sober while writing them. Well, at least to begin with." He said chuckling. "I bet your father will rush to Kin the second he learns that you were involved in an event," he stopped to burp loudly, "that killed four energy users. I really don’t want to be near you when he comes."
Aní looked at him strangely. "Why not? He’s a kind guy. A bit obnoxious at times, yes, but so are you. You have nothing to fear."
Goran laughed. "Aní, your father nearly started a war with the grand master because he wasn’t allowed to train you. What do you think he’ll do to the one who allowed him to risk his life fighting an experienced energy user?"
Aní grew silent.
"He wouldn’t be content with just killing me, oh no, he would feed me to parasites, alive." Goran continued, smiling wide.
"I’m sure he would do no such thing." Aní said, but not as convincingly as he had wanted.
Goran started singing some old sailors tune, though the words were hard to understand. Aní decided it was time to leave the man, and see to Ponal, who was in the living room next door. He stood up and...
Things were fuzzy, like a warm pillow laid on his head, dampening his senses. So this is what it feels like. Aní thought as he tried to walk in a straight line towards the study, which he barely managed.

He opened the door and saw Ponal sitting inside, writing on a sheet of paper.
"Hey Ponal. How’s it going?" Aní asked as he stumbled his way over to a chair next to Ponal. Ponal looked up. "You have been taking lessons from Goran, it seems. And no, I’m not talking about energy use."
Aní leaned forward on his knees. "Is it really that visible?"
  Ponal chuckled. "Yes, my dear Aní, it is." He sighed. "But I guess There is a first time for everything, can I have the rest of your wine? You certainly don’t need anymore." He asked jokingly.
Aní willingly gave him the wine bottle. Ponal was a bit surprised at first. Then he did as Aní, and downed the rest of the content in one go. "Heh. The day after we defeat an energy user, we drown ourselves in wine." Ponal said chuckling. "To be honest, I wonder how it feels like. Being drunk."
Aní leaned back into his chair. "We’re not going to be drunk, at least not as much as Goran. I mean, the guy’s a wreck." 
They could still hear him singing through the door. "Good thing he’s friendly while drunk. Having a hostile, drunk energy user would be bad for one’s health." Ponal joked. Both of the boys laughed.
"So, what do we do now?" Aní asked.
Ponal finished his letter. "We wait, I guess. We have to get that guard certificate sometime, maybe we should start looking into that. In any case, we still have some time before the semester starts."
Aní nodded. "We’ll see."

A powerful knock came to the door. "Masters Aniadi and DeAntor, this is Hirdman Dojan, the commander of the western guard! Open the door!" His voice carried to every wall and room in the house.
Goran managed, somehow, to stand up from his chair and walk over to the door. He opened it. "Welcome, welcome, to this magnificent mansion, lads! May we offer you some wine?" He asked, bowing deeply.
Dojan walked past Goran, and into the building, his guards following him. "Where are the two inhabitants of this household?" He asked, though it felt more like a command.
"They should be in the study, the innermost room behind the living rooms, sir lad. Laddie, lad. Just to you left there, and then to your right." Goran said as he put another bottle to his mouth, only to realise that it was empty.
"Thank you." Dojan said as he turned to the living rooms, he gave a sign to the guards to hold. He walked with quick, determined steps towards the study. He found the boys laughing inside the study, they silenced as he entered.
"I got a disturbing report last night," he said as he sat down across the room from them, "it said that my little brother had been killed in a raid against a local bandit lair. The report also stated that you boys were at the centre of the operation. How did you get my little brother involved? It is certainly not like him to do anything benefitting mere citizens, he was above that. And to die for them, that would shame our family."
The boys looked at each other, the empty wine bottle standing on the desk between them.
"Well, good sir," Ponal said as he leaned back, "your brother accepted to be part of the operation on one single term." Dojan kept his dignified position in his chair, but obviously eager to hear the term.
"If I were to hand over my future rights to the advisor position to him, he would lend us himself and his guardsmen in the attack." Dojan raised an eyebrow. "I accepted the terms, and an alliance was struck. There is no more to it."
"So, trying to elevate his own status as an advisor. Yes, that does sound more like my brother. It would be a hassle to explain to father that he died on behalf of a few citizens." He said as he stood up. "Thank you, you have spared me a lot of valuable time." He nodded, and walked out. The boys heard him exit the mansion, closing the door after him.
"What was that about? His brother?" Aní asked.
"Yeah, seems like we have another Tilju left in this city. Do you think he is an energy user as well?" Ponal asked, turning to Aní.
Aní shook his head. "No, but if he commands the western guard, there is bound to be issues there."
Letters
Goran’s letter
To Kraken
I have done as instructed and trained the boy in basic energy use. I must say, he has as much potential as you had, maybe more. He picked up the basics faster than I would expect, and after his first successful manipulation he wasn’t even tired. He even wanted to try more! I allowed him to, and he shot a large burst of fire, using only the energy from his thighs. After this one mistake, his energy use was very accurate. He is a very impressive boy indeed.

There are, however, some unnerving news that need to be expressed. Aní and his friend, Ponal, fought Trakan. Not a training match, no, a hostile fight. Good news though, they won, so they’re both still alive. However, it came at a cost. Four energy users died in the confrontation. Fojan, Tilju, Excalier and of course Trakan are no longer alive, and I am the only remaining energy user in the area. 

Also, Ponal knows about energy use. So, along with Hafo, we have two non-potential persons in Kin that knows about energy use. However, that is something you have to make a decision on. 

I await your instructions. Regards, Goran.

Ponal’s letter
Dear father

I wish to start this letter by telling you that both me and Aní are well. The same cannot be said about the mansion and its inhabitants, however. Because a chain of unfortunate events, all the servants are dead. I am, however, certain that the guards of the city will have sent you a full report on the events, so I will refrain from mentioning the details.

I send this letter to inform you of this, but also ask that the future servants will not be from Kin, but from Antor. The servants here is uncomfortably shy, most likely from the rich population’s treatment of the citizens here. I know there is little you can do about it, but please, bring the subject up to the queen sometime.

To bring you some good news, both me and Aní has found each our subject that intrigues us a lot. For me I have taken an interest in chemicals and anatomy, knowledge that surely will be helpful in the future. Which, in turn, will ensure your investment in both me and Aní will not be in vain.

Greeting from Kin, Ponal.

Excalier’s letter
My beloved Nana

Since the moment you stepped into my inn and demanded me to make you the best ale you’ve ever tasted, I have thought you are the most beautiful woman in the world. Your scent, your colourful dresses, your laugh, I can go on forever.

Now, I am afraid I am about to do something very foolish, and if you’re reading this, I am afraid I’m either dead or gone. As a patriot to this city, I have seen the threat of Trakan and his Bloodblades. I have long wished to help in the fight against him, but have not have the opportunity to because of my obligations as a butler. Now, however, my two young masters have expressed their will to fight him, and I can do nothing to deny them my help.

But, let us not remind ourselves of what will be. Let us saviour what was. 

Ps. Thank you for giving me the servant certificate for free, I never managed to pay you back for it.

Love, Excalier.
Letter from the author
Hello
I want to congratulate you for coming to the end of this book, which must have been a struggle, give yourself a good pad on the back. 
I must say, writing it has been quite the experience. And now that we’re at the end of this book, I am free to ramble as much as I could possibly want (evil laugh), without worrying about breaking the immersion. 
I guess I can start talking about the process of writing this book, and focus especially on how it started, which I can guess will amuse most of you.
Before I can tell you the grand tale of the writing process of this book, some information about me have to be revealed. I am, at the release of this book (February 2014), an 18 year old boy studying dance in Norway. In relation to my studies I participated in a musical, during which I grew ill (oh no!).
After the musical I was physically unable to attend most of my dance classes, for a period of time. It was during this time period, while I was observing a jazz class, the idea of the Aní struck me. And so I started writing, and well, here we are.
I plan on making sequels to this book. If it will be a trilogy or more, I truly don’t know. I will write as much as possible in the coming months, and hopefully I’ll be able to produce more relatively soon.
Regards, Magnus.
