
The Blood Calls
By Raquel Dove

Copyright © 2014 Raquel Dove


Chapter One

Paris was disgusted with himself. But that didn’t stop him as he continued to watch from behind the cover of trees.  It was wrong.  It was worse than wrong. It was despicable.  But for all the power in his ageless bones, he couldn’t tear himself away. He had been on his way back to the city after closing a contract he had been chasing for nearly a month. He was planning on celebrating with the most expensive bottle of whiskey he could get his hands on and the company of two, or several, loose women, when the most peculiar aura caught his attention and drew him to a small hot spring in an unassuming park.  
Paris, the Demon Lord of the Northern territories, was not prone to interest in humans outside of business dealings, but on this chilly fall night he found himself utterly enthralled with the human woman he was watching, and for the life of him he couldn’t figure out why. Her heartbeat was easily distinguishable from the chirp of the crickets that called out in the forest surrounding the bubbling hot spring.  It was a steady, healthy beat, far too relaxed for the girl’s current state of security.  
Paris watched as her slender fingers reached for the zipper of her jean shorts, her nose planted firmly in a dog-eared book with a tattered black cover. She fumbled a little, not willing to pull away from the book, before finally catching the zipper and juggling the jeans down her slender hips with her one free hand. She shivered and finally closed the book, suddenly in a hurry to undress as she removed her thick grey sweater.
Paris felt the pressure in his pants grow as she reached back to take her hair down, giving him a glorious view of her outstretched body.  Nothing was left to his imagination, save for the things he wanted to do with said body.  
He could never have her. He knew that.  He should never even want her.  Yet, at that very moment he found himself lusting after her with every fiber of his being.  His hand reached for the steadily increasing lump in his pants, adjusting himself to accommodate the increase in size.  The simple touch brought a measure of frictional pleasure and he found his hand lingering. He paused, holding in a breath as the girl looked around her, her eyes narrowing into the darkness, as if she finally sensed the danger lurking in the night all around her.
The thick muscles of his jaw shifted as he clenched his teeth in an effort to pull himself away.  Any interest in a human should be strictly business. A demon of his stature more than knew better.  It had been ingrained in his very being for the nearly three thousand years of his life.  But here he was.  Watching this human girl with a massive hard on and a desire to do nothing short of pin her beneath him and ravage her conveniently naked body.  He would allow himself one more moment to assess what it was about this girl that had him behaving in such a disgraceful manner, and then he would force himself to leave.  
The woman was young, in her early twenties.  She had an intoxicating scent that floated about her, and served to further draw Paris’ interest.  Humans generally had a rank natural scent about them.  He had never come upon one that smelled remotely bearable, much less pleasant.
Paris could read her life’s story just by feeling her aura.  It was, at its core, the essence of the human spirit.  It carried with it all the life experiences and influences a human had ever had. It also betrayed their deepest secrets and most fervent desires, which often came in handy for Paris.  But this aura was giving him quite a bit of difficulty. It seemed to be cloaked, allowing only a sliver of intoxicating desire to escape and affect Paris, hiding its true nature
He lifted his slender nose to catch the wind as it picked up, whipping around the heavily wooded area, and carrying her scent closer to him. It swirled around him, taunting him.  The subtle notes of amber that tinted her scent only added to the mystery behind it.
The woman turned, tiptoeing quickly to the edge of the small pond, holding her chest to keep her breasts from bouncing.  Paris continued to watch, despite himself, as the delicate curve of her bottom bounced with her every step.  His entire body tensed, the heat pooling painfully in his groin.  His hand reached for his lap, once again trying to adjust himself to a more bearable position.   He wanted this creature.  He wasn’t sure why, he had never felt such an urge towards a human before.  There was just something about her. 
She was single, or at the very least had not been touched by a male for quite some time.  There was a distinct lack of another’s scent mingled with hers that typically came from humans copulating. 
 Paris felt absolutely deplorable, but he couldn’t stop himself. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from her. He had to know more about her.  If he stayed any longer, if he was caught, he would face certain death. Despite what many would believe, demons did in fact posses a conscience, it was just easier for them to suppress. Most of his kind did so on a regular basis. Paris was well versed in the practice. 
Paris was ripped back to reality by the pungent smell of another human approaching.  He inhaled the putrid scent deeply, learning all he could, reading it with the consummate skill of a Demon Lord.  It didn’t take him long to realize that his night of forbidden pleasures had just come to a screeching halt, leaving him with an impossible decision to make.  Save the girl from the certain danger coming her way, or do what he knew in his demonic heart was right and leave the human to her own devices.

Chapter Two

Zoe relaxed into the hot water, her mind occupied by the book she had to force herself to put down. She had saved for two weeks, surviving on rations of instant noodles to afford the tattered second hand copy. So far, it was not disappointing. But she had to take a break and bathe. It was getting late, and she needed to get home. 
She was thankful to have found this place. It wasn’t entirely safe. She knew that. But she was a good fighter if pushed into a corner, and she carried a palm-sized pocketknife close by her in case of emergencies. She had been coming here twice a week for months, and had never seen another soul in all that time.  
This night felt different from the moment she arrived, but she did her best to brush the feeling off. She dunked her head under the water to wet her hair, coming up with a gasping breath. Zoe turned around, only her head above water as she scoped the clustered tree line that surrounded the hot spring. Her heart picked up an extra beat or two. She couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched. Zoe pushed aside her instincts, and went about her routine, grabbing a single ratted bar of soap from her bag. It had a heavy industrial cleaner smell to it, and Zoe wasn’t entirely sure it was meant for human skin, but it was all she had. She tried to use it sparingly and only where necessary. She dug to the bottom of her bag and found her knife, tucking it under the flap of her bag, within close reach. 
She pushed away from the side, melting back against the worn-smooth boulders just beneath the water’s surface. She lolled her head back onto a protruding rock, and closed her eyes. She was going to try and enjoy this as much as possible. She wouldn’t get another hot bath for a while. The hot water felt amazing. She tried to sear the heat in her mind, as if the memory of it would keep her warm later tonight. 
She rubbed the soap in her hands, frothing up a light lather and began to wash her body. She rubbed the bobbing mounds of flesh that were teasing the surface of the water.  Her fingertips found a small round nipple and she unconsciously rolled the fleshy nub between her fingers, a sigh escaping her lips.  Her other hand trailed down her stomach, between her thighs.  
She let her thoughts wander as she explored her own body, her motions enthusiastic, as if she would discover something new, something she had never found before in all her previous explorations.  A moan echoed into the darkness, and Zoe was too far-gone in pleasure to care if anyone heard her.  It had been so long since she had felt the touch of a man that she was beginning to question her own memories. 
She released a heavy sigh as her hand stopped the gentle tick that left a rhythmic ripple in the water around her. She couldn’t continue. Her past was something she never liked to think about, especially when it crept up on her like that, in the middle of more pleasurable pursuits. She slid her eyes open and her heart stopped. A greasy, pepper haired man in a tattered pair of brown Capri pants and a dirt stained tan shirt was looking down at her with a malicious intent ingrained in his heavy brow.
“Need some help?” he said with a coarse voice.  He scratched at his stubbly chin with dirty fingers as a smile cracked his lips. The man took a cautious step closer.
“Get away from me,” Zoe said, her voice coming out softer and far more frightened than she wanted it to. Her eyes darted to the knife under her bag. The water slowed her movements and the man lurched toward the knife, attempting to intercept her. But he stopped. Or rather, he was stopped. Zoe’s mind tried to adjust to the sudden appearance of another man, one she was sure she didn’t see approach.
For a brief moment, he stood there, in proud and stark contrast to the transient.  His grey pinstripe suit was tailored impeccably to his slender physique. His black hair was styled and framed his clean-shaven face in a masculine, distinguished sort of way. He had a bored look about him, accented by brooding, dark grey eyes.  
They flicked down at Zoe for just a moment, and she could see they were different. Her brain had only a moment to register that they weren’t quite human before they shifted back onto her attacker.  A clawed hand was clutched around his throat. The man struggled, lashing out. 
Zoe snatched up her knife and hopped out of the water. Time began to move slower than her mind was working. Her movements were fluid, without even a thought between them. She clicked the blade open. Stabbed the man in the heart. He spasmed for a short moment, then went limp.
“Thank you,” Zoe said, her breathing becoming labored as her adrenaline settled. She stepped back as her savior let the lifeless body crumple to the ground. His ears were delicately pointed, and matched the tips of his blood-soaked claws.
“Do you not fear me?” he said, a perfectly groomed black brow arched in disbelief.  He took a predatory step towards her. Her pulse began to rise. But then he stopped.
He stared back at her, his emotions unreadable, but in his eyes she could see a conflict raging.  There was heat in his stare and it shuddered down her spine, settling between her legs.  She clenched her thighs, trying to suppress the desire that had suddenly taken her.  She had never felt such an intense want before. But then he disappeared, just as fast as he had come.  Zoe blinked, not entirely sure that he had ever even stood there. 

Chapter Three

“You’re late,” her boss, a stern woman in her mid-twenties, said with a scowl as Zoe hurried behind the counter of the coffee shop she had worked at since moving to the city.
“You’ve gotta stop it, girl” she said, “I need you here, when I need you here.”
“Sorry,” Zoe said, shaking her head. She thought of a million excuses, but they both knew the reason she was late. She had spent the morning finishing her book. At least she had tried to. She had read the words on the page, but none of them sank in. Her mind was too occupied with the night before. Since leaving the hot spring in a dripping cold rush she had felt eyes on her. She hadn’t been able to shake the feeling. 
“Zoe,” she heard a familiar voice shout from across the café.  She looked up to see a beautiful brunette waving excitedly at her. It was Katherine, her only friend.
Zoe wasn’t a sociable person.  And she liked it that way.  Too many friendships tended to impede on her reading.  But Kat was different, had been from the start. Making friends was second nature to Kat, and she never judged Zoe for her personal quirks, nor for her impoverished status. But most importantly, she never questioned Zoe’s past. 
Katherine rushed over with a steaming latte in one hand, dodging the small tables that littered the café. She was so beautiful that it sometimes made Zoe jealous, with her silky hair that shone in the sunlight, curled perfectly, and bounced with every step.  Her green eyes fit her light complexion and narrow face perfectly, and were always lit with her glowing optimism.  
“How’ve ya been?” Kat said, her already wide smile spreading further. “I’ve been trying to reach you.”
“Good,” Zoe said, her bedraggled appearance and tired eyes betraying her lie. 
“Bull honky,” Kat said, giving her a disapproving glare from across the counter.  “You look awful.”
“Well don’t sugar coat it,” Zoe said with a roll of her eyes as she wrapped an apron around her waist and tied the strings into a floppy bow. 
“You look like you haven’t slept in days,” Kat said, her shoulders slumped as her genuine care for her friend shone through her large eyes.  
“I haven’t been sleeping too well,” Zoe said with a shrug.  
Zoe thought about the night before. More specifically about the man that had helped her. Except he wasn’t a man, Zoe knew that. But what was he? The answer itched in the back of her mind, but she refused to scratch at it. Instead she just pushed the thought away. But the eyes remained on her, from somewhere unseen.
“Honey,” Kat said, a tilt in her neck as she shook her head, “you have to take care of yourself.  How else are you gonna find a man?”
“Preferably on someone else’s’ time,” her boss interjected as she plunked a small but heavy box on the back counter. She motioned for Zoe to open the box and stock its contents. 
“Thanks,” Zoe said, grabbing the scissors and turning to the box, “but no thanks.”
They had run through this conversation a thousand times. Kat just couldn’t seem to understand that she didn’t want to meet anyone. She was perfectly content with the way things were, and she had no desire to change anything. Kat always had a new guy, most often rich and always handsome. And that was just fine with Zoe. It suited Kat.
“Anyway,” Kat said, perking up a little. “I came to talk, you got a little time.”
“Is it really that important?” Zoe asked, gesturing to the line of customers forming behind her friend. “Can it wait till I get off?”
“No,” Kat said with a short shake of her head. 
“Fine,” Zoe said, “Just scootch over and let me get these orders.”
Zoe knew how Kat was. She wouldn’t leave Zoe alone until she heard what she had to say. Even at the risk of losing the one job that had taken a chance and hired her when she first moved to the city. 
“There was an attack,” Kat said, sliding over and letting a customer up to the counter, continuing to talk as he began to order. “in the park outside the city.  The one you go to.”
“So,” Zoe said, her answer rushed. She paused a moment to appear cool and wrote the man’s order on a tall white cup. The last thing she wanted to do was let anyone know she was involved with that.
“It’s dangerous to go there,” Kat said. Zoe could feel the argument bubbling up between them. It happened often. Kat would try to baby Zoe and she would need to be set straight. Zoe would never allow anyone to tell her what to do, ever again. This was not the first time the subject of the hot spring had come up.
“It’s dangerous to walk down the street,” Zoe said, her lips tight and her words short. 
“That could have been you!” Kat shouted, drawing the attention of the café patrons. Zoe didn’t answer. She took the order of the next customer, writing it on the cup and setting it in line with the others, waiting to be filled. 
“Whatever,” Kat said. She threw her hands helplessly into the air. “I just wish you would come stay with me.”
“I’m fine,” Zoe said shaking her head, “but thanks.”
She refused to depend on someone else. She had fought to gain the freedom she had, and she would work and earn everything that she needed. Nobody would ever control her life again.
“Fine,” Kat said. She let out a heavy sigh and shook her head. “Then will you find somewhere else to go? Please?”
“Maybe,” Zoe said, releasing her own heavy breath. She pushed away the anger she felt. It wasn’t Kat’s fault. She was only trying to help. Zoe knew that. Maybe one day she could share her past with Kat. Then her friend would understand. But today wouldn’t be that day.
“Please, Zoe,” Kat said. Her voice pleaded and Zoe felt guilty. She knew Kat was only concerned for her. “You can always come over just to shower. No questions asked.”
Zoe became once more very aware of the eyes that had been watching her all day.  She couldn’t see them, couldn’t pick them out from the crowd.  But she knew they were there.  She could feel them locked onto her.  
“Alright,” Zoe said with a sigh.  “I won’t go back there, I promise.”

Chapter Four

“Lord Paris,” Riyad said, holding his arms out for an embrace, “where have you been all week?”
Riyad was an ancient demon, but he didn’t look a day older than Paris. He was one of two Council Lords that ruled as a three part system with a Grand Elder that held supreme authority. The Council handled the day to day activities of ruling demon society, but the Grand Elder was the force behind the Council’s authority. 
Paris embraced the older demon, though he made no move to answer the question. He couldn’t answer the question. All he could think about all week was that girl. There was something different about her and he had to know what it was. He had been trailing her for the better part of the week, after following her home from the hot spring. His work had fallen by the wayside, but he certainly couldn’t tell his mentor that
“Chasing down a lucrative contract,” Jackson said in a thick southern accent, coming up beside the pair as he waved a piece of paper. “Well, I must admit, I was a little afraid he wouldn’t close on this one.”
“Nonsense,” Riyad gave Jackson barely more than a passing glance. “There isn’t a human alive that could resist Paris’ charms.”
“Nor a demon,” Jackson said, with a little flourish of his hand. Paris could feel Riyad turn even more rigid than he normally was.
The room suddenly grew cold. The air turned thick and hard to breath. Paris turned his attention to a corner in the room where a pair of figures appeared. They were Hunters. Their white-blue eyes stared, unblinking, from a mouthless face. Hunters always went in pairs. From the day they are born until their death, they remained inseparable. Sharing a single mind between them, they communicated seamlessly, without needing a word. If they were here, it meant someone was in trouble. For a split second, panic hit Paris. Had they found out what he had been doing?
“Business calls,” Riyad said to Paris with a pat on the shoulder, staunchly ignoring Jackson. There was a smirk of enjoyment on Riyad’s face, a twinkle in his eyes. “You should pop in and watch this.”
As soon as the words left his mouth, Riyad disappeared, the Hunters going with him. Paris relaxed. They weren’t here for him. Some other unfortunate soul was to be dragged before the court and found guilty of whatever infraction he had committed. Paris prepared to follow Riyad, but a hand on his elbow stopped him. He turned to look back at Jackson.
“A word before you go, Paris?” Jackson said, looking at him with a cocked brow.
“What is it?” Paris said. He already knew what Jackson was going to ask. His sudden preoccupation would not go unnoticed, and most certainly not by Jackson.
“Where have you been all week?” Jackson asked. There was an accusatory glare in his eyes that Paris didn’t like. 
“Like you said,” Paris spoke softly, his voice deep. His words carried a subtle threat not to continue. “I was closing a contract.”
“Well, see…that’s the thing,” Jackson said, shaking off the glare. He lifted the contract, his finger pointing to the date written on it. 
“You just gave this to me yesterday,” Jackson said, his voice dipping to a low whisper. “What you been doing for the last three days now, Paris?”
Paris should have known better. Jackson was thorough. Too thorough not to notice the discrepancy in the dates. But he hadn’t thought about that when he followed the girl home from the hot spring. He knew now that he should have just left without another thought towards her. But he hadn’t. His curiosity got the best of him and after watching her for a few days, he was beginning to realize he might be addicted to her.
“Celebrating,” Paris said. His voice was flat and his eyes avoided Jackson’s.
“Without me?” Jackson said, his brows twitching together. “We always celebrate together.”
Paris could hear the rising inflection in his voice. The last thing he needed at the moment was an angry business partner. He had to cover.
“I did not think you would be interested in joining me,” Paris said, a tilt in his neck. “I employed some…particular entertainment.”
“Well, that’s never stopped us before,” Jackson said, a smile creeping onto his face as he caught Paris’ meaning. He leaned back, his words growing louder. “Three full days, eh? Lucky ladies. As always, I’m envious.”
Paris gave a shrug, playing up the charade and his dominant male status. It wasn’t unusual for Paris to enjoy the services of paid company, and it was an easy lie to sell. 
“I should go,” Paris said. He had to get to the courtroom before the session began.
Jackson nodded and stepped back, giving him room to leave. He couldn’t follow Paris into the room where the proceedings were held. Only members of the royal court were allowed to attend, and the room was warded against any unauthorized entry.
“This court is now in session,” Riyad said, banging a gavel on his raised desk just as Paris appeared in the room. The demons of the court found a seat and quickly hushed themselves. Paris found his usual spot, on the front row all the way to the left. Here he had a good view of the entire courtroom. Seats like this were coveted, and although no seat was reserved, everyone knew to leave this spot for Paris. The seats next to his were often filled with eager young nobles, anxious to bend his ear. It wasn’t everyday that a demon was tried for a crime, and the courtroom was packed with nobles, excited for the chance to see the outcome.
“Bring in the defendant,” Riyad said, with his hands folded casually in front of him as he leaned away. The same Hunter pair that Paris had seen earlier appeared with an ankle chained demon between them. They dragged the bound demon up to the pulpit, barely giving him a chance to walk on his own. The unfortunate soul shook violently and tried to scream past his dirty cloth gag, shaking his head.
“Master Easton,” Riyad said, reading the demon’s calling name from the page in front of him, “You have been accused of the crime of fraternizing. It comes with a maximum penalty of death. How do you plead?”
One of the Hunters removed the tattered rag from his mouth. The demon immediately began to preach his innocence, but Riyad raised a hand to quiet him.
“That court will not take a testimony at this time,” Riyad said with boredom in his voice. “I will hear the evidence against you, and I will make a ruling accordingly. All the court wishes to know is how you plea.”
“My Lord,” a strong feminine voice rang out in the courtroom before the demon could answer. The courtiers gasped as a beautiful red haired demon made a late arrival. 
“Lady Athena,” Riyad said, leaning back in his chair with an annoyed sigh as she appeared in the room, “You wish to challenge these proceedings?”
“You know I do, your Lordship,” she said with a self-satisfied smirk and a bend at the waist.
“That is a surprise,” Riyad said, almost under his breath. “You may continue, but make it quick.”
Athena turned to the demon defendant and gave him a reassuring nod. 
“I would ask the court for a continuance,” she said. Riyad sighed heavily and Paris knew that she had already lost her case. Athena was a good advocate, just too often an advocate for the wrong side. Paris had always respected her for sticking by her own sense of moral justice, even when it went against social conventions. Riyad had little more than contempt for her. 
“That is not possible,” Riyad said. “We will continue—“
“It is the law,” Athena said, interrupting him to the shocked gasps of the courtroom. Riyad’s stare grew even colder than it naturally was. Paris grew uncomfortable for Athena. Riyad was not the demon to anger. 
“My client is entitled to a continuance under the—“
“The report I received states that your client openly engaged in interactions with a human on matters not directly pertaining to business,” Riyad said, reading off the paper on his desk.
“At this time, my client will not dispute that,” Athena said. “We only wish to postpone this hearing until both Councl Lords may be present.”
“Under the circumstances, that is not an option,” Riyad said. 
“But my Lord,” Athena said, confusion settling on her well groomed brow, “that is a right my client is entitled to.”
“Not under the current circumstances,” Riyad said. 
“Your Lordship,” Athena said, her voice rising and her her words trailing out quickly. “It cannot possibly be a fair trial without Lord Mateo—“
“Mateo is away,” Riyad said, his voice firm and angry as he banged the gavel on his desk, “and he is not scheduled to return for some time. We will deal with this matter in his absence.”
His words were bitter, and few besides Paris knew why. The Grand Elder was passing. A new one would need to be chosen and the two Council Lords were at odds as to who that should be. 
“I have heard enough,” Riyad said. “If you cannot offer a plea, then I will have to find you guilty by default. We cannot suffer even the slightest infraction of this type. Due to the heinous nature of your crimes, I have no choice but to sentence you to death, to be carried out immediately.”
Before another word could be spoken, Riyad stood. The defendant began to shriek in pain as his body expanded. Riyad’s power ripped the demon into pieces before another breath was taken, splattering the room and everyone in it with blood and chunks of flesh. The message was clear and it hit Paris more than anyone else in the room. He could never see that human girl again, and only hope that his actions would never come to light.

Chapter Five

Paris was following the girl again, in spite of every cell in his brain telling him to stop. He just couldn’t keep away from her. Her scent lingered in his nose long after he had left her, keeping her at the forefront of his mind and beckoning him back to her. There were so many questions he had, if only he could ask them. Maybe then he could finally be clear of the spell she had cast over him.
She walked down the street, oblivious to his presence. She would turn her head to look behind her every now and again, her expression tight. But she hadn’t been able to pick him out of the crowd of people on the city streets. The light of day would hide his demonic features, allowing him to mingle unnoticed amongst human society. 
Paris ducked behind a newsstand when she stopped to peruse a fruit vendor’s goods. He strained his ears to hear her as she spoke to the shop owner. She asked the price for two oranges, didn’t like the high quote, and tried to bargain him down. When the seller refused to budge on his price, she decided to take just one. 
She began to dig in her purse, shuffling through its contents, until she produced a handful of change. The shop owner rolled his eyes as she began to count out the price in nickels and dimes. She held her chin up high as she handed over the meager sum. The shop owner took the change and looked down into his palm to count it. 
Paris was almost surprised, but mostly intrigued, when he saw her hand dart out and snatch an extra orange, stuffing it into the pocket of her oversized jacket before the shop owner looked back up at her. He gave her a nod when he finished counting and watched as she took her time selecting an orange. 
There was no way Paris could stop watching her now, she had just become massively more intriguing, with the simplest of gestures. He had scented her aura, and hadn’t picked up a hint of darkness in her. In all the centuries of his life, he had never been wrong in scenting a human. He had to know how she did it. That theft, though simple and nearly harmless in the scheme of things should have tainted her aura. But as he continued to hone in on it, it was still as pure as anything he had ever felt. 
He picked up his pace, needing to get a little closer to her. He pushed through the crowd of humans on the street, his eyes concentrating on her as she made her way down the street. 
There was an old man lying on the sidewalk, just outside the café where she worked. He was half asleep and Paris could smell his stench from where he was standing. She leaned over and nudged him softly, waking him as she produced the two oranges. The man smiled, revealing a mouth populated sparsely with teeth. 
“Bless you,” Paris heard the man say as he graciously took the fruit. A passerby curled her nose in disgust as she walked past the old bum, clutching her jacket closer to her body. 
“It’s not much, but it’s all I could get,” Zoe said. The bum continued to thank her profusely as she just nodded and went into the café for work. Paris knew she would be there for a four-hour shift. He had just about memorized her work schedule, as little of it as there was. He would return then.

Chapter Six

“I know you’re there,” she said, as she spun around, trying to focus her eyes into the darkness that surrounded her.
Paris watched her, much like he had the first time he saw her, as she stood by the water’s edge.  She was looking for him, demanding that he show himself.  There was no way he could reveal his presence to her. It would surely be the death of him if anyone ever found out. 
“I know you’ve been watching me,” she called out into the night. Her voice was firm, with a forced confidence that Paris could see right through. “Come on out and face me.”
She was actually calling him out.  For just a moment, his instincts kicked in and he wanted to step out if for nothing else just to intimidate her. He pushed the urge away. It was bad enough that he had been watching her, trying to figure her out from a distance. 
“Come out and stop being such a coward,” she called again, turning about herself, trying as hard as she could to catch a glimpse of him. 
Paris couldn’t stop himself. It was as if his legs worked of their own accord. There was something about this confounding creature that had a hold over him, and he wouldn’t be able to go about his business until he figured out why. Perhaps if he questioned her directly, he could figure it out. He stepped out from the tree line, straightening his shoulders and exuding all the authority a demon of his caliber could claim. 
“Why are you following me?” she said after a moment of silence. He could hear the rapid beating of her heart, could practically taste the fear in her aura.
“Why do you behave so oddly?” Paris asked, ignoring her question.
“I asked you first,” she said, putting a hand on her hips.  
“So you did,” Paris circled around her like a predator sizing up its prey.  She whipped her head around her, following his movements. Her innocence was endearing. She was like a gazelle trying to charm a lion. 
“Why did you try to save me?” she asked. There was anger in her question that surprised Paris. His eyes narrowed on her as he stopped circling.  
“Does it really matter?” Paris asked, not wanting to face the question.
“Well, I can take care of myself,” she said. She crossed her arms over her chest. “I would appreciate it if you would leave me alone.”
“You are not afraid of me?” Paris asked. 
He had half expected her to recoil from him. Most humans found his natural form frightening, though it wasn’t much different from their own. He preferred to conduct most of his business during the day for that very reason.
“Because of what you are?” she said, her eyes following him as he once again began circling her.  “I know you can’t hurt me.”
“What makes you so sure about that?” Paris said. The fact that she was correct was not lost on Paris, but if he could help it, he wouldn’t let her know it. 
“I know what you are,” she said breathlessly. Paris admired her bravado. He could easily read the fear in her aura. He could see her nearly shaking as she stood with her shoulders rounded and facing him with the little amount of courage she could muster.
“Do you?” he said dropping his voice to a husky whisper. He was so close, he felt her shiver. He had the strangest surge of pleasure just by talking to her. He appeared just in front of her, faster than her heart could beat.
“You move so fast,” she said with a startled gasp as she tried to step back from him. Her words were so soft that Paris thought they weren’t meant to be spoken.
“You demanded my presence,” he said, his eyes focusing on hers. He was so close to her, she filled his every sense. All he wanted to do was reach out and touch her. He wanted to know if her skin felt as soft as it looked. “Now what will you do?”
“Stop following me,” she said. He could see her small fists clenched as her heart fluttered. The words and the force with which she spoke them made Paris feel oddly uncomfortable. Like a stab in his chest, though he hadn’t actually suffered a wound. 
“Make me,” he said. He continued his silent stalk, walking a tight circle around her. 
“What do you want?” she said with a frustrated stomp of her foot. 
“That is a vague question,” Paris stopped pacing and stood just before her.  He placed a hand casually in the pocket of his dress slacks and cocked his head at her. 
 “Fine,” she said, her lips pulled tight. “I want to make you an offer.”
Paris blinked, his surprise stunning him for a moment. For once in his life he didn’t know what to say.
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “You don’t want that.”
Paris had never once turned down the opportunity to make a deal. But there was more than one reason he didn’t want to make a deal with her. He wasn’t sure making the royal court aware of her presence was the best idea. 
“Yes I do,” she said firmly. “I want you to leave me alone. What will that take?”
“No,” Paris said, his words sharp enough to make her jump. “Believe me when I tell you, that is not something you want.”
“What will it take?” she said, her voice rising with a crackle. 
Paris fought with himself. Could he really make a deal with her? Something told Paris she didn’t really know what she was getting into. With a simple twist of words, he could have everything he ever wanted from her. But could he really do such a thing?
“My curiosity to be satiated,” Paris said, only half wanting the words to come out. 
“Then there it is,” she said with a confident nod. “You have a deal.”
A moment of discomfort passed between them. Zoe swallowed, taking a deep breath.
“So, how does this—“
He pulled her into his body, cutting her words off. Heat shook through Paris as his flesh finally contacted hers. His lips covered hers, and the burn intensified. Her arousal became palpable in her aura. His own desire surfaced with a fierce passion. He made no effort to hide it. She struggled against the kiss and he relented. The deal was complete. Typically a handshake was sufficient, but Paris simply couldn’t stop himself.
“You don’t know what you have done,” he said, pulling away from her with great effort. His words came out with a pant. 
Her eyes were hardened with indignation until they slid down to the noticeable bulge in his pants.  Her round cheeks heated, glowing with the most attractive rosy hue. He didn’t give her any time to recover from her discovery as he appeared behind her, his hands clamping onto her slender hips.  He leaned into her, stopping short of grinding his burning crotch against her. He knew he had already crossed a number of boundaries, and he was trying his hardest to not go insane with lust.
“My curiosity runs very deep,” he said, his voice heavy.

Chapter Seven

Zoe tried with all her might to keep from shaking. He was even more intimidating than she had remembered. When his massive hands wrapped around her hips, she had nearly lost her mind with the heat that rushed through her. She sucked in a sharp breath and tried to steel her nerves. She heard him behind her, chuckling at her reaction, and it made her anger rise. 
“What do you want with me?” she said, each word shaking as she choked it out. The fear was as gripping as the arousal. She knew what he was. It had taken her some time to work it out, but with a little research she had found the answer. She didn’t want it to be true, and she tried her best to ignore the fact that he existed. But she could feel his eyes constantly on her. Could this be her family’s doing? She pushed the thought away. Even if it was, she didn’t care. She never wanted to think about them.
The demon didn’t say anything, and his hands held her firmly in place as she tried to turn and look at him. His cheek nestled against hers as he pulled her closer to him. She felt the pressure of him poking against her backside, and her cheeks burned hotter than they already were.  Her tongue was thick in her mouth and seemed to impede an incredibly struggled swallow. 
“Zoe,” he said, drawing out every letter as he spoke, his voice a honey coated rumble.
Her chest tightened.  Her mind went blank.  The desire was numbing. 
“How do you know my name?” she asked, pulling away from his burning embrace, shaking the fog of passion that clouded her mind. She wondered if this was one of his techniques, a weapon he would use against his human victims. Zoe knew it was dangerous to enter into a deal with him. She could remember quite vividly some of the stories she grew up with. But the way she saw it, she had no other way. She had to do what she could to get rid of him. Maybe then he would stop invading her thoughts in such a lecherous way.
Zoe backed away as he stepped closer to her, a half smirk on his lips.  The taste of him still invaded her senses.  Savory with a heavy tang that exploded against her flesh and made her crave more. She forced the thoughts from her mind.  This had to be him influencing her. Feelings like this just weren’t natural, especially not for what he was. 
“I’ve been doing this a very long time, Zoe,” he said, his voice so calm and casual, as if he was not at all affected in the same way she was.  “I like to know who I’m dealing with.”
A chill ran down her spine and prickled the hair on the back of her neck. Panic began to shoot through her. Perhaps she had made a big mistake. She had taken precautions, but was it enough? Zoe began to regret coming here, and as she looked into the inhuman eyes of the being before her, she became painfully aware of how much danger she was in. 
“I want to fulfill our deal now,” she said with a heavy gulp. Breath became increasingly hard won as her heart continued to beat rapidly. 
He didn’t say anything, didn’t even flinch when the words came out. He simply continued to watch her, amusement peeking from behind his eyes. Zoe could sense that he was toying with her.
“Not just yet,” he said, finally in his baritone voice as he wagged a pointed finger at her just once. 
The blood drained from Zoe’s face, and for a moment she worried that she would pass out.  She suddenly wanted to get away, as far as she could. But that wasn’t an option for her. She had come to far now, there was no way out but forward.  
“I don’t understand,” she said, taking a step back as he advanced on her. “You have to—“
He reached out and wrapped his hand around to her backside.  He pulled her flush with his body before she had time to object. 
“It’s going to take some time to satisfy my curiosity,” he said, looking down at her with a cocky half smirk on his face. “Now is hardly the time or place.”
“Fine,” Zoe said, mustering up as much courage as she could and pushing away from him.  “But I didn’t agree to being groped.”
She held her breath as he stared her down with steaming eyes that made her knees threaten to quiver.  He could rip her throat out faster than she could blink, but all she could think about was how amazing his touch felt. She had never known anything like it.
“Very well,” he said finally, throwing his hands up in a placating gesture. 
“I want this to be over quickly,” she said, shifting her feet to stand her ground more firmly. “I have that right, I know I do.”
“Is that so?” he asked. Before Zoe could make a move she felt the hard muscles of his arms closing around her. The heat of his body burned through the layers of fabric, the only thing that separated flesh from flesh. “Where do you get your information from?”
“That’s none of your business,” she said, managing to steady her voice, but failing to get a handle on her rapid breathing. “Now honor your end of the deal.”
“Yes ma’am,” he said with a chuckle, releasing her as suddenly as he had grasped her.  The cold air rushed her body from the loss of his warmth and she had to catch herself from falling over.  

Chapter Eight

Paris had to put a little distance between himself and this intoxicating woman. His desire grew with every passing moment that he was around her.
“What’s your name?” she spoke suddenly, shocking him with such a bold question.
“You should know I won’t tell you that,” he said. 
“I figured it was worth a shot,” she said with a shrug. 
To learn the name of a demon was to control that demon.  It was something that was carefully guarded by all his kind.  And there were only two creatures in existence that had ever known his name, his mother and father.  He intended to keep it that way. 
“My calling name is Paris,” he said. 
She was fidgeting under the weight of his stare. 
His eyes trained on her lips as she chewed on one side with her dull human teeth.  His nose picked up the sudden spike in her arousal and he stepped closer to her, closing the small gap between them.  The smell mixed so deliciously with the natural note of amber in her scent.  He could feel himself stir as she sucked in a nervous breath.  
“If we aren’t going to get on with this,” she said, stiffening her neck and backing away from him, “then I have other places to be.” 
“I wouldn’t be so eager if I were you,” Paris said, letting his voice drop to a deadly whisper. He could see the little hairs standing on her arms. He could feel the way she held her breath.
 “And why is that?” she said finally, cocking her head up at him. She was trying to compete on his level.  He found it incredibly charming.  
Paris moved with his demonic speed, putting his body flush with the girls backside in less than a heartbeat, his arms closing around her to keep her in place.  He felt the surge of heat that came with the touch of her skin. 
She shuddered in his arms and released a heavy breath, but made no move to push him away.  He could tell she was trying to form words, but he cut her off with a hand on her abdomen.  She shivered again, and Paris felt his own arousal increasing. 
He ran a hand down the side of her body, slowly, enjoying her curves and the way she responded to his touch. This wasn’t exactly what he had in mind when he made the deal with her, but now that he was here, he just couldn’t stop himself. He actually ached to touch her. 
He gripped her tighter, and was satisfied when he picked up the arousal in her aura, encouraging him to continue. His hand slid around her upper thigh as he hunched over her from behind, and he began to reach up the loose floral skirt she had on.  He could feel his own heartbeat picking up, in time with Zoe’s already rapid pulse.  Her fingers wrap around his wrist, offering a meager resistance to his approach. She held him in place for just a moment, before releasing her grip. He couldn’t keep the smirk off his lips.
Her skin was so soft and warm.  Her scent was tinted with the musky overtone of her arousal.  He felt himself harden intensely, his excitement rising even higher as she responded by pushing her bottom up against him. A breathy sigh left her lips.
Then Paris felt the call.  It pulled gently on the back of his mind.  He wanted more than anything in the world to ignore it, but he knew he could not.  He had to leave the girl now or the gentle pull would become an excruciating yank.  
A soft whimper echoed in her throat as he paused, making it even harder for him to leave her.  Unfortunately, the call was binding to all his kind, and no one dared ignore it. Not even a demon lord as powerful as he. 
“That is enough for tonight,” Paris said, his voice husky as he pulled and stood in front of her. He was pleased to see the small pout that formed on her lips. 
Paris reached into his blazer pocket, pulling out a rolled up piece of paper.  He held one end tightly, and let the other roll open.  It fell to the ground and tumbled to her feet.  She watched with wide eyes as the blank scroll of paper lit up with letters of fire, and words burned themselves into the paper.  
“It is my obligation to provide you with a copy of our contract,” he said.
With a jerk of his wrist the paper rolled back up onto itself.  He held the scroll out to her, and she snatched it from him. 
Paris wanted so badly to taste her again. The desire clouded his judgment. The call pulled more insistently, but he ignored it. His hand reached up to feel the skin of her rose tinted cheek with the back of his fingers.  He grabbed onto her hip with his other hand and pulled her closer, his lips capturing hers in a heated frenzy.  
 “I will be seeing you soon, Zoe,” he said, tearing his lips from hers before he disappeared.

Chapter Nine

“We’ve been waiting for you,” Riyad said as Paris entered, his thick arms crossed over his chest. It had taken Paris longer than he had hoped to let Zoe’s influence on him dissipate, and as a result, he was late for the call. He was sure it would not go unnoticed.
The expansive room of the royal meeting hall was packed full with the Royal Court, and by the looks of things they had been waiting for quite some time. Paris knew immediately this wasn’t a usual calling. There was tension in the air and it put him on edge. 
“What is happening?” Paris said, noticing the unspoken divide in the room. The typically buzzing Royal Court was silent, waiting with uncertainty in their eyes. 
“Mateo is returning,” Riyad said, his lip curling in disgust as he spoke the name, “with the Grand Elder.”
“They have an announcement,” Jackson said, coming up beside Paris. Riyad bristled noticeably on his approach.
“An order,” Riyad said, “made without me.”
Paris, and every other demon in the room knew what that meant. A new Grand Elder was to be chosen. It was a decision that required two of the three demons that ruled, in any combination. There was nothing else that this could be. 
Riyad clenched his fists and swallowed. No one else would ever know it, but Paris knew how nervous Riyad was. He had been driving for the position his whole life. He was a born leader. Paris knew it, and the entire court knew it. He was going to be announced as the new Grand Elder, which meant Paris would become the next Council Lord. The thought somehow didn’t excite him quite as much as it had before. Zoe had him so distracted, he couldn’t think of anything else.  
“Paris,” Jackson said, in the lingering silence of thought,  “a word while we wait?”
Paris looked back at his friend, Jackson.  His golden hair was gelled and slicked backwards on his head, his face freshly shaved, as usual, into a tidy goatee, dressed in his usual crisp white cotton suit. Paris hated the color of it, thought it much too attention grabbing, but Jackson rarely wore anything else. He nodded and the two made a casual huddle off to the side.
“Now, you know I don’t like to get involved in your personal business, ” Jackson said, his eyes narrowing in on Paris as he spoke, “but I must admit to being more than a little concerned here.”
“Why is that?” Paris asked, pretending to be oblivious to the silent accusation.
“You haven’t been around all week,” Jackson said, his lips pulling tight, his accent somehow growing stronger. “Is there something going on that I need to know about?”
“No,” Paris said flatly. He could see Jackson about to protest his answer and decided to cut him off. “I’ve been working on something.”
“Another big contract?” Jackson said, his eyes lighting up. Paris almost felt guilty. 
“Perhaps,” Paris said, deciding it better to lead him on and do damage control down the line than to reveal the truth. 
“I hope so,” Jackson said, his voice dipping low, “ ’cause you haven’t closed a deal all week. Now, that just ain’t like you, Paris.”
Paris had a new contract. He just wasn’t going to turn it in. He couldn’t risk such a thing, even though it was incredibly lucrative. If he turned it in, Zoe would forever be registered on the Royal court dockets. It would only be a matter of time before another agent approached her and would likely discover what Paris had been up to. The thought made Paris shift uncomfortably. 
The air in the room thickened. Paris could see Riyad’s eyes locked on a single spot not too far from them, and he knew who was coming. Paris could feel his aura before he had even entered the room. It had been many decades since the Grand Elder had appeared before his court, but Paris still remembered the feeling of his presence. 
Salem, the daughter and only child of the Grand Elder, entered the room first. She was much as Paris remembered her. A large demoness, with rolls of fat cascading down her back and a belly that protruded almost comically. Her hair was dull and lifeless, hanging down in oily strings. Her face, distorted, jutting out in some places and crunched in others. She was a mess to look at and her personality wasn’t much better, growing up as the Grand Elders only child had spoiled her quite rotten. Paris had to fight the urge to recoil from the sight of her.
Her father wasn’t far behind her, standing next to her as proud as a father in his position could be. He wasn’t much better to look at, but Paris always had tremendous respect for him. The Grand Elder was old now, a hunched shell of a man standing on wobbly knees. He was older than any of them could remember and he looked like it too. His daughter helped him to sit down on his throne, her pudgy fingers wrapped around his shriveled arm. Mateo was absent, and his presence could not be felt approaching. Paris looked to Riyad and they shared a glance of concern.
“My Lords—“ the Grand Elder spoke, his voice strong, but interrupted with a cough, “and Ladies.”  
“The time has come,” the Grand Elder continued, his milky eyes scanned the room as if they could actually see. “I must choose my successor and depart from you.”
His words were spoken slowly, each one labored. He turned to his daughter with as much of a smile as he could muster and he nodded his head.  She returned his affections with a giggle, her sparkling eyes turning to Paris. The room turned hot.
“It was always my hope,” the Grand Elder said. “that I could pass the throne to my son, as my father did for me, and his father for him.”
He paused, swallowing and recollecting his energy to speak. He dabbed at his wrinkled lips with a white cotton handkerchief. 
“However,” he continued after a moment, “fate blessed me with a daughter instead.”
“Father,” Salem said, shifting from one swollen foot to the other, her words hushed and short, “tell them already.”
“Lord Mateo has proposed a most splendid solution,” the Grand Elder said, waving off his daughter’s enthusiasm. “I will take a son in law, and he will inherit my throne, and all the power that comes with it.”
Paris felt his pulse rise slightly. He blinked a couple times and swallowed the lump that had lodged itself in his throat. He could see where this was headed, and it was nowhere he wanted to be. He took a deep breath and flexed his knuckles.
“My princess,” the Grand Elder said, looking up at his daughter with a weakened smile, “choose your mate.”
“I choose,” Salem said, drawing out her words in a high-pitched whine as her eyes landed on Paris, “Lord Paris.”

Chapter Ten

Zoe paced the small amount of floor space in her darkened apartment. Candles were littered throughout the room, giving enough light to keep from stubbing her toes.  She pulled the pile of blankets she had wrapped around her shoulders closer to her body. She couldn’t wait for the chill of deep winter to be gone. Running a hand over her greasy blonde curls reminded her that she was in desperate need of a bath, but she refused to return to the hot spring.  She should have listened to her friend.  She never should have gone back. 
Her fingers dabbed at her lips recalling the plush feel of his against hers.  All she could think about was that kiss.  The way his lips felt against hers, so firm and demanding.  She thought she knew what she was doing, thought she could handle a contract with him, but she was wrong.  Her cheeks burned as she recalled the way he tasted, hot and tangy against her taste buds. The way his presence left her knees weak.  The way her name sounded in his honeyed baritone of a voice.  She could lie to anyone else, but she couldn’t lie to herself.  She wanted more of him. 
 It had been a couple of days since she last saw him, and since she had made the contract.  The feeling of eyes on her back disappeared, but was replaced with an even more unsettling feeling of dread. 
She sat at the foot of her bed, picking up the closest book she could find from the many that littered her room. She just had to stop thinking about him. He would come soon enough, and perhaps then she would be able to rid herself of him.
Her eyes scanned the first sentence of the story.  Then they scanned it again. Zoe read the sentence two more times before grunting in frustration and tossing the book away.  There was no use. Her mind was so occupied with him that she couldn’t even read. 
Zoe began to pace again. But her footsteps stopped when the air in the room became harder to breath. Her skin tingled, and she knew without looking that he was standing behind her. She turned around slowly. Her heart thumped faster. 
Her eyes met a broad chest covered in a crisp, white collared shirt, and a dark grey suit coat. She noticed a small insignia on the lapel, a winged horse with an arrow in its mouth.  The same insignia was on every other suit that he wore.  It took her a moment to lift her eyes upward, and when she did, she was greeted with a cocky smirk on fleshy lips. His grey eyes shimmered as he looked down at her.
“Hello Zoe,” Paris said. His voice was deep and heavy. Zoe’s stomach burned at the way he made her name sound. She swallowed the tension that had gathered in her throat and licked her lips, preparing to speak. 
“How did you get in here,” she said, releasing a heavy breath she forgot she was holding. 
“Zoe,” he said her name again. She took a wary step backward but he stalked closer to her, his voice dripping out low and dangerous. Every nerve tingled with the excitement of being close to him, in spite of her constant efforts to stop it.
“I can always find you now,” he said, stopping just a few inches from her. He cocked his head as he looked down at her. His hand reached up slowly, and Zoe steeled her nerves to keep from jumping in fright. Time seemed to freeze as she waited in anticipation to see what he would do. The sharp tips of his claws ghosted by her cheek as he brushed back an errant strand of hair.
“I never told you where I lived,” she managed to choke out.
“You didn’t have to Zoe,” he said, his words playing over her name as if he was taunting her.  “You should read your contract.  There is a clause that allows me to locate you anytime I like.”
“I tried to read it,” Zoe said, snapping out of her haze of desire for just a moment. She stomped across the candlelit room, past a couple piles of books, to a small table with a drawer. Yanking it open, she pulled out the scroll that Paris had given her. 
“It’s in French,” she said, waving it at him.  
“Is that so?” he said, feigning ignorance that didn’t fool Zoe in the slightest. He snatched up the contract from her hand and opened it with a flick of his wrist.  Zoe could tell he had a familiarity with the object by the ease with which he handled it. She wondered if he did this sort of thing a lot. If he had many other humans that owed him some sort of debt. 
“My apologies,” he said, without the slightest hint of regret as he rerolled the contract and handed it back to Zoe. 
She supposed the teeny and prolific amount of words on the paper was enough to deter any other client. But Zoe was different, and he knew that.  She happily devoured every word she could get her hands on, and would have that contract digested within an hour. Obviously there was something in it that he didn’t want her to read. Zoe wondered what he was gaming at. Why had he picked her to stalk? There wasn’t anything so special or curious about her. Zoe could see him looking around her apartment and she became painfully conscious of how inadequate her apartment was. 
“There is no electricity to this place,” he said simply, as if he was making a technical assessment. His brow was furrowed and his eyes were harsh as he glared back at her, expecting an answer.  Zoe fidgeted under his gaze. It was hard enough trying to live without power, but having to face the abject embarrassment of admitting it was even worse.  It was even more embarrassing having to admit it to Paris. 
“I make do,” Zoe said, holding her chin up high. She spoke as loud as she could muster, but it still came out as barely a whisper of a defense. “Why did you come here?”
Zoe saw the slight but distinct shift in Paris’ expression from a happy gleam of predatory joy to a faint but undeniable trace of compassion. It took her completely off guard and made his sudden movements even more jarring. He stood in front of her, with barely a splinter of air between their bodies. His hand nestled itself possessively on her hip, heat from the contact burning through the layers of clothing between them. The breath caught in her throat as he pulled her gently, but insistently closer to him, melding their bodies together. His grey eyes twinkled in the flickering candle flames that lit the room as he looked down at her. 
 “You are different,” Paris said, his voice softened and his breath floated over her lips. “I simply could not let you go.”

Chapter Eleven

Zoe had anticipated a kiss that never came. The demon taunted and teased her, playing on her every emotional peak and dip. Then, much like he had the last time, he disappeared as quickly as he came, leaving her hot and terribly unsatisfied. Zoe fell asleep with the singular thought that she had gotten in way over her head. 
A musical chirping woke her, and it took her sleep-hazed brain a moment to realize her cell phone was ringing. She pulled herself out of bed and willed her heavy limbs in motion to find the device. It was Kat. She clicked the little green button on her embarrassingly large cell phone and held it to her ear. 
“Get dressed,” she heard her friends voice saying before she even had a chance to utter a syllable of greeting, “and put down whatever book you’re reading. I’ve got reservations.”
“Kat,” Zoe said, trying to push out the sleep from her voice, “now really isn’t a good time…”
“Have you eaten yet?” Kat asked, ignoring the disinterest in Zoe’s words. 
“No, I just woke up,” Zoe said, plopping back down on the bed. She was so exhausted. She just wanted to go back to sleep.
“Good,” Kat said, leaving no room for argument, “get dressed. I’ve been trying to get a table at this restaurant for months. It’s my treat, so get up, get dressed, and get your butt downtown.”
The other line clicked and Zoe sighed as she tossed the phone onto the bed. It landed with a soft plop in the ratted, lightly stained feather comforter. She glanced at her watch. It was already afternoon. She had slept away the morning. She stayed up so late the night before, wondering with anticipation if Paris would come back. 
Pushing off the bed with a grunt she quickly dressed and made her way to the downtown area to meet up with Kat. Her friend was always coming up with some new thing for them to try, or store to go shopping in, or hip new restaurant to try out. 
Kat couldn’t be a more different a person than Zoe. She wondered sometimes how they were even friends. If it weren’t for Kat’s persistence, they would never actually hang out together. Not that Zoe didn’t enjoy her company. She was just usually so distracted with books that she didn’t even think to call her only friend in the world.  
Kat was on the phone as Zoe got off at the usual subway stop of their meeting station. She was pacing the entrance in her designer shoes and a form fitting couture day dress. Her friend’s clothing was once a source of quiet envy for Zoe. She knew she could never afford things like that. 
“Finally,” Kat nearly yelled, stomping one foot in exaggeration, “We almost missed the reservation.”
Kat didn’t wait for an excuse, wrapping her arm in Zoe’s and pulling her quickly down the street. They had a couple blocks of walking that provided the perfect amount of time for the two to catch up on the details of the week. Zoe couldn’t keep the blush from her cheeks when she thought about what had really been occupying her time. Luckily, the heat went unnoticed by her friend who was all too excited to begin sharing about her week. 
They were almost to the restaurant when Zoe saw it. It was a small thing, only about the size of a penny, in the window of a store. The insignia immediately triggered a rush of heat that stopped her dead in her tracks. Her head snapped around, just knowing that she would see him somewhere. His suits, every single one of them had that insignia. This must be where he shopped. 
“What’s wrong?” Kat asked, looking back at her with a mixture of concern and confusion.
“I…nothing,” Zoe said, shaking her head. She tried to suppress the heat that burned on her cheeks, the tension that had seized her body, but Kat had already seen it.
“So you met someone?” Kat said, an excited smile spreading across her face. “That’s where you’ve been all week.”
“Well, it’s not really like that,” she said, shaking her head again. She realized for the first time that she didn’t really know what it was like. Thoughts of him brought a knot of anxiety in her stomach that was both thrilling and terrifying at the same time. Her mind wanted to run away from him. But her body was aching for his touch.
“I know that look, and it is so clearly like that,” Kat said. Her eyes followed Zoe’s frozen glare towards the shop before she could tear them away. 
“Recognize something?” Kat said, looking back towards her with wiggling eyebrows. “I never would have thought you would go for the type to shop at that store.  My father shops there.”
“It’s really not like that,” Zoe said, her voice desperate. She needed to get off this subject and luckily she had the perfect thing to distract her friend’s line of thought. “Aren’t we going to be late to our reservation?”
“Forget the reservation,” Kat said, as a very unsettling smirk spread across her face. “Zoe has a secret lover.”
“No,” Zoe said, almost shouting in panic as she looked around the bustling uptown street. She just knew Paris was lurking somewhere, watching, listening. He would use this against her the next time he decided to show himself. She had thought a million times how she should have never gone back to that hot spring. She should have listened to Kat. Now she was risking bringing Kat into the same trouble she was in.
“I just—“ Zoe pulled Kat closer to her, dropping her voice in case he was in the vicinity, “I don’t know if he feels the same way.”
It wasn’t entirely a lie. His actions were so mixed. She couldn’t figure him out. He kissed her one moment, only to taunt her the next. But she wasn’t really falling in love with him. How could she? He was something so deadly that the mere thought of what he was capable of made the hairs prickle on the back of her neck. 
“I’ll tell you all about it,” Zoe said, pulling a little closer to Kat, “why don’t you go ahead and get our reservation? I’ll be right behind. I wanna check on something.”
“Ok,” Kat said with short sigh, “but I want to hear all about it.”
“Of course,” Zoe said, faking a smile. 
Kat turned on her heels and headed toward the restaurant. Zoe’s attention turned back to the store. She just had to go inside and look. Somehow she just knew she was going to find him there. The same heaviness that hung around was hovering around the store. He had to be in there.
She could feel her palms begin to sweat as she got closer to the store. Her heart began to race in her chest and she could feel the nervous sweat collecting in her armpits in spite of the chilly weather. She shook out her fingers before she reached for the frameless glass doors to the swanky men’s store. It swung open easily and a rush of musky room perfume tickled her nose. 
Zoe had never felt more out of place.  Her torn jeans and worn out black long sleeve top contrasted with the fine clothing that surrounded her.  She picked up the price tag on a plain white, men’s dress shirt, turning it over to read the price.  She had to count the zeros in the number before she gently set the tag back down and backed away from the table of obscenely priced shirts. 
“Handpicked Egyptian cotton,” a drawn out voice said from behind her.  She whirled around, barely able to contain a gasp.  Intense blue eyes met her from behind a handsome face with a well-trimmed goatee.  
“In the height of summer,” the man continued with a southern drawl, “by the gentle fingers of the Chuwatee tribe children.  I find it gives the cotton an added softness.” 
“You look lost,” he said, glancing down his slender nose at her shabby wardrobe. 
“I…um,” Zoe pulled at the edge of her shirt and smoothed the front of her jeans.  She had momentarily forgotten why she had come in here in the first place.  His presence was overwhelming. “I’m looking for someone, actually.  A customer of yours maybe…”
“Is that so?” the man, dressed in a crisp-pressed white suit, said.  His smile broadened, making Zoe more uncomfortable.
 “Tall, dark, and handsome?” he said, his brows rising in assumed correctness.  “Very sneaky?”
“That’s sounds a lot like him,” Zoe said. She tried to clear her throat but it was too dry.
 “I see this a lot, unfortunately,” the man said, turning away from her.  He walked to the checkout counter, grabbing a business card from behind the desk.  “I should apologize for my associate’s lack of manners.  He can be…elusive at times.”
“Your associate?” Zoe said with a shaky voice. 
“Partner, to be more precise,” the man said, gesturing to the store.  He held the card out for Zoe to take.  “Just say the words on the back, he’ll come.”
Zoe reached for the card with a shaky hand. The air in her lungs had just become heavier. Did this man know what Paris really was? 
“I should warn you,” the man said, pulling the card back a little, “he has been awfully busy with his new fiancé. I’m not sure he would appreciate any…distractions at the moment.”
His last words dipped lower, the smile faded from his face. Zoe knew in that very moment he was a demon. And he was giving her a clear warning. It was all she could do to snatch the card from his hand and walk quickly out of the store with a tiny semblance of composure. 

Chapter Twelve

Zoe paced her apartment, her eyes reading over the short sentence on the back of the card. She stopped by the window, holding the card up to it, inspecting it in the sunlight, as if she would find some new little piece of information she hadn’t found in the last three hours of looking at it. She had come directly home after leaving the store. She could expect Kat to be calling her soon, demanding an explanation. But she would deal with her friend later, after she had dealt with this demon. She had been trying to say the words for a solid hour, but the thought of him standing before her made her stomach tumble and her constitution waver. It was now or never. She glanced around her apartment, checking all the preparations she had made. Everything was in place, she hoped. All she needed was to summon him.
The words of the man in the store had haunted her all the way home. He had a fiancé. He was engaged. Zoe questioned even more what he wanted with her. He had kissed her. Did that mean nothing? Was he just toying with her? Her heart had lodged itself in her throat thinking about it. It didn’t really matter. She knew what she had to do.
Finally, she was ready.  She adjusted her shirt, wishing she had something that flattered her figure more. Her heart pumped quickly, but she did her best to ignore it as she took a steady breath and parted her lips to speak the sentence on the card. But before any words came out, she heard a loud click. She felt the subtle but unmistakable feeling of electricity surrounding her. Artificial light flooded her tiny apartment and she heard the air conditioner kick on. The last time she had the power on it was the height of summer.
Zoe set the card down on the table and walked over to the thermostat, moving it into the heat position. She didn’t even need to think about it too long before she realized what had happened. He was responsible for this. 

#

It was hard for Paris to decide if he was happy or not when he felt her summoning him.  He couldn’t deny that he wanted to see her again. Had wanted to see her again since the very second he had left her.  It would also give him a reason to get away from Salem, who had clung to him like a barnacle since the moment their mating was ordered by the Grand Elder. 
“My dear,” he said, cutting into Salem’s rambling.  He forced himself to act disappointed.  “I’m afraid business calls me away.”
“No,” she said, puffing her already fat lips into a pout.  “I want to talk more about our mating ceremony.  And I want to pick a cake today.  I want to buy a new dress for the engagement party, and…”
“My princess,” Paris said, forcing back utter disgust, “you know I cannot ignore the call.”
“Fine,” she said with a heavy sigh as she dropped his hand.  “But come back quickly.”
“As fast as I can,” Paris said, flashing a handsome smirk before disappearing. He could only hope she would not decide to follow him. It was not considered good form to do such a thing, but Salem never had good form.

#

“Why isn’t this working?” Zoe said as she waved the bundle of burning herbs in the air.  “I followed the directions.”
She stuck her nose in the small book that she had found this ritual in.  She scanned the pages, confirming that she hadn’t forgotten anything.  A scowl formed on her face.  She had followed it word for word.
“Damn it,” she huffed, dropping the book down on the table. She looked up and into the eyes of Paris.
“You have to give me a moment,” he said with a smirk on his lips.  “I was on the other side of the city.”
Zoe instantly noticed something was different about him.  A subtle difference.  His ears were no longer gently pointed, but rounded instead.  His fingers were no longer tipped with deadly claws, and his eyes, though still intense, had shifted.  He looked entirely human.  She was so busy gawking at him in surprise that she almost forgot to close the trap she had laid out for him.  She quickly scooped the book back up, and began reading as best as she could from the Latin that was written on the page. 
“You really are an intriguing little thing,” he said, interrupting her mid-sentence.  She shrugged off his comment and tried to continue. If she listened to him, she knew he could talk his way out of this. She only had one chance to turn the tables on him and she had to get it right.
“You’re wasting your time,” he said. 
Zoe ignored him. She had to continue. The words were so difficult to pronounce but she struggled through them. She quickly turned the page and read the last three words, glancing up at him when she had finished. He stared back at her with amusement in his eyes and her heart sank.
“It won’t work on me,” he said, snatching the book out of her hands. His eyes scanned the symbols that had taken all afternoon to inscribe on her ceiling and floor. They where supposed to contain him, to cage him to that spot until she could finish speaking the words of the spell to bind him forever, to enslave him to her.
“Zoe,” he said, taking a step toward her, “You didn’t really think you could bind me, did you?”
“I…um…” Zoe tried to back away from his approaching steps but she ran into the edge of the desk and had to stop. He continued his approach, leaving barely a space between them. She sucked in a sharp breath.  Her eyes searched his face with apprehension, waiting for his next move.
“Such crude preparations won’t contain a demon of my class,” he said, his voice hushed and husky. She could see him hesitate for a moment, his eyes locked on her lips. A softer look overcame him, one that Zoe had seen before.  He lifted a hand, running the pad of his thumb over her bottom lip, as he leaned in towards her. She waited for the kiss that lingered between them. She leaned into it, anticipating his lips on hers.
“You’re engaged,” she said, snapping them both out of the haze of their attraction.  He dropped his hand to his side, pulling back from her with disappointment in his eyes. 
“What is this?” a nasally voice said behind Zoe. The sound made her cringe before she even turned to see the hideous creature that had issued it. “Is this the business you left me for?”
“My Princess,” Paris said, his demeanor shifting quite suddenly to a most charming façade.  “This is my newest client.  I was just telling her about you.”

Chapter Thirteen

“She is trying to bind you,” Salem said, her eyes growing large as she saw the room filled with the various ritual elements.  The putrid smell that poured from her mouth as she spoke made Paris want to recoil. This was bad, very, very bad. 
“She’s your fiancé?” Zoe asked, disbelief in her eyes as she looked back and forth between Paris and Salem.  A short yelping laugh came from the slender girl and Paris wanted to roll his eyes in irritation. 
“How dare you insult me,” Salem said, her tiny eyes popping with rage. She stomped her fat foot against the dingy carpet, looking at Paris with a finger pointing at Zoe.  “Don’t just stand there. Take her into custody.”
“Darling,” Paris said, tucking a crispy lock of brown hair behind Salem’s unshapely ear, trying to calm the rage he could see bubbling inside her. He had to persuade her without drawing too much suspicion to his motives. “She is a new client. That is not a good way to conduct business.”
“Not a good way?” Salem hissed, her unkempt brows pulled down over eyes.  “I don’t care about business. I want her.”
“Hey,” Zoe said, crossing her arms. “I’m standing right here and no one is taking…”
“Shut up, human,” Paris interrupted her before she said too much. He could see the hurt in her eyes, and it pained him in such an odd way. As if his heart was being constricted in his chest. But Paris knew he had to be forceful. 
“Unfortunately,” Paris said, thinking of the only defense he could, “I have not turned in the contract yet. Technically—“
“Technically,” Salem cut his words short, “She owes you her eternal life. You have a contract don’t you? Turning it in is merely a formality.”
The entire situation was getting rapidly out of hand. Paris couldn’t keep defending her like this. Salem would figure out something wasn’t right if the argument kept up. He had to take Zoe into custody, if only to shut Salem up.  
“If it will make you happy,” Paris said flashing his most charming grin.  “Why don’t you return?  I will take care of this business.”

“Give me her contract,” Salem said, her voice dipping lower, “I will turn it in.”
Paris was stuck, and he had but a moment to think it through. Giving Salem the contract, turning it in would doom Zoe to a life of registry with the court, something no human truly wanted. But refusing such a simple thing would bring unwanted scrutiny upon himself. There was only one thing he could do. He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a copy of their contract. Salem quickly snatched it from his hand.
“I believe the sun will set soon, my dear,” Paris said, with a glance at his watch, “didn’t you want to pick out a cake for the party?”
“Oh yes,” Salem said.  Her eyes grew wide with her excitement, the mention of cake overshadowing her victory. She licked her puffy lips.  “I’m going to pick out a big one.”
“Anything you like, dear” Paris said, forcing a smile.  
Salem disappeared from the room and his smile dropped as he looked down at Zoe. She looked back at him, her face pale and her jaw clamped tight. Paris could feel the fear overwhelming her every emotion. He found it odd how much he did not like it. 
“What just happened?” she spoke finally, her words soft and shaky.
“Just do what I tell you to,” Paris said. He tried to soften his voice, but he wasn’t very practiced in the art of condolences.  He could smell the saltiness of her tears, on the edge of spilling. “I will fix this.”
“How can I trust you?” Zoe said. Her tears began to flow.  “You have done everything you can to trick me, since the very moment I met you.  All I wanted was to be left alone.”
Paris was completely at a loss.  He was used to hearing humans cry.  Most of the humans he did business with tried to use it for sympathy at some point.  It usually had no effect on him, but he found Zoe’s tears to be especially discomforting.  He wasn’t quite sure why, but he just wanted her to stop.  Not because he found the sound or smell irritating, which was usually the case, but because he just didn’t want her to cry.  He didn’t want to hear or smell her crying.
“I made a mistake,” Paris said.  It was a phrase he never uttered, mostly because it never happened.  But he hoped it would calm Zoe, at least enough to stop her crying. “I will fix this.  And I will leave you alone.”
His last words were surprisingly painful to say.  There was still so much he wanted from her.  So much he wanted to finish.  He wanted to taste more than just her soft lips.  He wanted to feel more than just a gentle touch.  He wanted to do the one thing that was most forbidden to his kind.  He wanted it with every fiber of his being.  Before she could shed one more tear, he was beside her.  He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her into his chest.   
“Stop crying,” he said, his voice little more than a husky whisper. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you.”

Chapter Fourteen

“Do you love her?” Zoe asked. She wiped at her eyes. 
“Do not be ridiculous,” Paris said with a scoff. He removed his arm from around her but remained close. He didn’t say anything else, and Zoe didn’t know what to say.
“Why are you marrying her?” Zoe asked. The question came out with a hint of jealousy that she couldn’t hide. She didn’t even expect him to answer. 
“I have to,” Paris said.  He didn’t elaborate any further, and Zoe knew that pressing him wouldn’t get any further explanation.  
“Why did you kiss me?” she asked, regretting the words as soon as they left her mouth. But she just had to know. She had to know if this was all just some silly game to him, or if he felt the same burning desires that she did. 
“Because I wanted to,” he was as still as a stone, only the muscles of his jaw twitched with the tension he placed on them. His eyes looked away from her, staring off into nothing. 
“But…” Zoe tried to force the words out, to ask the question she really wanted an answer to, but the fear in her throat blocked them. 
“I don’t know,” he said, his voice firm and rising angrily. “I want you. Incomprehensibly, I just…want you.”
Zoe sighed, her shoulders relaxing noticeably. She instantly felt better. Just knowing that the feelings were mutual made things better. His arms wrapped around her and she moved easily into his embrace.
“Enough talking,” Paris said. “We have to go now.”
“Where are we going?” Zoe asked, looking up at him.
“Just be quiet,” he said.  
Zoe felt a nauseating pull, her stomach turned as her entire body was yanked in one direction. When her mind adjusted, she realized they were no longer in her apartment. The expansive new surroundings contrasted sharply with the cramped quarters in her one room apartment. 
“Where are we?” Zoe asked, stepping back from Paris and turning herself around to take it all in. 
“This is my home. You will be safe here until I return,” Paris said. 
“Where are you going?” she asked, whipping her head back around to look at him.
“Just stay here, and try not to do anything stupid,” he said, disappearing before she had time to argue.

#

Zoe had never been so bored in all her life. Paris’ apartment was massive, but devoid of anything a normal human would find comfortable. She had explored five rooms so far, each one more barren than the last. He had not a single book, nor magazine, not even a piddley little newspaper to read. She had tried sitting on the couch, but it was more comfortable to simply stand. There was no warmth, no comfort in his home. It felt sterile and she found that to be the worst thing of all. 
Her stomach growled as she headed to the kitchen, finding little more than a bottle of scotch and two glasses. Not a scrap of food otherwise. As the minutes ticked into hours she began to worry. 
Things had gone so differently than she had planned. She was a formality away from being eternally indentured to a demon she happened to have an intense attraction to. But it was so much more than that. She had been confronted with a reality she had run from for the better part of her life. Now, there was no more running. She had to face the fact that her mother had been right. All those years growing up, listening to stories about the dark creatures that lurked in the night. She thought her mom was just crazy.  It was something she never imagined herself thinking, but now she wished she had listened to her more often. 

Chapter Fifteen

It was nearing dusk and Paris had to hurry on his way through the uptown section of the city, towards the store. If he knew Salem at all, she would have already handed off the contract to Jackson, who would waste no time preparing the necessary documents and filing it with the court. He had to find a way to stop him, or at least stall the inevitable until he could think of a way to explain himself.
“Your Majesty,” Jackson said, with a mocking grin and an exaggerated bow as he saw Paris enter the shop.
“I am not in the mood,” Paris said, a warning clear in his tone. 
“Your lovely fiancé stopped by just moments ago,” Jackson said, ignoring the threat with a wry smile on his face. “I must admit to being rather jealous of her.”
“She gave you a contract,” Paris said.  “Unfortunately, it was a bit premature.”
“Really?” Jackson said, his eyebrows shooting up his forehead “Why, Paris that’s not like you.”
Paris couldn’t tell if his friend’s surprise was honest or feigned. Jackson had been confronting him all week. He would need to be very careful about what he said.
“I have been distracted,” Paris said, with a shrug. “Taking a mate was not something I intended to do.”
For a moment, they stood frozen in their spots. Looking back at each other, sizing each other up. The seconds ticked by, their eyes locked in a silent battle. Finally, Jackson began to crack a smile. His eyes moved and he nodded his head.
“Of course you have,” Jackson said, turning slightly to reach behind the check counter. He pulled out the contract. “I’ll have a look over it. Make sure everything is in order before I turn it in.”
“I will make the necessary corrections,” Paris said, biting back the urge to growl at him. “The terms were stated incorrectly.”
“Oh, I see,” Jackson said with a short nod and a half smile. He looked down at the contract in his hands as if he was pondering whether to hand it over or not. Finally, he looked up at Paris and held the contract out to him with a full smile.
Paris reached for it, thankful that he was able to convince his partner that everything was business as usual. If he could just get his hands on that contract, he could buy himself enough time to destroy any evidence that there was more than just business between him and Zoe. 
“Just one more thing,” Jackson said, pulling the contract back just before Paris could touch it. “I had the most peculiar woman come into the store the other day. Said she was a client of yours.”
Paris clenched his jaw and tried not to give himself away. He knew immediately who it was, and why Jackson was bringing it up. He had already looked over the contract, and knew who the signee was. 
“I thought it was so odd at the time,” Jackson said, continuing to talk as he took a step away from Paris, holding the contract protectively to his chest. “I had never heard her name before, and you hadn’t turned in any recent contracts.”
“So?” Paris said, his voice remaining flat even though he knew exactly where this was going.  He knew when the girl summoned him that she must have found Jackson.  It happened all the time.  It was the suit.  He knew they were unique, and of the highest quality.  That’s why he wore them, and sold them.  But it was an inconvenience that it seemed to help people find him more often than he wanted.  And Jackson was far too loose lipped about his personal information.  
“She was a rather intriguing creature,” Jackson said, a twinkle in his blue eyes.  “And her reaction at the mention of you was…so odd.”
“Get to the point,” Paris said, trying to remain calm, prepared for the accusation that he knew was about to come. 
  “I hate to ask, Paris,” Jackson said, “but you know I have to. Is this more than just a contract?”
“That’s a ridiculous question,” Paris said, his eyes narrowing.
“And you are avoiding the answer,” Jackson said. He stared intently back at Paris, his jaw tight and raised in defiance, as if he was a toddler scolding a parent. 
“Because it is an absurd assumption,” Paris said. 
“You better make sure of that,” Jackson said. “The last thing I would want is for the Hunters to be called after you.”
“That’s not going to happen,” Paris said.
“Good,” Jackson said, “Than if you don’t mind, I think I’ll make the corrections to the contract before I turn it in. With all your distractions lately, I would hate to have you overlook something important.”

Chapter Sixteen

Jackson’s words stuck in Paris’ head. The Hunters. They would be called after him if his true relationship with Zoe ever came to light. As much as he didn’t want to give her up, he knew that he couldn’t keep her. Not as a client, and most certainly not as a servant. He would be far too tempted to do things that would lead to a most painful death for himself. 
He made it to his apartment just after sunset, transporting the last few blocks home so as not to be seen on the streets in his true form. He had a bulging grocery bag in each hand. Unsure of what Zoe liked to eat, he picked up an assortment of things from the store. 
She had her back turned to him when he entered the apartment.  Looking out the floor to ceiling windows that made up one wall of his living room, she watched as the stars began to peek out of the blue black darkness of the night sky. He didn’t want to move, didn’t want to disturb her just yet. Her slender yet shapely silhouette was breathtaking, and he wanted to cherish the last few moments he had with her. 
He had made a decision. It wasn’t going to be the life he thought he would have. It wasn’t the life he had worked for. But he had no choice now. Once Salem was out of the picture, releasing Zoe wouldn’t be too much trouble, and barely likely to bring much unwanted attention. He moved his hand, rustling the plastic grocery bag slightly and alerting her to his presence. She turned around with a startled jump, sucking in a sharp breath when she saw him. 
“I don’t think I will ever get use to that,” she said, “It’s not fair that you can just appear out of nowhere.”
“I was unsure what you would prefer to eat,” Paris said, holding the bags a little higher, “I know your kind is fond of eating.”
A relieved expression overcame her and she rushed to take one of the bags from him, rifling through it with moans and grunts of hunger. She took the other bag and did the same, opening a box and digging in to the food.
“I’m so hungry,” she said, with her mouth full. It was a touching display of sincerity. “How can you not have any food in this place?”
“Demons do not require food,” he said, sitting down next to her at the kitchen bar. He watched her with interest, soaking up every flickering emotion and innocent reaction while he still could. 
“Don’t you watch tv? Read a book? Play a game?” she said, pushing all the food in her mouth to one cheek for room to speak. “Have any fun at all?”
“Human frivolities do not entertain us,” he said. He wished he could give her more. But he had already gone too far with her. He needed to stop himself before he got into trouble he wouldn’t be able to get out of. 
“So what do demons do for fun?” she asked, showing genuine interest and curiosity in her wide eyes. The way she was looking back at him so expectantly stuck him straight in the chest. 
“You don’t want to know,” Paris said. He was being truthful. Most humans would recoil at the bloodthirsty reality of demonic entertainment. 
“Earlier,” Zoe said, clearing her mouth of food, “in my apartment, you looked different.”
She made a motion to point at his ears. It wasn’t very often that humans saw him in his real form. People weren’t likely to sign a contract with a demon that actually looked like a demon. The human appearance came in handy for gaining trust. He, like most demons, tried to hide his true form. But it was different with Zoe. Of course, it was different with Zoe. Everything was different with her. 
“The darkness brings out our true form,” Paris said. He watched Zoe as her mind thought about that for a moment. She popped another piece of food in her mouth and began chewing on it.
“That man in the store,” she said, between bites, “he was a demon too?”
“Yes,” Paris said. 
“I knew that,” she said. “I don’t really know how I knew, but I knew.”
“That is rare gift,” Paris said. “Most humans are incapable of feeling our presence.”
It had been a long time since he had met a human with the ability to sense the demonic energy that drifted in the air around his kind. At this point, it didn’t really surprise him that Zoe could sense it. Everything about her seemed to be a mystery to him.
 “Thank you,” Zoe said after a thick swallow, “for the food.”
Humans thanked Paris all the time. He did, after all, grant their most base desires. But he had never, in all that time, recieved such a sincere expression of gratitude. Nor had it made him feel as truly happy as hers had. 
“You are very welcome, Zoe,” Paris said, his voice low. He slid off the bar stool he was sitting on and, with Zoe’s eyes trained on him, he began to walk towards his bedroom, loosening his tie. He pulled it over his head and tossed it carelessly onto the back of the couch. 
He removed his suit jacket, and began to unbutton his white collared shirt. He couldn’t hide the smile from his face when his nose picked up the smell of Zoe’s arousal as the shirt slid off his shoulders. He worked hard to keep his body in peak physical condition, and he had yet to find a female that was left unsatisfied by the mere sight of it. 
He gazed over his shoulder, catching her slightly slack jawed stare. The tip of her tongue trailed out over her dried lips as her eyes scanned his physique. Her arousal intensified. His chest swelled with pride. 
Paris was already risking a painful death for what he had done with Zoe. He may as well make it worth his while. 
“Are you coming?” he said, raising a brow suggestively. 

Chapter Seventeen

“Come…coming?” she said, her words stuttering as her eyes perused his half naked body. The heat in her stomach burned deeper. 
“It’s time for bed,” he said. Her knees knocked at the way the words rolled off his tongue. It was hard for her to breath. There was so much meaning behind those words that was not lost on Zoe.
“Yeah, about that,” she said, clearing her throat. It took every ounce of willpower she had to tear her eyes away from his body. “I noticed you only have one bed in all these rooms.”
“I don’t require more than one,” he said, turning fully away from her. He continued to walk toward the bedroom. Zoe looked at the couch. Just the sight of it made her shift uncomfortably. She may as well sleep on the floor.
“Where am I supposed to sleep?” She called after him, hopping off the stool and shuffling over to follow him into the bedroom.
“I believe there is enough room in the bed for both of us,” Paris said, as he motioned to the king size bed that took up half the room. 
“That’s not going to work for me,” Zoe said with a nervous chuckle. 
Paris didn’t respond. He reached for his zipper, his eyes hooded and locked on her. She swallowed and clenched her jaw tight. He slid the zipper slowly down, unhooked the button that held the pants to his hips. The light material of his dress slacks fell to the floor with a tiny shove. He stood before her, completely unabashed, in black silk boxers that fit him so well, and gestured for her to get in the bed. Her cheeks burned and her mouth felt like a desert. 
“I promise I’ll be good,” he said. It made her skin so hot, she was sure it would melt right off her bones. She fought for a breath. She was a little afraid that if she actually allowed herself to explore him, she would die from pure pleasure. 
“I highly doubt that,” Zoe said, composing herself. She crossed her arms over her chest and tried to quell her body’s desires. 
“There is nowhere else for you to sleep,” he said, pulling back the sleek black comforter that covered the bed. He slid easily into the black cotton sheets, leaning back against the pillow with a hand behind his head and his eyes sliding closed. Zoe knew what he was doing. But he was right. There really was nowhere else to sleep. She wondered if he planned things to go like this. At this point, she wouldn’t put it past him. 
Her body wanted to run into his embrace, and go right along with all the sinful things he wanted to do to her. She would try to resist his charms as long as she could, but at some point she would collapse under the weight of his prowess and submit to her own desires. There was only a very small part of her that was maintaining resistance. 
“I suggest you get some sleep,” Paris said, his eyes remaining closed. He didn’t move again for a while. Zoe just stood at the side of the bed, thinking through her next moves. She could try to sleep on the floor, but in all honesty next to him in the bed was exactly where she wanted to be. It was getting late, her eyes were heavy, and her constitution was weak. 
Zoe pulled the edges of her faded black top over her head, her eyes glued to Paris, looking for any sign that he was asleep already, or still awake. Her jeans quickly followed her shirt, landing in a pile on the thick carpet. She pulled back the covers on the bed and slipped under them as unnoticeably as possible. 
She curled into herself as comfortably as she could. Her body burned to a fever pitch, just knowing that he was laying so close to her, both their bodies nearly naked. The beat of her own heart filled her ears as she clenched her eyes shut. She knew it was so wrong to want him like she did, but she just couldn’t stop her body from reacting to him. If she could just fall asleep quick enough, maybe he wouldn’t try to temp her. 
An eternity seemed to pass in an instant. She waited for him to move, to speak, to do something. But he didn’t. Her heart began to slow. Her nerves stilled and the burn in her stomach subsided as sleep began to take her. As the beginnings of a dream formed in her mind, she felt the bed shifting and was snapped back to reality. 

Chapter Eighteen

Paris felt her body tense as he reached for her. He stopped short of touching her, and watched her turned back for a moment, waiting to see if she would turn around to look at him. It was late. It had been a long day. But Paris had one thing he wanted to do before he let sleep take him. 
“No goodnight kiss?” he asked. She didn’t respond, didn’t move. He could hear her heart beat picking up. 
“I know you are awake, Zoe,” he said. He wanted so badly for her to turn around and look at him. He wanted to hold her for one last sin-filled night. 
“You terrify me,” she said, with a huff echoing her words. She rolled onto her back and looked at him with wide, innocent eyes. 
“I’m supposed to,” Paris said. The sad reality of his words sunk in. For the first time in his life, he regretted the way things were. He regretted his very existence, if only for the simple fact that it would keep Zoe away from him. 
“Then why do you make me feel like this?” she said. Her beautifully shaped, full brows scrunched together as she looked to him for an answer. 
“I don’t know why I even care,” Paris said. He shouldn’t care. Not about her. Not about any human. 
He could see her eyes focused on his lips. He could feel her arousal floating around her aura. It didn’t take any further encouragement. He leaned in, his arm scooping around the other side of her and pulling her in to his body. The pleasure of her bare flesh against his was intoxicating. She shuddered in his arms as their lips met. He deepened the kiss and her body began to relax against his.
“There is some unfinished business between us,” he said, pulling himself away from her lips.  His hand ran down her body. Her skin was soft. He found himself lingering on her curves. 
Zoe didn’t say anything in response, but her lips were parted as if she wanted to speak. Paris couldn’t suffer the moment away from her lips long enough to let her. 
His hand crept down her stomach, taught and lightly toned, curling under the elastic of the simple white underwear she wore. He felt himself harden considerably in anticipation of removing them. He had wanted to do this for so long, had spent what seemed like a century’s worth of nights dreaming about having her in the bed next to him, trying to deny his feelings for her. Now she was so willfully compliant and he had to hold himself back, or he was afraid he would hurt her. His fingers invaded her panties, and she began to tense. He broke away from the kiss.
“You’re already so wet,” he said in a mumble, unable to keep the prideful smirk from his face. She tried to hide her red tinted cheeks in his chest, but he wouldn’t have it. He wanted to see every reaction that flashed on her beautiful face. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, shaking her head and looking away from him. He pulled back, confused at the sudden shift in her aura. She was no longer enjoying herself. He sat up a little straighter, hovering over her to get her to look back at him.
“Do not be ashamed,” he said, confused as to what shifted her mood so quickly. Paris was not a demon to brag, but he had never had a dissatisfied female. 
“Zoe,” he said, when she refused to respond. She was stuck, still as a stone in his arms. The arousal was completely gone from her aura. Paris, for once in his life was at a struggle to ask the question he needed to know the answer to. 
“What is the matter?” Paris asked. His eyes searched her body for any sign of injury. He pushed back his desires. He had only just begun with her, and it was already over.  
“I just…” he could see her struggling with the words she wanted to say. He sat back, giving her some time to think of her next words. 
“I haven’t had the best experience with men, is all,” she said finally. Paris wanted nothing more than to change all of that. And he knew he could. But the moment had passed. He wasn’t sure if he would ever get the chance again.
“We should sleep now,” he said, laying back on the bed and closing his eyes. He waited to fall asleep until he heard Zoe’s rapid pulse calm and he knew slumber had finally taken her. 

Chapter Nineteen

Zoe came out of the bathroom, rubbing her hair dry with a plush terry bath towel. It felt good to finally have a real shower. She found Paris sitting on the edge of his bed. He had made it while she was enjoying her shower. 
“I have to go,” he said, looking entirely human.
“For how long?” Zoe asked. Her stomach churned every time she glanced into his eyes. The night before had been in her thoughts all morning. She didn’t know how to tell him the way he made her feel, and more importantly she didn’t know what she should do with those feelings. 
“Through the day and most of the night,” Paris said, standing. He was dressed in his usual finery, a three-piece suit with a well pressed, button down white shirt. His tie was bold but understated, and he had simple gold cuff links that barely peaked out of his jacket cuffs. 
There were so many things Zoe wanted to say to him, things she wanted to tell him about her. But she couldn’t get up the nerve to voice them. She didn’t know if he truly even cared, or if this was all just a game to him. He was too hard to read. He walked passed her, out of the bedroom and towards the front door of his apartment without another word. She followed after him, her mind trying to think of something to say, something to keep him there for just a moment longer. 
“By the way,” he said, stopping suddenly and turning to check his tie in the mirror. He pointed to the other side of the room. “I believe you will find something to entertain you in there.”
No sooner than he had finished speaking, he disappeared. Zoe looked in the direction he had pointed, finding a door she didn’t remember seeing the day before. She hesitated for a moment, unsure of what she might find behind that door. The events of the night before once again lurched forward in her mind. She wanted to cringe. He had stopped so suddenly. It was her fault. And the worst of it was that she didn’t want him to stop, but she just couldn’t tell him that. 
Zoe had never given the life she left behind a second thought. She had escaped it, and that was all she needed to know. At least that’s what she thought before she met Paris. She was so close to telling him. The words were on the cusp of spilling from her lips when he seemed to lose all interest. Zoe shook the thoughts out of her head. The past was the past, and this door was right in front of her with an entire day of nothing else to do. She turned the doorknob and pulled it open, walking into the room, her heart soaring when her eyes landed on its contents.
She walked slowly through the room, her eyes rushing to take in the row upon row of bookshelves that lined the walls of the room. He had them arranged by categories, with an etched silver plaque on each shelf to indicate what was where. She noticed that he had utilized his very own Dewey Decimal system, and each book was individually etched with a number to indicate its place on the shelf. 
All the classics were there, as well as many current bestselling books.  There were books in every category of non-fiction imaginable, all meticulously arranged on rows of bookshelves that lined the center of the room. She walked through the space, marveling at the sheer number of books, wondering how many of them he had read.  His private collection would rival most libraries Zoe had been to.  
Even though it was a room full of books, it still didn’t feel inviting to Zoe. It was as sterile and as devoid of any warmth as the rest of his apartment. In the middle of the room sat a reading table, with a single chair, and a lamp on it. A book was prominently displayed on the table, encased in glass with a small golden lock on the lid, holding it closed securely.  The cover was well-worn black leather, with gold embossed letters on the front that read ‘The Contract’. 
Zoe knew exactly what it was. The pages called to her, from beyond its glass cage, asking her to turn them. There were thousands of books in his library. Many of them were ones that Zoe wanted to read. But not another thought went to them as she picked up the small brass lamp. 
She smashed through the glass and pried the heavy tome free. It felt warm in her hands, as if it had a life of its own. Her fingers ran over the title on the front cover. Her fingers felt at the edge of the pages. This was not a book she, or any human, was ever meant to read. Zoe flipped open the top cover, sat down at the desk, and began to devour every single inked word on the yellowed pages. 

Chapter Twenty

It was a typical royal party. The kind that Paris always wanted to avoid. The nobility of his kind shuffled about, talking amongst themselves, bragging on their latest conquests. Salem clung to his arm like a hideous leech, leading him around and presenting him as a trophy to the members of the royal court.
“Well,” Jackson said, as they came around to him. “Look at the happy couple.”
Jackson was standing next to Athena. She flashed Paris a look, her fire red eyes dancing. They stole a moment of understanding, before avoiding each other’s gaze lest they give away their plan.
“Thank you,” Salem said with a happy chirp when her eyes landed on Jackson. “Perhaps when my mate is Grand Elder, he will make you a Lord.”
“If his future Highness would oblige me such a thing,” Jackson said, giving Paris a nod, a wry smirk on his lips that unsettled him, “I would be a most honored demon.”
Something in his tone walked the line between mocking and seriousness. His eyes lingered on Paris as if he wanted to say something else. 
“I hate to be a wet blanket,” Athena said, her eyes shifting onto Salem with ferocity, “but Lord Paris is not your mate just yet.”
Salem’s face fell, and Paris could see her cheeks turn bright red as she tried to maintain her composure. The two demonesses were often at odds. Athena was not born into the royal court. She had earned her way into royalty. Not through a marriage, or familial connection, but through her own hard work, talent, and merit. Some in the court, such as Salem, would never accept her, but she was not a demoness to be taken lightly, even for the Grand Elder’s daughter. One of the council members usually stepped in to put an end to the squabbling before things got too out of hand. But tonight they wouldn’t. Paris had made sure of that. He wanted to be the next Grand Elder as much as any demon, but things wouldn’t work out that way. Not after what he had done with Zoe. He could only hope he could keep that matter quiet until he could hide any evidence of their contract. 
“Oh darling,” Athena said with condescension in her voice. She adjusted the white elbow length gloves that accented her red evening gown perfectly. “You don’t want to lose a fight with me on your mating night.”
She added an extra layer of cynicism to the last words. The short chuckle that followed served to further infuriate Salem. Her nose scrunched and she began to fume. She was trying to think of something to say, but her anger was clouding her. Paris had seen this escalation a thousand times. He was, for once, thankful for her predictability. She was close to rage, as they had planned. Athena only needed to push her a little further. 
“Don’t you dare challenge my mating,” Salem said, letting her aura spread a little, fighting against Athena’s as she prepared for an all out attack. 
“Now, now, you two,” Jackson said, stepping between the two and grabbing Salem by the hands to get her attention. “Tonight is not the night for such petty arguments. Just forget about her. You look beautiful.”
Paris wanted to scream at Jackson. He wanted to punch him in the face, but he settled on staring daggers at him, hoping he would look at Paris and get the message. Salem’s anger began to wane. She let out a heavy puff and then forced a smile at Jackson. Paris and Athena shared a worried glance. 
“That’s right,” Salem said, calming down with Jackson’s influence. 
“Let’s talk about your mate’s newest conquests,” Jackson said, his words spoken deliberately as he shifted his eyes onto Paris. “Paris has had a busy week, hasn’t he?”
“Oh, that’s right,” Salem said, her shit brown eyes twinkling with excitement. “Stupid little human got herself bound to him.”
“I saw that noted on the contract,” Jackson said, “very lucrative for him.”
 “Well,” Salem said, coifing up her hair, “she is a rather unique human, I will admit. And she’s young. He can get quite a few years out of her. Perhaps I will have him put her to work on the streets, where she belongs.”
Paris straightened his shoulders and tried not to look too uncomfortable with the conversation. He could feel Athena’s eyes on him, demanding that he look at her, give her some sort of explanation. There was a very good reason he had left Zoe out of their conversation the night before when he asked Athena to intervene in the mating ceremony. It was easy enough for Paris to convince her to invoke her right to challenge Salem to mate him. He knew Athena always had a covetous eye on him, most of the royal court did. If he told her there were complications that included a human girl, she wouldn’t have been so anxious to fight against Salem.
“Why,” Jackson said, turning to Paris, his intent obvious in the smile on his face, “Wouldn’t it be fun to bring her here? We could spice this party up.”
“That is a good idea,” Salem said, her thick shoulders perking up with the tone of her voice. Paris could do nothing but watch as a train wreck began to unfurl around him.
“I want you to go get her,” Salem said, turning to look at Paris. She dropped Jackson’s hands and stomped into his face. He looked down at her and wanted to hurl. He couldn’t bring Zoe here. She would never get out alive. And he likely wouldn’t either. 
“My dear,” Paris said, flashing his best smile as he tried to suppress his rage at Jackson, “I don’t think that would be wise. This place is not meant for hu—“
“I don’t care,” Salem said, interrupting him “Bring her here. I’m going to check on father. I want her here when I come back.”
Salem didn’t allow Paris to make any further argument as she disappeared from the royal meeting hall. He had to comply. She held a higher title than him, at least for the time being. He had to give her what she wanted, even if it was unprecedented and ill advised. 
 “I told you,” Jackson said, leaning into Paris so only he could hear, “not to let this human interfere with our business.”
“She has not,” Paris said, barely able to keep himself from shaking. His jaw was clenched tightly as he spoke. His eyes burned into Jackson’s.
“Not one contract, Paris,” Jackson said, ignoring the threat emanating from Paris.  “Not one. All week.”
“This is none of your concern,” Paris said, struggling to keep his voice low. The last thing he needed was for the rest of the royal court to get their nosey ears involved in this conversation. 
“But I’m afraid it is,” Jackson said. “Now try to look happy, this is your mating party.”
Paris could see it in Jackson’s eyes. He knew everything. It wasn’t like Paris to be so careless, but Zoe had him too consumed to think about anything else. He was taking risks that were so unlike him and now he would have to pay for them. Jackson was right about one thing. Zoe had affected him. 
“You don’t know what you have done,” Paris said, forcing his temper under control.
“Oh, I think I do,” Jackson said, turning away from Paris. “You’ll thank me for this one day.”

Chapter Twenty One

“This is a very informative book,” Zoe said, a smirk on her face, as she looked up at Paris. She found a puzzled stare looking back at her. 
“You are able to read from those pages?” Paris asked, his brows heavily furrowed.  His question was firm, but still held kindness that Zoe could tell he was trying very hard to maintain.
“Of course I can,” Zoe said, with a shrug as she looked back down at the words on the page.  “Why wouldn’t I?”
“Much like your contract,” Paris said, “It is warded for only privileged eyes to see.”
Paris reached down and took the book from her hands, closing it and setting it on the little table in his personal library. He hid his feelings well, but Zoe could see trouble behind his eyes. 
“I wasn’t expecting you back so soon,” she said, worry seizing her.
“She is demanding your presence,” Paris said.
“Who?” Zoe asked. Paris continued to wear a blank expression, his eyes shifted downward. Zoe knew who he was talking about, he didn’t want to say her name any more than Zoe wanted to hear it. 
“You’re in trouble,” Zoe said, “because of me.”
Paris’ eyes flicked to the book. There were so many things Zoe hadn’t known before. In just the span of a couple hours she had learned so much about the rules and laws that bound Paris and all of his kind. She was painfully aware that what they had been doing was forbidden. 
“I am in trouble because of myself,” Paris said. He turned away from her and began to leave the library. 
 “I think I can help,” Zoe said, getting up to follow him out.
“No,” he said, his voice sharp and echoing around the books as he stopped and turned to look at her. “I will think of a way to fix this. It is best if you forget everything you have just read.”
“Yeah,” Zoe said, a short laugh catching in her throat. “Like that’s going to happen.”
“This is not a game,” Paris said, his anger barely contained. His voice shook through Zoe. She was stunned to silence. His shoulders were squared to her, his fists clenched. She opened her mouth to say something but he wouldn’t let her. 
“They will hunt us both down,” Paris said, his words were spoken with less ferocity but they carried the same weight. Again she tried to open her mouth to speak, her eyes beginning to sting at his harshness, but Paris moved faster than her eyes could follow. He stood over her with his eyes narrowed down at her, their bodies almost touching. She could feel the soft warmth of his breath ghosting over her lips. He was so close. Zoe shuddered. 
“Do not underestimate the brutality of my kind,” he said, his words spoken chillingly casual. “I’m afraid I have been far too kind to you.”
He stepped back, and Zoe felt like melting into a shivering puddle on the floor. She suddenly became very aware of every cell in her body and how it tingled in fear and desire at the proximity of Paris. Her mouth was so dry. She tried to swallow but her tongue sat thickly in her mouth. The trouble she was in suddenly hit her full force and it took everything she had to keep herself standing upright. 
“What do I do?” Zoe said, her words shaky as she tried to muster up her courage.
 “This will not be easy,” Paris said, after a pause. His words were reluctant. 
“I never said I thought that,” Zoe said, straightening her shoulders. She knew she would be going into a world populated by demons, all of them as intense as Paris. No, this would certainly not be easy. But she would do it. 
“You’re going to need to change,” Paris said, as he looked her up and down.
“Change?” Zoe said, her eyebrows scrunching together.  “Into what?”
 “There is a dress in the bedroom.  I believe it will fit you,” Paris said
Zoe’s cheeks burned red hot as his eyes roamed her curves, devouring every dip and swell.  He pulled in his bottom lip, biting it lightly.  She thought for sure she was going to faint.  She took a deep breath, pushing away the tingle that instantly burned, deep in her stomach. 
 “I’ll go try it on,” Zoe said, unable to look at him any longer. “But please stop looking at me like that.”

#

The breath stuck in Paris’ throat as Zoe emerged from the bedroom, holding the front of the strapless gown to her body. It fit her even better than he had imagined, and he couldn’t stop his desire from rising.  The deep blue color of the satin fabric played perfectly off the color of her skin and accented her curves as it hugged its way down her body. A slit in one side made it easy for her to walk and stopped just above her knee. She was stunning. 
“I can’t reach the zipper,” she said softly as she pointed over her shoulder. 
“Come here,” he said.  She complied, shuffling awkwardly over to him. The dress dipped lower in the back and as she brushed her hair aside with her free hand, Paris got a full view of her back. He had never been so aroused by such a simple display of flesh. He wanted to wrap his hands around her hips and pull her closer, delay their return to the party for a little longer, but he knew he couldn’t do that. He willed his fingers to zip the dress and do nothing else.
“Paris,” she said, a question in her eyes as she turned her head to look back at him for an answer. He waited for her to speak, but no question followed. 
There was no way he could sufficiently prepare her for this.  Demon society was difficult for even Paris to navigate.  One slip up and they would eat her alive.  They were ruthless, cunning, and had centuries of experience. 
“Just keep quiet and do as you are told,” Paris said. He placed his hands on her shoulders, the heat of her skin nearly burning his fingertips. “With some luck, we may both survive this.”

Chapter Twenty Two

“What do you make of this situation?” Athena said, saddling up to Jackson. If anyone knew what Paris was thinking, it would be him. She could never understand why Paris kept him around. Athena had a gift of sensing character, and he had always rubbed her the wrong way.
“We should have some entertainment for the evening,” Jackson said with a prideful smirk.
“You’re up to something,” Athena said, getting right to the point. “And it would be wise to stop now.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about, my dear Athena,” Jackson said, his eyes shifting momentarily to the Hunter demons that stood on one end of the meeting hall. Athena knew what he was trying to tell her. Any time the Hunters were involved, it meant a grave treason had been committed. 
“What did you do this time?” Athena said, her voice lowered but still sharp with disapproval. Paris was once again covering Jackson’s ass. It happened at least once in a century. 
“Not me,” Jackson said. He shrugged, his brows arched high on his forehead. Athena could see him struggling to hide a smile. She was even more off put than usual by the self-satisfaction radiating from him. When Paris came to her the day before, proposing a deal, she didn’t question it very much. She had quietly wanted Paris for the better part of a century, but had assumed he would not be mating anytime soon. 
Demon mating rituals were a complicated and highly regarded process. It could be challenged at any point in time by a rival mate, and proven by the physical prowess of victory in a fight. Even the Grand Elder was forced to uphold the decision made by their combat. Athena had been itching to be rid of Salem for ages, and Paris was the most eligible bachelor in the court. She could legally kill Salem and mate Paris, all in one night. But now, there were complications. 
“Come with me,” Athena said, grabbing onto Jackson’s shoulder before he could stop her. No sooner than she had said the words, they disappeared from the meeting hall. 
Jackson pulled away, but it was too late for him. He could not escape from her, no matter how hard he tried. Athena’s magic was old, and it was strong.
“There is a barrier,” she said, “so don’t even try to run.”
“I wasn’t planning to,” Jackson said with a sneer as he straightened his clothes a little. He was such a child, and Athena hated him more in that moment than she ever had. 
“Tell me what has happened,” Athena said. 
“It would appear our dear Paris has acquired a taste for human. And not in the dietary sense,” Jackson said, regaining his confidence.
Athena didn’t know what to say. She didn’t know what to think. Her mind was working overtime, trying to reconcile this information. Was it true? Or was Jackson just making a fuss about nothing, trying to pull one over on her? 
“She really is something special, I’ll give him that,” Jackson said in the silence of her shock. “Wait until you feel her aura. Like nothing I’ve ever felt.”
“I don’t believe you,” Athena said finally regaining her voice. It was a ridiculous accusation. Paris of all demons was above such heinous crimes. She just couldn’t believe it.
“Why don’t you see for yourself?” Jackson said. “I’m sure Paris will have returned with her by now.”
If Jackson was right, the implications of this were enormous. If she had known what Paris was doing, she would have turned him away as soon as he showed up on her doorstep. Or better, she would have turned him over to the Hunters. Just knowing this information now, and not reporting it would make her an accomplice. He held out his hand expectantly to her. It was time to get back to the party. Any longer and their absence would be questioned. Athena took his hand and in an instant they were back in the meeting hall. 
Athena felt it immediately. The aura was indeed something special. There was such innocence, but it was marred by a hidden pain and tinted heavily with power the likes of which Athena was very familiar with. There, in the middle of a room full of demons, was the human, and she instantly knew that Jackson’s accusations were correct.
She had to speak with Paris immediately. This was no ordinary human. Athena had crossed her kind when she was a young, rouge demoness. It had been many centuries, but she would never forget the feeling of that particular kind of aura. Athena knew she had to get this human out of here as quickly and as quietly as possible. 

Chapter Twenty Three

The room was incredible. It was longer than it was wide, with ceilings that hung far above. Mirrors lined the walls, creating the illusion that the room went on forever. Massive chandeliers of sparkling crystal dangled above the sea of demons, all staring curiously back at Zoe. Every one of them was draped in rich fabric and jewels that only served to make her feel even more uncomfortable and out of place. 
“Where am I?” she asked, her eyes shifted up to Paris. Her heart was pounding against her ribcage, drowning out most of the sounds in the room. She tried to focus on Paris, hoping he would not abandon her. 
“The Palace of the Grand Elder,” Paris said, his eyes had taken on a chilly edge that made Zoe feel so alone. 
“You should feel honored, human,” a familiar southern drawl called out to Zoe. She turned around to see the blonde haired demon she had met once before.
“I don’t believe we have been properly introduced,” the demon said, holding out his manicured hand for her to grab. “Zoe, is it?”
His demeanor had shifted. She could see something gleaming behind his eyes, a quiet anger, or maybe something else. Zoe just stared at his hand, unable to return the gesture. She was almost afraid that if she took his hand he would transform into a snake and bite her. 
“You seem to have spurred quite the interest,” a red haired demoness said, appearing beside Jackson, and interrupting the growing tension. Her burning red eyes shifted intently on Paris. Zoe got the distinct feeling that there was a secret being passed between them. There was something being left unsaid, a message for Paris, in the demoness’ eyes. She couldn’t help the jealousy from rising in her throat. She quickly suppressed it. It was a silly feeling anyway. 
“Athena,” Paris said, not backing away from the challenge in her eyes, “is there something you wish to say?”
Zoe could sense the familiarity between them. It made her stomach churn uneasily. The demoness was so beautiful and refined. She was everything Zoe wasn’t, and everything a demon like Paris would want. Her chest tightened. She could never compete with that. 
“Not at the moment,” Athena said, her stare breaking into a casual playfulness and a smirk growing on her perfectly painted lips. A moment of silent stares passed between the three demons. Zoe was beginning to get her heart rate under control.
“Where is she?” Paris said, glancing around the room. His eyes narrowed and his jaw tensed. Zoe knew who he was talking about. 
“With her father,” Jackson said. “The Grand Elder has taken slightly ill. He’s having a rest until the ceremony.”
Paris stared back at Jackson. His face was blank, and Zoe just couldn’t make out the silent struggle that seemed to be playing out around her. She could see now that there was so much Paris hadn’t told her, so much she didn’t understand. Once again, she had gotten herself into something she couldn’t handle. 
“You did not mention how pretty this one was,” Athena said. She began to run her fingers through the ends of Zoe’s hair. 
“I did not think it was noteworthy,” Paris said, and Zoe could see the unspoken fight going on between the two demons. His words felt especially cold, and Zoe began to question everything that had happened, everything he had said. The way he so easily dismissed her was surprisingly painful. She looked around herself, at the room full of demons, and realized that he may have been just screwing with her this entire time. 
“Of course you didn’t,” Athena said, as the tips of her claws danced down the exposed flesh of Zoe’s back, perking up goose bumps in their wake. Zoe could swear she saw a hint of jealousy in Athena’s stare. 
“They are inferior creatures,” Paris said. He looked directly at her, his eyes flat and emotionless. She could feel the heat of her blood rushing to her head. Her throat choked over and she felt a sting behind her eyes. She couldn’t tell if he meant what he said, or if he was just trying not to get caught. She pulled herself together with a thick swallow and a deep breath.
“I suppose they can be fun,” Jackson said, chiming in on the taunting conversation. Zoe felt like a mouse in a circle of well-fed cats. They were just toying with her, making her squirm. She straightened her back and squared her shoulders. She wasn’t going to let them get the better of her. 
The air became thicker. Every demon stood still as stone and looked toward the far side of the room. Zoe could feel something coming. It was a massive presence like she had never felt before in all her life. She couldn’t see anyone, but she knew someone was there. 
A demon materialized, a smile on his slender face and a twinkle in his cobalt blue eyes. He carried wrinkles in all the most distinguished places, and a full beard that was trimmed neatly around his chin. His hair was peppered with gray but it was full and slicked back. His attire was of an age long since past, as if he had stepped out of a history book. His eyes landed directly on Zoe. His gaze put her in a stranglehold and she had to fight to breathe. 
“Who is that?” Zoe asked in a whisper, looking up to Paris. He didn’t respond. He simply slid his eyes on her with a condescending glance before looking away as if she didn’t matter at all.
“That,” Athena said, putting her hand in the small of Zoe’s back and pulling her closer, “is Lord Mateo.”
Zoe hoped Paris would give her some sort of reassurance, some kind of sign that he was still on her side. His eyes remained turned away from her, his face as stoic as ever. There was no sign, no reassurance. There was nothing but cold indifference. She was entirely on her own.

Chapter Twenty Four

Paris wanted more than anything to tell Zoe that everything would be ok. He wanted to protect her and keep her from the vicious world of the royal court. But he couldn’t do that. He couldn’t bring any further suspicion upon himself. Jackson and Athena already knew. He would be able bribe them to keep quiet, if he could just get through this night. But now Mateo was here, and his attention sat squarely on Zoe. He was a curious old bastard and he wasn’t supposed to be here. 
Mateo began a casual stroll through the room of courtiers that skittered out of his way as he passed them. His eyes didn’t move from Zoe. He had a side smile of his face that made Paris very uncomfortable. 
“What do we have here?” he said, his voice almost musical. Paris fought to hide the fear and anger from his aura. 
Mateo was staring at Zoe as if he expected her to answer his question. No one else spoke. No one else moved. Paris knew better than to speak to Mateo without being spoken to. He wanted to tell Zoe to answer, to try and relax. But he could not. He could only hope that she would not do anything to upset the demon. A moment passed, followed by another. 
“I…I’m Zoe,” she finally spoke, her words interrupted by a heavy swallow. 
Mateo tilted his head, as if looking at her with curiosity, and Paris felt his heart skip a single beat. Mateo’s eyes snapped to Paris and he knew that the Council Lord had heard it. 
“Is she yours?” he asked, his eyes boring into Paris.
“Yes, My Lord,” Paris said, his voice strong. There was nothing more Paris could do or say, except hope that Mateo would not delve too deeply into the peculiarity. He could feel Zoe shifting uncomfortably beside him, he could hear her heart racing and her lungs struggling to breath. 
“Her blood smells…so unique,” Mateo said, lifting his nose into the air and inhaling deeply, “…spicy.”
Paris could do nothing but nod in agreement. He knew Zoe would cause a bit of a stir, being brought into this place. Just the fact that she was a human in this place was novel. But together with her very nature, her inexplicable differences, she would draw a great deal of attention. Mateo gave a short grunting laugh and slapped a hand on Paris’ shoulder. 
“Congratulations.  It looks like you live up to your reputation, boy,” Mateo said, his eyes twinkling strangely as he stared back at Paris.
The courtiers that looked on in anticipation took a sigh of relief and went back to their casual mingling. But Paris knew better. Mateo’s words were congratulatory, but his stare was condemning. 
“You wish to speak?” Mateo said, raising an eyebrow. Paris didn’t need to let on what he was thinking; Mateo could read it in his aura. Paris didn’t have the power to cloak it from him. 
“You are not supposed to be here,” Paris said simply. Gasps filled his ears. Mateo’s smirk broadened into a smile. His eyes had a strange gleam as he looked back at Paris for a tense moment. 
“I believe you need a Council Lord to preside over the mating ceremony,” Mateo said, his voice calm and steady, holding a false undertone of kindness. “Lord Riyad has decided to enter a recess. Apparently, the Grand Elder’s decision didn’t sit too well with him. I’m the only Council Lord available.”
Paris had seen this move coming long ago. He had tried to warn Riyad, but the old demon was too stubborn to listen. Mateo would never allow Riyad to become the Grand Elder, even if it meant giving up the position himself. 
“Come, Lord Paris. I wish to have a private chat with you,” Mateo said. He put an arm around Paris and began to lead him away. Paris could feel Zoe’s eyes on him. He could smell the fear and uncertainty in her aura. She would never survive here alone. But he had no choice. He could not refuse Mateo.
“My Lord,” Paris said, taking a risk to speak up in objection. “This human is quite troublesome. Allow me to return her. It is not appropriate for her to be here unsupervised.”
“I understand your concern,” Mateo said, considering the situation for a moment. Paris thought, hoped, for just a moment, that he was going to agree; that Paris would be able to return Zoe to relative safety without any further suspicion. 
“I would be more than happy to watch the human while you are away,” Athena said, a smile crossing her lips as she bowed slightly to Mateo.
“Then it is settled,” Mateo said. “Worry not about the human, and join me in my private office.”
There was nothing Paris could do. He had to acquiesce. He could not say no to a Council Lord. The request was an order that most demons would happily follow. But just when Paris thought the situation couldn’t possibly get worse, he felt it. 
“I apologize, My Lord,” Paris said, “but I must attend to some other business.”
“A call?” Mateo asked, to which Paris nodded. “Always business. I like that.”
Mateo patted Paris again on the shoulders and began to walk away. 
“Go,” he said, waving over his shoulder. “Take care of your business. We will speak upon your return.”
Paris wanted to turn around and look at Zoe. He wanted to reassure her, to let her know that he would be back as soon as he could. But he couldn’t do that. The only thing he could do was disappear, answering the call that bound every one of his kind. 

Chapter Twenty Five

“Don’t look so scared,” Athena said, looking down her pale, slender nose at Zoe. “He’ll be back before too long.”
There was something more behind her words that Zoe couldn’t place. It wasn’t a taunt, though the demoness said it with a flourish of attitude that would make most believe it was. The other demons that filled the room pretended not to watch, but Zoe could feel their eyes on her. Sneaking a peak when they thought she wasn’t looking. She ran a hand through her hair, running her fingertips through the ends a couple of extra times. She had to figure a way out of all this. She knew their strengths and weaknesses. She had just spent hours reading of their ways. She had learned more about demons than she thought she ever wanted to know, but she was so scared that her mind couldn’t think. She could see the fire-headed demoness looking thoughtfully at her, and she willed herself to be strong.
“I’m not scared,” Zoe said with as much conviction as she could muster, “and I don’t care if he comes back.”
“You shouldn’t speak ill of your master, human,” Jackson said, his voice playful but his eyes dark.
The temperature in the room rose quickly. Zoe could see a challenge in his eyes, as if he was trying to bait her. She narrowed her eyes on him, her lips parting as her mind prepared a rebuttal. 
“Stop trying to stir up trouble,” Athena said, sharply cutting her off before she had a chance to utter a word. 
“Paris wasn’t kidding when he said you were troublesome,” she said, her eyes moving to Zoe. “Perhaps we should do something about that.”
Before Zoe could react, Athena had her arm around her, and she felt the sudden nauseating pull that accompanied moving with a demon. When her senses cleared, they were in a small room, alone. It was simply furnished, with an old world feel that reminded Zoe of European pictures she had seen somewhere. 
Zoe took a step away from the demoness. Her mind told her to run, but there was a kindness behind her red eyes that calmed Zoe’s racing heart. 
“Relax,” Athena said, “this room is warded. No one can find it without me.”
“That doesn’t make me relax,” Zoe said, straining to keep her eyes from blinking. She knew the demoness could move the distance between them in the time it took to blink. Athena laughed at her.
“I can see why he likes you,” she said. Her smile was so beautiful and Zoe found it hard not to study every perfectly carved feature. The meaning of her words took a moment to sink in. Zoe felt the blood drain from her face. The demoness knew, about Paris and her, about everything maybe. 
“Please,” Athena said, gesturing to a well worn couch in a corner of the room, “sit.”
“I’m guessing I don’t have a choice,” Zoe said, forcing her every sense on guard. She realized her fists were clenched and she opened them.
“Of course you do,” Athena said. She sat in a chair opposite the couch, crossing her legs as she adjusted her gown. “I’m not going to harm you. I don’t believe my mate-to-be would appreciate that very much.”
“Mate?” Zoe asked, the fear for her own safety shifting to fear of what she meant.
“I must admit,” Athena said, with a smirk. “I was surprised when Paris asked me to challenge the mating with Salem.”
“He asked you to mate him?” Zoe asked, her face crestfallen as she sat down on the couch. Her mind worked over the meaning. He must have been planning this all along. Her heart lodged itself in her throat and she tried to dislodge it with a hard swallow. 
“Last night, in fact,” Athena said. “I figured it was just because he didn’t want to end up with Salem.”
“Understandable, of course. Even if the reward is the title of Grand Elder,” Athena leaned forward and opened a small black box on the table in front of her. She pulled out a hand rolled cigarette, long and skinny, and brought it to her lips. She paused as she considered Zoe “But then I find you.”
She lit the cigarette and took a long draw, letting the moment settle. She blew the smoke into the air slowly, watching as it rolled out in a thick plume before turning her eyes back to Zoe.
“I don’t know what you want,” Zoe said, with a shake of her head. Her shoulders slumped, as if she had been defeated. She had known better than to feel the things she had for Paris; had known that it would only end badly for her. Now every illusion of happiness she had dreamed up came crashing down on her. 
“Of course not,” Athena said, with a mocking smile. She didn’t say anything more, but she stood and walked slowly across the room, to a vanity table with a chair and a mirror hanging above it. She pulled something out of the drawer and walked back over to Zoe. 
“Stay still,” Athena said, standing over Zoe with a hand on her perfectly curved hip. “You have such a beautiful neckline, we should show it off.”
The demoness pulled up all of her hair in a single swipe and twisted it up into a bun, securing it with the device she had retrieved from the drawer. It only took her a moment to finish the task and when she was done, she returned to the chair just across from Zoe. She scarcely had time to adjust to the hairstyle.
“I don’t really care what’s going on between you two,” Athena said, “but it would be in everyone’s best interest if this little secret stayed between us.”

Chapter Twenty Six

“I suggest you make this quick,” Paris said. The call had come from one of his oldest clients, one of the few that had seen Paris in his natural form. 
“I want more years,” the man said sheepishly. He was a short, fat man, with pudgy cheeks and lips that protruded a little too much. His dark brown, beady eyes looked desperately up at Paris.
“I told you the last time,” Paris said with an agitated sigh, “that would not be possible anymore.”
“Lord Paris,” the man said, reaching out for Paris, “for a powerful demon such as yourself…”
“I am not in the mood,” Paris said, jerking away from the man’s grasp. He adjusted his jacket cuffs and prepared to leave. He couldn’t be away from Zoe any longer than absolutely necessary. He had answered the call, now he could leave. 
“My soul,” the man said. The words stopped Paris’ departure, as no doubt the man had intended.
“Those are not terms to be thrown around lightly,” Paris said. His mind began a fight within itself. That was not something he could easily walk away from. Perhaps it may even help to get Jackson off his back. 
“And you know I have never been a man to make idle offers,” the man said, a smile creeping onto his face as Paris hesitated. It would require some time to sign the contracts. The more time he spent away from Zoe, the more likely she would not be in one piece when he returned. But a soul was a powerful thing to own, even from a degenerate like this human. 
 “You have already been given three additional human life spans,” Paris said, arguing against the deal. “Those do not come easily.”
“And I have given you much for them,” the man said. “Including new clients.”
It was true. This man had been powerful in all three of his lives, and had used his influence many times to further Paris’ own agenda. If he turned this deal away, it would only serve to further agitate Jackson. 
“I want two more,” the man said, licking at his lips. He wrung his hands as he looked back at Paris. “And then you will have my soul. For all eternity.”
Despite popular lore, demons didn’t often make deals for a human soul. Mostly because humans were generally reluctant to offer them. They weren’t quite as stupid as they seemed. But they happened occasionally. And souls were the source of a demon’s true powers. Another one was always a good thing. It was too lucrative of a contract to pass up; even if it did mean leaving Zoe alone for a while longer. 
“Very well,” Paris said. He placed a hand on the man’s shoulder and they were instantly transported.

#

Paris had his true home designed exactly how he liked it, and that did not include a client poking around it. Unfortunately, being caught off guard, he wasn’t properly prepared and he had no choice but to bring the man here to finish the deal. He tried to write the contract as fast as he could, but it took him nearly an hour to finish. 
“Do not touch that,” Paris said, his voice a cold snap as he saw the man poking at one of the curiosities he had on a shelf. He had collected many artifacts that he favored over the centuries, and he was as protective of them as he was fond of them. 
“Apologies,” the man said, throwing his hands in the air. He made himself comfortable in a chair.
Paris’ apartment served its purpose for business affairs and the like. But all demons kept at least two domiciles. One that was known to all, and one that was kept as secret as possible. The later was warded against prying eyes, and allowed a safe get away from danger. He was opening himself up to risk bringing the client here, but he had no choice. He had to hurry through this so he could return to Zoe. Bringing back the signed contract would also provide the perfect distraction for Jackson.
The last word on the very long and complicated scroll of their contract glowed lightly as it was burned onto the page. Paris put his pen down and slid the contract over to the man. 
“Sign it,” Paris said, looking impatiently at the man. Much to his dismay, the client began to read over it. 
“I don’t have time for you to read it,” Paris said. “Just sign the contract. I have more important affairs to deal with.”
“More important than a soul?” the man said, his brows rising. 
“Vastly more important,” Paris said. His jaw tensed in irritation.
“I believe it is my right to review this contract before I sign it,” the man said, gaining a little of his confidence back, “and I intend to do just that.”
Paris looked at his wristwatch. He could only hope that Zoe would be all right until he returned. The only consolation was the fact that he would be slightly more powerful when he did return. 

Chapter Twenty Seven

Zoe glanced around the room, hoping to see Paris. Her heart sank when she failed to find him. She couldn’t keep her hands still, and found herself fiddling with anything she could, straightening the bottom of her dress unnecessarily. She couldn’t even say for sure that she wanted Paris to return. He had been so cold to her before. 
A question burned in her mind as she tried to go unnoticed at the party. The courtiers milled about her, with casual interest as one after another they struck up a conversation with Athena that would inevitably end with a query on the human. Athena was strong, beautiful, and clearly a good match for Paris. Athena is what Paris really wanted. There was just no way Zoe could ever compete with her for his true affections. She felt silly for even entertaining the thought. 
The hushed mumbles of the courtiers began to die out and the room was left in silence. Zoe glanced around, trying to see what had suddenly caught everyone’s attention. It was Salem, making a grand appearance in a tight fitting dress that beautifully displayed every roll of fat on her body. Zoe felt her skin crawling at the sight of her. Salem’s eyes landed directly on her, angry and full of hatred, resting there for a moment before leaving to scan the rest of the room. Zoe decided then that she wasn’t afraid of her. Rather, she pitied her. She was such a miserable creature.
“Where is my mate?” Salem demanded to the crowd of courtiers as she stomped her way towards Zoe. 
“Paris had some business to take care of,” Athena said, stepping slightly in front of Zoe. If she didn’t know any better she would have thought Athena was protecting her. “I’m sure he will return shortly.”
“He better. Father has improved and he will be joining us soon. We can begin the ceremony,” Salem said, calming down slightly. 
Salem cocked her head to look beyond Athena, her attention turning squarely on Zoe. She stepped passed the red headed demoness and stood before her object of intrigue. 
“What are you wearing?” Salem said, her words followed by a chuckle. Had the jab been delivered by just about any other demon in the room, Zoe would have felt the stab of it. But coming from Salem, it was almost comical. 
“I could ask you the same thing,” Zoe said. Hushed gasps spread through the room. Salem’s eyes grew wide, almost bulging out of her skull. Her fat lips were pulled into a thin line. 
“You will apologize to me for that slight,” Salem said. She was leaning in so close that Zoe could smell the stench of her breath as she spoke.
“No, I won’t,” Zoe said, leaning away.
“You will show me some respect, human,” Salem said, her words coming out with an angry hiss. Zoe could feel the room grow still. The tension was palpable. Everyone was waiting to see if she would comply or not. 
“I don’t care who you think you are,” Zoe said, shaking her head, “I’m not apologizing to you.”
Salem reached a meaty arm back as far as her limited range would allow, coming back to smack her square on the jaw with a loud pop.  Zoe fell to the ground, her hand rising to her rapidly bruising cheek and rubbing at it softly in disbelief.  She narrowed her eyes at Salem.  She’d had enough of her.
Zoe shuffled her feet underneath her bottom, pushing herself up off the ground. The dress she wore seriously limited her range and she was afraid her boobs would pop right out of the top at any moment. She brushed her lap off and gave a pointed glare at Salem. 
“Don’t ever touch me again,” Zoe said, the darkness in her voice surprising even herself. The room was so quiet you could hear a mouse cough.  
“What did you say to me, human?” Salem said, the corners of her lips twitching upward. 
“You heard me,” Zoe said, standing her ground despite a growing feeling of dread. “Or is there so much fat clogging your ears that you didn’t?”
The room erupted in hushed whispers, and gasps.  Salem’s lips flopped open as she tried to comprehend the insult.  
“I heard you fine,” Salem said, finally recovering, “I just didn’t think a human could sink to the depths of such stupidity.”
“That’s enough,” Athena cut into the escalating fight. She moved between them again, in an oddly protective gesture. “The girl’s master is not here to correct her, Salem. I’m sure Lord Paris will punish her sufficiently when he arrives.”
“That’s not good enough,” Salem said. She had a snarl on her lips as she looked at Zoe with such hatred and malice in her eyes that it made her stomach turn. 
“It will have to be,” Athena said, stepping over slightly to put herself between Zoe and Salem. “You cannot discipline a human that doesn’t belong to you.”
“She will be mine soon enough,” Salem said, her voice loud enough to carry through the room. She flexed her claws with a pointed stare at Zoe. “She has to learn respect for me now. Wouldn’t you agree, Lord Mateo?”
All eyes instinctually turned toward Mateo, presiding over the party from a dais at one end of the room. Part of Zoe wished he would refuse the request. But another part of her was itching for the chance to tear into Salem. Show them all that she wasn’t as helpless as they all thought she was. 
“If the human continues to be insolent, then so be it,” Mateo said with an indifferent wave.
“Now,” Salem said, spitting the words out as if they were bitter to her, “apologize to me, human.”
“Never,” Zoe said shaking her head. Salem stalked a little closer, an evil gleam in her eye. The air in the room was thick. 
Zoe shook off an initial feeling of fright. She wouldn’t allow herself to be afraid of Salem. She just wasn’t worth it. Zoe would rather pay with her life than grovel before her. 
“You little wretch,” Salem said, her voice rising to a raspy screech. Her ugly brown eyes narrowed on Zoe. She took another step closer, pushing past Athena. For several heartbeats, nothing happened. No one moved. No one spoke. There was hardly a breath taken. Salem’s lips pulled tight, her eyes narrowing at Zoe as they scanned her. Her bushy brows scrunched together.
“Why isn’t it working?” Salem said. A few more heartbeats passed, the entire room frozen, as Salem concentrated on some unseen task. 
“My aura isn’t working,” Salem said, looking around the room as if she expected an answer to come back. Salem’s eyes looked over Zoe, searching desperately for something. She reached out, her fingers clenching tightly around the bulge of Zoe’s upper arm.  
“What are you using?” Salem was in near hysteria as she shook Zoe. “A talisman of some kind? Where is it?” 
Zoe yanked her arm away, feeling the burning slice of a stray claw cutting into her skin. She could instantly feel the blood begin to trickle down her arm. Her hand clamped over the wound. It was only superficial, but Zoe could already tell she would need a few stitches. 
A strange gleam invaded Salem’s eyes. A rumble echoed in her chest. The room began to move again. All at once, everything returned to life. Zoe could feel the bustling around her, but she tried to ignore it, pushing all her focus on the demoness that was looking dangerously at her. 
Salem threw a punch. It was thrown wide and Zoe was able to catch it. Her other arm came around and Zoe caught that one, locking them arm in arm. They stood eye to eye for a tense moment. Zoe drew her head back, using all the force she could muster to slam her forehead against Salem’s nose. She hit with a disorienting thump and they both released their grip. 
Zoe barely allowed time to notice the blood trickling down Salem’s upper lip. She balled her fist and threw it at Salem as hard as she could. It connected with enough force to send her stumbling back. Zoe’s hand throbbed. Hitting Salem’s face felt like hitting the side of a refrigerator.
Salem recovered quickly, lunging for Zoe, hands aiming for her throat. The weight of her body took them both tumbling to the ground. Zoe could hear the ripping and rustling of fabric as they fought each other for a moment of dominance. Darkness began to cloud her vision as Salem’s fingers found their way around her neck.
A heavy silence began to hush the noises of their struggles. Zoe clawed blindly into the air above her until her blunt nails found flesh. She dug deeply into Salem’s eye socket, her hearing returned to a blood curdling howl as Salem reared back, clutching at her eye. 
Zoe looked around her quickly. She needed a weapon. Her eyes frantically searched for something to fight with, but landed on someone that snapped her right out of the fight. Paris was back, and Zoe could see the fright hiding deep in his eyes. Her heart skipped a beat, rapidly followed by another.

Chapter Twenty Eight

Paris was at a loss. There was nothing he could do but watch as the scene unfolded rapidly before him. He could hear Zoe’s heart racing, could smell her fear. She was trying to be strong, but every demon in the room could read how terrified she was. 
He couldn’t let this happen.  Zoe was going to lose. She was going to die, and it was entirely his fault.  Well, not entirely his fault.  Her stupidity played a rather large part of it, but Paris could have stopped all this a long time ago.  He should have stopped it the moment he saw her. He wanted to call out to Zoe, to warn her. But he couldn’t. His voice was stuck in the tight knot that was gripping his chest. . 
“You must stop this, Lord Mateo,” Athena said. Her voice carried over the growing grumbles of the crowd as she looked to Mateo, sitting on his throne. 
“I suppose you are right,” Mateo said. His gaze travelled over to Paris, but he made no move or command to stop the fight. 
Paris tried to maintain a steady heartbeat. He knew that Mateo was listening for any change in its rhythm. Anything that would indicate he felt something for Zoe. 
“But,” Mateo said finally, “I want to see how this is going to play out.”
Salem lashed out at Zoe. Even with one less eye, she was able to move quicker than Zoe, and caught her just below the hip. Paris could smell the blood instantly. His body tensed. The tangy, sweet smell of it floated around the room. It was the most intense thing he had ever smelled and he had to fight his own body not to become aroused. 
Zoe managed to regain herself. The attack left only a flesh wound, but the damage was done, and Paris knew she wouldn’t last much longer. If Salem didn’t kill her soon, she would be mauled by the demons surrounding her. Mateo appeared beside him suddenly and his attention became split. 
“This is no ordinary human,” Mateo said, looking expectantly at Paris. He hadn’t asked a question, but Paris knew he expected an answer. 
The courtiers close to Zoe tensed their auras. Salem’s blood lust had already gotten to her and she blindly lashed out, her mind unable to affect a proper blow. Soon, the courtiers would follow and there would be a blood bath. 
Death was the only force capable of stopping a demon with a blood lust. It didn’t happen very often. In fact, Paris couldn’t remember it happening anytime within the last five centuries or so. Now, every demon in the court was beginning to lose their mind with the affliction. 
“I don’t know,” Paris said, fighting against the pull of the lust himself. “I knew she was different, but…”
Paris didn’t have time to finish his sentence before Salem lashed out again at Zoe, catching her again on the shoulder. She tried to parry the blow, but it caught her on the shoulder. Another small knick, but it drew out more of the intoxicating blood that was already swirling around the room, afflicting them all. The more it dripped from her body, the more intense the aroma filled their heads. A wind whipped around the room, born from the force of auras clashing. 
Zoe grabbed at her wound. A few stray droplets of blood slipped through her fingers and plopped on the floor. Paris felt Mateo’s aura flex slightly. Even he was affected by the smell of Zoe’s blood. Some of the lesser demons were not controlled enough to resist their urges any longer. Growls erupted through the room as they began to lash out at one another. Paris was doing everything he could to keep from losing his mind, but through his haze, he could see Zoe. She was fighting for her life with no way for him to save her. Salem had her sights set on Zoe and she wouldn’t stop until she was dead. Somewhere in the room, one demon pushed another. Then, from somewhere else, blood was shed. A full rage set in for most the demons in the room.
Paris was expecting Mateo to end the fight at any moment. There was no one else that could put Salem down now. But he didn’t make a move. His eyes were fixed on Paris, as if they were the only ones in the room. Paris couldn’t find the strength to move as a weaker demon began to tear at a demoness next to him. Even as her hot blood sprinkled on his cheek, Paris still could not muster the force to move his body. 
“My Lord,” Paris said, his teeth gritting against the urge to feel blood on his claws. “Are you going to stop this?”
“I believe the human is doing rather well,” Mateo said. His aura extended, but he appeared otherwise unaffected. “I want to see what else she can do.”
The more powerful demons that could manage to tear themselves away from the pull of a rage began to rapidly disappear from the room, running to the safety of their true homes to recover. But there were so many that could not leave now. As the stench of their blood began to overshadow Zoe’s. Paris was able to regain some of his senses. His attention turned squarely on Zoe. He had to save her. Somehow, he just had to. But Jackson stood between them.
A body-less arm landed in front of Jackson. Paris could see him fighting his oncoming rage. His head turned on shaky shoulders to see the body the arm belonged to being torn open. A courtier that had lost his mind was rummaging about inside the dismembered torso. 
Zoe was wrestling Salem on the ground. Salem came up quickly on top. She pulled her hand back, flexed her claws, and prepared to strike. Zoe frantically patted around her for something. She snatched up a heel that had fallen off in the scuffle, and slammed the heel into Salem’s forehead. The demoness fell over, writhing in pain. Zoe rolled over, quickly straddling Salem. Without a breath of hesitation she raised the shoe and jammed the stiletto heel into Salem’s remaining eye. 
The once pale tile floor of the room was now stained with a thick layer of deep crimson. A raging demon slipped as he lashed out at another demon. Mateo finally turned his attention away from Paris. He popped around the room, snapping the necks of the most foregone demons. 
Paris wouldn’t let this moment pass him. Everyone was in a state of unconscious chaos. He had to get Zoe out before even he lost his mind. He appeared above Zoe, who continued to skewer Salem with the shoe. He wrapped his arms around her and they were gone.

Chapter Twenty Nine

Zoe felt arms closing around her and the rush of being transported. She whirled around as soon as she was released, waving the bloodied stiletto in the air to protect herself. Her eyes scanned a small room, nicely furnished with lots of dark stained oak and leather. 
When she saw Paris, she dropped to the ground, a sudden and intense exhaustion settled in. She couldn’t stop her body from shaking and she felt the wet trickling of tears running down her cheeks. She didn’t even know why she was crying. It just felt like the right thing to do. 
Her hands were covered in blood, and she looked helplessly up at Paris for guidance. But she didn’t find the help in him that she had hoped. He was turned away from her, leaning heavily against the back of a chair. His shoulders heaved with every breath. 
“What’s wrong?” Zoe asked, searching him for an injury. She had been so consumed during her fight with Salem, she couldn’t remember anything else that had happened around her. 
“Just stay back,” Paris said, a grit in his voice that was so uncharacteristic of him.
He took a step away from Zoe. She tried to follow after him, wanting to help somehow, but he waved her off. 
“I will be fine,” he said. He pointed to a door in the corner of the room, still refusing to look at her. “Tend to yourself.”
His words were a bit smoother, and his breathing appeared to be slowing. Zoe backed away towards the corner, but she stopped short of opening the door. She didn’t want to leave Paris. 
“I need you to wash the blood away, Zoe,” Paris said. His voice was almost back to normal, but his back remained turned to her.
Zoe sensed that he wanted to say something more, but he didn’t. He just remained looking away from her, his breathing becoming more and more steady until he straightened himself and stood on his own. She turned to the door and opened it, finding a sizeable and lavishly appointed bathroom. There was nothing she wanted to do more than to wash off the blood. 

#

Zoe caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she turned on the faucet of the Jacuzzi bathtub. Little spatters of blood dotted her face, wiped away only where her tears had trailed a clean path. Her left arm was soaked in her own blood, and the once deep blue dress she wore was now stained a dark purple. It wasn’t the first time she looked like this, and she couldn’t stop her mind from returning to that night, so many years ago. She had done what she needed to do then, and she did what she had to do now. Zoe hadn’t thought about that night since the morning after it happened, but she still didn’t feel any regret for what she had done. 
She grabbed a white hand towel, soaking it in the running water and wiping the drying blood off her arms. She rummaged around in the cabinets, finding an emergency sewing kit in the jumble of toiletries. Zoe was surprised to find the drawers and cabinets so full, in stark contrast to the barren emptiness of his apartment. It looked like this was his real home. 
She chose a red thread. It was going to be stained by her blood anyway. She pulled the entire length from the little package of sewing supplies, doubling it so it made a short but thick and strong thread. She picked the largest needle in the pack, which was still too small for the job, and threaded the eye. 
Taking a deep breath, and clamping her eyes shut against the stinging pain, she made her first stitch. Her left arm hung limply, twitching painfully with every impalement of the little sewing needle. She could only stand to do a couple stitches, just enough to hold the wound together until she could get better care for it. She tied the thread off as best she could, then doused the wound with alcohol and slapped a bandage on it. 
Once the burning pain of the alcohol subsided, Zoe took a deep breath and began to mend her other scratches in the same manner. 

#

Zoe came out of the bathroom, a plume of steam following behind her, and a thick white towel wrapped around her. Paris was sitting calmly in a chair, a glass of whiskey in his hand. He twirled the liquid around the few cubes of ice in the glass before taking a sip. Zoe stood uncomfortably before him, unsure of what to do next, unsure of whether to say something or not. She had a moment to really take in the room. It was vastly different from the apartment he had previously brought her to. It was filled with plush, comfortable looking furniture and interesting décor. It was inviting, not sterile, and every piece in the room reminded her of Paris.  
“Have a seat,” Paris said. 
He motioned to an armchair right next to him, and Zoe made her way over to it. She wrapped the towel more securely around her body and adjusted the smaller towel that she had wrapped her hair in. She felt so awkward and unsure around him. He had been so cold and indifferent to her in that place. Was it all just an act, or did he really not care about her?
“What are you?” he said, when she had barely settled into the seat. The question, and the intensity of his glare, caught her off guard. She hadn’t a clue what he meant.
“I don’t…” she shook her head in confusion, trying to understand, but Paris interrupted her.
“Salem is dead,” he said. He stood and paced a little in front of her. 
“Well, she kinda had it coming,” Zoe said, her eyes following him. “Besides, she attacked me. What was I supposed to do? Let her kill me?”
“Humans simply cannot kill demons,” he said, his words more of a thought to himself. “You must be something else.”
“Apparently we can,” Zoe said, “because as far as I know, that’s what I am.”
“Your blood is toxic to me,” Paris said. His pacing stopped and he looked down his nose at Zoe, as if he was a parent coaxing a child to tell a truth that was already known. 
“I just don’t know what to tell you,” Zoe said, throwing her hands up with a shrug.
“If I’m going to protect you,” Paris said, turning his back to her, “I need to know what you are?”
Zoe thought for a moment. Should she tell him about her past? About all the things she was taught growing up, that she had never believed, had tried so hard to escape, only to find now that it was all too real. She just couldn’t. She wasn’t ready to face that reality herself just yet.
“I’m sorry,” Zoe said, shaking her head. “I just don’t…”
“They will be coming for you,” Paris said, turning to her. His face had returned to the stoic mask she was used to, but his eyes showed a glimmer of care. “They will not suffer you to live after what just happened, and I’m afraid I cannot protect you.”

Chapter Thirty

Paris was barely able to think straight with all the possibilities floating through his mind. He knew Zoe was different. He knew her blood smelled sweeter and spicier than normal humans. But he had let his sexual desire for her cloud his judgment. Now, half the royal court was dead, including the Grand Elder’s daughter, and he would likely be held responsible. Even now, with the dire situation at hand, all he wanted to do was rip the towel off of Zoe and have his way with her. He forced the thoughts out of his mind.
“What happens now?” she asked, her voice so soft and innocent, as if she hadn’t just killed a powerful demoness with essentially her bare hands. 
The Grand Elder would not likely allow Zoe to live after what she had done. The Hunters were probably already called against her. She was safe here, under his warding and protection, for now. But his power could only last so long against the Hunters. 
“I have to go,” Paris said. He could see the sadness in her eyes the moment the words came out. He could understand her desire to not be alone. 
“I will return as soon as I can,” he said. He set his half drunk glass of whiskey down. He had hoped it would calm him, but it didn’t. “You need to rest.”
“No,” she said, standing up and catching the towel just before it fell off her body. He should have expected her to react as such. “I want to come with you.”
“That is not possible,” Paris said. If she went anywhere away from the protection of the warding that blocked his true home, the Hunters would pick up on her aura instantly. “You will be safe here until I return.”
“No,” Zoe said, her voice rising to a near hysteria. Her brows were heavily furrowed over widened eyes. “I don’t want to stay here.”
“This is not up for debate, Zoe,” he said, firm but still as kind as he could muster. “I will return before you wake. I promise.”
Her eyes fell, and he knew she was relenting. Her adrenaline was wearing down, and Paris imagined she would be exhausted. She sat back down, her shoulders slumping in defeat.
“But what if you don’t?” she asked. Paris was shocked by the question. Not the question itself, but the sincerity and concern behind it. He had never had anyone feel this way towards him and it only enamored him more.
“I will,” he said. He reached a knuckle under her chin, tenderly lifting her face to his. “You need to rest.”
His hand opened to cup her cheek and she leaned her head into his embrace, her eyes wide as they shone up at him. Her lips were parted slightly and he couldn’t stop himself from tasting her once more. He kissed her softly, gentle, contrasting the rush of passion that coursed through him. She stood, wrapping her hands around his neck and deepening the kiss. The terry cloth towel that covered her fell to the ground. Paris fought the strong urge to pull away and take in the beautiful sight of her naked body, settling instead to pull her closer to him. 
Zoe moaned softly, the sound filling his mouth. She was making it very hard for him to leave. But he had to resist her charms. Now was certainly not the time for such things. His hands slid past the small curve of her back and found the rounded swell of her bottom. He squeezed gently, enjoying to plumpness of it, as he pulled her up and wrapped her legs around his hips. He made his way to the bedroom, laying Zoe on the bed and collapsing on top of her, unable to pull himself away from her lips. He was aroused to a painful extent, and as Zoe began to rub herself against him, he almost lost it. With great reluctance, he pulled away from her.
She was breath taking. The soft red burn on her cheeks brought out the blue of her eyes, glazed over with desire. Her sandy hair had fallen out of the towel and spread out over the silk covered bed beneath her. The delicious lips that Paris found so irresistible were red and moist from his attentions.
“Sleep now,” Paris said, his voice strained with his own desire. “I will be back very soon.”
Zoe stuck a pout on her lips but she didn’t argue further. She wriggled under the covers, the sleepiness showing in her half-lidded eyes. Paris tucked her under the covers and gave her a chaste kiss on the forehead and she snuggled down. He took a moment, adjusting himself, and allowing his arousal to cool. With a last glance at Zoe, he left her in his home. He had promised her that he would return shortly, but he knew very well that he might not be able to keep that promise.

Chapter Thirty One

“You must be out of your mind,” Athena said as she opened the door. Now more than ever Paris needed to know what Zoe was. If anyone would know, it would be Athena. He had travelled all the way to the Greek Islands, her territory, to ask her.
“I’m not sure exactly what you are referring to,” Paris said, stepping through the door and past her without an invite inside, “but no, I’m not.”
“How could you bring her to the Royal Court?” Athena asked incredulously, closing the door and turning to Paris. Her jaw was tensed as she stared expectantly back at him. He felt like a child being scolded. 
“I had no choice,” Paris said, his words harsh in defense of the criticism. 
“You have no idea what she is,” Athena said, “Do you?”
“I suppose you do?” Paris said, bristling. He needed to know what exactly Zoe was and he didn’t have time to get into an argument, least of all with Athena.
“Of course,” Athena said, lifting her nose in the air. She walked past Paris and towards the wet bar in the corner of the comfortably furnished room. “And you know that I will be forced to tell the Council, when they call for me.”
“What do they know?” Paris asked. He followed slowly after her, stopping along the way to take a seat on one of the two beige sofas that filled the casual room. 
“Nothing,” Athena said, pulling two glasses from beneath the counter. “As of yet. But they are calling in every one that survived. They will be calling for you soon I suppose.”
Athena’s pumps clicked on the tiled floor as she crossed back over to the seating area, handing Paris a glass with a few sips of whiskey in it. She had one in her own hand as she took a seat beside Paris on the couch. 
“What is she?” Paris asked, finally giving voice to the question that had been haunting his subconscious. 
“Is she in your custody?” Athena asked, ignoring the question as she looked into the amber-colored liquid. 
Paris hesitated to answer. It wasn’t really a question that needed to be answered, and his silence would tell Athena all she needed to know. 
“I suppose you know the Hunters have been called for her,” Athena said, “Even if you are warding her, they will find her.”
“It was a fair fight, a fair kill,” Paris said. “There is no reason to involve the Hunters.”
“It shouldn’t have been a kill at all,” Athena said, her eyes snapped to Paris and he saw a hint of jealousy behind them. It was supposed to be Athena that killed Salem, winning the right to mate with Paris. But Zoe had taken that from her. 
“Salem was the aggressor,” Paris said, looking away from her. He drank the whiskey in a single gulp and set the glass on the coffee table. “There is no fault to be found with Zoe.”
“Oddly enough,” Athena said, leaning into the heavy padding of the sofa, “Mateo seems to agree with you. He has disputed the Calling. The Grand Elder is quite upset with the whole situation.”
Athena allowed a moment of silence to pass between them and Paris was grateful. If Mateo had disputed the Calling, then it bought Paris some time to find a way to permanently ward Zoe. But he couldn’t understand why Mateo would do such a thing. He was there. He saw what had happened, had heard the skipping beat of his heart. He knew of Paris’ attachment to Zoe. 
“What is he after?” Paris said, more of a thought than a question.
“I suppose he is attempting to contradict his own guilt,” Athena said. “He allowed the human to be brought to the palace, and the fight with Salem to continue.”
“Tell me now,” Paris said. It was an order, delivered firmly and demanding a response. “What is she?” 
“A priestess,” Athena said, “and by the way she single handedly destroyed the royal court, and has you so enamored, a very powerful one.”
“You are familiar with her kind?” Paris asked. 
“Only in passing,” Athena said, “although, as I’m sure you can imagine, in passing is more than enough.”
“I understand,” Paris said, standing from the couch. Athena quickly mimicked him. Her eyes softened and her lips parted to speak. She hesitated, an unusual thing for her, but Paris gave her the moment to compose herself. 
“I was surprised when you asked me to mate,” Athena said finally. “But I understand now.”
“I stand by my offer,” Paris said. The way he felt about Zoe was incomparable. But he knew that they could never be together. He would do whatever he could to protect her. But he could never actually have her, be with her. “I will announce our mating to the Council when I am called.”
“And I will look the other way as you do what you see fit with the human,” Athena said. She picked up the empty glass off the coffee table, her eyes refusing to meet his as she turned away from him. 
“I want you to wipe her mind,” Paris said. “I don’t want her to remember me, or any of this.”
“Assuming she lives,” Athena said. The words stung, they were cold and bluntly delivered, but he knew they were spoken in honesty. It was, in fact, most likely that Zoe would not live through this. 
 “She has an illusive past,” Paris said, “Dig into that for me.”
“Consider it done,” Athena said. 

Chapter Thirty Two

Paris returned to find Zoe fast asleep, breathing softly, the down stuffed comforter tucked around her naked body. His apartment was set up for business, and he had enjoyed the company of many females there. But this was his private home. He had never shared this bed with anyone before. He felt a strange sense of peace that Zoe was in it. 
“Zoe,” he said.  He made his voice smooth, a heavy whisper as he came closer to her. A soft moan echoed in her throat and she shuffled in the bed, but her eyes remained closed. 
“Zoe,” he called to her again, sitting down on the side of the bed. She shifted under the covers again, her head tossing a bit before her eyes fluttered open. 
“Paris,” Zoe questioned in a sleepy whisper. He picked up a faint arousal in her aura and he just couldn’t wait any longer. He would be called before the Council soon to answer for his actions, and he wanted to make the best use of his time before that happened. He placed a hand on the other side of her, leaning over her, blocking her from escaping his embrace. She sucked in a shaky breath and Paris could feel her tensing. He gave her a moment as he just stared back at her, barely a space between them. He slid his hand up the bed and tangled his fingers in her hair. His eyes locked with hers as he tried to quell the fear that he felt radiating from her. 
Paris bent his neck and nipped lightly at her lips, pulling back to inspect Zoe’s reaction. He could feel the arousal that was heavy in her aura, but she was tense, afraid. There was an odd sort of surrender in her eyes that Paris couldn’t bear to look at. He caressed her neck with parted lips, pausing at the crook were it met her shoulders. He was gentle, tender. Something he had never tried to be before. A shiver and a throaty gasp encouraged him to continue. 
He pulled the covers away. Zoe hesitated, reaching for the blankets to hide her naked body. But Paris was insistent. His gentle kissing distracted her as he took the covers away. His hand found her hip and began to feel it’s way up her supple flesh. She flinched and pulled away. He stopped. 
“I won’t hurt you Zoe,” Paris said. He couldn’t understand her. She was clearly enjoying the attentions he was giving her, if the arousal that clogged the air was any indication. But she was fighting against it, refusing to allow herself the pleasure that her body was craving. 
“I will stop if you ask me to.”
He watched her consider his words. She remained quiet, made no protest. Her lips parted and she gulped in air, but she didn’t speak. She avoided his stare, looking everywhere but at him, and Paris took it as a sign to continue. He pecked her cheek, pulling back and looking at her. He kissed a little closer to her lips and she finally rewarded him by meeting his heated glare. Her lips parted slightly and Paris took the opportunity to conquer them. His tongue dove into her with a reckless abandon as he took control of her mouth, telling her tongue where to go and her lips how to move. She reacted nicely, unsure at first but relaxing into his instruction. He felt her hips shifting on the bed beside him. She moaned. 
He grasped the thick of her thigh, shifting her closer to him. The feeling of arousal in her aura was intense. It made him pulse with a need to feel her around him. Her arms reached out to him, snaking around his neck.  Her touch was timid.
Paris grabbed one of her hands, placing it on his hardened cock as he pulled back to look at her. She nibbled at her lower lip, her cheeks stained so dark he feared she would pass out from lack of blood to her brain. His hand guided hers, showing her how to rub him. Her breathing was short and choppy but she tried as best she could to follow his direction. Her touch was apprehensive. Her eyes watched him for reassurance. Paris allowed a short grunt of pleasure to escape him. She became bolder with the encouragement and her shoulders relaxed. 
He grasped the full swell of her breast, gripping it with a light pressure. He used the nail of his thumb to flick at the already perky nipple. The other nipple he found with his lips, suckling it. Zoe arched her back, pushing herself further into his touch.
“Paris,” she moaned his name breathlessly as he assaulted her willing flesh. He pulled away from her touch, from the heat of her body. He stood from the bed and hovered over her. 
Her brow furrowed as she looked up at him, silently questioning him. Paris couldn’t take it any longer. He ripped his shirt open with a single, forceful pull, buttons bouncing across the room. His pants were left in a pile on the floor and he was on the bed, between Zoe’s slender legs before she had time to take two breaths. 
He rubbed against her entrance, pleased to see how ready she was with only such minimal attentions. His pleasure was cut short when she tensed again and tried to scoot away from him. He held her firmly in place with a hand on her hip. She whined and looked up at him, her eyes wide and full of a strange kind of fright. 
“Why do you pull away from me?” he asked. He was using every ounce of restraint he had to keep from thrusting into her. He wanted her to enjoy this as well. 
“It’s just…” Zoe looked away from him. “Its so different.”
“Do you not enjoy it?” Paris asked.
“Yes…I do,” she said, the words so breathless he almost didn’t hear them. 
“Then enjoy it,” Paris said. He positioned himself, taking one last look into her eyes before he did the unthinkable, sliding into her with a hiss. Her walls consumed him, clenching tightly as he invaded her. She arched into him, her fingers grasping at his shoulders. He had never felt anything so amazing in all his years. He pulled back, entering her again as her nails dug into him. Her hips rolled with his every thrust, and he allowed her to set the tempo. She set a lazy pace, gasping and sighing as he obliged her. But he could only hold his desires back for so long. She whined, reaching after him, as he withdrew from her. 
He wasn’t absent from her warmth long, pulling her hips up to meet his as he impaled her on himself. He thrust into her tightness with an increasing speed. She bucked her hips as her arousal grew to a breaking point. Her walls pulsed around him, her body tensed as she moaned his name.
Paris reached his breaking point. He couldn’t hold back any longer and he collapsed over her, reaching his release as she clung breathlessly to him. He was certain in that moment that his curiosity for her would never be satisfied. 

Chapter Thirty Three

Zoe listened to the slow, steady beat of Paris’ heart as she rest her head on his chest. His fingers languished in her hair, and all but put her to sleep. She had never in her life felt so amazing. She had never known that sex could be so good. It was a shame she had to learn it from a demon.
“Paris,” she said thoughtfully, not lifting her head from the comfort of his chest. “What exactly is it that you do?”
“I make deals,” he said simply. Zoe hadn’t expected anything more from him. He was a man of few and choice words. She assumed it served him well in whatever it was he did. She sure had fallen under the spell of his charms quite handily.
“I got that,” Zoe said, “but I mean…”
“You read the book,” Paris said. His voice was the sexy deep baritone that made Zoe’s knees weak, but it had lost its cold edge and she was so thankful for that.
“Yeah,” Zoe said, twirling her fingers through the patch of hair on his chest. “But…”
“You do not want to know the answers to these questions, Zoe,” he said, interrupting her. He pulled away, sitting up on the bed. His grey eyes bore down on her as intense as they were apathetic. “My business is nothing pleasant.”
“I want to know,” Zoe said. She had already let herself get in too deep with Paris. She should have run from him the moment she saw him. But she had the idiotic notion that she could somehow control him through a stupid ritual she had read about.  
“I take years,” Paris said. He turned away from her. “In exchange for a variety of things.”
“What do you do with the years?” Zoe asked. She sat up in the bed, scooting around to look Paris in the eyes, holding the covers to her body. 
“I live them,” Paris said.
“How long have you been alive?” Zoe asked. She was happy to have him in such a forthcoming mood and she was going to try and take full advantage of it. 
“A very long time,” he said, and Zoe felt her hopes drop slightly. Apparently, he wasn’t going to be that forthcoming. Paris reached an arm out to her, motioning for her to come closer. 
“What about souls?” Zoe asked, “Do you make deals for souls, or is that just myth?”
“Those deals are extremely rare,” Paris said with a heavy sigh, dropping his hand when she didn’t accept the embrace. “They come with a different benefit.”
“Like what?” Zoe asked. She had to admit that as much as his world frightened her, it fascinated her far more. Especially when her life wasn’t in imminent danger. 
“A different kind of power,” Paris said. “Collecting souls makes a demon truly powerful. It makes him a Lord, or Lady, in the royal court.”
“How many souls do you have?” Zoe asked. 
Paris looked at her with a small bend in his neck and a raised eyebrow. He crossed his hands over his broad, bare chest and made himself more comfortable in the bed as he looked back at her. A tense moment of silence passed.
“Three hundred fifty six,” he said finally. Zoe wasn’t sure how to react. He stared back at her, 
“Is that a lot?” Zoe asked. 
“Yes,” he said. Zoe had to pause again to think of what she wanted to ask him next. She could sense he was becoming less receptive to her questions, and she decided to change the nature of them. 
“Is um…” Zoe felt her stomach dropping. “Is my contract…”
She didn’t need to ask the question. She could already see the answer in the way he refused to look at her. 
“You didn’t even try to read the contract,” Paris said, with a small shake of his head that was so simple but so compassionate. “I had no idea it would come to this, Zoe.”
“My soul…” Zoe said. She clutched at her chest, swallowing back the stinging tears that threatened to well up in her eyes. Her judgment had been so clouded by his very presence, she wasn’t able to think straight. 
“I thought I could control you,” Zoe said, “I thought I had the power…”
Paris stood from the bed. He walked over to a black wooden filing cabinet near a simple desk and opened the drawer. After a moment of shuffling he pulled out a file. He turned to face her, pulling a thick piece of paper out of the file and tossing it onto the floor. It hit with a muffled thud.
“That is the master copy of your contract,” he said. The piece of paper burst into flames and was entirely consumed in a matter of moments. “You are released from any debt due to me. But you will tell me what you are.”

#

Paris set the file down on the corner of the bed. It was every scrap of information he could get his hands on about Zoe, and it was an unusually thin file. There were bank statements, that Paris couldn’t believe to be accurate for how small the amounts were. Her lease agreement, all her email names and passwords, even a copy of her library card. All of which were opened within the last two years. Paris prided himself on being thorough with all his clients. But Zoe had presented a unique challenge from the start. He knew what she was now, but that didn’t answer all his questions. 
“There is nothing on you for the past two years,” Paris said, pointing to the pile, “You seem to have appeared out of nowhere, Zoe Fine. Which is, of course, not your real name.”
“How did you get all of this?” Zoe said. She pulled her knees to her chest, wrapping the blankets tighter around her.
“I am very thorough with all of my clients,” Paris said.
“What do you want to know?” Zoe said. She looked up at him with a shrug.
“Where did you come from?” Paris asked.
“A small town,” Zoe said, looking away. “Far away from here.”
“There are no records of you,” Paris said. He had never been able to find a birth certificate for her. “What is your real name?”
“What is yours?” Zoe said. She dropped her knees and straightened her back as her eyes glared up at him. Paris saw a strength shining through her that wasn’t always there, though he had seen it before. He didn’t answer her, but she wasn’t expecting him to. He had already told her he would never utter his real name to anyone. 
“I ran away from that place,” Zoe said, breaking the silence that had fallen over them, “and I never looked back.”
“Why?” Paris asked. Zoe looked away from him. Her brow furrowed. Paris could feel the turmoil raging in her aura. 
“I come from a unique community,” Zoe said. She looked up at Paris. “They like to call themselves religious, but…”
Her words stopped short of a further explanation. She looked down at her hands, fiddled with the edge of the blanket. Paris didn’t speak. He was waiting for her to continue. 
“I was married when I was fifteen,” she said, finally looking up at him again. “Or, I should say, forced to marry.”
“He beat me,” she continued, her voice cracking a little. “So I ran.”
She hadn’t lied, but Paris could feel the deception in her aura. There was something she was leaving unsaid. He could see the pain in her eyes and decided to let it go for now. He would find out everything soon enough. 

Chapter Thirty Four

Paris was silent and, as always, Zoe couldn’t read him. It was strangely relieving to finally tell someone about her past. Her husband and all the abuse she put up with was surprisingly easy to talk about. Her family was more difficult. The mother and father that should have loved and cared for her were so quick to turn their backs on her. 
“Women weren’t allowed to read where I grew up,” Zoe said. Paris was a receptive listener, and Zoe found it easy to talk to him. “I didn’t know how until I was fourteen. At least, I think I was fourteen. My parents never kept track of that kind of stuff. I’ve never had a birthday. But fourteen seems about right.”
Zoe could remember her jealousy at seeing the men reading, and teaching their sons how to read. She had secretly envied them for so long. One day, a boy from across the street taught her the alphabet. She always wondered if he knew better than to do what he had done. When they were caught, he had been so badly beaten that he never walked quite right again. Zoe couldn’t help but feel responsible. 
“Anyway, once I learned how to read…once my parents found out,” Zoe said, continuing in the silence that Paris gave her, “my father married me off to someone that was supposed to keep an eye on me. An old friend of the family’s.”
Paris sat quietly beside her, his fingers stroked idly on her arm. Zoe wanted him to say something, anything that would give her a moment of being the listener. His eyes burned into her, as if he was reading her soul. 
“I never liked him,” Zoe said looking away. “I didn’t like him before I had to marry him. I liked him a lot less after.”
“What did he do to you?” Paris asked when she paused. His words were barely more than a mumble. Zoe reasoned that with as many years as he lived, he had learned to be very patient. Time must pass very differently for someone like Paris. 
“He liked to beat me up,” Zoe said, looking back up at him. “Anytime he caught me reading, I caught a beating. I tried not to read. For a long time I didn’t. I went an entire year without even picking up a book. It was awful. I decided I would rather die. I would rather take a beating every day.”
“He tried to take all the books out of the house. But there were always things to read. It’s amazing how inescapable it is, once you learn how to do it. Food labels, the mail on the counter. It was just impossible to keep from reading.”
“My husband had company one night,” Zoe said. She paused, considering whether she was ready to reveal the full truth to him. She was afraid he would shun her, he would look down on her for the things she had done in her past. 
“I was sneaking around the house, as I often did,” Zoe said. She looked away from Paris. She couldn’t keep his gaze any longer. “I heard them talking about me. About my reading, and how much trouble I could cause for them. I could tell they were scared, terrified about something. About me.”
“I always imagined other kids, far away from where I grew up. Their parents would tell them bedtime stories of princesses and fairytales. The bedtime stories I got were different. Much darker. From as long as I could remember, my mother would tell me about creatures that lurked in the dark. Demons that would steal my soul if I let them. The reason we lived the way we did, was to keep them away. I never believed a word of it. I thought she was crazy. Ironic I suppose…”
“They were going to take my eyes,” Zoe said, looking back at Paris with her jaw clenching against the emotion that rose in her throat. “I couldn’t be trusted not to read, and taking my eyes was the only way to stop me. So I ran.”
Zoe had never known anything different. But she somehow knew that things should be different. She had such a curiosity, such a desire to learn. She just had to get away from there, away from the iron grip they had on her freedom. The feel of hot blood splattering across her face was something she would never forget. As she returned every blow her husband had ever given her with a baseball bat, his blood and brain matter speckling the carpet, she had wrenched her freedom free from his grasp. 
“Zoe was the name of the woman that picked me up on the road outside of the compound,” Zoe said. “She didn’t ask a single question. Just gave me a ride far away from that place. I never looked back. I moved to the city, and started a new life. It may not be much to some, but it’s all mine.”
The room became painfully quiet. Paris didn’t say anything. Zoe couldn’t speak anymore. She had given up everything that she was willing to tell. She wanted Paris to speak. She wanted him to laugh, or sigh, or yell, or anything to take away the silence of the room. But he just sat, stone still, staring back at her. Finally, his brows twitched together. He sighed and parted his lips to speak. 
“I must go,” Paris said, standing from the bed. “The council is calling me.”
He didn’t say anything else. He disappeared from the room, leaving Zoe all alone.

Chapter Thirty Five

“Lord Paris, step before the court,” the Grand Elder’s words were a chalky echo in the vast courtroom.
“I am present, My Lords,” Paris said, stepping forward with his head bowed respectfully. The two Council Lords and the Grand Elder stared down at him from behind the judge’s bench. The room was empty, not a single other courtier was present. In all the centuries Paris had been attending court, he had never once seen it less than packed to capacity. He supposed they were all dead. 
“We find ourselves in a delicate predicament,” Mateo spoke, his voice stern and disapproving. He glanced to his side, to the Grand Elder and Riyad, who sat beside him. Paris had not seen Riyad since the engagement, and now the older demon was glaring down at him with raw hatred in his eyes. 
“We must rebuild the court,” Riyad said, his words terse. “That is the only reason you find yourself still alive.”
Paris shifted his eyes away from the demon he had known as a mentor for many centuries. He fought the strong urge to shift uncomfortably as he felt Riyad’s stare sizzling into his flesh. It was the last person he had ever wanted to betray, but that was exactly what he had done. Paris knew better than to speak, unless he was directed to. He silently endured the quiet anger that hung in the room. 
“Calm yourself,” Mateo said, raising a hand to Riyad. 
“Cavorting with a human,” Riyad said, his words hissing out like bubbling acid. He stood from his chair, pushing it out behind him. “He should be happy for the court to end his miserable existence.”
“Now,” Mateo said, standing slowly, trying to tempt Riyad down, “we cannot be certain what happened here…”
“Where is she?” Riyad asked. His eyes remained set on Paris. His jaw tensed.
Paris wished he could refuse to answer. He was a good liar, but the Council was exceptional at smelling them out. And after what Mateo had already seen, Paris wouldn’t likely get away with even a well-delivered lie. 
“Lord Riyad,” Mateo spoke before Paris even had the chance to form an answer, “I will ask you again to calm yourself.”
Paris couldn’t help but notice the Grand Elder sitting between the two, slumped forward in his chair, his eyes gazing off into nowhere. He looked like a tired parent between two bickering siblings. His lips cracked open, as if he was going to speak, but he just huffed and returned to stillness.
“Half the royal court is dead,” Riyad said, slamming his hand down on the table. “All because of that human bitch. And you wish me to believe that Paris had nothing to do with that.”
“He may in fact be guilty,” Mateo said, “but we will establish that through the proper legal channels. We do not even know what happened, Lord Riyad.”
Riyad clenched his jaw. He squared up to Mateo. His eyes flicked down to the Grand Elder, looking for support. When he got none, he turned away, shoving his chair under him. He leaned back, crossed his arms over his chest, and continued to glare at Paris. 
“Lord Paris,” Mateo began, sitting down and looking away from Riyad to Paris, “were you aware of the nature of this human prior to this incident?”
“No,” Paris answered truthfully. He couldn’t understand what Mateo was doing. The older demon had clearly seen what had happened. He had seen Paris take Zoe away from the party. Why wasn’t he just saying so?
“I was aware of her uniqueness,” Paris said, “but I had no idea...”
“Are you aware of her nature now?” Mateo asked, interrupting Paris as he scribbled notes on the paper in front of him. Paris had no choice but to answer the question, though he wished he didn’t have to.
“I am,” Paris said. 
“What is she?” Mateo asked, leaning forward slightly. “How was she able to inflict so much damage?”
“She is a priestess,” Paris said. “Though I believe she was not aware of her abilities prior to…”
“Listen to him,” Riyad balked, his voice rising loudly, “he is trying to defend the human.”
“Lord Riyad,” Mateo’s pitch rose to meet Riyad’s, “I will not ask you again to be calm.”
“Do not talk to me as if I am a child,” Riyad said. He shot from his seat and flung the chair across the room. “I will tear you to pieces in a heartbeat.” 
“I’d like to see you try,” Mateo said, his voice was placid and his eyes had a cheerful gleam. He stood slowly and the two faced off. The Grand Elder sat between them, lethargic. It was questionable if he even understood what was going on around him.
“I’m going to enjoy it,” Riyad said, flexing his claws at Mateo, “one day, very soon.”
Riyad disappeared, taking with him all the hatred and anger that was hanging in the air. Paris wanted to breath a sigh of relief at the removal of Riyad’s suffocating aura, but he restrained himself. He still had Mateo to deal with, which he couldn’t decide was better or worse. 
“Now that we’ve taken care of that,” Mateo said with a curt smirk at Paris, “shall we continue?”
Mateo made himself comfortable in his seat, glancing back up at Paris with his hands crossed on the desk in front of him. 
“As I was saying, we have a delicate situation,” Mateo said. “Most of the Royal court is dead, and we need to rebuild it. Capital punishment of a demon of your class is simply counterproductive to that end.”
Paris began to understand. Mateo didn’t care about his attachment to Zoe. He only wanted to rebuild the world that he had ruled over for most of his life. It would be a much more difficult feat without Paris,
“So here’s what we’re going to do,” Mateo said, “bring in the human and we will forget this whole mess ever—“
“No,” Paris said, his mouth moving without his consent as he interrupted the Council Lord. Denying such a thing was sure to bring his death, but he just couldn’t hand Zoe over to them. He would sooner die than do such a thing. 
“You will bring in my daughter’s murderer,” the Grand Elder suddenly spoke, his eyes were like fire as they shot up at Paris. His old jaw was tight, his wrinkled lips pulled into a little broken line. “Or I will issue a warrant for her arrest. Let the hunters deal with her.”

Chapter Thirty Six

“Thank you for speaking with me,” Athena said as she settled into the worn couch. She waited for the wispy woman in the ankle length dress sitting across from her to respond, but she said nothing. A silence settled between them, the only sound in the room was the heavy tick of a grandfather clock.
“No one else in your community was willing to speak with me,” Athena said, hoping to get a response. She smiled politely, trying not to make it look too forced. The woman shot out of her seat, darting quickly to the large living room window. She pulled back the floral curtains, peering outside before clutching them tightly together. 
“I know what you are,” the woman said, turning around to Athena with her lips pulled tight. She sat quickly in the closest armchair. Her back was stick straight. She refused to make direct eye contact with Athena, instead choosing a spot on the floor to stare at.
“Yes,” Athena said, “I was not entirely honest. I am not really a reporter. I’m a friend of—“ 
“Not that,” she said. Her words were softly spoken, a gulping mixture of sounds and breaths. Athena couldn’t believe this was Zoe’s mother. Aside from the very minute similarity in the auras, they were nothing alike. Strength and courage radiated from Zoe’s aura, even when it was heavily tinted with fear. But this woman had only fear and pain.
“I know, ” the woman said, chancing a glance at Athena from behind her fringed sandy-colored bangs, “what you are.”
Athena was silent. It had taken her all day to find someone willing to say more than two words to her. She was in human form, but she may as well have been in demon form by the way they had shunned her. 
“You can shift,” the woman said. She lifted her eyes a little more. A puckish smile flitted across her lips, disappearing as quickly as it came. “if you like.”
For just a brief moment, Athena could see Zoe in her mother. The glimmer of rebellion simmering just beneath the surface. The almost nefarious curiosity was permanently hidden behind her big blue eyes. But just like the woman’s smile, it was gone as quickly as it came. 
“It is only in the darkness that we shift,” Athena said, leaning back, getting more comfortable. 
“Then things have changed since the old days,” she said, her eyes once again refusing to focus on Athena. “What else could be different?”
Athena didn’t answer the question, didn’t feel she had to. It wasn’t addressed to her. The woman spoke to her shoulder, her body slumped over on itself as she puzzled over her own thoughts. 
“I have come seeking information,” Athena said, getting to the point. 
“I don’t have any,” the woman said quickly, shaking her head. Her fingers fiddled with the hem of her dress, pulling at a thread that had come undone. 
“Zoe is what she calls herself,” Athena said. The woman didn’t reply. Almost as if she hadn’t heard. “Your daughter. She calls herself Zoe.”
The woman’s eyes shot up to Athena, finally looking directly at her. She could see the pain of a mother who had lost her child. Her knees began to bounce under her long skirt, and she nibbled at the edge of her lip. 
“She was always such a petulant child,” the woman said with a nasally gasp, as tears began to form in her eyes. “I tried to tell her, that she mustn’t be that way. But she never listened.”
She shook her head, and stopped speaking. Athena gave her a moment to continue, but she didn’t. She just sat staring at the ugly carpet of her floor. 
“I’m afraid your daughter is in a considerable amount of trouble,” Athena said simply. The words snapped the woman out of her stupor, but she didn’t react the way Athena expected.
“I knew from a very young age how special she was. I tried to hide it, but they were afraid of her, the men. They knew too, what she is capable of,” the woman said, continuing to stare at the carpet. 
She stood. Her hands clutched at her chest. She took a couple steps to her right, then shifted direction to her left. Her eyes found the round clock hanging on the opposite wall. She stared at it for a lengthy moment, her lips moving in a silent count.
“You must leave now,” she said. Her eyes were wide, filled with fright. It was enough to make Athena’s stomach churn, that a human would treat another so badly that she was left in the state of constant fear, as this woman was. 
“Zoe is in a lot of trouble,” Athena said. She hadn’t found the answers she needed yet, and she couldn’t go back to Paris empty handed. His life was as much in jeopardy as Zoe’s. “She is going to die.”
“I don’t begrudge your kind for what they do,” she said. A single tear trailed down the swell of her cheek and dropped to the floor. “They do not force humans to make the choices they do. But my husband…he won’t…”
“I am trying to help her,” Athena said. 
“Why would a demon want to help a human?”
“I don’t,” Athena looked down at her hands, for just a moment almost losing her composure. It was in that moment that she realized how deeply her affections were for Paris. She was willing to help a human, just to help him. 
“But there is one that does,” Athena said, coming to the heady reality that Paris must be in love with Zoe if he was willing to risk his own life in a hopeless attempt to save her. There was nothing these people could do to help. Knowing about Zoe’s background couldn’t possibly help them against the power of the Council. Learning she was a priestess had only made her more of a target for the Hunters.
“Can they really help her?” the woman asked, shaking her head in doubt. Athena could feel the surrender in her aura. It sickened her.
“If anyone could,” Athena said, standing from the couch to settle her stomach, “It would be Paris.”
“There is a book,” the woman said, snapping suddenly out of her sadness. She darted into the other room without another word. Athena could hear her shuffling around somewhere in the house, and she returned a short moment later with a small, cloth covered parcel in her hand.
“My husband was insistent that I keep this from her,” she said, pulling a book free from the fabric, pushing it out to Athena. “He called it the ‘Book of Names’ once…but I’ve never been able to see anything but blank pages. 
Concern shot through Athena. The woman had no idea what she was handing Athena, the power behind such an artifact in the right hands was unimaginable. She had to give it up to Paris. Zoe’s family apparently did have something that could help them. She reached out for the book, eager to obtain such power, her subconscious whispering to use it herself. But as soon as she touched the leather cover, pain shot through the tips of her fingers and carried through her body, almost knocking her to the floor. 
“Perhaps we should keep it covered,” Athena said, taking a couple quick breaths to relieve the pain as she used the fabric to grab the book. This was indeed something that could help save Zoe. But was that what Athena really wanted to do?

Chapter Thirty Seven

“Now, I told you Paris,” Jackson said, as he wagged his finger, his eyes squinting. “I told you not to let this little human obsession interfere with business.”
“I’m pleased to see you survived,” Paris said. He allowed the sarcasm to carry in his words.
“You know,” Jackson said. He stuck a hand inside his buttoned blazer. “I can’t say I blame you. She is a mighty special little human.”
“She doesn’t have to interfere with business,” Paris said, setting his determination to convince himself as much as Jackson. 
“No?” Jackson said, his brows shooting up on his forehead. “Why, the entire royal court practically mauled themselves to death. I’d say that interferes quite a bit.”
Jackson’s smile faded. He reached into the pocket of his blazer, pulling out a small metal cigarette box. He retrieved a hand rolled cigarette from it, then returned it to his pocket. 
“I’m going to need your help,” Paris said. “I can fix this.”
Jackson lit his cigarette and took a long drag. He leaned against the register counter, kicking one foot behind the other as he just stared back at Paris. 
“The court, that is, what’s left of it, will never forgive this,” Jackson said, pointing his hand at Paris in emphasis of his words.
“I don’t need the court’s forgiveness,” Paris said. 
“Paris,” Jackson said, shaking his head with a tsk tsk. He looked out the windows of the storefront. He took a slow and measured draw from his cigarette. “She is a human for crying out loud.”
It was a sentiment that was echoed through every thread of the fabric of his people. For so many centuries they had remained apart from the human race. Observing them with a mix of curiosity and disdain, perplexing as they were down right distasteful. Paris used to share that sentiment, until Zoe came along and screwed it all up. 
“She is different,” Paris said. He hung his head, fully aware that his argument would land on deaf ears. “She isn’t like the rest of her kind.”
“Why, I do believe you are in love with her,” Jackson said. He took another drag from the cigarette and let a smile part his lips. “I do believe so.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Paris scoffed. He would not deny that he had been utterly infatuated with the girl. But that was as far as things went. She would always be a source of wonderment, but that was the extent of it. It had to be. 
“You don’t know what you are talking about,” Paris said. The notion that he loved anyone, especially a human, was absurd. He knew that. But a creeping doubt about his own assuredness gnawed at the back of his mind.
“I’m not being ridiculous,” Jackson said. He flicked the ashes of his cigarette on the floor between them. “I’m not being ridiculous at all.”
Paris had no rebuttal. His behavior certainly indicated that Jackson was right. But Paris just couldn’t allow himself to believe such a thing. This thing he felt for Zoe, it was lust, it was curiosity, it was desire. But it certainly wasn’t love. It just couldn’t be. 
“Once the Council finds a way to kill her,” Jackson said, “we can begin to put this whole mess behind us.”
“The Council will never get their hands on her,” Paris said. His voice rose with the swell of outrage in his chest. He would never turn Zoe over to them. “I won’t allow it.”
“Why, Paris, old friend,” Jackson said, his lips curling upward, “I don’t believe it is up to you.”
A shiver ran down Paris’ spine. 
“What have you done?” Paris spoke through a clenched jaw. He was trying everything he could to keep his composure steady, but there was a knot of fear growing in his stomach.
“Over all these centuries,” Jackson said, exaggerating his words, “I have come to know you, Paris. I know how you conduct business. I know how you close a deal. And, most importantly, I know where you like to hide things. Yes, I do.”
Paris had Jackson by the throat and against the closest wall before another heartbeat thumped. Jackson dangled helplessly in his grip, his cigarette falling from his fingers to the floor. 
“You set me up?” Paris demanded, flexing his fingers, preparing to crush the bones beneath them. He should have known. A client suddenly offering up his soul was just too good to be true. He should have seen it for what it was. A trap.
“You left me no choice,” Jackson choked his words out. Paris threw him aside. He wouldn’t kill Jackson, but he would never speak to him again. The ties were cut as far as Paris was concerned. 
“You can try to run to her,” Jackson said, feeling at his throat, “but the Hunters probably already have her.”

Chapter Thirty Eight

Paris returned to an empty house. There was no sign of a struggle. Only a single book, left carelessly open on the floor. That was all the sign he needed. The Hunters were swift. They struck to kill. He could feel his heart pumping faster and weaker all at the same time. He could smell no blood. Perhaps she was still alive. 
For centuries, he had been able to ward his home from invaders. He diligently secured every inch of it from the prying eyes of the royal court. But in one moment of rushed judgment, he had broken his own rules and let a client in. Paris would deal with that human later for his gross betrayal, but now he needed to find Zoe.
It was entirely his fault. He understood that very well. If he had just left her alone, she wouldn’t be in this trouble. He had to think of something. He couldn’t let her suffer this punishment because of his actions. 
“We don’t have to do this,” Athena said, appearing in his home. “We can just let the Council—“
“No,” Paris said. He wouldn’t even entertain the idea. 
“I thought it was worth suggesting,” Athena said with a shrug of her shoulders. She was eyeing Paris in a peculiar way, sizing him up as she pondered an unspoken question. He looked away from her inquisitive stare.
Paris was lost in his own thoughts. Something wasn’t making sense. Jackson didn’t have the kind of power to do the things he was doing. Even if he knew the location of his home, he didn’t have the power to remove the warding on his own. There was someone backing him, someone very powerful. Paris knew exactly who it was. 
“What did you find?” Paris asked. His mouth asked the question, but his mind doubted the answer would help much. Athena didn’t answer immediately. Paris looked up at her.
Her fiery hair framed the pale skin of her face as she looked at the floor. Paris knew how she felt about him. In another life, he could see a good match there. But from the moment Paris laid eyes on Zoe, he had never even thought of another. Unfortunately, he knew he couldn’t have her. If they managed to get through this alive, there was only one thing he could do. He had to let Zoe go.
“I have not forgotten the proposal,” Paris said, his voice softer than usual. Athena’s eyes shot to him, hopeful and sad at the same time.
“I would not hold you to such a thing,” she said, looking away again, “Knowing what I know now.”
Paris could hear the disappointment behind her words. Athena was a strong, proud demoness who had worked hard and earned her title. Paris respected her immensely for that, and he should be far more interested in her than he was. He moved quickly to her side, grabbing her hands in his, and pulling her closer to him, forcing her to look up at him. 
“Paris,” she said, her voice pleading as she tried to resist his embrace. He felt a crushing guilt in his chest as he forced her closer, her body soon submitting to his touch. He held her like he wanted to hold Zoe.
Athena leaned her head back, looking up at him with a deep longing in her eyes. There were words hanging off her lips, but Paris didn’t give her time to speak them. He kissed her, his hands wrapped passionately in her hair. She put up minimal resistance, quickly relaxing into his kiss. Paris went through all the motions, ones he had gone through a thousand times, with a hundred eager courtiers, but his desire was missing. He felt empty inside. He had made a promise to Athena and as much as it shattered his own stone heart, he had to keep that promise. It was the only prayer of hope that Zoe had, and he would lay down his own desire a thousand times just to save her. 
Paris let his hands travel down to Athena’s ample hips, pulling her even closer. He deepened the kiss, plunging his tongue into her mouth and tasting her. Athena was an attractive creature, with all the pleasures any male would enjoy, but she still couldn’t compare to the tingle of electricity that came with the forbidden touch of Zoe.
“Stop,” Athena tore away from the kiss. Paris could only force himself so far, and it was sorely obvious that he was not interested. “I don’t need you to pretend with me.”
Paris dropped his hand to his side as she pulled away from him. She wiped at her lips and took a moment to compose herself. In spite of her refusal, Paris could sense the arousal in her aura. He felt even worse that he could not respond the way he knew he should be able to. 
“Here,” Athena said, producing a flat rectangular object wrapped in an old blue cloth. She held it out to him. “Her mother called this ‘The Book of Names’.”
“Is that…” Paris looked from the book to Athena, “the Book of Names?”
“I believe it is,” Athena said. Her hand shook a tiny bit, as if the book had suddenly become too heavy for her to hold. Paris reached out for the book, his hand moving in slow motion as he realized the implications.
“Do you think she can read it?” he asked, his voice barely more than a whisper as if he was afraid she would say no. 
“I think we both know the answer to that,” Athena said. Her confirmation finally gave Paris a feeling of hope. If it was indeed the book he thought it to be, Zoe would be saved. Athena yanked it back before his fingers could grab it. 
“All of our names,” she said, her eyes narrowing on Paris. “She will be able to read them all.”
“If the legends are true,” Paris said, with a confirming nod. It was something that haunted his people for as long as Paris had memories. A book, with every true name of every demon that ever existed. 
“And you want to just hand that power over to a human,” Athena said. 
“She is different,” Paris said, “You know that. This is how it has to be.”
Athena hesitated, clutching the book to her chest. Her eyes bore into Paris as she fought with herself for a resolution. Paris gave her the moment to consider it. He knew what he was asking of her. To hand over so much power was not an easy thing to do. 
“I promised I would help you,” Athena said finally, “And I will. Because even though I know you will never love me, I have always loved you.”
Paris knew that empty words of comfort would not be welcome. The best course of action was to just leave things the way they lay.
“Are you ready?” Paris asked, noting the hour of dusk quickly approaching. He didn’t want to drag things out any longer than necessary. 
“I doubt this will even work,” Athena said, “but I’m ready.”
 “Do you remember the weakness I told you about?” Paris asked.
“I can handle Jackson,” Athena said. “You just try not to die before I can give the girl this book.”

Chapter Thirty Nine

Zoe paced, the worn-smooth stone floor like a sheet of ice beneath her feet. Her stomach grumbled. She wasn’t sure what had happened. One moment, she was reading from a book in Paris’ home. The next, she was thrown in here. A room with nothing. No windows. No doors. Just utter darkness and cold stone surrounding her.
The thought that Paris had somehow betrayed her had crossed her mind more than once, and as time slowly ticked by, she became more certain that is what must have happened. She stopped in a corner and slid her back down the wall, bringing her knees into her chest. The buzz of silence filled her ears. She felt like she was spinning. 
A light snapped on. Zoe shielded her eyes, the sudden intrusion burning them after such absolute darkness. Her eyes began to adjust and she forced past the residual pain to take in the room. She looked up into the cold blue stare of a strange creature, with skin so pale and thin it looked like it was made of rice paper. But most disturbing, he had no lips. Just bare skin where a mouth should be. Before Zoe had time to resist, his fingers had clamped down on her shoulder and she was jarred out of her cell. 
When she regained her composure, she saw a demon sitting in an armchair, with a cigar burning in one hand, and a glass of some brown liquid on the side table next to him. 
“Ms. Zoe,” he said, his words instantly disarming. He had a charming smile on his aged, but still handsome, face and Zoe felt a sudden liking to him. Almost as if by magic. 
“Won’t you please have a seat,” he said, motioning to an empty chair across from him. She could feel her guard dropping, in spite of the warning howl she could hear in the back of her mind. 
Zoe felt a sudden desire to do anything he asked. Her body was so weak from everything she had been through, and her mind just couldn’t think clearly. She had so many questions rolling in the fog of her consciousness. But all she could do was happily comply. 
“Can I offer you something to drink?” the demon asked as he gestured to a pitcher of water on the table. Zoe licked her lips, her tongue so thick with thirst she found she couldn’t even utter the word ‘water’. 
“If I am not mistaken,” he said, his brow furrowing, “water is an appropriate beverage for humans.”
“Ye…yes,” Zoe managed to croak out an answer. She tried to blink away the haze of obedience that had come over her, but it didn’t work. He picked up the heavy pitcher and poured it half full with water, holding it out to her.  
She snatched the glass from him and downed its contents in two large gulps. She pulled the glass back with a heavy sigh, and wiped the remaining moisture from her lips. Her tongue darted out to wet them again. 
Zoe sat back in the chair, waiting for him to speak. But he just sat silently, watching her. There was a ghostly polite smile on his lips. His eyes were soft, almost caring. But beneath the charming exterior, something more sinister was hidden. If she tried hard enough, if she just concentrated a little bit, she could feel the darkness that still surrounded her. It was as if she had never left the stone cell. 
“Why am I here?” Zoe asked. She made her voice as solid as she could muster, but even she could hear the weakness behind it. 
“That is a fairly ambiguous question,” he said. He leaned back in his chair and considered Zoe for a moment before continuing. 
“Then let me ask you a less ambiguous question,” she said, her mind starting to come back to her. “Who are you?”
“You may address me as Lord Riyad,” he said, with a small flip of his wrist. “I am a very good friend of Lord Paris.”
The way he said the last part was especially unnerving. 
“Where am I?” Zoe asked, growing bolder as he seemed to be cooperating with her. “Why have I been brought here?”
“You are in the custody of the Council because you have committed a grave offense,” he said. His smile returned. “You are in this room because you have piqued my curiosity.”
“Release me or there will be consequences,” Zoe said, hoping the threat would not sound as empty as she knew it was. 
“Will there?” Riyad said, laughter echoing his words. He took a long draw from the cigar. Zoe could feel her pulse shooting through her fingertips. She could feel it pounding on either side of her throat, rushing her ears, threatening to drown out all other sounds. 
“Things will go much better for you if you cooperate,” Riyad said. “I am a very powerful demon. I can make your life much easier.”
“What do you want?” Zoe said. She narrowed her eyes at him, trying to look menacing. He didn’t answer her right away. Her heart thumped faster. 
“Lord Paris,” he said finally, “there is something unique between you two.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Zoe said, crossing her arms over her chest, the actual truth in those words painful for her to think about.
“I never would have pinned Paris for a human lover,” Mateo said, almost musingly. “But I suppose you never can tell with these things.”
Zoe didn’t reply. She tried to sit stone still in the chair, not show him any fear, weakness or emotion. She tried to emulate Paris, finally understanding why he was so cold, so aloof. He had to be, because this was the world he lived in. It became increasingly difficult not to shift her position uncomfortably as Riyad’s eyes bore steadily through her. 
“He is famous,” he said suddenly, and making Zoe even more uneasy. “Mostly for his brutality. To be entirely honest, I didn’t know he was capable of love.”
“The things I have seen him do to your kind,” Riyad said, leaning forward, “would make your skin crawl, just to hear of them.”
Zoe just turned her head away, tried to block out his words. She wasn’t going to carry on a conversation like this. She didn’t care what he had to say about Paris. He may be a demon, but Zoe knew there was more to him than that. There was something good in him, and it may be lost deep beneath the trappings of his society, but it was in there, begging to get out. She just knew it. 
“I remember,” Riyad continued, wagging a thoughtful finger towards her, “The Dark Ages of your kind. That was a good time to be a demon. Dancing in the streets as the blood pooled between the cobblestone roads of Paris. Your demon lover is from there, you know.”
 “The Reign of Terror,” Mateo said, a sick pleasure purring in his words. “That’s what they called it, and it was all Paris’ handy work.”
Zoe refused to look at him. She knew he would see the hurt and confusion in her eyes. She wondered, for just a moment, if what he was saying was true, if Paris could really do such horrible things. He responded as if he had read her mind. 
“Lord Paris was the sole instigator of it. The entire thing was his idea,” Riyad said, throwing his hands up, his voice carrying amusement. He leaned back in his chair, picking up his glass, swirling the brown liquid before swallowing it down. “It was amazing to watch him work, playing those humans like puppets. They honestly believed they were killing all those people for the good of their republic. I knew then that Paris had real talent.”
“Why are you telling me all of this?” Zoe asked, finally turning to look at him. She fought to keep the tears from falling. He stood, glaring down at her with heavy disapproval written on his brows. 
“I want you to know, Ms. Zoe, exactly what you have gotten yourself into,” he said, before he disappeared, leaving her behind in the room.

Chapter Forty

Paris tried to still the rapid beating of his heart. It felt like a bleeding lump in his chest. He could feel Zoe’s aura, somewhere in the palace, terrified and alone. He had to find her. But before he could even begin his search, he felt the Hunters. Their oppressive presence choked him into stillness. He couldn’t move, could barely even breath. There was nothing he could do. They appeared silently before him. 
Paris wasted no time in attacking. He struck. It was a measured blow to the nearest Hunter. His punch met with little resistance and the creature went flying across the room. Paris had no delusions. He had not landed a good hit. He had only served to make the Hunter angry, and it would soon be returning to retaliate. Paris had to fight them one on one if he was going to have a chance at winning, which meant he had to get right to fighting the remaining Hunter standing next to him. Unfortunately, this one had faster reflexes than his partner, and Paris felt a crushing numbness smack him in the face.
He was on the ground, flat on his back, with an angry Hunter staring him down before he knew what had happened. Paris leapt off the floor, extending his claws to slice at the Hunter. He caught flesh. The dripping wetness of blood filled his grip, but it was only a small scratch, and not enough to stop the next attack from coming. Paris felt his own blood spilling out before he even realized he was hit. This fight had been over from the beginning. He could never hold off two Hunters. The other Hunter now returned to the scuffle, only a breath having passed in his absence. 
Before Paris could swing another hit, he was bound from behind with the iron grip of one of the Hunters. He didn’t even try to struggle. He knew this fight was over. All he could do was be taken into custody, and hope that Athena had been able to reach Zoe.
But the Hunters were not making a move. They stood on either side of Paris, their lipless faces silent. 
And then Riyad appeared before them. Paris hadn’t even felt the approach of his aura. There was something immediately different about him, but Paris couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. 
“You?” Paris asked. He fought to hold himself up. “You called these Hunters on me?”
“What else would you have me do?” Riyad said, his eyes shooting pure hatred at Paris, “to a traitor and a human lover?”
“I never betrayed you,” Paris said, “I had no—“
“I don’t want to hear your excuses,” Riyad said. “Despite what Mateo thinks, we don’t need you.”
Riyad circled around Paris, the Hunters holding him firmly in his place. Paris searched his mind for a way out of this. He had known Riyad for so many centuries, surely he could think of something to say, something that would get through to him.
“I thought of you like a son, you know,” Riyad said. He came back around to the front, facing Paris head on. “It breaks my heart to have to kill you.”
There was no emotion in his face. No concern in his words. They weren’t real, they were only meant to make Paris more uncomfortable. 
“I thought about allowing the Hunters to take care of you, but,” Riyad smiled as his aura began to creep around the room, “I decided, after all we’ve been through, that I should be the one to choke the life out of you.”
The aura snuck up Paris’ legs, like tentacles, attaching itself to every cell on his body and squeezing with an iron grip. He tried to fight it, tried to move his arms and legs against the pain that quickly rushed through him, but the Hunters held him firmly in place. He could feel the life being extracted from him. There was nothing he could do. He was completely powerless against such strength. His sight slowly faded as death began to take him.
“Release Lord Paris,“ he heard Mateo’s voice in the room. Riyad’s aura relented and Paris could suddenly breath again. A moment of hesitation passed between the Hunters before they complied. It took everything he had to stay on his feet. 
“Lord Mateo,” Riyad said, heavy mocking in his voice, “Enjoy that title while you still have it.”
“You will pay for your crimes,” Mateo said. His voice was stern, disapproving, bored. As if he was a father tired of his son’s antics. 
“We’ll see about that,” Riyad said. He rolled up a sleeve, slowly, taking care not to wrinkle his shirt too much in the process. “Shall we just have it out right here?”
“I suppose you would like that,” Mateo said. His eyes shifted onto Paris. He stood, silently considered his options.
“Not quite yet,” he said finally, looking back at Riyad. 
“I’ve got your little human friend,” Riyad said his gaze turning on Paris, a laugh echoing his words, “so don’t run too far.” 
Before Paris had time to respond or resist Mateo had taken him from the room. 

Chapter Forty One

Athena’s pulse was threatening to race, but she refused to allow it. The palace, usually bustling with courtiers, was eerily vacant. She could not sense another aura in the entire place, not even the Grand Elder’s. All the times she had ever been here she could feel the presence of the Grand Elder, hanging over them all like a warm blanket. But now it was gone. She had to find the priestess as quickly as she could. The palace would likely not remain empty for very long. She started by looking in the dungeons.
There weren’t many prisoners. The royal court was swift with it’s prosecution and punishment. The few that remained had been stripped of all power. They would be of no use to her. The human wasn’t there. Athena concentrated on her aura, the heady aroma of her natural being. But there was nothing there. As far as she tried to search, she felt nothing. 
Athena looked at the little cloth package in her hand. There wasn’t a guarantee that the girl could read the book, or that there were even words hidden on the page. She could leave now, escape suspicion and persecution in the event they failed. Because they would fail. She had known that from the beginning.  
For so long, Athena had coveted Paris’ affections. He was the most eligible bachelor in all the court. Every demoness coveted him. Athena wasn’t born of nobility like most of the court. She never thought Paris had even noticed her, until he showed up in her home and proposed mating. She would do anything to reach that dream.
There were only a small number of places the priestess could be. Athena clutched the book tightly. Her senses began to tingle. She felt Jackson’s aura. But something was wrong. It was strong, unusually so, and it was right behind her. She whirled around to face him.
“How did you get here so quickly?” she demanded, unable to hide her shock. There was no way he could have approached her, or been following her without her sensing his approach. She was far older and far more powerful than him. 
“I could ask you why you are here,” Jackson said, circling her with a predatory gleam in his eyes, “but I already know why.”
 His aura had changed. It was powerful. There was someone else helping him. Someone very powerful. There were only a handful of demons that it could be, only a few could support that kind of power transfer. Could it be Paris? Could he have betrayed her? He certainly had the power, and Jackson had been his lapdog for centuries. The thought nearly made her heart skip. But it didn’t make any sense. It was someone else. 
“Jackson,” Athena said, composing herself. “Who’s ass are you licking now?” 
“Did you think you would just waltz in here,” Jackson said, stopping in front of her, “and give the girl that book? Like we would just let that happen?”
“Honestly,” Athena said, “I did.”
She squared her shoulders with Jackson. Even with his newfound powers, she could easily take him. She began to call up her aura, the ancient power that she had carried and nursed for so many centuries. 
“He doesn’t love you,” Jackson said. His lips twitched, threatening to break open into a full smile. “He never has and he never will.”
“The same goes for you,” Athena said, shrugging off the hurt the words had immediately brought and throwing them back at Jackson. It was well known in the court how Jackson had pined over Paris for centuries. In fact, there weren’t many courtiers that hadn’t. 
“You don’t know what we had together,” Jackson said. His eyes turned dark, his face a fallen mask of disappointment. “Until that filthy human came along and cast some sort of spell over him.”
Athena could see her chance. Jackson was lost for just a moment in his despondency. His eyes had slipped away from her. His shoulders slumped slightly. She flexed her claws. She would strike to kill. His eyes suddenly shot back up at her. His attention was once again focused. She had missed a good opportunity. But she would make another one, and this time she wouldn’t miss. 
“You are awfully cocky for someone who is about to die,” Jackson said. His voice had taken on a steady, confident quality that made her very uneasy. 
“You couldn’t…” Athena couldn’t even get a rebuttal out. Searing pain shot into the small of her back. Her face contorted at the pain, and she couldn’t stop her mouth from screaming. Her eyes locked onto Jackson. It wasn’t possible for him to move that fast. 
As she sputtered up blood, looking down to see the clawed hand sticking through her abdomen, she tried to curse her cowardly attacker. Her body collapsed to the floor as the hand was withdrawn. She began to quickly bleed out. 
The pain that wracked her body was rapidly overtaken by a blissful numbness that left her unable to move. Only her eyes could gaze up at the demon that had so viciously attacked her from behind. Riyad reached down and snatched the book from her hand. 
“Get the girl,” he said calmly to Jackson. “Mateo won’t be far behind me.”

Chapter Forty Two

Paris had only been in Mateo’s office a handful of times, usually with Riyad, and only ever on matters of the court. The heavy cloak of Mateo’s aura permeated every fiber in that space, wrapping itself around Paris like a wispy spider’s web. It was enough to downright terrify him. 
“Have a seat,” Mateo said, sitting behind his desk and gesturing for Paris to do the same. Paris wanted to resist the command, but he felt the crushing weight of Mateo’s powers of compulsion. His legs began to move of their own accord. Only his heart moved on it’s own, and it began to race. 
“There is no need to be fearful, Lord Paris,” Mateo said. “I have always respected you, whatever our personal differences. You are a good agent. No one can deny that. And you have been groomed for higher office your whole life.”
Paris tried to move his lips and tongue, but he couldn’t. He tried with all his might to form words, but all his efforts were futile. He willed his body to move, pushing everything he had into his hands and barely shifting a finger.
“Do you wish to talk?” Mateo asked with a cocked eyebrow. Paris felt the grip that held his mouth shut relaxing. 
“Leave Zoe out of this,” Paris said. “None of this was her fault.”
“Zoe?” Mateo asked, his eyes widening. Paris realized only too late how obvious the emotion behind his words were. 
“You…care for this creature,” Mateo said. He sat back, examining Paris. His clawed finger ran gently across his lower lip. His eyes narrowed on Paris. For a long moment, nothing happened. Paris could not move, could not speak. Only his heart thumped in his chest. 
“I could never manage such a thing,” Mateo said finally, shaking his head as if to clear it, “but the human is not important at the moment.”
Paris fought against Mateo’s stranglehold, pushing with all the power he could muster to force it out. Every muscle in his body was tensed, quickly becoming overexerted as he tried to regain control of his own body. 
 “Relax,” Mateo said, his voice sharp. Paris sucked in a heavy breath, finally released from the crushing power that held him. “They cannot, and will not harm the human just yet.”
“They?” Paris asked. He couldn’t keep his shoulders from slumping forward as he continued to take in heavy breaths.
“Riyad,” Mateo said, his voice so acidic it almost sizzled as he spoke. He stood from his desk and turned away from Paris. “You should not have fought against my aura so intensely. I need you fresh.”
“Let me go to her,” Paris said. He tried to leave the room, to return to the palace, but Mateo still had some hold over him. 
“She has the strangest effect on you,” Mateo said. He turned around to face Paris, his eyes stern. “She has apparently stripped away your common sense. Riyad will kill you the moment he lays eyes on you.”
“What do you want with me?” Paris said, shaking his head. There was no case to be made for him, nothing he could say that would help. He was as good as dead. Paris couldn’t match up to Mateo’s immense power. 
“Though I am loathe to admit it,” Mateo said, “Riyad is more powerful than I, and I can not defeat him on my own.”
Paris thought he had heard wrong. His entire being was so concentrated on Zoe, that he hadn’t even considered the repercussions that were rippling through the court. He felt like he had just been yanked back home from a distant world in which he remembered nothing of his old self. 
“The Grand Elder,” Paris said, suddenly noticing the absence of the presence that Paris had felt since the moment he was brought into existence. A chill worked its way through Paris. 
“Riyad,” Mateo said. “As soon as he learned of the human’s abilities, he poisoned our king.”
“But…” Paris said, shaking his head as he tried to understand. “There was no succession ceremony. All the power of our ancestors…lost. Surely Riyad would not sacrifice—“
“With that book Athena was able to locate,” Mateo said, “and the girl to read from, that’s all he needed. He can gain more power through her than by becoming the Grand Elder.”
“What are you suggesting?” Paris asked. He wouldn’t waste words asking how Mateo even knew about the book. It meant that Athena was likely dead, and Zoe’s time was running short. He didn’t care about the petty details right now. All he cared about was saving Zoe.

Chapter Forty Three

The days and hours had begun to blur together for Zoe. She reasoned it had been days since she had been given food. Her body was so weak, but her mind was surprisingly sharp. She had given up on Paris coming to rescue her. She couldn’t blame him. It was all her fault. She offered him the contract. She tried to use a binding spell on him. This was her punishment for being so impetuous.  
As her mind went deeper and deeper into despair, a familiar face appeared before her. He had a grin on his face, as he looked down at her. 
“It’s time you come with me now,” Jackson said, his southern drawl making the words feel even sicker to Zoe. There was something different about him from the last time she saw him. His entire disposition had shifted. She could feel the power radiating from him. 
“Where is Paris?” she asked. Jackson shook his head. Her heart fell out of her stomach and onto the floor.
“Is he alright?” she asked, feeling more and more uneasy. 
He was quiet, as if he was thinking about his answer very carefully. With every passing second Zoe grew more and more anxious. 
“’Alright’ is a matter of perspective,” Jackson said. He puckered his lips. “He’s alive…for the moment.”
“Why are you doing this?” Zoe asked. 
“We could have been so great together,” he said. His eyes narrowed on Zoe. “I will never know why he would throw everything away for a wispy creature like you.”
Zoe understood. She should have seen it sooner. Paris was such a charismatic character. He drew attention, and desire. Zoe had felt the overwhelming attraction first hand. Jackson thought of himself as more than just a partner to Paris. He was in love with him. 
“Killing me won’t make him love you back,” she said, the calmness in her voice surprising her as much as Jackson. He took a step back from her, his eyes flashing with a moment of shock, then turning cold and angry. 
“We are past that now,” Jackson said, regaining his composure. “Paris did what he thought he needed to. And I can respect that. Now, I must do what I need to do.”
He reached out to grab her. Zoe tried to dart away from him, but there was nowhere to run. His body slammed into hers, his speed nearly breaking her neck and she collapsed to the floor, pain jolting into her bones in multiple places. 
“I can’t kill you just yet,” Jackson said, looming over her, “but when the time comes, I’m going to enjoy hearing you scream.”
His fingers clamped around the thick of her arm, squeezing unnecessarily tight. Zoe felt the nauseating sensation of being dragged through space at a rapid speed. 
She got her bearings and took in the room they were now in. Riyad stood before them, a scowl on his face. Zoe swallowed hard. Her stomach churned when she tried to look him in the eyes. 
Jackson tossed Zoe at his feet like she was made of rags. Zoe tried to pick herself up off the floor, tried to scoot away from the terrifying demon that loomed above her, but she couldn’t move. She was frozen in place. 
“Mateo will be here shortly,” Riyad said, his eyes focused on Zoe.
She could feel a presence in the room. It felt so familiar. It felt like home. Bad memories rushed her and she shook her head clear. Now was not the time for her to dwell on the past. She shrugged off the feeling.
“I hate to be a pest,” Jackson said, “but how do you know she won’t just read our names?”
Riyad looked up at Jackson slowly. He stared silently at him for just a moment before his eyes shifted back onto Zoe. He reached out to her, his fingers hooking under her chin. She yanked her face away from his grasp. A smile crossed his lips.
“I’m sure I can find something to motivate her,” he said, his words were soft, spoken more to Zoe than to Jackson. She couldn’t stop her body from shuddering in response. 
“I would never help you,” Zoe said. She spit the words as angrily as she could muster and glared up at Riyad with her lips pulled tight. He straightened his back. 
“You will help me,” he said, raising his eyebrows. He held up a rectangular cloth package. “You will read me the names on these pages.”
Zoe had never felt such darkness in all her life. His words lodged themselves in her ears, scratched their way into her brain. All other thoughts were blocked out. She felt the pounding of her heart against her ribcage. She clenched her jaw against the soul shattering fear that he had invoked. The words were spoken with little emotion, yet the threat behind them was clear. 
Just when she thought she would explode with the pressure that had worked its way into her head, her eyes landed on a sight that made her heart leap. 
Paris. He came for her. 

Chapter Forty Four

“This has been a long time coming,” Riyad said, as he turned away from the human to face Mateo. The words he spoke were true, though Mateo was still not entirely prepared for this fight. He never would have thought he would be fighting next to Paris, of all demons. 
“Let’s not wait any longer,” Mateo said. He lashed out with his claws. Riyad easily dodged the blow, regaining his footing quickly. Mateo felt a slicing pain cut into the flesh of his arm. The smell of blood filled the air. His blood.
Mateo ignored the stinging in his shoulder, and rushed Riyad. But he was too eager to feel blood. His opponent easily parried the blow. A hot rush of claws ripped into his chest. He pulled away. Blood oozed down Mateo’s torso. It was a deep wound, but he would survive it. He pushed the pain away, retaliating the blow quickly with his own attack. He failed to hit his mark.
“If you surrender now,” Riyad said, in the pause between their strikes, “I will kill you quickly.”
Mateo strengthened his stance and accelerated his power. His fingers tightened into a fist. He planted his foot in front of him, his body twisting at the waist. Every muscle tensed, pulsing with power. He pulled his hand back, then swung it forward with as much force as he could put behind it. The punch found its mark and knocked Riyad’s head back. Mateo took the opening, his other hand wrapping around Riyad’s throat. He tightened his grip. 
“You were always so jealous of me,” Mateo said, leaning in close to him.
“I was never jealous,” Riyad said. He shoved Mateo away, sustaining a small scratch on either side of his neck. His eyes burned like two hot coals. “You took what was mine.”
“I did what needed to be done,” Mateo said with a shrug. “Don’t get emotional on me now.”
Mateo’s cheek stung before he even registered the punch. Riyad was even faster than he remembered. Before Mateo could recover from the first punch, he felt a second land on his other cheek, rapidly followed by another in the center of his face. Riyad stepped back. Mateo wiped at the blood that trickled down his nose. 
“You took her soul,” Riyad said, his teeth clenched tightly. His anger had completely overtaken his aura. “She didn’t deserve it…she was innocent…”
His words trailed off, and for a moment it looked like he was going to give up. His shoulders slumped forward and his eyes turned to his feet. But before Mateo could make any argument, he felt a crunching punch land in his gut. The wind was knocked right out of his lungs and he stumbled back. He struggled for breath, his chest constricting until it finally opened to allow a rush of air in. He straightened his stance, sucking in a couple quick breaths.
“I didn’t force her to sign anything,” Mateo said, his lips forming a smile as he spoke, “and as I recall, she rather enjoyed laying beneath me.”
Riyad’s eyes clouded over with raw hatred. His lips twitched upward in a disgusted growl as the memories of the past came back to him. Mateo could feel his control slipping. His mind was being rapidly overtaken by the centuries of hatred and desire for revenge that he had fostered. 
“You tricked her,” Riyad growled, his hands clenched into tight fists. “You only took her because I cared for her.”
“No,” Mateo said, “I took her from you because it never would have worked. She was human. We had big plans. She only would have messed that up.”
“She didn’t deserve it,” Riyad said, talking more to his chest than to Mateo. “We could have been together.”
“Well,” Mateo said, pushing against Riyad’s aura, “you can join your human soon, in hell.”

#

Paris ignored the fighting, his attention squarely on Jackson. They had their own score to settle. Paris could feel the new power in his aura. It was enough to make him just as powerful as Paris. But that didn’t mean he knew how to use it. 
“So this is how you want things to end?” Paris said, his attention split between Jackson and Zoe, who looked too weak to stand. 
“No, no,” Jackson said with a sharp shake of his head. “This is your own fault now, Paris. I tried to tell you. Now, I did. I really did.”
Paris began to release his aura. It was met quickly with Jackson’s. But whereas Paris’ was calm, calculated, and completely under his control, Jackson’s was wild. It burned red hot like an iron in the fire, singeing a path right through Paris. It was painful, but Paris took the blow. He maintained the calmness of his aura.  
Jackson flashed an impish smirk when he felt his tiny victory. His aura vibrated wildly around the room. Paris felt it tickling against his skin, but he still did not allow the power of his own aura to intervene. It wouldn’t be much longer. Jackson’s power would be depleted very quickly if he couldn’t focus it. The smirk faded from Jackson’s lips.
“You could barely control the little power you had,” Paris said. “What makes you think more will help you?”
Jackson hissed angrily at Paris. His aura rapidly weakened. Paris took the moment to attack. He concentrated the force of his aura and sent it straight for Jackson. His hit found its mark and knocked Jackson off his feet. It wasn’t much of an injury, but Paris was holding back. He didn’t want to kill Jackson quite yet, though he easily could have. Jackson scrambled to his feet, coughing as the air came back into his lungs. 
“Why, Paris?” Jackson asked, his words coming out in a pathetic sputter. “Tell me, why? You throw everything away for her. For a human.”
“Because without her,” Paris said. “I may as well have nothing.”
“Aw, come now, Paris,” Jackson said. He wiped at his lip, regained some of his composure and straightened his clothes with a jerk. His lips were pulled tight in an angry thin line. “You’ve always got me.”
Jackson flung himself at Paris, his closed fist grazing his cheek. Paris grabbed Jackson by the wrist before he had time to draw back from the punch. He could see the surprise in Jackson’s wide eyes as he pulled him closer.
“I don’t want you,” Paris whispered into Jackson’s ear. He pushed him back with a hard shove, deciding not to strike him.

#

Mateo used his aura to quickly heal the gaping wound in his chest. He had to sacrifice some of his power to do it, but he had no choice. He had seriously underestimated Riyad. 
No sooner had the wound closed over, Riyad attacked again, aiming for the same spot on his chest. This time, Mateo stepped to the side just enough to avoid injury. He grabbed Riyad by the collar of his shirt, pushing his head toward the ground. A heartbeat passed. Mateo slammed his knee into his chest. He didn’t stop with a single hit. His knee pummeled Riyad’s ribs as he held him still. Every contact reverberated with the snapping crackle of bones breaking. Finally, Mateo released him.
Riyad fell to the ground, clutching at his side. 
“Nearly three thousand years,” Mateo said, his words heavily winded, “and you are still whining about that stupid girl.”
Mateo kicked Riyad while he was still trying to pick himself off the ground. 
“Honestly,” Mateo said, “I don’t know what you saw in her. She’s barely worth the price I paid for her soul.”
Mateo felt the pressure of Riyad aura entering him. It was dark, bitter and toxic. The desire for revenge overwhelmed it. The pressure of his essence pushed its way into every vein in Mateo’s body, forcing them to near bursting. His eyes slowly blacked over. 
“She was mine,” Riyad said. His aura grew stronger. Mateo pushed back on it with his own power. Riyad stood, straightening his back and with another throb of his aura, healed his ribs.
“No,” Mateo said, taunting him, “she was mine. And she still is.”
Blackness began to close in around Mateo. He could smell the metallic aroma of blood. It trickled from his nose. His lungs closed and his aura began to recede. He wouldn’t be able to resist much longer. 

#

Paris spared a glance at Zoe. She was leaning heavily against the wall for support. He could feel the hunger and exhaustion thick in her aura. He wanted to go to her. To get her out of here and far away, into safety. But he couldn’t. All he could do was fight for her, and his own life as well. He could feel Mateo’s aura fading. This had to end, and quickly. 
It would be fairly easy for Paris to overwhelm Jackson with his aura. But Paris was thirsty for revenge and he wanted to feel blood dripping down his claws. He moved quicker than Jackson could follow, striking him square in the face with a clenched fist. Jackson flew back, hitting the wall behind him. But Paris didn’t give him a chance to hit the floor. His fingers wrapped around Jackson’s neck, and Paris slammed him repeatedly into the wall. 
Paris released Jackson’s limp body, hovering over him as he gasped for breath on the floor. He was going to give him a moment to recover, a moment to allow the pain of injury to subside, then he was going to do it all over again. 
But Jackson recovered quicker than Paris was expecting. He leapt off the floor, claws extended. Jackson’s blow caught Paris on the chin. It tore through the thin flesh of his face. His own blood soaked the front of his shirt. But the injury was only superficial, and before Jackson had retreated from the blow, Paris grabbed him by the arm and pulled him into a balled fist. The force of the single punch made Jackson hit the ground. 
This time Paris wasn’t going to allow Jackson to recover. He was done playing. His aura pulsed and his chin was healed. He pulsed it again, and Jackson began to squirm. Paris focused the full force of his aura on Jackson.
It only took a brief moment. Jackson cried out. A wimpy, anguished cry. And then he lay still. Dead. Paris turned around slowly to face Riyad. Mateo was lying in a heap on the floor, unconscious but still alive.
“I guess it’s just you and me,” Riyad said. There was a strange calm in his voice. A peace that Paris had never heard before. 
“It doesn’t need to be like this,” Paris said. He had been focused on Jackson, but he was still aware of what had gone on in the room around him. “You once cared for a human—“
“And that is why I know,” Riyad said. He took a step towards Zoe. “It has to be like this, Paris. If I couldn’t have her, neither can you.”

Chapter Forty Five

Paris put himself between Zoe and Riyad. He didn’t stand a chance and he knew that. But he would die trying to protect Zoe. He could hear the steady but rapid thumping of her heart. She was afraid.
“Step away, Paris,” Ryadd said. His words held compassion. He spoke as if trying to convince an old friend. It threw Paris off for a moment. “I’ll kill her quickly. Painlessly.”
Paris heard Zoe whimper. He smelled the spike of fear in her aura. 
 “We both know I can’t do that,” Paris said. His eyes shifted to the crumpled form of Mateo and his heart sank a little bit. He had expected the old demon to put up a bit more of a fight. Paris forced his fear aside and tried to compose himself. He couldn’t just allow Zoe to die. 
“I would rather we both come away from this alive,” Riyad said. “I’m going to need you.”
“Forget you ever laid eyes on Zoe,” Paris said, knowing full well his proposal wouldn’t be accepted, “and you have a deal.”
“In another life,” Riyad said, with a musing smile on his lips, “I was in your place.”
Before Paris had time to fully comprehend the words, he felt a heavy weight shifting his body. He hit the far wall with a crack. His lungs slammed shut. Paris gasped for air, but nothing would come. He was frozen to the spot, every muscle in his body clenched to a painful exertion. Riyad was invading him, slowly killing him. Paris fought the crushing aura. He vaguely caught Zoe screaming, but his eyes couldn’t focus on her. He would be dead very soon.
Then, it stopped, as suddenly as it began. Paris was weak. He crumpled to the floor. He had several broken ribs and a broken arm. He could feel his own blood covering him, but there was so much pain he couldn’t pinpoint the injury. The pain kept him pinned to the floor, barely able to breath. There was no way he could heal himself from this. It was just too much damage. Perhaps if he had time, but he didn’t have that.
Riyad turned away from Paris. His attention settled on Zoe. She took a step back as he took a step towards her. A pit settled in Paris’ stomach. He could smell the rank stench of her fear as Riyad closed quickly in on her. Paris had to get up. Had to make his broken body work and try to defend Zoe. He slid his legs under him and pushed himself off the ground with great effort. 
“I won’t let you hurt her,” Paris said. He forced his knees to be strong under the crushing weight of his energy. He pulsed his aura, healing some of his more superficial wounds. 
“You think you can stop me?” he said, turning back to face Paris. Riyad’s aura snaked around him and clenched tightly. Paris felt his ribs begin to crack again. Then, the force relented. Paris felt the air reentering his lungs. 
Zoe pounced on Riyad’s back, pounding with balled fists. With a swift hand, Riyad pulled her off and tossed her across the room. She hit the far wall and fell to the floor, laying still. 
Paris didn’t have anytime to mourn for Zoe, or even wonder if she was still alive. Riyad was on him. He was so powerful, so fast. Paris took wave after wave of punches, kicks, and gashes. He collapsed on the floor in the momentary respite from Riyad’s attacks. Paris couldn’t move. All he could do was look helplessly up at Riyad. He reached back, preparing to deliver a deathblow. 
“Azazel,” a voice said. It was soft. It floated around the room as if it was a tune in the breeze. Riyad was frozen. A pink light surrounded him, growing and pulsating. Zoe stood behind him, the Book of Names in her hands. 
“I know your true name,” Zoe said, slamming the book shut and locking eyes with Riyad. He howled in outrage, but he could not move. Zoe had found his true name. She had complete control over him. He couldn’t move, couldn’t attack. A raging fire engulfed his body.
“I command your soul,” Zoe said, spitting the words out with disgust. The ground shook and the air grew hot. “And you can go to hell.”
Riyad shrieked wildly, the sound of his pain agonizing to hear. The flames danced around him as he thrashed about, the tendrils licking the ceiling. The fire burst throughout the room and Paris tensed, expecting the touch of the flames to singe him, but he was left unharmed. When the flames cleared, Riyad was gone. Paris could no longer feel the massive pressure of his aura occupying the room. 
“It opened right to the page I needed,” Zoe said as she looked at Paris, as if she needed to explain herself. Paris could still feel the fright in her aura. 
“You and your damned books,” he said, choking on his words. It was enough to calm her anxiety. Her lips parted into a smile. A soft, happy smile of contentment. 
But before Paris could revel in their victory, Mateo appeared behind Zoe. His blood covered hands wrapped around her head. He snapped her neck with the ease of a skillful assassin. Paris could only muster a garbled, blood spackled howl of pure anguish.

Chapter Forty Six

Paris tried to heal himself, sending his aura out around him like a protective shell. His wounds closed and bones began to fuse back together. But he had exerted too much energy to do anything but keep him barely alive. He would be out of energy soon and he would succumb to his injuries. But he didn’t care. He pushed all that away and tried to hobble his way to Zoe’s lifeless body.
“I did what I had to,” Mateo said. His words were winded. His body was beginning to heal itself from the injuries Riyad had inflicted. Paris scooped Zoe’s lifeless body into his broken arms. He felt the most foreign stinging sensation behind his eyes and he finally knew what the desire to cry felt like. He forced the tears to remain behind his eyes.
“No,” Paris said. His blood dripped onto Zoe’s face, but he didn’t have the strength to wipe it away. 
“She would have killed us all,” Mateo said. “You saw what she did to Riyad. I could not allow her to live.”
Paris didn’t speak. He couldn’t even think of words to say. His mind was numb with emotional and physical pain. All he could do was clutch Zoe’s body. He fell to his knees.
“No,” Paris managed to choke out. He would never fully understand Zoe, or how she had so completely entranced him. Paris dealt with humans every day of his long life. But Zoe was first one that had seen him exactly as he was, and hadn’t flinch away from him. 
“This is the way things must be, Paris,” Mateo said. “Our people have been decimated by this. And I’m going to need you. The human would only get in the way.”
The logical side of Paris’ mind had already worked things out the same way that Mateo had. But there was a new side to Paris. A side that burned with the agony of his loss. A side that, no matter how much he understood what Mateo had done, would never forgive him for killing Zoe. Paris laid her body carefully down on the floor, his eyes lifting up to Mateo. 
“You can save her,” Paris said. Hope leapt in his chest as Mateo didn’t instantly refuse. A demon with Mateo’s status and power could certainly reanimate the recently deceased with little effort. “Save her and I will do whatever you ask.”
“No,” Mateo said. He shook his head, his shoulders slumping forward. His voice was firm, yet it lacked harshness. “I’m afraid I will not do that, Paris.”
“You can keep the goddamned book,” Paris said, flinging it at him, his anger rising as each second passed. The longer they waited, the harder it would be to bring her back. He could still feel her aura hanging around the room, but it was weakening quickly.
“It’s not the book,” Mateo said, “It’s the hold she has on you, Paris. I cannot have a Grand Elder with a soft spot for a flighty human girl. I’ll allow you to mourn whatever it is this human meant to you. But I expect your cooperation shortly.”
“No,” Paris said, his determination already set. He knew now what he had to do. Never in all his years did he think he would even consider doing such a thing. But he had to save Zoe. That’s the only thing that mattered to him now. Mateo only wanted Paris for the support that his power would lend. 
“Paris,” Mateo said, his voice rising in concern. “Do not…”
It was too late. There was nothing Mateo could do or say to stop Paris. He had already begun the process. He would turn his back on his own people, throw away his title, his riches, his power, everything for Zoe. To bring her back from the precipice of passing.
Paris felt his power draining. It pulled from deep inside his badly injured chest. He howled at the pain, but it continued to pull. The collection of souls that he had spent centuries cultivating, hoarding with a passion, were slowly leaking through his grasp. He would sacrifice all his years to gain her life back.
The pain of his injuries increased. His body was suddenly frail, weak. It was a feeling he had never felt before. He felt mortal for once in his supposedly immortal life. He brushed a hand across Zoe’s cheek, the movement shooting pain through him. 
“You are a fool!” Mateo said with a hiss. Paris could barely feel the pressure of Mateo’s aura. His senses were so dulled with the sudden shift of his power. For a moment, Paris tensed, waiting for Mateo to strike him. But the blow never came. Instead, Mateo disappeared, leaving Paris alone with Zoe’s rapidly chilling body.
Paris waited for what seemed like an eternity. Waiting for her to breath, move, blink, anything. Waiting for the warmth to return to her cheeks. But she remained stiff. He could barely feel her aura now and he knew she was close to passing on entirely. If she didn’t want to return, all his power could do nothing to help her. He knew it was a long shot before he had tried it. But if he had to live without Zoe, he would rather it be a short life. 
Then he heard it. It was faint. It was only one, but he heard it. A heartbeat, followed quickly by another. Then another. He felt the life breathing back into her and his heart skipped a beat, for only the second time in his life. 

Chapter Forty Seven

Zoe carefully arranged a bowl of steaming ramen noodles with a spoon, a napkin, and a glass of water on a serving tray. She shuffled into the other room, balancing the tray, to find Paris just waking up. His injuries were healing, but very slowly. 
“I’m still a demon,” Paris said, struggling to sit up. “I don’t require food.” 
“I know. It’s for me,” Zoe said. She smiled broadly at Paris as she set the tray down and took a seat beside him on the bed.
Zoe couldn’t remember anything that had happened after she banished Riyad to hell. Paris had told her numerous times, but she still couldn’t quite grasp the idea that she had died. She certainly didn’t feel like she had died. 
“Paris,” Zoe said. Her eyes dropped down to her hands, resting in her lap. She didn’t know asking the question made her anxious, but she couldn’t look at Paris. “You can still take years? Make deals and stuff?”
“I retain many of my abilities,” Paris said, cocking his head at her question. “But my years will be that of a normal human life span.” 
His voice was low, and Zoe caught the sadness in it. The rare show of emotion made it especially hard for her to stomach the fact that it was all her fault. Zoe didn’t know what to say. Her heart was torn in two directions. She had gotten what she never even knew she wanted. But it came at the expense of everything Paris had ever wanted. 
“I’m sorry,” Zoe said, shaking her head. “If I hadn’t—“
“Stop,” Paris said, his finger forcing her lips to stop speaking. “You are safe now. That is all that matters to me.” 
Her heart pumped a little faster. She could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks. For once in her life, she felt like she could finally breath. 
“You’re certain Mateo won’t come back for me?” Zoe asked, still afraid to bask in her happiness. 
“I no longer mean anything to him,” Paris said, “He has far larger concerns. Besides, if he ever does come back, you have the book.”
Zoe had been able to find Riyad’s true name so easily. All she had to do was little more than wish for his name to appear, and there it was, on the page like magic. But she had since tried to read it again, and found it a bit more difficult. The names that appeared were mostly too blurry to read. It hurt her eyes to look at the pages. Zoe shook her head.
“Were you able to read any other names?” Paris asked. The question was a simple one, deceptively straightforward. But Zoe knew what Paris was really asking her.
“I didn’t see your name,” she said, unable to stop a smirk from parting her lips. She hadn’t really looked, and at this point, it wouldn’t matter much if she did. She didn’t care what his true name was, she would love him forever and a day and nothing could ever change that.
Paris leaned in closer to her. He brushed back a lock of her hair, getting his lips as close to her ear as he could. He whispered a single word, loud enough only for her to her. His true name. 

The End

Authors Afterword

The sequel for The Blood Calls is now available for preorder on Amazon! Look for The Blood Burns, official release date March 7th. 

For more information about other works, release dates, and sequel notifications, please visit my website at www.raqueldove.com  




