

Servants and Followers



The Legends of Arria: Volume 2


Courtney Bowen








Smashwords Edition
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, 
events, and places either are the products of the author’s 
imagination or are used fictitiously.

SERVANTS AND FOLLOWERS

Copyright © 2014 by Courtney Bowen
Cover image: Woman on the stairs by Caspar David Friedrich

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be
used or reproduced without written permission
from the author, except in cases of brief quotations
embodied in critical articles and reviews.


First edition: 2014



For those I do not know and those I do
Who would take a look inside and see
What they might find. Many thanks.

Table of Contents
Part One: Coe Anji
Chapter 1: Day and Night
Chapter 2: Fato
Chapter 3: Walking Duck Inn
Chapter 4: The Warehouse
Chapter 5: In Between
Chapter 6: Joining
Chapter 7: The Story

Part Two: Coe Aela
Chapter 8: Welcome
Chapter 9: Night Encounters
Chapter 10: Harmless
Chapter 11: Gnat’s Run
Chapter 12: Man of Principle
Chapter 13: Revelations

Part Three: Coe Wina
Chapter 14: Together Until the End
Chapter 15: Fire on the Mountain
Chapter 16: Cacophony Chaos
Chapter 17: A Purpose



Part One: Coe Anji
Chapter 1: Day and Night
What do we lose when someone leaves us?
Do we lose a piece of ourselves, gone forever?
Do we lose our sense of place, our focus on others?
Or do we lose nothing but the person’s presence?
--Loss, Mirandor

In a quiet room, which once had been full of laughter, Habala sat down upon the empty bed and opened up a book entitled Legends of Arria, from which she read:

Night and Day Origin Myth:
Day and Night first appeared as two birds: white and black, dark and bright, though there was nothing to tell them apart. They were the same to each other when there was no light in the world, no sun, and no moon to reflect the sun in darkness. There was not even darkness either, just mist, when darkness could not exist without the sun and light to detract it. Day and Night could not see each other in the mist, nor could they see the ocean and the sky that surrounded them, as these were the only places that existed in the world when the land had not risen yet. But they could feel, and Day and Night flew through the sky side-by-side when they could sense one another, and knew that the other one existed. They loved each other for that reason. 
They dived down into the ocean, side-by-side with each other, to fish out what little remnants they could find to eat. One day, Day or Night went down first to catch whatever was beneath them. For whatever reason, the other did not wait for its partner, did not realize that its partner had not followed it forward, and so remained in the sky and continued flying. By that point, they were lost to each other. 
They could not sense where the other had gone, for though their senses might have been accurate enough to catch traces of each other, they kept on flying as rapidly or as slowly as they had before they lost each other. They flew constantly, and could not stop and rest now to search for each other from afar, and to think about what to do next, because there was nowhere to stop and rest without land, nor any light to guide them.
Day and Night fell and rose in search of one another, went left or right, went backwards or forwards, and never met. Sometimes they missed each other by a few inches or a few seconds, going past one another in opposite directions as, whenever they did sense where the other one had been before, they went straight there and did not pause to wait for the other one to catch up with them eventually. Day went down to look for Night, and Night came up to look for Day, both at the same time. 
The distance grew between them as their constant flight meant they had to keep going in whatever direction they took, and the opposite direction was eventually the one they took. Soon, they were at opposite ends of the world, the furthest they could ever be from one another. 
Finally, they turned toward one another, they sensed each other across the vast distance of sky, and sped toward one another at the point where the water met the clouds on the horizon. Eager to be reunited after their long separation, they did not slow down, and Day and Night collided in mid-air. The impact of their mating shook the sky, and the sun and the moon spiraled forth from their collision. The stars and raindrops pattered down like semen from their embrace, and an egg was dropped from one of them that would become the seed of the world.
Light came into the world from the sun, shining through the grayness of the mist, which was dissipating for the first time. The ocean and the sky were shown, with all of the colors now visible as the sun started to set, and then the sun rose for the first time with darkness in between. The magnificence of the sunset and the sunrise were in honor of Day and Night.
Day and Night saw each other for the first time as light came into the world, and marveled at each other and the differences in between, for Day was white and black with different shades of color in between, and Night was dark and bright with different shades of light in between. 
However, Day and Night had been cracked with this union. For though they were joined end to end, with the sun setting or rising in between them, they were separated by the barrier of the sun and the differences between them. They could not coincide anymore without an eclipse of the sun, or some other strange phenomenon in the sky.
So they parted as much as they were able, with the sun shining bright and the darkness in between, yet they longed to join together again, as they had before the sun, without anything in between them. So they continued, Day and Night meeting each other with each sunrise and sunset, Day mimicking Night, and Night mimicking Day as much as they were able to, but it was never the same as it had been before light came into the world.

Habala sighed to herself before she closed the Legends of Arria book that had belonged to Basha and stored it back on the shelf beside the bed that he and Oaka had shared for so many years, ever since she and her husband had first started tucking them in at night. Basha would not want to have this book misplaced. She hoped that Basha and Oaka might come back here, to sleep in this bed and read from this book again. She shook her head. It had been several days since they had left, but still she could not shake off the feeling that they might come walking in through the front door of the inn, laughing at the prank they had just pulled, how they had just spent several days camping out in the woods a few miles outside of town, with Sir Nickleby watching out for them, instead of lost out there in the world, with Sir Nickleby as their only guide. 
She trusted the knight just as much as her husband did, when he was a good man who had watched out for her sons while training them, but he was just getting so old. Would he always be there to watch out for them? Would he always be able to protect them? Would he trust them too much, thinking that her sons were able to fend for themselves without him? She knew that he was a good man, but she did not trust him enough with her sons’ lives, especially when they were going to…she didn’t even want to think about it. The Wastelands were such a desolate, dangerous place, occupied by Doomba and all of his creatures, and no human had ever returned from that place alive, as far as she knew of.
She stormed out of her sons’ bedroom, wiping away her tears as she shut the door tight behind her, to seal in the memories and seal off the passage of time, the desecration of such memories. She went down the hallway to the back door, out into the stable yard and into the shed that she claimed as her own, where she fixed and made clocks of all types, just like her father had done in the farmhouse that they had once lived in together. 
She picked up one of her clocks and stared at it, fixated not upon its features, which she had recognized immediately and had memorized already by heart for having created them, but upon her memories instead. She remembered those happy times of childhood, the tricks of the trade that she had learned sitting upon her father’s lap, the goats that they had raised in the barnyard, until the darkness had descended upon them and they had been forced to leave the farm behind, moving away from the forest to Coe Baba. Her troubles in life had begun then.
Ever since she had married Geda, and they had started to raise Basha and Oaka together, she had retreated to the shed every once and awhile, just for a few short hours to tinker and mend and create her clocks, away from her sons and her husband. A few short hours of peace and privacy for herself, it was nothing much, to remember her past before she was wed. Geda had rolled his eyes at his wife’s hobby, and the noise it caused when all of the clocks struck at once, but he had left her alone during those hours, knowing it gave her some comfort, and he watched over his sons while she was away. 
She had thanked him for that peace and privacy, but she wished now that he had not been so generous. Geda had taught his sons to avoid their mother’s workshop as well when they had started tottering about and knocking things over as babes, and they had continued to avoid the workshop even as they grew up and older. They understood it was their mother’s refuge, and that they might get into trouble if they disturbed her there without good reason. Habala had been thankful for the most part that her solitude had continued unabated, although now she wished that she had taught them, perhaps Basha or Oaka if not both, what she had learned from her father all those years ago when she had been so young. 
Clock making and repair had been her mainstay for all of these years, useful and practical when she could afford to spend the time upon her hobby and earn a small wage from it, thanks to the efforts and considerations of her father and husband. If only she had extended the courtesy and kindness of her knowledge to her sons. If only she had been more open, more generous of her time and of herself, shared what she had so enjoyed for all these years, but no, she had retreated, blocked herself off from her husband and her sons, and had avoided them in the shelter of this shed, away from everything but the ticking, tocking, chiming, chirping and ringing of her clocks. 
She had nothing else but this place now. She stared at the clock in her hands, and realized now that it was burning, that a portion of its mainframe, a corner of it really, had caught fire, and was slowly starting to spread across its structure, almost to the heating point of melting it. She did not understand how this had happened, as focused as she had been on her anger at herself, and on her love for her husband and her sons. She had just been sitting here, and suddenly the clock had started burning? In any case, she had to immediately get rid of this clock before she burned herself. 
She looked up at the far wall of her workshop, covered in clocks hanging from hooks, and realized the years of work and effort she had put into all of this, all for nothing. She hurled the burning clock at the wall, and watched for a moment as it all caught on fire, the flames from one clock igniting the varnished wood of the others, licking up the covers and exposing the metal gears and innards inside, creating a furnace that stared to melt the clock faces.
The glass cracked in another clock before she turned around and left the smoking workshop behind her, oddly satisfied for a moment, but it was just a moment. She would regret it later, in the dark of the night, the loss of her refuge and mainstay. She would have to start all over again, and that frightened her more than she could say. Could she really rebuild from what had been destroyed, what was once her life’s work but was now flaming wreckage?
She managed to make it out into the stable yard just as her husband went out the inn’s back door. “Habala!” He cried, running towards her. “Are you hurt? What happened?” He asked, wrapping her in a hug and escorting her away from the burning workshop. For a moment, being held in his arms, she thought that she could do anything, rebuild and start all over again, but it was a fleeting moment of comfort and warmth in the midst of an overwhelming, raging fire that ended quickly. They were both too cold to the touch and too hot in their situation and temperament that they could not find a happy medium. Could they ever be the same with each other as they once were?
Several men from the bar, including Hermer, Morton, and Smidge, had followed Geda, and now they went to work trying to extinguish the workshop and lead out the horses from the stable nearby, in case that building also caught on fire. Habala watched them for a moment, stunned by what she had done. Had she caused that? What had happened to her? The clock had caught on fire, and she could not have done that without any flames or flint nearby, yet it had been in her hands. Where else could the flames have come from? Not for the first time, she wondered if something was wrong with her.
“I do not know.” She told Geda. “I was just working, that’s all, I must have left a candle burning, or something. Must have been careless.” She muttered the last.
“You could have been killed.” He said. “I did not want to lose you, too.”
“I’m all right, Geda.” She said, pushing herself away from him and shaking her head. “I’m fine.”
“No, you’re not,” He said, staring at her in a grim manner that concerned her. “Not really.” Did he worry that she might hurt herself? She did not feel like she could, although he might think otherwise.
“Geda, I’m…” She sighed. “All right, I haven’t been fine for days now, but I’m not hurt right now.” She said.
Geda hugged her and she cried again, just as she had been doing off and on for the past week or so, but this time it was different as the cry was dry and silent, as if the fire had dried her tears, and the flames that had swallowed the clocks and their sounds had swallowed hers as well.

Crouched in the corner between two intersecting gables on the Smiling Stallion inn’s roof, watching the conflagration below, the Old Man shook his head and turned away, sighing to himself as he gazed up at the smoke rising into the early morning sky. Losing the ones you love always hurts, and it never completely goes away. That doesn’t change as time goes by. It goes deeper, sometimes, sinking and lodging at the bottom of your heart and weighing you down; or it floats away lightly, like a feather, until a half-forgotten thought or feeling brings it back to cut you again. 
It should not have to come to this, he thought to himself, it should never have to come to this, the loss of a child for…‘the greater good’ was the best term that he could think of at this time, but it was just too harsh and cold, as if there was any greater good in the world than a child, especially to their parents and relatives. It was no comfort for them, grieving as they were, to think of the boys as making a difference. What care had they for the world after losing what they had valued most? Was it worth it in the end?
The Old Man pondered that thought for a moment. He thought that it was necessary for the boys, especially Basha, to go out and change a few things in this world, especially as it seemed to him that they were the only ones capable of making such changes, especially in regards to Doomba. Was it dangerous? Was it possible that they might not come back? Yes, it was, but he thought that it was necessary, that it was time for these changes to be made in deposing Doomba, before Doomba could do any more damage, after thousands of years of waiting for the right opportunity to come along. He had kept watch for all of this time, and now that the opportunity was here, he had to pounce upon it before it was too late, before Doomba or his minions could make a move that might end any chances he had.
Kala certainly had felt the same way, he knew, in how she came all the way to Coe Baba to protect her unborn son Basha, and died giving birth to the boy, before her ghost came to the Old Man to tell him that Basha was the Tigora’l, the tiger of light. She knew that Basha had a dangerous mission to fulfill, and she tried her best to protect him for as long as she could, yet even she acknowledged that it had to be done.
And the Old Man had to do what he did, in pushing things along and nudging people into the right place, so that the opportunity could unfold as it was meant to do. Was he responsible for pushing Basha and by extension his brother Oaka into leaving Coe Baba? Yes, but it was the right thing to do, it was meant to be this way, so why did he feel so awful about it? Perhaps he felt guilty, now that he could see the harm that he had caused Habala and others, and he felt some small need to justify his actions, to make up for them in a way that said at least he had tried to make a difference in this world, at least he had tried to do some good in the world, before it was too late. Perhaps that was why he felt like he needed to make peace with himself, and with those around him. Perhaps that was why he felt the need to challenge Doomba, and say that at least he had tried to destroy him in his own way. Maybe Kala felt the same way.
Perhaps he feared that he had made a mistake in sending these boys out to their deaths at the hands of Doomba or his minions, and nothing would come of it, no changes would be made in this world. He was afraid that they would fail, especially as they knew next to nothing about what they were supposed to be doing out there, really doing, and not just searching for Tau’s Cup. 
Perhaps he should have tried to tell them the truth, warned them of the consequences of their actions and what they might have to face once they were out there, what they might have to do, but they would have laughed at him. They never would have believed him, especially when he had hardly anything left to prove his story, and they would not have even tried to enter the Wastelands, willing to prove him wrong by doing the exact opposite of what he said. No, whatever else might happen, they would have to learn the truth for themselves, and hopefully they might see that this was the right thing to do, that this was the best thing to do, and that what they had to face in the end was nothing compared to what might happen to them, and to everyone else, if they failed.
Chapter 2: Fato
When the day arrives, let it be known
Throughout the world that I faced my fate
With dignity and stamina. Let it be known that,
In the end, I laughed in the face of death.
--King Wartart of the War Kings, Arria

“The rats, the rats are burning,” Basha muttered, still asleep but arising from the fog, as he tossed over to the other side of his body. Morning had broken over the camp, light ascending and sweeping over their surroundings, as Mila Forest stretched out all around them. The smoke from Coe Baba was a distant memory, though a few homesteads and encampments could be located within a few miles from the trail that they followed, winding along with the western fork of the River Daneuve on its way to Coe Anji.
“Shut up, Basha,” Oaka, his adoptive brother, muttered from where he lied a short distance away.
This was the third night Basha had spent in the forest, farther away from home than he had ever been, or since he had run away from home as a child, learning then that he was adopted and that his birth mother Kala had left him with basically nothing but his name, her name, and a handkerchief, no knowledge of his birth father, or of their lives. Basha had found the truth difficult to cope with at first, especially knowing that others might think him a balnor, an illegitimate son born without much worth, but he had managed to survive the forest on his own until he was found, and then when he was brought back home he went on with his life as if things were not different, though they were.
“Oaka?” Basha said, opening his eyes and sitting up.
“What?” Oaka sighed.
“The rats, I was…” Basha started to say.
“You always dream about the rats,” Oaka said.
“I do?” Basha asked, stunned as he turned towards him.
“You always dream about the rats, you say so in your sleep: ‘the rats are burning, the rats are burning’, or something else like that. So what else is new?” Oaka asked, sitting up as well. 
“Oaka, how do you know?”
“We’ve shared the same bedroom and bed for many years now, Basha, I think I should know what you mutter in your sleep.” Oaka muttered.
Basha blinked and shook his head, thinking about going back to sleep as he tried to recall just what had been in his dream. There had been rats, he remembered that, they were chasing after him through the forest, and then there was a woman who destroyed the rats…he blinked as he realized the woman was Nisa, a younger version of Nisa than the one he had met the other night at the Courtship ritual. Why would Nisa be in his dream? And why would the dream be about rats?
“Up and at ‘em, boys!” Sir Nickleby roared, stomping about the camp as the two boys groaned; they wouldn’t go back to sleep with the knight in such a fuss. “This is a disaster, what, who doused the fire last night?” He asked, looking down into the fire pit they had created. “Why, it’s still smoldering!” He exclaimed.
“It was Basha, sir,” Oaka said, standing up and pointing at his brother.
“Tattler.” Basha muttered, and then said, “I’m sorry, sir, it won’t happen again.” as he stood up as well.
“You have first watch tonight, Basha.” Sir Nickleby said.
“Why do we have to keep watch, sir?” Basha asked.
“Because I said so, and we are not camping out five miles away from home, we are already a hundred miles away from Coe Baba.” Sir Nickleby said.
“A hundred miles,” Basha said, smiling and turning to Oaka. “Can you imagine? We…”
“A hundred miles is no laughing matter!” Sir Nickleby said, striding towards him. “We are now outside of Coe Baba’s district borders,” He said, face-to-face with Basha, “on the edges of Coe Anji’s district borders. We are, in essence, in no man’s land, in the space between districts. Here is where the bounders wait, here is where robbers can be found, here is where any crime can be committed, and no man can prosecute it. Here is where the boundaries disintegrate between districts and authority, and we have to get out of this area, and back to safety, or what counts as safety, in Coe Anji.” The knight said, turning away and walking off.
Basha stared at him. Why are you so concerned? He wanted to ask the knight, but couldn’t. For the past few days, whenever they had passed anybody on the road, heading towards Coe Anji, or away from it, Sir Nickleby was certain to sweep aside his cloak or saddle blanket to reveal the hilt of his sword in its scabbard right beside him, even if they weren’t close to the stranger but on the opposite side of the road from him or her. Basha and Oaka had learned to follow suit, perhaps to detract any possible murderer or thief from tangling with them, but perhaps it wasn’t necessary, Basha thought.
The knight had all of these tips on survival, and lectured them constantly on what they should expect while traveling through Mila Forest, Popo Hills, and Tau Valley as if he might not stay with them all of the way. He told them all about the cities and towns they might stay at, the challenges of camping out in the wilderness, including how to properly set up camp with holes for the latrine and fire, the proper form of etiquette should they stay at a nobleman’s estate…everything they should know, it seemed to Basha. He supposed the knight was worried, in case something should happen to him and the boys would be left on their own, but Basha was certain the knight would be with them always. Sir Nickleby had to be one of the most experienced knights ever, and certainly knew how to plan things out. He couldn’t be so careless as to let something happen to him.
On the first day, the knight had planned their route, using a map full of intricate drawings of Arria. It showed the routes that traversed mountains, trees, towns, rivers, and castles, the sections split between Mila Forest in the north, Popo Hills in the middle, Tau Valley taking up most of the bottom half of the page and a blank space for the Wastelands ruled by Doomba on the other side of the mountains known as Dragon’s Teeth
“Where is Coe Pidaria?” Basha had asked, staring at the blank space on the map that first day, as if it might appear if he concentrated hard enough. Coe Pidaria, the legendary first capital city of Arria where the first king, Corr, had ruled almost three thousand years ago, and was also the location of Tau’s Cup, a sacred relic that had been used by the god Tau to create the first humans, had been lost to the outside world when Doomba and his Wastelands had surrounded it. No one, as far as they knew of, had seen Coe Pidaria since that time, but now they were heading there, to that legendary city, in the hopes of retrieving Tau’s Cup so that Basha might bestow it upon his beloved Jawen back in Coe Baba as a dower. It was a risky quest, considering the territory they would have to cross through to reach Coe Pidaria, but Basha hoped that it might be worth the reward.
“It’s either in the northwest corner, the southeast corner, or the northeast corner of the Wastelands.” Sir Nickleby had told them. “People are not sure of the precise location because it has been so long since anyone has been there. Personally, I think it might be in the southeast corner, because it supposedly was as far south as anyone could go in Arria. We, however, need to be careful about how we’re going to approach it.” Sir Nickleby said. “My feeling is that, if we were to travel southeast all the way down to Coe Pidaria, we might be noticed. And so we are going southwest, not southeast. I believe that is the safest way.” The knight told them. 
“Isn’t that the long way around?” Oaka had asked, looking at the map and getting a grasp on it. “I mean, if we were going to go southwest from Coe Baba, then we would have to circle around to get to Coe Pidaria in the southeast...” He said, trailing off as he traced the route on the map. “We’re going around on the coast all the way down to the south, aren’t we?” He asked. “And then we will be traveling from west to east when we’re on the edges of the Wastelands, that is dangerous. And we’ll be practically traveling along the whole border of Arria throughout this entire trip, if we do manage to make the return journey, we’ll be making one great big circle or square!” Oaka cried.
“The reports I’ve heard seem to indicate that most of the coast is clear of Doomba’s influence,” Sir Nickleby had said. “It’s only further inland, deeper in the heart of the Wastelands, that Doomba’s presence is really felt. There have been ships that went around the coast to get to Mirandor on the other side, though the waterway has been treacherous.”
“But that’s still…I don’t want to spend any more time in the Wastelands than is necessary,” Oaka had said, shuddering. “Not to mention traveling throughout all of Arria, the length and width of it twice. I don’t think this is very wise. And how do we know that Coe Pidaria is out of Doomba’s influence in the first place?”
“We would know if Coe Pidaria was ever taken by Doomba.” Sir Nickleby had said, turning around to face Oaka. “There would have been a disaster of the worst kind,” The knight muttered. “Doomba would have swept Arria right off the map if he ever got his hands on Coe Pidaria.” The knight said.
“Uh, Arria was nearly swept off of the map all those centuries ago,” Oaka remarked, “But it came back again.”
“Barely.” Sir Nickleby added.
Basha now thought that Sir Nickleby had worried a little overmuch about the challenges they might face. While Doomba’s Wastelands certainly would be dangerous, thus far nothing much had happened to them as they traversed the forest road, and slept with one of them on guard duty for part of the night before they switched shifts. It was still early, but if the rest of the trip was going to be like this, it might be easy. Basha and Oaka had been warned for much of their lives of the dangers of the outside world, how Coe Baba was a safe haven, but if the whole world was like this, like Coe Baba, then it might not be so bad.
“How much further is it to Coe Anji now, sir?” He asked Sir Nickleby on this third day.
 “Fifty-five more miles, we have a full day ahead of us.” The knight said, going to his pack and pulling out the map. 
“Can we cover that distance today, sir?” Basha asked.
“If we try. From Coe Anji, we will go to Coe Aela,” The knight said, looking at the map. “Coe Anji is where we will pick up some supplies, Coe Aela is where we might ask the lord for assistance. Lord Fobata is Duke of Coe Aela, which is a castle, not a town, ‘Coe’ applies to both castles and towns. Anyway, Lord Fobata is a good man, so he should be able and willing to help us.” Sir Nickleby said. 
“How do you know that?” Oaka asked.
“I have met the lord twice, first when I was invited there to a feast many years ago by the lord’s father, Lord Joq, who was still Duke at the time.” Sir Nickleby said as the boys started to realize this would be one of those lectures. “Lord Fobata was just a boy, smart and ready to enlist in the army, good with stratagems, lists, equations and such.” The knight remarked. 
“And then when I was older, on my way to Coe Baba to take up my assignment here, he invited me to lunch when I stayed at his castle. Brilliant man, well-spoken and full of such ideas, and he was not even 35 yet! But still, he seemed much older than I was.” Sir Nickleby said, sighing. “Apparently he had just lost his wife.” He hesitated as he realized the boys were starting to nod off a bit.
“Anyway, we shall head straight south from Coe Aela,” Sir Nickleby said, gruff as he realized his audience was not so attentive. “We shall have all of the supplies we need to make it through the interior of the Popo Hills without stopping at the Coes along the west coast. The hill bandits most likely would be along those western roads, picking off merchant trains and unwary travelers, so we shall head across country, marching as quick as we can to avoid all of that bother. Then we shall reach Coe Kiki.” He said.
“Coe Kiki?” Basha said, lifting his head up as he remembered the stories.
“Aye, Coe Kiki,” Sir Nickleby said with a nod, “That’s right, and maybe we shall see the palace, or even stay there, if I have any influence left with my title.”
“The capital city!” Basha said, turning to Oaka. “King Sonnagh! Oh, is that not worth the trip itself?” He asked Oaka.
“I suppose, although I’m not getting the Cup for Sisila.” Oaka remarked.
“And from Coe Kiki, we shall head west, and then south along the coast, hopefully with enough supplies…” Sir Nickleby started to say, but the boys weren’t paying attention to him now.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get the glory.” Basha whispered to Oaka. “If I get the Cup out of Coe Pidaria, I’ll be sure to say it was all because of you.”
Oaka smirked. “I’m intrigued and interested. That might be worth the trip. Sisila can say she is married to the man whose brother saved Tau’s Cup…hey!” He cried as Basha tackled Oaka, and the boys wrestled on the ground.
Sir Nickleby looked up from the map he was studying and shook his head. “I can’t believe I’m traveling with a pair of 12-year-olds.” He said, watching them fight.
“We’re not 12, we’re 17!” Oaka yelled, raising his head.
“Act like it, then!” Sir Nickleby roared back at him as the boys stopped fighting. “We’re losing daylight. We need to eat fast, and then be on our way. Pack up your stuff, and remember that we need to travel light,” Sir Nickleby said, as the boys started to get up to proceed as ordered. “Don’t take anything out of your packs that you don’t need for the night when we camp, and on this trip, don’t take any more than you need or can carry. Remember, the horses are not only carrying you, they are also carrying your things, and we need to be prepared in case anything should happen to the horses.”
“The horses? Why should we have to worry?” Basha asked.
“Ah, ah, I am the expert on this expedition, Basha.” Sir Nickleby said. “As a leader, you should recognize when people have more knowledge than you do.”
“A leader?” Basha gasped, shocked at this. “I can’t be a leader!”
“That’s right, you are a leader. You are responsible for why this has happened, this quest is because of your oath to Jawen.” Sir Nickleby insisted. “You will take charge of your actions and this expedition, but only after you have learned enough to handle the responsibilities involved. Until then, I am in charge of taking care of you boys.” Sir Nickleby said, walking away.
“A leader...” Basha said, slightly stunned. Never had he imagined…he had gone on this quest, expecting that he would have to take care of himself and be responsible in the sense of fulfilling this task. But to take care of others, and to make decisions that would affect them…he couldn’t do that, could he? 
He would be commanding Oaka and Sir Nickleby in the process, and he couldn’t do that, could he? They weren’t exactly going to listen to him, especially Oaka, his older brother wouldn’t tolerate orders from him! And he would be embarrassed at ordering Sir Nickleby about; the knight might obey him, whatever he had to say, but it would feel weird, and then he would have to listen to Sir Nickleby if the knight had an opinion…would he really be in charge then, or would it just be a charade to make him feel good?
“A leader…Basha?” Oaka laughed. “He’s not…”
“He will be one day, Oaka!” Sir Nickleby cried back at him, before continuing on. 
Basha frowned, wondering why Sir Nickleby had to defend him like that. The knight was not doing him any favors with Oaka. But was it so ridiculous for Oaka to laugh at him like that?
“Why am I not surprised he took your side?” Oaka muttered, low enough for Basha to hear, but not Sir Nickleby. “Why did he have to come along with us in the first place, Basha?” Oaka asked.
“He’s helping us, Oaka.” Basha said, staring after Sir Nickleby.
“Is he really?” Oaka asked.
“I hope so,” Basha said, following after Sir Nickleby. He wasn’t ready to give up his trust of Sir Nickleby and his abilities, when it had been his mainstay for years now. But the knight’s willingness to come with him did strike him as odd, almost as odd as Oaka seemed to find it, but whatever reasons Sir Nickleby had for coming with him, he hoped they were good ones.
“With any luck, we might be able to travel the full 55 miles to Coe Anji, and be there by tonight.” Sir Nickleby said as Basha caught up with him.
“Have we been...dawdling, sir?” Basha asked.
“We have been a little slow.” Sir Nickleby said. “It is now the 9th day of Markee, and we left Coe Baba on the 6th day, three days ago. We have been traveling three days, and we have only made a hundred miles. It is understandable that we got off to a slow start on the first day, leaving late in the morning, but the last two…we traveled just about as far on each of those days as we did on the first!” Sir Nickleby exclaimed. “I suppose the horses need to adjust to the long distances that they shall be covering, and you two should as well, but well, we still could easily make 50 miles a day or so if we pushed ourselves hard enough.” He said, continuing. 
Basha hesitated to say anything, because it seemed to him as if Sir Nickleby was responsible for their dawdling, as he kept stopping them every five miles or so, once an hour at least, to disappear into the bushes for a few minutes. Perhaps he was incontinent? 
“We cannot lag too much when we need to get to Coe Pidaria as soon as possible, or else we’ll never make this trip.” Sir Nickleby said.
“How long will it take?” Basha said. “The whole trip, there and back again?”
“A year at best if we survive,” Sir Nickleby said. “Judging by the distance we have to cover, and if we don’t meet any trouble on the way.” He shook his head. “Don’t forget to strap on your swords, wherever we go, especially in Coe Anji. I advise you all to stay armed.” Sir Nickleby said, turning away from Basha.
Basha watched Sir Nickleby go; why was he so worried?

“Oaka! Sir Nickleby!” Basha called, searching for his friends alone in the forest with just the horses for company. Never had he been this alone, ever since the time he had run away from…the horses were skittish, shying away from the forest. 
“Never is it this quiet. Never.” Basha started to say, but then he realized he had clenched his fists, and tightened his body. He breathed in and out to calm himself down; it was going to be all right, it was going to be okay. Basha would find his friends, and Oaka would be fine.
He wandered back towards the road that he and Oaka had strayed from when they began their race, several minutes ago. 
Oaka and Basha had been waiting for the knight to catch up with them, sitting on their horses Joko and Talan; the knight had gone into the bushes again to take care of some business. “And he complains that we can’t make 50 miles in a day?” Oaka said, shaking his head. “Of all the nerve, he should be…”
Basha had dismounted from his horse, meanwhile, as he had noticed a side path leading off into the woods. It reminded him of the tunnel he had taken a few days ago, full of tree roots branching off in different directions and skittering bugs creeping over everything, deep underground into the Oracle’s cave. He had to look at it closer. “I bet you that I could race you down to the end of that path, and back before Sir Nickleby gets here.” He said with a smile.
Oaka had turned his head to see what Basha was talking about. “Must be a hunter’s path,” Oaka muttered, trying to sound nonchalant as he looked down the long trail that seemed to lead into darkness. “Sure looks abandoned. Does it end?” He asked. He was reminded of a tunnel as well, but the one that Loqwa, god of death, was said to use to lead spirits into the underworld, the world of the dead.
“I’m pretty sure that it does.” Basha said. “Probably won’t be half a mile or so before the forest claims it again.”
“Half a mile, and then back, a full mile.” Oaka said, quivering in his heart. “Not too bad. I suppose we can manage that before Sir Nickleby finishes and gets back here. How about we make it a full mile down, and then back, two miles?” He asked, wondering why he was acting so brave. “For a real challenge?”
“Let’s just see if it goes that far.” Basha said, not certain anymore if it was a good idea in the first place, but he was stuck with it since it belonged to him.
They coaxed their horses into position at the start of the path. Basha mounted Talan, and they gave each other a moment and a half to settle down into position before Basha and Oaka looked at each other.
“Ready?” Basha asked.
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” Oaka said, staring straight ahead at the path.
“Go!” Basha cried, and they galloped off.
For several minutes, they were side by side, attempting to outmaneuver each other on the narrow path with the forest closing in. The horses occasionally had to jump obstacles lying in their way, as the path twisted and turned. Basha lost sight of Oaka for awhile, and then he turned his head as he heard a familiar neigh, only to find himself gawking at an empty saddle. 
Oaka must have fallen off. 
Basha gasped and pulled sharply on Talan’s reins, stopping the horse before he dismounted and whistled for Joko. The other horse slowed down and turned around, coming back as Basha grabbed the reins of both horses and led them back the way they had come.
Basha was worried, but he hoped to find Oaka just sitting up, none the worse for wear, and shaken up only just a little bit from his fall off of Joko, somewhere along the path. But there was no sign of him, nor of Sir Nickleby as he reached the main road. He would have thought…had Sir Nickleby already passed by here, or was he still further back along the main road? And what would he say to the knight if came back without Oaka? What would they do if they could not find…
It was awfully, terribly quiet, as a matter of fact, Basha realized. He let go of the horses’ reins for a moment, and squinted up at the trees, searching for any sign of animal life. But there was no sight or sound from any of them, instead only an unnatural calm filled his surroundings. 
Other people in the town of Coe Baba might not have noticed anything was wrong, people like Hastin probably, but Basha, he had wandered the outskirts of the forest his whole life. He had camped out a couple of times with Oaka and Geda, not too far from home, and he had run away that one time...he knew when something was wrong inside the forest.
Basha could see the double-edged sword shadows stretched out between the trees, uninterrupted. Still, no matter how strange this was, he knew that the heroes of old wouldn’t have been deterred. So, he inhaled deeper, and took a step forward.
He heard a screech, and lifted his head up, towards a gap in the entwining branches that showed blue sky, and he smiled in relief at the sight of life, for the sun’s glare was shielded from his eyes by the form of a majestic falcon soaring right over him from north to south. It was magnificent, the dark brown feathers of the bird, tinted with black at the edge of its wings, tilted to circle around towards him. The bird’s black eyes were now visible to him, glinting with razor sharp perspicacity, and he was right underneath it! It was a graceful sight, and, oddly enough, too close to the ground and to him.
The horses neighed and reared up.
Basha blinked and yelped as the falcon, diving straight through the gap at him, slammed right into his stomach with enough force that he fell over backwards. He never had imagined that a falcon could have such force. He landed on a pile of leaves called a bush, and lied there, groaning softly as he stared straight up at the sky. Wondering if he was prone to disaster, somehow.
He managed to sit up, looking down at the falcon perched on his lap. “Never is it a good sign when birds start attacking you,” Basha muttered to himself; he knew that well.
 “Wolves! Coming this way! Get out of here, boy!” The falcon yelled.
Basha screamed as the falcon stretched his wings out, and then flinched as the bird flapped away from him, soaring off into the sky. The horses were still whinnying, almost screaming. 
Basha gasped and shuddered, then thought about what the bird had said. Though a talking bird was an impossible occurrence, he leapt onto his feet, and scanned about the area, as he thought that perhaps he should take the bird’s warning seriously. Then he heard the bushes rustling close behind him, from the hunter’s path, and whirled about, prepared to run if necessary, but Oaka emerged instead, covered in leaves, bruises and scratches from the branches and the fall he must have had.
“Oaka!” Basha cried out in relief. “There was a falcon, a falcon talked to me!” He said. 
“What are…never mind that!” Oaka exclaimed, pointing behind him. “There are wolves after me! I fell off of Joko while we were jumping, and…let’s get the horses and get out of here!” He cried.
The two young men managed to round up their horses and mount them as Basha heard a howl not far behind. The horses reared again, and galloped off, the two young men the hopeless loads on their backs, pitched about in their saddles and barely hanging on. Basha swung his head about, and caught a glimpse of their pursuit.
The double-edged sword shadows were filtered through the fleeting, flitting shades of black wolves on the other side of the trees, loping in pace alongside the fleeing horses. Everything was black. The leaders of the pack lunged out of the intervals and swerved into their course, flanking their horses and lagging behind. Basha felt like his horse was swimming against the current, pushing him further and further back to the awaiting jaws, while the wolves were being propelled forward by the same current.
“I can’t get any fire, I can’t get any fire!” Oaka was crying for some reason next to him.
Basha’s head was yanked away from the sight as he was twisted by Talan’s flight. Larger than ordinary wolves, these wolves had despair-black fur surrounding blood-shot eyes that hunkered down over canine teeth, stretching below their lower jaws. These were monsters, like hyenas and wolves interbred.
He heard the hollow snapping jaws, and managed to twist his head about again to see the foaming mouth of an alpha male mere inches away from Talan’s back leg. Yet he was relieved to see the horse give the beast a good sharp kick, and send it reeling away, and he was also relieved to spot blood streaming down the wolf’s nose. It proved, in the midst of this crazed, jarring pursuit, that these monsters were mortal.

“‘My lords and ladies,’” Sir Nickleby said to himself in courtly fashion, pacing back and forth as he waited amidst the trees. “‘I would like to present…’ no, better make it ‘ladies and gentlemen’,” He paused to remark to himself, “sounds better. ‘Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to present myself, Sir Nickleby of Coe Baba,’” He bowed deeply with a flourish, “‘and these two boys, Basha and Oaka, also of Coe Baba,’” He gestured backwards at nothing.
“Sir Nickleby, are you already preparing yourself to meet King Sonnagh?” Nisa asked as she jumped down from the tree where she had been watching Sir Nickleby practice for the past minute, her bag hitting the ground just after her.
Sir Nickleby turned around, slightly startled by her appearance, but he recovered himself and commanded a cool semblance as she stood up. “I am merely preparing myself for the possibility.” He said. “It is a long way off, and highly doubtful, but I hope that we are prepared should we be given the chance. Besides, what else should I do while I’m waiting?”
“I told you not to wait up for me,” Nisa said, frowning at him. “You are already suspicious enough to these boys, especially Oaka. He does not trust you.”
“He finds it difficult to trust.” Sir Nickleby sighed. “I probably deserve his distrust, especially with what happened at the militia tryouts.”
“That was not your fault, not entirely.” Nisa said to him. “And anyway, you cannot keep stopping every few miles just for me. You won’t get anywhere that way.”
“We are on horse, you are on foot. It is unfair to you that you should fall behind during the daytime while we ride, and then you would have to catch up with us during the nighttime while we slept. How can you keep up such a pace?” He asked.
“You are too much of a gentleman. I have some stamina, but admittedly, I would have fallen behind.” Nisa said.
“You should have gotten yourself a horse to ride before you left Coe Baba.” Sir Nickleby said, pointing at her before he turned away. “You could have asked to borrow one from me.”
“Well, I cannot exactly afford one, and I was leaving on short notice.” Nisa said. “Besides, a horse attracts too much notice, especially when I am supposed to be traveling surreptitiously. I did not want to startle you all.”
“Well, you certainly startled me,” Sir Nickleby remarked, remembering that first night when he had been on guard duty, and caught Nisa watching their camp. Nisa had to explain a lot to him in that moment, and Sir Nickleby had to take a closer look at her, but he was convinced in the end that she was the Old Man’s daughter, and doing her father’s duty on this trip, watching over them. He had almost laughed at the thought of Nisa and Iibala meeting, until he had learned that had already happened.
“My daughter certainly is a wonder,” Sir Nickleby had muttered to himself, hearing Nisa’s story about what had happened between Basha, Iibala, and the birds just before the militia tryouts. Perhaps he had confessed too much to Iibala when he had told her what happened to him on the night Berevus had betrayed his militia, but it was necessary for him at the time. She had been complain too much about his odd, mournful behavior, which worried her, and he had to tell somebody the truth before all of the lies and rumors swallowed him up.
“Anyway,” Nisa said now, crossing her arms as Sir Nickleby turned back to her, “You should be more careful from now on. The boys are getting restless.” She said.
“How do you know that?” Sir Nickleby asked.
“They took off three minutes ago down a side trail.” Nisa pointed. “They said they would race a mile down the trail and back before you got back out of these bushes.”
“What?” Sir Nickleby said, running out of the bushes as Nisa shook her head. The Old Man would have been upset with her to learn that she had allowed the boys, especially Basha, to get out of her sight, but she thought that Sir Nickleby deserved to learn a lesson of his own about ignoring his duties.
Sir Nickleby mounted his horse and took off, galloping the wrong way. He went down the main road instead of the hunter’s path that he must have missed.
“Sir Nickleby! Wait!” Nisa cried, coming out of the bushes and seeing his misdirection. However, she was forced to hide herself again when she heard the approach of two horses coming onto the main road from the hunter’s path. She witnessed the crash of the falcon into Basha, Oaka’s appearance, and the Wolves.
Nisa lifted her head as she saw the last of the Black Wolves running after Basha and Oaka, unaware of her existence when they were concentrated on their prey. She muttered, “You’re not getting them,” and quickly went to fetch her bag. She should have been more careful with her own charges.
His horse galloping down the road, Sir Nickleby muttered to himself, “Why can’t they just wait for me? Is it so hard for them to sit still?” He paused and muttered to himself, “Better make it ‘lords and ladies,’” still thinking about the speech. 
He peered about in search for the side trail until a howl echoed throughout the forest and Sir Nickleby’s horse reared up as he pulled on the reins. He could not figure out where the noise was coming from.
“Sir Nickleby!” Basha called out, from behind him.
Sir Nickleby turned his head around, and saw one of the most horrific sights he had ever seen before, coming his way. The boys were riding their horses like all of the demons of the shadow worlds were after them, and they were. Black Wolves, Hyena Wolves, a whole pack of them, like the one that should have been there when he had discovered the scout in the forest last Suma. They were after the boys, they were after Basha. He couldn’t believe how time slowed down as everything moved, fast as lightning, towards him.
“Well, I suppose I shall have to do my job!” Sir Nickleby called out, and jumped down from his horse as the animal bolted. It was harder than it looked to make such a jump. He managed to land on the ground with a roll, and stand up again, unsheathing his sword. He was too old for this sort of action, leave acrobatics to young people like Nisa.
“Keep going, boys!” Sir Nickleby called out to them as the boys were trying to rein in their horses. “I’ll catch up!” He waved them on, still sore.
The horses ran on again, as smoothly as lightning streaking across the sky in jagged lines, when the boys could not stop them, and then Sir Nickleby strode out into the middle of the road. “Come on, you bunch of dogs from in-bred mothers!” Sir Nickleby roared. “Have at me, Wolves!” He cried out as the pack launched itself at him; he would not die without some pain. Oh, Iibala, he was sorry…

Something had happened, or was happening, Doomba sensed, opening his eyes behind the mask in the Wastelands, south of Arria, although he could not tell just when or where it had occurred, or what it was. The shadows toiled about him, bringing him images from all parts of the world in every imaginable time as rapidly as they could, although they could not always be precise or informative about what was going on when they were only sentient enough to observe, not to discern and reach conclusions. Thus, his senses and shadows in this matter didn’t exactly help him much when their information was a bit piecemeal, but from what little he could tell and sense, whatever had occurred was thrilling, exciting, and ultimately disappointing, as the quarry had gotten away from them. 
Still, there was some satisfaction for now, as a little bit of meat and blood was left to share amongst his Servants, far away from him, to the north. The north, there always seemed to be some disturbance happening up in the north these days, but then again, the tiger was expected to come from the north. The tiger…was it…could he have escaped yet again from pursuit? Doomba’s agitation aggravated his shadows as well, twisting and turning into smaller and smaller loops about him, to coil as tightly as they could to protect him and constrain his temper.
Why was the tiger of light always escaping? Doomba wondered, What could be protecting him? There was always something that seemed to be shielding the tiger, hiding him from Doomba’s sight and smell and hearing, amongst his other more intuitive senses, protecting him from the Followers and Servants that got too close to penetrating the mystery of who he was, and conveying that information to Doomba through Doomba’s shadows. Who was he, and what were these forces protecting him? Doomba had to know before it was too late for him to prevent the unthinkable. The shadows trembled.
Having surrendered his humanity, or most of it anyway, long ago, when he, as Memba, had consumed a demon and allowed it to take control of his body, past and present had lost all meaning to him, and were the same to him in the end. He had cheated death and become deathless, although he was not immortal. The tiger of light was prophesized to destroy him, but Doomba would have none of that. He would come to an end eventually, hopefully when everything else in this world ceased to exist, although even then, he would search for a way to escape this dying world, and enter another world, perhaps to inhabit another body. Perhaps the tiger of light could be the vessel he needed, although Doomba had to be sure the tiger of light would have no will left to fight back against him.
“Sire?” A gringrok’s voice called out from the doorway. “One of the Trollas has come here to complain about a disturbance in the Pits.”
“Isn’t there always?” Doomba grumbled, his dream disrupted. “Send him in.”

“Sir Nickleby! Sir Nickleby!” Basha cried, as he had been doing for what seemed like the past half-hour, but it had only been a few moments since they had passed by Sir Nickleby.
“He can’t hear you, Basha!” Oaka exclaimed, trying to turn his head around as he thought that he saw something…he grimaced. A horrible sight indeed, one that would haunt him forever. The wolves had Sir Nickleby; there was no point in returning. “Just keep going!” He insisted, looking away. They had to keep going, they had to survive, and there was no point in staying behind to die. He wished that he could have summoned up fire to burn up those wolves, though, just like he had summoned up fire to burn Hastin’s wooden sword, and the bushes, although that had been by accident. How had he been able to do such a thing? What was this magic?
Talan and Joko were galloping as fast as they could, with Basha and Oaka still hanging on barely, but the boys now at least had better grips on their reins, and their seats, though they were still bouncing a bit, were more firmly planted. At last, the horses slowed down enough that Basha and Oaka could pull on the reins and halt the horses. Talan and Joko lowered their heads, exhausted from the flight, as Basha and Oaka looked around. It had been several minutes since they had left Sir Nickleby behind, but they must have been several miles from where the wolves had surrounded…Oaka shuddered at the thought.
“We have to, we have to,” Basha said, gulping. “We have to go back!”
“Are you kidding me? Basha,” Oaka said, turning about. “We can’t go back, Sir Nickleby is dead! We have to face the truth…why are there no wolves attacking us right now?” Oaka asked, looking around. He couldn’t see anything besides the forest that surrounded them, why were there no wolves surrounding them now, like they had surrounded Sir Nickleby?
“Why do you say that?” Basha asked, wondering what was wrong with Oaka.
“They were right behind us, they were after us!” Oaka said, thinking that they couldn’t have lost the wolves so quickly. “Half…the horses can’t run anymore. Half of the wolves could have gone after us, while the other half stayed behind with Sir Nickleby…” He gasped. “They were…we should have been killed by now, standing here.” He was almost frightened of that fact alone, it didn’t make any sense to him. Nothing was making any sense to him at this point, the wolves, and the fire, and Sir Nickleby…could he have saved the knight? But how?
“You’re hopeless.” Basha said, shaking his head. “A true pessimist. We’re alive.” He said, slightly surprised by that fact as well.
“I can’t handle this.” Oaka wheezed, frowning to himself as he leaned forward over Joko. Why did all of this seem so familiar to him, as if something like this had happened to him and Basha before? It nagged in the back of his mind.
“Sir Nickleby died to save us...” Basha whispered, and then looked up. “The birds!” He cried. “Can’t you hear them?”
“What, the birds?” Oaka asked, looking around fearfully. “Yes, I guess I can hear them,” He said, shaking his head. There was something about a bird, a giant bird, in that memory of his. “What does that mean?” He asked.
“They weren’t here when the wolves were, the wolves have gone!” Basha said. “It’s safe now!”
“It’s safe? How can it be?” Oaka shook his head. “It can’t be.”
“I have to go back.” Basha said, dismounting from Talan. “I have to see.”
“Basha, you can’t!” Oaka said, dismounting from Joko as well, and rushing over to stop him. “There’s nothing left! There’s…” He stopped as Basha turned towards him. “There’s nothing left.” Oaka repeated. “I think I saw the wolves tearing…” Oaka gulped, trying to block the image from his mind. “There’s nothing left of Sir Nickleby.” He said.
“You’re wrong, Oaka.” Basha said, tearing up. “You’re wrong, he’s…oh, Oaka, what have I done?” He lowered his head.
“Basha, you have to be strong,” Oaka said, grabbing hold of him. “I don’t think that old knight would want to see us like this.”
Basha laughed bitterly at the thought of Sir Nickleby disciplining them for being so morose. “Oaka, what have I done?” He asked, still somber.
Oaka wrapped an arm around him. “We have to keep going, Basha.” Oaka said, leading him back towards Talan. “Come on, let’s get out of here before those wolves decide to come back.” He said, looking around.
“The wolves…” Basha said, turning around. “The wolves, Oaka. I think they were Black Wolves, Hyena Wolves.”
“The wolves? They can’t be Black Wolves.” Oaka said, shaking his head. “Those are Doomba’s wolves, why would Doomba’s wolves be chasing after us?”
“The Black Wolves, they were hunting us, but not for food.” Basha said, still looking back the way they had come. “I think they were chasing us for sport, or something like that, why else would they want to leave us alive? And the rats, and the gruelmoff,” He gasped, turning back around to Oaka. “Do you remember the gruelmoff, Oaka? The one that nearly chased us when we were children, 8 years old or so, and then the Old Man appeared to save us!”
“He wasn’t…” Oaka said, his brain rattling as he shook his head furiously. “No, no, that did not happen, that was just a story you told, and it got confused…”
“Wake up, Oaka, it did happen, just like this!” Basha cried as he wondered why any of it had happened. “And maybe…”
“Maybe they have had their fill,” Oaka said, and then stopped as he realized what he was talking about. “I mean, I don’t think they would have left us…” He said, wishing that he had not opened his mouth as Basha stared at him in horror. How could he be so callous and cruel?
“You fellows really are fools! They weren’t after you, they were after me!” A voice yelped. The two young men stopped, and turned their heads, looking up…
“Holy Sitha,” Oaka said, shuddering. “That bird, it really did talk, did it not?” He asked Basha.
“I told you so.” Basha said.
“My name is Fato,” The bird on the branch said, “And I happen to be a falcon, you disrespectful idiot with balnor in your brain!”
“I am not an idiot, you foul-mouthed falcon!” Oaka cried, striding up to the tree. “You are the one that got us into this mess?” He asked, grasping the trunk and trying to climb it. 
“Those wolves would have torn us to pieces, if poor old Sir Nickleby had not stopped to fight, and our horses had not nearly run themselves to death!” Oaka trembled, as he slid down the trunk. “At least you had the advantage of being able to fly ahead, while we were left to fend for ourselves!” He cried, still trembling, as he looked down towards the ground. Why couldn’t he have summoned up that fire?
“Oaka, calm down.” Basha said. “He did warn us, Oaka,” Basha said, coming up to him. “Or at least he warned me.”
“I am sorry for what happened,” Fato said, clearing his throat. “To Sir Nickleby, especially,” He said, hesitantly. “I suppose you are right about all of that, but the rest of us…we’re fine enough, though, aren’t we?” He asked. “And I think you two need some help. If I were to come along with you two…”
“Help? We don’t need any help from you!” Oaka said, shaking his head and turning away from the bird. “We can handle ourselves, thank you very much. And we especially do not need help from the likes of you, who would fly away at the first sign of trouble. No thanks.” Oaka muttered, crossing his arms.
“I’m sorry, okay? That’s the best I can do.” Fato said. “I’m a falcon, but I’ve got some experience in traveling, and I can see things farther away than any of you can. I’ve flown countless miles, and I know that…a bird is a bird, and a human is just a human,” Fato said, about ready to turn and fly away.
“Wait a minute,” Basha said, holding up his hand as he turned towards Fato. “We’re…I’m sorry for the way Oaka talks.” Oaka gasped; how dare Basha apologize for…“It’s just that we’ve suffered a loss.” Basha continued. “Our mentor, Sir Nickleby was the most experienced person we’ve ever known, especially when it came to traveling and fighting, and we’ve known him for years,” Basha said, looking up at the bird. “It’s just a shock. I know that, if you could have, you would have faced those wolves yourself.”
“What are you doing?” Oaka asked Basha.
Fato slowly nodded. “Yes, it’s true, if I could have fought, I would have, but I just could not stand up against those wolves myself,” Fato said, looking down at himself. “All I’ve got to defend myself, and attack, are these beak and talons, and I’m no match against them. No match against them whatsoever, all I could do was fly away.” He said, looking down at the boys. “But I’ve got my mind, and that’s as sharp as ever, sharp enough to know things, to see things, and to hear things, and I could be useful enough to make up for…” He hesitated. 
“No one can replace Sir Nickleby!” Oaka insisted.
“Well, I can’t make up for your lost mentor, but I can try to be useful if you would let me come.” Fato huffed.
 “Oaka, listen to him.” Basha said, dropping his voice. “He’s serious, and I think we should consider.”
“Are you out of your mind, Basha?” Oaka said, dropping his voice as well. “He just…you must be crazy after what just happened to Sir Nickleby!” Oaka insisted. He knew that he certainly was. “And it could happen to us if…”
“There must be a reason, Oaka.” Basha said. “There must be a reason why those wolves were after Fato.” Basha seemed ready to say something else just then. “And we have to help him, and we do need help.” Basha said, as if…no, Basha was not ready to believe it then. The creatures were not after him, not the crows, not the gruelmoff, not the rats and not even the Black Wolves. “We don’t know the first thing about traveling through this country, and…”
“He’s a bird! What can he know about what humans…” Oaka flapped his mouth a bit, flabbergasted, and then grunted. “Besides, what would be the reason?” He asked.
“Royal messenger bird!” The falcon called, and the two young men turned around to face Fato just as he started to sing, “Fato the falcon, Fato the falcon, royal messenger bird extraordinaire! Who is the one bird you can depend on to deliver the message that will save the day?” His song hit the high and low octaves, a noble tune that seemed familiar to them even though they had never heard it before. He apparently had been listening to their conversation, and seemed desperate to prove himself.
“This is…” Oaka said, confused and furious once more.
“Wait a minute, Oaka, I think it might be true.” Basha said. “I think…Battle of Weasel Fall, in the War of the 3rd Ascension, do you remember that story in school?” He said, “King Vivolan the 2nd wanted a message sent, and so they got…”
“Wait a minute, that was…wasn’t that almost 2,000 years ago?” Oaka asked, interrupting Basha, “And I think I would have heard if…” Oaka hesitated, trying to recall his school lessons, or if he had read this in a book somewhere. “Royal messenger bird?” He repeated, turning around to stare at Fato. “They’ve got the spell to make animals talk?” He asked, remembering now that was the big deal about Weasel Fall.
“Point of fact, it was a spell for birds to learn and speak human language,” Fato said, “They found it again about 15 years ago, after it had been lost for all of these centuries. Personally, I think it was passed down from the god Dalan to all you humans so that you could understand what we animals were complaining about.” Fato said the last half to himself.
Oaka gasped. “This is…” He said again, he could not believe this balnor. He shook his head. “I don’t think we should have him along with us, Basha.”
“I am delivering a very important message to King Sonnagh himself!” Fato said, preening himself slightly. “Relaying it, to be precise, by memory. I’m very good at memorization,” He added, and then said, “If you two are going towards Coe Kiki, I will come along with you. By royal rules, I am not allowed to travel in flocks, but this probably doesn’t count. However, I feel compelled to warn you two that those wolves chasing us weren’t ordinary wolves. They were Black Wolves, Servants of Doomba.”
Oaka gulped as Basha told him, “I told you they weren’t ordinary wolves!” 
Oaka shook his head. “All the more reason why…” 
“We should let him travel with us!” Basha exclaimed. 
“Are you out of your mind?” Oaka said again.
“Think of the message he’s carrying, Oaka! And I know what Sir Nickleby would have done, he would have protected that royal messenger bird from those Black Wolves! Just like…”
Oaka groaned. “How can you say such a thing like that?” He said, “Using Sir Nickleby to justify…that falcon is the reason why…” He grumbled, “Sir Nickleby would not have stood up for such a condescending, loud-mouthed…”
“Oaka, we cannot risk that message being lost, if it’s so important, and being delivered to King Sonnagh himself. Fato may be a pest, but give him some credit for…we’re all a little tense, angry, lost and upset today,” Basha said. “His temper may be a temporary result of that.” He hoped that it was true. that the real reason why the Wolves were after them was not because of him.
“Basha.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll only let him travel with us for a little while.” Basha said. “And if he pushes his luck, or causes any more trouble, then I will let you shoo him away. Does that sound fair?” Basha asked.
“Basha…” Oaka sighed. “Fine, deal.” He said, holding out his hand for Basha to shake.
Basha turned around. “Fato! Great news!” He said, walking over towards the bird without even hand-shaking. Oaka sighed, and took his hand back. Basha seemed ready to put past problems behind him, with this whole quest-thing he had to look forward to and achieve, but Oaka could not let these issues go.
Chapter 3: Walking Duck Inn
To the undiscerning traveler, the wonders
And perils of Arria might readily be discerned in
The market town of Coe Anji, where people sing:
‘Oh, we got it all, right here in Coe Anji!’
--Travel book, Angora

Habala walked back into the inn that afternoon, a little weary and sore after having been interrogated and probed by both the constable, who wanted to know her involvement in the fire that had started and ended in her shed, and the local barber-surgeon, who was called upon to examine her for any damage caused by the fire and smoke. The barber-surgeon served as Coe Baba’s only doctor if one did not count the midwife, the veterinarian, and the healer Mirari who visited Coe Baba during the Reda, Plig, and Suma months, especially when the barber-surgeon had a permanent place of operation while the other three traveled around the territory.
Habala had thought that it was all unnecessary, especially when she felt the mood which had possessed her to somehow cause the fire had passed for now, and she felt slightly better, as if she had released some tension within her in the course of this event. She was physically well, the fire had not burned her and the smoke had not clouded her lungs, so she had not damaged herself. The only thing that had been harmed were all of the clocks that she had mended and created, and the shed where she had built them, burned to the ground with the fire extinguished. Geda had gone up and told her the bad news, or so he thought, that nothing had been salvageable from the ruins, and while she had remained silent for a moment, contemplating what this meant for her, he had told her that perhaps she could start over, with a new shed and new supplies.
“I do not want to start over, Geda.” Habala at last told him. “We cannot. Nothing can begin again. We have to move on from this, and find something else.” She said. She believed that in a sense, although it was difficult to say. She believed that she could move on from the clocks, and find something else to occupy any spare time she had outside of the inn, but she could not believe that she could forget so easily what had caused her pain.
Geda had not been satisfied by her answer, for though he knew how she had struggled mightily the past couple of days with the boys’ departure, as he felt the same way at times, still she had not been able to explain herself fully to him right now, when others were listening to them, and she was not yet ready to share everything about herself. But she would be willing to share, she hoped, someday soon, and Geda would be there to listen to her, just him and her alone. At least the constable had been satisfied that she had no other ill intentions towards herself or others, and had let her go with a warning to avoid fires.
Habala walked back in, with her husband by her side, and stopped in her tracks. “Brigga, what are you doing here?” She asked, staring down at the woman scrubbing the wood floor beneath the bar stools, while Smidge was tending to the bar this afternoon. A red flush appeared in Habala’s face at this odd circumstance.
Brigga looked up. “Hello Habala, Geda,” She said, nodding her head at the innkeeper and his wife. “I’m taking over my daughter’s shifts for the week. I’m afraid to say that my Nisa is not feeling well, a little nauseous and such, but she should be back soon.” She said. “Smidge said it would be fine.”
Smidge looked up from where he was scrubbing a glass, and caught the glare in Habala’s eyes. “I thought it would be all right to let her do some of the work,” He said with a shrug, “What with her being a willing hand with an eager heart. Besides, we could do with a fresh face around here, someone we have not seen for years, to break up the monotony and boredom of our lives.” He added. 
“Boredom? Monotony? Where have you been? I think we have had more than enough excitement here today to last us a lifetime.” Geda muttered.
“I can see that.” Smidge said. “But aside from that, we need something to stir up our daily lives, new life in the status quo.”
Smidge had taken over some of the work that Basha and Oaka had done since their departure, appearing more often in the inn and less sporadically in his schedule whenever the mood suited him. Habala worried that, with how much time Smidge now spent at the inn, and how close they were working together in tight quarters, Smidge might take the chance to renew his advances on her, as he had done when they were young. But so far Smidge’s behavior had not been too unseemly and could be accredited to high spirits, his jovial nature, and attempts to lighten the mood.
“The status quo has been shaken up enough. Smidge, next time you should tell us before you hire someone.” Habala said.
“That’s fine,” Geda said, waving his hand at Smidge and undermining Habala’s protest. “I hope your daughter feels better soon, Brigga.” He told the newly hired waitress. “Carry on,” He continued, leading Habala towards the private quarters before she could say anything.
Habala glanced back at Brigga, who continued scrubbing in determination, and hissed, “Something is wrong here, Geda. I can just taste it.” She said as they passed into the back hallway.
“There is a lot that has gone wrong here,” Geda muttered as he closed the common room door. “But nothing we can do about it now.” He sighed and said, “Don’t worry about Brigga. Besides, Smidge may be right, we need someone else here to keep ourselves occupied and lighten the load. A former friend can help.”
“I was a bad mother.” Habala admitted out loud. “I thought that I had ignored or overlooked my boys too much, especially with the work that we had to do at the inn, and the clocks…I thought that if I had paid more attention to them, none of this would ever have happened. Especially Basha. If I had been more concerned about him, and what he was doing, I would never have allowed him to associate with Jawen.”
“Habala, you cannot beat yourself up about this,” Geda said, turning to her. “You are a good mother, the best mother these boys could have had. What Basha did, that was his own fault, you could not have done anything about it.”
“I could have stopped it from ever starting, I could have stopped all of this.” Habala insisted. “If only…I never should have trusted…” She sighed, stopping herself from saying anymore on the subject. “Perhaps you are right. Perhaps I should not blame myself.” She said, changing to another topic.
He stared at her. “Are you okay?” He asked.
“I’m fine,” She lied, nodding her head. “Just fine.” She could not tell him the truth of what she had suspected, of what she had allowed to happen in the past with Brigga, Smidge, and even the Old Man. Perhaps it was her fault that she had not curtailed this situation sooner, and that she had allowed it to go on for so long. She had trusted them too much, and now her sons would have to pay the price.

Morton entered the inn, glancing around the common room before he headed up to the bar, stepping around Brigga in the process without really noticing. “Have you seen my cousin?” He asked Smidge.
“She just came back from the barber-surgeon,” Smidge told him, pointing towards the private quarters, “However, I suggest that you don’t disturb her right now. My brother and your cousin, they’re having a bit of a row back there.”
“Oh. Right,” Morton sighed, and leaned back against the bar. “I should have been there for her when the boys left, but then I was so upset about…” He glanced down and realized that the mother of the woman he once had loved not that long ago was scrubbing the floor at his feet. “Uh, do you need any help with that?” He asked Brigga. He did not feel comfortable talking about Nisa in front of her mother, when the pain was too fresh, and he half wondered if he might eventually reconcile with Nisa, so treating her mother with kindness might be the right step to take in that process.
“Oh, no, thank you, I’ve got it. Carry on.” Brigga said willfully, attacking the floor now.
“Right, Brigga,” Morton said, reluctantly turning away from her. “As I was saying, Smidge, I was so upset that I wasn’t even…were you there when the boys said good-bye?”
“I was there, Morton, of course I was, I said good-bye to them all.” Smidge told him. “Gave them a pat on the back and all that, wished them good luck and told them that I loved them. I am their uncle, after all. I helped raise them, along with my brother and his wife. They are my brother’s sons, and you didn’t even say good-bye to them?”
“I was upset!” Morton cried.
“That’s no excuse, Morton, even Hermer was there! Everyone was there, all of their friends and family members, even friends of the family. You should have been there, Morton, it was a sight to see even if you weren’t emotionally involved in it.” Smidge remarked, wiping the bar down. “Just about the only people who didn’t make an appearance there were the mayor, the baron, and Lapo the merchant, but they were on the side of not letting Basha go on his quest, weren’t they? They didn’t want him to get his hands on Jawen, make a claim on her with Tau’s Cup. Ha! He proved them wrong with the Oracle’s consent. He got that consent easily enough, I suppose thanks to the Old Man’s help, and now all he needs is just the Cup.” Smidge muttered. “Then he will show them who he really is.”
“Huh? What are you talking about?” Morton asked, staring at Smidge in puzzlement.
“Morton, do you mean to tell me that you don’t even pay attention to what is going on here?” Smidge asked, staring at Morton in astonishment and gasping. “I mean, that is what the whole thing is about, the…what do you know about the boys leaving?”
“I remember that Basha had to go see the Oracle, and then he had to go on a quest for Tau’s Cup after that,” Morton said, “But I don’t remember much about…I know it had something to do with the Courtship ritual, and the girl Jawen, but I wasn’t paying much attention and then I was a little drunk…”
“Morton, Morton,” Smidge shook his head, slamming his hand against his face. “You’re embarrassing me.” He said. “You’re an embarrassment to this whole family, do you know that? You and your love-sick ways, with your moping and your crying, all because a girl left you, and you think about her still, don’t you?” Smidge asked with a cruel smile. “You think about Nisa.”
“I can’t help it,” Morton said, glancing at Brigga, Nisa’s mother. This wasn’t something that they should be talking about, awkward and disgraceful as it was, but Morton wasn’t sure if he was brave enough to protest Smidge’s crude manner.
Brigga stopped scrubbing for a moment and shuddered, hearing them talk about her daughter like this made her feel angry and disgusted, but she couldn’t talk back against them or else she would lose this job and the opportunity it afforded her. She still could not believe that Nisa had ever dated Morton, even if it was for a little while, and for her own purposes. Morton was almost old enough to be…no, actually, Morton would never be old enough to match the venerable age of the Old Man, Nisa’s true father. But if Nisa’s father had been just an ordinary man, one of a mortal and short-lived lifespan, then Morton would nearly be old enough.
 “I know that feeling well, for I have lived it.” Smidge told Morton, patting him on the shoulder. “I felt the same way when your cousin Habala left me to go with Geda, Morton, and there was a hole left in the side of my heart that was leaking blood, and it is still there after all these years.”
“Does the hole ever go away? Does it ever get better?” Morton asked, hanging onto Smidge’s words.
“Yes, it does, Morton, because my heart has hardened since then, and it has grown stronger and tougher than it once was as well.” Smidge said, looking up at Morton with a steely gaze and clasping him by the shoulders. “Soon that hole in my heart will shrink away into nothingness, and then I will forget all about Habala and my feelings for her as well. Morton, your heart will soon grow stronger, too, and then you will forget all about Nisa, won’t you?”
“Yes, I will,” Morton said, trying not to look down at Brigga when he knew the reaction on her face would either be heartbroken, full of tears at the thought of Nisa being forgotten by the man that she had once loved, or anger that he could just so easily forget about her, and move on to another person. He didn’t really believe that he could move on, though, as Nisa had been the only one for him, but her rejection of him had hurt so much that he couldn’t stand it anymore. He wanted to move on.
“Excellent.” Smidge said with a smile, letting go of Morton. “Your life will be better and you will feel better, too, Morton my dear boy, once you forget about her. You can sleep easily at night, and wake up feeling refreshed. Daylight won’t hurt your eyes anymore.”
“I will,” Morton said, not fully understanding Smidge’s words. “One more thing, Smidge, do you consider me to be a man, the type of man who could be a husband and a father? Nisa was saying that I couldn’t be the type of man she would marry.”
“Morton, Morton, you’re growing up to be that sort of man already, you’re taking the steps towards it, but you’re not there yet.” Smidge said, patting Morton on the shoulder.
Morton gasped. “But I’m over forty years old!”
“And you’re not a man just yet. Did you think age would make a difference about that?” Smidge laughed. “You’ve got to take the steps towards it!” He cried.
Morton turned around and ran out of the inn before tears threatened to fall out of his eyes, right in front of Smidge; that would be a worse embarrassment than what he faced now. He was a man, after all, no matter what Smidge had to say about it. Even Nisa would have to agree with him, someday.
Smidge turned around, and looked down at Brigga. “How are you doing down there?” He asked her with a smile.
“Just fine.” Brigga said in a clipped voice, not looking up at him as she continued scrubbing the floor with a brief pause.
“You’re looking beautiful this morning.” Smidge said.
“What is that supposed to mean?” She asked, looking up at him.
“Nothing, just commenting.” Smidge said, a little offended at her rudeness to him. “I just think that a nice compliment is something that you deserve, after all, for all of the hard work that you’ve agreed to do while your daughter is sick. I wish I had a mother half as considerate as you. By the way, when will your daughter be back?”
“A week or so, I don’t know,” Brigga said. “Nisa is very sick, it could take a while for her to recover.”
“Well, give her my regard,” Smidge said, turning away from her to serve a customer. 
Brigga continued working, but felt a growing sense of unease inside of her, especially as she thought of Smidge watching her. Why did she have to accept Nisa’s commitment to go off and protect those boys Basha and Oaka, working in her stead as well at the inn? She should have spoken out against Nisa’s compulsion, and told her that her father should do his own work, and leave her alone for once. 
Brigga had tried to keep Nisa away from him for the first few years of her life, hoping that Nisa might be able to live a normal life like the rest of the townspeople, but once her daughter had started sneaking off to be with him, Brigga knew that, in a sense, she had lost this battle, and that the Old Man might win over her in the end when it came to their daughter’s affection and attention. The Old Man, she should never have gotten involved with him in the first place, even though Nisa had been born from such a union. She should never have gotten close to the old storyteller, he just made things more complicated, and he ruined everything that he touched in her life.
To think that for all of these years she had bent over backward, allowing Nisa to go off and do…not evil things with her father, but certainly slightly immoral, watching Basha without his consent at the very least. It was wrong, yet Nisa was protecting him, wasn’t she? What could Brigga have done in the end to stop all of this from happening? She couldn’t keep Nisa away from her father, the Old Man had some right to see his daughter, and Nisa was stubborn, just like her parents, she would have eventually broken loose from Brigga. As for what they were doing, apparently there was a pretty good reason for it, when it came to protecting Basha from evil, but Brigga didn’t know what to think about this whole charade. What sort of evil things could be trying to harm a boy like him? And what sort of things was her daughter doing to protect him? So she just tried to protect her daughter, and covered for her, even though she hated it with all of her heart. She wanted Nisa to be normal.

“Did you know that there are flocks of other royal messenger birds at the palace besides me?” Fato asked from the pommel of Basha’s saddle, which he took to be his perch when he wasn’t flying. “What do you think of that?”
“I’ll tell you what I think of that, but it might stun the feathers off of you.” Oaka muttered darkly.
“I think I may have seen a couple of small birds, sparrows perhaps, fly in and out of the mail office next to city council hall several times in the past. I did not get to see them well enough, or hear them if they were able to speak like humans. Were those royal messenger birds?” Basha asked.
“Most likely.” Fato nodded. “We don’t deliver too many messages this far north, to Coe Baba especially, but one or two…yes, sparrows probably would be sent to Coe Baba, especially if the messages were insignificant enough.” Fato said, glancing at Oaka. “Not many sparrows last too long in the service, for it is a very dangerous business to a bird.” Fato added, “We don’t fly in flocks, for one thing, because of hunters, hunters shoot at flocks of birds. And a flock is only as good as its weakest member, so flocks are generally slow, with the youngest…”
“And dumbest.” Oaka said.
“…and the oldest members amongst them.” Fato said, glaring at Oaka now. “That is why you won’t see me flying around in a flock,” Fato said. “I like to move fast, and I know that my messages are important enough that I have to keep myself safe.”
“And I bet you that you wouldn’t even be accepted into a flock if you wanted to be in one,” Oaka said.
“I am a falcon, and a bird like me gets some of the most important messages because I can keep myself safe against almost anything, except for some threats like Black Wolves and humans,” Fato added.
Oaka rolled his eyes. 
“I suppose I had not gotten close enough.” Basha said again to Fato, trailing off as he rode his horse Talan alongside Oaka on Joko.
“It’s all right, Basha,” Fato said, looking up at him. “I suppose one day you would have gotten close enough to hear the sparrows speak.”
Oaka had walked off to bring back the horses from grazing, as Fato and Basha had talked a bit, and he had wondered if Fato was telling the truth. If he really was a royal messenger bird, if he really did have such an important message, if…he never did ask any of these important questions. He thought it was too soon, for one thing, and he did not want to keep arguing with Basha forever, when they did have to get going before night fall, because he did not want to spend any more time near the place where Sir Nickleby was killed. Especially if the Wolves came back, and…ate him at night.
Oaka shuddered. He had half a mind to go back home at this point, but he was worried; worried about what Sisila, his parents, and the rest of the town might think if he abandoned Basha after Sir Nickleby was killed. Even if he told them about Fato, they probably wouldn’t excuse him, except for Sisila, of course. Plus, he was afraid of leaving Basha alone with this bird if…he didn’t know what Fato was doing. This was an odd situation, and he was determined not to underestimate the royal messenger bird.
Plus, he did not want to pass by the place where Sir Nickleby was killed, and he did not want to face those Black Wolves by himself again if they were still there.
The first night without the knight…they weren’t able to make the 55 miles necessary to reach Coe Anji before nightfall. Their route at first from Coe Baba had been lined with small farmsteads, but after awhile, those farmsteads had receded. At night, camping by the side of the road, especially without the knight, smothered the young men with forest darkness. Shadows prowled, triggering them to swathe deep into their blankets as they tried to sleep, and meanwhile Fato snored high up in the tree. 
“For a little bird, he can sure make a lot of noise.” Oaka muttered to himself, on guard duty for the first few hours as they now watched for Black Wolves. Fears, however, were usually forgotten in daylight, and there was no sign of the Wolves.
When the group got up the next morning, Oaka remarked to Basha, “I had hoped to sleep in a warm bed last night.” 
“Oh, you really are pitiful!” Fato cackled, returning with a rabbit in his talons. “You can’t even stand to sleep on the ground! Now I see you both need my help!” 
“What makes you expert enough to insult us?” Oaka cried. “You’re just a bird! You probably live in a nest and don’t know anything but this forest!”
Basha managed to control the tension between them, but at least Fato was a good hunter, that was one point in his favor, Oaka thought to himself as he ate a bit of rabbit. Fato tore at the skull, and the other bits of rabbit that the humans did not want to eat, but the falcon did not seem to mind so much.
At last, it seemed that they were getting close to Coe Anji, traveling amongst caravans of merchants all huddled close together to protect themselves from petty thieves and bandit gangs, and Basha and Oaka started getting excited. “Coe Anji, the first town we’ve ever been to besides our own,” Basha said, smiling, and then sighed. “Sir Nickleby…”
“Don’t worry, it will all be okay,” Oaka said, reaching over to pat Basha on the shoulder from horseback. “We’ll get through this,” He muttered. Sir Nickleby had warned that Coe Anji was rougher than Coe Baba, but the scene upon entering the town still surprised Basha and Oaka. 
The core of this hamlet was elbow-to-elbow vendors and stalls. Pedestrians had to get out of the way of a herd of cattle, riders, and wagons. 
The buildings were all made of wood, not just clapboard siding with a smooth finish, but rough-shod as well with the bark still clinging upon and engrained into them. The entire facades of buildings were painted to make the town seem festive, but the paint was peeling off and fading underneath the sunlight. The town seemed to be constructed haphazardly, with random ramshackle huts stacked one on top of another to make the buildings two to three stories tall. Three stories tall! But these were narrow and precarious as well, with some buildings leaning over so much that they had to have joints attached to them outside, beams stuck into the ground and pitched against the walls. 
A rickety leaning city, Oaka thought to himself; he had noticed the additions that had been made to The Smiling Stallion inn and other buildings in his hometown over the centuries, but those looked much smoother compared to the ones in Coe Anji. In Coe Baba, people constructed with the intent to make something permanent, and make it fit in with the rest of the town’s facade, without making it look too new or too old. But the buildings in Coe Anji looked to be temporary construction solutions that had just turned permanent by accident, lashed and latched onto each other through faith and hope with a bit of rope and nails. And the buildings were so outnumbered by the expanse of tents pitched in and around the town that Coe Anji looked to be a temporary place, a market town made for merchants to exchange and barter goods, services, and money. 
Oaka could not imagine anybody living here. Basha, however, seemed to be taken in by the facade, fascinated by the muddled, yet jovial atmosphere of Coe Anji’s market streets. Down several alleyways, however, there were venues of vicious sport and soiled pleasure, sometimes one and the same, Oaka was half aware of as he turned his head and saw men, but very few women, coming in and out of the mouth of these alleyways, laughing, smiling, and joking about as they staggered.
As they passed by a cart selling meats, Fato, perched on the pommel of Basha’s saddle again, seemed to smell something that attracted him, and he pushed himself off of the pommel as he spread his wings wide to start flapping. Basha had to let go of Talan’s reins for the moment, so that Fato would have space to move, and the bird flapped his way up above the young man’s head and soared off when he had wind underneath his wings. Fato snagged a piece of veal from the cart, but was startled when a strange little beast, covered in fur yet walking upright, snapped at him and tried to reach out with tiny fingers to snatch at his feathers.
The peddler pulling the cart yelled at the falcon, and the two young men it returned to when it had dropped its piece of veal. Oaka had to go over and pay for the veal. As Oaka walked back to the others, Fato complained, “That monkey, I ought to…”
“Fato, just be glad you got off with nothing more than a scratch,” Basha said.
“You humans are related to monkeys!” Fato accused.
“I would be glad to know that I was related to that wise fool of a beast, especially when he had the good sense to shoo you away!” Oaka said, as he mounted Joko. “I learn something new everyday. Now where do we go?”
“We should look for an inn,” Basha said, turning his head around. “I smell…what is that smell in the air?”
“Salt?” Oaka asked, smelling and tasting it too in the air.
“The ocean, we’re near it,” Fato said, turning his head. “A couple of miles that way, the salty breeze is what you get when you’re close.”
“The ocean.” Basha said wistfully, and then laughed. “We’re not in Coe Baba anymore!” He cried.
“Definitely not,” Oaka said, and then pulled on Joko’s reins as they tried to ride through the crowd, but then the boys had to dismount and walk their horses. 
By studying some of the signposts hanging over buildings, Basha spotted the sign shaped like a duck, The Walking Duck Inn, a name no more unusual than some of the other inns they had heard about, The Baron’s Bed, The Potato Hovel, and Tau’s Drink Inn, from some of the guests that had stayed at The Smiling Stallion inn in the past. Still, Fato kept snickering about the name as they directed their horses to the stables at the back. The boys unloaded their packs and handed over the reins of Joko and Talan to stable boys, a little uncertain about leaving their horses with complete strangers, but they trusted that the inn was a good one. They still had their swords strapped on, of course.
Fato alighted on Basha’s shoulder, and settled down, Basha cringing slightly as if the falcon’s talons might be sharp. Oaka shook his head, almost glad that the falcon seemed to be favoring Basha and staying away from him.
As they head towards the front door of the inn, they realized that, apart from the noise of the crowd outside walking along the streets, there was a distinct reverberation coming from inside the inn. The front door opened as they approached, and suddenly another man was hurled out. The young men were barely able to leap back, out of the way of his falling glide, and straightened up again as the front door slammed shut. They watched as the man, who had plopped onto the ground and rolled up into a ball, got up onto his hands and knees and crawled, coughing fluidly and vomiting.
“The pentacle of monkey balnor,” Fato muttered.
Oaka ignored the raptor. “This does not seem to be a very good place to stay,” He said, turning towards Basha.
“Let’s just see what it’s like inside,” Basha said, as if he too would like to leave. “At least it might be better, and we don’t know what it’s like at the other inns. For all we know, this could be the very best one.” He laughed hesitantly. “Come on,” He said, going to the front door slowly.
Oaka sighed, and went after him, as the resonance that they had heard before became a clamor when they entered. The sounds were estranged into bellowing, screaming, thrashing, clapping, clanging, crashing, clinging, slapping, and snapping. 
The sounds shrank their ears, and their eyes widened at the scene, unable to focus on the panorama of chaos taking place in the inn’s common room. For the most part, it seemed the fighting took place between separate groups. Huddles of sparring combatants weaved about the room, dodging tables to pursue opponents in devious styles. Some fellows doggedly stayed in their seats, drinking ale even as beaten men were heaved onto their tables. 
Oaka gasped, unable to believe…suddenly, he was snatched by a man’s hand, and dragged off into the melee, as Basha ducked a dagger flung at him. 
“Basha!” Oaka called, as he was pulled tight into a hug, and the man started to dance with him, out into the middle of the floor.
“Oh, we got it all...” The man sang drunkenly, as a glass of beer smashed behind him and Oaka managed to slip out of his embrace.
“Excuse me,” Oaka said, trying to back up and find Basha again, but someone standing on top of a table poured beer all over him instead.
“‘Oh, we got it all…’” Another group sang and clapped their hands, “‘Right here in Coe Anji!’” They laughed amongst themselves, as Oaka gasped, stunned at how soaking wet he was. He stank of beer.
Oaka sighed and decided to leave instead of looking for Basha. Let him fend for himself, it was all his fault that they were here at all, so he headed towards the door. But then someone grabbed him and, before he could protest, started pummeling him against the back wall. Basha had a lot to answer for, Oaka thought to himself as he shielded away from the blows and tried to reach his sword.

When Basha ducked the dagger, which thudded into the door behind him instead, Fato panicked and flogged Basha with his wings before the bird flew up into the rafters, remote from the repercussions. Basha straightened himself, and shook his head. “That bird is a menace,” He said, brushing away the only feather that had landed on him, and only then did he realize that Oaka had vanished.
“Oaka!” Basha cried, pressing himself against the wall. There was no way he could find…he crept along the wall, scanning to see if there was any of sign of Oaka, or any nearby belligerents. He dived underneath a table.
Basha had been just as worried as Oaka had been for the past day and a half, only he had tried to look forward to whatever lied ahead of them, instead of thinking about what had just past. Poor Sir Nickleby…Basha shuddered, and tried to stay strong, thinking that he would not lose Oaka now.
From his vantage point, forced to breathe through his mouth instead of his nose, trying not to look down at whatever was on the floor, he strained to look up past boots and the occasional bare feet. As one man sagged against the table, Basha wiggled his way out, unable to stand it anymore.
Now crouching, Basha suddenly spotted Oaka at the other end of the room, getting a pummeling from the figure standing in front of him, and though Basha couldn’t see the stranger, small enough to be around their age, he winced as the person wrenched Oaka’s arm behind his back. 
He knew that he shouldn’t have insisted they come in here, into this mess. But now it was too late, and they both had to get out.
So he steeled himself, and tramped out into the mob. He bounded over fallen man, swerved to miss the swing of a bludgeon, and dashed round another table, topped by broken glass and ripped playing cards. Later, remembering how he had grabbed and spun about Oaka’s attacker, he could have sworn he had heard Fato the falcon cackling at him.
For there, at that moment, as Basha balled up his hand into a fist, and contorted his arm back, his eyes widened at the realization that his other hand was griping the shoulder of a young woman. 
And he recognized her. “Monika?” He exclaimed.
“Basha?” She said.
Oaka was trying to reach for his sword again, but Basha waved him off. “What are you doing here?” Basha cried.
“Same to you!” Monika said, tugging herself out of his grip. She crossed her arms, and blew away the sable tresses from her tan face.
“I was…you were beating up my brother!” He said.
Monika paused, and glanced down at his brother. “Oh, this is…what is his name?” Monika asked, turning back to Basha as Oaka glared at them both.
“Oaka.” He said.
“Oaka, sorry about that,” She said, as Oaka slowly started to get up, still wary.
“Did you…did you get to see…?” Basha started to ask.
“What, Basha?” Monika asked.
“Did you get to see…” Suddenly, someone slammed into him, and everything went dark.
Chapter 4: The Warehouse
I see the problem here. She has left me to pick up the
Million different pieces of my heart and soul, cut up
And tossed onto the floor. What am I to do with myself?
Just wait until she comes around again.
--Love song, Mirandor

“Basha!” Oaka cried when Basha had been hit, and Monika ran off, disappearing into the crowd instead of staying. 
Oaka grumbled about her ‘disappearing act’, and rushed over to Basha’s side, checking to see if his brother was all right, unconscious, as Fato came down, also concerned. The innkeeper finally intervened, breaking up the brawl with a desperate and menacing ploy, and those few brawlers left standing were made to clean up the mess, and go see the constable. Oaka managed to convince the innkeeper that he was not involved, and that he had to go tend to his brother. 
Oaka had never seen such a brawl as this. There had been a few fights at The Smiling Stallion inn in the past. Maybe some pints had been thrown and a little beer was spilled, but Geda, Basha, Oaka and even Habala had always been able to break up those fights in the end before they ever escalated. And apparently this brawl started because of a card game, one that the Zarien girl Monika had been involved in, and Oaka huffed over the whole episode, carrying Basha upstairs with some help from the innkeeper of The Walking Duck, as he thought to himself that this whole thing would not have happened if Basha had not gotten involved, walking in, and if this innkeeper had done a better job protecting and serving his guests. His father Geda was much better than…he stopped himself before he got to thinking of home too much.
Oh, Coe Baba, he was not even 200 miles away from it, and yet he already missed it so much. His parents, Habala and Geda, never had he imagined that he would miss them. Oaka shook his head, sitting by Basha’s bed. Sisila was the one he thought most of all about. He had found and read her letter the first night out of Coe Baba, and he had read it over again and again, dying to hear her voice again as he wanted to so much tell her what he was suffering without her. They were in a cramped room, much smaller than the ones in Coe Baba, and the floorboards creaked too much. Oaka remembered his first impression of Coe Anji, a leaning town about ready to topple over with all of the buildings poorly constructed, and he was almost afraid to walk across the floorboards, in case they might collapse beneath him.
Fato, perched on a knob at the end of Basha’s bed, looked at the young man and then turned to Oaka. “So, um...how are you doing, Oaka?”
“Fine, thanks.” Oaka said, not really looking at the bird.
Fato sighed, and turned back to Basha. 
“Urrum...” Basha said, starting to wake up as Fato and Oaka leaned forward. “Ugh...I see...someone who should really thank me,” Basha said to Oaka.
“Thank you? For what?” Oaka asked.
“I got you out of that fight with Monika.” Basha said.
“Basha, you…”
Fato laughed. “Boy, that girl, she sure was something! You couldn’t see yourself, Oaka, but it was quite an event for me! First off, right, I hear you yelling, then I see Basha running off through the crowd, off to rescue his brother in distress!” Fato gasped. “You should have seen yourself. Honestly, I could have been malakeled at that moment when…gasp! It was a little girl who had been beating you up all along! Oh, you were a quivering heap of nerves by the time Basha reached you! But she was just as calm as anything, even when she was caught in the act!” 
“Fato.” Basha and Oaka both said, glaring at the bird.
“All right, all right. Mind you, there is a plaque in Coe Kiki, dedicated to the goddess…‘She is a woman not to be scorned,’” The falcon recited, “‘Tyrant and yet merciful to the meek; Goddess queen and mother of all, Quela rules in these halls of law.’” Fato sighed to himself. “She reminds me of that.”
Oaka shook his head. “I wouldn’t even have been in that fight if Basha hadn’t…why did we stay?” Oaka asked. The bird was strange, and he couldn’t trust it, but Basha, he should be able to trust his adopted brother.
“I did not want to leave without…I did not know what else we were supposed to do,” Basha sighed. “We can leave now if you want.”
“Can’t, I already paid for this room tonight,” Oaka moaned.
“Quibbling over money,” Fato muttered to himself.
“Very expensive it was, much more expensive than in Coe Baba. But we needed this room, for Basha,” Oaka said, glancing over at the bird, “and I dreaded to think how much they might charge at other inns.” 
“How much do we have?” Basha asked.
“We have six silver coins, 45 copper coins, and 38 bronze.” Oaka said. “That is about 108 and an eighth copper coins.”
“Why is it that humans are so concerned with…”
 “Shut up, Fato. That may last us awhile.” Basha said. “A drink might cost 1 copper, a meal or a stay at an inn would cost 5…”
“Telling me to shut up?” Fato remarked, and then muttered to himself.
“Actually, here at The Walking Duck inn, it cost 8 coppers.” Oaka said.
“Eight copper coins a night? At this rate…that does it, we have to leave tomorrow,” Basha said.
“Can’t spend too much money,” Fato said, rolling his eyes.
“Good idea, just what I was thinking.” Oaka said, glancing over at the bird again.
“We will have to buy some things here to make it to Coe Aela, perhaps beyond, and then hope that they might be generous.” Basha said. 
“What, Coe Aela?” Fato gasped, turning towards them. “We’re going to Coe Aela? We can’t do that, why are we doing that?”
“Or bargain a bit on whatever we might want to purchase from them.” Basha said, glancing over at Fato as well. He wondered what had freaked out Fato like this.
“Why is it that…” The bird started to say.
“I miss Sir Nickleby.” Oaka said. “He was quiet, and I swear he had some gold coins.” 
Fato frowned to himself, and shook his head, turning away from them.
“Oaka, I miss him too,” Basha sighed. “He would not have walked us straight into that fight. He was smart enough to avoid such things.”
“Or he would have told us to stay outside, and gone in himself to break up that brawl.” Oaka suggested.
Fato opened his mouth, about to say something, but then decided to stay quiet. Instead, he flapped his way over to the shutters, and then waited for Oaka to open them so that he could fly off through the window. Let them enjoy their reminiscing, or what not, he had some business to take care of before it was too late.
Oaka watched him go, and wished that he could fly as well, back to Coe Baba and Sisila before returning. “Do you suppose that we could ask him to deliver messages back home for us?” Oaka asked. 
“I don’t think we could,” Basha said. “He is supposed to be a royal messenger bird, after all, and that might mean he can only deliver messages for the king and his court.”
Oaka shook his head. “What good is he for?” He muttered as Fato disappeared in the distance.
“Fato has flown off before, have you noticed?” Basha asked after a few moments.
Oaka slowly nodded. “Once or twice, in the forest, but he has flown back within a few minutes.”
“Do you suppose he will come back?” Basha asked.
Oaka smiled. “Doubt it.” He said, closing the shutters firmly. Let him go away, and never return. They were better off without him.
“Do you have paper, pen, or ink?” Basha asked.
Oaka stopped. “Um, I left that in our father’s desk at home, do you suppose we should go back and…”
“Stop that, Oaka,” Basha said, slowly getting out of bed.
“Are you sure you should be moving like that, Basha, so soon after you got hit?” Oaka asked as his brother stood up, and walked around a bit.
“I could ask you the same, Oaka,” Basha retorted, and then shook his head. “I need to move before I get stuck in here all night long, and I need to find us a paper shop or a vendor who sells writing supplies so that we can write our letter home.”
“Not even 200 miles away,” Oaka muttered, rolling his eyes.
“We need to send word back that Sir Nickleby is dead, and that we are fine. I do not think they expected us to make it even this far.” Basha said.
“They were almost right.” Oaka said.
“I’m going!” Basha said, turning to the door.
“Try not to get lost!” Oaka called.
Basha managed to find a vendor, with directions from the innkeeper, that sold writing supplies, and then returned back to the inn. Oaka was downstairs in the common room waiting for him, and together they ate dinner and composed the letter. Early the next morning, Basha went out and found the post office of Coe Anji, which surprisingly was not that much bigger than Coe Baba’s post office.
“How much does it cost to deliver a letter to Coe Baba?” Basha asked, as a vendor down the road called out “Parsley, sage, rosemary, thyme!”
“Coe Baba? It depends.” The postmaster of Coe Anji said.
“Depends on what?” Basha asked.
“Slow or fast.” The postmaster said. “Slow means we throw your letter into this bag marked ‘Coe Baba’,” The postmaster said, holding up a near empty bag, “and wait for the bag to fill up with letters and packages people want to send to Coe Baba before we deliver it. Could be, on average, somewhere between two to three months.” The postmaster said.
“Three months?” Basha cried, and shook his head. “Fast?” He inquired.
“We send it straight to Coe Baba by special courier, who will hand it over to the postmaster once he or she arrives there. Maybe even into the hands of the person the letter is meant for.”
“Price?” Basha asked.
“Five coppers for slow, 40 coppers for fast.”
“Forty? Why?”
“We have to pay the courier, and cover the expenses of their travel, room and board, food, horse, extra expenses have to be paid by the receiver of the message.” The postmaster said with a shrug. “Frankly, it is a loss of profit for us.”
Basha sighed. “Slow it is, then,” He said, handing over the letter and counting out the five coppers. It probably did not matter if the letter arrived in Coe Baba two or three months from now, perhaps it was even for the best, because he suspected that he and Oaka were going to have a tough time from here on out, especially if the Black Wolves returned to chase them. Perhaps their parents, receiving some word that he and Oaka were all right a few months ago, might forget their fears and anxieties for just a little while, and remember that once they were very happy together. Any sort of news was better than none, after all, and time softened the blow of loss.

“Come one, come all, come see the fight of the year, Cegiloni and Puyeti!” The town crier cried, standing by the tent with the sounds of the fight warming up inside, and the crowd roaring even louder. 
Basha and Oaka had been wandering around the market town for most of the afternoon, having purchased supplies in the morning. They debated whether or not to stay another night. Fato had not returned at all, and while Oaka was glad of this, Basha was worried that perhaps they had been too harsh on the falcon.
“Too harsh? That falcon…” Oaka shook his head, and then glared at the town crier. “Cegiloni and Puyeti…pugilist fight?” He yelled back.
“That’s right, come step right up, only two coppers per admission!” The town crier declared, pulling the curtain aside.
“Two coppers? That’s not too bad,” Oaka said, starting forward with his sheathed sword swaying at his side.
“Come on, Oaka,” Basha said, trying to stop him with his own sheathed sword swaying as well. “After what happened with the brawl yesterday and Sir Nickleby the day before, do you really want to…”
“Basha, we might have to,” Oaka said, turning towards him. “I’ve never been afraid of anything before in my whole life, but these last few days…Basha, I’m afraid that I might not be able to make it through all of this.” He said. “I’ve been thinking a lot about home.” He said.
Basha sighed. “I don’t know what to say. I suppose I have been thinking a lot about home, too, and Jawen, but I don’t want you to go. I’m still thinking about going on. I don’t know what’s going to happen next, but…”
“Then let me handle this, Basha,” Oaka said, turning towards the tent. “Let me face my fears, and decide for myself if it is worth the risk,” He said, paying the admission fee and going in.
Basha hesitated, and then followed suit. They had seen sparring matches at home before on festival days, just a couple of fellows hitting each other about before one of them fell over and the other one was declared the victor, nothing to get upset about.
One, two, slam! punches to the face, with the third knocking the other man’s head back; blood spurted forth from the man’s mouth as a tooth fell out. Basha choked on some vomit threatening to issue forth from his own mouth as he heard the townspeople and visitors gathered around him shout, “Make him pay!” “Finish him!” or just cheered at the sight of blood. 
Basha looked about, hoping to see any other sign of sanity, someone else who was as disgusted and horrified as he was with this display. But the only other person here who seemed to be suffering just like he was Oaka, who gagged a little bit as well. Perhaps they were the only ones here who had ever seen such kind of violence and bloodshed in the death of Sir Nickleby, of someone they knew, or at least a hint of what sort of death it was when the Wolves were howling, and the horses were galloping so fast to get away from the scene. 
He hoped that was the case. He hoped that no one else here was immune to the effects of that sort of violence.
Basha knew that they had to get out of here. Even though they had come in here to face their fears, and maybe even get to see what all of the fuss was about, he worried that the people screaming and yelling, stirred up into such frenzy, would turn on themselves.
He tapped Oaka on the shoulder, pointed to the nearest tent wall once he had Oaka’s attention, and told him, “Go! Go! Go!” 
Even though he couldn’t hear himself think straight over the crowd noise, Oaka seemed to get the message. Soon they both were leaving, trying to push and shove their way out of the crowd without offending anybody. They would not get caught up in something terrible again. 
Basha felt embarrassed about leaving like this, as if he wasn’t man enough to face the crowd and this fight, but he knew that it was for the best. Once they were outside in the alleyway between the tent and a one-story building, having pushed aside a tent flap that hadn’t been tied down properly, then they both started throwing up.
He had run away before, Basha realized, from the mud-ball turnip fight, from Jawen when her father came, from Sir Nickleby when the Black Wolves devoured him…had he ever stood up for anything? Maybe when he had made his oath to Jawen, but otherwise…
“Basha, what was that in there?” Oaka asked, wiping off vomit from his mouth. The crowd on the other side of the tent was only slightly muffled by the amount of canvas covering them. The rest of their surroundings, the warehouse district of this town’s port, was oddly quiet as Basha and Oaka were the only two people to be seen outside these squat, unassuming buildings that seemed to be lined up, row after row, for a mile around. Where was that town crier that had lured them inside the tent? Basha thought, he couldn’t hear him. He felt bad about everything, about everything he had ever run away from.
“That was something I hope never to see again,” Basha said, staring down at the bricks he had just splattered with vomit before he shuddered all over. He hated himself for getting so sick, but it was a natural reaction, was it not? Why was no one else as sick as him and Oaka? He hated himself for reasoning like this, just like he had tried to reason with himself after leaving Jawen’s house, excuses for cowardly behavior.
It didn’t make any sense to him that they had to be the ones to sneak out, and throw up like a bunch of girls. HeHHe shook his head, and said, “I don’t know, I suppose that is what you would call a ‘bloodbath’.” Basha hesitated.
Oaka sighed. “Basha…”
“Hey! Boys!” They heard a loud whisper that they recognized, as who could not, once you got to know it so well, that screeching voice was not something you would forget. They looked up to see Fato perched on the ledge of a high window into the building that they stood beside. Basha was surprised to see him up there, so close to where they were before. He wondered if Fato had tracked them down, if falcons like him had a sense of smell like a dog. 
Oaka looked stunned as well, although a bit green. Hopefully he wasn’t going to throw up again.
“Where have you been, Fato?” Basha asked, out of obligation, and curious as well when he wanted to find out if the falcon had traveled far. “And what are you doing up there?” 
“I’ve been looking around, now keep quiet!” Fato hissed at him, never minding that the sound of the crowd swallowed up just about everything else around. The bird was hunkered down, looking into the dirty little window, except for when he turned his head around to face the two young men below. “I don’t know what’s going on here, but there’s something you two should see in here.” He said. “It involves that girl from yesterday, and it could be very dangerous.”
“Monika?” Basha said as he and Oaka looked at each other, both taken aback by Fato’s statement. The roar of the crowd seemed to be getting louder, as if there might be a victor after all. 
“That girl?” Oaka asked, horrified as he turned away from Basha. “The one that tried to beat me up? No thanks,” He said, shuddering. “I don’t want to get involved with her again,” He said, turning to his younger brother. “Right, Basha?” 
Basha frowned, however, and turned to ask Fato, “What is she doing?” He did not want to get involved in this, whatever it was, any more than Oaka did, but he just had to know what was going on in there before he decided.
“She’s talking to a couple of guys, four or five, six.” Fato said, tense as he frowned at what he saw happening inside. “They don’t look very smart, nor do they look very friendly. She’s got a sword, but she’s definitely outnumbered by these six other men and they have swords too.” Fato said.
The falcon usually seemed not to be perturbed by anything, except for what was dire. Basha thought Fato had taken a keen interest in this case, and perhaps they should as well. He wondered again what Fato had been doing this past day, if he had been following around Monika instead.
The crowd started growing restless, chanting something over and over again.
 “Oh, come on, you don’t think we should…”
“Are they just talking?” Basha asked Fato. If this was serious, if they should act like Fato seemed to want them to…he was not sure that they were ready for such a fight. He did not pay any attention to Oaka just now.
“It looks like they’re just talking, but, you know, it looks like the type of talk you have when you are about to face an opponent,” Fato said, turning towards Basha with alacrity. “Sizing up their strengths and weaknesses, determining where to attack first, that sort of thing.” He said. Fato seemed to be challenging them.
Basha felt his hand slipping down towards the pommel of his sword in its sheath, fingering it.
“Basha, you don’t think…you don’t want to get involved in any of this.” Oaka said, laughing nervously. “You don’t want to get involved in any sort of fight where you might actually get hurt, do you?” 
Basha said nothing as Oaka exclaimed, “We just got out of one like this!” pointing back towards the tent, where it seemed like another fight had broken out, this time in the crowd with the way the tent-sides were wavering back and forth. But he also meant the inn brawl, and the Black Wolves. Basha stood there, thinking to himself how had he gotten here in the middle of all this, with everything breaking down around him?
“Basha, she’s stepping back, and reaching for her sword!” Fato exclaimed.
Basha said, “But that was a brawl, not a fight, a brawl of pain and pleasure, not for anything significant.”
“Basha, she’s saying something sternly.”
“And the inn was the same, but the Black Wolves…Sir Nickleby saved us so that we might be safe, and continue on,” Basha said. “And Monika, what is she doing here? What is she doing here that could be so important as to risk her own life?”
“You don’t know anything about this.” 
“Oaka.”
“It might not break out into a fight.” Oaka said. “It could be meaningless, and not at all important for what you know.”
“They’re reaching for their swords, boys!” Fato exclaimed.
“It could be her fault!” Oaka shouted. “It might be that she deserves to be killed!”
“Oaka, shut up!” Basha shouted back at him. “No one deserves to be killed, especially if they have done nothing wrong, nothing important, that is,” He said before Oaka could object that she probably had done something wrong. “She is a person like any other.”
“They’re doing it, they’re doing it, they’re attacking her!” Fato cried, turning around to face them. “Help her!”
“We have to help her!” Basha shouted at Oaka. “Malakel it, it’s a matter of courage and honor!” Basha said before he quickly unsheathed his sword and opened the warehouse door.

Basha and Oaka charged into the warehouse, Oaka convinced more by Basha’s action than by his speech, when Basha was doing exactly what he said he would do, and someone needed to be by his side for this, to protect him from his ‘idiotic failings’. The others looked up and turned their heads, surprised and staring. There was a sound then, somewhere in the warehouse, perhaps a hush descending over the proceedings? The six fellows toward the back of the warehouse stood at attention with their swords drawn, and Monika stood at attention in front of them as well with her sword drawn, but this time she definitely was outnumbered and she also had a different stance. The other fellows were sort of lopsided and hulking, always with one shoulder blade raised at least, but Monika stood in a manner similar to Basha when he was prepared to attack, though her sword arm was lower.
“What are you two doing?” Monika cried.
“Get them!” The leader of the six-some cried, and the others charged forward as well.
“We are here to rescue you!” Basha yelped as they clashed, sword upon sword. Was someone screaming?
“Oh, that’s sweet, now get down!” Monika cried as the leader, having diverted them, knocked down some crates to obliterate them. Basha and Oaka both just managed to escape, with Monika having already jumped out of the way, just in time with one of the other fellows getting hit instead, smashed into by heavy debris.
“Emph!” Basha said, slamming against a wall, with Monika shouting, “You two should never have come in here!”
“We already figured that out!” Oaka shouted, getting up as he was forced to defend himself again. “Fire! Fire!” He kept repeating, for some reason, but nothing happened.
“Follow me!” Monika cried, advancing on the enemy as Basha lied there, stunned and unable to move for a moment. He wished that he was somewhere peaceful instead, a place where he wouldn’t be disturbed; someplace where he wouldn’t have to fear or worry, someplace where he could feel safe, warm, and welcome instead. He didn’t even get that at home. He turned his head, and saw that a crate had busted open next to him. Something was sticking out of it, something that he needed in that moment. 
Basha crawled over there, and reached in, grabbed it, a black sheath, and removed a sword, but unlike any he had ever seen. The blade was curved like a fang, a saber-tooth thick in width even down to its tip with a broad sloping arc, although it was short, barely more than two feet in length. The blade was sharp and seemed to be made with the finest quality of steel available. Wavy lines seemed to be forged within the steel itself, although it was a bit faded with age. What was this thing? For some reason, despite its grim exterior and purpose, it comforted him, made him feel safe.
High above, Fato looked down upon the proceedings. “Is that…no. No way, no, no, no.” Fato hissed to himself, watching Basha unsheathe the new sword from its scabbard. He did not even realize what he was saying, but he knew that this was wrong, that this should not be happening, that…Fato closed his eyes, overwhelmed by the sense that he was reliving one of the worst moments in his life.
Basha dropped his old sword, which did not bother him in the least, as the old sword did not fit him, nor did it feel comfortable enough for him anymore, it did not feel safe. There was a guttural sound, as if people were talking in the distance. He beheld the blade of his new sword, which felt right to him, his hand grasping the leather grip that seemed to be almost black, and he felt something that he had not felt since the first time he had kissed Jawen, or the last time; he felt something roar into life inside of him.
“I am Basha, and I bind this sword to me, and I need help.” He said, as he turned and twisted, striking the blade of the sword being swung at him by one of the bandits with his new sword’s blade. He got up onto his feet and swung back, without much effort, using the skills taught to him by Sir Nickleby, yet he was guided by something else. 
The blade of the new sword he used just seemed to know when and where to strike, to topple down the bandit, the man, within a matter of moments, bleeding all over the floor. Basha gasped, looking down at the man…was he dead? Fato screeched. Another man…Basha defended himself again, this time not quite trusting the process as he was hesitant in his moves, yet still he understood; this blade seemed to know how to dispatch an opponent, not quite kill him, but still severely wound him. Basha saw the actions, and he did not recognize one or two of them, advance moves he had not learned from Sir Nickleby…what was this?
Fato flapped his wings, and continued screeching, panic-stricken. Why wouldn’t he shut up? Basha wondered. It was starting to get annoying.
Two men down, one…Basha turned, Oaka was severely pinned down, he could sense that even before he saw it, and he rushed over to attack the man attacking Oaka.
“Basha, what…” Oaka said, and then his eyes widened as he saw the two previous opponents lying behind Basha. He turned, and watched Basha dispatch another opponent.
“This isn’t you...” Oaka slowly backed away.
Basha gasped, and turned; he stared at Monika, who already had dealt with her own opponents, and now was watching the proceedings like Fato was. “What have you done?” She asked, not looking at him, but staring at his new sword instead.
There were other people here. “I needed help...” He said, still slightly stunned as the warehouse doors opened. Fato finally stopped screeching, a blessed relief, Basha thought as he lowered his new sword. He turned around, and a group of men in uniform came in. He recognized their uniforms, from Sir Nickleby’s descriptions and from seeing them from afar once or twice, as belonging to those of the Border Guards. Basha tucked the sword behind his back, not certain if…
Their commander, a major, stormed forward. “Monika, what have you done?” He cried. “You were supposed to trap them until we came in here!”
“And you were late!” Monika said. “You were supposed to come in here when I needed help, not leave me alone until I was about to be killed.” She then pointed at Basha and Oaka. “And then these two just burst in here!”
Basha and Oaka stood to the side, watching and listening to all of this in confusion as something flapped over their heads. Basha was trying to concentrate on the conversation, but other things swam into his focus; the smells, the horrible smells, the people crying or else being really silent, their breaths held in expectation as they tried not to move.
“We saw them come in here, we didn’t know if they were after you too or if…” The major shook his head. “Drop your swords!” He ordered.
Basha and Oaka did just that, raising their hands up above their heads as Basha hoped they wouldn’t take away his sword. He lost focus on everything else but what was happening in front of him.
“Get the others chained up.” The major instructed one of his men.
“They weren’t after me, they were rescuing me!” Monika sarcastically said. “Or so they say. One of them, Basha here, I met him a couple of months ago in Coe Baba. Decent sort of fellow, or so I thought, but I didn’t expect him and his brother to be here today, following me. And he did most of the damage here!”
Basha was hurt by what she had to say, but he also was thinking…oh, Tau, what had he done here, thinking of those three men he had dispatched, and how easily they had fallen...
“We weren’t following you!” Oaka said. “We didn’t have a clue where you were! We were attending the fight next door, and then we had a falcon…” He groaned.
“A likely enough story for idiots!” The major paused. “Who’s laughing?” He yelled, looking around.
“Me, major!” A voice called, and they all looked up at the falcon perched on top of one of the crates. “My name is Fato the falcon, royal messenger bird extraordinaire. I led these boys in here. I told them what I saw from that window over there, and I was the one who followed this girl Monika in the first place, not because of them. My oath as a royal messenger bird of King Sonnagh, major, their story is true. They just happened to be here, innocent bystanders who decided to give aid.”
Aid? Was this aid? Basha wanted to ask. Fato did, indeed, seem to be calmer than he was before. Probably because he was just frightened of the fight.
“Why does Fato always miss the fights?” Oaka whispered to Basha. 
Basha felt like throwing up; he did indeed swallow back some vomit.
“Do you vouch for these boys, falcon?” The major asked as he frowned.
“I do indeed vouch for these boys. They have good character, even the cowardly one.” Fato said with a smirk. Yet he still seemed uneasy as well.
Oaka grimaced as Basha shuddered, and then Monika said, “All right, they were helpful when I needed them, but why didn’t you come in?” She asked the major.
“We had the medium here try to observe the proceedings, but he couldn’t get a clear picture!” The major remarked.
“It was too blurry, something was interfering,” The ‘medium’, a thin man who could barely fit in his large uniform, remarked. “We had too many people involved here, not just you three and the smugglers, but also the others,” He hesitated. “And then there was something else very disturbing that showed up near the end of your fight.”
“What others?” Basha asked desperately.
“The smugglers were bringing in human cargo.” The medium started to say.
Basha fainted at this point.

“The tiger, I felt him, if only for a brief moment,” Doomba hissed, turning to one of his Ghoulmen lieutenants. 
“The tiger?” The Ghoulman asked, curious.
“He is here, alive, awake, whatever you might call it,” Doomba said, turning away from the Ghoulman to stare off into the distance, the shadows wreathing about his neck. “The tiger is stirring, stirring with an intensity that could sweep away kingdoms, young and fierce. It only lasted a brief moment before it faded, subdued again into whatever subconscious contains it,” Doomba said, frowning to himself as the shadow wreath coiled tighter. “Yet I can just sense him out of my sight and out of my reach as well. I cannot control it.”
“Calm down, sire,” The Ghoulman lieutenant said, bowing his head in a snipeish manner.
“He is here, the impression of his presence still lingers on in my mind, yet I cannot control or fathom it.” Doomba said, ignoring the lieutenant’s protestation. “There is just no clear distinction between him and the mass of huddled people out there in the world, yet just the mere hint of his presence drives me mad. It is too much for me.”
“Calm down, sire, we will find him.” The Ghoulman said.
“Search for him then!” Doomba cried, turning upon the lieutenant. “Search far and wide, never give up until you have found him. I, too, shall never give up until I know he is dead, dead enough not to harm me.”
“Harm you?” The Ghoulman asked, his ears, or what one could call his ears, narrow slits as they were alongside his head, pricking up.
“Never mind that!” Doomba cried, pushing back against the lieutenant with the force of his power. “He cannot harm me anymore than I shall allow him.” Doomba said, nodding as the Ghoulman lieutenant cowered in the corner. “No mortal wound shall strike me down, I will rise up again. The tiger is stirring, and we must find him!” He insisted.
The lieutenant nodded and left him, skittering off, perhaps to pass on the order to his fellow lieutenants and subordinates, or to cower elsewhere. It made no difference in the end. Doomba slumped back into his throne. He had waited for so many years, not just for the tiger but for other things as well, that he had forgotten how to stand and move properly. His body rotted from the inside out, what rotten luck, and so he could not budge far from his chair with very little physical strength. He was stuck here. The tiger was familiar to him now, and Doomba desired to stand, and march out to stalk his ultimate opponent, but it was only his inability to do much more than sit, wait, and watch for the tiger that stopped him.
Yet he still had his power, which was able to sustain him and his network of shadows for all these years, that was some good news.
His senses stretched out across Salarria, although he could not single out an individual for very long with such a wide range, and some areas seemed to be blocked out entirely. He gathered as much intelligence as he could about these blocked-off areas from his Servants and Followers who were able to slip in and out of these areas unnoticed, although sometimes they weren’t heard from again. 
He was disturbed by these disappearances and absences occasionally, wondering if there was something taking place in those blocked-off areas that he was missing, perhaps the tiger. But then again, these areas were so far away from him that whatever was taking place there could not possibly reach him, or at least not yet, especially when there were so many Followers and Servants between him and there, ready to shield him if necessary. Perhaps one or two or three Servants and Followers going missing was nothing to worry about at the moment, especially when they were taking such enormous risks, and it should be expected that there would be losses, but eventually the tiger would arise from his hiding place to strike at Doomba, and he had to be ready to face this foe.
His Servants and Followers were very loyal to him, or as loyal as they could be when he sometimes used them to sustain himself. He promised them immortality, a chance at something more than themselves, and an opportunity to gain power. He also promised that he would spare their miserable little lives from his wrath and torment once he had gained enough power to control everything. 
He gave them very little of what he promised them during their lifetimes, though, as they often had such short life-spans, and he often could sleep away 20 years in the blink of an eye. He also didn’t trust them sometimes, especially the humans, as they did have the habit of trying to grab too much power for themselves, and occasionally would try to break out of his control. 
Thus, he trusted very few of them with knowledge of the tiger’s existence, what the creature could do to him, as he doubted that they would stay with him then. He gave them only enough knowledge to try and track the tiger down, with dim scents and the estimations of locations he provided from his own fuzzy knowledge. He promised them great reward for the capture of the tiger and ordered that they should bring any suspected tiger to Coe Doomba so that he could determine whether or not it was the real tiger in person.
However, it never was the real tiger. Despite these limitations, at least he could now sense the real tiger approaching, and he would be ready for it.
As the Ghoulman wandered off to relay its orders, it passed by a Trolla talking to its friends. “I don’t understand it. I left the pickaxe on the ground, right by my feet. Next thing I know, it’s gone. Impossible to figure out who stole it.”
“It’s not that impossible, it’s probably one of the animals stealing it.” One of its friends remarked. “Have you checked them out?”
“I already have.” The Trolla said. “It didn’t work, none of them will confess to any crime. And the pickaxe was stolen right out from under me. Who could have done such a thing without being noticed?”

Chapter 5: In Between
The boy, he is lost and he is alone, he
Does not know where to go. To whom
Does he turn to in his hour of need? What
Spell or god can protect him in his hour of darkness?
--Proverb of Manhood, Urso

As had become her habit, Habala snuck into her sons’ bedroom and picked out Basha’s copy of Legends of Arria, from which she read:

The Ocean Myth
From the fissures of Day’s and Night’s union, however, an egg had been dropped, and that egg contained three sons and a daughter. Day and Night had not been male or female, nor were their children completely fixed as such when their genders could be changed. But three sons and a daughter had been born because their genders had been fixed in the minds of the people who heard the story, and in the minds of their children afterward who were born and heard the story from them.
The three sons were Popo, Loqwa, and Menthar, born in that order, while the daughter was Mila, who was either the oldest or the youngest, depending on what you believed. Popo, Loqwa, Menthar and Mila fell into the ocean from the sky while Day and Night mated. However, the children could not breathe underwater, because they were born in the sky and breathed air, while they could not swim because they had not learned how and it was unnatural to them. And so they sank, drowning underwater; Day and Night were unaware of what was happening below them, with the children that were born, distracted and absorbed with their own mating. The world did not exist for them yet, and they had no knowledge of the consequences of their actions yet as the light was not bright enough yet to illuminate everything.
Meanwhile, the children of Day and Night reacted differently to drowning, depending on what they thought. Popo thundered with anger and fear. He was certain that he was the oldest, and certain that he was drowning, when he could not breathe and there was water all around him. That made him angry; he was set against dying on principle, because he knew that he would have to live to lead the others. There was no one else besides him who could be the leader, as far as he was aware of, and he knew that he would set a bad example for his siblings, who were the only other beings that existed as far as he knew, by dying before he got the chance to live. That made him afraid when he didn’t know what else to do in this situation except drown. He thundered because it was in his power to do so, but it made no noise below water and was useless otherwise.
Menthar burned with lightning and hatred. Lightning was his power, and he used it because he did not want to waste it. He had been given fire, and he would burn it for as long as he was able, while it was in his possession, because it belonged to him. He burned with fire from the sky, fire from the sun that he was a part of, and he belonged in the sky, blazing alongside the sun, because they were twins. 
Menthar knew that he did not belong in the water. He hated being in the water. Being quenched from burning more than he could if he had been in the sky, and drowning in the water that robbed him of air he needed to breathe, and stoke the fire deep inside. He hated dying. He hated dying, and he hated the water. He wanted to live and burn, to rage against dying. Of course, that didn’t mean he could do anything about dying; though he burned, there was too much water, and he kept getting snuffed out every time he tried to burn so that only smoke came out.
While Menthar and Popo both sank at an equal rate together at the same level, being useless about doing anything other than struggling and fuming needlessly at their drowning, their other two siblings were different. Loqwa sank faster than the others because he was actually trying to sink down faster, diving in a way that he was pointed straight down at the bottom and tried to move towards it, not looking up at the sun. 
Loqwa did not want the sun that had dropped them. He felt abandoned by his mother and father, whoever they were, and he wanted to drown and die because there was too much effort in struggling against the water and death. There was too much going against him in trying to reach for something higher like life and the sky when there was calmness and serenity in the depths, if he surrendered. He was tired of his older siblings’ bombast and their games to survive already when they were only prolonging the inevitable, and he wanted to embrace the nothingness that existed in death rather than wait. Besides, Loqwa was half certain that there was something, down deep below the surface of the water, he could feel it, that was beyond explanation, and beyond life. That had to be explored, and he wanted to go beyond death...
Mila, however, struggled towards the surface and the light. She saw it, perhaps even more than her siblings did, her brothers, because she was looking up while the others were interested in looking down (Loqwa), or at each other (Popo), or at themselves (Menthar). She was reaching out, and branching out, towards the sun. She felt the warmth of the sun and of the surface, even through the water, and thought that she wanted life from the sun. She wanted to be comforted by the sun, who was her mother, and to be met with the sky, who was her father. She wanted to breathe again, and to be free of water, because she remembered, deep inside, that there was more than water; there was sky. 
Her hope sustained her, and she grew toward that sky.
Their struggles disturbed the water as they were the only things moving in the water with such strength, fury, and purpose, mainly to escape, or not, as the case may be. They churned the ocean with their powers, and the water was riled up all the way down to the ocean floor as the ocean recognized them as outsiders, children of Day and Night. While they struggled, rain and stars fell from the sky, and the sun and the moon shone over the ocean, and at this point, the ocean realized they were meant to live in the sky. The powerful forces were commanding it to let them go. They could not die down here, out of the sky, and the ocean had to get rid of them before the sky got angry at the ocean for losing them.
So the ocean floor rose up to meet them at this point, and take them to the sky when the water could not hold them. Loqwa, who was still diving when this happened, did not want to surface when the ocean floor rose up to greet him. He continued going downward, this time digging as he created valleys, trenches, and canyons in the ocean floor in his attempt to escape life. But as he did so, however, he opened holes, holes to other dimensions, and other worlds, that he could look through and see what was on the other side. And so he knew that death was not the end of life, but rather the beginning of something more. He was interested in this, in finding out more about the other side, even as they came closer to life.
Popo, meanwhile, started urging the ocean floor to rise higher and faster with his powers. As he realized what was happening, that they were being saved by the ocean, he wondered why they were being saved, what purpose they might have in order to live. Yet as he created mountains and hills in this manner, their peaks rising above and beyond his sight, he realized that he had a higher purpose in life, not death; by attempting to escape death, he had used his powers, and those powers were greater than himself. And so Popo called himself a god because of those powers, the very first one as he thought he deserved to live and use these powers for the greater good of the world he might help to create.
Even though Menthar was being saved by the ocean, he was still angry at the water, and burned even hotter and faster as they got closer to the surface and air. He boiled the water around him, and as he did so, microscopic creatures that lived in the water, and had lived there even before the sky had been created, were sparked with new life, real life as they started growing into the creatures of land and sky. The ocean creatures that were created wiggled off the rising ocean floor, and back into the sea, although a few creatures would live in between. 
Menthar burned minerals in the water as well, which got embedded inside the rock and land that was forming and became gems and precious materials buried deep inside the earth. Yet Menthar did not realize what he was doing as, so furious still, he could not fathom the life being returned to him, only of the bad that had been done to him, and his thoughts could not rest so long as he lived in remembrance of the hatred he had felt and of what had happened to him. And these thoughts would eventually lead to his undoing as, affected by such bad thoughts, he would do more to spread evil throughout his existence than to dispel it. For though the evil that he was about to deliver was not natural to him, in the sense that he came down from the sky just as pure as his brothers and sister, he was still infected by the demon of hatred and envy. Loqwa might have released this demon when he was digging deep into the ocean floor, and opened a hole into another world that Menthar’s liquid fire, lava, flowed through, and entered out of, but Menthar’s mind was still the source of this demon.
And his acts would not be forgotten by others, nor would he be alone in doing such acts, for the creatures that had grown because of his rage and his fury would be affected by the warmth of his immortal fire in that water for the rest of their lives. They would feel passion and hatred for each other, and feed upon each other to stay alive all of their existence, and the evil would spread.
Mila realized that they were being saved when she felt the ocean floor bearing her up alongside her brothers. But she did not question this event as she knew that the sky must have intervened with the ocean to save them. Instead she thanked the sky for his help, and then went to the task of setting things up for the return to the sky; namely, she started growing the underwater plants into trees and the forest as she thought to herself that the trees would be necessary for helping them to breathe on the surface, making air for the sky. And the ocean floor broke the surface at last, becoming land.
The four gods inhaled deeply and then stepped out, looking around at each other and at the land surrounding them. It was fully formed, with mountains, hills, forests, rivers and lakes (where the ocean had not completely drained away), valleys, and more. The four gods were closest to the forest that Mila had made as they realized that only part of the ocean floor had risen up with them; the land was surrounded by ocean. And though there might be more land in the distance, where the ocean had attempted to catch and find them in their struggles, still it wasn’t quite so big. And the sky was still above them; they reached up to the sky, hoping to be taken back up into the sun and the clouds, but Day and Night were yet negligent of their four children.
Popo, Mila, Menthar and Loqwa realized they could not expect to be rescued any more than they already had, and so the four gods turned to face one another. While underwater, they had been so concerned about themselves that they had not taken notice of each other enough to think about the others as individuals. Instead, they had been aware that there were siblings, or other relatives, struggling close by just like them, but not enough to know what their characters were.
Popo could now see his siblings in broad daylight, and he appraised them as he assumed that he would be their new leader now, and he needed to know who he would be dealing with here. They were a ragtag bunch, especially Menthar and Loqwa, when his two brothers seemed sullen for some reason, but at least Mila was pretty enough and seemed pleasant enough to be a good companion for him. Popo assumed he would be paired with her when the other two weren’t so pleasant to be around, and she might side towards him out of fear of the others or empathy for him.
Menthar was scowling at everyone, especially Popo and Loqwa when his two brothers seemed too solemn and serious. But he softened at the sight of Mila, who seemed to be warm and forgiving--easy to bend and easy to break, perhaps, if he wanted to get close to her.
Loqwa was uncertain about his siblings. He saw some strange looks being exchanged between Popo and Menthar, angry, hateful looks, before their eyes were all directed at Mila, almost hungrily. He did not comment on their behavior, but only watched, as he felt like he shouldn’t intervene. For one thing, his brothers seemed to ignore him out of natural instinct, like they wanted to look away from him and not acknowledge him out of fear of acknowledging the inevitable, death. He did not quite like that. He was no worse, and might even be better, than they were. 
Yet he did not intervene in this situation now because he wanted to be attended to and paid attention to just like Mila was, but that would only happen when he was needed in this situation. Then he might be acknowledged as being just as important as any of his siblings. Meanwhile, Mila was a little uncertain about her siblings as well. For though she could not know that she was the cause of the tension beneath the surface, she knew that something was amiss, and that she might be the target of it. Her brothers had been affected—especially Popo and Menthar, who seemed to be circled around her, and staring at each other—and she was afraid that whatever might happen next, she would be affected as well, and changed like they were. She turned, and saw Loqwa staring at her with a sad look in his eyes. She edged away from him, closer to Popo and Menthar, and then realized what she was doing.

Habala stopped reading Basha’s copy of Legends of Arria at this point, vaguely uncomfortable, as if the myth with Menthar and Popo and Mila reminded her of…she could not imagine what exactly, although it pulsated in her mind, the two brothers and the girl they both loved. She did not like to think about that part of her life, when she had been so young and naive, and it had been so long ago that she was an entirely different person now, or so she hoped. 
She would like to think that she had changed since then, and that she could excuse her actions then as those of an amused, whimsical girl whose perceptions, narrowed as they were by years spent living in the forest, had broadened only after her mistake. She would rather shutter off that part of her memories and of herself to another part of her mind, somewhere she could forget about them, but she could not really. She had to remember so that she would not make that same mistake again.
In any case, she closed the book, put it back on the shelf, and left the boys’ bedroom, shutting the door behind her and turning around, only to nearly collide with Brigga. Brigga stopped, clutching a hamper basket of bed linen close to her that she had just brought in from the clothesline, and curtseyed as best she could. “I am sorry, ma’am,” Brigga began, eying the floor, “I should have watched where I am going.”
“Instead of watching where I am,” Habala said, and then stopped herself. “No, I am sorry, I…how is Nisa?” She asked.
“Recovering slowly, it was a bad illness,” Brigga said, nodding as she looked up. “She eats very little now, but at least she’s managing to eat, and keep it down in her stomach, which is a relief to me.”
“Good, glad to hear that,” Habala said, slightly disgusted by the description as she started to turn and head for the back door and the kitchen.
“However, I think she might be considering not coming back for a while longer.” Brigga said over her shoulder to Habala in a low voice.
“What do you mean?” Habala asked, turning back and staring at her.
“I mean that when Nisa is well, she might to decide to visit her cousin, a few miles away from here.” Brigga said, turning to Habala. “She just had a baby.”
“A baby? Her cousin?” Habala asked, arching an eyebrow. “Is this the truth?”
Brigga sighed. “What is wrong with you? Of course it is the truth.”
“It’s nothing, I’m just wondering, that is all,” Habala said, looking down at the floor as Brigga started to leave. “What is the name of your daughter’s cousin, your niece I imagine?” She asked.
“Hestia,” Brigga said, going towards the common room and the stairs up to the guest rooms.
“Hestia.” Habala muttered, shaking her head. “Right, Hestia.” She went outside, deciding not to follow Brigga for now, especially when she had her own chores to take care of at the moment, but she would have a talk with her childhood friend soon about Nisa. Brigga could not keep up with this lie.

The Old Man was out on patrol as he usually was during the day, maintaining the magical shield surrounding Coe Baba and making sure that nothing was amiss, when he had stopped for a moment to watch as Brigga took down dry bed linen from the clothesline in the inn yard. She had gone to work at the inn, just like Nisa had said she would, that was good, the Old Man thought to himself vaguely, but mostly, he watched Brigga’s fluid movements as she untied the twists on the line, folded up the linen, and placed them back in the hamper basket. Though she was not as young as she once was, having spent years at work and raising a child on her own, she was just as beautiful, perhaps even more so, than she had been as a young adult, not long after her childhood years. 
Brigga was an exceptional woman, the Old Man thought to himself, able to stand up to any challenge that stood in her way, and remain undeterred. She always had been that way, it was what had attracted her to him and him to her in the first place, and he had thought then that she might be able to handle…he shook his head, and sighed to himself. He never should have assumed that she would be able to handle a long-term relationship with him, especially when it was so strange. 
The age differences between them was phenomenal, lifetimes’ and generations’ worth that the Old Man had lived through, and he felt that age difference whenever he was with Brigga, remembering all of the people that he had loved so long ago, and now they were gone, nothing more than dust. One day, Brigga would, most likely, be nothing more than dust in his hands, and he would be left alone once more. He did not want to live through that pain again. 
Brigga did not understand, Brigga could not fully comprehend his pain, and all of that time he had lived through, when she had lived just a brief span of that time. She could only experience just a small amount of time with him before she was gone for good and he did not want to share that pain with her. He wanted her to live for as long as possible without any pain in her life, and he knew that it would be best for her to live without him in her life. He still thought of her as one of the children that he had told stories to, and he still wanted to protect her from the dangers of the outside world.
 Acknowledging their relationship in public would also have been catastrophic to their reputations in town. The Old Man would no longer have been trusted to tell his stories to the children, knowing that one of them had grown up to be his lover, which was slightly disturbing, and Brigga would have lived with the title of the Old Man’s lover, the bearer of his child, for the rest of her life, with people glancing askance at her, and alienating her from normal life. The Old Man did not want to expose her to such ridicule. In the end, it was better for her to be just a single mother, with a fatherless daughter.
Nisa was a complication that they had not intended to happen, but now that it had happened, and he had gotten used to the situation, getting to know his daughter, the Old Man was secretly glad of it. At least there would be some reminder, for a while at least, of his union with Brigga, one that might outlast even him.
Once or twice, the Old Man thought that Brigga might have noticed him, perched up on the roof of The Smiling Stallion inn, if she had realized that she was being watched, but Brigga continued folding up laundry, and carried it inside the inn, without once looking up at him. He stayed, though, still thinking about her, and saw what happened when Habala walked out.

Outside, Smidge was mucking out the stables…great. She had been avoiding Smidge for the past few days now, ever since the fire; he might think her vulnerable, or something. She did not want to get ambushed right now.
“Habala. How are you today?” Smidge asked, turning towards her.
“Fine, Smidge,” Habala said, turning away from him.
“Habala, wait.” He said, reaching out towards her, not minding that his gloved hands had some horse dung on them. “I apologize for not talking to you sooner.” She scoffed at him as he continued, “I should have known that you and I would be busy these past couple of days, and that you might have been avoiding me after what happened with the fire.” He said, sidestepping her when she was trying to get around him, “But I should have made the effort to reach out to you sooner, and give my regard to you. I want you to always know that you have me around to comfort you, if you need it.”
“Thank you, Smidge, but I am fine,” She said, shaking her head. She almost wished she could summon up the fire to burn him in that moment, but she couldn’t harm him, not him. He was still her brother-in-law, after all, Geda’s brother. “You have been of great help to us, these past couple of days and almost every day, and I am grateful for that, but please do not let this go on any further. Leave me alone.” She pleaded.
“Habala, don’t you wish we could return to our glory days,” He said, clasping her shoulders before she could protest, “When we were young and in love, free from any cares and woes?” He said, trying to wrap his arms around her.
“Smidge, no.” She said, recoiling from him and pushing him away from her. “I am tired of hearing you talk to me this way. I don’t wish to go back to the past because I don’t love you that way, not anymore, and maybe I never have.” She said, looking down. “I may never have loved you the way I love Geda, because that is true love, and that is not what we had. We had passion and fire, but that was it. Geda will always be the one for me. You were just the first.” She said, looking up at Smidge. “I am sorry, but that is the way I feel. I am sorry if I ever made you feel otherwise, but I am perfectly clear about this: no. I don’t love you, I never have, and I never will, so just get away from me, and leave me alone, or I will tell you brother, and you don’t want Geda getting angry at you for touching me without my consent!” She cried, and Smidge flinched. “I want nothing more to do with you.” She said.
“Habala, Basha and Oaka are gone,” Smidge said, continuing on with words that chilled her heart, and hardened her resolve, “And Geda is…Geda is not going to last very long, the way he is going these days. You will lose him if you are not careful, and then what will you do? I will be willing and able to provide for you once I inherit the inn, and then we can reconsider.”
“No, Smidge, not even then, not even if Geda were dead.” She said, crossing her arms and glaring at him. “I cannot abide the thought of marrying you, or being provided for by you, even if you were the last man on Earth. I would go on my own way, if I were left alone in such a way without my husband and sons, but I will not give up hope on my family just yet. I will fight for them, care for them, and believe in them until we are all reunited, either here on Earth or in the afterlife. I bid you good day, Smidge,” She said, turning away from him and heading back towards the inn before he could retaliate. 
She just couldn’t get anywhere today, what with Smidge and Brigga in her way. Well, Brigga not so much, but Smidge was definitely in her way, he was actively trying to stop her from leaving him. She just wouldn’t stand for it, not anymore. She was done with him, for good. She would tell Geda the truth about what was happening here if Smidge made another false move at her, but luckily, Smidge did nothing more then. She was safe, for now.

The Old Man frowned to himself, and shook his head, as he shrunk deeper into the shadows of the roofline to avoid being spotted by Habala, walking back towards the inn. Smidge always seemed to be up to no good these days, getting in the way and interfering with everything, and it worried him. He had dismissed Smidge a long time ago as someone that he had no need worry about, as other people were the ones responsible for some unfortunate events, and Smidge had just gotten involved in them by accident. But now he was starting to reconsider his decision, as Smidge was starting to show up again in the most unusual, unlikeliest of places, which reminded the Old Man of the past events that Smidge had been involved in, and just how culpable was Smidge then for his actions? 
Perhaps he shared more of a burden of responsibility for his actions than the Old Man had credited him for, and the Old Man had just dismissed his culpability out of a misguided belief that Smidge was just a brash young man who had strayed out of the fold, and would be led back in by his older brother and by his older brother’s wife, Habala. But then again, Smidge had always had feelings for Habala, and he was jealous of his older brother Geda for inheriting the inn and marrying the girl that he had loved, or at least admired, so perhaps the Old Man should not have expected Smidge to follow their example when Smidge coveted their position for himself. The Old Man had made a mistake in the past when it came to Smidge, but he would not make it again. He would keep his eyes on Smidge, and make sure that Smidge didn’t step out of line.
As the Old Man clambered over the roof of the Smiling Stallion inn, and jumped to the roof of the building beside it, Brigga opened the shutter of one of the guest bedroom windows on the second floor a little wider. She watched him go, and then glanced down to the stable yard. She had sensed that she was being watched by the Old Man while she was folding up the bed linen just before now, but she wasn’t certain about her feelings, especially when they weren’t as enhanced as whatever senses the Old Man had, and Smidge was in the stables, mucking out the stalls not far away from her. He would certainly have suspected that something was amiss with her if she had started looking up at the roofline, or shouting out the Old Man’s name. She couldn’t give away the Old Man’s secret like that, especially to Smidge. 
She wasn’t certain about Smidge, especially the way that he looked at her, so slyly yet arrogantly that it made her nervous about his intentions towards her, and apparently he had gotten into some trouble in the past, around the time that Habala had broken off her engagement with him and started dating Geda. That was a long time ago, soon after Nisa was born, and Brigga had still been seeing the Old Man then, although in private, and they soon had broken off that engagement. The Old Man had told her some of the details of Smidge’s awful behavior, and Habala had told her the rest, and as far as Brigga could gather from both accounts, there was no way that she would have ever trusted Smidge again. 
But Habala had not known everything that the Old Man had known about, and so Habala had trusted Smidge enough to have him work at the inn, as Geda had suggested, and Brigga did not dare say anything against Smidge, especially since that might have revealed too much about the Old Man’s involvement in those affairs. So Brigga had remained silent for all of these years, trusting that Habala knew the best way to run her life, and for the most part, nothing seemed to have gone wrong between Smidge, Habala, and Geda as they took care of the inn, and the boys Basha and Oaka had been born and grew up there. But now that Basha and Oaka were gone, it seemed that life between Geda, Habala, and Smidge had reverted back to the old dynamic of their youth, which was not very healthy, and Habala was caught up in the middle of it all.
Brigga was worried about her former best friend, and even though Brigga had not really spoken to Habala for years now, on friendly terms at least, she still did not want Habala to face Smidge’s wrath. Which led Brigga to question what she could do to help Habala, and distract Smidge, possibly to find out more about Smidge’s motivations and intentions, which led her to contemplate doing something horrible and disgusting that she could not stand, and yet it might be her only choice when she was not like the Old Man or her daughter, able to sneak around and spy on others like a cat in the night. She had very few options and very few abilities when it came to deceit and spying, and so she had to make do with what she had, may the gods forgive her.

Kala’s ghost stared out the window of the Old Man’s hut at the forest outside as the Old Man entered. “Lilacs.” She murmured to herself, shaking her head. “Those were the last flowers he left at my grave. That’s not what I wanted.” She said.
“What is it?” The Old Man asked, staring at her. “What do you want? What are you doing here?”
“Basha has the Black Sword.” She said, sighing to herself.
“What? Are you sure?” He asked, staring at her.
“I am positive; I felt it on the other side. We all did.” Kala said, closing her eyes. “It was like a breath of fresh air in the land of death. It was brief, but stirring, the tiger of light is stirring. He lives. We all felt it and I knew it was my son. I thought that you would want to know.” She said, about to fade away and return to the other side.
“Wait a minute,” The Old Man said, raising his hand.
She brightened a little bit, lingering as she asked, “What is it?”
“Will you tell me what it is like…dying and being dead?” He asked.
Kala frowned. “You have not asked me this question before.” She said.
He hesitated. “I have been afraid to ask you this question before now, I suppose, but now I am wondering.” He said.
She sighed. “Dying and being dead…well, speaking from my own experience, first the world fades away from your eyes, bit by bit and piece by piece. Then you start to fade away…it is a bit like falling asleep, except that you lose everything, in an excruciatingly slow manner. Bit by bit and piece by piece in your body, heart, and mind, all thoughts, feelings, and sensations are ripped away from you and you are left with nothing in the end except your final breath, and then even that is gone. But something yet remains.”
“What is it?” The Old Man asked, spellbound for once in his long, long lifetime, the audience instead of the storyteller.
“It is quite literally nothingness, a small spark or flame, barely noticeable or recognizable to any who still live, just a single molecule of…infinity, one might say.” Kala said. “A soul or an idea of one, perhaps, that cannot be weighed, measured, or judged, though that has yet to be determined by me.”
“No judgment?” The Old Man asked. 
She frowned. “Perhaps there is a system in place somewhere in death that does judge or determine what happens to souls, but I have yet to find it. Perhaps I do not want to find it.” She remarked. “I might be judged unwillingly so and be found wanting. I have done some ill things in my life, not as bad as some, but not as good as so many others.” She remarked.
“I am sure there was some necessity or reason to it.” The Old Man said.
“That is what many people would say if they were in my situation,” Kala stared at him. “I may have been forced into doing what I should not have done at one or two points in my life, but in other times, I could have stopped myself. It might have meant my death, or the death of others, but I could have stopped myself. So why did I not?
“Perhaps I reasoned my way out of it, saying that it was necessary, that I had to do it to survive or to help other people, but ultimately, it was my choice. My actions.” She insisted. “I did not stop myself because I wanted to act. I wanted to make the choice that ultimately would lead to my desire or my goal.” She smiled to herself. “I had a goal, a desire, so many of them, in fact, that I wanted more than anything else in the world. Nothing would stand in my way. Not even being judged.” Kala looked up at the Old Man. “What reason or desire, what necessity or goal, can survive death and what lies beyond death?”
“Yours did.” The Old Man said. “You came to me to tell me about your son.”
“A form of my desires and goals did survive, fragmented, to say the least.” She nodded. “The most powerful desires or goals might survive death, but they are elusive and illusionary at the best of times, difficult to express. At the worst of times, well, they might as well not exist for me.” She shrugged and told him, “Everything else slips away from you, and over time, even those most powerful goals and desires might fade away. Then I would not be myself anymore and I would forget about Basha, and anyone else I loved.” 
After a moment of silence, the Old Man asked, “So then what happens, on the other side, to the soul?”
“It moves on into darkness, and then continues on through darkness, for however long the earth turns.” Kala said. “Then it becomes chaotic and confused, as so many souls collide and crush into one another, mixing and melding with one another before they are ‘bumped’ out of the chaotic darkness and into the light. This happens every so often to each soul, with different results. 
“On occasion, a soul will return to the living, either as a ghost like me, or even more rarely, to be reborn in the form of another person. Most often, when a soul is bumped out of the chaos, they float up to what I would call the true Pidamana, or paradise.” She smiled. “This is more serene than the chaos below, less crowded, where one is able to recollect who they once were. Here is where you truly get to meet the other souls in death, including those you once knew in life. That is a good moment, but a fleeting one, for eventually you will float back down into the chaotic darkness below, but only for a short while, before you are ‘bumped’ out of it again.” She frowned. “Death is unstable, in constant flux, more so than life, really. You can never be truly satisfied in death. What do you think?” She asked.
The Old Man stared at her. “I am not sure.” He managed to say, still stunned.
“Of course, that is my impression of it,” She remarked, turning away from him. “It might be different for others. Can I go now?” She asked. “Now that I want to return, exactly, but I belong there now, not here.” She closed her eyes. “Too many painful remainders in life that are not in death, yet part of me wishes to live again.”
“You may return.” The Old Man managed to say. “Good luck, Kala.”
“Thank you. You, too.” Kala said as she vanished once more, leaving the Old Man alone.
Chapter 6: Joining
Cradle and shield me from the storm, I
Do not think I can go out there again. Hear
Her whisper sweet lullabies in my ear. I believe
I could listen to her for a thousand years.
On A Stormy Day, Kiwata

Basha woke up and groaned, rubbing his forehead as he remembered…he was on a bed. Why was he on a bed with…lavender satin sheets? He thought, examining the sheets he lied in. Brown bear fur cover…and lavender satin sheets, never had he lied in such a bed with such comfort. This was fit for a king or a nobleman, certainly not for…he blinked as he remembered what he had been doing. Oh, Tau, Popo, Loqwa, what had he done? He shook his head, trying to forget, but those men bleeding…he blanched again, and started to sway, but steadied himself as he thought that it was done, it was done, whatever he had done, and there was nothing to be done about it in the end. 
He had no idea where he was. He got off the bed and stood up, a little unsteady, but he had to try and find his way out of here, to get back to Oaka. His hands brushed up against curtains, pink silk and satin curtains surrounded the bed, and then he pushed them aside. Fine porcelain dolls and plates were mounted on top of a mantelpiece. He was in a sitting room, plush rose chairs placed about a carpeted rug, never had he seen…what was this place? Was he still in Coe Anji?
Basha shook his head, and went around a table, searching for the door. He found it, tucked into the corner by the bookcase, and opened it to walk outside, on grass and sand. He was by the ocean. Basha stared at the water in the distance, the waves rolling in, and remembered how he had thought of it as a pond. He laughed at that, thinking…oh, it was so much wider and bigger than that. The waves alone were surging in at least all across the horizon before him, and the water stretched out farther and farther beyond that horizon toward the gray sky. Popo and Quela were said to be joined by water, and the water here certainly touched ‘the mountain of magnificence’ that was the sky, with cloud cover like ice and snow upon gray stone. He had never dreamed…suddenly, he saw a figure standing alone amidst all this nature on the shoreline, close to the trickle of the waves sweeping across the sand. He stared at this woman, who was not Monika, standing before an easel and painting on the canvas set up there.
He went down towards her, a woman who appeared older than his mother Habala. She had lines across her face, streaks of gray and white in her brown hair. Paint was splattered onto her chest, her shirt. She was dabbling at her palette with a paint-bush in an attempt to get the right color, mixing blue and green with a bit of black and white. She got the mixture right, and then started painting in the waves; the ocean would occupy about half of her canvas, with some cloud cover. The house he assumed she lived in, the one he had just came from, was already on the far left corner, a bit of the town of Coe Anji and the warehouses that made up its port already behind that. The lonely little cottage by the sea, not far from the harsh, brutal town. Basha got a little bit of perspective as he came closer, noticing that she was definitely taller than him by a few inches, about as tall as or taller than Oaka.
 “Excuse me, ma’am, but can you tell me what I am doing here?” He asked.
“Hello, Basha, is it?” She asked, still painting. “My name is Jona. I live there, you know, just where you came from. You were brought here by some men, a Border Guard patrol, and the major told me to look after you. He’s an old friend of mine. Your brother, Oaka, I think, has gone to the inn where you two were staying, to bring the horses, supplies, and belongings. I think he is most insistent that you three, the falcon included, should leave here as soon as possible.” She said, smiling.
“Are we in some kind of trouble?” He asked.
“No, I don’t think so,” She said, still painting. “The major seems to have the impression you helped out in whatever mission he was patrolling on, so you’re free to go, whatever you have done. Your brother just wants to leave, I think. He’s also worried about the horses and supplies, I believe, getting stolen.”
“There was another…”
“The girl?” Jona asked, smiling. “The girl left, I’m afraid, but she also left…” She frowned. “It’s wrapped up in a blanket, I believe, near the corner of my bedroom. I could not touch it, could not even stand to look at it, I just left it there. You should find it, if you want it. I might throw it out into the ocean if you don’t take it with you when you leave here.”
Basha hesitated, and then slowly nodded. “I’ll take it.” He said. “And there was something else...” He hesitated again before continuing, “There were people we helped to rescue, people...who had been smuggled in?” He asked.
Jona stopped painting and stared at him. “You mean…so that’s what it was all about,” She said, nodding. “I know smugglers sometimes take to human trafficking when it is a profitable business. Sometimes people want to come to Arria when they believe that it is a better place than where they came from, but when they cannot by conventional means for any amount of reasons, including money, sometimes they sell themselves into slavery to afford the trip. But others are forced into it, kidnapped, by the smugglers to fulfill their quota.” Jona scoffed, and shook her head. “There were some girls I knew who were kidnapped,” Jona said, when Basha couldn’t speak, “and they still had nightmares about the whole ordeal. It is a long, arduous voyage, across sea and ocean much rougher than this, and they had to spend the whole voyage down below, in the bilge water seeping in through the cracks. They oftentimes were scared half out of their wits, sick, and quiet, too quiet, afraid to speak or cry out, in case one of their kidnappers came down.”
Basha shuddered, and then asked, “So what did…what will happen to those people?”
“Most likely they will be sent back to their homes,” Jona said. “Some will stay if they have proof that they can work a trade, or have family here in Arria.”
“That’s after everything…” He stuttered and then sighed, shaking his head at the indignity of it all. 
He didn’t know if he could do or say anything here that would change such a horrible situation, especially when it had been going on for so long, and he knew that Oaka wouldn’t want to stay here and get involved in solving a long-term problem. But Basha felt like something had to be done, to stop the smuggling and help those in need who had already been affected by it. Perhaps the Border Guards might be able to handle part of the situation on their own, if they could get themselves better organized and trained to arrest the smugglers and cease their activities, but the situation might also require less force and more care when it came to the people who had been transported already. 
“What about the smugglers?” Basha asked. “Are they...dead?”
“I don’t know, probably one or two, why?” She asked. “Did you fight them?” 
“I did.” He said, and gulped. “A few…fell down, I didn’t know whether or not I had…killed them.”
Jona sighed. “You were defending yourself and your friends, I assume.” She said. “Just think on that, and the people that you saved. Not just those now, but those that could have been, would have been, taken away from their homes if the smugglers had lived.” She said. “Perhaps the smugglers deserved to die. Think on that, and perhaps that will ease your mind.”
“Perhaps.” Basha said, looking out at the ocean.
“You remind me of…” She shook her head.
“What? Whom?” He asked.
“My son, Jobe.” She said. 
“Jobe?” Basha repeated, and a thought or memory stirred in the back of his mind, though he could not exactly recall it at the moment.
“That’s right, Jobe. I have a son, somewhere, named Jobe. He’s all grown up now, older than you, possibly by a few years. I do not know where he is exactly, because he travels around a lot. Hopefully he will be with his father,” She said. “Hopefully he will be safe.”
Basha and Jona stood there for a while, Jona adding an outline of Basha looking out at the ocean to her painting, before Oaka returned with the horses and supplies. Fato, perched on the pommel of a saddle, was with him, and clamoring about the fight and its aftermath. Basha had thought that the falcon might have left them, though, with the way that he had acted before during the fight. But apparently he couldn’t be repelled that easily, and at least Oaka was not complaining about Fato at the moment.
“Goodbye, Jona.” Basha said to her before turning away.
“Don’t forget your…whatever it is, Basha, and do be careful. I saw that girl before she left, and she looked hard. And scared. I’ve seen many girls like that after…whatever happened to them.” She said.
He stared at her, wondering what she meant, and what sort of life she had led before he came here, before he waved goodbye to her, the painter he knew little about, and went inside her home one last time to search for the blanket-wrapped burden he had to take. There was the sword he had picked up earlier today at the warehouse, inside its sheath once more and wrapped up tightly like someone had wanted to hide it, and he wondered what could have possibly possessed him to claim this sword, to bind it to him, or whatever he had said. He did not know what he was doing at the time, half-lost in the blur of battle, and then…what had made Monika bring this sword back to him? Did she know something of what he had done to make it belong to him; did she want him to have it then? 
And why couldn’t she have brought it here as it was, inside its sheath, without wrapping it up so tightly? Did she feel something of what he had felt? Maybe there was something to hiding it, to not wanting to touch or see it. Perhaps no one else could bear it besides him.
He shuddered at that frightening thought, but then he took it with him, though, just in case. If it had saved him and his friends once before…perhaps he needed it.
Oaka did not look at him when he put the blanket-wrapped sheathed sword inside his bag, layers upon layers of protection against the sharp edges of the curved blade. They left Coe Anji, and the cottage by the ocean, behind them then, going out into the forest once more.

“Two very long, hard days,” Oaka said, shaking his head. “It’s impossible that we went through all of that in just two days.”
It was midnight, officially the 12th day of Markee now, and they had stopped to rest at last. They had gone this far, for this long, because it was early evening when they had left Coe Anji, and Oaka had wanted to keep going, to put as many miles between themselves and it, throughout most of the night. Basha thought he wanted to forget about what had happened back there.
“I have to say we handled ourselves nicely,” Fato remarked. They were eating a small meal before bed.
“Basha, why did you have to bring that…new sword with you?” Oaka asked, for lack of a better term, after a moment’s silence from him.
“Must we talk about this now?” Fato asked.
“I did not want to leave it behind,” Basha said, shaking his head. “It did its job,” He said lamely.
“It did…that thing…” Oaka shuddered. “I don’t want to know what you were thinking of when--” He sighed. “Never mind, perhaps--”
“You want me to forget about it?” Basha asked. “Forget about--I know what I did.” He said. “I cannot forget about it.”
“All right, fine, just don’t bring it up.” Oaka said, shaking his head. He was still disappointed that he hadn’t been able to summon up his fire, again, back at the warehouse. What was the point of having magic like that if you couldn’t use it to defend yourself with? He just couldn’t understand it.
“You’re the one who brought it up,” Fato remarked.
“Never mind!” Oaka exclaimed, and then--“What’s that?” He asked when the horses were agitated, and it sounded like something was moving in the forest beyond their firelight.
“Steady, I don’t think it’s a Black Wolf,” Fato said, peering into the darkness.
“Is that much of a comfort?” Basha asked, unsheathing his old sword when his new sword was still in his pack. He was tempted to reach for his pack, but it was too far away, and whoever or whatever it was--
“Stop!” A voice called, and all three of them recognized it.
“Monika?” Basha asked as the young woman approached, leading her horse.
“I suppose we’re even--I followed you all here now, after you followed me.” She said, nodding at the falcon.
“Hey, Oaka, it’s the girl--”
“Yes, no need to remind me, Fato--”
“Has she come back to beat you up some more?” Fato asked Oaka with a snicker.
“Have you--”
“No, I have not, Basha.” Monika said, staring at him. “It’s been awhile since--I’m sorry I got so worked up at the warehouse earlier, I just--did not expect you two to burst in there like that.” She petted her horse. “And then...there were a couple of men killed. Some seriously injured. I don’t think you had anything to do with the deaths, Basha,” She said, seeing the look on his face, “I might have caused those. Those still alive had to be questioned, and then--I had to leave before it got complicated,” She said. “Paperwork is not really my forte.”
“Nor for me either, though I can’t really hold a pen.” Fato remarked.
“You mean…you call…” Basha started to say.
“Look, I am not of your country,” Monika said. “Paperwork is very complicated for me when I am not supposed to be here at all. I got into Arria because I helped out in another case, prior to this, and actually, this was the last part of the other case, but it’s complicated. I am not supposed to be here at all.” She said.
“So we’ve established that.” Oaka said.
“Oaka…” Basha said, and shook his head. “I do not know what you have been through, Monika, but...I do not know what you are talking about.” He said.
“Never mind.” Monika said, turning about. “Can I just sit here awhile? Talk about a few things? I usually do not have company when I travel.”
Basha hesitated, turning towards Oaka, who shook his head, but Fato nodded, and so it was up to him. “I suppose for a little while,” He said, slowly nodding. “Just if you want to rest.”
Monika nodded. “Thank you.” She said. “Can I leave my horse with yours?” She asked.
Basha nodded, and Monika went off to loosen the saddle from her horse’s back. Oaka leaned over and hissed, “Are you sure we should be doing this? We don’t know that much about her.”
“I think she’s friendly.” Basha told him. 
“I agree.” Fato put in.
“I think she was helping out the Border Guards, fighting those smugglers.” Basha said, nodding.
“Yes, but she accused us of being monsters.” Oaka said. “And she was involved in that barroom fight.”
“That was different.” Basha said. “She probably got involved in that barroom fight just because she was there when it happened, and she didn’t have a choice, and as far as accusing us of being monsters, we were...acting strange,” He said, talking about himself. “And she didn’t know anything about us, or not that much at any rate. She had no clue what we were doing there.”
“Neither did we.” Oaka remarked as Monika came back, carrying her saddle and its packs.
“Why were you in Coe Anji in the first place?” Monika asked, turning to Basha as she sat down beside the fire across from them.
“You get the first question?” Basha asked.
“It’s a reasonable question.” Monika said, unloading food from a pack. “You know what I was doing there, assisting your Border Guards. I know nothing about what you two were doing there. For all I know, you were following me from Coe Baba.” She said, unwrapping a piece of bread. “You never traveled far from Coe Baba, that’s what you said yourself.” She remarked, munching on the bread.
“Good memory.” Oaka said.
“Close enough, Basha made an impression on me.” She said, turning towards Oaka. “But it’s a fact, is it not? You two haven’t been far from Coe Baba before now? So what has brought you here, all this way? And why are you still going?” She asked, turning towards Basha.
“Oh, boy, here we go,” Oaka said.
“I’m on a quest.” Basha said. “For Tau’s Cup.”
“What? Tau’s Cup?” Fato the falcon cried, with a pop-eye look, and everyone turned to stare at him. It was creepy. “You never said!”
“Didn’t we tell you?” Basha asked.
“No!” Fato cried. “No one tells me anything, apparently.” He muttered, growling to himself. “I just thought that you two were going on some business somewhere, and if you had told me, maybe I wasn’t really paying attention then.” He frowned, and tilted his head. “Maybe I did hear you two mention Tau’s Cup the other day, but I didn’t know that was what you two were searching for.”
“We are on a quest for Tau’s Cup,” Basha said, turning towards Monika. “Going all the way to Coe Pidaria. Remember when I told you about Lovers’ Rock, and the girl that I was planning to ask for? That was it. I was about to go up on that Rock, about to ask ‘will you marry me, Jawen?’ when I realized that I needed a dower to go along with my marriage proposal, and not just any dower, the best. Tau’s Cup just sprang to mind. I made my promise with an oath to Tau himself. I even got approval from the Oracle of Mila to go on my quest.” He said. 
Monika, finished with the bread, had moved on to a bit of meat, and now was about to open her mouth when Oaka interrupted her. “It was spur of the moment, literally.” He said. “I went along to keep him safe. So did Sir Nickleby.”
“Sir Nickleby?” Monika said, “I actually mentioned Sir Nickleby to the major, Basha, just today. I told him that you had been trained by the knight, and of course he knew who that fellow was.” Monika rolled her eyes, “But then where is he?” She asked, “Why isn’t he here with you all?”
Basha and Oaka told the story, with Fato supplying anecdotal evidence of his own. “I was flying through the air from Coe Dobila, reciting my message again when no one could hear me,” Fato said, “and then suddenly a whole pack of Black Wolves started chasing me. They knew that I was a royal messenger bird, and that I carried vital information for King Sonnagh, meant for his ears only. I tried to lose their pursuit, but instead I led them straight by accident to these poor fellows. I tried to warn them, or at least Basha, but one of them, Sir Nickleby, got killed instead when he made a valiant attempt to stand against these Black Wolves. The Black Wolves broke off their pursuit after a little while, for I had foiled them, disappearing into the trees, and they had no clue where I was going. So there has been no sign of them ever since.”
“You have never said anything about--” Basha started to say, but then he stopped as he realized that it was a bit of a double standard, considering what he had not or might not have said to Fato in the first place. He had held back information, and Fato had repaid him in kind.
“What an amazing story.” Monika said, finished with the meat and peeling an apple. “I never would have believed…I’m sorry for what happened to Sir Nickleby.” She said, looking up. “The major did remark that that the knight was a good fighter, from what he had heard of him, and I suppose that he was if he taught you.”
Basha shook his head. “I don’t know half of what I did the other day, to be honest. That was...something else.” He said.
“Definitely something else,” Oaka muttered, glancing at Basha’s pack.
Monika stopped just before she took a bite. “Can it be…” She started to say, but then she shook her head. “Never mind, I shouldn’t. The point is, I haven’t got any place else to go, not really, and I want to join you all.” She said.
“Are you serious?” Oaka asked as they all stared at her, Fato most intensely of all.
“Yes, I am serious, strange as it may be,” Monika said, staring back at him and Basha. “I want to go with you all. I mean, I can help. I know how to fight, you all saw me back there, I don’t need any…whatever,” She said, waving her hand, although Basha knew that she meant to say ‘sword’, his new sword to be exact. “And if we were to meet Black Wolves, or whatever might be out there, then you could use all the help you can get,” She said, biting her apple.
Oaka frowned. “This sounds a lot like when…”
“Wait a minute, Oaka.”
“Basha! This is just what happened when Fato joined us.”
“Hey!” The falcon exclaimed.
“Trying to get us to believe that he would be useful.” Oaka muttered.
“He has been useful, Oaka.” Basha said.
“Thank you,” Fato said, bowing his head and mumbling to himself.
“I won’t have another person join this group without my say-so.” Oaka started to say.
“Excuse me, but I am involved in this discussion,” Monika remarked. “I won’t have you three discuss me in a way that…I am coming, whether you like it or not. I just came over to ask your permission, and ask what is going on here.” She said.
“Basha, she…I don’t understand what is going on here, but she is trying to get in for whatever reason she has.” Oaka said.
“For your information, I have the best of intentions.” Monika remarked, standing up and facing Oaka. “I do not intend to get you all killed. I am here to protect you all, do you understand me now?” She asked Oaka.
“Wow,” Fato said, staring up at Monika.
“I don’t believe you.” Oaka said.
“Believe me, it’s the truth. You won’t get protection like mine anywhere else,” She said, “You won’t be able to depend on anyone else like you can depend on me. I have been around a few times and I know that there are some very dangerous people out there, people who will take advantage of you if you let them. But I am not asking anything of you all except that you let me come with you. I will prove myself valuable to you all. I will show you all that I have what it takes to be…” She stopped, and shook her head. “Forget it, just forget it!” She said, storming off, taking her saddle and packs with her.
“Monika, wait!” Basha cried, getting up.
“Of course, run after her and not…” Oaka stopped. “Basha, you have to decide. I am not going any further without some assurance that it is worthwhile.”
“Oaka, please.”
“I miss home and Sisila. I am not doing this without--even if we do come back home safe and sound, I will have nothing to show for it. I am risking everything I have, just because of you, without getting anything in return! These last few days have been horrible enough for me, but none of you have changed my mind about--going back! Basha, you’re as good as my brother, and I hate saying all of this to you, but I still want you to tell me if I am going to get anything out of this. For what end did I leave her?” He said.
“This is not…Oaka!” Basha cried as Oaka left him as well, grabbing his packs and blanket.
Basha was left alone with Fato. “I don’t think this is a very good start.” Fato remarked.
“I should have known, malakel it,” Basha said, “I should have known. To be chased by Black Wolves, seen Sir Nickleby torn apart, taunted by you, and then beaten up by Monika, before that big fight…Oaka should have asked that question a long time before now.” He lowered his head.
“He’s just scared,” Fato said, “But he’ll buck up by morning. Once he does, he’ll ask himself why he ever thought he should go home. He may be a monkey, but he’s still loyal to you. I will credit him that. He’s a good brother, your Oaka is.”
“And I’m not.” Basha said.
“Hey, you’re a good brother, too, Basha, and the best friend that he could ever wish for, a monkey like him.” Fato paused. “I think you should ask yourself what your brother wants out of this trip. And then figure out a way to give him that, if he doesn’t have to go home.” Fato said. The falcon then flew off after Monika, hoping that Basha could come up with something on his own, as he felt like he had to settle these matters before it got to be too late.
She was sitting alone, her blanket folded out near the edge of the firelight, and finishing the last of her meal before bed. Fato landed right beside her. “Hello, Monika,” He said. “I’m sorry about this welcome. I know you’re worried about being able to join up, or whatever, but don’t be. I know that, once things settle down, we’ll be glad to have you.”
“Thank you.” Monika said, staring down at him. “It’s strange, I never thought I would be--this is not like me.” She said, looking across at the fire. “I thought I would be going home as well, but I just keep going farther and farther away from it. Like I do not want to return as well.”
“How long have you been away from home?” Fato asked.
“Many years. I should return, but--I keep putting it off, and then--getting sucked into something or another.” She said, looking down.
“You’ve had a hard life, huh?”
“You have no idea.” She said.
“Why do you want--”
“I don’t want--” Monika sighed, looking up at the bird. “Fato--sometimes it’s easier for me to put the past behind me. To keep moving on, and--go wherever the path might lead me.” She gestured. “Sometimes I do not want to look behind me at what has gone on before. Maybe that’s why I can’t return home. I cannot look back at the bad things that have happened to me, and home is just one of those reminders.” She stared up at the sky. “Sometimes I see or hear things that I can’t quite believe, and--I decide to pursue them, to find out more, the truth, and understand what’s going on.” 
“Maybe that’s why I make mistakes.” Monika said, looking back down at Fato. “I want to find out the truth and believe in it. I want to find something worthwhile that will keep me moving forward. Yet I trust too much in what is happening around me, and I get lost in the shuffle of things. I don’t want to forget about what happened behind me, and yet--I cannot look back.” She said.
“I don’t understand half of what you just said.” Fato said, shaking his head. 
“Maybe it’s a human problem,” Monika said as the fire went out at Basha’s section, plunging them all into darkness. Had he been listening to her? Monika shook her head and pulled up her blanket, deciding that he was too far away to hear her as she then put away her food, ready to go to sleep. 
Fato decided to fly up to a tree branch, and leave Oaka alone, not wanting to visit him tonight. He could settle his own problems.

“Basha, what are you doing?” Oaka asked.
“I’m trying to get something out of here,” Basha told him, wrestling with a jar. “It won’t come out, I might have to grease it.” He then dropped the jar, and it broke into a thousand pieces. “Ooops.” He said.
“Typical, Basha, now look what you have done! You’re hopeless,” Oaka said, shaking his head and then bending down to pick up the jar pieces. He cut himself on a thick, sharp shard.
“Ow!” He cried. “See, this is what…where are you?” He asked, staring into the darkness that surrounded him.
“What have you done?” He asked, for there was blood pooling down on the ground, dripping from his hand. “Come out, Basha! What are you?” He cried, searching for his brother, trying to cover up the gash and seek some help.
“Oaka, what have you done?” Sisila cried. 
He turned around to see her facing him, horrified by his appearance as…“It’s nothing, Sisila,” He said, covered in blood. “It’s not mine, Basha did this.” He said, his whole body drenched in blood from the gash as if soaking it up.
“I don’t believe you!” Sisila said, turning away from him.
“Come back, Sisila, I want…” He sighed. “Sisila, I love you!”
She turned around. “I don’t love you,” Habala told him, and then turned back into Sisila before she vanished.
He stopped and gasped. His mother was his lover? That was crazy. Oaka cried, “Basha, you stole my heart right out from under me!” He wept. “You took my heart away,” He said, his heart beating right out there in front of him. “I can’t reach, I can’t…stand.” He said, trying to grab his heart and stick it back inside of him before he died. “Basha!” He cried. “How can…you can take care of yourself, can’t you? You don’t need me anymore? You don’t want me? You don’t care for me?” Oaka said, burning up. “Then why should I have to care?” He said, as the forest caught fire all around him.
Oaka rolled around in his blankets, mumbling to himself in his sleep. “Why...should I...”
“Why do I have to take care of you? Do I feel guilty for what I have done? Do I feel guilty for what you have lost or never had?” He asked.
“Lost, Basha, lost...” Oaka mumbled, groaning. He had not started any fire anywhere except in his own mind.

Monika got up the next morning half inclined to leave, but as she was packing her horse, Basha approached. “What’s going on?” Basha asked.
“I’m sorry I brought about this rift between you and your brother Oaka.” Monika said. “I never meant for anything like this to happen, I just wanted to know some things, I suppose, and travel along with some company. I will keep out of your way, if you want me to, and--I might show up somewhere again, if you’re ever in any trouble, but I will be traveling along on my own way.”
“Wait, Monika--” Basha said, shaking his head. “I don’t--you really didn’t cause that much trouble.” He told her and himself. “Actually, with everything that has happened, it was only a matter of time before he would question why he should keep going. I have been considering the problem myself, though, and I’m certain I can convince him to continue. After that, you can travel with us if you want, and if Oaka agrees. I don’t have any qualms on my part.”
“Thank you, Basha,” Monika sighed. “I think I will take you up on that offer. Where are we going, exactly?” She asked. “Coe Pidaria-wise?”
“Coe Pidaria, if it exists, might be in--”Basha went to his horse. “The northwest corner, southeast corner, or northeast corner of the Wastelands,” He said, fumbling with his saddle-pack to take out the map, and he accidentally brought out his wallet as well.
“What is that?” She asked, pointing at the paper and cloth sticking out of his wallet.
“That is--” He paused, and then decided to share. “I’ll show you,” He said, sitting down on the ground, with the map spread out in front of him, and Monika sat down beside him. “This is my mother’s handkerchief,” He told her, taking it out of the wallet first so that she could examine it under his watchful eye. “Kala’s handkerchief. I think I told you that I had nothing of hers,” He said, looking up at her, “but then sometime after you left, my mother Habala found it and gave it to me. See, it says ‘K&M’ right there,” He pointed out, “Kala, and whoever my father was. And then it says ‘Blessings, your Sisters’ right here--I had family, or at least Kala did, my aunts, Monika.” He smiled at her and laughed.
Monika looked serious as she closely examined the indigo thread, and then nodded to herself. “I suppose she did,” She said, handing it back to him. “What about that piece of paper?”
Basha hesitated again, but then brought it out and unfolded it. “Before I left Coe Baba, I went to see the Oracle of Mila at the town council’s insistence, to ask her if I should go on my quest. But I got more than I bargained for.” He said, handing it over for her to read. “A long answer, one that--say, Monika, what did the Oracle tell you when you visited her?” He asked. It was what he had wanted to ask her at The Walking Duck inn just before he got punched.
She hesitated now, but said, “I think it was nothing, really, just a few words on a piece of paper, but this--” She read softly to herself, “As you wander, welcome strangers into your group, for friends you will have great need of in this journey.” She paused, glancing over at him as if she might wonder if this was why he had allowed her to join them. In a way it was true, but he did not tell her that, because there were more reasons why she was allowed to come.
She continued, “Travel southward through the forest, hills, and valley of this--your path may change,” She had just skipped over a part she might not believe in, Basha realized, about Arria—‘great country’. “But your goal must remain clear. Someone will try to hinder you, and stop you using his powers over man and beast.” 
She paused, and then tried to continue on without seeming to hesitate, as if it was nothing she believed in, though she spoke a lot slower and more seriously than before. Basha was starting to wonder about that as well. “He cannot see all, but he knows much about what is to come, and he will wait for you to come and meet him if you are not beaten.” She inhaled deeply, and then pressed on, “Seek not only the Cup, but seek also the Tigora’l in this quest--” She paused, blinking for a moment. “seek him and know the truth.” She sighed. “No more can I say, for I speak of only the beginning. But you will learn more at the river o so wide and long--” She stopped there. “It’s amazing.” She said. “I cannot believe--”
“Well, what do you think it means?” Basha asked, staring at her. He wanted to know the truth of her opinion.
Monika stopped and looked at him. “I think you need to be more careful,” She said, handing the prophecy back to him. “Try not to show this to anyone whom you don’t trust.”
“I would not do that.” He sighed, wishing she would be more forthcoming about what she saw in there. “The Old Man told me to be careful as well,” He said, stowing the prophecy and handkerchief into his wallet again. “He said it was my prophecy, and could be used against me. I did not believe that, but--I have guarded it.” He said, putting the wallet back into his pack.
“Have you shown the prophecy to Oaka?” She asked.
Basha hesitated. “I may have, but it was awhile ago, and...I did not show him everything.” He said. “I only gave Oaka a brief moment with the paper, and told him most of what it said.”
“What did you neglect?” Monika asked.
“Uh--the part of ‘man and beast’, I think, and the Tigora’l. I don’t know what that means, but do you--”
“Stop asking me that, I’m not an Oracle.” She said.
“Sorry, Monika.” Basha said. She knew something, though, and he suspected something as well, especially about the ‘man and beast’ part with some of the strange experiences he had with terrible creatures. But it did not answer the question as to ‘why’ for him.
“Basha--what about--” Monika stopped, and looked at the map. “Where are we going? I mean, in what direction, what--”
“Sir Nickleby came up with the route,” Basha said. “We follow the coast here in Mila Forest for the most part, from Coe Baba to Coe Anji and then Coe Aela, followed by a straight shot through the Popo Hills once we have gathered enough supplies to survive the trip without stopping at a town, to Coe Kiki. From there, we go west again to the coast, and follow that all the way down to the Wastelands. At that point, we start looking along the coast and edges of the Wastelands in search of Coe Pidaria, heading east from west, and hopefully find Tau’s Cup without getting any of Doomba’s notice.”
“But the Black Wolves…”
“That was a few days ago, and we haven’t seen any since,” Basha said, looking up. “I don’t think it means anything. Maybe they were just out hunting, or chasing Fato the falcon like he said, and we got caught up in that mess. Poor Sir Nickleby, he died without a reason.” Basha said, lowering his head. “I don’t think it means anything.” He said, trying to convince himself. “We’ll get Tau’s Cup without disturbing Doomba or his forces,” He added.
“What do you think he’s dreaming about?” Monika asked, turning towards the sleeping Oaka a few feet away.
“Probably about leaving.” Basha said with a shrug.
 
“Why do I have to be brave all of my life?” Oaka asked, the forest-fire burning inside of his dream. “Can’t I be a coward, or am I one already?” He asked. “Is it better to be a coward, or would it be best to be brave? What if I was brave once, and lost my life for it? What if…I do not know,” Oaka sighed and shook his head. The forest-fire died down inside of him as he said, “It could be true that he’ll die because of me, that I was not there to help him. But he could kill me as well if I was to continue on with him. What am I supposed to do, Sisila?” He asked, turning around to face her. “He has to live, does he not?” 
“He has to fight to live.” Sisila said, sounding not quite like herself, emotionless and lifeless. “We have to give him life and love, and live with him--” 
“This is hopeless, Sisila. What--”
“Forgive him, Oaka.” Sisila said, sounding even more commanding than before. “Forgive him and live. Live, and right your errors, do not make mistakes. Remember--” Her voice changed, as she spoke from the past, “...‘together you both have a chance. Together you are both stronger than you will ever be apart. You can survive this journey with him.’”
“Forgive him.” Oaka said. “I have been trying, Sisila, but it’s hard, because I am being dragged, just like I said I would be!” He added.
“You are unwilling because you do not believe.”
“I made no oath to Tau for Jawen,” Oaka said. “I may not believe in a lot of things, like Tau’s Cup, Jawen, Fato, Monika and the whole point of this quest--but I believe in you, Sisila.” He said, turning to the dream figure. “I made an oath to you. You are the one that--that pushed me forward,” He said.
“Do you believe in Basha?” She asked.
“I--believe--”
He woke up as he remembered something. When Basha went missing all those years ago, just after he had found out that he was not a part of their family by blood, but rather adopted, Oaka had been worried about his brother being lost in the forest, an awful place where anything could happen to him. And then he had been so relieved when Basha had been found that—
“Oh, balnor,” Oaka said as he remembered an oath that he had sworn, late at night just before falling asleep beside his brother again, that he would always protect Basha. And it was an oath, not one sworn by Tau or any other god, but he had meant it then. Many years had passed since then, but still they were the same, brothers by choice and not by blood.
Oaka would have sat up then, but he heard Basha and Monika talking in the distance, and he remained still, pretending to be asleep as they talked about the prophecy Basha had received and the route they were taking. Oaka listened, realizing Basha had not shared everything with him about the prophecy, and that even he had doubts, though he tried to deny it, of what those Black Wolves were doing. 
Basha had emphatically insisted that they defend Fato, Oaka remembered, especially after the falcon had admitted the wolves were Black Wolves, Servants of Doomba--who could have ‘powers over man and beast’. Even though Oaka generally did not believe in the words of the Oracle, like his mother and father did not, Basha could be in even more danger than they had first thought if Doomba wanted to stop him, but why would Doomba want to interfere with--Tau’s Cup and the Tigora’l, Oaka could not get those two things out of his head. If Doomba wanted to stop Basha before he could find those two things, then now would be the perfect time. 
Oaka shook his head, it was ridiculous to think that this was even possible, that Doomba would ever consider them a threat just because…he could not believe that…mind you, Monika had seemed interested in joining up with them after they had mentioned Tau’s Cup and their quest...Oaka stopped. Monika? 
Oaka had known that she was suspicious, claiming that she was protecting them and had the best of intentions, but she never stated just why she wanted to join up with them. Oaka could not leave Basha alone with Monika, if she was an agent of Doomba or something like that who might kill him, and Fato was suspicious as well if the bird was lying to them, but…Basha did not trust him, Oaka realized. 
After all Oaka had done, threatening to leave, not wanting to go in the first place, Basha did not trust Oaka to stay with him. How could Oaka get Basha to trust him again, and maybe not follow what Monika and Fato wanted him to do, if they were leading him to his death? Oaka had to stay. And keep an eye out for Basha.
Oaka cursed his and Basha’s misfortunes. Then he pretended to wake up.
Basha and Monika were both sitting close together, too close for Oaka’s taste. They both looked up, tense as he stood before them. Oaka wanted to question Monika right then, and wondered if he could reach Monika’s pack before she could, if she tried to attack him, but--not right now, he thought. Better to make her think he suspected nothing.
“So--what have you got to say, Basha, about last night?” He asked, hoping his brother would have an answer by now that would ‘satisfy’ him. “I asked you what I would receive from this quest. Now tell me, truly--for what end did I leave our home and my Sisila?” He said.
Basha inhaled. “Oaka, I know I haven’t been--very supportive of you these past couple of days,” He said, “With everything that you have gone through alongside of me, and all of the doubts that you must have after I...sort of let things get out of hand,” He said, looking around at the others. “But I want you to understand that--I still trust you and rely on you and you’ll always be my brother. I don’t want to let you down. I know that you want something out of this trip, and I’ll try my best to give it to you. I’ll ask you for advice more, and I’ll follow that advice, and--maybe after we get back home, if Jawen is satisfied with seeing the Cup and me alive, then perhaps you might get the Cup.”
“You can’t promise me that.” Oaka said.
“I know, it’s Jawen who will have to be asked.” Basha said. “Sisila--I miss Jawen too, but you and Sisila have been together for such a long time, longer than us, it’s hard being apart. I can’t--I will try to keep you safe,” He said. “So that you can return home to her. If anything else should happen, I will send you home to her myself. I won’t expect you to go any further. I just believe this trip is worth it, I--”
“Basha--” Oaka sighed. “I will give you one last chance to prove yourself to me before I think about going home. You will--try your best to satisfy me, maybe with asking me for advice and possibly giving me Tau’s Cup, and maybe then I will stay with you for the rest of the way.”
“All right, Oaka, I will. Thank you,” Basha said, getting up to hug his brother.
“I knew it!” Fato called from up in the tree, as everyone turned their heads toward him. “I knew that Oaka is loyal! Good, let’s go have breakfast now!” He cried, and then flew off in search of breakfast for himself.
“Did that bird just compliment me?” Oaka asked.
“He is a good bird,” Basha remarked.
“Do I--can I--” Monika asked, hesitating.
Oaka sighed. “You can join this quest, Monika,” He said, glaring at her. “I have no problems with you. But don’t--be careful, and I will watch out for you.” He said.
Monika frowned at him, but said nothing then. Basha looked back and forth, sensing something was wrong between them, but he could not fathom what it was. Fato seemed to be the only one unaware of any problems.
They ate breakfast slowly and quietly, not speaking to each other much as they were still contemplating what had gone on before. Everybody was frowning, especially Monika and Oaka, unsettled by what had not been truly explained. 
At one point, Fato said, “Can we bypass Coe Aela?”
Basha and the others stopped eating. “Why?” Basha asked.
Fato shrugged. “I have a bad feeling about that place, after all of the trouble we’ve been through recently, and I’m tired of resting--we just left Coe Anji.”
“That wasn’t much of a rest.” Oaka remarked, glaring at Fato as he wondered what the bird was up to now.
“No, it was not, too many humans about.” Fato said, glaring back at Oaka. “Besides, we have enough supplies to last us awhile.” He suggested a moment later.
“Fato, we haven’t got enough supplies to last us all of the way through the Popo Hills,” Basha said, “And we need those supplies. Coe Aela is the only place. What is your problem?” He asked.
“Nothing, nothing, consider it nothing.” Fato said, looking away. Oaka was glad he was still going on with Basha, considering that even Fato was acting suspicious.
Yet after breaking camp, dousing the fire and loading all of their supplies onto their horses, they set off, going at about a steady rate for that day and the next, once more into the routine of travel. Monika and her horse Deja, which she soon explained meant ‘brother’ in the Old Language, seemed to be used to that routine. Deja maintained his speed as Talan and Joko, Basha’s and Oaka’s horses respectively, seemed to lag behind, or went too fast and soon had to slow down again. Fato flew ahead, or rested on one of their pommels as they traveled.
Monika usually was quiet, while Basha and Oaka sang songs or told stories to entertain themselves during the long hours. Occasionally, Monika would be prompted by Basha to share some information about the Za Desert. Whatever problems Oaka might have had with Monika, he had to admit she was a good companion in that she knew what she was doing, and she was a good hunter as well, which she proved that night when they stopped, and she shot two rabbits with just two arrows. Monika took her turn at watch that night and the next, and while Oaka remained half-awake during those times, making sure that she did nothing which would reveal her true evil side, Monika remained constant--sitting by the embers of the fire, staring down at the smoky remnants, or else looking around with vigilance into the darkness when she seemed to hear something. She did not reach for a knife or anything like that.
The morning after Monika started traveling with them, the 13th day of Markee by Oaka’s reckoning, Monika went over to confront him. “Why did you--” She sighed, and shook her head. “Why did you continue along with us?”
“Us?” Oaka scoffed, and said, “There is no ‘us’ with you in it.”
“For real.” Monika said, glaring at him.
“You never really answered that question of ‘why did you come with us?’” He remarked.
“I did. I said I wanted to protect you all.” She said. “Now--”
“That’s not the real answer.” Oaka said. “You know something about us, about--whatever it is we’re supposed to be searching for. I heard you and Basha talking yesterday morning about his prophecy and what not--you know who controls man and beast. And you know what the Tigora’l is.”
“Don’t say that.” Monika said, stepping towards him. “Not here, not now. I don’t know everything, but--”
“I’m here to protect my brother.” Oaka said. “From your deceit and lies.” He told her.
Monika stared at him, and then turned and stomped off as Oaka was surprised by her reaction. Why would an agent of Doomba act like this? If she was a Follower of Doomba, or whatever they were called, surely she would have killed him? No, she would not have, Basha would have known then that she was untrustworthy, and she was trying to keep her real alliance with Doomba a secret, after all. Oaka sighed, and shook his head. He was confused by all of this, and wished that he had not permitted Monika to travel with them.
Oaka sat down on the ground for a moment, staring at the dirt, upset by his confrontation with Monika and depressed by the situation in general with Basha and Basha’s quest. Then he stared at his hands for a while as his mind wandered, and he thought about the dream he had the other night. There had been a fire in the forest, he recalled, and he had been so angry, but Sisila had been there as well. Fire was passion, he knew, Sisila. Fire was anger as well, Monika. Fire, passion, anger, the recipe was there…the spark was in his fingers, he realized. The fire was there.
Chapter 7: The Story
Would you let me tell you a lie? Would
You believe every word that I had to say?
Would you let me believe that every word
You told me was true as well? Who lies then?
--Lies, Tarak

Geda was confused and concerned as well when he did not even know what to think of his wife anymore. Ever since the clock workshop had caught on fire, Habala had seemed even more gloomy and distracted, going off on tangents he could not comprehend, especially when it came to Brigga. She was obsessed with that woman, trying to find out some deep, dark, terrible secret of hers that Brigga was hiding, or something like that. 
Brigga could not be hiding anything, Geda thought to himself, because there was nothing for her to hide. Brigga did not have much in her life as far as he knew, not much in the way of wealth or treasures, just a daughter, he was certain, who gave her mother grief with the way she received and rejected valid suitors like Morton, Habala’s cousin. 
Morton might not be much of a catch, he knew that very well when the man was an idiot he put up with just for Habala’s sake, but at least Morton was a man who was interested in Nisa and could give her some stability in life. That had to mean something, considering she was a copper-less, balnor waif who didn’t have a father, just a mother, and the two of them had been working for half of their lives to support themselves. Let her depend on someone else for once, instead of leading them on and then dropping them after a while when they had lost her fancy. That way, Geda wouldn’t have had to dry Morton’s tears, and Morton wouldn’t have broken his fiddle at the Courtship ritual. It had taken him days to repair that thing, and it was all that he had left of his boys now, that and the balls they had once juggled. 
He missed them, oh gods, how he missed them. He missed their smiles and their laughter, he even sometimes missed the way they argued with him, because at least he could get a decent conversation out of them, one full of thought and passion, even if a little bit misguided and mistaken. At least they weren’t boring, those sons of his, for he could depend on them to liven up his existence with their shenanigans, even if they sometimes made him worry. His worry for his boys was almost worse for him than it was for Brigga with Nisa, he felt. At least Brigga knew that Nisa could support herself if she had to, he wasn’t that certain about Basha. 
But now that they were gone, he had nothing to fill up his life with anymore. He couldn’t mourn for them and weep, though, not the way that Habala could, for he was a strong man, a sure man, a brave man who was in charge of the inn. He had to be strong for her, and for his family, after what had happened, and take care of the inn so that it didn’t fall apart in the boys’ absences. He could not weep, he had to be strong and sure, there was no time for misery or grief for him when business had to be taken care of first. Everything else came second for him in the end, even his wife and sons.
He felt like a hollow man without purpose sometimes, without a song of his own anymore. Habala, he loved her, but sometimes he didn’t love her enough, and sometimes he wondered if she cared for him as much as he cared for her, or more or less. He wondered…it had been so long ago that she had loved or been attracted to his younger brother Smidge, and she had chosen him in the end, yet he wondered sometimes if her eyes ever slipped towards Smidge, if she longed to have him in her marriage bed instead. Perhaps she wondered if her life would have been different, better even, if she had gone with Smidge instead of him. 
Geda didn’t want to think that, and he had been perfectly happy for years believing that Habala was satisfied with him, happy with her life as wife of the innkeeper of The Smiling Stallion inn, especially when they had children to raise together. But now he was not so sure of himself, especially after the boys had left, and he wondered if she might stray, slip away from him without anything to hold her back now, and head towards Smidge instead. That would be a nightmare. He didn’t want Smidge to win Habala’s heart, he loved her, but what could he do to keep her? What could he offer her? He had to think of something, or else hope that he was just being paranoid, that she wouldn’t go and leave him for his brother.
He hated Coe Baba, for Coe Baba had taken away everything he had ever loved, and swallowed it up until there was nothing left but himself, and he hated himself. It was a void where people lived and died in the same space, in the same atmosphere that their ancestors had done, and so nothing ever changed, nothing ever progressed, and nothing ever happened. Perhaps he should have left Coe Baba a long time ago as his boys had done, slipped away and disappeared into the world beyond forever, but he had come back to Coe Baba after joining the Border Guards for a short term of duty, in the hopes of finding that Habala’s heart had changed for him, and it had, but what good had it done him all these years later? Not a lick of good, considering that the end result was the same with the boys gone; nothing ever changed.
Well, perhaps something had changed, or something had happened, in the oddest way possible. Though it was difficult to discern, as one had to scour through the records and keep track of all the purchases and inventory over the years, it seemed that The Smiling Stallion inn had seen an increase in customers in the last few decades, particularly those who worshipped the Oracle of Mila. 
And while he did not believe in the Oracle and her powers of foresight, observation into the future, he did wonder if there was some sort of meaning to be found here, a purpose in how people were seeking out her advice, not just in terms of his own personal gain from his business dealings with them. Perhaps they were seeking comfort in knowing what might happen to them, feeling that the world was crushing in on them, and that things were becoming more unstable or uncertain, falling apart basically. Perhaps they might hope that they could be prepared for what might come if they listened to the Oracle, plan ahead on how to face it, avoid it, or change it even. Perhaps word had spread, and more people were coming because they thought they might find something interesting here, not really knowing what to expect or desiring any specific information.
Perhaps he was seeing too much into this, as he was usually a cautious, pragmatic man who never really believed in anything until he was certain that there was something here, and it took a lot to convince him in the end. He could not take things lightly whenever there were large personal stakes involved, including his wife, family, and the inn. And he had to be certain, to know what was possible and what was not, so that he would not lose everything that he had ever invested in his enterprises by a half-mad, risky gamble. He did not understand things easily enough, when it had to be explained to him, to know just what he was dealing with here. It had cost him a lot, the last time he had taken a huge, personal risk without much chance of reward, moving quickly without knowing what was involved, what was at stake here, and what he was dealing with; it had cost him the life of his dear sister Dorvina, he felt. 
No, he had to be cautious here, especially with Habala, to know what they were dealing with. He hoped for the best, and hoped that their marriage might survive, just as he hoped that his sons might survive. The boys would make it if Sir Nickleby was by their side. He trusted the man more than he trusted the Oracle, although that wasn’t saying much considering his low opinion of the Oracle. Perhaps the boys might survive, perhaps they might not. He would never know, would he? What future was out there for them? He just had to get used to the possibility of hearing nothing from them, they had vanished.

Later that afternoon, Monika listened to Basha and Oaka talk, and then asked, “What sort of legends do you know?”
“All kinds,” Basha said. “The Old Man told us many of them when we were young, the simple kind. And then there are the ones in ‘Legends of Arria’ and ‘The Chronicle of the Knights’ that we have…”
“I know one,” Oaka said, turning to Monika. “You may not like it.” He said.
“Try me.” She said.
“There are many different versions of these legends.” Oaka said. “The simplest are the most innocent, and intended for children at story-time. But some, the most difficult to comprehend and perhaps the most gruesome, are kept inside the pages of red-marked ‘Legends of Arria’ for adults. Here is a story I first read when I was thirteen.” Oaka said.

The Forest Myth
The four gods who had first risen out of the water spread apart then, one at a time. Loqwa went first, as he could not stand being near them, and went further afield. The four gods spread out across the land they had made, exploring their new domain. Mila came first into her forest. Willowy and tender, Mila was as supple as the leaves on the trees she had made. She smiled to herself, looking around in admiration at what she had created, the beauty of the trees and the forest sprouting.
Mila was the forest goddess, but she was also goddess of mystery and magic, love, animals, knowledge, the earth, females and their offspring, creation and water before other gods and goddesses came along to take up some of her other duties. The forest belonged to her, and she walked through it, growing every plant that would cover this planet. The earth was her home now, her mother ever since she had fallen from the sky. She still needed sunlight, and water quenched her thirst, but she nestled within the earth at night and slept, satisfied that she was safe and well protected.
Popo went up to the mountains that he had built, but he came back down to visit her whenever he was lonely, and saw what she had created. He loved her in his own way, snow and ice melting whenever he embraced her, and trees grew upon his slopes, but she felt no warmth from him that could compare with the embrace of the earth she adored. It felt soft and rough in her fingers, crumbling into dust whenever she touched it, yet it felt firm beneath her feet. She stood rooted upon the earth, never dreaming of wanting more.
Animals came to her when they wanted to be fed, and she provided them with food through nature. She could think of no better life for these creatures. She knew many things about the forest that the other gods did not know, and she kept these secrets to herself because she knew that she could not share these secrets with them without spoiling something perfect. She kept that perfection within herself.
And then she came across Menthar. Menthar was wild, feeling alive for the first time as he looked up at the sun and thought to himself that he could burn brighter than his brother. He moved fast, spreading like flames through the forest as he laughed, enjoying himself and seeing what he could do to make himself feel stronger.
And then he came across Mila. He grabbed her, and gripped her so tightly that she could not escape as he burned, scorching her and searing her branches. She screamed as he consumed her with flames. Pained and overheated, she began to crack and fell over onto the forest floor. The crash disturbed everything for miles around. 
Menthar skipped over her and continued on, not even feeling remorse for her death as he felt invincible. The forest burned to cinder and ash, and he controlled the flames that had caused this. He thought that he would not be punished.
Popo, who had gone up to higher ground to take a look over the land, spotted the flames and smoke from a distance. He knew that Menthar must be in the forest, when fire was Menthar’s way of dealing with things, but when he heard Mila’s cry, he realized that something must be wrong. He rushed back, and saw the whole forest had been destroyed. Popo was unmoved by most things, but when he saw Mila’s corpse on the forest floor, he wept and snow blanketed the earth.
He picked up Mila, as if she was nothing more than a leaf in his arms, and carried her to the mountains that he had made. Loqwa came afterwards, and followed the snow, leading up to where the mountain god was resting, bearing his beloved goddess.
Loqwa said, “I come to take her away. She will not disturb you anymore.” His voice, low and soft, was perhaps the first voice to utter words--firm and undeniable.
“I do not want her to leave.” Popo said. His voice was just as rough and uncouth as the rock he seemed to be made of. But the crack in his voice seemed to indicate that, where Mila was concerned, he had a weakness. “Where will you put her?” Popo asked. 
In darkness, Mila awoke and looked around--darkness and light swirled together, forming a tunnel. “What is this place?” She asked.
“It is another world,” Her brother Loqwa spoke, turning to her. “A spirit world of the dead. It is almost empty, for now.”
“A spirit--” Mila gasped. “I cannot be dead.” She said, “I am a goddess, a goddess who--”
“We are not immortal.” Loqwa said. “At least not yet. We are gods who have charge of our worlds, but that does not mean we have immortality. We must earn immortality with our powers.”
“Our--what?” Mila shook her head. “No one told me that. I have done enough, have I not?” She asked. “I have done more than enough to earn my immortality. I have helped the animals, grown the forest, and--” Mila hesitated. “I have done enough.” She said.
“Not just yet, I’m afraid.” Loqwa said. “There is just one or two more things left to do. Now, be quiet, I am speaking with Popo in the living world.”
“In the earth, where she belongs.” Loqwa said. He did not want to disturb Popo in his mourning, but he insisted, “She does not belong among the living anymore. She is dead.”
“She is not dead.” Popo said. “Gods do not die.” His voice thundered. “I refuse to believe she can.”
“We nearly did die.” Loqwa said. “In the water, do you remember? I remember.” Loqwa closed his eyes, smiling to himself. “The water closed in over us. And though we might have struggled, it would have claimed us in the end.”
“What do I have to do to earn immortality?” Mila asked. “And how can I do it here, when I am already dead?”
“Do you want immortality?” Loqwa asked, turning to her. “It is a hard thing to have, or so I am told. You will have to live with it for the rest of your existence.”
“The earth saved us.” Popo said to Loqwa. “The earth--rose to greet us, because we were meant to live,” He said, looking down at Mila as Loqwa opened his eyes. “We are gods. We are beings beyond the mortal; we were meant to populate the earth.” Popo said as he raised his head. “Mila would have seen to that. She knew that we could not live without a reason. We were meant for more in this life than to die.”
“I want immortality.” Mila said, nodding.
“Then I will tell you how to get it,” Loqwa said.
“She is dead--Mila cannot do anything more than lie there, dead.” Loqwa said to Popo. “I need to take her to the other side, and so consummate this event.”
Popo turned back to Loqwa. “Yes, she can do more--in life. Bring--her--back!” He roared. “Bring her back to me, and let us live in this world forever.”
“I cannot do that.” Loqwa said. “It is not my job--I am in charge of death, not of life. I am only supposed to take her away. I do not want her to disturb you, the living, for she is in my domain now.”
“The first thing you must do,” Loqwa said, “is gain believers.”
“Believers?” Mila asked.
“Believers who will hear what you have to say, and then decide that you are their goddess, and they will worship you for that. For all that you have provided to them, they will worship you. That is belief, and that leads to immortality.” The god of death said.
“What if you can bring her back?” Popo asked, standing up and towering over even Loqwa. “Have you even tried?”
“What have I to try with?” Loqwa said. “Life has barely even begun on this earth, death is not part of it.” He said, “But I should not, because…”
“How can I get believers?” Mila asked. “All there is to worship me is you, our brothers, and the animals. Where is the intelligence, where is the belief in that?” She asked.
“Menthar took her, Menthar raped her…Menthar killed her,” Popo said. “Surely that is unnatural enough that she could be brought back, for a second chance at life?”
“I believe in you.” Loqwa said Mila.
“I do not know about life, I only know about death,” Loqwa said, but he glanced down. “However, I might reconsider...for a price.” He said.
“I believe in life, for I am death. There cannot be death without life, nor life without death.” Loqwa told Mila. “I believe in you for I have nothing else to believe in. You are the source of life here.”
“What price?” Popo asked.
“Life can exist if…you must make it snow, Popo.” Loqwa said. “You must make it snow every few months, and bring the cold to this world for a couple of months. You must bring the rain every few weeks or every few days, depending upon where you are. When it is hot, let it be hot. When it is dry, let it be dry. There are places where it will almost always be hot and/or dry. There are places where it almost always be cold and/or wet. In all of these things, you must let it be so. Things will happen that will be out of your control. Let them come. You cannot control everything, Popo. You may be a god, but you are not the only one. You are one of many, and powerless to do anything without the help of others. You have your domain, they have theirs. That is the way it will always be.” Loqwa said.
Popo frowned, but slowly nodded.
“What do you want from me?” Mila asked.
“A taste of life,” Loqwa said, approaching her. “Just a taste, and that is all. To know what life is and what is valuable about it.”
Mila and Loqwa kissed. “That is good.” He said.
“I will grant you what you want.” Loqwa said to both of them in that moment. “The price has been paid. Something will come of it--many things.” He said, retreating back into the spirit world.
Mila breathed again in Popo’s arms. “Popo?” She asked, looking up at him.
“I am right here, Mila,” He said, grasping her close to him.
“I was--I was--” Mila gasped. “Popo, I am not--”
“You are not dead, Mila, you are alive!” Popo cried.
“No, Popo, that is not what I was going to say.” Mila cried. “I was pregnant, but now I am not. Where is the child?” She asked.
Down in the valley south of the hills and forest, green grass grew from the ground for the first time. This was followed by flowers, and from one of these flowers, blooming for the first time, the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower. The being stood up, and jumped down from the flower, growing to the height of a pet cat by the time its feet touched the ground. He walked on across the valley, growing to the size of a child and then a man and then even bigger as he went to the hills and forest where his parents lived.
Meanwhile, Popo had found Menthar, and set forth to punish him for the very first crime. Mila testified against Menthar as the first witness and victim, and Popo was the first judge who sentenced Menthar to banishment as he could not bring himself to execute his brother. He sent Menthar to the desert that had formed on the other side of the hills and forest, where Menthar would burn under the hot sun without anything to sustain him. Menthar went, with the full force of Popo and Mila pushed against him, but he hated his banishment.
Popo and Mila settled down, uneasy even though they were satisfied for now that Menthar had been punished. They felt restless because of everything that had happened, because of their unanswered questions, because of their discomfort with each other now that things had changed so much. Suddenly, they were startled by the appearance of a strange, new god, one that they had never seen before. They had thought it was only them and their siblings.
 “Who are you?” Popo asked, staring at the strange new god, who seemed familiar yet different.
“My name is Tau, Popo.” Tau said. “I am your son and Loqwa’s son and Menthar’s son and Mila’s son, of course.” He said, looking around at his first two parents.
Mila and Popo stared at one another in horror.

Monika rode off, furious. “I said you might not like it!” Oaka shouted at her.
“Oaka--” Basha said, rounding on his brother. “Do not provoke her. And do not threaten her.” He insisted.
“You do not know her,” Oaka said. “You do not know what she is capable of, and--” He shook his head. “Never mind, I should not have brought it up.” He said, riding off in the opposite direction of where Monika had gone.
Basha sighed as Fato returned. “What is going on?” The falcon cried.
“Nothing, just some stupid squabbling going on between Monika and Oaka, again,” Basha said, turning to the falcon. “What about you?” He asked. “Where do you always go flying off to?”
“Now that is none of your business,” Fato remarked, flying away from him again.
“Everyone keeps secrets,” Basha said, and stopped, thinking to himself. “Everyone keeps secrets...” He said, eying after Monika’s path.
“Monika?” He called, following after her.
“Should you not go after Oaka?” She asked, stopping her horse Deja and turning towards him. “After what--”
“He can--I--” Basha sighed. “I do not want to lose him, okay? But I don’t want to lose you either.”
“Why?” Monika asked, staring at him. “Why are you so certain that I am good company?”
“You have your reason for coming with us.” Basha said. “I believe that reason. You said you wanted to protect us--I believe that as well. I believe--you saw my new sword, you know what it could do, and I think you know it was responsible for what happened at the warehouse.” He said.
Monika looked away. “I believe you are right.” She whispered.
“I know that Oaka distrusts you. He has a reason to when you do not reveal everything you know about the sword and yourself.” He said. “You have a very complicated life, I know. You say little about your life in the desert, and never anything about how you got from there to Coe Baba and then to Coe Anji. I was about to ask you what the Oracle had said to you when I got hit in that bar fight, but Monika, what happened to you?” He asked.
“That story…it reminded me of something horrible,” She said, turning away.
“Oh. I’m sorry.” Basha said, after a pause, not really knowing what to say. If Monika had experienced anything like what Mila had suffered, then they really did owe her an apology.
“Don’t be. It’s over now, and you’re not to blame,” She said, shaking her head. “I killed him who was.” She whispered, riding off.
Basha sat there for a moment on top of Talan, and shuddered.

“A small white bear and a big black bear had been in the woods, foraging.” Monika said the next day, telling them all about a dream she had last night. “When Tau’s Cup slid past them, they became unsettled.”
Basha ate his food, feeling a little bit unsettled as well. Monika was the problem when she had disturbed him deeply, not because she posed a threat as such, but because he knew so little about her, with what she had said yesterday after Oaka told the story of Tau’s birth, and then what she had done later that night. 
Last night, after everyone had eaten and gone to bed, Basha stirred because of a smell that was both sweet and sort of sickly burning. Basha opened his eyes, and rolled over to see Monika crouched by the flames, which she had reignited, not even moving as she stared into them. The flames sort of looked like the colors he had seen in the Oracle of Mila’s cave when the Oracle was doing her prophesying, and he wondered if he would hear Monika mumbling in the Old Language, like the Oracle had been, if he was close enough to her. He fell asleep again at this point. He woke up in the morning thinking it was just a bad dream he had, but now he was not so sure.
Oaka sat there beside him, nibbling. Oaka had continued traveling with them, not even stopping to ask why he should after another dispute with Monika, although he had gotten reprimanded. Basha had found Oaka sitting by the side of the road, reading Sisila’s letter to himself again as Joko grazed somewhere else. Basha had been seeing that piece of paper a lot more often these days, as Oaka seemed to keep taking that piece of paper out to read and reassure himself whenever he was worried.
“What’s bothering her?” Oaka had asked as Basha approached him.
“Monika is upset because--” Basha had sighed. “I know you don’t trust her, but have you thought that whatever secrets she might have, she might have a good reason for keeping them?”
Oaka had looked up. “I don’t think so--”
“Oaka--she has suffered in the past. Long before I first met her.” Basha had said. “When she came to Coe Baba several months ago in the Sna, she was limping. She had been in a fight. She had nearly died because of it,” He inhaled, and said, “I think it was similar to what she was doing at the warehouse, trying to free those slaves. I think she was one of them, once.”
Oaka had stared at him. “I did not know that--”
“Monika has some issues with trusting others,” Basha had said. “Understandable, given what she has been through. And I think we should give her some time to--relax, and trust us some more. Then she might be willing to tell us what she knows. Okay, Oaka?” He asked.
“Fine, Basha,” Oaka had sighed. “Just as long as you are aware of what’s going on.” He had stood up and shook his head as he muttered, “I thought--well, I thought she was a Follower of Doomba.”
“Why, on Arria’s good green earth, would you have thought that?” Basha had asked.
“Because--well, don’t they keep secrets and tell lies?” Oaka had asked.
Basha had sighed. “Come on, Oaka.”
By the time Oaka and Basha had caught up with Monika, she had stopped, and set up camp for lunchtime, with Fato already landed on top of a rock nearby. “Monika, I am so sorry,” Oaka had said, dismounting from his horse as she came over to him.
Monika then punched him in the gut, not hard enough for him to fall down, but enough to make him double over and wince. “That is for making me--” Monika had groaned. “Do not upset me like that again.” She said, turning away from him as Fato laughed.
“Heard you loud and clear,” Oaka had grunted and groaned as Basha grimaced in empathy. Even so, Oaka had continued on, though he kept clear of Monika for now.
“The big black bear roared and motioned in the direction that the Cup went.” Monika said now. “The fleas off of his back leapt onto the back of the white bear. However, the white bear only went after the Cup for a short distance before he turned around. The fleas now attacked their old master, the big black bear, in a swarm. The small white bear grew bigger, red eyes gleaming. And that was it, there wasn’t anymore.”
“Not much of a dream.” Oaka said. “I think you were just replaying in your own mind the arguments we’ve been having.” He winced to himself, remembering.
“‘Dreams often have a way of truth, if we look so far into them, that we might see the future ahead for us in our sleep.’” Monika said, nodding. “That was from ‘A Book of Fay’, if I recall.”
“‘A Book of Fay’,” Oaka said, and chuckled. “Prophecies and dreams, and now we’re referencing the Fay! Next thing you know, we might be wishing for the moon to come down.”
“Oaka, the Fay did exist.” Fato declared.
“Never figured you for an idealist,” Oaka said, staring at him in shock. “Or a dreamer. Basha is the one who would be saying that.”
“Yes, well, you don’t know the half of it.” Fato declared. “I believe the Fay did exist, because…well, where would magic have come from?” He asked.
“Magic is--was--” Oaka hesitated. “It’s a human thing. Maybe it’s from the gods.”
“Don’t tell me it’s human! What about the animals? The unicorns and dragons, don’t tell me that wasn’t magic that created them!” Fato exclaimed.
“All right, it was magic. It’s a natural thing. But I don’t believe in the Fay because, well, they were not natural, were they?” Oaka asked. “Fay were somewhere between gods and men, right? What’s natural about that? Gods exist if you believe in them, men and animals definitely exist, but Fay were more of a fancy to me, a wish fulfillment.”
Fato opened his mouth, but then…howls in the distance.
“Lowercase wolves?” Oaka asked.
“No, in the middle of the day?” Basha exclaimed. “They’re Black Wolves, Hyena Wolves, Wolves uppercase!”
“Let’s get out of here!” Monika cried, standing up. “Grab everything, and load the horses!” She told them.

Fato had been keeping secrets from his friends, if you could call them friends, for how much they had been ignoring him these past couple of days, throughout this whole trip. Basha had been nice about letting him join up with them, after what had happened to Sir Nickleby; Fato understood that sometimes grief made people hard. Basha was a nice fellow, all things considered, and at least he listened to Fato sometimes. Oaka, a little less so; he had big problems with trust, Fato could understand that as well, apparently Oaka had been very upset over the loss of the knight, because he had been such an important man, and Fato might have teased the boy too much. He wasn’t about to let somebody debase him first without debasing them as well.
Ah, Monika was a sweet girl, even if she was a little secretive and reserved, always ready to pet him and scratch him if he landed on the pommel of her saddle and leaned towards her. Monika even took some of the load off of him, for besides being the target of Oaka’s dismay for awhile, she took over as the main hunter for the group, sharing her kills with the boys. Now Fato could keep most of his kills for himself instead of sharing, and the meat tasted good.
But even Monika did not know the truths Fato concealed.
The fact of the matter was, he wasn’t carrying a very important message; he wasn’t even sure if it was worthy of King Sonnagh’s ears. He probably would just relate it to some court orderly instead, typical. What happened on the day the Black Wolves first started chasing him, and then Basha and Oaka was this: Fato had been flying along, but singing his ‘Fato the falcon, Fato the falcon, royal messenger bird extraordinaire’ song instead of reciting the message. He was thus distracted, and did not notice the pack of Black Wolves until he was almost on top of them.
Luckily, the wind had been in his favor that day, and there was a convenient branch upon which he alighted. The pack of Black Wolves appeared to be resting after a morning meal. He watched, horrified yet fascinated as they lied upon the ground, gnawing at fleas like they were a bunch of dogs lazing about. But then a howl in the distance alerted the pack members, and they rolled over and sprang up onto their paws, setting off. Against his sane and better judgment, Fato decided to follow after them, to see what had triggered their agitation and what could make them move like this. He also wanted to know what they were up to so that he could tell King Sonnagh; this would definitely be worthy of the king’s notice.
The Black Wolves were already in a swift lope and he could barely keep up. As Fato skimmed through the canopy, though, he did notice several members of the pack pausing, one at a time, to sniff and scan the area. They were looking for something, he could tell.
At last, he became so dangerously curious that he spiraled downwards to get a closer look. A halted Black Wolf, who seemed not to notice the falcon, caught whiff of something in the opposite direction and yelped to alert the pack. Once several yelps had answered back, then the Black Wolf twisted round to maliciously and playfully snap at the hovering Fato.
However, the falcon, half-frightened out of his wits by this action, inadvertently glided away in the same direction as their quarry, thinking to himself soon afterwards that the Black Wolves were after him. Accelerating through the forest, he got brief glances of Black Wolves sprinting round pine trees, howling in gory anticipation, right behind him. 
He even passed by a human hurrying to get away from this formidable force, his long legs flying--that had been Oaka.
When passing over a gap in the forest canopy, he spotted another human directly below him. The falcon immediately circled round and dived down. He had to warn him. He had brought these Black Wolves upon these poor fellows.
“Wolves! Coming this way! Get out of here, boy!” Fato cried, and then flew off.
He did not see most of what happened next. He flew up high, and then realized that he had not been chased by the Black Wolves. Instead he realized that the Black Wolves had been waiting for the boys and chasing after them even before one of the Black Wolves--just one--had noticed him. That made him think for a moment, and he decided to go back down to see if the boys were still alive. 
At one point, coming down, he spotted the Wolves surrounding something, snarling, possibly a person that had been knocked onto the ground. But then the Black Wolves had scattered with a puff of smoke billowing up into the air and, coughing, Fato had avoided that spot, knowing that whatever or whomever he might find down there would be dead.
The boys were fine for the most part when he spotted them, although crying about the loss of Sir Nickleby and worrying about why the Black Wolves had been chasing after them. Fato was concerned, especially when one of them turned out to be ‘Basha’. For Fato had been carrying not one, but two messages. Over a month ago, Fato had taken off from Old Fort Ca--near Coe Jaja, and south of Coe Kiki--with his first message, from a Major Lupo to a Sir Nickleby in Coe Baba, basically saying, ‘Keep Basha safe’, amongst other things.
Fato had stopped at a couple of places along the way, including Coe Aela where he had received his second message that was to be delivered to Coe Kiki, but he had to take care of his first message before delivering the second. So Fato had been heading north, on his way to Coe Baba, when he had spotted the Black Wolves and turned around, just in time to meet Basha personally. Sir Nickleby was dead, that had to be whomever (or whatever) the Black Wolves were surrounding before. He wouldn’t be receiving his message in that state, but it still remained lodged in Fato’s head--‘keep Basha safe’. Apparently Sir Nickleby had needed the message.
Fato wanted to know more about them, why in the world Black Wolves would have been chasing after them in the first place when they didn’t seem that dangerous or impressive. Maybe the boys would have just been eaten by the Black Wolves, but the Black Wolves had already eaten, so why them? Fato decided to find out more. He decided to stay with them, and help them if he could, because they needed all of the help they could get in their pitiful, weakened state. At least he had done something noble for once, if not exactly smart, for all of the good it had done him now.
He was a royal messenger bird, but he wasn’t the only one, nor was he the most important one. It was a little hard for him to stand out amidst the flocks of different birds, all shapes and sizes. He might have been one of the predatory birds, built to survive long flights and fend for himself, but he wasn’t one of the largest raptors. Some eagles and hawks were much larger than him. But Fato had dreams about being the noblest amongst them. He wanted to be a real royal messenger bird, used and kept by the king of Arria himself, trusted to deliver the most important messages. What glory that would be for him and his future hatchlings after him.
Unfortunately, that meant risking his neck, and the necks of his future hatchlings after him in turn, by traveling along with these stupid bozos who were now being chased by Black Wolves again.
And the second message he had received at Coe Aela, to be delivered to Coe Kiki after Sir Nickleby’s message…it wasn’t meant for the ears of Basha and his friends, but it might have been important to them at this point.
Rule #9 of Being a Royal Messenger Bird, Keep your wings clean, trim long pinions. Rule #10, Refresh your mind with memory tricks. Rule #11, Be quick in flight, but remember to rest, and Rule #12--Keep on task, Do Not Delay With Flocks. 
Why had he not followed this rule? Perhaps he wasn’t the smartest bird, apparently ravens, crows, and parrots were smarter than he was, but that didn’t stop him from trying and failing to be smart. And he would be punished for it.
Part Two: Coe Aela
Chapter 8: Welcome
We come from all around, we come from every
Town. We seek food and shelter, warmth and hearth,
Happiness and safety too. Well, you are in luck, for you
Have found it here, Welcome to the Smiling Stallion inn!
--The Smiling Stallion Inn song, Arria

Iibala raced down the road, not even bothering to take one of the horses out of the stables when the animal would only mess her sense up. Somewhere up ahead of her, someone was dying, and she had to stop it somehow. The sense of death she had was common to her, especially living so close to the cemetery with the standing stones; she hated experiencing that sense of death nearly every day. But this time it was different. It was closer, it was fresher, and it was dying, not dead already. If she could stop the dying, it would end her sense of it.
Her father’s ranch was located about five miles or so outside of town proper on the northeast road that would lead all the way to the Oracle of Mila’s cave. If she wanted to go anywhere besides the cave, she had to go south to the main road, which was intersected by the northeast road at the point it started to turn south to avoid the graveyard. She had to pass by the graveyard every time she went into town. It annoyed her, messed up her senses every time. 
She wished she had ridden a horse. Iibala slowed down, huffing and puffing. Had she really been running for...two miles now? Oh, this was exhausting! Why had she been running all this way? It was urgent, yes, but she didn’t have to kill herself over it. She landed against a rock, huffing and puffing, and stared up at a menhir. Oh, why…she recoiled in disgust, trembling as she felt death, and more; there was someone here already. She turned away, and saw, sitting on top of a rock, a figure she recognized. Could that be Sisila? What was she doing out here? The feeling of death Iibala had was growing stronger.
She approached slowly, not wanting to alarm Sisila, and apprehensive as well about the baron’s youngest daughter being out here. There was no reason for her to be, so early in the morning, and yet--could she be connected to this sense?
Sisila looked up and gasped. “Iibala?” She called.
“Yes, it’s me!” Iibala called back, coming up to the rock—not a dolmen, at least.
“What are you doing out--” Sisila said, turning around on top of the rock to face her.
“I might ask you the same question.” Iibala said.
Sisila sighed. “I was...trying to reconcile...have you ever had a strange dream, a vision of sorts if you will? One so vivid that you can’t believe it’s not real?”
Iibala hesitated. “I’ve had dreams of those sorts, of horses and men. Some of them intertwined with me.” She smiled wickedly.
Sisila blinked and frowned. “You’ve been around too many stallions.” Sisila remarked before she turned away and said, “I’ve had dreams of those sort as well, of life-like quality and not--well, of horses and men.” She gulped. 
“Then you don’t have a very good imagination, Sisila.” Iibala said.
“Anyway, last night I had a dream unlike any other I’ve had before,” Sisila continued, “But it haunted me. Of figures standing out here around an open grave, waiting to lower down an empty coffin. Jawen, Geda, Habala, Lapo, the mayor, my father, even you and I were out here standing amongst the townspeople, dressed in mourning black, not far from the grave of Kala, Basha’s mother. I wanted to scream at them to stop.” She lowered her head.
“Sisila, that’s not altogether uncommon, to have such a horrible nightmare, considering what you have been through.” Iibala said. “My father, your beloved Oaka, and dear, sweet Basha are gone, off on a quest for Jawen, wretched though it might be. Natural that you might think that--” Iibala hesitated a moment. She did not want to say ‘they might be dead’, for there was a likelihood that it might occur. “However, do not fret, for though my father can be annoying, he is still a knight. He has years of experience under his belt, and though his best years might be behind him--”
“It’s not just that, Iibala.” Sisila said, turning back to her. “Are you in love with Basha?” She asked.
Iibala burst out laughing. “I’m not--I might be attracted to him, and I might have grown fond of him, but no, right now I’m not in love with him.” She sighed. “I was trying to get to him at the Courtship ritual because--well, because he’s improved a lot since I dated him several years ago,” She turned to Sisila. “Do you know what I did to him then?” She asked.
“You dumped him for an older man, laughed in his face when he caught you two together, and then said that he wasn’t a man. Oaka told me so.” Sisila said, glaring at her.
“That’s right, but Basha has grown up a lot since then, and I’ve seen that I was wrong, I’ve seen that--well, he has great potential.” Iibala said. With what her father had suspected, Iibala thought it might be a good idea to be on the tiger’s side. “I wasn’t about to let that go to Jawen without a fight. I did not like the idea of Jawen getting any more than she already had, for Jawen does have a lot because of her father.”
Sisila shook her head. “Well, if you had felt true love for Basha, you would have known that true love means sharing a soul, of sorts.” Sisila said, turning around to face the graveyard. “I felt that I was in the grave, in the coffin, as well as standing amongst the mourners. Despite the normal life of the town going on behind me, despite the graveyard and the burial now my limbo, I felt my soul connect to Oaka, and I knew where he was, that he was still alive, even though in grave danger. He was still alive and standing right next to me almost three hundred miles away.”
Iibala opened her mouth, about to say something important to Sisila in the form of some advice, when they spotted movement from the main road, not far from Sisila’s rock, and--she knew what it was.
“Father!” She cried, running toward the familiar horse with its rider draped across its back, barely noticing the other rider keeping pace alongside. The sense of dying was stronger than ever before.
She reached the horse, and raised her head. “Oh, father,” She gasped, staring at the wounds barely healed all over his body. Skin and muscle had been torn off in some places, barely revealing bone, and he appeared to be in agony still, a pained expression on his pale face. 
“Is he okay?” Sisila asked, just catching up with her.
“Is this man--” A voice started to say, and they stared up at the woman riding alongside him, a woman in her 30s as hard as the rocks that surrounded her with brown hair.
“He is my father.” Iibala said, “What happened to him?”
“He was attacked by wolves as far as I can tell,” The woman nodded. “I’ve done the best I could do, but he needs to rest. I’ve brought him back here as fast as I safely could, as he said he lived in Coe Baba when he was coherent. Other times, he said Coe Kiki, and some other places.” She added.
Sir Nickleby moaned. “Iibala?” He asked, opening his eyes.
“I’m here, father,” She said, reaching up to grasp his hand, though he flinched. She did not blame him. She now realized how weak, how old, and how hurt he was after this attack. “Can you come with us back to our home?” Iibala now asked the woman. “We may need some help getting him inside.”
“Of course. I have to, as it is my duty.” The woman remarked. “Grab the reins of his horse, Iibala, and lead the way.”
“What is your name?” Sisila asked the woman as Iibala did as she was bid, and they started off towards Iibala’s home.
“I am Mirari.” The woman said.
“Mirari the healer from Coe Ryn?” Sisila asked.
“Yes. I was on my way here from Coe Anji. Right at the start of the season, the ship dropped me off there, just a little bit earlier than usual this year, as a matter of fact. And I happened across Sir Nickleby and his horse right along the roadside about a hundred miles from here.” Mirari shook her head. “What was he doing out there?” She asked.
“It’s a long story.” Sisila remarked, glancing at Iibala. How could they share such a story now to a near stranger?
Mirari the healer? How was it possible that Mirari had found-- “It’s a blessing you found him,” Iibala managed to say, although she wondered why this had happened. It was now the 14th day of Markee, approximately 8 days since Basha, Oaka, and her father Sir Nickleby had left Coe Baba on Basha’s quest. Eight days, and already her father was on the brink of death. What had happened to Oaka and Basha? She hoped they were okay. Sisila had said Oaka was, that she had felt him last night, but what about Basha? It was almost like, whatever had happened, this quest was doomed. And she knew who to blame.

A sable passant bear wavered in the field of white that hovered above the turrets and battlements of Coe Aela, a rectangular limestone castle of immeasurable age at the edge of Mila Forest. Guards walked along the allure, or wall-walk behind the parapets of the curtain walls, keeping up their rounds even though there was no enemy to fight anymore. They saluted their commanding officers, especially Captain Goga, commander of all the guards, whenever they did pass by them. Otherwise, there was nothing else for them to do except to watch.
Suddenly, they heard howling in the distance and they stopped to turn their heads towards the north, where most of Mila Forest was spread out in front of them, with the mountains and hills of the Popo Hills region beginning behind them towards the south. The howling was of numerous strains, yet all echoing one another in the end and coming this way. 
Goga ordered some of his men to follow him towards the gatehouse, while a few of his men were sent down into the bailey to stand on either side of the gate, ready to fight if any unwelcomed invaders managed to get through, although the portcullis currently was lowered. 
Marlo, the old steward of the castle, stepped outside to see what all of the fuss was about, as the servants coming inside the castle were complaining and gossiping amongst one another about what was happening. Marlo wanted to squelch any rumors that anything amiss was going on, as he had to see to it that the servants were well-content with their lot in life and ready to serve, but he had a feeling that he could not scrub this emergency away from their minds.
 “Marlo?” A voice he instantly said just inside the doorway.
Marlo turned around, and bowed. “My lord.” He whispered.
“What is going on?” The lord asked, staring up at the wall in fear.
“It will be all right, my lord,” Marlo said, feeling a need to reassure the man he had helped to take care of since birth.
Goga had two men stand by on the winch, ready to raise the portcullis if he felt so kind as to let someone through. He knew that the howling meant something, he could almost understand what they were saying. If these were just ordinary wolves chasing something through the forest, he had nothing to fear, but it was rare for a whole pack of wolves to be howling like this in the middle of the morning. If it was Black Wolves, Hyena Wolves, however, then he had much to fear. He also needed to know just what they were chasing.
“Hava!” He called, turning around.
His dark-haired secretary, who appeared to be in his early thirties, was standing right behind him. “What is it, Captain Goga?” Hava asked, annoyed.
“Bring me my telescope,” Goga said, pointing down.
“All the way in the barracks?” Hava asked, appalled.
“Now, Hava, and be quick about it!” Goga told him.
Hava sighed, and started jogging off along the allure towards the rear of the castle grounds, as the stairs there led down towards the barracks. Goga shook his head at the man’s incompetence, already wishing to be rid of him as he turned back around to peer out into the distance. 
“What is going on?” He heard a voice boom loudly from below behind him, and Goga grimaced as he turned towards the center of the bailey, for standing there was none other than Lord Fobata, Duke of Coe Aela, with Marlo the steward just behind him.
“I have yet to ascertain the full extent of the danger, your Grace,” Goga told him. “But we have reason to believe that those howls you hear, those howls which are not that hard to miss, are of Black Wolves, Hyena Wolves, chasing something or someone through the forest.”
“Oh my!” Lord Fobata exclaimed, turning around with a handkerchief held up to his mouth. “We shall have to let them in if they are people.” He said, mostly to the crowd of servants, guests, and peasants surrounding him.
“Let them in?” Goga gasped. “My lord--”
“We shall have to let them in, whoever they are!” Lord Fobata declared, flouncing the handkerchief in front of the people. “We cannot turn them away, especially on my birthday. It would bode ill not to invite them in, and be generous.”
“Yes, your Grace,” Goga muttered, turning back around. “Raise the portcullis, prepare to welcome some guests in if they come through safe.” He ordered the guards.

Basha couldn’t breathe. It was a recurring nightmare. It was the second time since he had started his quest that he had been chased by Black Wolves. He still did not understand why it had happened to him. Accompanying him was Oaka, who had not fallen off of Joko this time, and riding alongside him on the opposite side was Monika on her horse Deja, whom he had met for the second time in his life in Coe Anji. Flying just ahead of them was Fato the talking falcon, a royal messenger bird who, if he was to be believed, was to blame for this fiasco.
“Come on, it’s just a little bit farther!” Fato called. “It’s Coe Aela, I can see it! I can see it.” He whispered the last. I wish that I didn’t, the falcon thought to himself.
Basha urged his horse Talan to move a little faster. “I hope you are right!” He called. He doubted that Fato was to blame for this fiasco because circumstances in his own life had been strange enough before the falcon ever came into it that he wondered if there was another explanation for the Black Wolves’ presences.
Indeed, the turrets were visible rising up into the sky through the trees, as were the Black Wolves loping along closer to the ground, trying to run down the horses and take down their riders as well. Almost the same as what happened to Sir Nickleby, except he jumped down to confront the Wolves and let Basha and Oaka get away. He was a brave man, a true noble knight like the Knights of Arria of old. Basha wished he were that brave as well.
“Is this normal?” Monika called, attempting to notch an arrow to her bow and fire back at the Wolves, though she fumbled with her weapon due to the speed of her horse.
“Not for us,” Basha told her, although he wondered why she even had to ask? The last couple of days had been strange, admittedly, but…perhaps nothing was normal anymore, he realized. Perhaps this was the new normal from now on.
“Almost there!” Oaka cried, laughing in relief and fear as he tried to hang on. For almost a few seconds, he had managed to summon up some flames in his hand, in the hopes of using his fire against the Black Wolves, but then the flames had faded away with the rush of the wind. Still, he had the spark.
The castle did seem close, but it continued to grow as they got closer, the walls rearing up above their heads farther than their necks could stretch, until they reached the portcullis, raised to welcome them in safety. Basha glanced back at the Wolves that seemed to dissolve away, fleeing from the walls as the guards fired arrow after arrow down at them, and back into the forest. He was glad of that.
They rode into the bailey, paved with stones at its center and surrounded by mud, halting their horses at the line of guards arrayed in front of and on either side of them, dressed in black and green uniforms with a crowd of people gathered beyond. Heads peered above the shoulders of the guards, still standing on the defensive with bows, spears, and swords withdrawn, curious to see what sort of people had been targeted by Black Wolves. Basha, Oaka, and Monika slowly dismounted, careful not to reach towards their weapons as Fato landed on Talan. The portcullis lowered behind them.
“Stand down, men, stand down!” ordered one of the guards coming down from the allure, who appeared to be a senior officer as the other guards followed his orders, sheathing swords, lowering bows and spears.
“Welcome to Coe Aela!” A voice called, and they turned their heads as the crowd and guards parted for a rotund man wearing a velvet mulberry-colored coat trimmed in embroidery, barely fastened at the bottom near his stomach with bulging buttons in their loops. A white handkerchief with red stitching the rotund man used to pat the sweat off of his slightly red and wrinkled oval face with large cheeks, bushy eyebrows, thick lips and a broad forehead, fluttered in the breeze. The white and red handkerchief caught Basha’s eye for a moment, before he looked away to examine the rest of the handkerchief’s owner.
A white ruffled shirt stuck out at the top from beneath the handkerchief’s owner’s coat, which flared out to a nearly knee-length hem and had wide lace-lined cuffs. The rotund man also wore breeches and wide, pointed shoes with a buckle. He had dark, piercing eyes and was nearly bald, with a little fuzz at the back of his head and on his chin and cheek, as if he might grow a beard or had forgotten to shave this morning, perhaps for the last week as well. He wore a wig of white and auburn hair to cover up his baldness.
“I am Lord Fobata, Duke of Coe Aela,” The rotund man pronounced as Basha, Oaka, Monika and even Fato bowed before him. “Thank you. This is my steward Marlo--” He gestured with his handkerchief to the old man that stood beside him, whose gray hair had almost conquered his original chestnut hair, in plain clothes with a pointed chin and goatee. The steward bowed to the guests solemnly, attempting to hide a brief smile.
“And this is Captain Goga, head of my guards,” Fobata pointed disdainfully at the guard that had ordered the men to stand down, and was now alighting upon the ground. Captain Goga turned his frown upon the newcomers before he looked away in disgust. Goga had a thick, bushy head of curled blond hair whipped into a frenzy, raw angular cheeks that appeared to have been shaved too closely with nicks, stern eyes and thin lips. He wore dark clothes of a commanding presence underneath thin armor.
“I am Basha of Coe Baba,” Basha spoke up, a little surprised at himself for being so bold in the midst of some unpleasant company. “This is Oaka, also of Coe Baba, Monika of the Za Desert, and Fato the falcon, royal messenger bird.” He said, introducing his companions in turn as they bowed their heads.
Fato frowned. “I can introduce myself.” He muttered under his breath.
“Welcome, and be merry, for you are safe from those Black Wolves.” Lord Fobata said, tucking his handkerchief into his coat pocket and nodding his head. “Nothing of Doomba’s horrors could ever pierce these thick limestone walls, which have stood for over a thousand years.” He gestured towards the walls. “And be merry as well for you have come at a most prodigious time, for it is my birthday celebration.” He smiled. “Come join us this evening in the grand banquet hall and feast to your delight, while you are entertained most heartily,” He pronounced, turning away.
“We humbly thank you, your Grace, for sheltering us, and we are most honored to be here at such a fortuitous time,” Basha said, bowing again and feeling uneasy with this whole experience. Lord Fobata’s invitation and assurance, while it was most welcome, (welcome, welcome, everyone was welcome) seemed to be cold and awkward to him as if it was not truly meant, but he supposed that was just his own discernment after the discomfort of being chased by Black Wolves and nearly threatened by Captain Goga’s guards. There was something else nagging him about Lord Fobata’s appearance, but he couldn’t remember what it was.
“Marlo, see to it that they are settled in suitable quarters,” Lord Fobata told his steward, without any more regard for his new guests, and then walked away back towards the castle. The crowd parted once more and he waved to everyone that surrounded him before he went back inside. Fobata shuddered to himself as the doors closed.
“All right, everyone, there is nothing more to see here.” Goga said, turning towards the crowd. “Ladies and gentlemen, please return to your business. That means you, too, gents,” He said to his guards, and they dispersed, muttering disquietedly amongst themselves as they glanced back at Basha and his group.
“Well, that went well,” Oaka muttered.
“It will be all right, Oaka.” Basha said. “We’re just not used to this sort of thing and we must have made a horrible, shocking first impression on them, running in here being chased by Black Wolves--no wonder they distrust us, or something like that.”
“Are you trying to make excuses for them?” Oaka asked.
“I don’t like the look of Lord Fobata and Goga.” Monika said, shaking her head. “Especially Lord Fobata. That wig is disingenuous, like the rest of him. Nothing here is sincere.”
“I agree with you there,” Fato said, nodding.
Basha blinked; surprised that Monika felt the same way he did about Fobata’s greeting. “We just have to get used to this place,” He said, staring up at the walls and then at the castle. “My Tau...do you see all of this, Oaka?” Basha laughed. “This is a real live castle, like the ones in stories! Monika, have you ever seen anything like this before?” He asked her.
“I’ve seen fortresses and the like,” Monika said, “In some cities, though nothing like this castle before now, I have to admit,” She said, though almost disdainfully. Perhaps the castle was not as beautiful as it was imposing, but Basha thought that it was suitable to take shelter in, especially if Fobata was right about it being a thousand years old. It certainly looked that old, in any case, but at least it had lasted this long.
“Wait till you get to Coe Kiki.” Fato remarked, smiling. “The sight of that palace, and the whole city, is liable to take your breath away.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” Oaka said, nodding. “Right now I’m just glad to be here alive.”
Marlo the steward approached them. “Gentlemen, and lady,” He said, nodding and bowing as they bowed back. “You may take your bags, and this servant here,” He nodded toward a thin, small servant about 5 years younger than some of them with black hair, “will take your horses to the stables.”
Basha, Monika, and Oaka hesitated about giving up their horses to someone who seemed too young to be a servant, unused to being served by somebody else as well, but they gathered up their belongings and handed the reins over to the servant as bidden. “Thank you, and don’t worry,” said the servant who sounded like a girl, “I will take good care of them, you can count on that.” The servant added before leading off Talan, Deja, and Joko towards the stables.
The group members stared at one another before they, too, were led away by Marlo.

The Black Wolves, his Hyena Wolves, had failed once again to capture their prey, Doomba thought to himself, and then they had to be called away from the pursuit in order to give others a chance to succeed. It was frustrating for Doomba to have the hunt halted so abruptly, just as he was beginning to enjoy it and just as the Wolves were starting to give him a good, small hint of his prey, several people on horseback, but which one was the tiger? All of them seemed to be good candidates at this point.
However, it was necessary, even crucial to him at this point, that the hunt should be called off, to lull the group into a false sense of hope and security in Coe Aela. The Black Wolves could not penetrate the walls of Coe Aela, after all, which Doomba had recognized through the blur of the chase, and it would be pointless of them to try. He had forced the Black Wolves to turn back around and surrender the attack, when they were not needed here for now. 
Let others take control of the situation, and give them the chance to prove their worth as Followers of Doomba for once. Maybe they would succeed where others had failed, although would they know that these newcomers were the ones he sought? Would they know that…no, he would not underestimate them, all he had to do for now was wait for some news of the outcome, and hopefully it would be good news for once. Coe Aela had disappointed him in the past, but it was their turn now, let them toy and play the gambit. He couldn’t wait.
Waiting, waiting, his whole existence had boiled down to waiting, for at least 26 centuries he had spent in this interminable state, and he was tired of it. When would be his chance to shine? All he wanted to do, after so many years of waiting for Coe Pidaria to open up, for the destruction of Arria, and for the tiger to show up, was to stand up once more and march out into the world on his own two feet, to rule and conquer as he wished, but he could not even do that. It was so very little to ask for in the end, but what more could he want? Mobility, power, freedom, this was what he desired.
The rottenness inside his body was so pervasive that he could not even heal himself properly. There was no way to restore the body, much less preserve it in its current state, after nearly 3,000 years of existence and decay. It would continue to decline, and he might fail along with the body, or become nothing more than a mere shadow himself. To be a mere shadow was to be insubstantial, prone to weakness, exploitation by others, and doubt from his Followers and Servants, until he finally did fall from power. This would not do, after so long spent trying to control himself and others. He was not about to let go of power. 
Yet what was the point of obtaining and controlling so much power in the first place if he could not even use it properly in physical form? No, he had to correct this, he was not about to let himself go. He would do something, perhaps to stymie the loss of his body, and sustain it for as long as he could until he transferred his consciousness onto another host, perhaps that of the tiger. From what he had gathered or sensed, the tiger would be the perfect host for his self. The strength, youth, and vitality of the tiger’s body would sustain him for 26 more centuries, and allow him to wield his powers in full while maintaining physical strength. 
Memba’s body was bound to have been even weaker than the tiger’s body at the outset, after all, and look how long this body had lasted, despite deterioration. Perhaps it would be possible to obtain the tiger’s body and, instead of killing it, invade it, purging the tiger’s consciousness of everything that made him who he was to make way for his own. Of course, Memba had not even vanished completely from the body that Doomba now possessed, having passed along some of his feelings and memories of humanity onto the demon. So there may be some small trace left of the tiger inside Doomba’s new body, but Doomba could choose to ignore whatever the tiger had to say, and it might even make such possession fun, to control and overrule the tiger, to make him feel helpless for centuries, just like he did.
Doomba had a habit of taking apart whatever he most despised and making something new out of it, perhaps hideous and horrible to others, but he gained a sense of pride and accomplishment from the act, feeling that he had created something worthwhile, perhaps a living, breathing thing that would go on to cause great damage. This would be a major accomplishment, one that could be recorded for all of history to behold, marvel at, and despise. Although it could be weeks, even months before the tiger was close enough for Doomba to possess him, and even then, the tiger was bound to resist, it was a possibility that Doomba was willing to consider, tempting as it was to make such fiendish use of the tiger of light’s body, and corrupt his memory. The tiger of light would hate what he had become.
Whatever occurred, however he might accomplish the task of preserving his body or obtaining a new one, next time, he would not waste precious hours and years waiting for something to happen. He would use his powers, and let the kingdoms of this world tremble and crumble about him.
There was a knock on the door and Doomba groaned. “What is it now?” He called out.
A gringrok poked its head in and said, “A Trolla from the Pits is here to report on yesterday’s escape attempt.”
“Escape attempt?” Doomba gasped when such a thing was unheard of, or at least it had been for the past few centuries. “Would someone please explain to me what has gone wrong at the Pits?” He asked.

Iibala held open the front door, and with Sisila’s and Mirari’s help, carried in her father. “His room is in the back, by the stairs,” She said as they navigated through the parlor, careful not to hurt Sir Nickleby too much, and entered his bedroom. “One moment,” She said, pulling back the quilt and blanket on his bed before she and the other women transferred him onto it. “That should do for now, I think, thank you,” She said, glancing towards the other two women as they moved away from the bed in silence to the doorway. It was almost like a funeral, how awkward they all were with their voices and their heads down.
“I do not know for how long I shall be in town this time,” Mirari said, glancing towards the bedroom window. “There are other places I travel to during the seasons of Reda, Plig, and Suma. But I shall check in on him whenever I am in town and if you want me to, for a small fee though.”
Iibala slowly nodded. “I suppose that is all I can expect.” She sighed. “We can talk about payment, perhaps on a monthly basis, whenever you do come by next.” Her voice hardened as she knew it was time to talk business.
“I will not accept payment for what I have done up to now, though,” Mirari said slowly, lowering her voice and head even more as she softened. “That was out of kindness, and I suppose I had to for his sake. Not like I would ever leave somebody by the side of the road, especially in his state.”
“Thank you,” Iibala said softly. Mirari was a good woman, even though she sometimes had to act harsh for whatever reason she had.
Sisila glanced around, and then looked down at Sir Nickleby. “You certainly did an excellent job, though,” She said, approaching the bed and examining the wounds from afar. “For though he might have been attacked by the wolves not that long ago, it already looks like it has been healed for about a month.”
“That’s just my skill,” Mirari said, looking up sharply. “I bandaged and cleaned his wounds right, making sure they were tightly wrapped, and then I gave him a potion that would allow him to sleep soundly so that his wounds would heal themselves.” She defended herself. “He’ll be fine with further treatment--I can guarantee there will be no infection.”
Iibala slowly nodded and glanced at Mirari, wondering why she had been so fiercely defensive. “All right. I suppose we should let my father rest. Does he need any treatment now, or will he be fine for awhile yet?”
“He’ll be fine for awhile yet.” Mirari said slower. “I’ll come by tomorrow, once I’m settled in at the inn, if you need me.” She turned away. “He might need another dose by then.”
“Yes, thank you, do come by then, and--” Iibala hesitated before she grabbed Mirari’s arm. “Don’t say a word about this to anyone.” She told Mirari firmly, making her own demand. “We do not want people to know what has happened to my father.”
“What? Why?” Mirari asked, glaring at Iibala as Sisila gasped.
“You do not know what kind of an effect this will have on people,” Iibala said, glancing over at Sisila. “You see, he went out with Basha and Oaka, the sons of the innkeeper Geda, on a quest. And they will fear what has happened to Basha and Oaka if they find out what has happened to my father. Please, please do not tell them, at least not yet.” She begged.
Mirari gaped at them. “Why, you should not keep a secret like this, or ask me to keep such a secret,” She wiggled out of Iibala’s grasp, “from the good people here in Coe Baba, especially from Basha’s and Oaka’s family, who will find out eventually. I don’t know how you can hide this secret for very long.”
“I do not want to worry them, and they will not find out for awhile,” Iibala said. “I have a way of avoiding notice. In any case, I can and will face the consequences when they do come. You do not have to worry about being blamed.”
“Please?” Sisila asked Mirari uncertainly, without really knowing why Iibala had to ask this of Mirari.
“Fine, I will do so, but I will hate every moment of it,” Mirari said, glaring at the two girls. “I do not know what is going on here, but I will want a full explanation out of you next time, Iibala,” She said, leaving the ranch house.
“Iibala, you are…” Sisila shook her head and approached the other young woman. “I do not know if I should thank you or…are you quite sure we should not worry the others unless absolutely necessary? I do not think we are going about it the right way.” Sisila said.
“It is the only way, for now.” Iibala said, turning to her. “If you are so sure that Oaka is still alive, then Basha might be alive as well, and thus far my father has survived…we have to believe what we must believe or else all hope will be lost for us.” She said, turning to face her father. 
She had to review the facts in her head. She had to talk to the Old Man. Ever since her father had revealed to her what little he knew about the Old Man, Basha, the tiger and the Black Wolf, the tenuous connections that might exist between each, leading to a whole web of intrigue, not to mention what little she had seen herself with the crows, and now…she had to question whether it was true, that Basha might be the tiger. She had to know before she could speak to Sisila about what she suspected. She trusted that Sisila would be able to keep this secret, as her beloved Oaka was involved, and Sisila had to know what was happening.
Sisila slowly nodded. “Thank you. I shall be going home now, unless you need me to help you.”
“I suppose I can manage with my father on my own,” Iibala said, slowly nodding, “But you can stay if you like, if you need some company. It can be tough living on your own, I imagine, especially with Oaka traveling.”
“I have company right now staying at my house.” Sisila said, looking down.
“What? Who?” Iibala turned back around to face Sisila.
“Jawen. She...sort of moved out of her home soon after accepting Basha’s proposal of marriage. She could not bear living with her family any longer, after finally being freed in a sense, and even with Basha gone, she found it intolerable there with her father and the rest of her family making her feel uncomfortable. She decided it was best that she leave, and try to start a new life for herself.”
“How has that worked out so far?” Iibala asked, shocked and curious. Jawen and Sisila living together? Of course they would be together; they had always been together, even when the three of them were friends. Jawen had always been closer with Sisila than either one of them had been close to Iibala, but she had gotten used to it.
“She has tried to get a job for herself at a shop.” Sisila shrugged. “Not much luck so far.”
Iibala shook her head. “Will wonders never cease?” She muttered to herself, walking over to her father’s bedside. “Well, good bye, Sisila, and good luck with you and Jawen. Hopefully she will keep you company.” She said. Perhaps she shouldn’t begrudge them their friendship, but sometimes it could be lonely to be the odd one out.
“Do you suppose Mirari will keep our secret?” Sisila asked, looking up towards Iibala on her way out.
“I believe she might,” Iibala said, looking down at her father. “Especially if I threaten to tell her secret to the rest of the townspeople.”
“What secret is that?” Sisila asked.
“Mirari knows and uses magic to heal people.” Iibala smiled. So many secrets.
“How do you know that?” Sisila asked with a gasp.
“Never mind, just go on home.” Iibala said. “I have some business to take care of here.”
As soon as Sisila left, Iibala turned to her father. “Why did you have to be so stupid? You’re the only one I have left.” She whispered.
Chapter 9: Night Encounters
The strangest things happen at night, the most
Puzzling, inexplicable, and sensational things.
We are left scratching our heads and wondering,
What has just happened? Where did the clarity of day go?
--Clarity of Day, Kiwata

“Habala! Can you go fetch a cask or two of ale from the back?” Geda shouted at his wife as he filled up another drink, “We’re about to run out here.”
“All right,” Habala said, and left the common room for the storeroom, not returning for several minutes. It seemed like a long time, and although he wasn’t really paying attention to what was going on, filling up drinks and listening to Hermer blather on and on, Geda did wonder what she was doing back there. 
Suddenly, the door to the private quarters was flung open, and Smidge stormed out of there instead of Habala. “Smidge, what are you doing here?” Geda asked, surprised by his younger brother’s presence when he was supposed to be off-duty, and also by the fact that Smidge’s hair seemed to be slightly singed and smoking still.
“I’m coming to tell you that I quit, I’ve had enough of this rat-infested flea hole, and I’m getting out of here.” Smidge muttered to his older brother as he patted his hair to make sure that the fire was out. Meanwhile, people started scouring the floor, wondering if he was serious.
“There aren’t any rats, The Smiling Stallion inn is the cleanest place in town.” Geda loudly said to reassure his customers. “Quitting? Are you sure? What’s the matter?” Geda asked Smidge in a low voice, even more surprised than ever before when Smidge had always done part-time work here, when he wasn’t involved with the town militia. 
It didn’t make much sense for him to quit right now, after all these years of labor and the effort he had put into helping take care of The Smiling Stallion inn, not to mention the fact that he was going to inherit the inn after Geda died, with the boys gone. However, Geda’s heart started pounding, with hope or dread he didn’t know, at the prospect of Smidge’s departure. It would be a blessing to put his mind at rest about Smidge and Habala being involved with each other if Smidge wasn’t here on a regular basis, although it seemed ominous that this should be happening right now. He wondered if Habala and Smidge had been meeting in the private quarters while Habala went into the storeroom, and where was she now?
“Of course I’m sure. I haven’t been surer of anything in my life, Geda!” Smidge cried, throwing his hands up as ashes tumbled down from his head. “I’m happy to be leaving the inn, Geda, happy! In fact I’ve been miserable here for so long that it has become a way of life for me, miserable and bitter. I’m happy to be leaving you three here alone.” Smidge muttered.
“Three?” Geda asked, not knowing what he was talking about. 
“Three, and tell Habala that I went, Geda. Tell her that I was happy to leave and that she doesn’t have to say anything to you.” Smidge said, pausing a moment to turn to his brother. “Watch out for that woman of yours, Geda. She is a fiend in disguise and she will burn you like she burned me if you are not careful.” Smidge muttered, turning away and leaving with smoke trailing after him.
“A fiend? Burn me? What was she going to tell me?” Geda asked, worried, but it was too late, as Smidge was gone. Geda asked Hermer to watch the bar (there goes the ale) as he went back to the private quarters. Smidge must have run into Habala somehow back there, and although he had no idea what might have happened between them in the interval, he knew that it couldn’t be anything good with the way Smidge was talking.
“Habala? Habala, are you all right?” Geda asked, knocking on the storeroom door. “What is going on in there?” He asked when he didn’t get a reply from her, and then he opened the storeroom door, stumbling inside as he worried about what he might see.
“It is nothing, Geda,” Habala said, turning around to face him in an attempt to block his view of what was behind her, but Geda could still see Brigga retreating back into the casks, slightly disrobed. Three. Brigga was here, too, he had forgotten about that. She wasn’t supposed to be working here tonight, was she?
“What is going on here? What did Smidge do?” Geda asked, staring at them in horror. Had Smidge molested Brigga? And Habala, had she just stumbled upon them? Oh, what a relief, Habala wasn’t involved with Smidge, but…oh. Poor Brigga. She shouldn’t be treated this way, no person should. He should have known something terrible like this might happen with Smidge around. Smidge couldn’t control himself sometimes, and he was a crude man as well, but molesting Brigga? In a way, it wasn’t like him, how could Smidge go so far?
Habala sighed. “It is nothing, Geda, Smidge is gone now, he did quit, right?” Geda slowly nodded in reply, not wanting to say a word about anything else. How did she know? Did she convince him to quit? “I am just talking to Brigga here,” Habala continued, patting Brigga on the shoulder. Brigga looked a little nervous, understandable considering what had just happened to her. “And we would like some privacy, please. I will bring the casks once I am done here, so please just leave us alone for a bit.” Habala shooed away her husband.
Geda slowly retreated with another nod, and closed the storeroom door behind him. Right, they needed their privacy, Brigga needed some comfort from someone she could trust, and perhaps they should go to the constable to talk about this, but he didn’t know what had just happened, if Smidge had actually molested Brigga. 
It looked that way, but he hoped it wasn’t true, that there might be some other kind of explanation for the scene he had just stumbled across. Brigga was the one who would ultimately have to make the choice of accusing Smidge of such a crime, and he wondered if Habala was trying to talk her out of…no, she wouldn’t do that, would she? Smidge’s behavior was an embarrassment to the inn, certainly, but that was no excuse to cover it up, right? He worried that Habala might be trying to protect Smidge instead of…great. He was back to thinking Habala and Smidge might be involved with each other again, that Habala was protecting him. 
This was terrible; he couldn’t think that, he just couldn’t. He had to stick by Habala from now on. Though he doubted her, and he had some reason to tonight with her odd behavior, and Smidge’s burned hair, he had to trust that she had some good reason for her behavior, and that she was worth believing in, being his wife of twenty years or so. That had to count for something, in the end.
Geda returned to the bar, and eventually Habala came back out with the casks. He asked her if Brigga was all right, and Habala told him, in a low whisper, what Smidge had done. He had pestered Brigga, but he had not physically harmed her, especially when Habala had stepped in to stop him. Brigga was fine for the most part, just a little disturbed, and she had gone back home for the night. She would come back to work in the morning, now that Smidge had quit his job at the Smiling Stallion inn, and they would talk things out some more. It did not appear that Brigga would have Smidge arrested, at least not yet. Habala did not tell him what had burned Smidge, but Geda could guess, and he didn’t say anything.
Geda thought it rather odd that Brigga would basically just let Smidge go, and not have him arrested if he tried to harm her, but he did not question Habala right now, after his decision to stand by his wife. He would rather have Smidge go for now, to give them all some peace of mind, although Geda knew that, eventually, Smidge would return. Smidge was a part of their family and he couldn’t stay away from the inn forever, and they all would have to reconcile and settle their differences with Smidge either apologizing or paying for his crime to Brigga. Brigga certainly might have good reason to be upset with Smidge if he had harmed her, but if she did not press charges and accuse him of a crime, then she might have little recourse in this regard except to accept his apology. Smidge belonged here more than she did, he would take precedence over an employee.
As for Geda’s concern about Habala and Smidge…like Smidge, that would not go away forever, but at least for now, it was settled. So long as Smidge stayed away, he and everyone else would have some relief, however small it may be. The only truly good thing to come out of all this, he thought, was the possibility that Brigga and Habala might be friends again, when they had been friends as children, he thought. Habala wouldn’t obsess anymore over Brigga’s secrets, and Brigga could work here without any more aggravations until Smidge returned. The night wore on, until Geda sent the townspeople home, and the guests back upstairs. Geda and Habala cleaned up the common room, and then went to bed. Stiff and formal, nothing happened between them, and Geda lied awake for a while that night, still worrying about his wife, brother, and Brigga as Habala slept fitfully beside him. 

The group had gotten themselves settled into their quarters located in the east wing; there were two bedrooms beside each other, one for the boys, including Fato, and one for Monika. Though the inner walls of the castle matched the outer walls in terms of ugliness and decay, the furnishings attempted to overshadow the loss of grandeur over the ages by being grandiose themselves, though they, too, had been affected by water damage a little bit. Basha thought that though these bedrooms might be the smallest bedrooms in the whole castle, still they were larger than the guest rooms and even the living quarters at The Smiling Stallion inn.
“Can I take the bed?” Fato asked, staring down at the four-poster monstrosity.
“I believe that’s for all of us.” Oaka said, rolling his eyes at the bird.
“I claim the top then!” Fato declared, tapping his talons on the tester that covered the bed and posts.
“All right, suit yourself,” Oaka said and noticed Basha rummaging frantically through his bag. “What’s the matter with you?” Oaka asked.
“I can’t find my…” Basha hesitated, knowing what Oaka would think, but then he said, “I think I left my ‘other’ sword attached to the saddle,” because there was no other choice.
“What, your Coe Anji sword?” Oaka said, practically mouthing the last words.
“What are you two talking about?” Fato asked.
Basha nodded. “I think so,” He mouthed, also in a low voice to annoy Fato. “I’ve been looking through all of my bags, and I even checked yours.”
 “Forget about it.” Oaka said, waving his hand as Fato fluttered down to see what the fuss was about. “We don’t need it here if Coe Aela is such a safe place, and besides, I think you should separate yourself from that thing. You’ve been…” He frowned, more in disgust than in trying to come up with the right word. “Moving it around, touching it…I think you’ve grown too attached to that thing.” He insisted.
“I have not. And I might say the same thing about you and Sisila’s letter.” Basha said as Fato laughed.
“That’s different.” Oaka said sharply before they heard a knock on their door. “Who is it?” Oaka sighed.
“Gnat, the servant who led your horses to the stables. I am here to lead you all to the banquet hall now.” The voice on the other side of the door said.
Fato stopped laughing then. “Gnat?” The falcon said, frowning to himself as he turned his head around to peer at the door. “What type of a name is that?”
“We’ll be ready in a minute,” Oaka called out to the door before turning back to Basha and lowering his voice. “Gnat, you remember…was Gnat a boy or a girl?” He asked. “It was kind of hard to tell.”
“Does it matter?” Basha asked, wondering if it was even appropriate to discuss this as Fato settled on his left shoulder.
“I think Gnat was a girl.” Fato remarked.
“It does to me. It’s annoying, and…makes me nervous not knowing?” Oaka shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe I just want to know.”
Basha shrugged. “You’re hopeless,” He told Oaka before turning and answering the door. “Hello, Gnat. My name is Basha.” He held out his hand.
“And I’m Fato the royal messenger falcon, although everybody does seem to try and ignore me.” Fato said, glaring at Basha even as Basha tried not to look at him and laugh.
Gnat giggled. “Hello, Basha, Fato, nice to meet you two,” She said, smiling as Basha assumed Gnat was a girl. It was automatic. She shook his hand before petting the falcon’s head. “Are you ready?” She asked.
“Thanks for that.” Fato remarked, staring at Gnat.
Basha nodded. “Ready as I can be. I don’t think I have anything to wear better than what I have on now.” He said, looking down at his clothes. “Oaka should be a moment.”
“All right, all right, I’m ready,” Oaka sighed, coming out of the bedroom with just a shinier look upon his face, as he had cleaned himself off a little, and donned a fresher coat. “I hope I don’t smell.” He muttered.
“Like a pig or a monkey?” Fato asked.
“Don’t worry, you look fine,” Gnat told Basha before turning to Oaka. “I don’t think I can smell you from here, so you pass.” She said.
“Can I get a pass too? I can smell him from here!” Fato exclaimed, waving a wing.
Gnat frowned. “You should not…”
The other door opened, and Monika emerged wearing a shirt, breeches, and boots much like what she had been wearing during the trip. “All right, let’s get this over with,” Monika said.
“Should you not be wearing a dress?” Oaka asked.
“I don’t think it matters very much.” Monika said, turning to Gnat. “Besides, I don’t wear one when I’m traveling. Do you think it matters very much?” She asked Gnat.
“Oh, no,” Fato said, shaking his head.
“I don’t think so, though usually I don’t wear a dress,” Gnat said, turning away. “This way, please,” She said, walking down the hallway.
“Trying to figure it out?” Basha whispered to Monika.
“Quiet,” She said, shaking her head even though Basha knew it was true. He wondered if Gnat knew what sort of speculation was going on here. Fato softly laughed.
“The grand banquet hall is where you will usually go to eat all your meals, so no need to seek out the kitchens,” Gnat told them. “Although it is usually not so finely decorated as it is tonight. There will be fine entertainment as well while you eat—jugglers, acrobats, a clown, a bard, musicians and a fellow who has trained dogs to walk around in skirts.” 
“The dogs had better know how to dance, that’s all I’m saying.” Fato remarked.
Gnat glanced back at Fato and sighed. “Rude bird.” She said.
 “I’m just honest, not rude!” Fato gasped, slightly offended.
Gnat continued talking, “The bard will probably be leaving here tomorrow, as he has already stayed here a few days,” overmuch about the feast and what they might expect on the way over there, although Basha wondered what made her so talkative.
They entered the banquet hall through a large doorway, emerging from the screens passage into a huge space full of long tables and benches that stretched to a far wall. The aisles between the benches were narrow, but already crowded with guests and entertainers alike, the entertainers cavorting about trying to elicit a smile or a laugh from the guests going to their seats. Servants stood off to the side in the arcade, ready to be called when dinner would be dispersed. Gnat wandered off from the group to join the servants, as the group stared up at the vaulted wood-beamed ceiling strewn with metal chandeliers, plaster-covered and painted masonry walls, with tiled floors strewn with rushes. 
Fato yelped when a passing clown swiped at his tail feathers playfully. “That is an insult!” He cried, turning around towards the clown.
“Let it go, Fato.” Basha insisted as a gong sounded, startling them all before they hurried to take their seats with the rest of the guests.
“Ladies and gentlemen, let the feasting begin!” Lord Fobata shouted after a few minutes, arising from his seat at the far end of the hall and bowing his head before the servants stepped forward from the arcade and spread throughout the hall, dispensing the first course already in their hands. The jugglers came first, followed by the musicians, and then the acrobats walked about the hall on stilt pants before jumping down, leaping and tumbling on the floor. They built themselves up into a pyramid as course after course was served.
“I’m full,” Basha whispered, patting his stomach in contentment.
“Well, you should not have tried the quiche, then,” Fato muttered, chomping down on swan meat.
“For such a small bird, you sure have a large stomach.” Oaka remarked on the other side.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Fato asked, glaring up at Oaka.
Basha glanced up as well, and noticed a woman walking through the arcade. He gulped. “I thought I saw…” He said, turning his head as he tried to follow her passage through the passageway.
“What?” Monika asked, looking up at him as well.
“That woman was Nisa.” He said, standing up. “She was a woman who was slightly older than me in town, not really extraordinary, though I have thought I saw her…” The night the rats had chased him through Mila Forest, he wanted to say.
“Helllooo!” said a voice Basha did not recognize, though as he turned to face the white-haired man, with traces of red and black in his hair, standing before him, a bard holding a guitar, he recognized him. “I have seen you somewhere before, have I not?” The bard asked.
“Have I seen you somewhere before?” Fato parroted back, causing the bard to laugh.
“‘The wise fool, best among men, He walked along the road and sang, Til-dee-um-bum...’” Basha heard the song playing in his head. “Paracleus?” Basha asked.
“Paracleus, what a strange name.” Fato said, shaking his head.
“That’s it!” Paracleus cried, turning around to strum his guitar and face the crowd. “Ladies and gentlemen, I stand before you all here today to introduce to you a sweet young man I first met several months ago in the sleepy village of Coe Baba. He sat before me, all forlorn and lonesome, ‘woe is me’-ing over a pretty young girl (one assumes) who had not come to see him on his birthday, which should have been a most joyful occasion.” The bard said, as every eyeball in the hall turned on Basha and started laughing. 
Basha sank in his seat, as Fato laughed and Oaka tried to contain his shock. “Ladies and gentlemen, I ask him, is this young woman sitting next to him now,” The bard indicated Monika, “the young woman that he loved then?” Paracleus asked, turning on Basha.
“Uh...no,” Basha said, blushing as he tried to speak in as low a voice as possible.
“What was that?” Paracleus asked, strumming his guitar. “I can’t hear you!” He and almost every other voice in that hall cried then.
“I said no!” Basha cried as Monika thumped her head down in embarrassment.
“That’s it!” Paracleus cried, and danced off, strumming his guitar. “‘Too-loo, Too-ra, Too-ray,” He sang, spinning about, “‘I dance in the hall of the lords today,’ mm-hmm,” He sang to the ladies watching him. “‘Too-loo, Too-ra, Too-ray, I sing of the rain on the sunny plains.’” He mimed as he skipped along. “‘Where will I be tomorrow? Oh, I care not a wig, not a fig,’ uh-huh,” He sang as he turned around, “‘Though I have great stress,’” He jumped up backwards so that his bottom landed on top of a table, and groaned as he crossed his legs. “‘Though I am under duress,’” He griped as he pulled out a fork from underneath his bottom, which caused everyone else to laugh, “‘Still I am glad to say that I am a bard!’” He cried, finishing off his song as he flung himself backwards to lie spread-eagle on top of the table, his hands and back scattering plates, bowls, and cups everywhere. 
Almost everybody clapped and laughed in astonishment after a moment’s silence, everybody, that is, except for Basha, Oaka, and Monika, who were lowering their heads slightly so as not to be recognized in the crowd. Fato didn’t help them, though, as he was one of the loudest guffawers who was even attracting attention. The bard got up, and bowed to the assembled crowd, apologizing for the meals he had destroyed. But Basha thought that he had noticed something, as the bard was jumping off of the table…something red, and flicking out from the bard’s bottom just before the man pulled up his tights slightly. Basha forgot all about Nisa as he wondered if he was seeing things.
“Paracleus!” Basha called as he stood up, and went after the bard.
“Oh, what is it, what do you want?” Paracleus said, as he turned around and faced Basha in the corridor outside of the dining hall. “Is it to complain about my tomfoolery? Well, I’m sorry, but if you want to avoid becoming the butt of any joke for a desperate bard who is looking to generate some laughs with his audience, then don’t mope!” He cried.
“I just wanted to ask you…who is Jobe?” Basha managed to say. Actually, he was going to ask about that flash of red he had seen underneath the bard’s tights, but then he had recalled that Paracleus was the one who had called him a ‘dreary, nasally Jobe’, same as the name of Jona’s son.
Paracleus sighed and shook his head. “Jobe is a poor bard’s son who doesn’t know what it means to be a bard, just like his father, and that is why he was the butt of my joke about you.” Paracleus patted Basha on the shoulder. “Now go back in there and eat, be with your girl! I am going to leave here early tomorrow morning anyway, and so you don’t have to worry about seeing me ever again! People will soon forget about what I have just said, and you can rest assured, the joking will soon turn around against them one of these days.”
Basha frowned. “Monika is not my girl, she is just my friend! I still love the girl back in Coe Baba, the one you heard about, and I intend to marry her as soon as I complete my quest.” 
“A quest, is it? Oh, how noble of you, how magnanimous!” Paracleus snorted. “Oh, that certainly does sound fabulous, what a remarkable thing you are doing! Maybe you will become famous, eh, and the minstrels will sing all about you and your exploits! The minstrels certainly do like to boast about that sort of thing all of the time, they cannot get enough of heroes and heroics. Makes a great big wind for them to blow about, and they certainly do blow hard. Maybe that girl in Coe Baba will finally look up to you, eh?” Paracleus smiled.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” Basha said, glaring down at the ground.
“Of course you don’t, poor pretty boy.” Paracleus simpered.
“In any case, I wanted to clarify that with you, and tell you that I think I met Jobe’s mother Jona in Coe Anji. She said that I reminded her of her son.” Basha said.
Paracleus snorted again and said, “Yes, I met both Jobe and his mother Jona in Coe Anji, and I wouldn’t boast about being compared with Jobe. Just get back to the feast, boy.”
Basha glared at the bard, wishing that he could think of a witty repartee to lash back at him, but then he turned around, and decided to follow Paracleus’s suggestion, as he couldn’t think of anything better to do at the moment. He may have been slightly drunk by this point. 
Paracleus shook his head and laughed as he returned to his quarters, getting ready to leave. Wherever he went, he was always leaving, never able to settle down for very long. It had always been that way, ever since he had lost his home a long time ago.

“I cannot believe that the captain of the guards would want to borrow a scribe like me in the first place,” Hava grumbled to himself as he picked at his food while Marlo the steward sat across from him, drinking wine. “That man doesn’t need a secretary--his duties do not require a lot of paperwork. I think he just needs someone to yell at on a regular basis, and take notes whenever he feels like complaining. And he does complain. That man has an enormous ego the size of--he’s not here right behind me, is he?” Hava asked, looking around behind him nervously.
“No, Goga is too far away to hear what you are saying, relax.” Marlo said, shaking his head. “I understand your frustration, I do, working with a disagreeable man. When I was 18, I still had high hopes of leaving Coe Aela. It was worse in those days. I thought that if I refined and dedicated myself to working hard, I could be transferred--as a butler--to a higher household. However, I am satisfied now with the honorable post of Coe Aela’s steward. Fobata is not so bad, compared to his father.” He remarked.
“I came here to serve a Duke.” Hava insisted. “I did not come here to serve Goga.” He sighed, and laid back in his seat. “Hopefully, His Grace will tell Captain Goga that he has no right to borrow me, and he will put me back in with the rest of the scribes.”
“Don’t hold your breath.” Marlo muttered. “If Captain Goga had been a regular captain of the guards, Fobata wouldn’t have allowed it. However, Captain Goga is not a regular captain of the guards, and Fobata has to be wary of keeping good relations with the man.” 
“What do you mean?” Hava asked.
“It is nothing,” Marlo said dismissively. “Besides, our lord doesn’t have the luxury of noticing little things like yourself. Right now, he’s distracted over worry about the group that arrived today. They’re all young, yet they’re all supposed to be…troublesome.” Marlo muttered the last to himself.
“Troublesome in what way?” Hava asked.
“I’m not allowed to tell you that.” Marlo snapped. 
“I just want to know!” Hava cried defensively.
“You ask too many questions.” Marlo said, and sighed. “I mean, it’s just two boys, a girl, and a falcon. I even questioned the girl Gnat after she brought them to this hall from their rooms, and she told me that they were all harmless. Yet none of us, especially Fobata, can take that for granted. Fobata wants to know more about them, and so I’m supposed to be spying on them.” Marlo grunted. “Yet I cannot because I have too much work to do. How am I supposed to be spying on them if I must take care of the whole household? I must have someone else do it, but there are so few people I can trust.” 
Hava nodded and reached for his glass of wine, but then he spotted…“Janus!” He cried to a brown-haired man in his mid-twenties, and turned to the steward. “Marlo, I want you to meet a friend of mine, Janus, a good fellow.”
 As Janus approached from the far end of the table where he had been clearing off silverware and plates, Marlo frowned, wondering how long the man had been working down there. Still, if Hava trusted him, perhaps it did not matter that the man might have overheard their conversation. They did not really talk about much.
Janus stopped just beside Marlo and bobbed his head at the steward, smiling as he waited for his superior to speak. “So, your name is Janus…it is a unique name, is it not?” Marlo asked, appraising the other man.
 “Yes, but I cannot help it.” Janus shrugged. “It was given to me, and so I shall use it as necessary. However, I thought you knew every servant in the castle.” His eyes gleamed.
Marlo frowned and cleared his throat. “It is difficult to keep names and faces straight in my memory. I do recall, however, that you are fairly new around here.” Janus seemed to act unabashedly honest, frank, and humble, yet he could be a disingenuous man whose smile was more of a smirk. Marlo had to be a good judge of character when it came to his work, and he did not recall hiring Janus. It must have been one of the lower butlers who had hired this man, for Marlo never would have.
“So am I, Marlo, but that did not stop you from befriending me.” Hava remarked, pointing at Janus. “This man has treated me likewise. He works well enough without protest, and he deserves kindness. Perhaps if you give him that assignment that has been troubling you, he will not fail you.” Hava winked.
Marlo studied Janus again. “Will you work for me without question, and do what I ask of you?” He asked, deciding to take a chance. Perhaps Hava was right, and he was being too harsh on Janus. However, if Hava was wrong...perhaps it might be worth the risk to find out the truth about Janus.
Janus smiled. “I swear it upon my name.” He said.
Marlo gave Janus his assignment, as a young woman dressed in servant’s clothes stood beside the masonry columns of the arcade, watching them. Meanwhile, the entertainment had finished and everyone was dismissed from the grand banquet hall as Basha and his group got up, and wearily followed another servant back to their rooms. Basha fell asleep that night, dreaming of squid eyes and dancing pigs splattered with blood. 

This time, Iibala rode a horse into town, as she had learned her lesson from this morning. It was late at night, not quite midnight but close, and it had been a long day for her. She had spent most of it taking care of her father, who was incoherent when awake, but still it seemed as if he had recovered and would continue to recover from the wolves’ attack, probably Black Wolves if her notion was correct. Now that he was asleep for good, she had decided to seek out some information from the one or two people who had been aware of everything that had been going on with Basha from the start.
She dismounted her horse and tied it to a post outside one of the buildings in town, and then set off down the path into the forest towards the Old Man’s hut. She did not know quite what she might find there, as it had been years since she had gone down this path and seen the Old Man face-to-face, and that had been for story-time at the fireside outside of his hut. She had never gone inside of his hut, had never even gotten right up close to it, as no one else did. But now she was considering going right up to knock on his door, or to sneak around, and check if he was awake or asleep. She had no real plan in mind, just to confront him with what she knew and what had just happened with her father. She wanted to ask him what his deal was, following Basha around, what sort of secrets he had kept from them for all these years, and what kind of danger Basha was in now. That was the gist of it, and she hoped that she might get some answers out of the Old Man, doubtful though it might be that he would be so obliging.
She slowed down as she got closer to the hut, and edged towards the shadows beneath the trees, as she did not want to alert the Old Man to her presence just yet. She wanted to startle the Old Man before he startled her, let him be discomfited and stunned for once in his long life.
The shutters of the window by the door were cracked open, and Iibala peered in through the crack at the dark interior, and spotted what she thought was the Old Man’s sleeping form on his cot across the room. She decided to try going in through the window, another chance to frighten him a lot. Nervously, she pried open the shutters as best she could so that they wouldn’t squeak much, and then had to lift herself up onto the windowsill, and squeeze through the opening. She nearly fell over his table, located next to the window, when she jumped down inside, but she managed to miss the table and land on the floor instead.
Iibala grinned, proud of herself for being so bold and cunning, and started to creep towards the Old Man, hoping to wake him up with a frightful scream or a violent shake, when the shutters banged shut. Iibala spun round, wondering if the wind would do her job for her, when suddenly the pages of a book left on the desk started to curl at the corners, and then flip over on their own. What a wind, she thought, to be so strong, and yet she did not feel the breeze passing through the room, just the shivering of her spine. A glow seemed to fill the room then like a star bursting open, and even though the lighting was wrong, too bright and too pure and too large, she spun round then, almost hoping that it was the Old Man lighting a candle to confront the trespasser in his hut. 
Instead, a shimmering hole was before her now, and as she looked, a figure strode through the hole, and entered the hut before the light faded to a dim flicker. Iibala, who had been blinded by the light, now was able to see a little bit more clearly, and the woman with ash-blond hair frayed at the tips and clinging to her scalp swung about to face her, thin lips pursed in a determined frown with straight, rounded nostrils flaring.
And the woman was completely see-through to Iibala, who could sense nothing but death now in this room.
“Who are you?” Iibala asked the woman, stumbling back, “What are you?”
“I am a ghost, a spirit.” The female spirit said to Iibala, striding towards her, or at least seeming to. “My name was Kala, and you are trespassing…”
“Kala? Basha’s mother?” Iibala gasped.
“How do you know my son?” Kala stopped.
“I sort of dated him for awhile a few years ago.” Iibala said, her head still reeling from the prospect of talking to…
“Iibala...” Kala said, circling around her, peering at the young woman. “Yes, I remember now that you have dated him. The Old Man did mention you to me when he was concerned about Basha’s well-being then, but I told him that you seemed safe enough. I knew that you would not be able to keep Basha long. He would leave you, once you had betrayed him.”
Iibala frowned, and shook her head. “That was a mistake.” She said. “I’m sorry I betrayed him, I thought he was just a boy.”
“What are you doing here?” Both Iibala and Kala asked each other at the same time. They stopped, and stared at each other.
“I am here now because the Old Man summons me on occasion.” Kala said. “I step across now much easier than I did the first time that I tried, the night after I had died. I can now step across without any help from anyone.”
“That is…” Iibala started to say, finding it strange now to be talking to a dead person crossing over between the worlds of the living and the dead. No one was supposed to be able to do that! “You mean you’ve been crossing over since just after Basha’s birth?” Iibala asked, scrunching up her eyes to stare at Kala. “Then that means…why do you do that?” She asked. “Is this because of…is this why the Old Man watches out for Basha?”
“It is.” Kala said, staring at Iibala. “I watch over the Old Man now that he is watching out for Basha, and what are you doing here?” Kala asked again.
“I am here to ask the Old Man some questions,” Iibala said, “Specifically related as to why the Old Man is keeping such a close eye on Basha. I believe I might know, or at least my father Sir Nickleby suspected that…tell me, is it true that Basha is the tiger?”
Kala recoiled, appalled by Iibala’s words. “Why? Why here, why now?”
“Because my father nearly died! He was attacked by--I believe Black Wolves. He’s safe now, back home, but I want to know why, and if it is all worth it!” Iibala cried.
“It is, Iibala. Never doubt that.” Kala said, still staring at Iibala. “I will tell you the truth. The truth that you want to hear, and the truth that you don’t want to hear, what you cannot imagine. This is my story.” 
Kala floated down, and spoke to Iibala for well over an hour. As Iibala listened, eyes widening, the Old Man pretended to sleep, having been disturbed by Iibala’s and Kala’s arrivals. He knew that it all had to be said. Iibala needed to know so that she could stop trying to cause trouble with them, and Kala needed to speak, to let loose some of her secrets to another person so that she could return to her rest undisturbed. Iibala would keep the secret. The Old Man hoped that, with Nisa gone, perhaps Iibala might take her place. With what he still had to do to make certain things turned out all right, he hoped that Iibala would be able to help.
Iibala returned home, both satisfied with what Kala had to say, and bewildered enough not to ask any more questions for now. When Sisila came to visit Iibala the next day, and Mirari arrived to take care of Sir Nickleby, Iibala finally decided it was time, and sat down with Sisila in the parlor. Tea service and cakes were laid out before them on the table as Iibala told Sisila what she knew or guessed of Basha’s fate. Mirari had shut the door to Sir Nickleby’s room, and so didn’t hear.
Sisila listened anxiously, and then was silent for a moment before she laid down her tea cup and plate on the table, got up, and went outside. Iibala watched her go, a little worried, and then when she heard a scream of pain and agony, she ran outside to comfort Sisila. She should have been more careful, and not so careless with Sisila’s feelings. She hoped things would turn out all right.
“What is going on here?” Mirari asked, rushing outside to see what was the matter.
“I told her the truth.” Iibala grimaced, glancing down at Sisila with her arms wrapped around her. “Now please help me.” Iibala said. With Mirari’s assistance, they brought Sisila back inside into the parlor. As Sisila wept on the couch, Iibala and Mirari stepped off to the side.
The healer shook her head. “I don’t understand this mess, but I’m half inclined to walk out of here,” She muttered. She was almost afraid of what power and authority Iibala wielded here, how she was able to reduce Sisila to tears.
“No, please don’t go, Mirari.” Iibala said. “We need you.”
“Why should I stay? Why should I help you?” Mirari asked.
“I didn’t want to do this,” Iibala said, looking down, “But I might be inclined to talk about your healing abilities.” She glanced up at Mirari.
“No one would believe you.” Mirari said, staring back at her.
“They might,” Iibala said, glancing up even further, “Especially if I were to show capabilities of my own that would prove that I knew what I was talking about.”
“You would condemn yourself along with me?” Mirari asked, gasping.
“I would do that, unless you help me. Sisila and my father need your help as well. You’re a healer, are you not? Is that not what you are supposed to do?”
“I will help your father, of course, but what about you and Sisila? What do you two need help with?”
“Magic.” Iibala whispered, and Mirari recoiled at the mere mention of the word. “We need you to teach us how to use it.” Iibala continued.
“Use it? Whatever for? I am not a teacher, I am…” Mirari started to say.
“I know, I know, but any help you can give us will be most appreciated. We are inexperienced and rudderless. Sisila has barely any knowledge at all of what talent she possesses, and I am able to sense certain things, but I cannot control my power. You will help us, won’t you? Otherwise we will be forced to fend for ourselves, to control and constrain our powers, and others might suffer for it. Magic can be dangerous, to both the person who wields it and those around them.”
“All right, I will try to teach you all what little I know, to keep you both safe and protect others around you. But I expect a higher fee, Iibala, the one that we’ve negotiated for your father’s treatment won’t cover this activity.”
“That’s fine, I expect that.” Iibala said.
“I also want you to have a talk with Sisila about these lessons beforehand, to get her prepared for what she is about to face, but not right now.” Mirari urged. “Let her have a rest, recover from the shock. You’ve done enough damage with whatever you’ve said to her.” She glared at the girl. “I am leaving town anyway for a couple of days, to patrol the surrounding area and see if anyone else needs my help right now. Your father is not going to be my only patient while I am here. I am going to earn more money and save lives.” 
“I understand that as well,” Iibala said, slowly nodding, though she was disappointed. She had hoped to get started as soon as possible in learning magic, but it seemed that magic would have to wait for another day.

Brigga hummed softly to herself as she took out a basket full of washed linen and clothes to hang out on the line and dry, but then she paused in the middle of the stableyard, and glanced back towards the inn, up towards a corner of the roofline. “Hello, Old Man.” She whispered softly to herself.
The Old Man jumped down onto the ground, and raised himself up to face and approach her. “Hello, Brigga. It has been awhile since we last spoke. How are you faring?”
“I am doing fairly well, considering the circumstances that I have had to put up with working at the inn.” She sighed to herself as she started to hang up clothes. “I have been trying to ingratiate myself here, even going so far as to have an affair with Smidge,” She cleared her throat for a moment.
“Smidge? Why Smidge?” The Old Man asked, stiffening slightly.
Brigga looked up at him and said, “Because, Old Man, I fear that you have to watch out for him. You have suspected him of being a Follower in the past, have you not?”
“Once or twice, but I never found out anything definite.” The Old Man said, though his tone didn’t sound very reassuring.
“Nor have I, but I had to try, in the best possible way that I could think of, not that I could think of very much beyond the obvious,” Brigga shuddered to herself, “Unpleasant as it was, so that I could understand him better.”
“Oh, Brigga…” He almost reached out for her.
“I don’t think I would make a very good spy,” She remarked to herself, as the Old Man looked away from her, “For all of the nasty things that I had to do, and would have to do, to find out the truth. There are so many hidden corners in the human mind, and whenever I tried to penetrate Smidge’s secrets, I always hit a wall of some kind as he blocked me off. I could never get close enough to him.”
“Perhaps it’s for the best, Brigga.” The Old Man remarked, turning back to her. “You don’t want to get too close to him, especially if he proves to be a Follower of Doomba. I fear for you, your safety if Smidge finds out your true purpose.” He added. “You should not have done this without talking to me first.”
“Don’t worry about me, Old Man.” She smiled. “He got kicked out of the inn last night, fired or fried, literally. He quit working at the inn so that he wouldn’t get caught and arrested.” Brigga then grew somber. “He won’t be bothering me anymore.”
“What happened?” The Old Man asked.
“Habala caught us in the storeroom last night,” Brigga cleared her throat again, “I was trying to be accommodating with Smidge, to find out more about him, although I didn’t want to go beyond what that called for. We were…kissing, for the most part, but she knew that something else was going on here, that I didn’t want to be there.”
The Old Man finally laid a hand on her shoulder and she gripped it tightly. “She threatened Smidge, even hurled some fire at him, and he left, though it was dangerous for her. I fear for Habala, Old Man, interceding as she did.” She said, pausing in her chore. “Smidge must be ver angry with her. In any case, Habala accused me of spying on them, just as Nisa had done, trying to keep an eye on Basha and Oaka.” She continued on with her chore. “I didn’t know that she knew what Nisa was up to for all of these years.” 
“Ah, yes, I think she found out soon after Basha returned from running away into the forest, about eight years ago,” The Old Man said, “When our daughter saved Basha from the rats.”
“Habala told me as much.” Brigga said. “She suspected what was going on, with what little Basha had to tell her about his nightmares of burning rats, and then she questioned our daughter. I don’t know if Habala knew precisely what was going on for all of these years, but now she knows for sure. I confirmed it.” She paused again. “I know I should have kept quiet, I know I should have denied it, but I was so stunned by what she knew, that I confirmed it. See? I wouldn’t make a very good spy.” Brigga said, continuing again, “I can’t deny anything for very long.”
“That’s a pickle.” The Old Man said. “Can we trust Habala to keep our secrets?”
“I suppose so, because she kept quiet about Nisa spying on her boys for all of these years, although I bet that was mostly because she hoped that Nisa would protect her boys whenever she wasn’t around.” Brigga remarked. “And Nisa has done that fairly well for all of these years, but now that the boys are gone, I fear that Habala might doubt us and our motivations even more, probably with good reason.” Brigga sighed and stopped hanging up laundry. “I am still being pushed to the edge of this world.” She said, indicating the inn. “Habala doesn’t believe me.”
“What do you mean? What else happened?” The Old Man asked.
“I told her what I suspected about Smidge.” Brigga said and then, seeing the look on the Old Man’s face, added, “I couldn’t help it, Habala has to know. But Habala doesn’t want to believe me, she doesn’t want to believe that Geda’s brother, whom she has known for most of her lifetime now, is a Follower of Doomba. And I think she is a little paranoid about it. If Smidge is a Follower of Doomba, if he, out of anyone, could be a Follower of Doomba, then what about Geda, Smidge’s brother? Of course, Geda isn’t, only Smidge is, but she doesn’t want to let such doubts and fears infest her mind.” Brigga said, bending down to pick up more laundry, and then she asked, “Geda isn’t, is he?” 
“No, not Geda,” The Old Man confirmed, and he sounded absolutely confident in that. “It was Smidge’s choice, if he chose to become a Follower of Doomba. Geda never fell in with such a bad crowd like Smidge did.” The Old Man sighed. “I should not have trusted Smidge. I should have realized that, out of all the people here, he had some of the strongest motivations to become a Follower of Doomba. Perhaps I should deal with him before it is too late, make sure that he doesn’t harm anyone anymore.”
“What can you do?” Brigga asked him.
“I could try capturing and imprisoning him, keeping him out of the way as I question him about his actions, but his absence would be noticed by his family and the townspeople. They would search for him, seeking answers. Eventually I would have to deal with the matter even further, to handle Smidge and maybe even stave off the townspeople’s attention, but do I have that right when it comes to Smidge?” The Old Man hesitated. “I don’t know how guilty Smidge is, the extent of his crimes. I know about some of his activities and I have guessed at others, but I don’t know if he is guilty enough to deserve an execution, which might happen if he is left to me.”
Brigga stared at the Old Man. “You really would do that?” She asked.
“I have done such things before to other Followers of Doomba. And so has Nisa.”
Brigga grimaced and looked down. “I had not thought…actually, I have wondered, but I had not thought...Old Man, are you certain about the veracity, the rightness of your actions? And involving Nisa in them?”
“I know. Usually I am certain and usually I try not to involve Nisa in the worst, but sometimes I cannot control what happens. Smidge’s case is not as clear-cut as others have been. He might be guilty enough to remain imprisoned for a long time, possibly the rest of his life, but I don’t know if I can keep him for the rest of his life.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t do this.” Brigga said. “Leave Smidge alone for now until you are certain about his guilt and his crimes.”
“But what if he does do something horrible, even worse than what he has done to you or anyone else?” The Old Man asked.
“Then you can handle him without any remorse, but for now, I think you should let him be. Keep your eye on him and make sure that he doesn’t do any harm, but otherwise, let him go.”
“All right. I suppose that is the best we can do for now, much as I hate…wait a minute. Brigga, could you go to the constable and report that Smidge tried to molest you?” He asked.
“I can’t do that.” Brigga said. “I thought about it, but I fear that if I report on Smidge, there will be too many questions about what I was doing with him, why I chose to be with Smidge in the first place if I did not really want to be there. They might uncover my purpose and your purpose as well. Can we really convince them that Smidge is a Follower of Doomba and that we are innocent of trying to frame him? Because if we can’t, then Smidge goes free and we are in trouble.”
“I suppose you are right about that as well.” The Old Man grimaced.
“Personally, I worry about Habala.” Brigga murmured, straightening up again with a sheet of bed linen stretched out between her hands, and she sighed. “She is in the middle of all this.” She hung up the sheet. “Habala was my best friend when we were growing up together here in Coe Baba. She was always so nice to me, and we got along well together, but then things changed, we changed, and we split apart to live our separate lives.” She twined part of the sheet to the line, to stop it from blowing away with the wind. “I never really got to know her better again, and I never got her to understand why I did what I did with you and Nisa being born out of it.” Brigga paused again, and the Old Man glanced up at her. 
“What is it?” He asked.
“I thought that she would know that what I did was for the best for me,” Brigga said, smiling to herself as she thought about her former lover and their child. “But she was so confused with her own life, as was I, and we split apart because we could not reconcile the differences between us anymore.” She did not look back at the Old Man. “We had to live like this, and we would do so much better apart. I wish it wasn’t like this, but it was, and so we remained like this for years, but now circumstances have forced me to come back into her life, and she doesn’t like it one bit. I’m just as hesitant about this as well, considering what she has done, but I hope that, one day, she will come to see me in a better light and I will see her, too. I hope that we can be friends again.” Brigga whispered.
“I hope so too,” The Old Man said, both of them not just talking about Habala and Brigga anymore. He glanced up at the roof of the Smiling Stallion inn. “Well, I had better be off.” He murmured.
“Take care of yourself.” Brigga said, still not looking back at him.
“You know that I will. Take care of yourself,” He added back to her, and then left. Brigga continued to hang up the washed laundry, and then left, heading back into the inn as she wiped away some drying tears.
Chapter 10: Harmless
I am not as bold and as brave as you think I am,
I am just an ordinary man. But even ordinary men
Have their moments of glory, true. Bravery is just a
Matter of doing what you think you cannot do.
--Song of Bravery, Urso

Gnat ran into the forest, dodging trees as her feet slipped over dirt and twigs and jumped over underbrush until she reached the edge of a pool. She wanted to run away and escape everything she had heard today, but she could not, not when it might look suspicious. 
She clambered over rocks to reach the other side, where a waterfall dribbled down the face of an outcrop. Besides, she had nowhere else to go and no one else to depend upon when she might be alone. 
She slid herself inside through a cave mouth hidden behind the waterfall. At least here in Coe Aela she had some company, even if they were all miserable like her, and had their own worries. She slowly lowered herself down, step by step, inch by inch, nearly slipping when the cave was slick with the spray that sometimes dripped down the hole. No one cared for her here as much as they might care for their own children. She got down onto the floor, and walked towards the shape rising up from beneath the surface. She had no parents to call her own.
She bowed her head. “I don’t know what to do,” She said, whispering when she felt like she should always keep her voice low here. She felt safe down here, but it was a sacred place. “Oh, I don’t usually stick my neck out for other people, you hear me, because I know I’m always going to get into trouble eventually.” She paced around, still thinking. “But I don’t want to see them die. I don’t want to see me die either, but I know I will escape. I always escape, but not without a bit of pain.” She paused. “I am Gnat. They call me a tiny little bug they cannot destroy, but I cannot control everything.” 
She whispered, even lower than before, “I can slip in and out, find my way around anything, maybe because I am small and insignificant. But I cannot say the same for others. They are the ones who will be killed, for being important and significant in some way. I do not know why. Maybe they made someone angry, or maybe they are being prevented from doing something important.” 
She stopped and shook her head, realizing it was ridiculous as she turned to the figure to ask, “Do you even understand what I am trying to say? Do you understand?” She asked and reached out, longing to touch it, but then she turned away. “No, I shouldn’t. You don’t understand me, anyway, and certainly no one else here does. The problem here is that nobody listens, or pays any attention, to me, except for…well, it means trouble for me when they do, but then I have nobody else to talk to. No one else listens to me, and then…no, no, thank you. I will not stir, or cause any more trouble to fall upon me, but I have to help them, don’t I?” She asked the figure. 
“These others, they probably have a future, a destiny to protect, and Goga and Fobata here are trying to stop that from happening. I suppose I have to help them because it is the right thing to do, if they need me to survive, if they need me to help make things better. I would have murdered them if I didn’t help, and I don’t want to harm anyone like I’ve been hurt. They seem nice, Basha and the girl especially…” She sighed. “Thank you for listening to me, but I have to go back. They are probably looking for me, looking to assign me another task to do. But thank you anyway for being here, and thank you for everything,” She said, turning away. She still had a lot to do, but it was a start. She walked back, and clambered up towards sunlight, leaving the figure for darkness and the water that dripped down the rock wall.

After eating breakfast in the grand banquet hall, which was calmer this morning than last night, the group separated for different pursuits with Basha heading out to the stables to check on the horses and his Coe Anji sword. He was obsessed with it, he had to admit that, afraid almost of what would happen to him if somebody else got their hands on it. He did not want to lose it. He thought this sword belonged to him now, after all he had bound it to him or something like that, and the power was incredible. He had experienced the sensation of having all of his senses enhanced, and the skills he had exhibited were not entirely his own. 
The sword had controlled him, and yet he knew how to handle it. That was the scary part. He had been in tune with what it was doing to him, he had sensed what was coming up next, and he had anticipated the moves, drawing from the source of his power, the sword and himself. The capacity for what he had done had been inside himself as well as within the sword. He had done that, he had nearly murdered those men. He had let himself be controlled by the sword. He had accepted it. If somebody else got the sword, got its powers, what would happen to him? Would he be the same person? Would the other person be worse than him? Or better?
Basha shuddered, petting Talan and glancing at the saddle in the corner of his stall, where his Coe Anji sword was still attached--that was another problem, the name ‘Coe Anji’ sword. There had to be another name for it--he heard dogs barking not so far away from here, and remembered the kennel he had passed by on his way to the stables. Somebody was coming, or passing by close to here.
He lifted his head, and saw Gnat coming into the stables. “Basha?” She called.
“Over here, Gnat!” He cried, waving his hand so that she could spot him amidst the stalls.
Gnat hurried over. “Basha, thank goodness. Are we alone here?” She asked, almost in a whisper as she glanced around.
Basha frowned and shrugged. “I don’t know, I assume so. I haven’t heard anyone else in here beside the horses.”
“That doesn’t mean there isn’t anybody,” Gnat whispered, going from one stall to the next to check, and examine the corners. Basha, meanwhile, finished grooming Talan and exited the stall, watching Gnat’s paranoid activity with bemusement and curiosity, remembering how paranoid Jawen used to get as well when he was dating her.
“What are you doing?” He asked her.
Gnat turned around and approached him. “Please don’t be upset. I think there is a good reason why you and all of your friends should be careful.” She told him. “I don’t know what it is quite yet, when I have only heard a little of the conversation, but I think you should be prepared to leave, you and all of your friends.”
Basha’s frown deepened. “What do you mean?”
“Please don’t be upset,” She repeated, “But we don’t have much time. Don’t try to leave by the gate just yet, there are other ways out of Coe Aela that are much safer, hidden. I have to plan how best to get you all out of here.” She said, glancing at his horse. “It’s going to be dangerous, and we have to be careful not to attract attention to ourselves, so...I don’t know how it’s going to play out.” She said.
“Is this a game?” He asked hesitantly, almost ready to leave.
“Don’t--it’s not a game, it’s real.” She told him. “Fobata is a Follower of Doomba.” She whispered.
Basha stopped. “What?” He asked.
“Fobata is a Follower of Doomba, and so is Goga, and they’ve got you all trapped in here,” She whispered. “Until they decide what to do with you all. They don’t know for certain that you all are the travelers they have been warned about, but--you have got to get out of here before they decide.” She whispered.
“Are you--sure...” Basha whispered.
“Listen to me, please.” Gnat said, almost in tears. “I took a risk telling you this, and--I’m not important, I’m just a bug around here, and--I have to make you believe this. It’s not important what happens to me, just--get out of here.” She whispered, running away from him.
He could not believe this, he shook his head, trying to reassure himself, he could not believe this. It was just--yesterday, when he and the others had arrived in Coe Aela, there had been a cool reception with weapons withdrawn, and he had the distinct impression that Fobata was not entirely sincere in his welcome, but that had just been the circumstances of the meeting with the Black Wolves involved. However, Gnat had acted frightened just now, and she had believed what she was saying, he was fairly certain of that, although she could be mistaken about what she had seen or heard--he wished that she had stayed so that he could ask her more. Perhaps it was a misunderstanding, or--he was trying to make excuses again. 
Black Wolves, a gruelmoff, crows, possibly giant rats, and now--Followers of Doomba. He shook his head and turned back to Talan’s stall, staring at the saddle in the corner where his Coe Anji sword in its sheath was attached. He wanted the sword...no, he did not need the sword. He marched out of the stables, wishing he could go back and fetch it, although that would look suspicious, walking around with a weapon in a place where they were supposedly safe. He was starting to think like Gnat. He needed to go talk to his friends, hear what they would have to say about Gnat’s warnings. Where were they?
He stood in the front bailey, glancing around at the various buildings; the keep or castle, the wall surrounding them, with the guards parading around up top like they wanted to be seen by those trapped inside, the guardhouse, the smithy, the kennels, a kitchen and the stables...what about the rest? He glanced towards the sides of the castle. One area, the eastern bailey he supposed, appeared to be neatly organized, with orchards and gardens, while the western bailey was more overgrown, possibly abandoned. 
He assumed his friends would not want to stay inside the keep all day long, as it was a nice day outside and the castle interiors were forbidding enough, so they must have gone outside. He headed for the eastern bailey, deciding to look for them there. But when he did not find them amidst those orchards and gardens, he headed for the back bailey, which turned out to be more of a lawn that contained the barracks in the east, the jousting field, and the training yard at the western corner. He stood on the edge of the lawn, looking out towards the barracks, when someone pushed past him. Startled, he turned around, and stared at a guard.
“Sorry, I was just…” The guard started to say, and then stopped, staring at him. “Eh, are you…you know a young fellow, fairly tall, with dark hair?”
“Yes, I know him, how do you?”
“He just challenged Captain Goga to a duel.” The guard grinned and laughed, running off towards the front bailey through the orchard.
Basha gaped at his retreating back. How could Oaka do such a thing? He then ran off, towards the western corner of the back lawn, the training yard, as he assumed this man must have come from that direction if he had not seen him before. He passed through the jousting yard, and spotted Monika shooting off arrows with a crossbow at a target, perfect shots, before she turned to a couple of young fellows, perhaps the missing stable boys who had not been there when he and Gnat had met in the stables?
“Pay up,” She said to them when he ran up to her.
“Monika, I was…” He started to say, panting heavily as he glanced at the boys, wondering if they would…he decided not to share anything with her yet about what Gnat had said. “Oaka is going to challenge Goga to a duel, I just heard.”
“What?” Monika said, turning to him and dropping her crossbow onto the ground. “He wouldn’t.” She said.
“He would if he was trying to show off.” He remarked.
“We have to stop him,” She cried, running off in the direction he had just come from, east.
“The training yard is this way! Western corner!” He yelled, and then she stopped and turned around. 
“Sorry,” She muttered as she went past him, and then he followed after her. They went to the training yard, where a dozen men were already gathered, and more were on their way as word was spreading of the upcoming fight between one of the newcomers and Captain Goga. Oaka stood at the center of all this attention, holding a sword.
“Oaka!” Basha cried as he and Monika tried to nudge and butt their way forward.
Oaka turned around. “Basha!” Oaka gasped.
“What are you doing here?” Basha cried.
“I don’t know, I just…” Oaka gasped, and inhaled. “I just got into a contest with some of the guards, and then they challenged me to fight Goga, and how could I refuse?” He laughed desperately.
“Oaka…” Basha groaned as, in the distance, they saw Captain Goga approach with the man who had been sent after him. The guards whistled, clapped, and cheered as their captain waved a hand towards them. He swung his sword through the air with the other hand and crooned,
I sing of the wolf, chasing the lion,
Howling with blood on his fangs.
And now my sword eloquent will rest upon
The hunting heart, and cut off the mane…
The guards laughed and jeered at Oaka, before parting to let their captain onto the training yard. Oaka blanched as he comforted the middle-aged captain, who seemed so much older and more experienced, composed and nonchalant as if this was just old business for him, which it probably was. 
“Let’s get this over with,” The captain remarked to Oaka, then he stretched a little bit before he hunkered down on his side of the yard, ready to attack. Oaka quickly took his own stance, hoping that he was ready for this.
Basha, still thinking of what Gnat had told him, blanched and inhaled, trying to calm himself down as he hoped that…the fight started. Goga launched himself at Oaka, who defended himself admirably. 
Goga begrudgingly retreated a few steps as Oaka advanced, but quickly countered as Oaka was forced to duck. “Go-ga, Go-ga, Go-ga,” The guards chanted loudly and furiously, as Basha and Monika half-heartedly said, “O-a-ka, O-a-ka, O-a-ka,” in hopes that he could hear them, but it was doubtful. 
Goga was pressing on Oaka, who countered the moves as best he could while his steps retreated, but then he countered one move, ducked, and swung around, pressing on Goga now. Goga had the advantage, but he was losing it. Basha was impressed, Oaka had certainly improved, perhaps because of practice in the last week or so.
The guards were starting to bet, some of them siding with Oaka to win instead of Goga now, but Goga was tired of losing. Goga hacked as best he could, trying to find a weakness in Oaka’s defense as their swords crossed again and again. No fire, no fire, Oaka told himself, restraining his powers. Goga twisted low, aiming for Oaka’s legs, and then spun round, his sword meeting Oaka’s just as Oaka was trying to attack Goga’s head. Oaka’s sword went flying, and Oaka had the unpleasant sensation of staring down the length of Goga’s sword, pointed at his neck.
“That’s a fight,” Goga commented, wide-eyed and panting as he stared back down at Oaka. Everyone held their breaths.
“You are the winner.” Oaka said, trying to remain cool and calm, in spite of his fear and anger.
“And what have I won?” Goga asked, flinching slightly.
Oaka winced, but then he realized the sword had not pierced his neck  yet. “Um…the right to say that you are the best.” Oaka said slowly.
“That’s right.” Goga said, and then backed off as if he remembered something. “Like I have nothing better to do with my time than to fence some adolescent adversary who doesn’t know any better,” Captain Goga said, rolling his eyes. “I cannot believe this balnor.” He muttered, and then walked off.
The guards looked at each other, and grumbled, following Goga’s lead as Oaka, Basha, and Monika were left by themselves. Oaka flopped onto the ground, groaning on his knees as Basha and Monika slowly approached him.
“At least he spared your life,” Basha said, and then shuddered. It could have been worse.
Oaka shook his head. “He was toying with me.” He said. “He knew that he could take it. I never should have said…”
Basha patted Oaka on the shoulder. “There, there, it’s going to be all right,” He said, breathing a sigh of relief as he hoped this proved Gnat wrong. Goga had a chance to kill Oaka, so why didn’t he do it then?
Monika stared off into the distance, at the guards retreating. “There is something funny going on here.” She said.
“Not you, too,” Basha grimaced.
“What’s all of the commotion?” They heard Fato screech, and then looked up at the falcon flying down towards them.
“Fato, you just missed another fight!” Oaka cried, shaking his head. “I was nearly killed by Captain Goga!”
“Oh.” Fato said as he landed on Basha’s shoulder. “So what else is new?” Fato asked.
Oaka groaned as Basha said, “I had a…strange encounter with Gnat,” and proceeded to tell them what he had heard, even though he knew it might not be true. He just wanted to hear their reactions, and hoped that they might agree with him that there was nothing wrong and nothing to worry about.
Instead, they just stared at him. “Nothing to worry about?” Basha asked again.
“We need to talk with Gnat.” Oaka said, and the others immediately nodded.

Janus had been in the grand banquet hall an hour ago, cleaning up tables like he was doing last night, but as the group of travelers parted after breakfast, he paused a moment before trailing after them. He decided to follow the brown-haired young man, who was apparently the leader of the group as he had spoken to Lord Fobata yesterday morning after the Black Wolves had chased them into Coe Aela. The young man went straight to the stables, as Janus lagged behind, following a short distance away as he kept himself to the edges of the hallways as much as possible. Once outside, Janus crept along the keep’s walls towards the smithy, across the bailey from the stables. He watched the stables, planted firmly upon a barrel, and faintly heard the dogs’ barking in the kennels, turning his head just in time to see a slight figure, Gnat he assumed, dash into the stables.
He whistled softly to himself, and wondered what could drive her in there, when he heard…“Don’t move.” A woman whispered, standing right behind him with a knife-blade to his throat, or so it felt to him.
Janus paused. “A fine mess.” He said.
“What are you doing here?” The woman asked.
“The same as you, spying.” Janus said. They heard a screech in the distance and looked up at the wall to the silhouette of a falcon perched upon the parapet. It seemed to be staring at them before it flew away, chased off by one of the guards.
“Fato remembers me.” Janus said.
The woman paused now. “Who are you?” She asked.
“Janus is what they call me.” He said. “The name doesn’t matter.”
The woman frowned, he suspected. “Why do you talk like that?”
“I have no other way of talking, jokes are all I have got.” He said, smiling. “There is not much more to life than this.”
“Why do this?” She asked.
“I have nothing else to do. It is a way of earning trust.” He said.
“Why…Who…you are no ordinary servant.” She said.
“I suspect as much.” Janus said, smiling.
“Leave them alone.” The woman said. “They are not to be harmed.”
“I will try my best, but I cannot say the same for others,” Janus said, turning his head towards her slightly.  His eyes gleamed as he studied her facade. “I am helpless here. I must stay low.” He faced forward again. “I cannot help them anymore than I can be a clown here, my mission depends on it. Your mission calls for discretion as well, I imagine, and I believe that you will lose that discretion if you kill me. I will be noticed if I am missed, if my body is found here, and I imagine that you will be detained, along with others, if they decide to investigate what has happend to me. I am worthless to them except for what I have been charged to do. You will be safe here if you let me go.”
The other woman trembled, but finally she lowered her knife-blade slowly. “If you betray us, I will kill you.” She said.
“I do not expect anything less,” Janus said, still sitting on the barrel and facing straight ahead as he did not want to alarm her. When she began to back away, he asked, “By the way, what is your name?”
“Nisa.” She said.
“Nisa. Such a pretty name.” Janus grinned. In the distance, he saw Gnat run out of the stables, and by the time Basha came out, Nisa was gone. He remained where he was as Basha left the front bailey, thinking that he was not spotted, and then Fato flew down to land on his shoulders.
“Fato, you should not be here.” Janus said, glancing around to make sure that no one was watching him.
“What’s going on? What happened with that woman?” Fato asked, staring around.
Janus shook his head. “She’s with the group you’re traveling with, I imagine.”
“She’s not with my group!” Fato exclaimed.
“Quiet, Fato. She is, or at least she’s watching out for them.” Janus said. “Who are they?”
“They’re travelers, on a quest for Tau’s Cup.” Fato said. “And they’ve got Black Wolves, and who knows what else after them.”
“You should have told them to stay away from Coe Aela.” Janus said.
“You try telling them that!” Fato cried. “And I couldn’t expose myself to them, I’ve got secrets, you know.”
“Everybody has secrets,” Janus said, shaking his head. “Go back to your friends, tell them the truth for once. The brown-haired fellow just headed towards the back bailey a few minutes ago, just after Gnat left.”
“Basha. Gnat.” Fato said, staring up into the sky. “Is there still a gruelmoff around here?”
“I don’t know, I assume so.” Janus said. “Avoid the tower where it resides.”
Fato flew off to find Basha, after making sure that everything was clear. 
Janus sighed, it was a hectic day. He could not believe everything that had happened, and this group! He did not know who they were, what they were supposed to be doing, but they were causing quite a stir in Coe Aela. He thought they might be important, or it might be just a bunch of hoopla over nothing. He hoped that they would be okay, and that he would not get caught up in their wake. He had to make a speech to Marlo, what would he say to the steward about these newcomers?

“Harmless?” Fobata exclaimed, reading the report his steward had handed to him a few moments ago. “How can he…harmless?” He exclaimed, pacing back and forth.
“What is the matter with you, my lord?” Goga asked reluctantly, not wanting to get into details. He sat in the corner of the study he and Lord Fobata went to almost every other afternoon before dinner, currently drinking a bottle of wine by himself. Most afternoons Fobata and Goga would play a game of chess, or drink and talk about the daily affairs of Coe Aela, occasionally touching upon issues of national importance that might concern their duties to Doomba. 
Of course, today had been a little bit different, since this was the second time they had met in here today. Fobata quite liked the study, imaging himself to be a studious man who enjoyed reading all of these books, wrapped up in affairs of the contemplative mind beyond the realms of mortal, flesh-and-blood men. But Goga was rather indifferent to the place, never having been a book reader and unable to imagine what sort of joy Fobata might get out of them. 
He only attended the meetings with Fobata here in the study because he could expect to get some wine out of the deal, and a break from his tedious duties guarding a backwoods castle that saw little if any action. He also enjoyed the change of venue from the outdoors, which could always be counted upon to provide some discomfort he had not expected even as it varied from day to night, season to season, with hot and cold weather. It might be cold and damp in the castle on occasion, but at least this condition was constant and he could change it.
“Someone--my steward, who I put in charge of the task of spying on the newcomers, ordered another servant to do it instead, and in this report, that person declared they are mostly harmless.” Fobata scoffed. “Harmless? I do not think so. Do you think so?”
The mundane affairs of bureaucracy, always passing along the task for others to accomplish until they failed. Goga shrugged. “I cannot say for sure.” He said. “I did duel one of them not that long ago. He didn’t seem that much of a threat to me.” He chuckled. “Of course, this fellow had some luck in prolonging the fight,” He frowned to himself, mulling over the wine. “But it was quickly ended.” He remarked. “I could have killed him, but I didn’t. Aren’t you proud of me?” He sneered.
“I’m proud of you, Goga.” Fobata muttered, not really paying attention to his captain of the guards as he stared at the report like it might change ink color, or the intent of its message. “Something is wrong here. Terribly wrong.” He remarked to himself. “I don’t quite understand it, but I feel like we’re not doing something right. That we’re forgetting or overlooking something very important and valuable.”
“Oh, grow up, Fobata, you’re just being paranoid.” Goga muttered. “Perhaps this whole measure of action is unnecessary in the first place. Have you ever stopped and thought about that?” He asked, shaking his head.
“You know what I said on the matter this morning, captain,” Fobata said stiffly. “I believe we are doing the right thing, the necessary thing, when I have messed up far too many times in the past to afford another mistake. If they want this group of children, then I shall arrest them. I have no choice. I am merely acting upon orders, and that is the only meaning I can find in this whole irrational endeavor. Understood?” He asked.
“Completely. What can go wrong?” Captain Goga asked.
“I don’t know. I’m afraid.” Fobata said.
Goga scoffed. “You’ve got that right.”
“I’m serious here. It’s plaguing me, this sense of unease.” Fobata said. “It’s sort of like I’m squeamish, but I’m not. I have to face this great big thing and I have no idea what I am dealing with here. I’m not ready yet.”
“My lord, you are forty years old, and you are being naïve.” Goga remarked. “You have to face it, whatever this thing is, and completely destroy it, or else it will destroy you. Do you understand me?” Fobata silently nodded. “Good, now I’m going to the stables,” Goga said, getting up from his chair, leaving behind an empty wine bottle. “I must tend to my horse.” He burped. “Excuse me, my lord,” He said, leaving the study.
Fobata sighed, and rubbed his cheek. “I need to shave.” He muttered to himself. “If my wife was still alive, she would have told me so,” He said, glaring at the empty spot Goga had occupied. “No thanks to you.” He said.
Goga went down the front hallway of Coe Aela, staggering a little bit as he sang, “I embrace the darkness...”
Chapter 11: Gnat’s Run
Release me, and I will run, as fast as I can;
Release me, and I will go, as far as I can;
Release me and I will be trapped in the fear
Left behind.
--Song of Running, Tarak

It took awhile for the group to locate, and arrange surreptitiously to talk with Gnat, but finally she met them just before sunset in the boys’ room to deliver more blankets for their beds. “First of all, I want to apologize for what’s going on.” Gnat said. “I am not involved, never was a Follower of Doomba, yet I still know that I should help you all.”
“How did you find out about this, Gnat?” Basha asked. “And what exactly is it?” He added for emphasis.
“Servants like me often go unnoticed here. Sometimes, we hear things when others don’t know we’re there. A message came several weeks ago, but I only heard about it this morning. Lord Fobata and Captain Goga were meeting in a study where I was cleaning up, which they normally don’t do, and I hid myself inside of an armoire when I heard them coming. I didn’t want to be seen by them, especially Goga, he just…anyway,” Gnat said, clearing her throat. “I heard them talking, well, arguing. Goga was complaining to Lord Fobata that they had expected a group to arrive on Markee 14. They had been warned by this Lord Crow that they had to beware of this group because they would be bringing a lot of trouble with them, and the only group that arrived were you guys.” Gnat said.
“Lord Crow.” Fato muttered, shifting on his perch.
“Is that the only reason, Markee 14?” Basha asked. “That is both pretty vague and specific.”
“I know it doesn’t make much sense,” Gnat said, “But it’s true, that is what they said. Even they doubted it, especially Captain Goga. He didn’t trust this Lord Crow person, said he was their ‘old friend’ sarcastically, and even…” Gnat frowned. “Bloodlines. There was something about bloodlines. Somehow Lord Crow had the most to gain, and Captain Goga was at the bottom of the pile.”
“I don’t believe this,” Oaka said, getting up. “First, you say they are Followers of Doomba, Captain Goga and Fobata, and now you are talking about bloodlines, and Lord Crow whoever he is, and that we are only targets of this whole debacle just because we happened to arrive on a specific day, chased by Black Wolves I might add,” Oaka said, trying to deal with all of this. His suspicions about Doomba being involved in Basha’s prophecy, ‘control over man and beast’…this was exactly what he had feared, almost, the proof that it was possible.
“It’s true!” Gnat cried. “We’ve known for years that Goga and Fobata were Followers, or at least we suspected, and it wasn’t until a few months ago that Janus had…” Gnat gasped. “Ask Fato!” She cried, causing the falcon to wince.
Basha, Oaka, and Monika stopped and turned around. “Fato?” Monika asked.
Fato lowered his head. “I have a message for King Sonnagh from Janus, a spy employed by His Majesty, that Janus intends to sabotage Lord Fobata and Captain Goga, who are Followers of Doomba. That’s all I have to say at the moment.” Fato was thinking about the woman he had seen with Janus today, but it probably was not worth mentioning at this time, nor was the rest of the message to King Sonnagh.
“Why didn’t you stop us?” Basha began to say.
“I did try to warn you all against coming here, saying that we should bypass Coe Aela, but you three wouldn’t listen to me.” Fato said, backing away from them. “And I didn’t want to say the message then when it was supposed to be a state secret.”
“Never mind then.” Basha said, angry at the bird as he turned around to Gnat. “So it’s true then. Fobata and Goga are Followers of Doomba, and Lord Crow must have found out that Fato had this message, and that he would be coming back down here on his return trip to Coe Kiki.”
“It still doesn’t make much sense to me.” Oaka said. He couldn’t believe it, Basha was just trying to make another excuse again for what was happening here. Did he just not want to face the truth about Doomba’s involvement in this matter?
“Does it matter?” Basha asked, turning around to Oaka. “We have got to go, and Gnat is our only way out of here before…is there a way out, Gnat, and can we get out tonight?” Basha asked, turning to her again as Oaka shook his head.
“Why do you think I’m here?” Gnat said, smiling. “There is a way out, I found it, and we can all go out as soon as you all are packed.”
The group started collecting their bags, Monika slipped out to go into her bedroom, and Basha turned to Gnat. “What about the horses?” Basha asked.
Gnat hesitated. “I’m afraid it’s not going to be possible to get them out.”
Oaka stopped packing, staring at Gnat as Basha lowered his head. “I suppose we should have known...” Basha said, and then hesitated. “There is something else I need, in the stables. It’s in my horse’s stall, in the saddle, a sheath with a sword in it. Can we get it out?” He asked.
“I suppose I can do it, but it’s far better for you all to get out of Coe Aela first before I do. I’ll fetch the sword, if you really need it, and bring it to you.” Gnat said, looking up at him.
“Thank you.” Basha said, patting Gnat on the back. “I don’t know how…do you want to come with us?” Basha asked. “Get away from Coe Aela, and Captain Goga?”
“That definitely sounds like a good idea to me.” Fato remarked.
“I can’t...” Gnat said, lowering her head and shaking it. “Thank you for asking, but it wouldn’t be fair to the other servants, to Janus even, if I were to just go without…I’m not ready yet.” She said, lifting her head. “Maybe someday, when we are all together, but we’re not together yet.” She said.
“You should go.” Fato muttered to himself.
Monika returned with her packs, and learned the bad news that they would be leaving their horses behind. She wept softly for Deja, and then lifted her tear-stained eyes to slowly nod after a few moments--she would be ready to leave. They rearranged their load, leaving behind a few possessions so that they could carry enough for the trip without weighing themselves down, and then turned to the door. 
Gnat let them out, and then softly led the way, through the corridors of Coe Aela. She paused along the way to shove them into alcoves or abandoned rooms, if she thought that someone was coming they should beware of, but for the most part no one was about at this hour, possibly because they were eating dinner. Only once or twice did the group see people, and they seemed to be servants that Gnat trusted--she nodded at them slightly, as if she knew them, and they nodded back, as if they knew her secret. No one spoke, even though the group members had some questions, until Gnat opened a door at the end of a corridor that led them outside.
Basha had gotten turned around by their progress through the corridors, but as he looked out, he knew that it was not the front bailey, or the back bailey, or the east bailey. It was instead the west bailey, which apparently had been abandoned by the groundskeepers as weeds ran rampant, vines crawled up the walls and trees, and bushes irregularly shaped and untrimmed were gathered together in clumps. Statues, allowed to break and fall, had been left where they lied beside still, dry fountains.
The group stopped a moment to stare at this grim sight as Gnat crept up to the curtain wall, feeling around amidst the vines with her head slanted in thought. There were no sentries within sight on the ramparts. She paused, and pushed aside some vines, waving over to the group to come. They hurried over as best they could amidst the littered field, and their hands felt as well in the spot where her hand had been until they felt the gap. She pushed them through the hole, barely large enough for a full-grown woman to slip through, but Oaka and Basha managed the gap after Monika, and then Gnat came through once the group was out. Fato had flown over the ramparts.
Trees clumped together outside of Coe Aela, the start of Mila Forest, hid the hole from where the guards could have seen it on top of the ramparts. Basha gasped, turning around to face the hole in the failing light. “That was…how did that hole happen?”
“No clue. It’s been there for awhile, I think.” Gnat said, panting as Fato flew back to them for a moment. “Perhaps as far back as when Fobata’s ancestors claimed they had invaded this impenetrable castle. I think that’s a legend, but what else could explain this breach?” She asked, looking ahead. “Let’s get going again.”
“I hope they have forgotten about this,” Monika muttered as she and the others followed.
They ran through the forest, Gnat leading the way, trying not to trip over everything in their path until they came upon a glade surrounded by wild oaks. There was a rock formation as large as a hill, which formed an outcrop, in the glade with a waterfall tumbling down from its lip into a pool and a thin creek wheedling away from it. 
Gnat went around the pool toward the rocks at the edge of the outcrop, and they followed her slowly across the slick surface, careful not to slip even as she got closer and closer towards the waterfall. They hesitated as they thought she might be leading them on with nowhere to go but a dead end, but then she slipped through the waterfall without coming back out, and so they followed her--and nearly fell over the edge of the cave mouth.
“Sorry!” Gnat called back, lifting her head up. “I should have warned you all. It’s just a little bit further. You three should be safe in here, with Fato,” Gnat remarked, as the falcon flew into the cave just above their heads, flapping about to shake off the water he had been doused with, and to explore the cavern. “Until it’s clear enough for you all to leave with Basha’s sword.” She added.
“Why can’t we all just go?” Oaka asked, staring down into the cave. “Leave Coe Aela, Goga, and all of that stuff behind us. Why do we have to wait? It seems clear enough now.”
“Because I need the sword, and Oaka…” Basha started to say, but then Monika shushed him, staring straight ahead into the half-illuminated darkness, shimmering with the waterfall and falling sunlight. She thought she had seen something glisten in there, something she had never seen before, and yet she recognized it.
“Oh, no! Not again!” They heard Fato’s voice cry in the distance.
“There is another reason, isn’t there?” Monika asked, staring down at Gnat. “Why you have brought us here?”
“Is she going to betray us?” Oaka asked, nervous. “Is this like a second trap to lull us all into believing you?”
“It’s not a trap, it’s important,” Gnat stomped her foot. “I need to show you all this so that you can understand--it’s something that you might need,” She said, turning away. “Come on, climb down, but slowly, carefully.” She insisted.
The others followed her order, inch-by-inch slowly and carefully until they made it down onto the cavern floor. Monika thought she knew what was here, what she had been searching for since the last Havin season. Part of her dreaded finding it, as it might mean that she was someone completely different from what she had thought of herself before, in terms of her cultural identity. Yet it was also a confirmation of sorts, that she was the person she had thought herself to be, or at least suspected, and this might prove to be the culmination of all her efforts in finding it. Fato flapped down to join them, landing on Oaka’s shoulder.
“This place is amazing.” Fato said, looking about. “Difficult to see with very little light, but what I could see…it’s amazing to think what water can do to create a place like this.” He muttered.
“What’s wrong? What happened to you? Why did you scream?” Oaka asked.
“Nothing.” Fato muttered.
“I came here quite by accident, exploring around when I was young some years ago,” Gnat said, walking deeper into the cavern. “Occasionally the washerwomen would use the pool above to clean laundry in, and I would accompany them. I nearly fell into the cave the first time, but I managed the climb down after awhile. I kept coming back here, sneaking out through the hole in the wall that I found in the meantime, because I was lured here, in a way.” 
She lifted her head. “I heard--I felt--it was a presence, in a way, not exactly human, but not exactly a thing either,” She added, stopping in front of--they could not see it clearly, thrusting up out of the darkness. 
“It sang to me.” She said. “It whispered to me a lullaby I had never heard before, soft and gentle, like a mother--I had never known,” Gnat said, standing aside. They saw the hilt, the pommel and its guard, above the wavy figure of a curved sword in its blue scabbard thrust into the cave floor. The light from above touched a hint of blue, turquoise, cobalt and azul in the darkness, from the leather hilt down to the blade’s wavy steel-forged lines.
“What is it?” Basha asked, stepping forward to stare at its appealing form.
But Oaka recoiled slightly. It assaulted his senses, and made him feel trapped, cornered, like he might be drowned or quenched.
“What’s wrong with you?” Fato asked now, frowning at Oaka. “At least it’s not so bad.”
“Not so bad?” Oaka asked, shocked. “Compared to what?”
“Compared to the other one.” Fato said, glancing briefly at Basha.
They could feel the qualities that Gnat had mentioned, that of a gentle, sweet, nurturing touch they longed to take comfort in, yet it was also a powerful wave that could sweep them away from here, carry them off to a faraway land where they would never find home, and wash away all they had ever known. Oaka was afraid of that awesome power.
“It’s a sword, and not just any sword,” Gnat remarked, turning to Monika. “It’s your sword, is it not?” She asked. “Powerful, like the way you fight, a Blue Sword of water.”
“A Blue Sword.” Fato muttered to himself.
“A Blue Sword…” Basha said, turning to Monika. “With a capital S?” He asked.
“With a capital S is right.” Monika said, nodding as she stared down at her weapon. In the dreams she had of Renrawr’s death, the water closed in on her, as if she had fallen into the ocean instead. But she did not drown as she might have done, when she did not really know how to swim in reality. Or fight it, with a struggle towards the surface, paddling with her hands or kicking with her feet. No, instead, she dreamed of being swallowed up by the water, and floating and sinking at the same time as she breathed in the water like a fish. She became part of the water, trembling in the currents, splashing with the swells, and then evaporating up into the sky before dripping back downwards as rain; she was water.
“I am Monika, and I bind this Sword to me.” She said, grasping the hilt. “I need help now more than ever, oh gods and goddesses listening to me.” She said, bowing her head in prayer.
“Can someone please explain to me…” Oaka started to say.
“Swords of Arria, Oaka.” Fato frowned, considering everything that had happend to him and his friends on this trip. It was a strange turn of events, but perhaps he should have expected something like this to occur again.
“Knights of Arria Swords?” Oaka asked after a short pause. “Swords that the Knights of Arria wielded? And we’ve got one?”
“Two, Oaka.” Basha said. “Don’t forget mine from Coe Anji.” He remarked. “I knew that wasn’t its right name.”
“Swords plural.” Oaka laughed. “You two have got the most powerful weapons in all of creation…” He gasped, leaning forward as he started to hyperventilate. “We have got…”
“Breathe in and out, Oaka!” Fato called, trying to calm him down. “We’re going to get through this!” He insisted. “We will!”
“Only one is in our hands.” Monika said, withdrawing the blue scabbard and the Blue Sword from the crack made in the cave floor by water dripping down, now that she was finished with her prayer. She had to get used to her new weapon, and the new identity that might come with it, if the lore was to be believed. The crest and trough of a wave could be seen in the shapes of the scabbard, and the Sword withdrawn from it. The hilt was made of leather dyed lapis lazuli and opal. She could hear the ocean chopping away at the shore, etching the landscape and herself into a different shape. 
She practiced the swing of the Sword, getting used to the idea that she possessed such a powerful weapon that seemed to be constantly moving, never still, with what lurked beneath its surface. How the water swelled and retreated with the constant turning of the Earth, the force that seemed to make everything go down, or come back up again with the swing. She was amazed by, and relished such a power. It belonged to her.
“We have got to get the other one back from Lord Fobata and Captain Goga.” Monika said, sheathing the Blue Sword before she was tempted to use it for real. She had that feeling of never being still, of always hiding who she truly was, even from those she trusted most. She wanted to stop fighting, and be still for once.
“I’ll get it!” Gnat cried, rushing off towards the cave mouth. Gnat had listened to everything that was happening in amazement, and wanted to be a part of it somehow. This was her chance.
“Are you sure?” Basha started to say, turning around.
“Please, Basha.” Gnat said, turning back towards him. “If it’s that important, we can’t let it get into their hands.” She said, “I’ll fetch it back, don’t worry,” as she started to climb out.
“Hurray for Gnat!” Fato cried, flapping his wings.
“Be careful!” Basha called out to the servant girl, and then sat down to wait once she was gone. There was nothing else he could do. Oaka started to calm down for a moment.
“You knew, Monika.” Basha accused her. “You knew it was a Sword, my Sword, and this…” He waved at the Blue Sword she held. “You knew it was here, didn’t you?”
“I didn’t know. Or at least I didn’t know that this Sword was here until just before I got into the cave mouth,” Monika said, indicating her Blue Sword, “And then I guessed that your Sword was...but I didn’t know exactly.” Monika explained.
“You knew it was…” Oaka gasped again.
“Breathe in, Oaka, don’t lose it again!” Fato cried. “And please stop blaming her for everything,” Fato told Oaka as Fato and Oaka started arguing with each other again, except quietly this time around. (“I don’t blame her for everything,” Oaka said. “You do, Oaka.” Fato insisted. “Only for what she has done.” “What has she done?” “Kept secrets from us!” Oaka cried. and so forth.)
Basha shook his head. “Which Sword is it, the one I have?” He asked.
“The Black Sword, I imagine,” Monika whispered.
“What does that mean?” Basha asked.
“The Black Sword of Death.” Monika said, louder as Fato’s and Oaka’s fight esclated. “Tau’s Sword it was nicknamed.”
“You knew it was a Sword of Arria!” Oaka cried, accusing Fato. “You knew they were both Swords of Arria!”
“What?” Both Basha and Monika said, turning around.
“I didn’t…I might have…recognized them.” Fato said, clearing his throat. “I do have my animal instincts, after all, and I definitely could feel something coming off of them, the magical power they contained, especially with the Black Sword. The Black Sword felt terrible to me, especially when Basha was using it, back in the warehouse. The Blue Sword is not as bad as the Black Sword, at least to me. I can stand it, but I can still feel that water power.” He insisted.
“That’s why you were shrieking so much back at the warehouse.” Basha remarked, staring at the bird as he remembered its reaction during the fight.
“But there’s more, isn’t there?” Oaka asked. “Your sense of perception couldn’t tell you that these things were specifically Swords of Arria. You knew when I didn’t.”
“You can’t figure anything out!” Fato cried.
“You knew, but I didn’t, and I could feel the Blue Sword just now, just the same as you can. I could feel the water!” Oaka cried. “I could feel the water, pushing against me like the tide, and I could feel the death coming off of Basha’s Sword, back at the warehouse, although I had no clue what it was properly then.” He said. “It just felt wrong, cold, disturbing. Something that I could never forget.”
The others fell silent. Basha stared at his older brother and stepped forward, almost wishing that he could comfort Oaka. Whatever the Black Sword was, it wasn’t him. He had only used it because he needed it back in the warehouse. He almost wished that he had not picked it up. Almost, because he might still need it.
“I have seen at least one other Sword of Arria,” Fato admitted, turning to them, “Back in Coe Kiki. About ten years ago, before I was born, they were doing some digging or cleaning near the old fortress on the palace grounds, and they found the Brown Sword, the Sword of Earth, either buried beneath the soil or beneath some possessions in a basement. There was a bit of an uproar amongst the noblemen over who owned or could claim the Brown Sword as their own, although I don’t know why. They did some research, and passed on the Sword to a young nobleman named Pacaben, who was knighted a few years later. Sir Pacaben.” Fato remarked.
The group gaped at Fato. “We didn’t know they had found a Sword in Coe Kiki!” Basha gasped. “We thought they were all lost!”
“Well, it was sort of hushed-up.” Fato remarked. “Most of the noblemen who were living in Coe Kiki at the time of the Sword’s discovery became aware of the fact, or at least the rumor of its existence. But those higher up, all the way to King Sonnagh himself, didn’t want to spread the word amongst common people and foreigners, to protect Pacaben’s identity and keep this weapon a secret in case they needed to use it. So they dispelled the fact as much as possible. However, that secret sort of has been leaking out over the last few months, especially when Sir Pacaben has been showing off the Sword.” Fato scoffed. “Idiot. It was only a matter of time before even you people in Coe Baba would have heard of it. Your friends and family members probably know about it now.”
The others glanced at each other, uncertain about what this could mean to their possession of the Black and Blue Swords, if somebody else in Coe Kiki could claim them.

 “Say, Monika,” Oaka started to say, deciding to change the subject, “The Black Sword of Death, how could it be called Tau’s Sword? Wouldn’t it be Loqwa’s, and why would it be a god’s sword in the first place if it is a Knight’s Sword?”
“What does that have to do with anything?” Fato asked Oaka.
“The Swords are associated with the gods because…the first thing you three should know about magic is that magic is performed using ten elements,” Monika said, “Which are bone, stone, earth, air, water, plant, fire, spirit, shadow and death.” She recited quickly.
The two young men and the falcon repeated her words slowly, trying to remember the elements so that they would be prepared in case such knowledge proved important. Monika reminded them of a few once or twice, and then added, “Ten of the gods are each associated with one element that falls under their domain. Dalan is bone, as he is the god of animals…”
“Woo-hoo! Dalan has an element!” Fato cried, thrusting a wing up into the air.
“Whoop-de-do and hullabaloo,” Oaka said sarcastically, rolling his eyes.
“And the god of the body, one might say.” Monika continued. “Popo is the god of stone, as he molded the mountains. Qei is the god of the harvest and farmers, so he is the god of the earth, as he tends to the earth so that it might be fit for the seed. Then…”
“So Tau is Death?” Basha asked, jumping ahead. “I still don’t understand, why wouldn’t it be spirit, or…”
“Loqwa is spirit because he leads the dead into the underworld. He protects the dead, and it is even said he leads the dead out to be reborn in new bodies.” Monika said. 
“New bodies?” Oaka scoffed. “That’s not what I heard. The dead stay dead, end of discussion.”
“It’s a common belief in places like Kiwata and Angora.” Fato said before Monika had a chance to speak. “Sometimes in Pinal and Pakka as well.”
“He’s right about that.” Monika said, slightly surprised Fato was so knowledgeable.
“Why would it be like this?” Oaka asked. “Why would people get reborn?”
“It gives people, or animals, a second chance at life, in case they did something wrong or weren’t perfect.” Fato said. “I would like to believe that I had a previous life before I was stuck here with this one,” He muttered, glancing at Oaka. “Traveling with you.”
“Death itself is the realm of the mortal, of nature.” Monika said, trying to ignore the pair. “Loqwa does not take away life, he only acts after it is gone. Men and nature cause death.” She said. “Tau is associated with death because he is the king of the gods, the most powerful god, who created humans and gave us mortality in the process. He also gives power to kings and leaders that decide who lives and who dies, and nature…Tau is the god of thunder and lightning, and causes other disasters. What could be more powerful than that in nature?” Monika asked.
Basha shuddered. It seemed almost disturbing to think of the creator god, the most powerful god, as also the ‘death’ god, the one that brought about misery and torture, although there was one legend…maybe it was true, then. And he had held the Death Sword, wielded the Black Sword, Tau’s Sword? He had used it to maim, possibly kill those smugglers? Did it really have a touch of Tau’s power in it? Was this why the Knights of Arria were so powerful, feared by their enemies, able to claim and take over a kingdom? It was rumored the Swords of Arria could split a mountain, especially if they were combined. Did they really have the powers of the gods in them?
“What is wrong with…why are you still traveling with us?” Oaka asked Fato.
“You were probably a monkey or a rat in a previous lifetime!” Fato told Oaka.
“Forget it,” Oaka said, turning to Monika. “Do you know magic then?” He asked.
“Well, a little bit.” She said, turning away from him.
“I have…” Oaka hesitated, and then was silent for a moment. It was difficult to see him in the darkness, as sunlight started to fade above, but then there was a flash of light. They could feel warmth from the flames. Monika gasped and leaned towards Oaka, as Fato, startled, flapped away from him.
“Couldn’t you give a bird a word of warning next time!” Fato cried.	
“Whoops, sorry,” Oaka said sarcastically, as flames burned on the tips of his right hand fingers before he turned to Monika. “So this is what I have. Menthar’s power, right?”
“Right, the power of fire.” Monika sighed, staring at him.
“Not exactly your favorite god, am I right? How did I get it in the first place?” Oaka asked. “And how do I get rid of it forever?”
“You can control it, right?” Basha asked, staring at his brother. He remembered the fire Oaka had started at the militia tryouts, igniting his and Hastin’s wooden swords, frightening the townspeople, but Basha had not been afraid of Oaka. In fact, he had wanted to protect his brother from the townspeople’s wrath. He had known then, or suspected, that Oaka had a bit of magic in him, but he had not questioned it. In fact, he had always known Oaka had some magic in him, from the way he acted, laughed, and sang. Oaka had that attitude about him that conveyed the sort of magic charming people had. Basha had never really thought he had any of that power inside of him.
“I think so. It started…” Oaka sighed. The flames flickered, growing stronger and weaker with Oaka’s speech and thoughts. “It started around the time I got really serious with Sisilia, like a year or so ago. It happens every time I lose control of my temper, like when I’m really angry, or when I get...really passionate,” He cleared his throat, and remarked, “It usually lays dormant at other times. I can control it, restrain the power completely if I try to control and calm myself down. Lose the temper, cool my passion, that sort of thing. At other times, I can...concentrate, perhaps, and expel some of the power on my own if I want, to a specific target. Call upon my temper or my passion to help me out a little bit, like I did with Hastin at the militia tryouts.” Oaka remarked. “I think I can do it.” He said, staring at the flames. “I didn’t use it against Goga because I was afraid and I didn’t want him to know what I could do. And I didn’t know how to use it with the Black Wolves.”
“Whoa, Oaka, I…” Fato laughed nervously. “Nice to have you on our side.” He said.
“Thanks, bird.” Oaka muttered.
“So how you got it in the first place,” Monika said. “Generally it is passed down through generations, from mothers and fathers to their offspring.” She said.
“Blame your mother!” Fato exclaimed and laughed.
“But as to getting rid of it, you can’t, not really.” Monika said. “You have to learn how to control it. You might be able to shrink it down, repress it for a very long time, years even, but eventually it will pop up again.” She said.
Oaka closed his eyes, and Basha could well imagine what he was thinking: who was to blame? His mother Habala or his father Geda? If it was a family trait, who had the fire in them? The flames faded completely away from Oaka’s hands then, and the cave felt colder and darker without them.
“We never knew, Monika.” Basha said, turning to her. “We never knew our parents…wait a minute.” He said. “Do you think I had power in my family?”
Monika shrugged. “As to that, I don’t know, Basha. I don’t know about your parents, if they had power, and if the Black Sword is really your power, death, then do you have any of that power within you?” She asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Basha whispered, remembering what Iibala had said to him that fateful night, just before he proposed to Jawen…‘you have death hidden within you, nothingness.’ But he did not think…could it be true that he had death hidden within him? He did not fear the darkness of night sometimes, but he feared something more sinister lurking within him. He did not want that nothingness. And how did Iibala know that he had such power when he didn’t at the time?
“Where is Gnat? What’s taking her so long?” Fato cried.

Gnat snuck back in through the hole in the curtain wall, excited at the prospect of helping her new friends, especially Basha, whom she admired more than she could say. But it was also the prospect of doing something worthwhile and important that excited her, as she had been longing for this opportunity for a long time. Ever since Janus had latched onto her when he first arrived in Coe Aela, she had been waiting for the chance to prove his trust in her. 
He had seen her lurking in the corners, quiet and diminutive to avoid being noticed by Captain Goga and some of the other servants who would beat her whenever she was unsatisfactory in her chores, or whenever they just felt like it. Immediately he had asked her if she was willing to join in his rebellion against Lord Fobata. Gnat had been shocked at first at the idea of rebelling, afraid of what would happen to her if she was caught in such a conspiracy, but Janus had convinced her as well as dozens of other servants that it was the right thing to do. 
Lord Fobata was a traitor, he said, a Follower of Doomba who had turned against King Sonnagh and Arria. And he promised them that if they escaped Coe Aela and went to Coe Kiki, they would find better treatment elsewhere, especially if they told the king the terrible things Lord Fobata had done to them and others. All they would have to do in this rebellion was to spread the word to the other servants they trusted, and be prepared to march out of Coe Aela when the time was right and everything was ready. Gnat didn’t know for certain at the time if what Janus had said was true, but she had wanted to believe it, and trusted Janus, and now she was certain it was true.
Gnat had done her part to assist Janus in delivering messages to the other servants, and even volunteered to hold a sword if they needed to fight on the way out of Coe Aela. But instead he had given her drumsticks and a drum to play, teaching her the simple rhythm of a march. He told her she was too young to fight, but he needed someone who would ‘lead them from lowly servants to true citizens’, or something like that, a drummer who would help them stand tall. She didn’t quite understand or accept what he had to say, but she knew he wanted her to stay safe, so she had accepted the drum. She would fight another day.
She went through the west bailey, the cracked, dry fountains in mourning for the water that would never flow through them again, and entered the front bailey. As she neared the stables, she stopped at the sight of a familiar figure standing at its opening—Goga. She slipped into the kennels, quieted the dogs that threatened to bark, and slid down to hide herself amidst the warm, furry bodies, tongues lolling as they lied on the ground or peered out through the fence, occasionally going to drink some water at the trough or munch on some dinners scraps.
She watched Goga emerge from the stables, examining--she gasped as she saw the black scabbard of the Black Sword, unique as it was shaped like a giant fang and she had spotted it before in the stall of Basha’s horse. Why would--had Goga noticed and recognized the Black Sword? Had he stolen it to examine it, or did he know its owner was gone? Basha was going to lose the Black Sword, and it would be her fault for not retrieving it sooner, unless she did something about it. But what could she do to--
She heard the kennel gate open, and the dogs started barking as Gnat looked up, afraid Goga had seen her spying on him, and would enter to punish her. But instead, it was a woman Gnat had never seen before, or at least--perhaps she had seen the woman once or twice in the last few days, but always from afar, and never knowing her name.
“Hello, Gnat,” said the woman, crouching down to Gnat’s eye-level. “My name is Nisa, and I want to help you.”
“Help me?” Gnat said, frowning. “Why?”
“Because we want the same thing for the same people,” Nisa said, nodding at Goga heading for the castle keep. “And keep the Black Sword out of Goga’s hand.”
“The Black Sword? How--” Gnat said, gasping. “How do you know?”
“I recognized it. It was described to me once by--my father,” Nisa said, looking away. “He knows a lot. Anyway, we want the same thing for Basha, and I think we should work together to get it. You can get the Sword, and I--will distract Goga.” Nisa said, biting her lip.
“How?” Gnat said, eying Nisa.
“Just leave that to me.” Nisa said, glaring at Gnat. “Get the Sword when the time is right. You wait a few moments when I leave here, and then follow after me. Do not be rash. Keep to the shadows, and watch out for me and Goga. We may be in a room together. Just be careful, and slip in if you can. I will try to knock him out if it comes to that. Most likely he will be disarmed, and the Black Sword will be left a short distance away from him, that will help.” Nisa said the last to herself. “We need to be quick, and quiet. Hide your face if you can.” She continued, speaking to Gnat this time.
“What about you?” Gnat asked, staring at Nisa.
“I hope to get away from here, but Gnat, you are most important, the Black Sword is important. I believe that may be more important than my life.” Nisa said. “Now be certain it gets to Basha!”
Nisa did as she said, leaving the kennel and crossing over to enter the castle. Gnat waited for as long as she could, and then followed after, creeping as best she could inside, and down the main hallway. In a shadowy alcove, Nisa waved her over, and when Gnat arrived, Nisa thrust the Black Sword in its scabbard into her hands. Nisa winced, recoiling slightly as she clasped her hands together, and grimaced.
“I don’t think he saw me clearly,” Nisa said, indicating the unconscious body of Goga lying on the floor of the alcove, “But at least he saw only me. Now get out of here.” Nisa hissed. Her hands appeared to have blistered.
Gnat hesitated a moment, holding the Black Sword. “If we could be certain that he would never say anything about--” Gnat started to say, staring down at Goga’s helpless body.
“No, Gnat,” Nisa hissed, staring at her. “Don’t think that, don’t you ever think that. You’re too young to be thinking like that. You do not want to go down that way.”
“Why not?” Gnat asked, staring up at her. Her eyes had turned black all the way around, no color or white in them.
“You do not want to go down that way because there is no way back, Gnat.” Nisa said, grasping her and trying to make her focus. “I know, because I have been down that road. You lose a part of yourself, and when it is gone, it is gone forever. Look at me!” Nisa cried. “You do not want to lose whatever innocence you have left. It is valuable. Time is running out. We have to save Basha and his friends, they are waiting for you and the Sword. Go to him, Gnat. Go to Basha. You may lose the Sword if you stay. Goga will wake up soon, or someone else will take the Sword away from you if you slay him. Then will it be worth it? For Basha to lose his life and his weapon?”
Gnat gripped the Black Sword in its black scabbard tightly, trembling with her eyes and teeth clenched as if she might burst forth in a screaming rage at any moment with the Black Sword unsheathed to stab Goga. But then she inhaled deeply and quieted down, sighing softly and shaking her head as her body relaxed. She opened her eyes, and a hazel circle had appeared inside her pupil once more, the white of the cornea as well. “I’m sorry.” Gnat said.
“It’s all right. Now go!” Nisa cried.
Gnat nodded, and ran off with the Black Sword towards the castle door, leaving Nisa alone. Nisa hesitated as she turned to Goga’s body, lying there unprotected... “No.” She said, shaking her head. “Whatever the consequences may be, no.” She moved away from his body before Goga could wake. She would fight him another day, when he could defend himself.

Gnat ran back through the forest as the sunset diminished to the edge of darkness. The Black Sword in its scabbard was clutched in front of her as it had been for most of the way, except for when she had slipped through the hole in the curtain wall. Time was running out, Goga would surely wake soon and, without the Black Sword by his side, he would alert Coe Aela that something was wrong, leading to the discovery of the missing ‘guests’. 
She had not let go of the Black Sword at all, afraid she was going to lose it after all of the trouble she and Nisa had gone through to fetch it, and afraid she might turn around and use it on Goga like she had been tempted to do. But she had kept going, because it was important, because she wanted to show Basha he could trust her, and she wanted to be responsible enough to make Janus and Nisa proud of her. She had a lot to live up to.
She made it to the pool and the outcrop, went around to clamber over the rocks, slipping slightly with one of her hands full with the Sword, but she managed to make it to the cave mouth behind the waterfall. “Basha! Oaka! Monika! Fato!” She cried, holding up the Sword in the dark as they approached. “I got it! Now you all need to hurry up, fetch your bags to hand up to me first, and then I’ll help you all out of the cave.”
“Thank you, Gnat!” Basha exclaimed.
“What took you so long?” Fato screeched.
“There was some difficulty,” Gnat said, not wanting to get into it right now, “But with Nisa’s help--”
“Nisa?” Basha said, very loudly and with a brusque undertone.
“Nisa, she knew you, she knew about the Black Sword,” Gnat said, puzzled by his reaction. Surely he knew Nisa was trying to help him?
“The Black Sword? How could she know about that?” Basha asked.
“Is this the woman you saw at the grand banquet hall the other evening?” Monika asked Basha.
“What woman?” Fato asked, starting to get worried.
“Yes, I thought I saw her there, but that’s impossible! She’s back in Coe Baba, or at least she should be.” Basha told Monika.
“She said she was told by her father what the Black Sword looked like,” Gnat said, trying to keep up with the conversation.
“Nisa doesn’t have a father!” Basha exclaimed.
“Who is Nisa again?” Oaka asked.	
“Nisa worked at the inn sometimes, Oaka, as a serving girl,” Basha said, turning to him. “She lived with her mother Brigga, who wasn’t married.”
“But Nisa had to have a father, otherwise she wouldn’t have been born.” Monika said, “Someone who lived in Coe Baba or something. What man could have known what the Black Sword looked like, Basha?”
“Probably the Old Man,” Basha scoffed, and then got quiet.
“I don’t know what the matter is between you and Nisa, Basha,” Gnat said, getting fed up with all of this background information she didn’t understand, “But she helped me by knocking out Goga, who had taken the Black Sword out of the stables, so now you have all got to get out of here before Goga revives, and sounds the alarm!”
Several bags were thrown up at Gnat at once, but she only managed to catch two of them, placing them to the side on the rocks away from the waterfall. The rest of the bags that had fallen back onto the floor of the cave were handed up to her by the group. With the Black Sword resting on top of the bags, she managed to help pull up the members of the group who were attempting to climb the slick cave wall to its mouth, Fato flying over them outside.
Once everyone was out, and started collecting their bags, Basha grabbed the Black Sword and turned to Gnat. “Come with us.” He urged.
Oaka opened his mouth, but Monika elbowed him slightly to stop him from talking. Fato watched the scene intently.
“I…” Gnat hesitated, looking back towards the walls and turrets of Coe Aela in the distance. What if she went back there, only to be caught by Goga and his guards sneaking back in? They would know, through torture, interrogation, or discovery, that she had helped the group escape, and then they would kill her. She couldn’t know she would escape that fate. 
Janus and Nisa might or would be caught in their respective schemes, and then they would be killed. She couldn’t know that would happen, but what if it did? What if everything else failed, including the servants’ rebellion Janus instigated? What would she do then? Die alone without any friends? Slave away until her existence ended, probably at Goga’s hands? What if she could escape all of that?
What would Janus and Nisa want her to do? Would they want her to save herself? Would they want her to die alone without them, sacrifice herself for a worthy cause, or find freedom with friends?
She cried, unable to control herself, bitter tears as these thoughts circulated through her head. “I don’t know what to do!”
“Come on, Gnat,” Basha said, nudging her as he and everyone else started moving over the rocks around the pool to start heading south.
Gnat followed after him. “I’m not prepared for this,” She whispered as the humans started running once they hit dry ground, Fato leading the way as he soared ahead of them.
“Nobody ever is!” The falcon called back to the girl, and then cheered.

Something was wrong, no, everything was amiss, Doomba growled to himself, sitting up in his chair and staring out at the shadows circulating about him. The shadows knew his fears and worries, the shadows were a part of him, and as such they reflected his fears and worries as well as shrouded him. He felt almost certain that Lord Fobata and Captain Goga had messed up again, somehow, despite whatever precautions they might have taken in encountering the newcomers chased by the Black Wolves.
The sensations he had felt, perhaps of the Black Sword or one of the other Swords of Arria being used, were upsetting to him, disturbing to say the least when it meant that his enemies had such weapons still in their possession. Weapons? Plural? More than one Sword? This was a disaster! The Knights of Arria were assembling again, the Swords of Arria being brought together, right under Coe Aela’s roof! It was embarrassing, this sort of thing should not be happening, right in the heart of a Follower’s stronghold.
What was wrong with Fobata and Goga? Why were they always getting things wrong? Could they not do anything right by themselves? Did they enjoy having somebody else clean up their messes? Because he was going to have to contact somebody, perhaps Lord Crow and the ‘Maidens’, the Yagiha and Wilama, to take control of the situation before it got out of control, to kill the tiger and his friends. He never should have considered the possibility of possessing the tiger’s body, it was too dangerous to tangle with the problems inherent there; namely, the proximity required for such an operation. It would make him an easy target for the tiger, if the tiger was willing. He should resign himself to the fact that he would have to search for another body, one that was safer, though not so powerful. A pity, Doomba had been looking forward to that day for awhile now.
Did Fobata and Goga enjoy being demoted and ignored in the ranks of Followers of Doomba for their foibles and mistakes? Did they not understand the consequences of their actions, that they had severely affected the progress of Doomba’s elevation to greater power and glory for years now? Did they underestimate their opponents, who could impede both Fobata and Goga in their callings as well as Doomba’s? Did they assume that there was no threat here, no need to worry unduly, despite any hints otherwise? They were wrong, terribly wrong, and it was their fault for being so ignorant. They should have learned otherwise.
Perhaps he should not have expected them to understand the importance of these people to him, that these were his ultimate foes, but surely they would not have missed the Swords of Arria? Even if the weapons were hidden from sight, surely Fobata and Goga would have at least taken the precaution of searching through the enemies’ packs. Was it not obvious? Perhaps the hint of the newcomers being chased by Black Wolves was not big enough. The imbeciles.
After the hope that he had gained when the tiger and his friends arrived at Coe Aela, the hope that Lord Fobata and his brother Captain Goga would deal with them once and for all, to prove that the pair of them were not lousy Followers of Doomba…he had been disappointed, as usual. It made him sick, to think that they were counted amongst his Followers. He should debase them, remove them from his ranks of Followers, were it not for the fact that due to their high status in Arria’s society, and proximity to other noble, significant Followers, they had gained access to an enormous amount of secrets over the years, some of the best-laid plans, identities, and subterfuges ever assembled. They still had been accounted important enough to be involved in such measures, unworthy as they were to receive such status in the first place, especially when Lord Joq himself, the previous Duke of Coe Aela, had been just as dismal in his abilities and loyalty. Despite everything they had ever done wrong, Lord Joq, Lord Fobata, and Captain Goga had still remained Followers of Doomba, because he could not turn them away, or else they might have gone to King Sonnagh and his people with all of their knowledge, and betrayed him, tarnishing all of his plans and schemes. 
Even death, killing and disposing of them, was no guarantee of silence, for surely someone might have noticed that something was amiss in their demises, and investigate, while someone else in their employ might have known enough of their secrets to still betray him, and so on. There was no guarantee that nothing would ever go wrong. So Doomba had to do everything he could to prevent catastrophes. He wished that he could stand up, and do everything himself, but he could not. He had a message to send to his Black Wolves in the north.
He concentrated, but then his concentration was broken with another knock at his door. Doomba groaned and shouted, “What is it now? What has gone wrong at the Pits this time?” as a gringrok opened the door.
The gringrok grimaced and said, “Sire, a Trolla is here to report that one of the tunnels in the Pits has flooded.”
“Flooded? This is the final straw.” Doomba insisted. “Something must be done about the Pits! The Trollas have a lot to answer for.”
Chapter 12: Man of Principle
The mark of a man of principle can be found in the way
That he distinguishes himself. Does he show that he
Has fortitude, discipline, a sense of duty and honor as
Well as intellect? Then he is a true man of principle.
A Man of Principle, Mirandor

Goga groaned, eyelids fluttering as he revived slowly, managing to sit up and peer about, trying to recall where he was and what he was doing here. He must have been drinking a lot this evening. He remembered he had seen the Black Sword in the stable when his slightly blurry eyes had glanced over to the stall of one of the visitor’s horses and had spotted the black leather of its hilt and the special curve it had in its sheath, attached to the saddle just left lying on the floor. How careless of them. Why had they done a thing like that? Goga thought to himself, striding over and opening the stall door with a little sway. He dived around the horse when it was startled to snatch up the Sword in its scabbard, throwing away the rest of the saddle that he had dragged along with it. The Black Sword was his, Goga thought to himself, yes, it was…where was it? Goga wondered, as he looked around where he had been left lying.
“Balnor!” Goga cried. “Balnor and malakel it, I will…” He stood up and swayed, clutching at the wall. “That woman will pay.” He growled. It was always a woman to him.
He remembered her approaching him, a servant, head down with her arms crossed in front of her. But he had not gotten a good look at her face, just her hair, which seemed to blur in his mind between blond, gray, white or red, maybe brown, depending on how the light had…he couldn’t remember. Something was affecting his mind, he could almost swear to it. Must have been the wine. She had knocked him out somehow, and taken the Black Sword away from him. Why? Perhaps she had known what it was, and if she had known what it was…
“Guards!” He cried, staggering towards the castle door and flinging it wide open into the night. “Guards!”
Some of his guards came down from the wall and the guardhouse, and he ordered them to search the servants’ quarters, round up any woman over the age of 15 with blond, brown, red, white or gray hair, and send them to the dungeon cells. Then he asked two of his guards to accompany him to the east wing, where the living quarters for those visitors Lord Crow had warned them about were located. Once there, he flung open the doors, only to find them gone, most of their bags taken as well. He turned about and told the two men to begin a search for the guests, all over the castle and its grounds, but he already had a feeling that they were not here, they were gone. But he had to be certain.
“They could not have escaped,” Goga muttered to himself, marching about his quarters in the barracks where he had gone to think. “The gates were shut. No one could have gotten out through them. My head hurts. The posterns were guarded as well. No one could have gotten out. They must be hiding somewhere, waiting for their chance to slip out. I will not let them slip out.” He coughed, already developing a cold, he was certain. 
Hava sighed, writing down warrants of arrest for the guests that had escaped, and for the woman who had helped them. Goga had woken him up, and ordered him to get to work on these papers. Goga just loved ordering people about, Hava thought to himself.
“I will find them.” Goga said to himself and sniffed.
All night long, the guards searched for the youths, poking about every corner of the castle grounds, even in the western bailey, and raided every room, even those belonging to the noble guests that had been invited to stay over at Coe Aela for Lord Fobata’s birthday celebration. Even Lord Fobata had been kindly asked to step out of his rooms so that the guards could search, and the Duke of Coe Aela impatiently waited as the guards ransacked his room, wondering if Captain Goga had gone too far over the limits of his command. It was time to have a talk with him again.
The guards also rounded up the serving women, crying and screaming as they were taken from their beds or from the tasks that they were set to perform at these late hours, not knowing why, and friends and family members pleaded for these women to be released. But the guards ignored them and sent the women down to the dungeon cells below to wait for whatever reason Goga had for doing this. Goga impatiently waited for word that the guests were here, found, but the guards returned to him, negative on all grounds.
Goga growled. “Fine. Organize the search party. We will be leaving in the morning.” He coughed. His head was pounding.
“But the men have been up all night, sir.” One of the guards said. “Can we not rest a few hours?”
“Rest? What is this word?” Goga asked before he sneezed. “Now do as I say! I will see those women you have captured for me.” He said, striding out of the room and wiping his nose. “Hava!” He called back, raising a finger. “Come with me and bring the arrest warrants with you!” He cried.
Hava sighed, and followed after the captain of the guards out of the barracks, and across the back lawn towards the castle. “Sir, is all of this really necessary?” Hava asked, knowing he would be punished for his insolence.
“Yes, of course it is, Hava,” Goga said, rolling his eyes and sniffling. “We cannot let these children get away from us that easily. I admit I have thought that these children were next to nothing, when I wondered why we were supposed to have been watching out for them in the first place, but Lord Fobata and I, it seems, have vastly underestimated them.” He said as he threw open the back doors into the castle. 
“Despite being trapped here, they managed to find a way out, even if they had some help here from a servant girl, and one of them had the Black Sword.” Goga said, as servants and guards alike scattered before him. He stopped to sneeze. “The Black Sword, Hava, do you know what that means?” He asked, turning to his secretary.
“Knights of Arria?” Hava asked uncertainly, for that was what the the Black Sword, and other Swords of Arria, were associated with.
“That’s right, Knights of Arria,” Goga muttered, continuing on as he started to descend the staircase into the dungeon. “We cannot let them get away from us. They will bring down destruction on everything that we have worked so hard for.” He huffed.
“But how can you be so sure that they are…the Knights of Arria died years ago!” Hava cried. “Centuries! Millenia!”
“They are the Knights of Arria, or the closest thing we will get to them in our lifetimes.” Goga said, turning on Hava at the bottom of the staircase. “The Knights of Arria might have died, but they left a legacy behind them that has lasted all of this time and will be picked up by others, you can almost guarantee that. There may even be some truth to the rumor of a Knight of Arria in Coe Kiki already, if you can believe that.” Goga muttered, turning away. “Generations have been raised on the stories! Millenia! Of course someone is going to pick up the bloody Black Sword when it falls into their hands,” Goga said, as he entered the dungeon with Hava right behind, “Who could resist that?” He finished.
The guard on duty turned to Goga, as several women started cursing Goga loudly from within the cells where they were all jammed in together. Some women pleaded to be let out, but many were just remained silent and sullen. “Sir,” The guard said, raising his voice to be heard over the clamor, “The ladies are waiting to be inspected.”
“Ladies,” Goga muttered, going from cell to cell and, at a safe distance to avoid the hands trying to reach out and strangle him, peered in to see if any of them might have been the one to attack him. “No. No. Maybe. Too old. Not enough hair. Too young.” Goga said, wiping his nose with a handkerchief from his pocket. “She was shorter. Taller. Fatter. Skinnier. Maybe a bit older. Possible. Turn your head to the left. No.” Goga said.
Goga continued, narrowing down his suspects as Hava wrote down their names and descriptions. “All right, I think that’s enough.” Goga said, nodding to the guard before he asked Hava to tear off the piece of paper from his ledger and hand it over to the guard. “Here, round up these ladies from their cells,” Goga told the guard. “And prepare them for an investigation. I will be with them shortly. Hava, come with me.” Goga said as he left the dungeon behind.
Hava panted, going up the staircase, “Where are we going now?”
“To Lord Fobata. I am sure he wants to talk to me by now,” Goga said, climbing. “And I have a few words I want to say to him. Plus we must have a conversation with Marlo and…what was the name of the servant Marlo had spying on the group?”
“Janus?” Hava asked, shocked as he stopped just befoe the top of the stairs.
“Precisely.” Goga growled, emerging into the back corridor just as the sun rose above the eastern corner of the rear curtain wall, visible through one of the windows. “We must have a conversation with him.” He said.

Habala had started cooking breakfast for herself and her husband, as well as for a few guests that had arrived last night to see the Oracle of Mila, and her husband was out chopping wood in the stableyard for the stove, though he did not need to. Habala was using her magical fire powers to light and heat the stove. Habala had yet to confess to him the full extent of her fire power, which she was still exploring after ‘rediscovering’ them. In a sense, she had not completely forgotten her powers; she had just tried to block them from her mind for all of these years. The last time she had used her powers, really used them to the full extent of her ability before burning down her clock workshop…she did not want to think about that horrible night when Dorvina, Geda’s and Smidge’s sister, had died.
Brigga rushed into the stableyard from the street. “Geda! Habala!” The woman called, as Habala poked her head out from the kitchen, and her husband stopped chopping.
“What is it?” Geda asked quietly, lowering the axe and wiping sweat off of his brow.
“The mayor’s back, out running naked on the main street again,” Brigga remarked, pointing towards the road. “Something has got to be done about it.” She said, heading for the water pump to wash her hands.
Habala and Geda glanced at each other, as they heard the mayor singing a bawdy song on the street in front of their inn. “I’ll take a look,” Geda sighed, putting his axe away before he headed in that direction.
“Thank you.” Brigga said, smiling as she pumped. “I’m so glad. I hope that you can talk some sense into him, Geda. Not that I’m complaining, but that’s not the sort of sight we want to see every time he gets the fancy.” She added, rinsing her hands.
“I quite agree there.” Habala laughed. “Take care, Geda.” Habala said, wiping her hands on her apron. “It’s the third time in a month that he’s done this.”
“I know. I think he’s losing it.” Geda sighed. “Not that I blame him one bit. He’s got a lot to deal with sometimes.”
“Do you two think he’ll get re-elected this year?” Brigga asked them, drying her hands.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so.” Geda chuckled. “I can’t imagine so, not with his behavior getting so bad, and so visible. I suppose...we’ll have a new mayor this year.” He stopped, astonished by his own words.
“A new mayor, the first in fifteen years.” Habala said, marveling to herself. “Can you imagine? You know, Geda, maybe you should run for mayor.”
“Me? Run for mayor? No way,” Geda said, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t do a thing like that, not if…no. Don’t ask me to do that.” Geda said, striding away towards the main road. Habala and Brigga had asked too much of him in recent days, especially with Smidge leaving.
“But it’s a great idea!” Brigga cried, turning towards him, yet he had already gone. “Habala?” She said, turning towards her friend. 
Her friend. It had been so long since she and Habala had been friends that it still felt strange to think of them in that term. But ever since the other night, when Smidge had left The Smiling Stallion inn, and she had shared her secret with Habala, in spite of Habala’s reluctance to believe Smidge could be a Follower of Doomba, they had gotten close again. Now it seemed that they were working together as friends, although there was no mention of Smidge in their conversations. He seemed to be personally avoiding them, and Habala wanted to avoid the topic of Smidge altogether, especially when it came to him possibly being a Follower of Doomba. Brigga followed Habala’s taciturn example in this case, as it was the only sore point they had at this point, but one of these days she knew that she would have to pursue the topic again, if only to prove that Smidge was one.
Habala sighed, shaking her head. “There’s no point trying to talk him into it, Brigga, he won’t listen to you.” Perhaps she should not have suggested that Geda should run for mayor, Habala thought, when Geda was not in the mood to try anything bold or new, in a sort of depressed state disguised as business as usual. But she thought that Geda could make a good mayor, possibly the best mayoral candidate that they had in this town. It was difficult for things to get back to normal between her and Geda, with the boys and Smidge gone, but perhaps a change, something to live for besides the inn, something to give them hope, might stir their hearts again. She shouldn’t have burned down the old clock workshop awhile ago, that had just made things worse between them.
“You could probably talk him into it.” Brigga remarked.
“I know I could, but I’m not sure…” Habala sighed. “Perhaps we shouldn’t discuss this. Come on inside here, and help me finish breakfast,” Habala said, moving away from the kitchen door. Would he even listen to her? Would he be willing to believe her? Perhaps the boys and the inn were all they had keeping them together for all of these years, and now that the boys were gone…the inn was not enough, it would never be enough to protect them. They were falling apart.
Habala wiped her eyes as Brigga entered the kitchen. Brigga had been of great help to them these past couple of days, taking care of some of the boys’ chores along with Smidge, and then after Smidge left; things were almost back to normal when it came to operating and managing the inn. Almost. 
Besides the Oracle of Mila worshippers, there was also Mirari the healer staying here, as she usually did during the Plig and Suma seasons, but she said that she had come earlier this year to get a start on taking care of some of her patients. Habala had not quite understood that, but she supposed that it was a good thing when Mirari was such a good healer, and sometimes there were accidents when people started plowing up the fields, or the river started to flood with the thaw in the Reda season. She would not start to question everything else in her life, or else things would start to fall apart even more before she knew what was happening.
Habala shook her head and went back to cooking breakfast alongside Brigga, waiting for her husband to come back to help serve. He would come back.

Lapo the merchant was walking down the main road with his wife Mawen after having picked up some breakfast food from the general store, when the mayor raced by them naked. “Third time in a month,” Mawen remarked, shaking her head with disappointment. “He doesn’t even look that good. Do you think people are going to stand for much more of this?” She asked her husband slyly.
“No, I don’t think so,” Lapo said, shaking his head. “Third time in a month? Why even stand for it one time? People deserve better than this.” He said, already giving a campaign speech to his wife. “Might be time for a change.” He smiled.
“Oh, my dear Lapo!” Mawen laughed, clapping her hands. “I knew you would have it in you! People deserve better than this, and you’re the best that they’re going to get in a town like this! You deserve to win, and you will. No one will stand against you.”
“I can think of a few people who might,” Lapo said, staring after Geda racing to catch up with the mayor.
“Oh, him? No, he’s nothing.” Mawen said, nodding. “No one will vote for him except for a couple of drunks. You’re going to win, my dear. The majority loves you, they respect you, and you’ve earned that love and respect. You’re going to win.” She said as Geda caught up with the mayor, and managed to grab him, though gingerly to avoid touching any private areas.
“Thank you, my dear Mawen,” Lapo said, kissing his wife. “I will be certain to give you that inn you’ve always wanted once I’m elected.”
“We’re going to win, and crush The Smiling Stallion inn!” Mawen laughed, and kissed him hard with a foot raised behind her. The mayor was escorted by Geda back to town hall.

“‘So away with ye, away with ye, do-we-do-we-do-we!’” The mayor sang, “To the land flowing with’…uh, what goes there, Geda?” The mayor asked, “What finishes the song?”
“Uh, sounds like something with…milk and honey, although that doesn’t make much sense.” Geda said, shaking his head. “Where does milk flow like water, and honey? Preposterous, I say, it doesn’t seem right.”
“It’s a song, it doesn’t have to mean anything.” The mayour said. “Something’s got to flow, might as well be…beer! Beer and milk, does that sound better?” The mayor asked. “Or…wine! Wine, women, and song! Now that does sound better, doesn’t it?”
“Whatever makes you happy.” Geda sighed. He was used to dealing with drunkards at the bar inside his common room, he had spent almost 30 years of his life dealing with their messes, tirades, and rages, but Geda didn’t want to have to deal with their drunkenness in the morning as well. He was getting a little tired of it. The trick was to keep them happy until they departed, full of beer until they passed out, sober enough that they would stop drinking after awhile, or just to cut them off entirely. The third and fourth options were perhaps the easiest, and sometimes the least taken options by the innkeeper with the real drunks, especially when it meant less beer sold to them. On the other hand, it did mean less drunkenness for him to deal with as well.
“‘Away with ye, away with ye, where are we going, Geda?’” The mayor asked in song.
“Back to the town hall, mayor, I don’t know where you live.” Geda said, thinking it was a real question.
“Balderdash balnor! I don’t want to go back there! I’m bored, sick, and tired of being straight-laced, white as a feather, clean and…blah. Leaves a bad taste in my mouth.” The mayor stuck out his tongue. “Sick and tired, plagued by every problem that this town has got to offer, and then some, with the factory owners, the baron, and Lapo’s influences. I want to be let loose, and run free!” The mayor cried, nearly running off again before Geda grabbed him. “Let someone else take care of these problems!” The mayor said.
“Someone else will! Mayor, I’m sorry, but you’re going to have to learn how to control yourself, or else we’ll…I don’t think you’ll like being forced to step down from office.” Geda said as the mayor stopped walking. “I know that you’re complaining about it right now, but you’re drunk and crazy, and deep down inside, I know that you still must like being the mayor of Coe Baba, or else why would you keep running for the office?” He asked.
“Because no one else would take it!” The mayor cried. “But this is just perfect! Someone else can take the office right now and deal with the mess and balnor that I once had to! It’s off my plate, I can run free…”
“No, you can’t, mayor, not just yet!” Geda said, restraining the mayor from running yet again. “You’re not out of office yet, you’re still mayor until someone else is elected. And then you have to abide by the rules like an ordinary citizen, and that means no running naked through the streets of Coe Baba, not out in public! But you can still run free inside the privacy of your own home, or in the woods where no one can see you.” Geda said, where he couldn’t see the mayor’s ‘glory’.
“Good to know.” The mayor said. “By the way, are you considering running for mayor yourself?”
“I don’t.” Geda said.
“Don’t do it!” The mayor cried. “Worst mistake I ever made in all my life. I got saddled with all of these problems, and then I had to roll over for the baron and Lapo and the factory owners. They chewed me up and spit me out! I wasn’t strong enough to handle everything, too fragile to resist their pull on me back and forth, and then I broke, it all just fell apart. Don’t do it, Geda, you may regret it.”
“I won’t.” Geda said, hesitating. “But mayor, surely you would miss it, won’t you? Being in office, you’ve been there so long, surely there is something you might miss?” He asked.
“Geda,” The mayor sighed, and then stopped a moment to think. “I’ll tell you something, Geda, if you do consider running for mayor. You have got to be strong and tough, flexible and relenting. Prepared to bend the knee, and not yield at all to those who would prevail against you. You have got to struggle with the worst, kindest, happiest, best, meanest, toughest, nastiest, strongest, luckiest, highest, lowest, wealthiest, poorest, bravest, smartest, fastest, slowest, dumbest, smallest, largest, gentlest, roughest, most gallant, fiendish, courteous, energetic and daring people you have ever met, and they are all your people! All of them! Even those didn’t vote for you! You have to accommodate them as well as yourself! You have to give them everything that they need and want, and don’t give them anything at all. You have to give them what they deserve and what they don’t deserve, or nothing at all. You have to decide who is lying and cheating on you and your people, and sometimes you have to lie and cheat your people as well. You have to…”
“I get it, I get it,” Geda said, holding up his hands as they approached the town hall near the edge of the park. “I do enough of that already.” He muttered.
“What?” The mayor asked, staring at him.
“As the innkeeper.” Geda said.
“Oh. Right, Geda,” The mayor said, still not quite certain what he meant by that as Geda pushed him inside town hall. He could be mayor, Geda thought slowly to himself, not quite believing everything that the mayor had to say, but what he had heard…he could manage that, right? It might not be so hard on him, considering his past experience, and certainly he could be a better mayor than this fellow here was.

The Old Man couldn’t stop laughing as he crouched in the corner of an alleyway, not far from where Geda and the mayor were, though he managed to suppress the sound of it. That was one good thing about being immortal, and furtive to boot—you could see a lot more of the people and the world around you, and you could learn everything about them, and see the humorous side of life as well. He had a lot to write about these days with everything that he had observed and heard about in his long, long lifespan.
He finally stopped laughing when he heard someone approach from the direction of the forest, and then he tried to shield himself as best he could with what little surrounded him, mostly trash and such left in the alleyway, until he heard a voice hiss, “Old Man.”
The Old Man paused, and lifted his head. “Iibala?” He asked.
“That’s me,” Iibala said, coming towards him.
“You’re almost as good as my daughter Nisa when it comes to sneaking around.” He remarked.
“I made too much noise again, didn’t I? Nisa commented on that.” Iibala said, stopping a short distance away from him. 
“Yes, you did. How did you know that I was here?” The Old Man asked. “You could not have spotted me like you have spotted Nisa before.” He said.
“You are right about that, clever. I have this sense,” Iibala remarked, hesitating a moment, “Where I can feel death coming, and most of the time it’s strongest around those who are going to die or are dying. But sometimes I feel it like a faint, constant background noise, because everything and everyone is going to die eventually. It’s natural and it’s only a matter of time. But with you, and to a significantly lesser extent, Nisa, it’s like a void.” Iibala said. “I cannot sense death around you, Old Man, because you do not die. And though there is some death surrounding Nisa, as she is part mortal, it’s hardly as much as it is with others. She carries a smaller void with her, but it is a void nonetheless.”
“A void.” The Old Man sighed, and shook his head. “I guess you can say that. What is it that you want, Iibala?” He asked.
“You were there the other night, when Kala came,” Iibala cleared her throat, “And you were not really sleeping.” She said. “I know that you were awake then, but I was so stunned with what Kala was saying, and that she was there at all…I could not stay to speak with you, but I still want to speak with you.” She said.
The Old Man sighed. “What more is there to speak about?” He asked, making a move to leave. “You already know so much more about what is happening here, more so than others, that I cannot say anything more to you that you do not already know about…”
“No!” Iibala cried, trying to block him from leaving. “I might know that Basha is the tiger, I might know that Kala is a ghost who haunts us still, I might know some of Kala’s story, but I still don’t know enough about you. What are your secrets, Old Man? What else are you hiding from us? And…” Iibala inhaled, and quickly asked, “Is there any way that I can help you protect Basha from here, or do whatever else needs to be done in his absence?”
The Old Man stopped, staring at her. “You are serious?” He asked.
“I am serious. I want to help.” Iibala told him. “Not that long ago, I despised both you and Nisa after I learned that you both were putting Basha in danger, or at least letting him walk into it without interference.” 
“That’s…” The Old Man said, and then hesitated. “Partly true, but not entirely, not always,” He added.
“But then I heard what Kala had to say, and I realized that part of what you do is for Basha’s benefit, to prevent him from knowing too much as you watch over him from afar.” Iibala said. “I do not agree with everything that you and Nisa do, but I can see that it is somewhat necessary for his survival and sanity.” 
“It’s nice to know that we are being appreciated.” The Old Man remarked.
“I’ve been talking to Mirari the healer about training me and Sisila to use our powers, but I haven’t told her anything about you.” Iibala added, just in case the Old Man got the wrong idea. “I want to be ready to help you, if my powers are useful to you in any way, especially since Nisa is gone now, following after Basha and Oaka. You did send her after them, right?” Iibala asked.
“Right,” The Old Man said, nodding slightly, still too stunned to say anything else.
“Good to know.” Iibala said, nodding. “And you still have a way to contact her?”
“Yes, although we don’t do it that often.” The Old Man remarked. “It takes a lot of magical power.” 
“You need magical powers?” Iibala asked. “Sisila and I have got some to spare!” She cried. “When do you need us?”
“Iibala, listen, I will contact you when I need your help, I promise,” The Old Man said, holding his hands up, “But for now, everything is fine. My advice…-”
“My father is not well.” Iibala said, frowning. “He got attacked by…”
“I know, I know, but currently, Basha and Oaka are well.” The Old Man sighed. “It was unfortunate, what happened with your father, but currently, I do not need your help. If I need your help, and Sisila’s help, I will contact you both. For now, I suggest that the best thing you two can do is to take care of your father, help him get well, and train. Improve your abilities with your powers.”
“That’s it?” Iibala asked.
“That’s it, that’s all you need to do, for now. Nisa and I have a handle on things, for now, despite the misfortune of your father.” The Old Man remarked. “I will contact you if I ever need anything from either one of you,” He said, quickly leaving before Iibala could get another word in edgewise. 
Iibala frightened him, to be honest. She was an unknown quantity, or at least she was a troublesome distraction at times, interfering with his work, or trying to get more involved in it. She was even worse than Brigga and Nisa had been, combined. She wasn’t a Follower of Doomba trying to sabotage him, he was fairly certain of that, although he had been wrong in the past, like when it came to Smidge. For now, though, he would try to steer clear of her, and hopefully she would steer clear of him. Perhaps he had thrown her off a bit, with his refusal to acknowledge how bad things were with Sir Nickleby getting hurt, although he did not want to throw her off entirely, just in case he did need her help with…the Old Man groaned to himself. It was so hard these days, trying to interact with ordinary people. How did ordinary people go about doing it everyday? Of course, they interacted with each other everday on a regular basis, so maybe that might explain how commonplace it might seem to them. He needed more practice.
Iibala felt offended and misused, in some sense, as the Old Man left her. She had wanted to get closer to the Old Man and Nisa in the past, to understand what was going on here with their stalking of Basha, but the more she found out, the more she was disturbed by the fact that these were the people who were guarding Basha and Oaka. Why couldn’t Basha and Oaka have better guards, considering what they were up against? Why couldn’t the Old Man and Nisa stop for a moment and realize that what they were doing was wrong?
Iibala didn’t have a clue what she would do if it was up to her to protect Basha from Doomba’s minions, but for one thing, she wouldn’t do what the Old Man and Nisa were doing! She would allow him some freedom from constant surveillance, and she would allow him to…Iibala groaned to herself. She wanted some reassurance that everything was well, that it was going to be all right, but nothing was well, was it? It was all so wrong. She just wanted everything to be normal again, but then again, nothing was ever normal, was it? It was all so very, very wrong.

“You welcome the guests with a slight curtsy, and then you ask them to follow you to the table with a nice smile,” The hostess said, leading Jawen down the aisle of tables at the only restaurant in town. “Make sure to pick out a table for them to sit at that has just been cleaned, or looks nice and clean. People like that nowadays.” The hostess said, stopping at a table. 
“You may pull out a chair for the ladies, but not the gentlemen. Gentlemen like to sit themselves down.” The hostess said. “Be sure to warn a lady if her chair is going to be pulled out from under her with a question, ‘Would you like me to pull out your chair for you?’ Saves a bit of a headache now and again with upset ladies. Are you listening, Jawen?”
“Yes, I am.” She said, nodding slowly. It was going to be her first day working at the restaurant after being hired yesterday. Not exactly her dream job, but all of the shops were either not hiring or thought she was not qualified enough to serve their customers. Basha would have probably said something funny about now. The restaurant would have to do for now. She wondered if Basha had ever tried to apply here.
“Pull out the chair only after you’ve asked for their permission, and be sure to smile and curtsy whenever you lead guests to their tables. Be sure it’s nice and clean as well.” Jawen said, repeating the hostess’s instructions with a sigh. Jawen had moved in with Sisila a few days ago, after getting tired of hearing her father complain and insult Basha. She was adjusting to living on her own, or at least moving away from her family and living with a roommate in a cramped cottage in the poorest part of town. She just had to get used to it, until--until it got better, somehow. Hopefully a good job might help, or at least a job of some sort like this one.
“Very good, Jawen,” The hostess said, walking off with Jawen right behind her. “You certainly are smart. Be sure to bring the menus from the hostess stand as well, as the guests need to know what they’re ordering just as much as you do. Some of the guests may say ‘the usual’ when you ask for their orders, because they don’t know that you’re new here and unaccustomed to taking their orders. You need to ask them exactly what they mean by that if you have a hard time understanding.”
The bell hung over the door--an annoying contraption she knew instantly--rang and the hostess cried, “Customer! You better go serve him or her this very moment!” She shooed Jawen towards the front of the restaurant.
Jawen hurried forward and grabbed a menu, curtseying and smiling at--Hastin, of all people on her very first day. He looked particularly well, not groomed like he might have been if he had expected to see her here, but perhaps he might have known somehow, and was trying to downplay this fact. “Welcome, we’re so glad you could join us for breakfast,” Jawen managed to say without dismay, leading Hastin to a clean table with a smile still fixed upon her face and wondering if Hastin was looking at her bottom when she couldn’t see him.
“Did you see the mayor just now?” Hastin asked on the way over to the table. “He was running around naked again this morning, until Geda caught him.”
“Hmm. No, I did not,” Jawen said, not looking back at him. “Though that probably was not a savory sight.”
“You’re right about that.” Hastin sat down, and she placed a menu down on the table without looking at him until he grabbed her hand. “How are you, Jawen?” He asked.
“Fine,” She said sharply, slipping her hand out of his grip and holding on to her smile. “Our special of the day--”
“What are you doing here?” Hastin asked.
“Working.” She said, and then continued, “Now, our special--”
“Did your father kick you out?” He asked.
“No, he did not, I left of my own accord.” Jawen gasped. “Where did you come up with such a thing?”
“Some of the boys were talking. They said you were living with my sister. Is that true?”
“Yes, it’s true, that’s one thing right.” Jawen scoffed.
“How is she?” Hastin asked, concerned.
“Sisila is fine, she’s managing,” Jawen said, glancing around to make sure the hostess was not listening to them. “She keeps yourself busy, you know, working on her sewing projects. It’s what she’s best at, her job as a seamstress. We don’t really talk that much about Basha or Oaka yet, it’s still too painful. She has been going out a lot by herself lately, but I think she just takes walks around the park or out into the fields to clear her head. Whatever she does, it seems to help her.”
“That’s good to know.” Hastin said, slumping down a bit.
“At least you do pay attention to her,” Jawen mutted, and continued, “Our speical of the day is two…”
“It is not always easy, you know.” Hastin said. “I haven’t been the best big brother in the world, I’ll admit that, but Sisila has always been a bit of a free spirit. You can’t control or tame Sisila. She’ll just run wild on her own. Dating Oaka was just like her. She wanted to move out of the house on her own. Our father supported her because he knew it was best, so that she would understand what it was like to be free and independent. And it has helped her.” He said.
“That doesn’t justify…she has been abandoned.” Jawen said. “I had to help her when Oaka left.”
“Are you helping her, or is she helping you?” Hastin asked.
“Don’t mock me like that.” Jawen said. “Our special for…”
“I am not mocking you.” Hastin said. “I am as concerned for you as I am for Sisila.”
Jawen stopped. “Thank you, Hastin.” She said softly, not quite believing it herself. She had told Hastin that she did not love him just before the Courtship ritual a few weeks ago, and he had left in a spate, but now here he was—moon-faced at her, and she was blushing at him. Get a grip, Jawen! She mentally yelled at herself. It had been a long ten days since Basha had left, and she was worried for him more than she could say as he remained lodged in her thoughts.
Though Hastin’s concern for her was flattering, and he might care for her still, she knew that he was looking for the chance to comfort her in a less than chaste way. Basha would not approve if she strayed while he was away, performing this quest for her. This was her quest as much as it was his, not that she had asked for it--she had just accepted it. Jawen would not stray, fall under Hastin’s sway, if she could prevent it. She just had to remain strong for Basha, malakel it. How long did she have to wait for him to come back?
The bell rang over the door again. “Oh, Hastin,” She said, sighing to herself. “Hold on a moment, I’m going to seat this customer, and then I’m going to take your order,” She said.
Hastin blubbered, “But I…”
“No buts! You took too long ordering, and now you’re going to have to wait!” Jawen insisted, leaving Hastin and going to the front of the restaurant.
“Welcome, we’re so glad you could join us today,” Jawen said, curtseying before she grabbed a menu. “Our special for the day--” She started to say, but stopped when she turned around to face--“Sisila!” She hissed.
“Hello, Jawen,” Sisila said, her voice low and miserable with eyelids drooping. “Could I speak to you for a moment?” Her hair was a mess, as if she had just gotten out of bed.
“Your brother’s here.” Jawen said, wondering if Sisila might be interested in seeing him today. “Do you want to go sit by him?”
“No, I don’t want to, I’ll only be here a moment.” Sisila said, a little stern as she shook her head. “I wanted to wish you good luck on your new job, and thank you for being a good friend these last couple of days.” She said, not quite convincingly when she wasn’t cheerful.
“You’re welcome, Sisila. Is there anything else the matter?” Jawen asked, worried as she crossed her arms. “How are you doing today?”
“To tell you the truth, I didn’t sleep well last night.” Sisila sighed. “Yesterday was sort of a bad day for me.” She said.
“What’s the matter? What happened?” Jawen asked.
“I’m not sure if it’s true.” Sisila whispered. “I heard something terrible and awful yesterday morning, and I’m not sure if it’s true. I don’t want it to be true, but she sounded so convinced, like she had seen--”
“What are you talking about, Sisila?” Jawen asked, feeling like they were going around in circles. “Who told you such a terrible, awful thing?”
Sisila looked up at her. “Iibala did. But I shouldn’t--”
“Iibala?” Jawen gasped. “Sisila, don’t you dare listen to a word that woman has to say.”
“But I didn’t…” Sisila started to say.
“I don’t care what it is, but whatever it is, Iibala is only trying to upset you.” Jawen said, gripping Sisila by the shoulders. “It’s her way of getting back at you for having a loving, caring relationship, like the kind that woman can never enjoy.” Jawen scoffed at Iibala, shaking her head. “Do you remember what she did to me? It was only a couple of weeks ago that Iibala nearly drove a wedge between me and Basha, but I will never forgive her for that. Don’t you dare believe a word that woman has to say to you, she is only lying. You got me?” She asked.
“I got you, but I don’t think…” Sisila started to say.
“Trust me, Sisila, and stay away from Iibala.” Jawen said. “Promise me that. She is only trying to use you for her own amusement. She loves inflicting pain and misery.” Jawen hissed.
Sisila frowned and sighed. “I trust you, Jawen, but I don’t think you understand that this is different. This is…”
“Believe me, I am only trying to look out for your own best interests.” Jawen said, rolling her eyes. Sisila was babbling, too flustered and frustrated to even understand what was going on here. Jawen saw reason, and reason told her Iibala was up to no good. “You’ve always had my best interests at heart, right?” She asked Sisila.
“Right. I’ve helped you out before.” Sisila said, cautious.
“Then promise me that you’ll stay from Iibala.”
“All right, all right, I promise you that I will stay away from Iibala, and I promise you that I’ll listen to you more in the future.” Sisila said for good measure. She sounded a little grumpy, but Sisila would soon see reason again.
“Thank you, Sisila.” Jawen smiled, letting her go. “You can stay here if you want to have some breakfast.” She said, motioning towards the interior of the restaurant.
“It’s fine, I’m going home.” Sisila said brusquely, turning towards the door. “I have some work to do, and it’s a waste of money for me to eat here. Thank you for listening to me, Jawen.”
“You’re welcome, Sisila,” Jawen said, the smile plastered onto her face as she was about to turn away, feeling better for having helped her friend.
“Stay away from Hastin!” Sisila called back at her before she left.
Jawen frowned and turned around, but Sisila was already gone, and so Jawen sighed and shook her head before she headed deeper into the restaurant, back to Hastin’s table to receive his order. She would remain strong, even without Sisila’s needless warning. After Hastin told her what he wanted for breakfast, Jawen went into the kitchen and faced Smidge. She handed over Hastin’s order without a word spoken, not wanting to get into any sort of conversation with Oaka’s disgusting uncle, and left to set up some more tables as Smidge prepared his ingredients.
Smidge heard a knock at the back door and paused a moment, wondering if he should answer. He finally did, only to discover that it was his brother. “Go away.” Smidge said.
“If I could only just…” Geda started to say.
“Go away!” Smidge shouted, slamming the back door shut and locking it for good measure. Geda stood there for a moment longer and finally shook his head, leaving when he felt like there was nothing more that could be done here. Perhaps he should try again another time, when things had cooled down a bit more between them. Maybe in a year or so.

“Goga, you have gone too far this time with your violent, unreasonable behavior,” Fobata said, pacing back and forth before his captain of the guards and Hava the scribe in the hallway just before the interrogation room. “Disturbing guests, and me most of all? Why couldn’t you have waited until morning to begin your search?” He asked.
“Because it couldn’t have waited until morning. Malakel it, Fobata, we had to find those youths before they got away from us,” Goga said, sneering, “And the woman who helped them escape. But it’s too late now, because they are no longer here with us. They got away.” He sniffed, and hacked up some phlegm. 
Hava gasped, staring at Captain Goga. How could the captain of the guards get away with talking like this to the lord of the castle, the Duke of Coe Aela? Oh, Captain Goga would be arrested and beheaded, and Hava would face the noose!
“So the whole search was worthless and pointless?” Fobata asked, shaking his head as he looked up at Captain Goga. “Malakel it, Goga, you are better than this. You have got to think before you act, haven’t you ever listened to me tell you this?”
Hava gasped again. He hadn’t expected this. Lord Fobata did sound disappointed in Captain Goga, to be sure, but it didn’t sound like he would be ordering the execution of the captain of the guards or of his secretary. What was going on here?
“I have listened to you, I have heard you speak.” Goga growled. “I had to search the grounds before I could be certain they were gone. It was the most I could do at the time as well, when my guards had to be mustered and armed. Otherwise I would have sent my guards out stumbling into the dark, unarmed and unprepared for this foray, and then we still would have lost the group. I was thinking at the time, not just blundering about.” He muttered, sniffling.
Marlo had said that Captain Goga was no ordinary captain of the guards, and that he could get away with practically anything when Lord Fobata had to be careful in handling him, but insubordination? How could Lord Fobata stand it? What made Captain Goga so untouchable, how did he get to be like this, and what did he have against Lord Fobata? What sort of captain was he?
“Well, it’s too late now,” Lord Fobata said, shaking his head. “ You’ve ruined my whole birthday celebration. All of my guests are bound to leave with more questions that I can’t answer, questions about why my guards woke them up in the middle of the night and tossed them out of their rooms to search through their piles of clothes and what not, because I can’t tell them that we’re just looking for a couple of youths who might be…”
“Never mind that.” Goga said, shaking his head. “This whole thing is pointless. You should not have let them into Coe Aela in the first place. You should have left them out there for the Black Wolves to eat.” He hacked up some more phlegm.
“I could not do that.” Lord Fobata said, staring at him. “I had to know my enemy. I had to know what we were dealing with here. Don’t tell me that you weren’t curious as well, Goga, about why we were forced to deal with these children?”
Hava glanced at Goga, curious as well. He had seen many strange things since coming to Coe Aela, and he had been a part of these strange affairs by Goga’s side, but the strangest of all had to be this one.
“I’ve seen these children,” Goga coughed. “And the way they act, and the Black Sword that one of them must have held…and I am telling you that these are no ordinary children.”
“We knew that, Goga. We knew that.” Fobata said.
“Not everybody did.” Goga smirked. “Or at least they pretended not to know.”
Hava whistled softly. Whoever would be facing Goga’s wrath would be in trouble.
“What is the matter with you, Goga?” Fobata asked as he and Goga turned to walk away.
“Just a cold, it’ll go away.” Goga said, waving Fobata away as Hava followed them.
“Are you sure you didn’t drink too much wine yesterday?” Fobata asked.
“Maybe a little bit, but it hasn’t affected my mind yet, nor does it make me suffer with this cold.” Goga said, and then sneezed. “I can take care of myself. I don’t need anyone’s help.”
Hava rolled his eyes, thinking that Goga had not been too proud to ask for the assistance of a scribe in keeping his records.
“I’m just worried, that’s all, thinking about the last time you lost control of yourself and your temper.” Fobata muttered.
“That was a mistake.” Goga said, turning to face his brother. “I can assure you, it won’t happen again. I won’t be so careless next time.”
“Maybe. Maybe.” Fobata said, wondering what exactly did Goga mean by that.

“Marlo, where are we going?” Janus asked as he and the steward strode through the halls of Coe Aela, even more empty than usual early in the morning.
“To see Goga.” The steward told him. “He wishes to question us on what you saw yesterday, regarding the youths who seem to have escaped Coe Aela.”
“Really? What happened?” Janus asked.
“They escaped. Don’t play cloy with me, Janus,” Marlo said, turning to him. “I trusted you. I trusted you on Hava’s word alone.” He looked down. “I should have been wiser. I should not have listened to the scribe,” He said, opening the door of a plain room containing nothing except an examination table, occupied by Lord Fobata, Captain Goga, and Hava the scribe, with two guards flanking them.
“Janus, you are brought forth here to answer questions regarding the testimony you gave to Marlo yesterday afternoon,” Goga said, trying to sound as judicial as possible reading a piece of paper Hava had just given him, and with his nose slightly stuffed up. The two guards went to close the doors behind Janus and Marlo. “Testimony regarding the youths who arrived here the day before yesterday, Markee 14th,” Goga said, already bored with the proceedings. “The report you gave to Marlo stated that the youths were mostly harmless, and that there was no need for alarm, but there was a need.”
“I saw none.” Janus said, looking up at him. “I saw these children at play.”
“Playing? What sort of games?” Goga asked, standing up to face him. “The only game I saw was the duel I had with the boy who had dark hair, and there was no playing there. He could fight, and he had skills.” He sniffed. “What makes you think that was mostly harmless?”
“He may be skilled at what he has learned, but can he fight in combat? Can he kill? I think not.” Janus said. 
“What do you mean by that?” Goga asked, eying Janus with cold calculation. “What makes you so sure?” Goga asked again as Hava wrote with a blind, furious passion, recording the interrogation.
Fobata blinked, slightly startled out of his own trance by this odd turn of events. Janus was displaying more intelligence than they had presumed a servant like him would possess, arguing for why he had assumed the youths were innocent. Fobata had been gazing off into the distance at the wall, not really paying attention to these proceedings that Goga had seemed to control, having been so wound up by the youths’ escape, but now Janus was upsetting Goga tremendously, and Fobata was amused by this affair.
“I’ve heard that, though a fighter must have skill in handling a weapon, he must also have the guts, the bravery, and the instinct to kill a man in battle. Would you say that young man who faced you could have killed you?” Janus asked.
“Maybe not.” Captain Goga said, sitting down as Fobata smiled. “However, that does not mean the potential to kill isn’t there,” Goga continued, “If it is cultivated, if it is allowed to grow. And that young man had the potential, in him and in all of his young friends. They also had a weapon beyond compare, one that could have caused much damage in careless hands, and be even deadlier if they were capable of killing others.” Goga wiped his nose.
“Maybe you should be glad then that they are not yet capable of killing others.” Janus said, sounding almost careless.
“Not yet anyway,” Goga said, glaring at him.
“Gentlemen.” Lord Fobata said, speaking up for the first time since Janus had entered the room. “Perhaps we should discuss this philosophical matter another time, much as we have enjoyed it,” Fobata said, looking around. “We must proceed with the case at hand to determine if he had anything to do with the escape of the youths, not the logistics of whether or not they were capable of wrong-doing.”
They proceeded with Janus defending himself as he established an alibi for himself of working in the kitchen around the time the group must have escaped Coe Aela, and this was confirmed with reports from other servants who were brought forward. Janus also had to confirm that he had no contact whatsoever with the group during their stay here, and this led to a questioning of his appointment as a spy on behalf of Marlo, which led to Hava’s name being brought up as Hava had first suggested it. Goga glared at Hava, who shrunk down into his chair, and then the scribe had to be called forth as a character witness to Janus. 
Eventually Goga dismissed Janus with a cursory wave of his hand as no proof could be found of Janus having aided the youths, and no charge was filed against Janus when he had fulfilled his duties to the best of his abilities, however wrong he might have been. Janus walked out of the interrogation room, leaving Marlo. 
Marlo was also questioned briefly as to any concern he might have had for Janus performing his duties as a spy, and also if he had aided the youths somehow. But Marlo defended Janus to the best of his abilities, and everyone trusted Marlo, even Goga, so that it was not seriously believed that the steward could have had a hand in the youths’ escape. Marlo was dismissed, and walked out of the interrogation room as Goga ordered that the servant women should be fetched and questioned with a sneeze.
Marlo walked down the hallway alone for awhile, and then stopped. “Who are you, Janus?” Marlo asked after a moment of silence.
Janus sighed, and slipped out of his hiding place in one of alcoves. “That depends on what you mean by that.” He said, staring at Marlo. “You know that I am a servant under your command. If you suspect me of anything in the first place, it is within your power to inform your superiors.”
“Don’t tempt me, Janus, it may be just as you deserve.” Marlo shook his head. “I did not say anything about you or what I suspected. I must be crazy.” He said. “Where are you going?”
“The blacksmith’s shop.” Janus said.
“I’m coming with you.” Marlo said. Janus said nothing, but allowed Marlo to walk alongside of him.
“I am not comfortable with the state of affairs around here, Janus.” Marlo continued as they turned a corner. “It is not unusual to have unrest, but there appears to be more force behind it. For me, your very presence is an act of open rebellion.” Marlo said, turning to face Janus. “You may be clever, but you are not clever enough to pass yourself off as subordinate. Or you are losing touch with your subordinate side. You seem to treat all of this as if it were a game. There are lives at risk here. None of this can end well.” Marlo said.
“Then why do you protect me? Why do you say nothing?” Janus asked. 	
“Don’t tempt me!” Marlo snarled. “I have never been a man to condemn another for defiance. Yet I have never been an insubordinate man either. It is a paradox.” Marlo said after a moment of silence. “For most of my adult life, my foremost loyalty has laid with Coe Aela. When I was young, I first served in order to get myself promoted. Then I was obliged to uphold my loyalty to keep myself and my family safe. Now, in my old age, I work out of force of habit.”
Marlo continued as they turned a corner again, “My own daughter despised Coe Aela and its ways. And then, when the lady of the household, Lady Niobe, died, those circumstances were abhorred by my Ravona.” He sighed. “Those were horrible, terrible, and miserable circumstances, I am not saying otherwise. At my daughter’s insistence, I cajoled His Grace to transfer her. Perhaps against his better judgment, Lord Fobata did so. She has been gone for 10 years now, a lady-in-waiting at Coe Kiki. She has barely visited me in all those years, and writes only infrequently. My last letter informed me that she was pregnant, and that was several months ago, probably a year. She would have had the baby by now, my only grandchild, and I do not even know if it is a boy or girl.” Marlo sighed as they reached the main doors of Coe Aela. “I don’t blame her.” He said as they went out into the front bailey, “Yet I have little doubt as to her activities in Coe Kiki,” Marlo said at last. 
Janus stopped and waited. He had walked slowly alongside the old man all of this way, careful not to get too far ahead or to let the old man go faster than was necessary.
“But, since her own reasons are righteous, and she is of my blood, I will give you a chance.” Marlo said, turning to Janus. “I will keep my eye on you. You must try to be more careful and not careless of your actions. Don’t leave any proof behind. You could be indicted for inciting rebellion if you are caught, and that could be the least of your charges. I will try not to catch you, but I cannot say the same of others.” They stopped near the blacksmith shop.
“Such advice from you, a man of principle, shall be highly regarded.” Janus said coolly, almost sarcastically, but Marlo did not flinch. “As for your troubles, with your daughter, I believe that they could be resolved, if given the chance.” Janus said, softer. “Both you and your daughter are only doing what you think is right.”
“I thank you for your kind words, whoever you are.” Marlo grimaced. “I know that I am not always doing the right thing. You know, I almost recognize you, or you seem familiar to me.” He frowned. “Who are you? When did I see you last?” He asked.
Janus paused, staring at Marlo. “What do you mean? We met just the other night. My name is Janus.” He said softly.
“No, before that, in your other life.” Marlo insisted.
“A long time ago. That was a very long time ago,” Janus growled, leaning close so that Marlo could see the frozen face caught between youth and old age, the frozen face the steward could just barely recognize as it had left such an indelible mark upon him so long ago. “You recognize me now?” Janus asked. “I first met you when you were a young man, Marlo, and I was just the same as I am now.” Janus said. “The name I had then was Cannon. No longer.”
“‘The mark of Doomba is upon Cannon’.” Marlo whispered. “That is what we used to say about you. It was a sign of respect.” He said, lowering his head.
“Respect? Doomba did not respect me then.” Janus said, recoiling. “To him, I was just another source of power, a cog in his machinery.” He scoffed. “In another lifetime, I did not always do the right thing either, but now I am learning to do some good, and serve my king.” Janus said, moving away from Marlo. “You will see me again.” The man formerly known as Cannon warned.
Janus sat upon a barrel in front of the blacksmith shop, the smithy, apparently waiting for someone or something to come out of Coe Aela, and did not look at the steward again. Marlo shuddered to himself, and moved away from the blacksmith shop, too frightened to ask any more questions of Cannon. He might believe what this fellow had to say. He returned to the castle.
Chapter 13: Revelations
Secrets are everywhere if you know where to look,
Secrets hide inside books, hearts, minds and more,
When secrets are a part of who we are and sustain us as
The truth is sometimes too hard to bear, blunt and true.
--Secrets, Pinal

Running all night long, not certain where they were going except south, as far south as they could get away from Coe Aela before they collapsed in exhaustion with the rising of the dawn, they managed to find a hollow in the forest, behind a sunken, fallen tree, and fell asleep for a few hours, their pillows their bags and each other. Fato nestled up in a tree, snoring loudly as morning rose even higher. Finally, with flies buzzing about them, someone stirred and woke. 
Oaka swatted at some flies and rolled over, his hand brushing up against the Blue Sword in the process. “Ow!” Oaka cried, startled awake by a pulse he had felt that had seared his hand, once he got a close look at it. “What is this?” He cried.
Monika woke up reluctantly, followed by Basha and Gnat as they all had to extract themselves from the pile they had formed in their slumbers. “I don’t know. What’s wrong?” Monika asked, yawning.
“Your Blue Sword did this to me!” Oaka said, holding out his hand towards Monika.
Monika examined the burn on his hands. “It did? How is that possible?” She asked, wide awake now as Basha and Gnat groggily followed the conversation.
“Oh, go back to sleep!” Fato called from above as Basha went off into the bushes to relieve himself. “I was having a wonderful dream about hands.” Fato muttered.
“Hands? What are we talking about?” Gnat asked.
“Hands and feet, my hands and feet.” Fato added, smiling.
 “I don’t know, it shocked me!” Oaka gasped, talking to Monika, as the others weren’t making any sense. “Like a little fire, or a lightning bolt, it burned me!”
“It’s not the shock from static, certainly.” Monika said. “It’s like…did you burn yourself with your powers, Oaka? Your fire power?”
“No, I didn’t.” Oaka said. “I never…I don’t burn myself when I wield it, and I don’t think I’m conscious enough when I’m asleep to use my powers. I think you have to be awake to use magic, even inadvertantly.”
“That’s probably true.” Monika said as Basha came back from the bushes.
“Your Blue Sword did that to me, and I don’t know why.” Oaka said. 
“Maybe it’s because you’re Menthar.” Fato remarked from above.
“Shut up! I’m not Menthar!” Oaka cried. “Just because I have those powers doesn’t make me the same as--”
“Maybe Fato has a point.” Monika said. “Maybe it’s because you have your powers and I have my powers--let’s put it to the test.” She said, glancing around at everyone. “Basha, bring out the Black Sword. We’re going to see who gets shocked with what.”
They tested--Oaka got burned with both the Black and Blue Swords, Monika got burned with only the Black Sword, and somehow Gnat and Basha did not get burned at all. Although Gnat did mention that she had felt a sense of unease touching the Black and Blue Swords, like they did not belong to her, and Basha had to agree with her sentiment when it came to touching the Blue Sword--he could hold it, but it did not belong to him, it just did not feel right to use the Blue Sword--they could touch both Swords.
“What does this all mean?” Oaka asked.
“Basha and Gnat seem to have the ability to touch all of the Swords,” Monika said, “Without getting shocked. Although they may feel some discomfort, they have the ability to wield all of the Swords if need be. We might have to test this some more if we get other Swords, but I have a feeling that--”
“This is ridiculous.” Basha said, starting to feel like this was some kind of a trap. “We should just get something to eat, and then get out of here.”
“I know what you mean.” Oaka muttered. Was he jealous? Oaka shouldn’t feel jealous about this, when it was a horrible thing to be good at in some regard. 
Basha said, as he grabbed his pack, “I didn’t ask for this. We didn’t ask for this, did we, Gnat?” He turned to the younger girl. He was not alone in this ability, at least, that would have frightened him most of all. Gnat was also involved in this as well, although he did not know why she was. Perhaps it had something to do with her parents if the ability to wield magic was inherited?
“I don’t know what your problem is,” Gnat said, shrugging. “I didn’t ask for this power, or whatever it is, but I certainly do like it!”
“What?” Basha said, shocked as he got out some food. “Gnat, don’t you understand that what we’ve got--it’s out of our control?” He asked, passing some of his food to her.
“It’s our control, Basha, that’s the whole point.” Gnat said, grabbing what he offered her. “Don’t you see? We can control the Swords of Arria! It does sound kind of amazing, once you do think about it, doesn’t it?” She laughed as she took a bite. “I’ve never had that experience before of being able to control anything in my life.”
Basha groaned. “The problem is, where does it all come from? How did we get this ability?” He asked Gnat. Gnat shrugged as she took another bite. “What about your parents?” Basha asked her.
“Who cares? All hail the great and powerful Gnat and Basha!” Fato laughed from above.
“Shut up!” Basha cried, picking up a pebble and throwing it at the bird.
“Cut it out!” Monika said, grabbing Basha’s hand. Basha stopped, staring at Monika.
“No, keep doing it,” Oaka remarked, laughing. Fato and Oaka started arguing again at this point before the falcon flew off. Monika said nothing as she let go of Basha’s hand, turning away from him, but Basha blushed a little bit.
“I’ve never had any parents, I never knew them, Basha,” Gnat said, looking up at him as she continued the conversation they were having. “I was an orphan baby left outside the gates of Coe Aela, or so they told me.” She shrugged, chewing. “I’m not certain if it’s true or not. Wouldn’t a guard have seen my mother or father dropping me off? Would they, the people of Coe Aela, have opened the gate for a guard or someone to come out and pick me up?” She swallowed. “I’m half certain they would have left me out there if they had spotted me on the ground. I think I was born inside Coe Aela, but nobody would claim me as their child.” Gnat shrugged again, taking another bite. “I don’t know if it’s true or not, I don’t know why they would lie to me about it, but it’s all I’ve got.” She said, swallowing again.
Basha stared at her, shocked at the similarities in their stories. Parents who had abandoned or left them after birth, missing or dead, as they were raised by others, often forced to deal with hard tasks and face questions they had no real answer to. Where did all of this lead to? “I’m sorry, Gnat,” Basha said, eating slowly.
“They’re the ones who should be sorry, the people of Coe Aela, especially Lord Fobata and Captain Goga.” Gnat said. “They’re the ones who thought that I was just a puppy, with my tail tucked between my legs. They thought that I should be eager and dutiful to Fobata for having been brought into his care, but I knew the truth, that they had lied to me somehow. They had named me Gnat to let me know how insignificant I was, and for awhile I did believe that part, but then my act became my demeanor. For I knew that as long as I acted inconspicuous, dumb, and humble, basically humiliated, I could avoid their notice most of the time. And it worked, for the most part, and I survived, by myself, no matter what they threw at me.” She said.
 “We should get going,” Monika muttered, crossing her arms as she started to get uncomfortable with this whole situation. “Before Goga and his men catch up with us.” But nobody moved as they didn’t want to leave just yet, tired from last night and this situation. Oaka grabbed his own pack, and Monika followed suit, as they broke their fast with the food inside.
“What bothers you, Basha?” Gnat asked, staring at him after a moment of silence.
“I don’t want to be powerful.” Basha said, sitting down on the ground with a thud. “I’m an orphan, Gnat, the same as you are, not knowing my own parents. My mother died in childbirth bringing me into this world, and my father might have died before, but she didn’t really tell much about herself. I was raised by Oaka’s family. We’re practically brothers, but not the same. I didn’t know the truth until I was eight years old.” Basha said, looking up at Gnat staring down at him in horror. 
“I know that sometimes I do feel helpless, and I wish I could do something, to be great enough for Jawen’s attention.” Basha said. “But this is beyond anything I ever could have imagined. I don’t want to wield the power of the gods, the Swords of Arria. I just wanted Jawen to notice me, and love me, and marry me. That’s all I ever really wanted.” He sighed.
“Ugh.” Oaka said, rolling his eyes after swallowing. “The same old tune.”
“What is the matter with you?” Monika hissed at Oaka.
“This is how he always is when it comes to Jawen, and himself,” Oaka muttered. “You’ll soon learn.”
“Who is Jawen?” Gnat asked Basha.
“I started out on this quest to get Jawen Tau’s Cup. Jawen is a girl I love in Coe Baba who said she would marry me if I got her this prize.” Basha told Gnat, ignoring Oaka and Monika. “And now it seems we’re veering off further and further away from that. The farther I get from Coe Baba, the more involved I seem to be getting in some crazy scheme with Doomba’s Followers and Swords of Arria and…oh no.” He said with a laugh, slapping himself in the face helplessly as everyone else stared at him. 
He couldn’t believe he had not seen this before. It was obvious in some ways, if you paid attention to the legends. But real life was not like the legends, and once you got distracted by mundane concerns, like keeping yourself alive, you forgot about the legends. But the legends, the stories that the Old Man had told him and that he had read in books for so many years, were locked away inside his head, only to be revealed when they were needed, when they were ready to come out of hiding.
“What is it, Basha?” Gnat asked, worried about his manic behavior.
“This sounds like…this is going to sound really ridiculous now…” Basha said, laughing as he started to stand up. “This sounds like something the Knights of Arria would be involved in.”
Oaka, Monika, and then Gnat stared at each other for a long moment after he had turned towards them. “What?” Basha asked, serious now as he realized that something was wrong. 
He had seen such looks on Monika’s and Oaka’s faces yesterday, when he had told them about what Gnat had said…oh, no, they could not possibly believe that this was possible. And yet he was standing here before them with the Black Sword in his pack, not to mention Monika’s pack containing the Blue Sword, two of the Swords of Arria…No, no, no, no, it could not be true.
“Could it be?” Gnat asked, almost excited.
“It might be true.” Monika said morosely.
“No, no, I don’t want it to be true.” Basha said, looking down as he sat down again. “We can’t be Knights of Arria!” He cried. “It’s impossible! The Knights of Arria were thousands of years ago, they were myths, legends, beings of enormous strength and magic. They were heroes of the past, but not the present!” He struggled to come up with the right words to describe them. He never had thought much about how they came to be, they just were, part of the legends. The others stared at him, shocked by his reaction.
“New Knights of Arria don’t get made, they don’t just pop up out of nowhere!” He said. “The Knights of Arria were born with the power, with the strength necessary to do good, to bring justice to the world. They were born with the legend, with the land, they were just…There!” He cried. “Right when we needed them, they were just a part of everything! We’re just average people, compared to them, we’re nothing like them!” He said.
It was starting to unravel, his whole world, like it had when he was 8 years old and he had found out his parents were not his own. The hard truth won out against the soft lies that had protected him for all of these years.
“Face facts, Basha,” Oaka said, coming over to sit down beside his brother. “The possibility does exist. I’ll admit that this does sound far-fetched, and I don’t understand half of it yet myself, but if these Swords of Arria do belong to you and Monika, or whatever, and if Doomba, who has ‘power over man and beast’, is trying to stop you…something is going on here beyond this quest, or Fato’s message about Lord Fobata.” Oaka said.
Basha looked up. “You heard the prophecy that I got from the Oracle of Mila?” He asked. “You listened to me and Monika reading it, the morning after Monika decided to join us?”
“Yes. That is kind of why I suspected Monika was a Follower of Doomba in the first place,” Oaka remarked, glancing back at her. Uh-oh.
“You thought that I was…” Monika started to say, offended, as Gnat gasped.
“I heard it, the part of man and beast, and I started to wonder why you weren’t telling Basha everything you suspected when I knew you knew more than you were saying. I thought it made sense to me. I’m sorry.” Oaka said. At least he was apologizing.
“Don’t be.” Monika sighed, grimacing. “I suppose it does make sense, if you were thinking that way, and I suppose you were trying to protect Basha,” She said, throwing up her hands in disgust, flinging crumbs. “Even if you were keeping secrets from him as well.” She accused. What was she…oh, right.
“Well, I was…I had to be careful.” Oaka told Monika as he stood up and faced her. “I figured you might try and prevent me from telling Basha, if I gave myelf away to you, and I had to be careful with Basha, who didn’t exactly trust me then.” Oaka remarked. “He had a right to when I had threatened to leave him before.” He glanced back at Basha. “I’m sorry about that before. I should have been braver.” Oaka added.
“You were…” Gnat said, shocked at Oaka’s behavior, and then shook her head before she covered up her mouth. “Oh my goodness, this is all so weird and exciting.” She said. “I never thought I would be involved in something like this before.”
“Okay, okay,” Basha said, standing and holding his hands up to step in and prevent another fight between Oaka and Monika. “Calm down, everyone. Oaka, I’m sorry if I ever doubted or ignored you in any way. And Monika, I’m sorry that Oaka acted this way towards you. I know that whatever reasons you had for concealing the truth were your own, and Oaka’s case is just the same. Can’t we get all of this settled, once and for all?” He asked.
“I’m sorry.” Oaka and Monika both said at the same time, and then glared at each other before they stared down at the ground, embarrassed.
“That’s better.” Basha said, a little tense with all of this arguing. “I think we should just forget about all of this Knights of Arria nonsense. Even if we have their Swords, and even if Black Wolves and Followers of Doomba are pursuing us, I think we should just focus on what we know for now, and get going again as soon as Fato returns. Why speculate about this now when we are in such grave danger?” He asked.
“Because speculating might just save us, Basha, and might lead us to new ideas.” Oaka said, turning to his brother. “Because speculating is the one thing that we can do, right here and now, to understand this mess that we have gotten ourselves into. I wanted to say before that I figured out the Doomba part in the Oracle’s prophecy with the Black Wolves chasing us, and this gruelmoff that tried to attack us when we were young, Basha, tried to attack you,” Oaka insisted, “The one that I told you to forget about then, but it was the one that we saw the Old Man fight off, with his bare hands and some kind of whip thing. He was involved. The Old Man was involved from the start, wasn’t he?” Oaka asked, staring up at Basha. “He knew about the Knights of Arria after all.”
Oh my goodness, how did he not see this before? Basha stopped as the idea started to slap him in the face. “He knew? The Old Man knew?” Basha said out loud. “Oaka, the night of the Courtship ritual, he came up to me, just after he finished telling the story of how Za and Wan were created, the very first humans, with Tau’s Cup, and he asked me if Tau’s Cup was worth more than anything else in the world and I said no to him. I was thinking of Jawen then.” He said, excited as he was already starting to figure out what was going on here, or at least part of it anyway. 
“He planted it.” Oaka gasped. “He planted the seed, the very germ of the idea that you would ask for Jawen with Tau’s Cup. He knew that you would, you had nothing else, he practically suggested it to you!”
“And there’s something else!” Basha said, remembering. “The Old Man, he said in the town council chambers, when they held the meeting the next day, he said that I should go see the Oracle of Mila to have my decision made. And then when the Old Man accompanied me, he told me the story of how the Knights of Arria, when they arrived in this country, the first town they came to was Coe Baba!” He cried.
Oaka gasped, grabbing Basha by the shoulders and practically shaking him. “Do you know what this means? The Old Man, he must have known the Knights of Arria when they passed through Coe Baba, or maybe he was even one of them! Basha, this is crazy.”
“I know this is impossible, and yet I can’t believe I’m starting to believe it!” Basha cried and laughed, jumping up and down with Oaka, as Monika and Gnat stared at them both. 
“Basha, Oaka, what is all of this about?” Monika asked, stopping them when they were starting to scare her and Gnat. “You can’t--the Old Man is this storyteller you were telling me about, Basha, when I passed through your town, right? What is all of this?”
“The Old Man is key to all of this,” Basha said, turning to her and Gnat. “The way things were set up, it was as if the Old Man knew that I would have to go on this quest for Tau’s Cup. He even suggested it and made certain that I would go. Possibly so that I would get the Black Sword and become a Knight of Arria?” He asked, and then laughed at himself. “A Knight of Arria, this is ridiculous.”
“Basha, but that…how could he have known you would get the Black Sword?” Monika asked. “It doesn’t quite connect!”
“I don’t know. Maybe because he asked the Oracle of Mila, or maybe because he had some sort of knowledge of his own for being not just a regular storyteller, but possibly one of the Knights of Arria himself?” Basha told Monika. She seemed skeptical, and he didn’t blame her, so he continued, “I told you the Old Man was ancient, that he had probably been around for as long as Coe Baba existed, but I never told you how he had once fought off a gruelmoff that tried to attack me and Oaka when we were young. The strength he had shown then, it was impossible for him to have done such a thing if he was completely old and frail. Never had he shown himself capable of doing something like that, before or since. It was like he was protecting us from Doomba.” Basha said.
“This is confusing.” Gnat muttered.
“I know!” Oaka said, interrupting Basha’s conversation with Monika, and then sobered up a little bit. “Basha, the Old Man knew all of this time, ever since we were children, that you would be…I don’t know if he knew exactly what, one of the Knights of Arria or even carrying the Black Sword, neither do I, but he must have suspected or known somehow that something was amiss. That you and me, or just you, would be in trouble, in danger because of Doomba and his minions chasing after us. Basha, how could he have known that? What did he know? And why would he have protected us?” Oaka asked.
“I don’t know.” Basha repeated, suddenly serious as well when a new thought had struck his head, almost as outlandish as the Old Man’s involvement. “And what if Nisa has been following me as well?” He asked. “Following me until I needed some help. What if that was her back at Coe Aela, in the grand banquet hall, and then helping Gnat get the Black Sword back? And what if she has been following me for a long time as well? Following me not just since I left Coe Baba, but since I was living in Coe Baba, just like the Old Man.”
“The Old Man was following you?” Oaka asked.
“How else could he have known about the gruelmoff attack unless he was right there, watching or waiting for us?” Basha asked.
“This is disturbing.” Monika muttered, shaking her head as she paced around. “The Old Man following you your whole lifetime, and now Nisa, without your knowledge? This is disturbing, no one should be able or allowed to do that, not even your parents. Who knows what else they might have seen?” She asked. “They might have been following us together back in Coe Baba, when you were showing me about the town. No wonder I felt so strange there. I do not like being followed.” She said.
“I know.” Basha grimaced and blushed, remembering a few embarrassing minutes he had experienced in his own lifetime that he had never wanted anybody else to see. “No one should have that kind of freedom when it takes away from your own, disturbing your privacy.” He remarked.
“Does the Old Man, or Nisa even, have your best interests at heart?” Monika asked.
“Probably not always,” Basha said, looking away, “If they knew I would be risking my life like this and never told me…they could have at least warned me.” Basha grimaced and sighed. “I don’t know what to think anymore.”
“And what if Nisa was the Old Man’s daughter?” Gnat asked, getting involved in the conversation. Everyone stared at her. “Nisa did tell me that she had heard about the Black Sword from her father, and Basha, you said--”
“Eeewww...” Oaka said, shaking his head. “Imagine a 3,000 year old man or something like that sleeping with Brigga, with a daughter coming out of it.”
“Don’t even think about it.” Basha said, shuddering and shaking his head. “Let’s not even talk about this stuff anymore, it is disturbing.” He said.
They heard the flapping of wings, and looked up to see Fato returning. “What is going on here?” The falcon asked, and then seemed nonplussed as everybody else started laughing helplessly. Fato rolled his eyes and sighed.

Janus sat on the barrel, and waited for an hour, watching the castle doors as people, mostly guards but a few guests and some servants as well, walked in and out of Coe Aela’s keep, conversing with each other or just going about their business, until one person in particular came out through those doors. Janus sat up straighter and watched as she shaded her eyes from the sunlight, and came towards him, wobbling a little bit as she crossed the front bailey. He stood up and went towards her, meeting her halfway as she seemed about ready to collapse.
“They didn’t suspect me,” Nisa whispered, leaning towards him as he wrapped his arms about her to keep her upright. “Or at least I don’t think so.” Nisa whispered.
“How are you?” Janus asked.
“Fine, thank you,” Nisa said, glancing up at him. “It could have been worse.” She sighed, pushing herself away from him. They had gotten to know each other better yesterday and last night before the guards had come to take her away, but Nisa didn’t trust him completely yet. “I need to get out of here.” She said.
“I don’t think that’s possible, or at least not yet.” Janus said. “The guards are going to be watching us even more closely than before. If a servant, especially a woman, tries to leave Coe Aela in the next few days, they will probably kill her before she gets out of the gate.”
“They are getting away from me.” Nisa insisted. “I need to catch up with them.” She sighed. “I have not exactly been the best bodyguard in the last couple of days. I had to stay behind to help Sir Nickleby and fend off the Black Wolves, and then I was informed that I should go on ahead, to Coe Aela, to infiltrate the castle and wait for them to come. I missed whatever happened in Coe Anji, and now they have this girl Monika, the falcon Fato, and the Black Sword with them. I am a complete wreck, I have messed things up so completely--”
“They got away, Nisa.” Janus said, gripping her by the shoulders and staring her in the face. “I don’t know how, but with Gnat by their side, they got away. And at least they have the Black Sword with them. I think it is for the best.” Janus said. “You had to let them go on sometime without you, and with what you have done for them, I think they will be ready to face whatever lies ahead for them.”
“But it is not enough, Janus.” Nisa whispered, and shook her head as she looked away from him. “I have to be certain.” She said.
“Then wait.” Janus said. “Wait just a few more days, and then you can go. With me by your side, and all of the servants of Coe Aela.”
“What are you talking about?” Nisa asked, turning to him.
“This is the final straw for the servants’ rebellion.” Janus grinned. “With the way Goga, Fobata, and Goga’s guards treated the servant women, they will not tolerate this any longer. They will be ready to stand, fight if they have to, but they will march out of Coe Aela, and go all the way to Coe Kiki. And you can catch up with them, your group. They are going to Coe Kiki, are they not?”
“Yes, but they will be too far ahead of us, Janus.” Nisa said.
“Perhaps not. They are on foot?”
“So are we.” Nisa said.
“Ah, but they will be stopping there at Coe Kiki, and perhaps at other places along the way,” Janus said, wrapping his arms about her, “If they need supplies or if they need to rest. Though we will be a large crowd of people, with elderly and young alike slowing us down, we may have horses. And that will make traveling easier for you.” Janus said.
Nisa groaned and threw her hands up in the air, but it was the best chance she had at this rate. And perhaps she did not mind so much if Janus was with her.

“Pack everything you need!” Goga cried, striding through the barracks of Coe Aela as his men rushed about, gathering weapons, clothes, and sundry items into their packs. “We should have been gone by now! We leave in an hour!” He sniffed. “Be prepared for several days’ worth of travel. I don’t care how long it takes! I don’t know when we will be coming back to Coe Aela, but I am not coming back without the heads of those youths.”
“Are we going to kill them?” Hava asked, turning to Goga.
“I would much rather kill them.” Goga shrugged, wiping his nose. “Makes things easier. Fobata wouldn’t like it, I’m sure, but that’s why we are in this mess.” Goga turned to one of the soldiers who did not seem as busy as the others. “You, go to the kitchen and confiscate as much food as you can.” Goga said, gesturing. “Take three of the men with you, and don’t be afraid to use a little force if a servant tries to stop you.” Goga smiled.
“Sir!” One of the guards cried, coming up to Goga. “We need more horses. Currently we have only twenty--”
“Confiscate them!” Goga cried. “All of the horses in the stables, confiscate them! We will pay back their owners later!” He shook his head. “Why can’t you men think for yourselves?” He asked.
The guard nodded, and went off again. “I don’t understand how they could have escaped,” Goga muttered to himself, pacing back and forth with Hava still following him. “Everything was locked up tighter than a drum, and everything was being watched--wasn’t everything being watched?” He asked himself, staring straight ahead.
“Sir, I’m sure you did your best.” Hava said.
“My best wasn’t good enough.” Goga said, shaking his head. “This cold is bothering me. I want them back, I want the Black Sword back.”
“Were you--” Hava blinked. “Did you have the Black Sword with you?” Hava asked. “I thought you would have, or should have, given it to Lord Fobata.”
“The Black Sword does not belong to him. It belongs to me.” Goga said, striding away from Hava. “I found it, I should keep it.”
“But sir, Lord Fobata is your lord, he--”
“He and I are equals!” Goga cried, turning to Hava. “He was just born to a better station than me because he was born earlier than me!”
“What do you mean by that, Captain Goga?” Hava asked.
“He is my brother.” Goga said, turning away.
“You are--brother to the Duke of Coe Aela--” Hava gasped, realizing now why Goga was no ordinary captain of the guards, why he was allowed to be insubordinate and untouchable to Lord Fobata--an equal on almost every level to the lord, except one. No wonder Goga hated Fobata.
“And I should have been the Duke of Coe Aela.” Goga hissed, striding away from Hava. “I would have been a better Duke than him!” Goga cried.
The guards in the barracks didn’t even flinch at hearing Goga’s treasonous words—men loyal to Goga, but not to Fobata, perhaps? Hava shivered, wondering what could make this instability he had found here in Coe Aela even worse.

“Your Grace?” Marlo the steward called, ascending the winding staircase to the tallest turret of Coe Aela. “Your Grace? I hope you’re up there.” He muttered, his knees protesting.
“Yes, Marlo, I’m up here.” Fobata’s voice called back. “Sorry you have to walk up here after me. Do you want to wait until I come down?”
“No, your Grace, I’ll come up to you.” Marlo said, still continuing. “Good exercise.” He muttered. Marlo reached the top and sighed, collapsing on the last couple of steps, watching Lord Fobata gaze off towards the distant mountains in the south. If he peered hard enough, Marlo could see the dot receding towards the horizon.
“I sent the gruelmoff to Doomba.” Lord Fobata said, leaning against the windowsill. “To tell him of what has happened. He may know already, but sometimes he doesn’t always know what exactly occurred.”
“What do you know of Doomba’s sight?” Marlo asked, thinking about Janus and the secrets that they shared.
“He sees much, but not always enough,” Fobata shrugged. “I’ve heard tell he sees the possibilities of actions, of what might happen, but he doesn’t always see the result of what does actually occur. It’s as if there is too much for him to see, when it comes to the possibilities of actions.” Fobata sighed. “I wish I had such sight.” He said.
“I have taken an account of all the servants, after Goga released the last female servants,” Marlo said, continuing on with business as he did not wish to hear anymore about Doomba when it frightened him. “To be certain that none were missing, and I have accounted for nearly everyone--except for Gnat.”
“Gnat?” Fobata said, slowly turning around to face Marlo.
Marlo slowly nodded. “I believe so. She’s gone, my lord. Probably with those youths.” He muttered the last.
“Gnat. I saved her life.” Fobata said, turning around to face the south. “I saved her life when she would have been killed, died, and I gave her a home, here. I provided her with food and clothing, training and education in a useful manner, as a servant, for all of these years. She was a servant, but she was well treated compared to other servants. She should have been happy. She should have been pleased with her lot in life, when it could have been a lot worse.” Fobata said, shaking his head. “A lot worse. I saved her life, and this is how she repaid me? Gnat was probably the one who knocked Goga out and stole the Black Sword for the Knights.” He whispered, stunned by this last thought.
“Are you sure, sir?” Marlo asked. “Goga said that it was an older woman--”
“Gnat was probably the one. Goga was probably sick or drunk, maybe both, before he was knocked out by her, and it messed with his head.” Fobata said, waving Marlo’s interjection aside. “He interviewed all of those other women for nothing, and now we might just have a riot on our hands, thanks to him.” Fobata muttered, shaking his head. “Goga never knew when it was best to act. Gnat,” Fobata addressed thin air now, holding out his hands. “How could you do this to me? I could strangle you right now if you were here with me,” Fobata continued, gesturing, “But you’re not, so--you betrayed me. You betrayed everything I stood for, what Coe Aela stood for. How could you run off with those ruffians, those Knights of Arria? It makes me sick,” Fobata thumped his fist down on the windowsill. “You were like my own daughter. Marlo, I’m tired,” He said, addressing his steward now. “I’m tired, and I want to be left alone now. Can you go back downstairs?”
“I will try, my lord,” Marlo said, disappearing down the staircase.
Fobata sighed, leaning against the windowsill. Gnat was gone now, the last remnant he had of his past. Though Fobata’s eyes were fixed upon the south, they sometimes gazed northward, in the direction that another one had taken so long ago. His mind could not abandon the path of wistful thinking, the hope that she might return to him after all these years.

Fobata ran out of Coe Aela’s castle, his face shining and bright, his hair still upon his head, and with a slimmer chest. “Kala!” He cried, arms extended.
“Fobata!” Kala cried back, awkwardly descending from her horse in the front bailey. She allowed her cousin, second or third or fourth in generation, it made no difference, to embrace her tightly on the ground before she pulled away from him.
“What happened to you?” Fobata asked, looking down at her belly.
“It’s called getting pregnant.” Kala remarked as a servant led away her horse. “You should try it sometime.”
“It would ruin my figure.” Fobata laughed, patting his stomach. “Still, you look good. Pregnancy certainly does agree with you.” He remarked.
“At least something here still does.” She sighed, looking around. “Coe Aela.” She murmured, seeing it for the first time ever. “It looks good for its age.” She remarked. “I thought it would be a veritable ruin, considering your descriptions.”
“It almost is. I’m sorry for your loss.” Fobata murmured, wrapping his arm about her.
“Think nothing of it.” Kala said, waving him away and pushing away his arm. “You didn’t even know him. It’s been awhile, and I’ve learned to deal with it.” She sighed. “He was a nice man. A very nice man. Perhaps too nice.” She remarked. “I’m sorry for your loss as well.” She added to Fobata. “Your father was--a strong man, a good man, courageous and--”
“Think nothing of it.” Fobata muttered, walking away from her. Kala had a way of twisting words around sometimes to bite you back. “My father was not a strong man. He was not a particularly good man either.” He turned towards her. “He was evil in his own way, but not evil enough for a Follower of Doomba. You know, I think he was--never mind that,” Fobata said, shaking his head. He would not trouble her with his own worries when she had her own. 
“Still, at least something of your husband remains.” Fobata said, looking down at Kala’s belly. It made him feel jealous, even though the man was gone.
Kala patted her belly. “Something of him still does remain inside of me, yes, and I hope it’s enough to carry me through.” She said, looking up at Fobata. “Now, show me around Coe Aela, your Grace.” She bobbed a little curtsy.
“With pleasure, I suppose.” Fobata shuddered slightly. “I’m still not used to it,” He said, grasping her hand and leading her off towards the east bailey. The gardens and the orchards in that direction would be pleasant enough for her to look at after taking such a long, arduous journey through the Popo Hills. He had found a prommenade could always clear the mind of trouble and woe, and it was just what she needed right now. “I’m still not used to being Duke of Coe Aela,” He said.
 “You will be. Your brother will help.” Kala said, looking around as they approached the first orchard. “Where is Goga by the way, your Grace?” She asked.
“Out on the battlefield still. I came home as quick as I could, once I heard the news that my father was dying.” Fobata said, before pointing out the fine apples ready to be plucked. “But Goga stayed out on the battlefield.” He said, picking out an apple to give to Kala. “He did not want to come home.” Fobata sighed as they walked on. “You know, I think he is jealous of me. I think he wanted all of this more than I did,” Fobata said, waving an arm about their surroundings.
Kala, eating the apple, paused to say, “Then perhaps you should have just given him what he wanted, and be satisfied with whatever position you could get elsewhere.” She said. “It is what a brother would do.”
“What? All of this?” Fobata laughed. “That is ridiculous, Kala. I couldn’t have just given him all of this without some serious problems.” 
“Why not?” Kala asked, chomping on the apple again.
“Why not? Then where would I be?” Fobata asked, wondering if she was being serious. “My father gave me Coe Aela because it is my birthright as first-born, it belongs to me. It always has been this way since time began. Besides, what matters to man in this world is power, and if I didn’t have Coe Aela, then where would I be? I would be nowhere, I would have nothing!” Fobata cried. “My power protects me, and it will protect Goga as well. I will take good care of him, and provide him with what he needs as my heir.”
Kala frowned, chewing. “If Goga wants this more than you, then he would take it from you.” She said. “It is better to give him what you have, and live in peace with him, than it is to suffer his wrath and hold on to something close to you that you don’t even want.” Kala said.
“You have learned too much humility.” Fobata remarked as they crossed into the garden. 
“I have learned enough humility.” Kala said, frowning as she turned to him and took another bite of her apple. “Years of it.” She said.
“Goga would not take this from me, not while I am still living, and he is too afraid to interfere in any other way.” Fobata said. “He may be a soldier, and he may fight me occasionally, as brothers do, but he knows his boundaries. He will not overstep them.”
“Are you sure?” Kala asked, spitting out a seed. “Goga might not be a kind man, but that is because he is not a forgiving man. He is worse to those he sees as his betrayers than to those who treat him kindly and with respect.” 
“I respect him, I treat him kindly. He is my brother, after all, and a good man to have on my side,” Fobata said. “I do not betray him, and he will not betray me.”
“That is good to know.” Kala said, walking on and chewing. “Trust is what protects when it comes to love. And if he does not trust you, then he will not love you, and he will betray you. I know this because I have been betrayed before.” She said, turning to Fobata. “And I have betrayed as well.” She said.
“What do you mean?” Fobata asked, frowning. “Who has betrayed you and who have you betrayed?” 
“No one important.” Kala said. “Love hurts. Betrayal hurts even more. Love is what you can show to him before it is too late,” She said, turning away.
Fobata shook his head, and followed after her. “You bewilder me, and yet I can honestly say I enjoy your company. All of these years we have been apart, and yet we can still talk to each other companionably. Will you be staying long, Kala?”
“Only a night,” She said, turning to him again. “I must continue north before it is too late,” She said, patting her stomach. “I have already taken too long.”
“When is the baby due?” Fobata asked.
“In another month.” She said, chewing on the last bit of the apple.
“Perhaps you should stop here and rest,” Fobata said, “It can’t be healthy for you or the baby to be traveling like this so soon before it is born, and I would like to talk to someone here on my level. All I have here are the servants and guards, with Goga away. Marlo, my steward, is nice, but he is not exactly my peer.” He said.
“I must not stop and rest, another delay would cost me,” She said. “I have to get to where I am going before the baby is born.”
“You could have the baby here.” Fobata said.
“It isn’t safe here.” She said. “It isn’t safe enough for him.”
“I can provide you and him with the best care!” Fobata said. 
“That isn’t good enough for him.” Kala said, turning away and tossing the apple core into the bushes. “I have to think of him now, and what is best for him. Coe Aela is not the best place to raise a baby, no offense.”
“None taken.” Fobata muttered. “What do you mean him?” He asked a moment later, his mind catching up with him. “Is it a boy? Are you sure?” He asked.
“I am sure it is a boy, and I am not staying here, whatever you say.” Kala said, turning to him again. “Coe Aela is not my home, and it is not my baby’s home. You cannot force me to stay, whatever you may do or say. I will go, whether you like it or not.” 
Fobata frowned. “You are sorely trying my patience.”
“I know. And that is the way it should be.” She smiled. She had the sweetest smile, full of warmth and humor. It suited her well.
Part Three: Coe Wina
Chapter 14: Together Until the End
Whatever happens, I will be with you. Whatever happens,
You can count on me to be your friend. Whatever happens,
I won’t desert you my friend. Whatever happens, you can
Count on me to be your friend until the bitter end.
Friendship song, Arria

Basha and his group continued traveling south and west, their packs slightly lighter after breakfast, with a purpose now as Fato flew ahead of them. They zigged and zagged across the landscape, never going completely straight for very long before they changed direction, as they knew they might be tracked by Captain Goga and his men along the way.
After Fato had returned from hunting and everyone had stopped laughing, they had explained to him all that he had missed, or at least Basha and Oaka had explained to him everything when they had understood the most.
“Knights of Arria?” Fato asked halfway through the story, staring at them to be certain that they were serious and not joking. “But you are just children. You can’t be Knights of Arria. Knights of Arria are…were…” He shook his head and sighed as he said, “This must be a joke.”
“I know it sounds ridiculous,” Basha said, “I don’t blame you, but at this point we are seriously considering the possibility that there is something going on here beyond the norm,” and then he explained how the Old Man fit into all of this. Gnat’s mind started to wander off at this point as she plucked at the grass.
Fato listened to him then, staring off into the green distance of the forest in the north as he sat upon his tree branch, towards the rising sun, and then he gasped. “So that was what the first message was about.” He said.
“What are you…no, I thought you only had one message.” Basha said, getting uneasy again. “The one Janus gave you, the one you neglected to tell us about Coe Aela.” He said.
“Not him, no.” Fato said, shaking his head as he paced back and forth on the branch. “I have two messages in my head as a matter of fact. The second message is the one you all know about, which Janus gave me when I stopped by Coe Aela on my way north, to be sent down to Coe Kiki on my return trip.” Fato paused to explain, “Technically it was my third message, as the second one was an order for me from Coe Kiki telling me to seek out Janus when I arrived at Coe Aela, and receive any messages he had to give me.”
“What was the first message?” Monika asked sharply.
“The first message, the one that started me off on this trip north where I met all of you,” Fato said, turning to face them, “was a message from a Major Lupo in Old Fort Ca to a Sir Nickleby in Coe Baba.” Fato ducked his head, expecting something to be thrown at him.
Basha, Oaka, Monika and Gnat stared at each other for a long moment before Basha and Oaka turned towards him. “Is this why you wanted to travel with us?” Basha asked.
Fato slowly nodded, lifting his head. “It was the reason. When I heard Sir Nickleby was dead, and that you two were traveling alone without anyone to help you…and then I heard your name, Basha, and I thought of what the message said. Some of the words were ‘Keep Basha safe’ and I intended to.” Fato said formally, holding his head high. “The problem was the message was intended for Sir Nickleby, but since he was dead, I had no one to give the message to. I’ve never had this problem before and I didn’t know how to deal with it.” Fato said.
“What was the message?” Oaka asked, throwing his hands up in the air. “Malakel it, do we have to keep asking?” He asked, frustrated.
“Be patient. I have to think about it.” Fato sighed, and tilted his head back and towards the side before he looked straight ahead. “These are the words of Major Lupo, Old Fort Ca.” The falcon said, his voice sounding deeper and more aged as he continued: “‘Dear Sir Nickleby: I’m sorry to hear of Berevus’s betrayal. I know that must have been upsetting to you. As to the Black Wolf in the forest, I fear that you have reason to worry. Signs indicate that Doomba has been stirring, perhaps for the last three decades or more. But his Servants and Followers have been even more active in the past decade than ever before. This may be the result of the Tigora’l’s presence in that they are searching for him. In which case, I feel that you should follow the Old Man’s orders in staying away from this affair, if you do not want to get involved in another fiasco. But that does not mean that you should not keep your eye out in case of danger. Keep Basha safe, and maybe you will learn the truth of the matter. Good luck to you, Sir Nickleby, I remain your ever obedient servant and guide, Major Lupo.’ End message.” Fato said, bowing his head.
Basha, Monika, Oaka and Gnat stared at the falcon and then at each other. “I had no idea you could remember that much.” Monika remarked.
Fato lifted his head, and blinked. “Of course I can, I’m a royal messenger bird!” Fato remarked, back to his usual self. 
“Old Fort Ca is near Coe Kiki, right?” Oaka asked. “It was one of those forts built to defend Arria from the Wastelands, back at the start of the Dark Age,” He said.
Basha nodded. “I think so. And Berevus, he was a member of the town militia before he died in that forest fire a few months ago. And Berevus betrayed Sir Nickleby?” Basha asked, disturbed. “With a Black Wolf involved?”
“So you’re implying that Berevus was a Follower of Doomba?” Oaka asked. “You mean to say that there was a Follower of Doomba in Coe Baba? Why, scratch that, you would say it was because of us, but why wouldn’t it be that Sir Nickleby was a Follower instead of Berevus?”
Everyone stopped, and stared at Oaka. “Are you joking, Oaka?” Basha asked, stunned.
“It is possible.” Gnat added to join in on the conversation. “Lord Fobata is a Follower of Doomba, after all, and he’s Duke of Coe Aela. Noblemen can be Followers.”
“Point taken, Gnat, thank you.” Oaka said. “I’m just saying, Sir Nickleby was the only one who survived the encounter that started the forest fire, and Uncle Smidge said it was rather suspicious.”
“Sir Nickleby survived and and wrote to Major Lupo.” Basha said. “He said he was worried about the Black Wolf he might have found out of the forest, possibly because it started the forest fire or something like that. Why would he be worried about the Black Wolf if it was his ally?”
“Possibly because he had not expected it, or maybe because he was worried about disappointing Doomba for some reason?” Oaka shrugged. “I don’t know, Major Lupo might be a Follower as well, we don’t know that.”
“You’re just trying to find some reason to discredit Sir Nickleby.” Basha scoffed as Monika rolled her eyes. “He was a good man!” Basha exclaimed. “It sounds like Sir Nickleby was trying to find some information about activity from Followers and Servants as well as Doomba, and the Old Man told him…”
“To stay away from this affair!” Oaka cried. “What proof do you need? If the Old Man was trying to protect us…”
Basha stopped. “No, why would Sir Nickleby sacrifice himself, staying behind to fight off those Black Wolves if he was a Follower of Doomba?” Basha asked.
“Because he thought he would survive.” Oaka said. “Because he thought those Black Wolves wouldn’t attack him.”
“Sir Nickleby was told to protect me.” Basha muttered.
“Maybe because they, the Followers of Doomba, wanted to find out the truth of whether or not you were a Knight of Arria, or something like that.” Oaka said.
“That does sound reasonable.” Gnat said, thinking about Janus’s ‘mission’ from Marlo.
“Perhaps we should stop talking about this,” Monika said, staring at Basha’s downcast eyes. “The man is dead, and it does us no good to speculate about this when Sir Nickleby can neither harm nor protect us now. I’m sorry, Basha.” She whispered the last to him.
 “Oh, and there’s one more thing I forgot to mention,” Fato said, staring down at them as the argument ended, before he stopped to think for a moment. “Actually, there are two things I forgot to tell you people, but perhaps one is more than enough.”
“You might as well tell us all of your secrets, bird,” Oaka remarked, shaking his head as he turned away from Basha’s unease. “You’ve certainly been keeping a lot of them from us.” Oaka muttered.
“Wait a moment, Fato,” Basha said before the falcon could speak again. “Did you say Tigora’l in your message?” He knew that word. Oaka’s argument had made him forget about it until now.
Fato stopped a moment to think and then nodded. “That’s right, ‘This may be the result of the Tigora’l’s presence…’”
“That’s enough,” Basha said, turning around to fetch one of his packs, digging around inside of it to pull out his wallet. “This contains some of my most prized possessions,” He said, carefully removing his map and his mother’s handkerchief to pull out the folded piece of paper of prophecy. He could not lose any of this stuff.
“The Oracle of Mila told me,” Basha said, placing the paper on his lap before he put away the map and the handkerchief back into the wallet, “That the Tigora’l…‘Seek not only the Cup, but seek also the Tigora’l in this quest,’” Basha read from the prophecy, “‘seek him and know the truth.’” Basha looked up and said, “That’s funny, I don’t know the word or its meaning, but I can almost recognize…”
“Tiger of light, Basha,” Monika said, as everyone turned to stare at her now. “In the Old Language, that is. Tiger is Tig, light is ora, and of is L with the apostrophe, to indicate it is part of the phrase.”
“How do you know that phrase, Monika?” Basha asked, turning towards her. “And what does it mean? Who is the tiger of light?”
“I don’t know who the tiger of light is, Basha,” Monika said, shaking her head. “I know what it meant because I have heard of and read some Old Language words from people whom I met, in the Za Desert and in other places.” She said, looking down with a sorrowful expression. “But the tiger of light is something very important, I’m aware of that much at least. And I think we should look for him, or it, wherever we might go in this quest. It might save us in the end,” She whispered, looking up at Basha, “From a world of trouble.” She stared at him.
“Can I please just continue?” Fato asked after a moment of silence from the rest of the group, contemplating this moment between Basha and Monika as awkward and unsettling, as they remembered the reason for this quest, and this wasn’t it. “It’s just that I feel like confessing right now, and it would be a huge relief on me.” The falcon said.
“Go ahead, confess away!” Oaka cried, waving his hands. “Everybody else has!” Oaka said, clearing his throat loudly and deliberately to disturb Basha’s and Monika’s reveries. Oaka was still sullen over the question of Sir Nickleby’s loyalty, and how no one else but him would think to question such a man. They were far too trusting.
Monika looked away from Basha, abashed and reserved, but for some reason, Basha felt like he wanted Monika’s eyes on him forever. She did not look back at him and finally he turned away from her, knowing that he had to get back to business as usual, even though he wished that he could change things between them somehow. Basha took out his wallet to put his paper of prophecy back inside of it. He could not forget his quest for Jawen.
“Fine, fine, if you insist.” Fato said, clearing his throat. “Janus was talking to Nisa yesterday,” The falcon said as everybody else stared at him again, “Around the time that Oaka might have been fighting his duel with Captain Goga.” 
“Are you sure it was her?” Basha asked, stunned.
“I’m sure, Janus told me she was protecting you all.” Fato said. “She was a little taller than average height for a woman, with blonde hair, about mid 20s or so.”
“That’s her all right,” Basha said, nodding and feeling a little self-conscious about having Nisa turn up again, following him around like his shadow, especially with Monika and the others right beside him. Jawen, Nisa, Monika and even Iibala...why did it feel like his whole life was surrounded by girls sometimes?
“What would Janus be talking to her for?” Gnat asked, perturbed. Must not forget about Gnat being around as well.
“Don’t know, he didn’t say.” Fato said. “Didn’t look like it was too friendly, though, as she might have held a knife at his neck.” Fato said.
“What?” Basha and Gnat both asked.
“That’s what it looked like, but apparently he talked her out of it, or she decided to let him go, because she moved away from him before too long, knife gone back into her sheath. Janus had the nerve to ask me if she was traveling with us.” Fato paused a moment to think as Basha and Gnat both breathed some sigh of relief that nothing else had gone wrong between their guardians. “That may have been the first clue that she was following us,” Fato said.
“You didn’t think that anything else was amiss?” Oaka asked sarcastically. “Should we trust that this Nisa is on our side?” He asked.
“Janus could have gotten himself killed! Why would your Nisa have done that to him?” Gnat asked Basha.
“She’s not my…” Basha sighed and shook his head, hoping Monika wasn’t paying too much attention to this whole rotting episode. She was awfully quiet, though, sometimes she seemed too introspective and reserved. “I don’t know why, and I don’t see why Nisa should not be on our side.” Basha said, answering Gnat and Oaka at the same. “Where were they, and why?” Basha started to ask Fato.
“Why should she not be?” Oaka muttered to himself, mimicking Basha, and shaking his head. “You’re too trusting, Basha.”
“And you’re getting too suspicious, Oaka.” Basha muttered back to him. “Not everyone else besides us is a Follower of Doomba.”
“They were in front of the blacksmith shop, near the stables.” Fato had remarked.
“That was around the time that I was in the stables, and you…” Basha said, indicating Gnat as he nodded. “That explains it. They must have been watching out for us, Gnat. Janus was following you, and Nisa was following me, and they both collided when Nisa may have thought that Janus was a threat to me.” Basha said.
“That does not explain it. That’s absurd.” Gnat said, shaking her head. “Janus would not have been following me. He doesn’t do menial things like that. He was probably too busy with important matters to deal with me, and why would Janus want to follow me?” Gnat asked, turning to Basha. “There is no reason why he would. Not like your Nisa does.” She muttered.
“Why does…” Basha groaned. His Nisa. Gnat was getting on his nerves a little bit. Why had he bothered asking her to come along with them? He did not really think that, Gnat was a good friend to have, and he did want her to come after all. But it was just the thought of Gnat poking holes at his shell and theories, exposing what he might feel underneath about Nisa, or about any of the girls in his life for that matter, that upset him. The idea that he had been followed around by both the Old Man and Nisa all of his life unnerved him, and it was indeed a violation of his trust and privacy for this to have happened when he was unaware of it, but it comforted him as well--in an odd, perverse way--to have these people with him.
What if Nisa had been following him when he ran off into the woods as a child, upset and angry to find out he had been adopted by Geda and Habala? What if she had saved him when these giant rats started chasing him through the woods, and she killed the rats? She had been with him all of this time, he just had not realized it. She had said she wasn’t his mother when he was young, but she had been watching over him all of this time--even more than a mother would. Would she be there to protect him, no matter what? Possibly not, but still, she would be there, no matter what, even in his darkest hour. He would never be truly alone.
He thought that somehow, she was probably the closest thing he had to a true companion, someone who knew him intimately from all of the time she had spent watching him. She probably knew all of the secrets he couldn’t share with others, and even understood him better than he could. 
Even though she, and the Old Man, couldn’t possibly read his mind, they might know his actions and reactions from afar, and what he meant by them, how he might react in a certain situaton, and what he would say next. It was something a normal person would never know or fully understand about a person sitting next to them, even if that person was their best friend, sibling, cousin, or whatever, but he believed it was possible for the Old Man and Nisa to understand him in such a way from the time and attention they had devoted to watching out for him. Could they tell him fully why they had watched him, and what they had known about him, someday? He hoped so, very much.
“Well, I don’t know what else Janus could have been doing, spying on me?” Basha asked, overlooking Gnat’s remark. “He is a spy, after all, he has to be doing some spying at least!” He said. “It’s part of his job description!”
“That may explain it,” Oaka said, nodding. “You do look suspicious, Basha.” He winked at his brother. “Probably didn’t want you spoiling what was going on at Coe Aela.” Basha groaned and rolled his eyes as Oaka continued, “Okay, Fato,” turning to look up into the tree with a smile. “Much as I love to see you squirm with confessing deep, dark secrets that you have been keeping from us, you still have one more thing to confess, don’t you?” Oaka asked.
“The Black Wolves were chasing you and Basha!” Fato cried. “Not me!”
“What? In the forest?” Basha asked, stunned.
“In the forest, on the way to Coe Baba with Major Lupo’s message, I came across some Black Wolves sleeping when they were awakened by an alert of some kind, and then they went off to start chasing you and Oaka, Basha.” Fato said, nodding. “That’s how it happened. One of the Black Wolves did snap at me when he spotted me, but it wasn’t his intent to chase me. He didn’t know that I was a royal messenger bird, that I had messages of any kind. I followed after the pack to see what happened, and then I went after you and Oaka to see if you two were okay. I was curious to find out why the pack had been chasing you two, and then I heard that you had both lost Sir Nickleby, and here I am today!” Fato cried, lifting his wings. “Still following after you two!” He exclaimed.
“That does explain a lot.” Oaka muttered, a little disappointed now that the falcon was still following after them. He perked up slightly. “Fato, now that you know that we--or Basha and Monika especially--are potential Knights of Arria--” He started to say.
“Potential Knights of Arria?” Basha asked.
“It’s safer and easier this way, saves us from correcting or speculating about ourselves.” Oaka said to Basha before he continued, “--and that we might be expecting many more Servants and Followers of Doomba to be coming after us in the days ahead--” He smiled at Fato.
“No, there’s no way I’ll be dissuaded into leaving! I’m staying with you three--sorry, four--” Fato said, indicating Gnat, “Until we reach the end of this quest, whenever and wherever that may be.” He muttered. “Whenever, wherever.”
“Okay, I suppose I should be staying with you three people and falcon as well,” Oaka said, smiling at everybody now. “Even though I feel like leaving with Fato still around. Can’t let the bird upstage me.” He remarked as cheerily as he could when Fato tried to peck at him. 
Oaka also could not stop worrying about those Followers and Servants of Doomba following after them as well, a persistent agony in his opinion when the Servants and Followers would not go away or stop bothering them if they were Knights. He was still not fully able or willing to trust Monika and Fato when it came to protecting Basha from the Followers and Servants of Doomba, even though they were his friends and allies, and Gnat certainly couldn’t do the job as well. They were too trusting in his opinion, and too brave, taking risks and encouraging Basha to do the same. Basha had to be more careful in the future, especially the closer they got to the Wastelands, about trusting people they didn’t know. Not everybody would be their friends and allies if they were Knights.
“And I’ll be staying with this quest as well,” Monika said, nodding to Basha as she patted the hilt of the Blue Sword attached to her belt. “If you need me.” She remarked.
“Of course we need you!” Fato cried, and Basha couldn’t help agreeing with him as well.
Basha realized now that everyone was pledging their support to his quest, for no particular reason other than the suggestion that they might desert it, especially when Gnat said, “I’m staying, too, or coming along, whatever the case may be, Basha.” Gnat stood up and remarked, “I’ve got nowhere else to go at this point.” 
“Okay, okay, we have to keep moving,” Basha said, stunned enough by their reactions that he didn’t really know what else to say. “Much as I appreciate…thank you very much, everyone,” He added, picking up his pack and his wallet, putting the wallet inside of the pack. 
“You’re welcome. What else are we supposed to do at this point?” Oaka asked with a shrug. Monika lightly punched him in the arm as Fato laughed.
“There’s no way we’re going back now, I agree,” Basha said, “Not with the force of Goga and his men probably chasing after us.” 
“We could…” Gnat said, and then hesitated, not certain if she should say it.
“What, Gnat?” Basha asked, turning around to face her.
“I don’t know how exactly, and I probably would not be able to help you then, but could it be possible that the two Swords, and Oaka’s fire power, could be used to fight back against Goga and his men?” Gnat asked.
“Oh, I agree with you there,” Oaka said, nodding. “I might be able to manage something massive and forceful against Goga and his men with a little more practice.”
The others glanced around at each other, hesitant to say anything as well, but finally Basha managed to say, “I’m sorry, Gnat, Oaka, we’re not ready to face such a fight, yet. I know that we might be able to combine our Swords and powers together and use our abilities to fight like the original Knights of Arria did, but we don’t know anything, or hardly anything, about our powers and about the Swords of Arria.”
“He’s right there, Gnat.” Oaka said, nodding again, though he sighed to himself. He wished that they could do something against Goga.
“We need more time, or more training, or more knowledge, but we’re not going to get that now, not with Goga and his men chasing after us, and who knows when they might catch up with us?”  Basha asked. “We might even be surprised or ambushed by them before we know it! Maybe if we were better prepared, we could stand up against him and all of his men by ourselves, maybe, but it’s just not possible right now. Right now, we’ve got to keep going.”
“That’s all right. I understand.” Gnat sighed as well. “Part of me hoped that we wouldn’t have to run.” She said.
“I know, Gnat. It’s either forward now, or nowhere, and I’m done with nowhere. Nowhere is where we have been before.” Basha muttered the last.
“I hear that.” Monika said to herself.
“Where are we going next?” Gnat asked him, as the others started to pick up their packs.
“To Coe Kiki.” Basha said, nodding. “That has always been our intent, based on Sir Nickleby’s original plan. We have to stop there. It’s important now, especially when Fato has to deliver Janus’s message to King Sonnagh.” He said. “I imagine it’s the safest place in the world at this point.”
“We’re not stopping anywhere else along the way?” Gnat asked, concerned.
“Well...” Basha sighed as the others paused to glance at them. “It’s true that we only have as much food and supplies as we came to Coe Aela with,” Basha said, “What we have in our packs right now. And you don’t have a pack, Gnat, so you have to rely on us for your food and supplies. And that’s not enough to keep us going, not all the way through the Popo Hills.” Basha said, tilting his head back. 
“What about foraging and hunting?” Monika asked.
“We could try foraging and hunting the rest of the way after we run out of food, but that’s the bare minimum. Foraging may be difficult when the hills are not like the forest after all, we don’t know what we may find out there, and hunting…we have a limited supply of arrows. Fato can capture small prey, but that’s really only enough to sustain him. I don’t know if we can sustain ourselves through the Popo Hills.”
“I could probably manage it.” Monika muttered.
“So could I.” Fato volunteered.
“For all of us?” Basha asked, staring at Monika and Fato. “I’m not sure Gnat, Oaka, and I are capable of getting through such a rough scenario to support ourselves even,” Basha said, “No offense to either you, Gnat, or Oaka, and it would put a strain on both of you, Monika and Fato, to help support us, with a dwindling supply of arrows and our reserve food on hand. We might very well starve, or lose all of our strength and energy, trying to run and feed ourselves at the same time. Goga would surely catch us then.”
“Well, when he puts it that way, it is a grim situation indeed.” Fato remarked. “I’ve seen the way Oaka eats. He will starve us all.”
“Sir Nickleby had planned that we would ask for more food and supplies in Coe Aela, to make it through the wilderness, but that failed miserably.” Basha said as reached back for his wallet and pulled out the map. “Now, perhaps we should consider...” He checked the name. “Coe Wina.” He read to himself.
“Coe Wina? Where is it, and what is it?” Oaka asked, coming back towards Basha with Fato, Gnat, and Monika following after him. 
Basha showed them its location on the map. “Coe Wina is there, west and south, on the other side of the boundary between Mila Forest and Popo Hills. It appears to be close to the ocean, perhaps as close as Coe Anji was. And it’s not a town, it’s a castle,” Basha said, staring at the facade that had been drawn on the map. “A castle, a fortress, on a hill.” He said.
“We have to go there?” Monika asked, staring down at the ground.
 “I hate castles.” Oaka muttered.
“The nearest town is Coe Jawa, and that’s further away from Coe Wina, possibly by about two or three days,” Basha said, studying the map. “Riding, not walking, walking might be further than three days.” Basha said, correcting himself. “I don’t think we can go further than Coe Wina without starving to death.”
 “The hill is a motte, I believe,” Gnat said, looking over their shoulders. “Unless it is a real hill.” She said as they turned towards her.
“What do you know of Coe Wina?” Basha asked Gnat, staring at her.
Gnat shrugged. “I know that the lord of the castle is one Duke of Coe Wina, Lord Lagotaq, and that there is a deadly feud between him and Lord Fobata.” She grinned.
“Deadly feud? That sounds promising. He might help us!” Fato said.
“Lord Lagotaq, he’s not a Follower of Doomba, is he?” Basha asked, desperate.
“I don’t know for sure. I imagine that not every lord is a Follower of Doomba, Basha,” Gnat said, studying the map. “But I believe that Lagotaq’s not. I’m pretty sure that’s why he hates Lord Fobata, because he does not trust Followers. I’ve heard that Lord Lagotaq is pretty strict about the boundary lines between the districts,” She said, tracing the line across the page. “Lord Lagotaq insists that Lord Fobata sticks to his land and boundary, and he will stick to his own. If Lord Fobata or any of his men crossed the boundary line without Lagotaq’s permission, armed like they would attack Coe Wina, and without any good reason why, Lord Lagotaq would hang them, I bet.”
“So Coe Wina is safe?” Basha asked.
“For now, it’s the safest place in the world, Basha,” Gnat said, nodding. “Safer even than Coe Kiki, for how close it is. We might find shelter there, I bet, and maybe they can provide us with some food and clothing if they like us well enough. I’ve heard it’s well protected, near impregnable, even more so than Coe Aela is. It’s at least better than going across open terrain.” She said, nodding towards the south, “Where Goga and his men could catch us.”
“Coe Wina it is then,” Basha said, folding up the map and stuffing it back into his wallet, which he then put into his pack that swung onto his back 
As they all set off together, Fato smirked and started laughing. “What is it?” Basha asked the bird.
“Potential Knights of Arria. Oh, gods, to think that Sir Pacaben might be one of you bunch, if holding a Sword of Arria in his hand qualifies him…now that is disturbing.” Fato said, sobering up. “He hasn’t got the potential, he’s worse than you lot. He hasn’t got the humility or the decency or the courage or the fortitude. He’s skilled in other ways, but he’s definitely not a knight of the realm. More like a knight of the harem.” Fato laughed again.
The trees were thinning as Mila Forest faded behind them. In the distance they could see the slopes of mountains, the start of the Popo Hills, and some of its peaks as well, although others were mired in frost and cloud. It had to be two days ahead of them at least to reach the base of those mountains.
 Basha felt like he was coming upon the edge of his world. He had never known much of a life that was not surrounded by forest. He felt somehow safer underneath those branches that had shaded him from the brightness of the sun and the cruelty of night, safer than he was now. Even though dangers had lurked there as well in the forest, dangers he had not known about, or were not fully aware of, at least he could have guessed at these dangers, at least he could have known that they were concealed and would not come out of hiding unless provoked. He could have stayed inside his hovel, his burrow known as Coe Baba, and not come out as well, and he would have been safe, or at least as safe as he could have been when Servants of Doomba were after him.
Now he was going to a part of the world that rose and fell, land that changed elevation, never remaining completely steady or level even though it was preserved in its undulation. He did not know what to expect out there, especially when he did not know where he was going next, where his foot might lead him, down or up. He would be exposed on the heights, even in the valleys, because there would be no branches to hide his face or form; he would die out there if he was noticed.
Basha looked up at the mountains before them. “Fato!” He cried.
The falcon flew back to him. “What is it, Basha?”
“We’re heading towards that mountain range, aren’t we?” Basha asked, pointing in the distance.
Fato glanced towards the direction he pointed. “Yes, I believe so, why?”
Basha inhaled. “I believe you should scout ahead,” He said, nodding to himself, “And see if there is a pass in that direction that we can walk upon. Over or through to the other side.”
“I will do that!” Fato said, flying off immediately on the errand.
“Basha,” Oaka said, coming back towards him as Monika and Gnat stopped to listen. “Shouldn’t we go around the mountains somehow?” Oaka asked.
“That is the easiest route,” Basha said, “But it is also the most obvious one. If Goga comes after us, if he suspects we might be going to Coe Wina, he will also search for a way around the mountains to find us. We must go up and over,” Basha said. “It may not be easy, but perhaps it is faster than trying to find a way around the mountains.”
“It looks cold up there, Basha,” Oaka said, staring up at the mountain heights. “I don’t think we can stand the cold right now.”
“Just the peaks,” Basha said, “The lower slopes, some of them, at least, appear not to be covered in snow,” He said. “If we can find a pass that cuts across the lower slopes, goes around them from one side to the next, then perhaps we might find the best route to avoid Goga.”
“There are a lot of ‘ifs’ in your statements, Basha, no certainty,” Oaka pointed out, “And if you are not certain, then we might die up there.” Oaka said.
“Where would you rather face your death, Oaka?” Basha asked, aware of the worried looks passed between Monika and Gnat. “What might be our best chances for survival, facing Goga, or facing the cold?” Basha asked.
Oaka hesitated for a moment, glancing back towards Monika and Gnat and beyond, to where Goga would be coming from, and then looking forward towards the mountains. “The cold, I suppose, though it is a lousy way to die.” Oaka muttered. Monika and Gnat nodded.
“It’ll be okay, Oaka, we’ll keep ourselves warm,” Basha said, patting Oaka on the shoulder. “And we won’t go so high up, we’ll go just part of the way. You won’t even get to see the summit.” He said.
Oaka grumbled, passing by Basha, who turned back towards Gnat and Monika. “Is that all right with you two?” He asked nervously. “That we climb?” He did not want to neglect the girls in this decision.
“I suppose so,” Monika said, nodding. “I don’t know much about the terrain in this area, but I imagine that you are right about Goga’s direction, he would go around the mountain.” Monika gestured. “Some of the mountain passes are narrow, I imagine, barely wide enough for a person to traverse, often with a sleep slope heading downward, and occasionally there are avalanches from above, rock and snow.” Monika swung her hand down as Basha winced. “He wouldn’t take the risk of climbing the mountain, especially if some or most of his men are mounted.” Monika said, hoisting her pack further onto her shoulders.
“Right,” Basha said, a little nervous now. “Have you ever climbed a mountain, Monika?”
“Once or twice,” She said, walking past him.
“Once or twice?” He mouthed at Gnat before following after Monika. When did she do that? He asked himself.
“What is her story?” Gnat whispered to Basha.
“I don’t really know.” Basha said, frowning to himself. Curiosity, the desire to find out more, the need to find out more, had been something he had professed to having in the past, especially when it came to himself and to the truth. But when it came to others, and to the true nature of the unknown that had frightened him most of all, sometimes he had blocked out the memories of those encounters, blocked out the questions that he had that would surely bring him horrendous answers. He did not want to know, could not bear to know, that which would change his perspective of others forever. That would be frightening most of all.
“Gnat doesn’t have any warm clothes.” Monika remarked back towards them.
“I’ll be fine, Basha.” Gnat said, as Basha realized he had neglected her.
“You can have…” Basha paused a moment, remembering propriety and gender differences, and then asked, “Uh, Monika, could you give Gnat a shirt or something she can wear?”
Monika laughed, and said, “Fine, Basha,” as they continued. He would be fine, they would all be fine, it was just a little while further.
“There is a pass!” Fato cried, coming back towards them as they looked up. “It looks passable for a walk in certain places, although there are some steep places.”
“That’s fine, Fato,” Basha said, ignoring some of the troubled looks tossed in his direction with his fear confirmed. “That’s fine, we’ll manage!” He said.

“Where is Lord Fobata’s flag?” Hava asked, staring up at a field of sable presenting a white bear in salient pose, hanging slightly down from the pole held aloft by the flag bearer striding along below. Hava and Goga rode alongside each other through the dwindling forest, with about half of Goga’s men riding as well. The rest were on foot, scouting ahead or along the edges of the forest path. The mountains and hills rose before them, unwelcoming and unrelenting with frozen peaks that merged with the sky, seemingly unpassable. 
The white bear in salient pose seemed oddly appropriate here, Hava thought to himself and did not care to admit, as surrounded by the blackness of the unknown. Fobata’s black bear in salient pose would have dwindled amidst the white space.
Captain Goga laughed and said, “This is my personal flag, Hava, my coat-of-arms, as second son of a Duke of Coe Aela. Lord Fobata would never allow me to wave this flag inside Coe Aela, but now that we are away from its walls,	I can wave it as proudly and as boldly as I like.” He smiled.
Hava grimaced to himself at this show of vanity. “We should still have Lord Fobata’s flag with us, captain, much as you despise him, especially as we cross onto Lord Lagotaq’s land. We have the authority of Coe Aela’s lord behind us, we should show it.” He said.
Captain Goga shook his head. “That wouldn’t help us, not on Lord Lagotaq’s land. We’re trespassing, Hava, but I cannot wait for Lord Lagotaq’s permission to cross onto his territory. We must find the group, and then get out of here before we are caught.” He said.
Hava grimaced again. “You are taking a big risk, my captain. I fear what will happen.”
“Just write it down, Hava,” Captain Goga said, turning to Hava. “Write it down, and keep your mouth shut. I do not stand for cowardice. I can take impudence from you, I can take your probing questions, I can even take your timidness, but I will not stand for cowardice from you. If you follow me, you will show me no fear. You march into battle with me, or I will leave you behind, out here in the wilderness. Does that sound fair to you?” He asked.
It was unfair. Hava had not been asked to take on this assignment with Captain Goga, he had been ordered to do so back in Coe Aela, but he could not turn back now. For one thing, he was miles away from Coe Aela already with no clue as to how to get back, and he was afraid of getting killed out here by himself, due to savage men and animals, or due to his own carelessness, lost for days out in the cold without food and water. He could not lose Captain Goga, who was his lifeline back to Coe Aela, who knew the terrain and knew what direction to take, not to mention the force at his disposal--Hava needed to stay with Captain Goga and his men to feel safe.
And for another thing, he was surprised to find that some small part of himself was excited to be on this mission with Captain Goga, perhaps even enjoying it, to a certain degree. He did not want to turn back now. He wanted to continue on with the mission, no matter how tough it might be on him with the captain’s anger, the rowdiness of the guards, and the excrutiating pain he felt traveling all day and into the night with little rest, and hardly any food except for some crummy mush. He wanted to experience the adventure, and the thrill of the chase. The capture and arrest of the group who had escaped Coe Aela might be enough to satisfy him, although he wondered how Captain Goga might treat them.
“Okay, Captain Goga, I will be brave. I will keep my mouth shut, write it down, and continue on with you. Sounds fair?” Hava asked, holding out his hand as a peace offering. 
Goga grabbed the hand, and shook it briefly. “Sounds fair. And stop calling me captain. Call me sir.” He said, shaking his head. “I could have been a knight at least if not for Fobata’s insistence that I stay on at Coe Aela, under his watchful eye.”
“Is it common knowledge that you and Lord Fobata are--”
“We try to keep it to ourselves,” Goga muttered. “It’s embarrassing for us both to think that we are related to each other. There are some who know of it, of course, you can’t keep a thing like that secret forever, but I don’t advertise it, and neither does Lord Fobata. We keep to ourselves and to our present company, occasionally meeting to exchange news of a professional nature, a drink, and maybe play a game or two. Nothing personal or fraternal.” He admitted.
Goga had departed Coe Aela with eighty-five men, if you counted Hava, about half of its force. He had split his forces further into roughly four groups of 21 men, not counting Hava, to cover the compass in search of the group, north, south, east and west. He wanted to be thorough. He instructed his men that they should go as far as they could in each direction, and then sweep the area to a certain degree. If the group was not found within 12 days, a random number that Goga had chosen, then they should head back to Coe Aela.
Goga, followed by Hava, had chosen to go with the southward group, knowing in his heart and mind that this was the direction they would have chosen to get away from Coe Aela, heading for Coe Wina and beyond. They had been traveling from the north, heading south when the Black Wolves had chased them, likely enough they would continue with their trip. He was not quite sure why they were traveling or where they were heading, but he thought that it might be important enough to stop them from reaching their destination. Certainly he would try to stop them from reaching Coe Wina, by any means necessary.
They heard a man’s scream a short distance away in the forest, and paused to turn their heads. “What was that?” Hava asked, nervous.
“Trouble.” Goga smiled, and turned his horse in that direction. When the animal would not move, trembling, Goga dismounted and kicked at the dirt before continuing on towards the forest. Hava reluctantly dismounted and followed, not certain why, perhaps because he had little else to do besides witness Goga’s actions, but he stayed several paces behind Goga in case whatever had attacked the guard might attack Goga first. That way, Hava could flee then without losing face.
Hava halted when Goga did, and stretched his neck out as carefully as he could to see what Goga did, when there was a guard lying on the ground, his left leg twisted and mangled, blood splattered everywhere with bone showing. The man groaned. Hava gagged, and then froze when they heard a growl emanating from the bush in front of them.
“It came out of nowhere.” The guard whispered, delirious with blood loss and fright. “Like a ghost.”
Goga frowned, staring down at the quivering guard, and then turned towards the bush. “Show yourself,” Goga said, withdrawing his sword. “Apologize, or give us a good excuse. He is one of my men, after all. He is on your side. Why did you attack him?” He asked.
The Black Wolf emerged from the bush, gobbets of blood dripping down his saber teeth still as Hava felt faint. The haggard animal circled round, eying the captain, the injured guard, and Hava in turn.
“We are hungry, we are angry. We had no choice.” The Black Wolf growled, turning to Captain Goga. “We wanted to send you all a message.”
Hava yelped. “It talked!” He cried.
“Of course it talked, what did you expect?” Goga said, eying Hava. “Did you not know you could hear it?” He asked.
“I did not know. Why would I?” Hava asked.
“Pay attention to me!” The Black Wolf barked as Hava and Goga froze, shivering. “Respect me as you would respect my master,” The Black Wolf said, “I am here to bring you all a message from Doomba!” 
 “Of course we are paying attention to you. I am sorry for any disrespect felt. I want to apologize for my friend,” Goga said, as Hava glared at him. “He is impudent and ignorant.”
“As are you, Goga.” The Black Wolf said. “Impudence and ignorance may lead to your downfall. You have no idea what you are dealing with now.”
“I have some idea.” Goga said, nodding and bowing his head. “I have more of an idea now than I did once. I apologize for what my brother and I have failed to do in the past. We will not fail again. We had no idea once, but now that we know, for certain almost, we will not fail again.”
“I hope so, for your sake.” The Black Wolf said, licking his lips. “This is your last chance to prove yourself as a Follower of Doomba. Agasint his better judgment, the Wolf packs are standing by, awaiting further orders. They will not attack, but will wait for you to fulfill your mission, and capture the group on your own. Proof that you can accomplish a mission successfully.” The Black Wolf practically sneered.
“I can handle it.” Goga said.
“If you succeed and deal with the threat, the Wolves will stand down, but if you fail, the Wolves will have at them. Show them no mercy, Goga, or we will show you no mercy.” The Black Wolf insisted. “You have 12 days to accomplish the task. Does this sound fair to you?” The Black Wolf asked.
“It does. Just one question.” Goga asked.
“Yes?” The Black Wolf said, turning to Goga.
“Do you know which one wields the Black Sword?” Goga asked.
“The Black Sword?” The Black Wolf bristled, growling. “I do not know.” The Black Wolf admitted, his ruffled fur going down. “Keep your eye out, and see which one does.” The Black Wolf said, turning away. “I leave this man in your care. Fare you well, Goga.” The Black Wolf said, leaving behind the injured guard, groaning softly as he faded into unconsciousness.
Hava shuddered. “Why did you have to provoke it?” He asked.
“I just wanted to know what was known about this group that we were supposed to be on the lookout for at Coe Aela,” Goga said, bending down to look at his injured man. “Apparently, not much. Hava, take this side. We must carry him back out onto the path.” Hava came over to help. “One of the horses will have to be used to carry him, unless some of the men can bear him up along on a stretcher.” Goga paused in his conversation as he and Hava hoisted the injured guard up, and carried him back towards the halted guards. 
“Actually, a horse might be better. It would be too unwieldy to carry him around on a stretcher all of the time.” Goga said, before he ordered one of his men to dismount, and surrender his horse to bear the injured man.
“What about--” Hava gasped, a little winded after having helped carry the injured man, and heaving him up onto the horse’s back. “What about the Black Sword? And the--Black Wolf not knowing much?” He asked.
“Either the Black Wolves do not know much about the group, which is likely if Doomba doesn’t want word to spread about them being potential Knights of Arria,” Goga said, strapping down the injured guard as best he could to the horse’s back, “Or not even Doomba knows much. This also could be a possibility, though disturbing.” Goga said, turning to Hava.
“Why?” Hava asked.
“Doomba does not know what he is facing.” Goga said. “Doomba could be facing his end if the Knights wield the Black Sword against him. And that is disturbing.” Goga muttered. “Call in the other guards!” He called out to his men. “We’ll be leaving the area shortly, en masse!”
“What? But they’re just children.” Hava sputtered.
“We’ve established this, Hava, interrogating Janus.” Goga insisted. “They’re not just children, they’re growing up. They have the potential for violence, and that is disturbing.” Goga said. “I don’t think they’re as innocent as Janus would have led you to believe. Especially if they have the potential to unman and overthrow Doomba. That would be chaos for us Followers and Servants of Doomba, because we need Doomba, our leader and our protector, because without Doomba we would be powerless, nothing. Life would have no meaning, and we would be directionless. He gives us our meaning, our power, our direction and--”
“Okay, okay.” Hava said, turning back to his horse.
“You are a Follower of Doomba, are you not?” Goga said, grabbing Hava. “You made the oath to Doomba, you swore to obey him, and you kissed the ring, did you not?” He asked, turning the other man around to face him.
Hava shuddered. “It was disgusting. Imagining how many mouths might have--”
“Never mind that.” Goga said. “You kissed the ring, did you not? And did you--feel something--”
“What, like a--” Hava frowned as he tried to describe it. “Like something was sucking the wind out of me?”
“Exactly. That is part of the ceremony.” Goga said, nodding as he clasped Hava tightly on the shoulder. “And that part--kissing the ring--that is an exchange between you and Doomba. You owe him as much as he owes you. You have a part of him in you as much as he has a part of you in him.” Goga emphasized the last.
“Yes, yes, they said that in the ceremony, but--” Hava gasped. “They mean it, don’t they? That I have a part of Doomba inside of me? And he has a part of me? That is disturbing!” Hava cried.
“Calm down, Hava.” Goga said, patting him on the shoulder. “You made the agreement with your oath. You are a Follower of Doomba now, no matter what.” Goga circled around Hava from behind him. “It’s a spoken agreement, one sealed by the kiss and the exchange of spirits, as one may say. It’s binding even if you break it, Hava.” Goga said, turning to Hava as the other man looked nervous. “You will be a Follower for the rest of your life and even beyond, with a part of your spirit lingering inside of Doomba. Be proud of that.”
“Proud? I’m…Goga, how could you accept that, knowing what you know?” Hava asked, changing the subject.  “You made an oath like that, gave away a part of your self…you wouldn’t have done that if it was Fobata who was accepting your oath!”
“You are right about that.” Goga managed to say, staring at Hava. “I made the oath with Doomba when I was a young man, yet I knew what would happen upfront, because my father had told me about the ceremony beforehand. But it was because I knew what would happen that I decided to do it. I did not want to stay forever in my brother’s shadow. I wanted to stay in Doomba’s shadow forever. I made a choice about what I wanted to do for my future, and I was proud of it.” Goga said. 
“I would obey Doomba, not Fobata. And for that, I would be a better man, a stronger man than he was. For Fobata obeys only himself, and no one else. Even when he participated in the ceremony and kissed the ring, I knew that Fobata held a part of himself away from Doomba. His lips touched the ring only slightly, just enough for him to seal the deal and not reveal too much of himself to Doomba. I kissed the ring fully and embraced Doomba into myself. I felt joy in that moment. The purest joy that I have ever known. I had no qualms about becoming a Follower of Doomba. Not like some members of my immediate family.”
Hava grimaced, shuddering again. “Whatever you say, Goga.” He said.
“Certainly.” Goga’s grin seemed hollow, void of emotion, yet all the more menacing. “Whatever I say.”
“Just one question,” Hava said after a moment, when they had mounted their horses and continued on with the rest of the guards, “Do you think the Black Wolf was speaking as himself, or was Doomba speaking through him, as a part of the Black Wolf?”
“I haven’t got an answer to that.” Goga said after a moment, although now he was concerned that he might have upset Doomba even more. Definitely not the wisest thing for him to do, if he wanted to stay alive.
Chapter 15: Fire on the Mountain
Where Mila and Popo are met, forest to hill,
There rises a mountain some call Old Smoko.
Where Mila and Popo are met, marriage of nature,
There is where Tau rose and took his throne.
--Legends of Arria, Arria

“‘Twenty-nine, twenty-nine, children Za and Wan had,’” Basha sang softly to himself as Gnat snuggled up close to him inside the cave. “Twenty-nine, twenty-nine children ‘til fifteen of them left. They went up, up, they went up, up, to the sky on the mountain. They went up, up, they went up, up to the sky on the mountain--’”
“Stop singing that.” Oaka muttered.
“Sorry.” Basha said.
“Keep singing, Basha.” Fato said, nestled close to Monika on her lap. “We need some music to keep us awake.” The falcon remarked.
“Do you just object to everything I say to annoy me?” Oaka asked.
“Maybe.” Fato confirmed.
After two and a half days of walking and running from Coe Aela, they reached the foothills of the first mountain range in the Popo Hills. They started climbing on the 18th of Markee, managing to make at least 15 miles a day on the foothills and lower slopes of the mountain on that day and then the next, when there was a path and the incline was gentle enough. But then their progress slowed to a crawl the next day and the day after that on the mountainside, especially when they had to grab onto the face of the mountainside, staggering across to reach the other side, their feet threatening to slip down. Monika was of great help to them in those times, with her previous experience of mountain-climbing. She told them of the best foot- and hand-holds, and how to use the rope to secure themselves. Fato kept up with them, and sometimes went ahead, but the wind gusts kept knocking him back.
It was hard to move and rest sometimes in this close to dangling position, but they managed to hang on barely, stopping to rest on any wide ledge they could find before continuing. On the 22nd day, they reached the other side of the mountain, but they had to stop here as the weather got bad. They managed to find a cave, barely more than a rift, on the side of the mountain, as sleet came down and the temperature dropped close to freezing. They had no wood for a fire, no proper kindling to keep them warm in the night.
“Don’t stop singing, Basha.” Gnat said as well, shivering as she looked up at him. “Or at least say something.”
“Like what?” Basha asked, wondering if she looked pale and blue. They probably all looked pale and blue, even Fato beneath his feathers.
Gnat shrugged. “I don’t know. Do you know any stories?” She asked him.
“Of course I do,” Basha said, and hesitated. “Usually only the Old Man…he is a storyteller, or katlin, in our hometown, besides being our protector, he is the one who usually only tells the stories, but I wll try.” Basha said, clearing his throat before he began.

Myth of Tau’s Cup
Mila and Popo recovered from the shock of Tau’s birth slowly, as Tau was put in charge of the ground not covered by Mila’s forest, Popo’s mountains, or Menthar’s desert. Tau performed well in his task, maintaining the grass, fields, prairies and valleys that fell under his domain, watched over by all of his parents, even by Menthar trapped in the desert, until they felt comfortable with having another god like him around. They left him alone, and he wondered if he had upset them somehow, that he had been forced into this task and moved away from their territories. Tau looked up into the sky, and wondered why no one had claimed it yet.
He went up into the sky, possessing the strength and height of Popo, the fire and ferocity of Menthar, the ineffability and inevitability of Loqwa, and the growth and magic of Mila. Whereas all of the other gods had failed to rise above the ground they had fallen upon, after being dropped from the sky in the egg released from Day’s and Night’s union, Tau rose above for he possessed all of the qualities of the other four gods within himself. Tau reached the sky, and the sun, moon, stars and clouds were his. He claimed them for himself and for the other gods. 
He opened a bridge between the sky and earth, the rainbow, and the gods were able to reach the sky again. For this reason, Tau’s domain became the sky, and of the Cloud Rulers the gods became, he was the greatest, known as king of the Cloud Rulers. Mila and Popo had recovered sufficiently enough, and loved each other enough, that they bore a daughter together named Quela, yet Mila’s strength had diminished in death. She allowed Quela to take on some of her responsibilities, namely in the realm of caring for female animals and their offspring as well as nourishing and replenishing the waters of the earth. Tau and Quela eventually wedded each other as the only other gods in their generation, and Quela became queen of the gods. 
Quela eventually bore a daughter named Gorbana, who often wandered in Mila’s forest and joined the predatory animals in their hunt for sustenance, leading to her designation as goddess of the hunt and of animals in general, taking away another of Mila’s responsibilites. Gorbana often associated with Loqwa as Gorbana’s hunt led to the prey’s demise. For a long while, they were the only gods upon the earth, when there was no need for any other gods to do anything as they had very little to do themselves. Nature took its own course, the mechanics of it ran like clockwork or at least were regular enough, and they only had to guide it along in a general thrust.
The gods and animals were the only living beings in existence, and the gods only had to depend upon each other for company, minus Menthar who was in exile from their company, and oftentimes Loqwa, who was busy with his duties even at the start of the earth. Finally, Tau could not stand the boredom.
“This is our world to mold and shape,” Tau said, turning to the other gods, “Yet it is too quiet, too peaceful, too serene.” He paced back and forth. “We need something to stir up this world and reshape it like us, but in a different way. Something not as perfect as us, but something not as crude as animals.” He frowned to himself. “Something simpler than gods, but more complex than animals. Something that needs our attention and devotion when we can determine their lives.” He thrust his hand up into the air. “Something that can attend to, or devote to us as well. Something that can drive us and make us greater than we are!” He cried. “Something that can amuse us or divert us--”
“What is it?” Quela asked, impatiently, “What are you talking about?”
“Another being,” Tau said, taking the Cup from his table, and diving down to earth with it. Tau’s Cup, was the most precious thing seen on Earth yet, a beautiful gold goblet encrusted with black jewels and diamonds along its rim, touched by the Cloud Ruler Tau himself with his mark still upon it. Tau landed in the desert, and looked upon Menthar.
“So you are Tau.” Menthar said, staring upon his son.
“And you are one of my fathers.” Tau grimaced.
“Why are you here?” Menthar asked.
“I want to create a new being that is not a god and not an animal.”
“A little bit of both perhaps?” Menthar asked.
“Perhaps. Menthar, you created the first animals when you boiled the water hot enough to stir life. And you were closest to Loqwa when he dug into the ocean floor. You must have glimpsed some of what was revealed or released during this digging. You know more than some of your fellow gods.”
“Why do you say that?” Menthar asked.
“Menthar, I want to know how to create such a being as I described, and you are my best bet. You know what it takes to give life. You even know what it takes to take it away.”
Menthar grimaced. “I hate being reminded of this, of being punished for what happened to Mila. What can I say or do to end my punishment forever? What can I do to apologize?”
“Apologize? You cannot!” Tau paused a moment. “I will speak with Mila and Popo.” Tau said. “Perhaps enough time has passed that you can be forgiven. Perhaps not. I will do my best if you help me.”
“Take the sand from the desert.” Menthar said. “It has been cooked by the sun, and by my hatred, anger, and envy as I paced across it. You need such coarse sand for what you are about to create. It must have drive and passion, anger and envy, and the evil that comes from it, for that is life.” Menthar said.
Tau scooped up the sand with his Cup, for that was all he had, and drained the desert. He asked Menthar, “What next?”
“Ask your wife and mother.” Menthar said. “Tell your mother what you have bargained for.” Menthar said. Tau grimaced and sighed, leaving Menthar.
Tau went back to the Cloud Rulers, and asked Quela what she would put in the Cup. “Water,” Quela said, nodding. “Water is necessary to sustain life. Life cannot exist without water.” Quela retrieved some water for him as she said, “Water is everything and nothing, much like life. Water is filling. Just a sip and you are satisfied. Yet it leaves you empty and you want more.” She said, turning to Tau with her bowl of water, “Water is endless. It covers the Earth, yet it is precious as well. Water is where life came from. Land rose from the water, animals were borne from it, and our parents were dropped from the sky into water. Water may lead to our demise as well, when we fight over water and drown in it, ingesting too much.” She told him, as he took her bowl, “Water is pure and simple, complex and destructive. Water is love, intelligence, and so much more.”
“Thank you, Quela. Water balances out the sand,” Tau remarked, pouring the water from the bowl into the Cup until the bowl was empty. “But it’s still not enough.” He said when there wasn’t a reaction to create a being. “Something must tip the scale towards life.”
“Where did you go when you were on the earth?” Quela asked him. “Where did you get that sand?”
“That reminds me,” Tau said, turning to his mother Mila. “I bargained with Menthar to help me.”
“What?” Mila cried, aghast at her son’s audacity as Popo frowned.
“Mother, I have to know how to create this being,” Tau said, leaning towards her. “I have to know for it is my destiny. Menthar has the knowledge. He told me to ask you and father Popo for forgiveness, for an end to his punishment. He wants to apologize.”
“Apologize?” Mila gasped. “He cannot, never!” She cried, shaking her head. “No, I will not accept it, whatever he has to say.”
“Do not upset your mother!” Popo told Tau.
“I might accept for you both. Now tell me what to put in this Cup.” Tau said, pointing at it as he waited.
Mila frowned. “Pour your blood into the Cup and breathe.” She said. “Your blood is divine, it has the mix of all your parents in it. Though the sand and water will dilute the power, immortality, and divinity of your blood, it will grant whatever being you create the ability to rise above animals, and to stretch towards the sky. A nobility, a creative force, an identity, an inner drive and purpose, maybe magic, all of this combined is in your blood, and will be granted to this mortal being. Your breath is the final ingredient to grant this being life. I hope you choke.” Mila told Tau, turning away from him. “May you regret this action forever!” She called back to him, leaving the assembly as Popo followed after her towards earth.
“Thank you, mother,” Tau whispered before he grabbed the Cup, cut himself, and poured his blood into the Cup, mixing it with the sand and water inside before he breathed into the Cup. He poured the mixture onto the ground, and created the first human beings, the man Za and the woman Wan, who landed not in the forest, the hills, or even in the fields, but in the desert Menthar had been exiled to. Tau had placed them there until such time as he, Mila, and Popo could talk about ending Menthar’s punishment without getting upset, and the humans would only be a reminder of Tau’s betrayal in Mila’s eyes.

“Enough of this,” Oaka muttered, shaking his head and standing up, interrupting Basha’s story. “I can’t stand it, I can’t stand it,” He said, stirring and disturbing the others in danger of dropping off into a blissful, deadly languor. 
“What’s wrong, Oaka?” Monika asked, opening her eyes.
“I won’t die like this.” Oaka said, reaching around to grab his pack and slip his hand inside. “Not now, not ever.” Oaka said, taking out his letter from Sisila and bending down towards the ground, falling into silence for a moment as he concentrated on the letter and its contents.
“What are you doing?” Basha asked, though he thought he knew. 
“Come on, girl, release me.” Oaka whispered, holding out the letter in his hands. “Help me please.” Suddenly the fire in his fingertips ignited the letter in his hands, and it flared, giving off light, warmth, and energy that the group so desperately needed. The rest of the group huddled close together around Oaka to warm and dry themselves by the perpetual fire that he had created and sustained throughout the night, as Oaka concentrated on the flames long after the letter had burnt up, smoldering into ashes. The light emanated from the cave halfway up the mountain, a faint beacon out into the darkness and the sleet to anyone who looked up towards it.
In the morning, the sleet had dissipated with sunlight warming the mountainside, and the group emerged from the cave to begin their descent. Oaka said nothing about what he had done, though the others thanked him gratefully and quietly in their own ways, understanding what he had sacrificed. To him, though, it was just a piece of paper, as the words he had memorized a long time ago, when the words were the only ones he had left from Sisila, and he had read the letter more times than he could count. The letter’s words would remain with him long after the paper was gone. 
The descent on the moutainside would take two days, but the fortress of Coe Wina would be visible to them throughout this time, as though it was miles away still on the other side of the valley they would have to cross to reach it, Coe Wina rose above the valley floor upon its motte, a combination of natural hill and man-made bulwarks making up the base of its plateau. Though it bristled with turrets, walls, a gatehouse, and barricades upon its slope, Coe Wina impressed the group with its sense of safety as they knew they would not have to fear Coe Aela and Goga anymore, once they were safe behind those walls. This sense of safety lifted their spirits, sped their steps, and made them laugh again coming down the mountainside, counting upon the proximity of the fortress to save their souls.
Basha even joked, “Oaka, if we ever go on another trip like this again, you better remember to bring along our family fiddle for your wise fool antics.” 
“That’s some nice talk, brother,” Oaka scoffed, “If we ever go on another trip like this again!” He gasped. “When we’re done with this trip, I’m never going to set foot on another road again! For as long as I live!” He cried. Gnat giggled.
“Say, what are these wise fool antics?” Monika asked.
“Well, it’s based on those old bard songs about the Wise Fool, I’m sure you must have heard a few of them before.” Oaka said, before he sang, “‘The wise fool, best among men,/He walked along the road and sang,--”
“Til-dee-um-bum!” Basha echoed.
“That’s the one, Basha!” Oaka grinned. “The Wise Fool, I always wanted to be just like him growing up. Taking advantage of those people stronger, faster, richer and smarter than him, those people who had the advantage all of their lives, until they were tricked by the one fool they had underestimated, the wise fool. He was the greatest man for that.” Oaka sighed. “I always hated it whenever he got duped, for the sake of ‘doing good for goodness’s sake’, but he always had the upper hand in any case. He was my hero, the wise fool, not the Knights of Arria.” Oaka muttered.
“So what are the wise fool antics again?” Monika repeated, annoyed.
“Oh, all I do is juggle and joke about life, nothing much, actually,” Oaka said, “But we had a lot of fun doing it. Basha mostly played the fiddle, unless he really wanted to show off his juggling skills to Jawen.” Oaka grinned with Basha grimacing as they remembered the fight on the night of the Courtship ritual.
“Oh, now that is really nothing much for a monkey like you!” Fato exclaimed. “All you have to do is keep the balls up in the air and mention balnor once or twice!” Oaka nearly chased Fato down the mountainside after that remark, but Basha and Monika just let them go, with Gnat laughing after them. 
“Look, Basha,” Monika said, pointing down at the valley floor near the mountainside. “A grove of trees. By tomorrow evening, we’ll be down there.”
Basha nodded. “Good place to camp, I suppose, at least it’s some shelter.” He remarked.
“Or we could cross the valley during the night,” She suggested, “And reach the castle by dawn.” She seemed to lean towards that idea a little.
Basha hesitated. “While that does sound like the best way to go, I suppose we’ll be too tired to make the trip during the night. Plus, we do not know the terrain well, and this valley does not appear to be completely flat.”
She nodded. “Dips and rises, I see what you mean. We might trip or fall in the dark. I suppose you are right, that the best thing we can do tomorrow night is to stop and rest.” She said, continuing on.
However, that evening as they stopped to rest on the mountainside, about a quarter of a way up its height, Gnat scanned the horizon, marveling at how high up they were, how far they could see, when she noticed something towards the northeast, towards the edge of the mountainside in that direction. “Is that smoke?” She asked.
By the dimming light of sunset, the others turned their heads towards where she pointed, and spotted a cloud, a wisp of smoke that seemed to hint of something in that direction. “It seems to be, although we are so high up,” Oaka started to say, “It could be just--”
“Fato, I think you should go check it out.” Monika said.
“Right you are,” The falcon said, and departed before anyone else could speak. They sat there for a few minutes in silence until sunlight faded and darkness took over, watching the smoke that continued to rise in small puffs from far away and beneath them. The cloud remained constant in its reformation, never vanishing away completely when new strands would appear just as the old ones started to fade. They could even smell soot on the breeze.
“Do you think Fato will find them?” Gnat asked.
“I think so.” Basha said.
“It doesn’t matter which way we turn, they always keep coming after and finding us. What are we going to do now?” Oaka muttered.
“How far away are they?” Basha asked Monika, ignoring Oaka.
“Thirty, forty, fifty miles--” Monika shrugged as she tried to discern their location. “It doesn’t matter. By the time we reached the bottom of the mountainside, they will probably already be there to greet us.” She whispered. “And then we would have to fight them to survive.”
“We could stay up here.” Oaka said, tilting his head back. “Climb higher. Go another way, avoid Coe Wina. We could even keep going down in the dark, reach the bottom sooner and race to Coe Wina in the hopes of avoiding Goga and his forces.” He listed their options.
“They would chase us down in the valley. They might climb up after us. They would continue to follow us, no matter which way we go,” Basha said, shutting his eyes as he listed the results. “We can’t keep going forever, not like they can.” He said. 
Basha felt a strange resentment bubbling up inside of him in that moment, something that had threatened to spill over for days, just waiting to come out. Why did he and the others have to deal with all of this mess, all of this danger? Why couldn’t they just live a normal life like most people did, with nothing more to worry about than a common cold or crops failing or being evicted from his home? Something that didn’t involved being chased down by Black Wolves and Goga’s men? At least in normal life, life-altering or life-changing events didn’t mean that you would get run down and killed. You might get hurt and eventually would have to face your death, but not like this. Please, gods, not like this, not with his friends or his brother.
“What can we do?” Gnat whimpered, but no one answered her. 
Basha just clutched Gnat’s hand. “We’re going to make it, you’ll see,” He whispered, not really believing his words.
Fato returned with the news that they had already expected, and then they sat in silence. They ate little that night, especially with their rations dwindling, and then they huddled together for warmth. It wasn’t as cold as last night, but they felt the chill on the mountainside and inside themselves. They needed company. There was nothing that they could do now, and they did not feel like traveling on in the dark to try beating the inevitable, when it was already here, or would soon be. They tried to sleep, but it was pointless.
They roused themselves from a restive trance as the first light approached in the sky from the other side of the mountain on the 25th day of Markee, not even dawn and yet they were all ready to continue on, the humans trudging down the mountainside in a bleary wakefulness. The sun moved on, and rose ever higher that morning. They managed to find their steps without slipping, and did not look up as Fato flew ahead.
“Why even bother?” Oaka muttered to himself. The falcon could not help them, even if he managed to reach Coe Wina and convinced the people there to send help to the group--they would already be dead.
Basha lifted his head and stopped walking. “Look,” He said, pointing down.
Now wide awake, the others stopped walking and looked down as well. Beneath them, near the grove of trees Monika had seen yesterday, they spotted a lone figure in red and black uniform begin the climb up the mountainside.
“Red and black?” Monika said.
“It does appear to be that way,” Oaka remarked.
“It could be a guard from Coe Wina!” Gnat cried. “Red and black are definitely not Coe Aela’s colors.” She said.
“It could be, but how did this person get here so fast?” Basha asked. “Did he know that we needed help? And why is he here?”
“I think it will be another hour or two before we are close enough to even shout such questions at him,” Monika said, and then they continued down, now racing to reach the figure coming up to meet them.
“Hello!” Basha called when they were close enough.
“Hello!” The figure called from far below, stopping to raise his voice towards them. He sounded faint, but at least they could hear him.
“We are coming to you! Are you from Coe Wina?” Basha shouted back.
“Yes!” The voice called up in reply.
“That sounds promising.” Basha said to the group.
“Can we believe him, Basha?” Oaka asked.
“Do we have a choice?” Basha asked. “It’s either him, and whoever else might be with him, or wait for Goga and his men to show up.”
“You give us such tough choices.” Oaka said.
“These are our only choices, unless you can think of any,” Basha said, shaking his head as he turned away from Oaka. “We have to hurry up, before it might be too late.” He said, climbing down. “Sir!” Basha called out to the man below. “We need help! We are being chased by men from Coe Aela!” He cried.
	
The distance around the mountain had been longer than going over the mountain, but Captain Goga had been certain that he and his men would meet the group coming down the mountain tomorrow morning or later on, as the horrible weather on the upper slopes of the mountain must have slowed them down in their ascent or descent. He had been unable to spot the group climbing or descending the mountain when the telescope he had in his possession was not powerful enough to focus on such minute details, but he felt certain that the group would try to scale the mountain before attempting to circumnavigate it. They might have the foolish notion that a mountain ascent would be faster than going around. 
Goga would catch them one way or the other, as all he had to do was wait. He could not proceed until he was certain that they would or would not pass by here, and he could not proceed without further risking arousal of Lord Lagotaq’s ire. He also did not want to risk upsetting Doomba even further by letting these youths get away from him. He had known the risk coming into this mess, as it was obvious, and it was even worse now that they were in the shadow of Coe Wina so to speak, with the fortress a few miles away from here on its mound. All he had to do was just keep his head, watch himself and the other guards as they proceeded to chase down the group, and then be quick about their business so that they could leave the area as soon as possible. 
At least he might hope Lord Lagotaq would be forgiving, able to understand that what he, Captain Goga, was doing here was dealing with some personal, private business that had just happened to spill over onto Lord Lagotaq’s land, and could be dealt with accordingly and swiftly before he would retreat. Not judging too swiftly, mind, that it could be constituted as a threat. Unless Lord Lagotaq had developed senility, then, and would not happen to notice the force of men crossing his land—well, Goga hoped for this, too. He knew that Doomba would never forgive him if he failed.
Goga and his men approached a grove of trees near the base of the mountain that afternoon as the sun slowly dropped in the sky. He felt that this might be the best place to wait out for their descent to reach him as the shade might block their view of his forces. His telescope was out, scanning the mountainside as usual, but not a trace could be seen. He wondered if he had missed them. Perhaps they had seen his approach--
“Captain Goga! Captain!”
“What? What is it?” Captain Goga asked, turning around to greet the guard coming up towards him. Hava hovered in the background, as he usually did these days.
“Some of the horses have wandered off again. Their riders have gone in search of them.”
“Is that all?” Goga sighed, annoyed at being bothered by such a trivial matter. “Is it the same three horses?” He asked, remembering the previous occasion. 
“The exact same three. They’ve been trouble ever since we left Coe Aela.” The guard remarked. “That’s twice now they’ve wandered off, and they’ve always acted up.”
“I believe those horses were requisitioned from the stables,” Hava remarked, scribbling down a note in his developing manuscript of Goga’s history. “The horses might have belonged to the group we have been chasing, before the group left Coe Aela, and perhaps that is why they act up.” He said.
Goga paused a moment to think. “You know, that is perhaps the first sensible thing you have ever said, Hava.” He said.
Hava stopped writing. “The first?” He asked.
“All right, you have said more, much more, but that is perhaps the best,” Goga told Hava, before turning to the guard. “Spread the word. All men on foot, be alert, and prepare to scour the grove. All men on horses--follow me.” He told the guard. The guard ran off to inform the others, and Goga turned to the scribe. “Hava?” He asked.
“Yes, what?” Hava asked, caught up in the action as the men prepared themselves with the mounted guards coming towards them.
“Give up your horse to a man who needs it more, and stay with the guards on foot!” The captain ordered. “Or better yet, don’t go into the grove at all. We don’t need you to help us!” 
“What? After I came all this way?” Hava cried.
“Just do it!” Goga told him, and then turned to his mounted men, six of them for now, with three gone to look for their horses, and the seventh about to exchange places with Hava. “Men of Coe Aela--no, you all are my brothers.” He said hurriedly. “We ride towards Coe Wina. I don’t know what is to happen next, but I believe that the chase is almost done, one way or the other. The group is near, I feel that now, and they are within our grasp, but it is a dangerous thing we do now, especially when Coe Wina is so near. But we are not cowardly sheep scum, no, we will not turn back. We will continue on and find them before they reach the castle. We will be swift and to the point!” He cried, riding off with all seven men.
Hava was left with the ten remaining guards on foot, but then they continued on towards the grove, to check if anyone was in there, and he was alone, out in the open with quill, book, and paper still in his hands, his packs on the ground. They had lost one man already, the man whose left leg had been torn apart by a Black Wolf had died of his injuries, and they would lose more now.
Hava grumbled to himself, kicking the ground. He should have known better, he should have expected that this would happen eventually, that he would be kept out of the action, but he had gotten used to the idea that he would be privileged enough to know and understand what was going on at Coe Aela and with Captain Goga, so that he could write about it someday. Captain Goga was an intriguing character, and though Hava had been reluctant at first to be partnered up with him, to write for him, at least he had gotten something interesting out of the deal, in the fact that he might be on the front line with a rising star who could be an important Follower of Doomba someday, not to mention lord of Coe Aela. That alone might be worth the trip. 
But now he was left out, and he wouldn’t know for certain just what happened, only what Goga and his men would care to mention to him. Next time, Hava swore, he would not be left out of Goga’s activities, he would become involved.
The men had entered the grove, and next he heard a scream from that direction--he knew immediately that it had been an ambush, especially as the trees themselves seemed to move with the force of the attack. He picked up as many of his packs as he could and ran; he had to get away before whoever was in the grove attacked him as well. Perhaps he would go up the mountain, as at least he knew there might be some shelter up there, away from the range of their bows and arrows. This valley had ridges, hillocks, and ravines, some trees as well, where he might find shelter and hiding spaces for awhile, but it was all still too close to Coe Wina for him to feel comfortable, and he would eventually have to move out of this valley to get as far away from Coe Wina as possible. No, the mountain was his best bet, he would climb if he had to, perhaps cross over to the other side of the mountain, back towards Mila Forest, or he might traverse the range. Become a hermit if he had to, ha-ha, but no, he had to get away.

Goga and his seven men rode across the valley, their horses pounding the ground with thirty-two hooves, and he grimaced to himself. Perhaps he should have thought this out better, made certain that he had a plan in place when he went around the mountain to capture the group, but there was no way he could have anticipated every possibility of the group’s movements. Perhaps Fobata would have done a better job at this, he was the strategist of their unit during the campaign waged against Urso almost twenty years ago, but Fobata wasn’t here, was he? No, it was just him and his men now, just the way it should be, although Goga dearly wished that his brother would--
Suddenly, Goga noticed the lip of the ridge ahead, the drop, and what could only be a wide ravine ahead—“Pull up!” He called, jerking back on the reins of his horse and startling the beast at the sudden arrest, but the other horses and their riders went on ahead. 
The riders were either unwilling or unheeding of the warning or unable to stop their horses, too eager in the chase as their horses jumped into the ravine or fell in, close to a copse of trees larger than the grove they had passed by before. He skirted the edge of the ravine, pulling his horse around to find another way down, when suddenly arrows flew through the air from the direction of the copse, killing two or three of his men and their horses.
Goga’s horse retreated, and he gasped, watching in horror as a red-and-black platoon of Coe Wina guards rushed out of the copse to capture the remaining men. “The fools, the poor fools,” He muttered to himself, and spurred his horse to flight once more, though this time away from the ravine and the massacre. 
He could not sacrifice himself as his men had done, heedless and ignorant of the consequences, for he knew what was to come, and he knew that the best way to repay the Coe Wina guards in kind was to survive, and return in time to Coe Wina, with a force that would crush and overwhelm Lord Lagotaq and his men. Unlikely as that was in his current condition, when he knew only that he was the last one left alive of the men that had gone south from Coe Aela, and perhaps would be chased until his death by the Coe Wina guards, but he could hope, could he not? Hope, the cruelest thing of all, how he despised it in that moment.

As the Coe Wina guard led Basha and his friends down the mountainside, towards the grove with the sun setting before them, he called, “Squad A! Status!”
Several men emerged from the grove, dressed in red and black uniforms. “We have captured two men, the rest of the Coe Aela guards who entered the grove are either dead or dying,” One of them said. “All of the men were on foot, but the first three who entered the grove were chasing three horses--”
Suddenly, the animals in question burst out of the grove, startling the Coe Wina guards present, but Basha, Monika, and Oaka called out to their horses, and staggered forward to greet and subdue the animals. The Coe Wina guards who had been put in charge of handling the animals followed soon afterward, having failed in their attempts to wrangle the animals into formation for the journey back to Coe Wina, but now they were appalled at how quickly the animals took to these strangers.
“I take it these are your animals?” One of the guards asked.
“Yes, they are, we had been been forced to leave them behind us at Coe Aela,” Basha said, brushing Talan’s forehead as the animal kept butting her muzzle at him. “We have missed them very much.” He said.
“I suppose you may keep them.” The Squad A leader said. “We have no use for them, and your feet can rest on the ride back to Coe Wina. But wait right here, don’t mount up just yet.” The leader warned them as they moved towards their horses. “We will collect the prisoners, and then we will continue the rest of the way together. We must meet up with the rest of our platoon at their copse, and see if they had any success with their ambush.”
“Platoon? Copse--are there more of you?” Gnat asked.
“Yes. We will explain later.” Squad A Leader said.
“Why don’t you explain it now?” Oaka asked.
“It’s too complicated, now hush.” He ordered, as his squad emerged from the trees with their prisoners. The group was ordered to mount up, with Gnat sitting behind Basha on Talan and Fato flying above them, as they were escorted the rest of the way to Coe Wina, with a brief stop at the ravine. 
Talan, Deja, and Joko fidgeted as they approached, and then threatened to rear at the smell of the corpses in the ravine. Even humans with less sensitive noses started to gag. But a few of the soldiers had taken charge of the horses, to stop the group from riding off if they so intended, and calmed the animals down. They were forced to continue on. Gnat covered her eyes, unwilling to look into the ravine as Basha, Monika, Oaka and Fato stared down, unwilling to look away as they knew that they were responsible for this bloodshed, having brought the Coe Aela guards to the ambush. They had to face what they had done. 
The action long since over, and the smell having alerted them to what to expect so that they might steel themselves, meant that they weren’t quite as shocked as they might have been, if they had come to a fight like this unawares as participants. But they still were unsteady in their seats as they contemplated the awful scene, and had to hold on tightly to their horses. Basha recalled the fight that he had been a part of in the warehouse about two weeks ago, and how much worse it was to be a part of such an action, like one of the Coe Wina guards who had attacked the Coe Aela guards, or one of the Coe Aela guards. To be involved in such bloodshed, and yet to be removed from it as well, unable to process fully what was happening around them except for what needed to be done in the moment. Everything was filtered through the senses, and the edges were always dulled in a fight like that, until reflection made them more vivid in the mind. The men who survived would remember.
Basha remembered what he had feared on the mountainside, being chased down and killed by Goga’s men, and how it was now the Coe Aela guards who had faced a similar fate. It didn’t make him feel any better, or braver. It just made him feel worse.
Monika studied the dead and captured men from where she sat on Deja, and asked, “Where is Captain Goga? Was he amongst them?”
“We saw his flag,” One of the Coe Wina guards said, as more prisoners and the rest of the platoon joined the squad. “His personal flag, just as the Coe Aela guards approached the grove close to the mountainside, but he was not here, nor was he over there. We believe he got away,” He said, looking up at the group. “A horse and rider were spotted at the top of the ravine just as the fight started, and it fled. We sent several men after him. Hopefully they will capture or kill him.”
The group inhaled and shuddered at the thought of Goga still on the loose, with Gnat in particular clutching Basha tighter and making it difficult for him to breathe a little, but there was nothing they could do for now, just hope that the Coe Wina guards would prevail. The group continued on, pushed by the Coe Wina guards past the copse and its carnage, towards the castle on its motte, along with the captured Coe Aela guards. 
They had questions about what had occurred, and how it had come about, but Basha and his friends did not feel free to speak to the Coe Wina guards, who were even more austere and stoic than the Coe Aela guards that they had previously known. The group members found it difficult to believe that they were safe here and even thought that they might have made a mistake in coming to Coe Wina. Captain Goga and his guards might have been defeated, with their pursuit of the group ended, but the group members did not feel comfortable with, and were even more intimidated by, the Coe Wina guards, after having witnessed the outcome of their ambush upon the Coe Aela guards. They feared that the same fate might await them and that, in the end, Coe Wina would prove to be no different than Coe Aela.
This motley collection of people went up to the massive gatehouse at the base of Coe Wina’s motte, and then, once the portcullis had been raised, they entered the first bailey of the estate, which included subsidiary buildings like the guardhouse, forge, and kitchens. The guests were forced to dismount here, as Talan, Deja, and Joko were taken away once more to the stables. The horses put up a bit of a fight with the servants, after having been reunited with their original owners not that long ago, and Basha, Monika, and Oaka didn’t exactly blame them.
Fato fluttered down to land on Basha’s shoulder. “Do you just choose people to land upon to please yourself?” Basha asked the bird in a low voice, so as not to be heard by the guards, but he was slightly exasperated with the situation in general, not just with the bird. The horses, Goga’s escape, being captured by the Coe Wina guards--it was just too much for him to deal with right now.
“Consider it an honor that I regard you so much,” Fato remarked to him.
“He does seem to favor you,” Gnat remarked, standing next to Basha now instead of clinging to him, as she had done on Talan. 
“I didn’t ask to be honored or favored in such a manner.” Basha said. He wondered if he was attracting people to him more now than ever before, now that he was on his quest. 
Monika stared at him, a young man surrounded by bird and girl, and laughed. It was rather embarrassing.
After the prisoners had been escorted into the guardhouse, which led into the dungeons, the guests were led up the barricaded slope, which featured obstructions and traps designed to impede invaders, to the second bailey at the top of the plateau, which contained the castle itself. Thick walls surrounded everything from top to bottom. The Coe Wina guards escorting the group made them stop here in the second bailey, as one of the guards went forward into the castle, possibly to announce their presence to his lord.
“This is massive.” Oaka said, breaking the silence after a few minutes.
“One of the largest and most well-fortified castles in the world,” Fato remarked.
“Indeed it is,” Basha said, turning to Monika. “What do you think?” He asked her.
Monika sighed. “I think that it is one of the most redoubtable fortresses I have ever seen, although I may have seen one or two that do go beyond even what Coe Wina has to offer.” She said as Basha whistled.
“Are you joking?” Gnat asked her.
“Do I look like I am?” Monika teased.
“No talking.” A guard hissed, and the group fell silent once more until the castle door opened. An older gentleman, of about 59 years, stepped out, dressed in fur-lined robes that overwhelmed his slim body, his face a crag of weathered and brow-beaten lines, by storms, erosion, avalanches and eruptions that had taken their toll upon him. His face also contained bright, yet penetrating eyes that overwhelmed others with a glamour of their own, and a smile that seemed genuine even if faulty. His graying hair, which appeared to be chestnut originally, reminded Basha of the steward Marlo that they had met in Coe Aela briefly just before they found out what sort of a place that was. 
Basha blocked out that tainted memory as the group bowed their heads, assuming that this was Lord Lagotaq since the guards were doing the same, and Lord Lagotaq waved a trembling hand at them. “Don’t bother, I’m not here just for pleasantries. Welcome to Coe Wina, I am Lord Lagotaq, your host and Duke of this castle, and I would like to ask you all--which one of you has the fire power?” He said.
“I--I suppose you can say I do, Your Grace” Oaka said, lifting his hand as the other members of the group stared at each other in astonishment. 
“Prove it.” Lord Lagotaq commanded.
Oaka closed his eyes and then concentrated on Sisila, until the sparks and flames appeared in his hands, glowing with the intensity of a small sun. “Is that enough, Your Grace?” He asked. There was a small light that danced off of the edges of his vision then, coming from the castle, until he had quenched his flames.
“It is enough.” Lord Lagotaq said, turning around and whistling. A page emerged from the shadows of the doorway, carrying a long, narrow, and short chest, which cracked at the edges, rusted on the hinges, and had a thick layer of grime covering its surface, as well as other signs of indeterminate old age. A prickle of lightning went up Oaka’s spine then and made him shudder. The page managed to get the chest through the doorway and then conveyed it to his lord, holding it up for Lord Lagotaq to delve into the pockets of his fur-lined robes, retrieve a key, unlock all of the clasps and remove them to reveal a shimmering haze. 
A blaze of bright orange, red, green, yellow, magenta, copper, burnished gold, black, gray and white hit their eyes and blinded them, hypnotizing them into seeing nothing else but the flames full of sparkle and life, flickering and dancing lazily until the flames roared into a monstrous inferno that swept everything else aside, except for what it swallowed whole. The blaze finally settled down into a sheen of bright-red, almost brighter than blood, along its cracked leather hilt and blade, which curved incrementally on its long, straight path to a sharp point, yet the lines forged into the steel were wavering constantly, with a glow of their own.
Oaka stepped forward, awed and attracted by the light, as Lord Lagotaq removed the Red Sword and its red scabbard from the chest, holding them out for the young man to grasp. Oaka felt at once comforted by the warmth and lightness of the Red Sword as it reminded him of Sisila lying against his chest underneath the bushes, in Suma and in all other seasons, breathing with him and their hearts beating together. He almost thought he could hear and feel her heartbeat in that moment, but something about it was different for him.
“My name is Oaka, and I bind this Sword to me. Thank you.” He whispered.
As Oaka stepped off to the side and practiced swinging the Red Sword, with the guards watching him, Lord Lagotaq reported, “A few nights ago, when there was a storm on the Old Smoko mountain range a few miles away from here, I was in my study writing, when the Red Sword...stirred in its chest. It caused a commotion where it was stored, and the servants had to bring it up from the basement before it damaged some other items. I was informed of the situation, and I came down to see what could be done to quell the thing. 
“A light was shining forth from the chest, which grew even brighter when I opened the chest, and then it narrowed into a pinpoint of light, a beam that traced its way towards a window. I looked out, and saw the light, a faint, distant beacon, reflected back here from somewhere on the mountainside. I assume that was your friend here,” Lagotaq said, nodding towards Oaka, who appeared to quite like the Red Sword with the wide grin on his face, “And I had some idea of what it meant, but I wanted to be certain. After that, I ordered some of my men to go investigate.”
“We reached the foot of the Old Smoko mountain range, and then concealed ourselves as best we could in prime positions,” The Squad A leader, who had promised the group an explanation before, said. “Squad A in the grove and the rest of us in the copse, to defend ourselves or to attack whomever might be coming. We sent out scouts, one of whom started to climb the Old Smoko in order to meet you all, and another of which spotted the approach of Coe Aela’s men--armed, and searching, oftentimes looking up the mountain. We judged the situation accordingly, and reacted as we saw fit. We only took you all into custody to be extra cautious.”
“You touched the Red Sword, Your Grace.” Basha said to Lord Lagotaq.
“What?” The Duke of Coe Wina asked, as the others stared at Basha in shock. 
Oaka sheathed the Red Sword, satisfied for now that he had a Sword of Arria, and was indeed a potential Knight of Arria, just like Basha and Monika were. He would not be left out, a follower or hanger-on like Fato and possibly Gnat were. He returned to the group, and listened to the conversation more attentively than before, though he was thinking to himself that he was indeed grander than any nobleman Sisila might have had.
“You touched the Red Sword when you handed it over to Oaka without getting burned, Your Grace.” Basha said. “It has been my experience that those who have...a certain power, or can touch one Sword in particular, the Black Sword, can touch all of the other Swords without getting burned.” He said. “They might feel uncomfortable, but they can.”
“Who are you?” Lord Lagotaq asked him.
“My name is Basha, your Grace. I am on a quest from Coe Baba to fetch Tau’s Cup, and I wield the Black Sword.” Basha said, deciding it would be his duty to introduce everyone again. “This is--” He started to say.
“Monika,” She spoke up on her own, stepping forward and bowing. “Your Grace. I am of the Windbow society from the Za Desert, I was trained in the Water techniques at the Valao monastery in Angora, and I am an associate of your country’s Border Guard. I wield the Blue Sword.” She said, and then stepped back.
“It is an honor to meet you.” Lord Lagotaq said, though he seemed a little tense.
“This is the most I have ever heard you say, concerning--” Basha said, turning to Monika.
“My name is Gnat, your Grace,” The girl said, interrupting Basha, “I was a servant at Coe Aela until they came and changed everything.” She indicated the group. “Basha said I should come with them on his quest, after I helped them escape, and I also fetched back the Black Sword when it was stolen from Basha’s pack by Captain Goga. He was going to use it.” She insisted. “That would have been scary, your Grace. I can touch the Black and the Blue Swords without getting hurt, but they do not belong to me. Nisa touched the Black Sword once, just for a moment, but she got burned from it, just handing it over to me. And Captain Goga could touch the Black Sword as well without getting hurt, I think. I wonder if that means anything.” She added.
“I think it does. Thank you for helping out this group, Gnat, you have done well.” Lord Lagotaq said, staring in astonishment at the girl. “Perhaps we might go inside to continue these introductions,” Lord Lagotaq said, turning away and heading into the castle, “And I can continue my conversation.” He added in a low breath to himself.
The group members glanced uncertainly at each other, especially as a few of the guards that had escorted them all the way up here to the second bailey followed them into the castle. “Are we in danger again?” Oaka asked the others in a low tone. “I missed part of the conversation.” He said.
“I don’t think so, not really.” Basha said. “Lord Lagotaq was telling us that your Red Sword reacted when you started your fire on the mountainside, like it was alive and knew where you were, and Lord Lagotaq sent his guards out to investigate. I think he knows or suspects that we might be Knights of Arria. But I think it’s safe.” He added, marveling, “We were on the Old Smoko mountain range.”
“I hope so, Basha.” Oaka said, glancing back at the guards. “I hope so as well. But at least we are ready this time, if things go wrong,” He said, thinking of the Swords.
“Are we?” Basha asked.
“I think so, at least we are together.” Oaka remarked.
“Good to know.” Basha said, nodding.

Defeat, bittersweet defeat, Doomba sighed to himself. He could feel it from far away, Goga had failed in his task. Perhaps he should have let the Black Wolves tear up the Knights of Arria before they even arrived at Coe Aela, but it was too late now. As far as Doomba was concerned, with such monstrous failures behind them, both Fobata and Goga were dead to him. He had to look to other Followers and Servants now.
Doomba raised his head then, the mask shifting with him, as a gruelmoff flew in through the window of his throne room, although there wasn’t a window as such as much as there was an opening into the nothingness inside, without having the bird go through the entire castle to reach him. The bird had flown a long way, at great speed, to convey what was obviously a very important message to Doomba as quickly as possible, so Doomba had allowed this convenience for the animal.
“Speak,” Doomba ordered.
The gruelmoff landed upon the floor, and inhaled deeply to revive itself, before it began, “‘My lord Doomba, your Follower Fobata is grieved to say that the travelers, who arrived here at Coe Aela as Lord Crow warned us on Markee 14, have escaped. They seem to have received help in their escape from a servant woman, who prevented Goga from confiscating the Black Sword that one of them possessed. This seems to indicate that they were Knights of Arria, though we cannot confirm this. I apologize for this misfortune, as we had no warning beyond their date of arrival of who to expect, and we were unprepared for such a possibility. We had as many guards as we could possibly arrange on standby to make sure that they could not get out through any possible exit, but they somehow seemed to have found a way. My brother Goga and most of my guards are now searching across the country for the group, to destroy them if they cannot be captured again, and I am taking measures to search for the servant woman responsible in aiding them so that she can be punished as well. Just in case anything goes wrong with Goga’s search, I urge you send out your creatures to find them as well. Sincerely, Lord Fobata.’” The gruelmoff completed the message before it promptly collapsed upon the floor, and died from exhaustation.
“Useless. Utterly useless.” Doomba said, staring down at the gruelmoff carcass on the floor. “What a waste.” He muttered, and called upon a gringrok to dispose of the carcass. As the gringrok dragged off the carcass, with several more waiting outside the throne room in anticipation of the feast to come, which would be fulfilling even though gruelmoff meat was not delicious, Doomba contemplated the full extent of what he did and didn’t know, based on the message. 
Travelers, yes, they were in a group, the Knights and the tiger amongst them, Coe Aela on Markee 14, yes, he had not known the exact date, which did not really matter to him in the end, but he had known the location, and…Lord Crow? What had Lord Crow been doing, telling Lord Fobata about these travelers coming to visit him without telling him anything else? Did Crow know that they were Knights of Arria, and that the tiger of light was amongst them? What had Lord Crow known about these travelers in the first place? 
Doomba would have to settle this matter with Lord Crow before too long, otherwise he might begin to suspect what one of his most loyal Followers had been doing. Passing on barely more than a hint of such important information to Lord Fobata the imbecile, who was bound to have failed in this mission without understanding who he was dealing with or what he was supposed to do, and certainly Lord Crow had not told Doomba anything of what he might have suspected or known about these travelers. For this offense alone, Doomba could destroy Lord Crow without any other excuse needed, but he paused here a moment to think.
Lord Crow had served him loyally in the past, and had provided him with useful information such as ‘The Tiger’s Prophecy’, which Doomba could not discredit too quickly or else he might lose a reliable source of power, someone capable of coordinating and guiding other Followers in the right direction. Of course, Lord Crow might also be a threat considering that his personal influence had grown, in both the social realm and in the responsibilities granted to him by Doomba, over the years, and he could use that influence to the detriment of Doomba’s efforts if he so desired, pushing Followers in the wrong direction, or blocking them entirely, and it might be for the sake of destroying him in the end. 
Doomba had put too much trust into this man, who might not deserve it. Who was Lord Crow that Doomba should fear him? Who was Lord Crow that Doomba should set such store in him? Who was Lord Crow to think that he could stand above any other Followers? It was foolish, in a way, to think of Lord Crow as a threat, he was nothing compared to Doomba, an ordinary man just like any other, and yet he was not completely harmless. 
He had some skill and intelligence, after all, coming up with plans to take over the kingdom and finding out secrets kept hidden from Doomba’s sight. He knew more than he expressed, which made him someone to consider. Not every man was like him. For now, Doomba would observe Lord Crow whenever he got the chance, to ensure that the lord was going about business as usual without any hidden or deceitful activity upon his account, unrelated to Follower business, of course. And then, if anything should come up that seemed too underhanded even for a Follower, Doomba would press upon his crony in every way possible until Lord Crow broke and confessed to treachery, or died, though breaking and confessing to treachery would probably lead to death.
One final question remained, though: who was the servant woman who had helped the travelers, the Knights and the tiger, escape? That was something Doomba would dearly want to know, the first proof that the tiger’s protectors existed. They would be severely punished for having kept the identity of the tiger a secret from him for so long.
One of the gringroks slipped back into the throne room, wiping off some drool and gruelmoff blood, before it said, “Oh, I forgot to tell you. Apparently, the great creatures in the Pits have stopped working.”
“What?” Doomba said, swiveling his head around to glare at the beast.
“Yes, a Trolla came with the message. It didn’t want to see you, though.” The gringrok said, cowering back slightly.
“Insubordination, never have I tolerated such…” Doomba paused and frowned to himself. “The great creatures have stopped working, the flooding in the tunnel, the escape attempt, the stolen equipment and the disturbances…yes, something is going on down there, but maybe it’s not the Trollas who are to blame. Maybe one of the great creatures is causing the riot. We know how to punish them, though, don’t we?” Doomba asked.
“Right away, sire, I shall pass along the message.” The gringrok said, scurrying off.
Chapter 16: Cacophony Chaos
Confusion and disorder is a common thing to
Recognize in the chaos that is life. Recognizing
What to do in these situations, when the maelstorm
Can open up and swallow you whole, is another matter.
--A saying from Pinal

Hastin wandered through the park in front of the town council hall, unable to imagine how so many people could squeeze onto this plot of land, especially since it had been taken up by trees, bushes, benches, and even a clock tower. But they managed somehow, with only minor spillage out onto the street that surrounded what had once been the town square the children had fought over so many years ago. All of these witnesses, lumberjacks, farmers, mill workers, wives, husbands, shop owners, craftspeople, even a few members of the town militia, all of these people here to watch as the candidates running for mayor of Coe Baba stood up in front of them to give them great soaring speeches on why they should vote for this particular person. 
Hastin didn’t know if it was some kind of spell, a delusion to make them believe these candidates could make some kind of difference in their lives as mayor of Coe Baba, or if it was just some form of distraction from their ordinary lives to see these individuals competing against each other, perhaps with a little bloodletting involved. Whatever it was, Hastin thought it was working, with its effect on the crowd. These people were intrigued and caught up in the action, perhaps even thinking that what these candidates offered them was real. But it wasn’t real, it could never be real. No mayor in the history of Coe Baba had ever made a difference as far as he was aware of. As far as he knew, there was no chance that any mayor could cause any real change in the lives of these people.
Now his father Baron Augwys had some real power over the townspeople here in Coe Baba, being able to enforce laws, levy taxes, and officiate over civil ceremonies. He could cause some serious, drastic changes if he so wished, though he hardly ever did. People here had trouble acknowledging the baron’s power over them, hating and fearing the possibility that he might exercise his power over them. Thus, Baron Augwys restrained himself as much as possible, knowing that they might turn on him and on the government of Arria if he went beyond the bonds of acceptable behavior, taxing them too strongly or being too strict in enforcement. 
Hastin hated the fact that his own father, who was technically the most powerful authority figure in town, had to bow down to the whims and expectations of the townspeople, and relinquish some of his power to them. But even Hastin had to acknowledge that the baron’s power would mean nothing here, if people did not accept him, and so Hastin had to accept the fact that the townspeople had the right to pick a mayoral candidate to represent them, and the baron had the right to stay out of this mayoral election, if he so chose. Thus, Hastin was here to witness the mayoral debate, and take the temperature of public opinion on his own, while his father had decided to stay at home, not wanting to be seen as favoring one candidate over another, which he might since one of those candidates was Lapo, his friend and business partner.
There was also no chance that Hastin would ever run for mayor. For one thing, he didn’t have to, when he was at least guaranteed some security in life as one of Baron Augwys’s sons. This meant that he had a certain amount of freedom in his life to decide what he wanted to do with it. He didn’t feel like parading himself about, degrading himself and his candidacy, and lying to people just for the chance to get a powerless position of authority when he already had one, thank you very much. He didn’t know what he wanted out of life, or what he would do with his life, but at least he didn’t have to stand up and make speeches about what he believed in, or what he could do to improve other people’s lots in life. He was comfortable with his lot in life, thank you very much, and he didn’t need to improve his own, or anyone else’s.
For another thing, he had already embarrassed himself once or twice trying to take a stand for what he believed in, and degrade Basha and Oaka in the process, and what had that led to in the end? His sister hated him, his father berated him, the townspeople distrusted him, Sir Nickleby had quit the town militia because of him and Jawen did not love him. What did that amount to? He had lost the popularity contest. Hastin had a lot of people turned against him, and no certainty that he would ever find success currying their favor. At this rate, he would never be able to satisfy anybody but himself, and even then he didn’t feel very satisfied. He had to find something that would bring him peace, and maybe win again the hearts and minds of the people who had turned against him. The position of mayor of Coe Baba didn’t have the strength necessary to win back people’s affections. He wondered where Jawen was.
“If I were elected mayor of Coe Baba,” Lapo said, standing up in front of the crowd on the stage erected for this event, “This town would enter a new age of peace and prosperity, one it has never encountered before.” He said, stridently sweeping his hand out across in front of him. “We must turn our backs on the past, and forget everything that has happened before. We must look forward to a new era of progress.” He said, raising his voice with a few whoops from the crowd. “It’s time for a change. People deserve better than to receive the messes their ancestors have left behind for them.” He held for applause. His wife Mawen sat behind him, clapping her hands giddily with Tuki and Annalise sitting next to her. Their other children, meanwhile, wandered around, loose amidst the spectators.
Hastin walked away from the crowd, and paused as he spotted two boys in an alleyway near the post office, fighting against each other with practice wooden swords. He recognized the two boys, and recalled their names. “Fence? Rajar?” He called Jawen’s two younger brothers.
Fence and Rajar stopped fighting, and turned around. “Hello, Hastin,” Rajar said, coming over with his older brother. “How are you today?” He asked.
“Fine.” Hastin said, turning back towards the crowd. “Sounds like your father might have a chance to become mayor.”
“Ugh.” Fence said, tilting his head back and then shaking it forward.
“What’s the matter, Fence?” Hastin asked.
“Fence is very upset today.” Rajar said.
“It’s all right if he becomes mayor, I suppose,” Fence said, “But what I would really like is for someone to replace Sir Nickleby as head of the town militia.”
“We can’t get anybody.” Rajar remarked.
“No one has stepped forward to claim that post ever since Sir Nickleby left with Basha and Oaka,” Fence rolled his eyes and grimaced, “And no one will train me or the other 12-year-olds until somebody else does.” 
“We can’t get any training if no one will teach us!” Rajar cried, throwing his hands up.
“Rajar, stop repeating me.” Fence muttered, lightly punching his younger brother.
“It’s the truth.” Rajar said, rubbing his arm.
“Surely there are some men in the town militia who are willing to train you and the other 12-year-old boys?” Hastin asked Fence.
“They say they are too busy, training themselves and maintaining the patrols without Sir Nickleby around to help.” Fence said. “Sir Nickleby did most of the training, after all, as he had the most experience and was the best teacher.”
 “We can’t get anybody like Sir Nickleby. No one could teach us like Sir Nickleby could.” Rajar said, looking down.
Hastin hesitated, looking around for a moment as if he wondered if someone else would step forward, if someone else was willing to take a chance, but no one else would, it was just him, Rajar, and Fence here. “Fence, first of all…may I borrow your sword for a moment, Rajar?” He asked, holding out his hand to the younger brother.
Rajar hesitated a moment and then handed over his wooden practice sword. “What are you going to do with it?” He asked.
“Teach you both something. Now, when you’re in first position, you hold your sword up like this,” Hastin said, demonstrating this before he helped Fence and then Rajar imitate the same position.
“Excuse me,” Geda said, interrupting the applause that had spring forth with Lapo’s address, and stepped forward now to speak. “While my opponent is correct in saying we need a change, I do not think we can turn our backs on the past, and forget about everything our ancestors left behind for us. We must deal with their messes, deal with what they left behind for us, and change the world and ourselves in the process. We must face the mistakes and faults of the past to make a better world!” He said as the crowd roared. He still was not quite sure what he was doing, running for mayor of Coe Baba against Lapo like this, but he could not let the merchant win the mayoral election without a fight. He had been convinced by his wife, by the fact that Lapo was running, and by his friends at The Smiling Stallion inn to consider the possibility. At least the position for mayor did not require that the candidate had to have no previous criminal records to be in the running. 
As the applause died down from his last speech, Geda cried, “We must forge a new future out of the past, and for that, I think we must correct the mistakes of the past. One of those mistakes, a fundamental one at that, was that we shut ourselves off, and lost connection with the world. I say that we should expand our connection to other communities, and welcome strangers to Coe Baba. I say that for my first act as mayor of Coe Baba, if elected, I will expand our town’s definition of what it means to be a citizen here so that people would feel welcome enough to stay and work here in Coe Baba for the rest of their lives,” Geda said as the crowd murmued amongst themselves.
“Come again, Geda?” Lapo asked.
“You heard me, Lapo, it’s time to open ourselves up,” Geda said, turning to face the merchant. “Coe Baba must not be shut out of the world, we must face and embrace the world,” He said, turning to the crowd. “Only then can we grow and prosper so that Coe Baba will become a great town, one that the rest of Arria can look up to.” He said. It was a little hard for them to swallow, after being taught to fear the world outside of Coe Baba for so long, but he hoped that he was right, and that he might be able to convince them. 
He remembered the night after his arrest over eight years ago, after getting embroiled in a brawl with Lapo in which the merchant had gotten away clean, and he had sat alone in his jail cell underneath the courthouse, feeling sorry for himself, and angry at the merchant. Then he had heard two small voices calling, “Father. Father.” He had looked up at the window, and saw their faces peering in through the bars.
“Basha, Oaka, what are you two doing here?” He asked, embarrassed that they had to see him here like this, not exactly the best position to be in. “It’s past your bedtimes.”
“We’re not sleepy, we came to be here with you.” Oaka said, clutching the bars. “Mother knows we are here.” He added.
“Does she really?” Geda asked, eyebrows raised.
“Yes, she does,” Oaka insisted, a pretty good liar.
“I am sorry you wound up in there.” Basha said, lowering his head.
“It’s not your fault, Basha.” Geda sighed, shaking head, “Lapo is to blame here, and you boys, you make me so proud to be your father.” He said, smiling. “I am so sorry this had to happen.” The boys stayed by his window through most of the night, until he woke them up and told them to go back home.
He missed them, his boys Basha and Oaka, but he hoped that he was doing the right thing here, something that his family could be proud of. He wanted to make his wife happy, and honor the boys, and perhaps it was the right thing to do.
His wife Habala sat behind him, listening with quiet approval as she wondered if he was thinking of Basha in that moment. She hoped that Oaka and Basha would have liked what their father was saying then. After everything that had happened with Smidge and Brigga, (she shuddered to think about Smidge still, what Brigga had said about him and what she had done to him) it felt right to her that Geda should be running for mayor now, that this was their way of getting things back to normal, or as normal as they could be, and of finding a new way to go on through life. Her boys would live on through their actions.

After quitting his job at the Smiling Stallion inn, a job that he had maintained for over two decades, Smidge had managed to find work at the restaurant, which was always in need of part-time staff, especially for cleaning up tables and cooking. Smidge was given the task of managing the restaurant while most of the town was at the mayoral debate, a job that he had volunteered for most willingly, unable to stand watching Geda puff about for an hour or two againat Lapo. 
It also gave him the chance to show that he had the ability to run this place single-handedly, and that he could be trusted with more responsibility. Geda hardly ever gave him the chance of managing the Smiling Stallion inn on his own, Smidge could count the number of times on his hand, and yet here he was, his first week at the job, and he was running this place. Of course, there were no customers to serve, and no one would come in here until the mayoral debate was over, and by then, he would be back to his regular job as wait staff and cook, replaced by the real owners of this restaurant. Just like at any other point in his miserable little life.
He rubbed his hand through his hair, or what remained of it after Habala had burned part of it off, grimacing to himself as he wondered if it would ever grow back again. Habala still had her powers, or so it seemed, despite years of disuse and distrusting them. Perhaps she should have burned him completely if she did not ever want him coming after her, Brigga, or Geda again. Smidge slammed a wooden box down onto a table, and was about to unload some new glasses, with the promise of cleaning up some broken shards down at the bottom, when he heard a horse whining in the distance, coming not from the direction of the town square, but from the direction of the street leading out of town. 
Smidge immediately straightened up and ran out of the restaurant, knowing that it would be some strangers come from out of town, with everyone in the vicinity already forewarned about the mayoral debate taking place in the town square, and no one would have missed that, or been late to it, unless they had some important work to do. Smidge had a feeling that he might know what type of strangers these people were, or at least he hoped that they would be, since he had been waiting for any type of news from other Followers of Doomba since Basha and Oaka had left. He stopped and stared at the twenty or so men riding into Coe Baba, dressed in uniforms he recognized from descriptions of them. Soldiers from Coe Aela weren’t quite what he had been expecting, but they were good enough for him.
“Ho! I embrace the darkness!” He called, coming up towards them. He remembered the last Follower from out of town that he had encountered about a month ago, the farmer who had first strode into town singing ‘I embrace the darkness’, the watchword and greeting for other Followers of Doomba. Luckily, almost everybody in town had been gone then, to the militia tryouts, so that Smidge was the only one who heard him and could reply. The farmer should have been more careful about what he was singing. No wonder he had disappeared not that long afterwards, probably killed. In Coe Baba, with the Old Man watching, or so Smidge suspected, you had to be careful about what you said or did. Smidge had managed to survive for all of these years by keeping his head down, while other Followers and Servants of Doomba had been caught and killed by the Old Man and his accomplice, or accomplices. He had to have at least one. 
Berevus had been one of the last standouts, a Follower who had also followed Smidge’s example, but Smidge could have sworn that something must have happened that night of the forest fire, and Berevus must have gotten caught in the act, which was unfortunate. Berevus had been one of his best friends, and one of the few Followers that he had truly trusted for years, as it was hard to make friends with other Followers, as prone as they were to mistrusting other people and occasionally stabbing them in the back to get ahead in the hierarchy of Followers. Smidge was, at times, unlike and like other Followers, for he did feel the need to suspect others of mistreating or misusing him in some form or fashion, and he did have a ruthless nature that could turn against anyone he felt was threatening him and his enterprise, but he still wanted to be trusted, loved, and liked well enough by those who called him a friend and family member, and so he tried to avoid upsetting or disturbing them too much.
At times, Smidge was reluctant to do or say anything that might jeopardize his position and his life here in Coe Baba, especially if it should ever come out that he was a Follower of Doomba, or if Habala could get hurt in any way by his actions. Of course, every now and again he took a risk, for the sake of proving that he was still a Follower of Doomba, and could be trusted to fulfill any task that fell his way. That meant sending the rats and the crows and the gruelmoff after Basha, or at least on Basha’s trail, so that it might seem as if he was helping them find the tiger of light, but nothing substantial was ever discovered in that regard, especially when the rats and the crows and the gruelmoff eventually vanished, probably killed by the Old Man. 
Smidge did his duty, and it didn’t matter to him if nothing came out of it, because it was better that way for him. Smidge wasn’t even certain that Basha was the tiger of light, he just thought that it might be possible, as similar as Basha’s birth was to what he had heard of in the Tiger Prophecy. And with the way the Followers and Servants had been searching for the tiger for years now, under Doomba’s orders, it seemed as if the tiger might be coming soon, if it was not here already.
Smidge just thought that it was best to be cautious, and allow the Servants and Followers of Doomba to search here, in case the tiger was right under his nose, and there was always the chance for a big reward if he was right. But for now, when it came to his nephews Basha and Oaka, Smidge just wanted to be known as the good uncle, who could always be trusted to give his nephews a good, fun time, quite different from their father Geda, of course, the disciplinarian. Smidge felt a little guilty at times, when he thought of how frightened Basha, and possibly Oaka, might have been, facing those dangers on their own, but at least the Old Man had protected them, in his own way. 
The Old Man could be trusted upon to be around whenever he was needed, although Smidge did not really want to let him know that. It was embarrassing to think that a Follower of Doomba like him was glad that the Old Man foiled his plans. It wasn’t right, in some ways, especially when he would be blamed for the Old Man’s interference if Doomba ever found out about his reluctance. Now that Basha and Oaka were gone, though, and not in his way anymore, so that he wouldn’t have to feel guilty about them, Smidge wanted to step out and show that he could be a true Follower of Doomba without the Old Man getting in his way. He would crush the Old Man, the next time that he faced him, and if he were so inclined, he might want to crush Geda, Habala, and Brigga as well, for ruining his life for all of these years.
“For the darkness is power in the night,” The soldier at the head of the troop said, halting his fellows.
“Welcome to Coe Baba, how may I be of service?” Smidge asked with a small bow.
“We are here to find out the whereabouts of a small group who escaped from Coe Aela, two boys and a girl and a falcon, with the rumor being that they are Knights of Arria.” The soldier added the last in a low tone.
“Knights of Arria?” Smidge asked, stunned. Could it be Basha and Oaka, with whoever was accompanying them? No Sir Nickleby to protect them? That was a relief in some small way, if it was true, although he was also deeply disturbed. His own nephews? “Uh, I am not sure, but I do not believe that they are here, as there have been no travelers to this town recently matching that description,” Smidge said, nodding slowly, but thinking fast. “However, if you want to check,” He pointed towards the town square. “The townspeople of Coe Baba are gathered over there, for the mayoral debate is taking place right now. Everyone should be there, a couple hundred people at least, and if you want a large audience to make inquiries from, that is your best bet.”
“Thank you.” The soldier said, frowning to himself as he glanced in the direction of the town square. “A couple hundred people?”
“At least.” Smidge said. “It is a large, but enclosed space, with enough space for all of those people, but not much more, with buildings surrounding the town square. The only ways in and out of the town square are by this main road, the side road leading to the rich and poor neighborhoods and factories by the river, and by alleyways that lead out into the fields and then the forest.”
“Thank you,” The soldier said, turning back to his men as he started issuing orders.
“You are very welcome,” Smidge said, heading back into the restaurant. He had no idea about what might happen next, or at least, not very much of an idea besides the obvious. Still, he had the notion that he should avoid the town square at the moment, just in case something went wrong between the townspeople and the soldiers. Hopefully, whatever might happen next, Brigga, Geda, and Habala would all be caught up in the middle of it, which made him feel very pleased, and no one would suspect him, especially if the soldiers remained quiet, not wanting to betray their informant. He whistled as he put away the glasses, ignoring the bald spots on his head for once.
A short distance away, as the soldiers started to split up into three groups, one heading north into the forest, one heading south to reach the side road, and the other heading west still to reach the town square, Brigga trembled in the alleyway next to the Smiling Stalllion inn. She had known that Smidge was a horrible person with the way he had treated her, and suspected him of such crimes as a Follower of Doomba, but to actually see it confirmed frightened her more than she could say. She had witnessed Smidge coming out of the restaurant and talking to the soldiers, just as she was about to step out of the alleyway and head toward the town square, late to the mayoral debate as she had to finish up a few chores. Now she didn’t know what she should do. Should she go confront Smidge, alone, for having betrayed the townspeople of Coe Baba? Or should she go warn the townspeople about the soldiers, but the soldiers were riding straight there, how could she get ahead of the soldiers in time to warn them? She was too late, too helpless, and whatever she did, there was no way that she could stop any of this from happening.
No, wait, there was one thing. She headed off towards the Old Man’s cottage, wondering if he was there. If anyone could help her, the Old Man could, although he should have been here already, keeping an eye on Smidge and preventing the man from doing what he just did. The Old Man had to answer for his neglect.

“This is terrible,” Talia said to her older sister Jawen, “I’m bored!”
“Why do you say that, Talia?” Jawen asked her. “Don’t you think it’s interesting that…”
“No, no, there is nothing interesting about this, I’m bored. Father is going to win no matter what Geda says, so why do we have to come to this stupid boring debate?” Talia asked.
Jawen sighed. She had gotten the idea, after trying to convince Hastin to see Sisila, and then Sisila refused to see Hastin, that perhaps she should try to reconcile with her own family, just a little bit. She would try to see them more often, even though she had moved out of the house for good, just in case she might lose them completely. 
But then her father had announced that he was running for mayor, and while she thought that might be a bad idea in the sense that he could take control of everything in Coe Baba if he won, gaining new sources of profit for himself, she decided to support his bid for mayor, as a gesture of goodwill to support her family. But then Geda was running for mayor as well, and he was her fiance’s father after all. Basha would not like it if she went against his father. But then again, she really did not like Geda as much as she liked Basha, for she still thought of Geda as a lout, and technically Geda was more Oaka’s father than Basha’s father, and she definitely did not like Oaka. What was she supposed to do?
“This is really the only chance that we will get to decide for ourselves who is going to rule us, Talia, these mayoral elections.” Jawen said. “Everything else is just up for someone else to decide, or is just a matter of happenstance and fate. We can’t always make major life decisions like this on our own.” Jawen said.
Talia rolled her eyes. “Wake me up when it’s over.” She muttered.
The one bad thing about being reunited with her family, Jawen thought to herself, was spending more time with Talia. “Oh, what fun they’ll have together again,” her mother Mawen had said, “The two oldest girls back together,” and so they had been paired up. Yay.
 “Why should we do that?” Lapo asked. “I say we are fine here just the way we are in terms of citizenship and citizenry. In fact, what we should do here is expand our factories and mills, and fall more timber further into the forest. We can become more self-sufficient and self-governing in that manner. We can extend ties to other communities, but I suggest that those ties are best mercantile in nature. We do not need any more ties than that.” He said.
“Father does have a point,” Jawen remarked, “Although I suppose that just having a trade relationship with other towns is too limited.”
“Snore.” Talia said, her head tilted to the side with her eyes closed.
“Pay attention, Talia!” Jawen said, lightly slapping her younger sister on the arm. “I missed the militia tryouts this year, I am not missing this!” She cried.
“It’s nothing to get excited about.” Talia remarked. “It’s just a debate.”
Everything happened around Jawen, or it seemed to her, and yet she was not a part of it. She had neglected to participate in the action, to witness the spectacle, and for that she was left behind, left without any knowledge of what exactly had happened, and so she was forced to scramble to understand what was really happening. She had to understand, or else she would be further left behind, and she wanted to understand because it made her feel important to have that knowledge, to feel like she was a part of everything. Jawen wanted to learn more about the world and be a part of it, even though she had restrained herself in the past and others had restrained her as well, out of fear of what might happen if she ventured too far off-course. Now that she had restrained herself too much, and others had added to her bonds, she felt restricted by her sense of self and place, and felt that it could only get worse unless she changed herself. Which was why she was here, hoping to learn and experience something different with this debate.
The murmuring in the crowd increased as people debated whether Geda or Lapo were right or wrong. Sisila stood amongst them, debating whether or not she should leave as she was starting to feel a little quesy, when suddenly Iibala appeared next to her. “Iibala!” Sisila gasped, glancing around. “What are you doing here?” She asked.
“You have been avoiding me, haven’t you?” Iibala asked.
“I haven’t, not really,” Sisila said, glancing down.
“It’s because of what I said about Basha, and how Oaka is involved in that mess, isn’t it?” Iibala asked.
“You shouldn’t be talking about that here,” Sisila said, glancing around. “I don’t want people to hear that you suspect that…it’s not true.” She said.
“Yes, it is true, you’re just too scared to admit it, or believe in it.” Iibala said. “Sisila, I want to prove it to you, but I haven’t got much physical, visible proof, and what I have got to show you…you wouldn’t like it. I’m not sure if you’re ready to see it.”
“Jawen was right, I shouldn’t believe you.” Sisila said, turning away from Iibala.
“What? Did you tell Jawen about what I said?” Iibala asked, furious. “You know that’s not safe, she could talk!”
“I didn’t say exactly what you told me. I just mentioned your name, and Jawen immediately told me that I shouldn’t trust you. I’m half inclined to believe her.” Sisila insisted.
“Jawen doesn’t know what she is talking about. Jawen doesn’t even know what we are dealing with here!” Iibala cried.
Jawen thought she heard her name being called several times during her father’s speech, and turned her head around to search the crowd. “Talia, did you hear that?”
“What? Taxation? Please, we don’t…did father say we need more or less taxation?” Talia asked, a little worried.
“No, I thought I heard someone say…” Jawen gasped. “Iibala is talking with Sisila!” She cried, spotting the other pair of girls in the distance. “I told Sisila to stay away from her!”
“Now look who isn’t paying attention.” Talia muttered.
“Come on, Talia,” Jawen said, tugging on her younger sister’s hand to confront them.
“I want to go home.” Talia muttered.
“Shh,” Jawen said, as she and her sister stopped a few feet away behind Iibala and Sisila. She listened in on their conversation, wondering what they were talking about.

“Old Man? Old Man?” Brigga called, knocking on the door of the Old Man’s hut before she pulled it open. It was too late, she feared, the soldiers were already in the town square by now, and she had to hurry. The hut was small, barely large enough for the room it contained, and she immediately spotted the Old Man lying asleep on his cot in the corner, for it seemed that she had not completely stirred him awake.
“‘It’s raining, it’s pouring, the Old Man is snoring,’” Brigga grumbled to herself as she rushed over towards the Old Man. “‘He went to bed and bumped his head,’” She sang, slapping him slightly on the back of his head, “‘And couldn’t get up in the morning.’ Wake up!” She cried the last. “You’re supposed to be doing your duty.”
The Old Man groaned as he finally woke up all the way, rubbing the back of his head as he sat up and stared at her. “What was that for?” He asked. “And where did you hear that song from?”
“Our daughter used to sing that song sometimes, just after she came back from…” Brigga inhaled deeply, trying to calm herself down and stop herself from crying. “Never mind that!” She cried. “There are soldiers heading for the town square, if they are not there already, led by directions Smidge gave to them.” 
“Smidge?” The Old Man asked, getting out of bed and pulling on a cloak. “What sort of soldiers are they? Are they armed?”
“I don’t know what sort of soldiers they are,” Brigga said, agitated, “They were wearing black and green uniforms. They were armed, they’re definitely armed, that’s all I can say! I am afraid of what’s going to happen.”
“Coe Aela!” The Old Man cried. “This is deathly serious. Stand aside, Brigga, you’re on top of the trapdoor.”
Brigga moved to the far side of the hut, as the Old Man removed a rug covering up part of the floor, and revealed a trapdoor. “Has it been more than seven minutes since you saw them?” The Old Man asked, pulling up the trapdoor, and climbing down a ladder.
“Yes, I was in the alleyway by the inn when I saw them in front of the restaurant. It took me a few minutes to get here.” Brigga remarked, staring down into the secret basement beneath the Old Man’s hut. 
Nisa had told her amazing stories of what could be found down there, a whole building buried beneath the earth with a series of large, dark, air-tight rooms, some of them full of arcane, complex machinery. It was where the Old Man kept his ‘base of operations’, as the term went, for controlling the magical shield over Coe Baba and watching out for Followers and Servants of Doomba in the area. Nisa had been down there many times, assisting her father, but Brigga had never been down there, even after she had learned of its existence. She was too frightened about what she might find down there, what sort of secrets even Nisa and the Old Man had kept from her for all of these years. She did not want to get trapped in the Old Man’s dungeon, sucked into his well of secrets.
“Well, I suppose time travel is out of the question,” The Old Man muttered down below, “It has a limited range.”
“Time travel?” Brigga asked.
“I’ll explain later,” The Old Man said, coming up the ladder with a branch-like whip clutched in one of his hands, the willow whip as Nisa called it, and it did indeed look like the branch of such a lithe tree. “I better go and see if there is anything that can be done to stop them,” The Old Man said as he closed the trapdoor behind him, “Or capture them if it is too late.” He muttered the last to himself, covering up the trapdoor again with the rug.
“Be careful.” Brigga insisted, staring at him.
“I always am,” The Old Man said, leaning over to kiss her lightly on the lips. “Be careful yourself, and stay here.” He told her before he left the hut.
Brigga stood there frozen for a moment longer, the sensation of his lips touching hers lingering for a moment longer in her mind’s eye, until it vanished completely like the wisp it was. “Malakel it.” She whispered, shaking her head. It happened too easily, and it was too hard to bear. She could not fall in love with him again.
Meanwhile, unseen by Brigga, but perhaps not completely unnoticed by her, Kala’s ghost sat on the cot in the corner, singing, “‘It’s raining, it’s pouring, the Old Man is snoring, he went to bed and he bumped his head and he couldn’t get up in the morning.’ Morning. If only it were morning already…” Kala murmured to herself, staring up at the other woman. Brigga felt a soft, cold breeze blow across the room, and shivered.

“Jawen has been by my side for years, and I have been by hers. Jawen trusts me just as much as I trust her, as we’ve earned that trust!” Sisila said. “I can’t say the same for you.”
“That’s because I never got the chance to earn that trust. I might have been flighty with boys over the years and I might have had loose morals, but I never hurt you.” Iibala said. “I never hurt anybody that I considered to be my friend. Jawen had lost my friendship a long time ago. She had been the first one to abandon me when I started going wild. She is far too strict for my tastes,” Iibala said, turning to Sisila. “You know, I still think we could have remained friends for all these years, were it not for the simple fact that Jawen influenced you too much. That, and the simple fact that my father wasn’t exactly friends with either one of your fathers.” Iibala remarked.
Sisila frowned. “You may be right about that, but that still does not mean that I believe that Basha is the tiger.” Sisila shook her head. “How is your father?” She asked Iibala in a low voice.
“Doing well.” Iibala said. “Recovering. He can sit up in bed, and move about a little bit with assistance, but I don’t think he can walk on his own. Mirari said it would be awhile still before he is able to walk or run on his own. She is treating him right now at home.”
Talia and Jawen looked at each other, their eyes widening. Iibala was talking about a man recovering? Did Sisila say ‘her father’, Sir Nickleby?
“What has he said about Basha and Oaka?”
“Basha and Oaka?” Iibala sighed and said, “My father is a little close-lipped these days, even by his standards, depressed about everything that has happened, but what he has said confirmed my suspicions. He and the boys were traveling along fairly for the first few days, but when they reached the boundary between Coe Baba and Coe Anji, some Black Wolves started chasing them.”
“Black Wolves?” Sisila asked.
Talia and Jawen covered their mouths, unable to let out even a gasp, as they contemplated the possibilities. Black Wolves, Basha and Oaka, Coe Anji, Sir Nickleby, what was going on here? Was this real? Were Iibala and Sisila really keeping such a secret from the town? And what had happened to Basha and Oaka?
“That’s right, Black Wolves. He stayed behind to fight off the Black Wolves while the boys went on ahead without him. The only reason why he is still alive is because Nisa was there to help him.”
“No, no, I won’t believe it.” Sisila shook her head and sighed. “Iibala, why can’t you ever reassure me that everything is going to be all right?” She asked.
Suddenly, pounding horse hooves could be heard in the distance from the direction of the main road coming this way, and people looked up, turning their heads in astonishment as almost everybody in town was gathered here in the town square to hear the mayoral candidates speak. No one would come here this late, and on horseback, if they intended to listen. Lapo and Geda stopped arguing, turning their heads as well to watch seven men in black and green uniform ride their horses to the edge of the crowd before halting.
Talia clutched Jawen’s arm tightly. “I want to go home.” She whispered.
“Me, too, Talia,” Jawen said, patting her sister’s arm as she contemplated the soldiers arrayed before them. She didn’t know where they had come from, but they certainly didn’t belong here. She hoped that they would vanish just as quickly as they had come, back to wherever they had come from, hopefully faraway from here. She noticed Iibala turning her head around, and caught her eyes as the other woman studied her. It didn’t matter anymore, as she didn’t want to pretend. Let Iibala know what she had found out, it wasn’t much of a guess. At least this way, there would be no more secrets or lies.
“Sisila, we’re not alone!” Iibala hissed, pointing back at Talia and Jawen.
Sisila gasped. “Do you think they might have heard?”
“Doubtful,” Iibala said, though she was worried. It would not take much, just a couple of attentive ears from Talia and Jawen, combined with her and Sisila’s loud voices, and her father’s injury and return to Coe Baba would be exposed, as well as the fact that Basha and Oaka had faced Black Wolves on the forest path, not far away from here. That would be bleak. None of the townspeople could handle such a revelation, she thought, one that would upset their sense of security, in what hope they might have gained with Sir Nickleby accompanying the boys, and the Black Wolves…none of it was right, it was too dark.
“Who is that?” Rajar asked, pointing as he noticed the strangers’ arrival.
“I have no idea,” Hastin said, though his grip tightened on the wooden practice sword. He glanced towards the end of the alleyway that led out to the Daneuve River and Mila Forest, wondering if there were any more soldiers in that direction. It seemed clear. Perhaps it would be safer in that direction. “Fence, Rajar, I want you two to stay here,” Hastin told Jawen’s younger brothers as he watched the proceedings. “If something happens, a fight perhaps, I want you two to get away from here.” He said, leaving the alleyway, heading towards the town square.
“What?” Fence cried, following after him, with Rajar just behind. “You want us to abandon…” Fence started to say.
“Fence, that’s an order, and a good soldier obeys orders.” Hastin said, turning back to him. “If something happens here, then I…if everything turns out all right here,” Hastin corrected himself to avoid scaring Fence and Rajar, “then I want you two to know that I am going to talk with my father, and request that a new head of the militia is elected, someone who will train 12-year-olds like you, Fence.” Hastin smiled. “You got that, Fence? Rajar?”
“Right, Hastin,” Fence said, nodding as Hastin departed into the crowd.
“Good luck, Hastin!” Rajar called out to him before Fence pulled him back into the alleyway. “Let me go, Fence.” Rajar muttered.
Hastin began to circulate through the crowd, suggesting that women and children should perhaps evacuate the area, heading towards the alleyways off to the sides, or down the side road, if anything bad should happen here. A few considered following his suggestions, and did so. Hastin turned his head, wondering where Sisila and Jawen were.

“What is going on here?” The oldest man in uniform said, facing the crowd of townspeople.
“We are having a mayoral election soon, and this is a debate,” Lapo said. “Could you kindly speak to us about your business and then depart?” His wife Mawen stood up and squeezed Lapos’s shoulder, murmuring softly to him as their two youngest children clutched Mawen’s legs. Talia and Jawen stared up at the stage, noticing their parents’ familiar unity, and wished that they could be up with them.
“Very well then,” The oldest man in uniform said before pulling out a piece of paper. “I have a warrant here from my Lord Fobata, Duke of Coe Aela, to search for and arrest some fugitives who have escaped my lord’s justice. They are a trio of youths, two boys and a girl approximately 16 or 17 years of age, with a falcon accompanying them who claims to be a royal messenger bird.”
“Royal messenger bird?” Some people exclaimed, confused by the fact that a falcon was able to claim anything. A few people screamed from the direction of the side road heading for the river neighborhoods and factories, as they were forced back by seven more soldiers blocking that direction.
“Something is wrong here,” Iibala muttered to Sisila, shaking her head. “I can feel it. I don’t like this at all.”
“I get a funny feeling, too,” Sisila said, looking down.
“Maybe we should get out of here.” Talia hissed to her sister.
“No, not yet,” Jawen said, pushing forward. “I need to speak with them, before it is too late!” She said, glaring at Sisila and Iibala. However, it already was.
 “That’s right, a royal messenger bird,” The oldest man in uniform said before continuing, “They are Basha, a young man with brown hair, and Oaka…”
“Get them!” Geda cried, interrupting the soldier reading out the arrest warrant, as other people milled about in confusion, mumbling over the familiar names. “Arrest the soldiers!” He insisted. Habala remained in her seat for a moment, stunned by what she was hearing, but hopeful as well. Her sons were alive, or at least they had been for long enough to make it to Coe Aela, even if…what had they done to deserve an arrest warrant?
“It can’t be true, it just can’t be true,” Jawen said, stunned by the revelation. Basha was alive? Was this possible? She had thought that very few people could survive the trip outside of Coe Baba, especially Basha and Oaka, but now here she was, hearing these impossible words.
“Jawen! I’m getting out of here, come with me!” Talia cried, pulling on her older sister. Jawen followed after Talia for now, though she strained her neck back to keep her eyes on Sisila and Iibala. They knew something, and she was bound and determined to find out what exactly, though maybe later on after the soldiers had left.
Iibala laughed. At last, something exciting was happening here that was unexpected, and it was all because of Basha and Oaka, she assumed; mostly Basha. Plus, it appeared that Jawen and her younger sister Talia were leaving, which was an added bonus for her when they had been close enough to eavesdrop before. She wouldn’t have to worry about them right now. “I’m getting into the action!” Iibala told Sisila, leaving her alone as she joined some people in the crowd turning and advancing toward the soldiers on horseback, a significant mass of them in fact, most of them family and friends of Geda and Habala, as well as a few frequent patrons of The Smiling Stallion inn. 
“Iibala! Wait!” Sisila cried, but her voice was droned out by others. Sisila lifted her head, hoping to spot Iibala in the crowd whipped up into a frenzy, but finally, she decided to take the plunge, and go after Iibala. 
“What is the meaning of this?” The oldest soldier cried as his fellow soldiers slowly withdrew their swords, ready to defend themselves if necessary, as they were slowly confronted by townspeople.
Habala slowly lifted her head and stared at the swords held by the guards from Coe Aela, bare blades against the defenseless, unarmed civilians of Coe Baba she recognized as her friends and family members. “No.” She whispered, clenching her fists.
“Geda, what are you doing?” Lapo hissed at the innkeeper, frowning as he glanced back and forth between the innkeeper and the two confrontations. “Are you trying to get us all killed here? These soldiers are trained professionals, in service of the Duke of Coe Aela. They probably have some authority here and…”
“Authority? This is our town, our home, our land, not the Duke’s of Coe Aela.” Geda said, staring at Lapo, as his mind raced to come up with a logical excuse for his own actions, which were mostly based on primal, impulsive anger and fear. How had things gotten so out of control? “And what rights have they? It is my boys that they are talking about arresting,” Geda muttered before he shouted at the soldiers, “I want to know why you want to arrest them, Basha and Oaka! What have they done to deserve it?”
Perhaps he should have thought this matter out more clearly before he ordered the arrest of these soldiers, but he couldn’t abide the idea of changing his mind now, especially as he thought that his actions might be justifiable, and he didn’t want to shame the memory of his boys by cordially welcoming their potential captors to their hometown. Besides, though his actions in the last few moments might be reprehensible, he couldn’t change them now, especially since the soldiers had already gotten a taste of his malice. Though he might try to apologize and take back his words to the soldiers, they would not forgive him, and they would not forget his ill treatment of them. It was better to continue, as it were, until he had a better idea of what to do. 
“That’s right,” Habala whispered, slowly standing up. “That’s right.” She said, slowly inhaling. She had to do this.
The other part of the crowd moved away, towards the alleyways as Hastin had suggested, with Talia and Jawen now caught up in the retreating swarm. “Jawen!” Hastin cried, spotting her, accompanied by her younger sister, in the distance.
“Hastin?” Jawen said, looking up as the young man headed her way.
“Jawen, am I glad to see you!” Hastin cried, reaching his former girlfriend. “Have you seen my sister?” He asked.
“She was back in that direction,” Jawen pointed behind her, before she was forced to push on, with Talia’s insistence, towards the alleyway near the post office. Hastin managed to move forward, away from Jawen and towards Sisila’s direction.
“They are…they were disturbing the peace at Coe Aela,” The oldest man in uniform said to Geda, nervously withdrawing his own sword as several people tried to grab his horse, which threatened to bolt. “They disturbed my master Lord Fobata! They deserve to be arrested!” The soldier frowned. “And if you are harboring them…” 
“That’s not a good enough excuse.” Geda said. “We want to know more.”
“Let us go, or you will regret your actions!” The soldier cried, flailing his sword at the unarmed civilians again. “We will be forced to fight!” 
Geda hesitated as he heard the words of the oldest soldier, probably the one in command, especially as the soldier’s sword gleamed in his hand, and he did not seem unsteady in wielding it right above the heads of the townspeople trying to hold onto his horse so that he would not run away. The townspeople were also holding onto the horses of nine other soldiers, with five more they were trying to wrangle and hold down, but all of these soldiers were also armed and prepared to fight back. Geda wondered again if this was such a good idea, standing up to the soldiers from Coe Aela, especially when so many lives would be at risk. 
“No!” Habala cried, hurling a ball of fire at the soldiers, one of whom was ignited. His horse reared and the burning man was flung off onto the ground. He rolled slightly, which extinguished some of the flames, but then he stopped moving and continued to smolder. The townspeople surrounding him and the others ran, screaming.
The soldiers and the townspeople all stared up in horror at Habala, standing above them on the platform beside her husband. “Leave them alone! Leave my fellow townspeople alone!” She cried. “You do not deserve to be here! This is not your town, this is not your home! Coe Baba is for good, kind, deserving people, who are trying their hardest to make a living for themselves! You are just here to spread trouble and cause mischief, threatening my sons! They are not here, in case you want to know, but they should be! Now leave, before I burn you all!” Habala cried.
The soldiers hesitated, a few of them considering her advice, when something terrible happened.

A few minutes ago, Fence and Rajar had been listening and watching the escalation of chaos, not quite understanding everything that was going on here, but they feared that there might indeed be a fight soon, the kind that Hastin had warned them about. “Let’s get out of here, Rajar,” Fence said, turning away from the town square. “Head to the river and the forest,” He muttered to himself, walking off towards the end of the alleyway.
“What about mother and father and Jawen and wait for me, Fence!” Rajar cried, following after his older brother.
Fence had emerged from the alleyway, and started to cross the open stretch of land towards the Danueve River, and Mila Forest beyond, when suddenly he stopped, peering towards the shadows moving beneath the trees. He thought he saw something moving under there.

Urie, a guard from Coe Aela, squatted in the underbrush just outside the outskirts of Coe Baba, searching for any signs of movement from the town’s direction that might suggest that one of the fugitives they were searching for was trying to escape and avoid capture by the other guards. The ground felt wet beneath his shoes, the leaves slippery and muddy as he trod upon them. An arrow was notched to his bowstring, but currently his bow was lowered to the ground, along with about half a dozen others beside him. 
Urie was nervous and tired of waiting, especially since he did not really know what was going on out here. A few years ago, he had been recruited from the servants’ quarter, and had joined the guards because it was an opportunity for advancement that was better by far than what he might have received in the servant class. Urie had been given a sword, some armor, the Coe Aela uniform and this bow along with a collection of arrows. He had been trained in some basic maneuvers, mostly when it came to marching and patrolling, but at least he had gotten in some practice at hitting a target, so that he could stand in good stead, and hopefully defend himself if he ever got into a fight. 
Urie slept in the barracks, ate with the other guards, and never once did he glance in the direction of the servants that served them. He was a guard now, and he was glad of that. For the most part, Urie did whatever his commanding officers told him to do, and he hardly ever complained about his duties, although he did partake in some salty, brash conversation with his fellow privates whenever the officers weren’t listening, just to be a part of the company he had joined.
 However, for the past week or so, as they had traveled farther away from Coe Aela than he had ever gone before in pursuit of the fugitives, Urie had gotten worried about his chances out here, especially as the forest surrounding them grew steadily thicker. He did not know what they might encounter out here, what hardships or what obstacles they might have to deal with, and he was worried that he was not up to the challenge, that he might fall behind, and get lost in the forest, and that they would desert him as a hopeless cause not worth searching for, because he was not a real guard of Coe Aela, just a mere servant that they did not really care about. 
Frightened of being left behind, Urie wanted to prove that he could be a real guard, and so tried to stay alert, watching the town of Coe Baba, especially the alleyways leading out of the town square, as intently as he could, difficult as it was to see anything beyond the forest through the tall underbrush. Apparently, there was some meeting going on there, and the other contingent of Coe Aela guards had set off in that direction. From where he was, Urie and the other Coe Aela guards could hear some noise swelling from that direction, apparently there were a lot of people gathered there, and it was disturbing to them, unable to do anything but sit and wait here while their friends rode into such danger in the midst of a large crowd. Because it seemed to them that something had gone wrong, as they could hear panic and anger rising from that direction, not to mention see the smoke cloud.
Suddenly, a figure appeared at the mouth of one of the alleyways leading out of the town square, and Urie raised his bow, along with about half a dozen others, prepared to fire. A leaf on a stick brushed up against his pant leg, but he ignored it. Then they paused, and lowered their bows slightly, as it was such a small figure, surely smaller than the fugitives that they had been chasing from where they were? And they couldn’t see this person very well from where they were. Still, if this person posed a threat…
Before they knew what was happening, Urie and the rest of the guards from Coe Aela felt something tighten around their pants legs, a stick of some kind, only it wasn’t a stick, it was a branch, twining around them. Before they could fire their arrows at the person in the meadow, they were wrenched onto the ground and pulled back by the branches towards the darkness of the forest. Bows and arrows fell from their hands, as they were startled by the movement. They scrambled at the ground, trying to find a purchase for themselves to stop their abduction, but the force was too great on them and the clutch of the branches too tight, and they were pulled away, screaming at the top of their lungs before they were abruptly silenced.

The screams from the forest echoed across the meadow, and into the town. Fence, who had been staring as hard as he could at the writhing bushes, before they suddenly became still, did not have any idea how close he had come to death, but he knew that something was wrong here. “It’s a trap, it’s a trap!” Fence cried, running as fast as he could away from the town square and away from the forest, across the meadow, not exactly knowing where he was going or what he had just seen, but the first did not really matter to him, so long as he got away from here, and he could guess at the last. “There are more soldiers in the forest!” Fence cried.
Rajar, who had stopped at the mouth of the alleyway, to watch his brother stare at the bushes and take off running, heard Fence’s cry. He turned around in time to see an overwhelming mass of people start pouring into the alleyway, trying to escape the town square, Habala, and the soldiers. “Stop, stop, it’s a trap!” Rajar cried, trying to stop them, but then he was forced to jump out of the way to avoid being trampled.
Many, if not most, did not hear him as they thundered past, and those that did hear him were too hard-pressed to leave the crowd. He thought he saw Jawen and Talia amongst them. Fearing what he might see, or what might happen to him, if he went out into the meadow after them, he stayed in the alleyway, crying silently to himself.
The townspeople in the square faintly heard screams in the distance, the sound of people running, and almost everyone turned their heads to stare out in the direction of the forest, almost everyone terrified of what it meant. “Ah, yes, I had almost forgotten that.” The soldier in command muttered to himself. “I wonder what’s wrong now?”
“What’s happening out there?” Geda, Habala, and others cried, but they knew, or they thought they did, and they turned their attentions back to attacking the soldiers on horseback. For the guards of Coe Aela, the nightmare had begun.
Chapter 17: A Purpose
Purpose in life is never fixed and straight, though we
Wish to know where we are going and if we are heading
In a direction which will lead us to fulfill that promise. We
Can only hope that we may find a way that will fulfill us.
--Purpose, Angora

Nisa sat upon a bench in the kitchen, rubbing her forehead to relieve the pressure that had built up in her mind the past couple of weeks, the longest Basha had ever gone without observation from either Nisa or her father, and perhaps the farthest he had ever been from either one of them as well. She felt guilty for having allowed Basha to go on ahead without her when she was supposed to be keeping her eye upon him, and protecting him as well. 
It was her fault this time. She should have gotten out of Coe Aela sooner, before Goga captured her and tortured her along with the other servant women he suspected of helping the group. He had then ordered that none of the servant women could leave Coe Aela, although by then it was already too late for her to track down and catch up with the group running away in the vast wilderness of the Popo Hills region. In fact, if she had not held back and waited to leave Coe Aela, for fear of being discovered by the group if she followed them too closely on their depature, then she would not have been captured, and she certainly would not have been captured lying alongside Janus. 
Janus, she had goofed up there. She wasn’t even sure she trusted him completely yet, but she had found herself drawn to him, soon after she had held a knife-blade at his throat and he had proven that he had ties to the royal messenger bird accompanying the group. So she had tried to draw him out after that, to get to know him better and know what he was doing here in Coe Aela before she left, but then he had responded to her attention in kind, and that had been rather nice for her. Though she had taken a brief stint away from him, in time to help Gnat retrieve the Black Sword from Goga, she couldn’t stay away from him for very long, and had returned to Janus that evening before she was captured. It was quite unlike her. She had delayed leaving Coe Aela, a dangerous place, to follow after Basha and the group, for a man she barely knew, even after she had told him so much about herself and what she was doing--it was unlike her. She was losing her head, and Basha and his friends might pay the price for her negligence.
She feared that Basha might be in trouble, especially with Goga and his men right after him. She hoped that he might stay ahead of his pursuers, but there was no guarantee that he would be protected out there without her. She wished that she could go back home, and talk to her father face-to-face, instead of by the weak mode of communication that they had devised that barely ever worked, so that she could understand why she had done what she did, why she had found Janus to suddenly be more important than her duty. She couldn’t love him, could she, not after all these years of responsibility? What was the matter with her?
She was tired, and ached all over from the days of labor she had performed at Coe Aela, not to mention the stint in the dungeon cells she had gone through that ended in torture, that she wished it all would be over soon. In fact, it would be. The kitchen door opened, and she looked up at Janus. “Ah, Nisa, there you are, I was wondering where you had gone off to,” Janus said, closing the door behind him as he entered the kitchen. “I hope you are ready for--Nisa, what is the matter with you? Are you all right?” He asked, studying her.
“Janus, I am fine, I just worry for us, for Basha and Oaka, for all of them--” She said, standing up to face him.
“Nisa, you worry too much.” He said, grasping her by the shoulders. “They are fine, they have each other and the Black Sword, and as for us, we will be fine. I have prepared for everything that can happen.”
“How can you know? Janus, I don’t think you can prepare for everything that will happen, not in a situation like this. These people will be facing difficult odds, for though they might overwhelm the guards in numbers, the guards will be heavily armed, well-trained, and in peak condition. There are old people and children amongst the servants. You can’t imagine--”
“Nisa, I know a little more than you think. Have some faith in me.” He said, hugging her tightly, and kissing her on the cheek. “You are wise beyond your years. You cannot imagine that things will go well.” He murmured.
“That’s because things rarely do go well.” She murmured, shaking her head. “This is all so sudden, it is beyond anything that I ever could have imagined, and I do have a good imagination. That I would trust somebody so quickly, though, makes me speechless, because I have not trusted anybody as quickly and as much as I have trusted you, aside from my parents,” Nisa told Janus, lifting her head and staring at him. “And even then--I do not trust you completely.” She said. “I look at you and think how can you be so young? How old are you, Janus? Are you close to my age, or are you far older?”
“Far older, Nisa, far older than you can possibly believe.” Janus admitted, staring down at her.
“Try me. My father is the Old Man, and he is at least 2,000 years old, if not older.” She said.
“Is that right? Nisa, I am 75 years old.” Janus admitted.
Nisa stared at him, backing away. “How can it be so?” She asked. “How is it possible? How can you two be so well preserved?” She asked.
“I don’t know about your father, but as for me--I made a mistake in my past when I was young, a long time ago, believing what I was told by others and falling in step with them. I learned the foolish error of my ways at the foot of their master, but by then it was too late. I was changed irrevocably beyond my years, I could not change back, nor could I move forward. I remained stuck in my position--”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute!” Nisa cried, raising her hand. “I cannot believe--are you telling me that you were once a Follower of Doomba? And that you met Doomba?”
“He is the one who changed me,” Janus said, lowering his head, “Against my will, he sucked everything out of me--”
“No, no, no!” Nisa cried, slamming her fist down on the counter as she turned away from him. “You can’t be, you just can’t--” She lowered her head, and covered her eyes as she whispered, “I trusted you.”
“You can trust me, Nisa.” Janus said, reaching out for her, but then she swatted at him. 
“No, I can’t even look at you.” She muttered as he backed away from her.
“I thought that, for the longest time, I would have to live on with this face and continue on with what I was doing like nothing had changed,” Janus said, rubbing the back of his head, “Like I was still a loyal Follower of Doomba. But something had changed in my heart.” He said, looking up at her with eyes like silver shadow pools. “And soon after, my actions reflected that. I abandoned my old ways and gave up my career, my acquaintances, and my habits as Cannon, the loyal Follower of Doomba with his mark upon him, and I became Janus, the unknowable, the unfollower. I turned towards the highest authority I could find opposing Doomba, King Sonnagh, and I told him the truth of what I had done, of what I had known, and he believed me.” Janus seemed stunned by this revelation still. 
“You have the mark of Doomba upon you, a part of him still inhabits you.” Nisa muttered, peeking out at him from between her fingers. “I can’t look at you, because he might be looking back at me. I cannot risk that.”
“I can’t change that,” Janus grimaced. “And I wish I could, but I don’t know how. But the chances of Doomba looking through me, of using that part of himself inside of me--I’m not sure how often he does something like that, but it has got to be rare.”
“You’re not sure,” She gritted her teeth, “And he has a hold of you.” She said, lowering her hands slowly, warily, as she glared at him. “I cannot risk everything for you, Janus. I cannot risk—I have told you too much already.” She said.
“I’m not sure how often he uses that ability, but I think I have a greater hold on myself than he does.” He said. “Remember that humans get to choose what they do as Followers. What hold Doomba has on any one of us is a wisp compared to what we do ourselves, and I chose to leave him behind me. I chose to follow King Sonnagh, and I choose now to lead these servants out of Coe Aela. I want you to come with me.”
Nisa dropped her hands completely. “You seem sure.” She said.
“As sure as I can be.” He crossed his arms, and continued, “I was given this task to perform, of spying upon Lord Fobata, to prove myself as a loyal citizen of Arria, but then I went a step farther. I prompted this servant rebellion, to ferment dissatisfaction into greater disorder, to destroy the infrastructure of Coe Aela, and destroy Lord Fobata’s ability to function as a Follower of Doomba. He cannot turn around and hire more servants instantly. Training new people, if he can find new people who will accept positions here, will be difficult to say the least. Coe Aela will fall apart.” Janus smiled.
“You seem cocky.” She remarked, eying him askance.
“Maybe I am a little, but I know what I am doing here, and it is the right thing this time.” He said, going towards the kitchen door. “After all of the years of wrong, awful decision-making. Will you be joining us, Nisa?” Janus asked, turning towards her as he opened the door. “We are about to march out of Coe Aela, after all, and this could be your last chance to get to Coe Kiki ahead of or just behind Basha, Oaka, and their friends.”
“You certainly didn’t know what you were doing when you joined the Followers of Doomba.” Nisa muttered, following after him, “And I certainly didn’t know what I was doing, getting involved with you.” She muttered, glaring at him as she went out the door.
“Believe me, Nisa, I will prove myself to you,” Janus said, closing the kitchen door behind them. “I will prove that I have what it takes to be your true love. I will do whatever it takes to reunite you with your charges, Basha and Oaka.”
“True love? Truly?” Nisa asked hesitantly, staring at him as they went down the steps into the front bailey, where all of the servants of Coe Aela were gathered, shouting at the few guards arrayed against them, on the ramparts and on the ground in front of the gate with the portcullis lowered. More guards were coming from the back bailey, the barracks, along the ramparts and from inside the castle. 
She couldn’t believe that he was talking to her like this, so soon after revealing himself to her. Most likely it was a diversion, intended to throw her off guard and keep her unbalanced, but she needed to keep herself focused on what had to be done, who needed protection at this time, and what she could really do to investigate Janus and stop him from doing anything wrong, when she had limited resources, very few allies she could trust, and so many people here who needed help. Gods, she had to think straight.
“Truly, I promise.” Janus said as one servant shouted out a name, over and over again, until a guard dropped his sword in horror. Two more servants, and then three more, and then about a dozen more started shouting out names, and then guards were dropping swords right and left before joining the servants. “Let us go join them,” He said, grabbing Nisa’s hand and pulling her towards the crowd. She was helpless around him sometimes, and allowed him to control her, but only up to a point. She would make sure that he didn’t get too far out of line.

“My guards are fraternizing with the rebels!” Fobata bellowed from where he stood before the front doors of Coe Aela’s castle, next to his clerks and assistants. “Can someone please explain to me why all of my men seem to be deserting?” He turned, glaring at them.
“I should have realized this might happen.” Marlo the steward said with a sigh from where he stood.
“What are you talking about?” Fobata growled, turning to him now.
“Do you remember how, six years ago, King Sonnagh reduced military expenses for the entire kingdom?” Marlo asked. “One of the measures was less funds allowed for the payment of guards’ wages at the ducal castles.”
“Oh, yes,” Fobata frowned. “I seem to recall that Goga was complaining about such wage reduction. Without funds from the king, we would have to pay the guards ourselves, and so we had to reduce the wage. And then some guards quit--”
“At which point, your Grace, your brother Goga advised that it would be cheaper to recruit young men from amongst your servants to be your guards. They would not know that they were being underpaid, compared to other guards, and might even be glad that the wages were higher than--”
“Oh no.” Fobata said, slamming his hand into his face.
“That’s right, quite a few of your guards are the sons, brothers, nephews, cousins and friends of the servants,” Marlo said, pointing, “And those servants started calling out for their friends and family members to join them in this revolt.”
Fobata lowered his hand, staring out at the scene. “Let them out.” He muttered.
“Pardon, your Grace?” Marlo asked, staring at the duke.
“Let them out!” Fobata cried, and several servants and guards stared back at him. “If they’re so eager to go, and get away from this place, then let them out!” He cried again, and the servants cheered as the remaining guards obeyed their lord’s orders, and started to raise the portcullis. The first few servants, and allied guards, started to pass through underneath the portcullis, leaving Coe Aela behind them.
“Excuse me, your Grace, I won’t be but a moment,” Marlo said, going down into the crowd of servants. Fobata glared after him as he went towards Janus.
“Look around you, Nisa, this is a joyous celebration!” Janus laughed, waving his hand at the crowd. “Everyone is happy, not a drop of blood was spilled, and it was just perfect.” He said with a subtle uplift to the corners of his mouth--a smile or a smirk?
“Are you sure? The steward is coming over here,” Nisa said, pointing.
“Just wait a moment, Nisa, I want to go talk to him.” He said, pushing through the departing crowd to meet Marlo in the middle of it. “Hello, Marlo,” He said.
“Well, Janus, I just wanted to say that you certainly did fool me. I never did catch you in the act of planning or preparing for this rebellion.” Marlo said. “And it was a little less than two weeks ago that I spoke to you about this.”
“I know. I had to move fast, and strike before the month was gone,” Janus said, nodding as he glanced around. “We had to gather up our forces and our supplies in short order, while the memory of Goga’s incarceration of the servant women was still fresh. If we had waited too long, and hesitated to take action, the memories of that latest indignity would have just faded away, to the same old hardship that people have to suffer, and we would have lost our chance to seize upon the furor.”
“Well, good luck to you, Janus, and take care of my servants.” Marlo said, reaching out to grip Janus’s hand and shake it. “Tell Ravona that I love her, and that I miss her when you see her again.” He said.
“Why don’t you go tell her that yourself? Come with us,” Janus said, “And see your daughter and grandchild. The servant rebellion has succeeded, we’ve got guards on our side to protect us on the march to Coe Kiki, and we even have some horses,” He pointed towards the stables, where some guards were seizing their horses to take with them, “If you can’t march. Fobata certainly couldn’t stop you if you wanted to come, so why don’t you?”
“Because I’m too old to spend days marching out there in hot and cold weather. Because my bones might break, my steps might slow, and I might grow so weary that I couldn’t carry on, and I wouldn’t want to take a horse away from somebody else who might need it.” Marlo said, “I would slow you all down, and I wouldn’t want that. I want you all to go on out there and enjoy yourselves without me, seize the day, and find new lives for yourselves.” 
“Marlo, Marlo, I’m older than you are, and I’m going.” Janus said.
“No, Janus, no. I’m different from you, you’re younger than you think, in terms of strength and vitality. I’m older. I’m too old now to change my ways, and I’m still too committed to Coe Aela to abandon it forever. Somebody has to stay behind to help Lord Fobata take care of things here, and I am still that man. My daughter would not like it if my allegiance still remained with Lord Fobata, so why bother her about it?  Let her be happy without me, she probably won’t see me again.” Marlo said.
“You’re too stubborn, Marlo, just like her. Good-bye, Marlo.” Janus said, shaking Marlo’s hand one last time before he turned away to rejoin Nisa as they went out the aperture with the rest of the servants, many of whom sang:
“Give praises to the season of Plig,
As we sow our bright futures in the dirt--
Never forgetting the former Sna season,
when harsh clouds of snow reigned.
Sing this song and hope for bounty still,
Remember how Za and Wan also plowed,
And reaped their own benefits, 
Upon the land that belonged to them alone.
When our seeds are firmly planted,
Then we will walk forth with bearing--
Never running, across the fields
With the cadence of our hearts beating.
We shall head right of the rising sun,
To the shelter of Mother Earth,
And to the welcome of her golden sons,
To reap the benefit of our bright futures.”
“I’ve never heard this song before. Where did it come from?” Nisa asked Janus as they walked into the forest.
“It’s a code song.” He laughed. “We made it up when we thought we would be leaving the harsh oppression of Coe Aela during the Plig season—actually, Gnat made up most of the words.” He said. “‘We shall head right of the rising sun’, south from the eastern direction, ‘To the shelter of Mother Earth, And to the welcome of her golden sons’. Coe Kiki was named after the mother of King Marvola, a queen of Arria.” He said.
“That does make sense. Quite clever, actually.” Nisa remarked as they faded away from Coe Aela’s view.
“I know. Gnat does show promise.” Janus sighed as they vanished into the forest.
“Good-bye, Janus.” The old steward said, watching him go before he turned back to rejoin Lord Fobata.
“Thank you for staying.” Lord Fobata said to Marlo as he approached.
“Don’t mention it,” Marlo muttered, going past his lord and back into the castle.
	
“Well, I suppose we shall have to adjust ourselves to the absences of our servants,” Lord Fobata said, turning to his other clerks and assistants. “Find some way to organize ourselves to maintain the castle and our living standards.” He paused a moment to think before he commanded them, “Scrounge up whatever food stuffs you can find in the kitchen, and then we shall have a breakfast meeting this morning, as soon as possible. We need to assess our situation financially as well, to see if we can hire a few more servants and guards to help us out here, preferably those unfamiliar with this place. So bring your ledgers to the grand banquet hall as well. You are dismissed.” He said, and the clerks and assistants went out to follow his orders.
The duke of Coe Aela went back inside, to be confronted by his last remaining guests from his birthday party almost two weeks ago, the freeloaders who would not go away, no matter what happened. But after he told them all what had just happened, that all of the servants of Coe Aela had just deserted, and now they would no longer be getting the kind of service that they had come to expect from Coe Aela before, the guests had started storming off, grumbling to themselves as they probably planned to pack up and leave as soon as possible. That was one good thing about the servants’ rebellion, repelling the freeloaders. 
He entered the grand banquet hall, empty of anyone except himself at this time, and began to pace back and forth as he waited for the clerks and assistants to arrive here. He should have been braver, and refused to let them go without a fight, instead of giving up to them so quickly and easily, he thought to himself. He should have stood up to them, and said--delayed rebuttals began to swarm his mind, rebuttals that he could have used against the servants, instead of just letting them go with a few short, sharp, swift words. But now they were gone, too far away to hear his scalding words, or to be affected by his anger. He was left on his own, to fend for himself, and no one was on his side.
Lord Fobata sat down at a table, tired of pacing when it got him nowhere and did little good to relieve his stress, but he was still restless, angry at himself and his impotence. He reached down into his coat pocket and tugged out a white handkerchief with crimson stitching, which had ‘K&M’ on one side, and ‘Blessings, Your Sisters’ on the other. Holding it up to droop across his hand, he stared at its crimson stitching for a moment, remembering Kala, the woman, his second or third or fourth cousin, who had given it to him so many years ago. What would she think of him now?

“It’s a wedding favor, for guests who came to my wedding,” Kala said, pressing the handkerchief into his hands, “See the stitching? The Sisters must have worked for hours on this one and the others.” She pointed out before she turned around to close the flap on her pack. “But you get one because we had so many left over after the wedding. Would Goga like one, do you think, for when he comes back?” She asked, looking back at him. 
“I suppose so.” Fobata said, and Kala turned back around to open her pack again.
“I’m afraid this is the last of the guest handkerchiefs,” Kala said, pulling out a similar one to Fobata’s and handing it over to him, “All that’s left is my own.” She sighed, closing the pack again. “All of the guest handkerchiefs are the same as my own, except that their gift to me had indigo thread, not red.” She smiled sadly as she turned back to Fobata. “They stitched all of these handkerchiefs just for me. I never thought that they would, after the way that I left them, but that was my fault. Still, I chose my path, and I’m glad of it. Glad,” She said, patting her pregnant belly. “I got to enjoy my life with him, if only for a short while, and I don’t regret that one bit.” She said softly, almost crying.
“Are you sure you can’t stay?” Fobata asked her.
“No, Fobata, no. I told you, I’ve got to go.” She said, turning around to mount up her horse, although Fobata had to help her up. “The Sna season is almost upon us, and I have to reach my destination. I’ve lingered too long already.” She muttered.
“Please, Kala, please, it’s not safe--” He pleaded.
“Fobata, I’m going to be fine, it’s you I’m worried about. You and my little sister…oh, Fobata, I almost forgot.” Kala said, looking down at him. “I told my little sister Niobe that if she were ever in any kind of trouble at all, she could always depend upon you to help her. She can come to you for help if she is in trouble, can’t she?” Kala asked.
Fobata sighed. “Of course I will help Niobe, whatever is wrong.” He said.
Niobe. Goga. Oh, gods, what horrors had come from that, Fobata still remembered. Kala would only despise him for his cowardice and ignorance, for allowing such indignities to happen in his house, if she ever saw him again.

Lord Lagotaq led the group members to his study, where they could talk privately, and the guards closed the doors behind them. A study seemed to be a common thing amongst lords and noblemen, or those that aspired to be just like them, a study where they could retreat, and work out the problems that plagued their estates. The study was sparse, containing just a few pieces of furniture with a weary desk, some threadbare covered chairs, and one or two long, low bookshelves half full of ragged volumes. A plain parchment rug covered the stone floor in the empty part of the room, and that was it, no tapestries or paintings covered bare stone walls. 
The group looked around, intrigued by the decor insofar as it might give them a clue as to their benefactor’s character, and whether or not they may be able to trust the man. Lord Lagotaq’s Coe Wina seemed to be starker and greyer than Lord Fobata’s Coe Aela. Though Coe Aela was squat and square, disguising its ugliness and decay through lavish furnishings, grandiose celebrations, and displays of pride--much like Lord Fobata himself in his decadence--Coe Wina appeared to be both exposed to the elements, like a bone left out for dogs and other wild animals to strip clean of its meat, and bristling with defenses against these elements, such as the guards sent out on patrol and the hillside barricades. 
Coe Wina was narrow and full of ridges, split between the lower half where most of the ordinary servants and guards lived and worked, bustling with activity on the outside and probably inside of the small buildings, and the upper half where the castle loomed over everything, haunting and wild on the outside, but half empty and gloomy inside, with barriers between them. The group did not know what to make of Coe Wina, nor did they know what to make of its lord, but they knew that they may not find much comfort here.
“I want you all to know, the humans amongst you,” Lord Lagotaq started to say, omitting Fato as he sat down behind his desk, “that you are or might be descendents of the Knights of Arria, as your abilities to wield the Swords of Arria without getting hurt seem to indicate that your ancestries lie in that direction. I understand that you have some knowledge as to the Swords--” He said, stopping Basha and Gant in particular from speaking, even though Fato was in a bit of a huff, “But I wanted you all to know, for certain, that this is what it means. Magic is generally passed down through bloodlines, with strong or weak tendencies depending, and sometimes skipping a generation or two, but usually it crops up somewhere. And you can expect that your ancestors had some of your specialties, and owned the Swords that you wield. Your ancestor, Monika, for example, wielded the Blue Sword because his or her specialty laid in that direction, as did yours, Oaka, towards the Red, and Basha and Gnat--” He said, turning to the young man and girl. “Your ancestor wielded the Black.” He said.
“Our ancestor?” Gnat asked, stunned. “But we’re not related, your Grace, Basha and I have only just met. We have no common ground. I grew up in Coe Aela, he grew up in Coe Baba, how can we be related?”
“Humans and magic, why do they get all of the magical abilities?” Fato muttered to himself. “Birds could use magic as well, we need it more than they do, and we would do a lot better job at handling magic.”
“I don’t know how you two can be related, but of course you two are related, how else can you both have touched the same Sword?” Lord Lagotaq asked Gnat, ignoring Fato. “Your ancestor might be from twenty years ago, a hundred years ago, or a thousand years ago, but in some way, you two are related.” He insisted.
“How can--” Basha started to say, but then stopped a moment, stunned. His heart pounded as he realized Your ancestor wielded the Black—could this be true? Could this be something true about his family’s past? “How can you know this, your Grace?” He asked, his breath caught in his throat. 
“Ever since the Red Sword came into my possession, as lord of Coe Wina, I have studied the matter of the Swords of Arria thoroughly, and I know a great deal about them.” Lord Lagotaq told him, and then he began to state some simple facts about the Swords of Arria already covered by Monika in the cave behind the waterfall. Out of politeness, Basha listened to him, and Gnat paid attention as well, because she had missed part of this conversation in the cave.
Meanwhile, Oaka marveled to himself, “The Red Knight, he must have lived in Coe Baba. There is no way that he could have lived anywhere else. All of my ancestors, as far back as I know, grew up and lived in Coe Baba. The Red Knight, he or one of his descendents, must have started up The Smiling Stallion inn in the first place! That would be something to boast about.” He remarked.
“That would be a laugh!” Fato remarked from Basha’s shoulder.
“So it’s true, then, that I had an ancestor who wielded the Blue Sword? Who was a Knight of Arria?” Monika asked, and then sighed. “Of course it’s true, it’s bound to be true.” She said, answering her own question before anyone else could. “I just wish it wasn’t.”
“What is your problem with that?” Oaka asked Monika.
“My people were exiled from Arria hundreds of years ago, forced to wander the Za Desert to this very day by the Corricans and their descendents, not to mention all of the wars and disputes that have arisen since this displacement, and I have a Knight of Arria as my ancestor, the ultimate Corrican warrior? I am bound to have some very mixed-up feelings in this regard.” She remarked. “I grew up with stories about how Arria really does belong to us, the Zariens, and that the Corricans stole it.”
“She’s got a point there.” Fato remarked. “You humans are certainly a bit messed up when it comes to peaceful societal relationships.”
“But surely—it was so long ago--” Basha tried to say, caught up in between the different conversations.
 “My mother and my grandfather had a distinct dislike for the Corricans who exiled their ancestors, passed down to them over the generations.” Monika said. “Plus, they still had to fight some battles in their own time period, against Arria and Pakric and Pinal, battles that never would have happened if we had Arria, or some other country to call our own, besides the Za Desert. Though it might be barren in many areas, it’s still a hotly contested piece of territory. I suppose I did share in that sentiment.” Monika said. “Part of me does not want to be even distantly, remotely, related to the Corricans, and yet I have the Blue Sword in my possession. It is a source of strength for me and a part of my identity now. I don’t want to lose that part of myself, and yet I might very well be Corrican because of it. I am very confused at this point.” She added.
“Lord Lagotaq, if you know so much about the Swords of Arria, then can you tell us, please, who wielded the Black Sword, who specifically amongst the Knights?” Basha asked, turning back to the Duke of Coe Wina, who had finished his lecture.
“I would also like to know who wielded the Blue Sword, who specifically, if they were or were not Corrican.” Monika remarked.
“Can’t you give that hatred of the Corricans thing a rest?” Oaka asked her.
“It’s hard. It takes time to cope with it.” Monika said. “I heard these stories for years, it’s not like you can easily forget them. Plus, I don’t really want to be descended from the Corricans, especially when I am—or will be—or should be--ugh.” She said, slapping her face.
“What?” Oaka asked.
“Nothing, nothing, nothing.” She waved him away. “It’s just something that is really important to me and my family. You probably wouldn’t even care.” Monika muttered.
“I might, we might care, if you would tell us.” Oaka remarked.
“Now is not a good time or place for it.” She said. “Maybe later.”
Oaka groaned to himself as Basha continued, “Can you please tell us their names, your Grace, or anything else about them, the people that I--Gnat and I--” Basha said, and then, before Lord Lagotaq could speak, he interrupted, “Wait a moment, Gnat and I, we don’t know anything about our ancestors, not even our own parents.” He said, slamming a hand down on the desk lightly. “And what about Goga?” He asked, horrified. “Goga wielded the Black Sword as well, according to Gnat!”
“Oh gods no!” Gnat cried. “Not him! Please say we’re not related to him!”
“You don’t know anything about your parents?” Lord Lagotaq asked, staring at both of them. “How is this possible?”
“I do know something about my mother, your Grace,” Basha said, “A few things, but precious little. She died giving birth to me, her name was Kala, my father’s name might have started with an M, he died before I was born, my mother had sisters--”
“Wait a minute, stop, stop, stop,” Lord Lagotaq said, holding a hand up. He stared at Basha with an intensity to rival a stone’s face. “You said your mother’s name was--”
“Kala. Do you know of it?” Basha asked, curious, beyond all doubt that he might find something out here.
“Never speak that name aloud.” Lord Lagotaq told him in a low, furious voice. “Never speak that name aloud, the further south you go, especially in Coe Kiki. It’s too dangerous down there. Only speak that name aloud in a safe, secure environment, a peaceful place where you will be certain that you will be safe, amongst friends. Coe Kiki is too dangerous a place to utter that name.” He muttered to himself.
“How harsh can you get?” Fato muttered to himself.
“Why? What is wrong with--” Basha started to say, his heart breaking.
“Did she die giving birth to you, or did she die because of her pursuers?” Lord Lagotaq countered. “Was she weakened by the chase, or was it because--” 
“She died because of me, it was my fault!” Basha cried, ‘her pursuers’ barely crossing Basha’s mind.
“Not neccessarily.” Oaka said, interrupting them. “My mother and father, Habala and Geda, they raised Basha alongside of me, and they were there on the night that Kala, Basha’s mother, arrived at the inn, as were many of the townspeople.” He said. “People in town say Kala came to the inn with a bloody sword, half exhausted, and that a man’s body was found in the snow--”
“Those are just rumors!” Basha cried, turning around to face Oaka, as Monika, Gnat, and Fato gasped in astonishment, having never heard that fact about Kala before. “Rumors and lies! She didn’t--she couldn’t have--” He fumbled, trying to find the right words. He never had wanted to believe that it was possible that she had killed a man, fearing that his mother might be revealed as a villain of some kind, but this talk of pursuers—
“They chased her, the Followers and Servants of Doomba, they chased her all the way from the south to the north,” Lord Lagotaq said, turning Basha’s attention towards him. “Hundreds of miles, across the roughest terrain, into the coldest months of the year, carrying you inside her belly. They practically chased her until she died, but she got away, did she not? She survived long enough to deliver you. That was what she wanted.” He said.
“This is disturbing.” Fato remarked.
“Who are--how do you know that?” Basha asked. They chased her until she died, just like they had almost chased him to death.
“Basha, I am--” Lord Lagotaq said, and then stopped. “Never mind that. Corr wielded the Black Sword as a Knight of Arria before he became the first ruler of Arria,” He said abruptly, standing up and crossing around the desk, and the stunned group, towards the study’s doors. “And that is all you need to know about for now. Anything more could put you all into jeopardy, more so than you are now. I suggest that you all drop the matter entirely, you too, Monika,” He added, “Until it is safe to talk about Basha’s mother and the Knights of Arria.”
“When will that be, your Grace?” Basha asked in a low temperment--he had never expected answers of any kind about his mother Kala, when she had been gone from his life for so long, but now that they were being hinted at, he wanted more.
“Complete the task that you all were sent out to perform, and then we can talk about her, and the Knights, to your hearts’ contentment.” Lord Lagotaq huffed. “Complete the task, and get Tau’s Cup. I am afraid to say that, for now, it is not safe for you all to linger anywhere for very long. Select what supplies you need from my stores, rest here awhile for a couple of days, and then continue on your way. I do not wish to make you all stay or go, when you do need your rest, but it is the only way that this can work out for me.” 
“Are you in danger too, your Grace?” Monika asked.
“You can say that.” He paused a moment before opening the door. “I am afraid, as well, that we must keep apart. One meeting is more than enough, but two meetings like this--we cannot possibly meet again like this in private, without drawing some attention to ourselves, and I will probably not speak to you all again.” He said, opening the study door with the guards waiting outside. “Goodbye, my friends.” He said, bowing his head and gesturing for them to leave before they could protest.
“Goodbye your Grace,” The group muttered in different tones, bowing and curtsying as best they could before him, and then they trooped out of his study, because of his command.
“Lead them to their quarters,” Lord Lagotaq instructed his guards, “And let them have access to the stores. They are free to replenish their supplies, and take as much as they need. I will give you further orders later,” He said, closing the study door.
“Do you think he was lying?” Oaka muttered to Basha as they followed after the guards. “About Corr and everything?”
“Lying? I don’t know.” Basha said, his mind still reeling over everything he had just heard as he shook his head. “He seemed knowledgeable, more knowledgeable than I ever could be about what happened, and he seemed to believe everything that he was saying. He seemed so earnest. And though he didn’t explain enough, perhaps not even half of what he really knew, I think that there has got to be a reason why this is all going on.” He muttered.
“You believe in a reason for everything, don’t you?” Fato remarked. “What if there is no reason, for any of this?”
“I agree with Basha. There has to be a reason of some kind, even if it is sort of random.” Oaka remarked to himself, glancing over at the bird. “It might be just a fluke that we have ties to the Knights of Arria, it might be just a fluke that we happened to pick up the Swords of Arria where we found them, and swore some kind of oath so that they now belong to us, because someone else might have done the same if they had ties to the Knights, but still, it is a reason of some kind. Lord Lagotaq might have reasons of his own for why he doesn’t want to tell Basha or any of us more about the Swords of Arria, and it might be totally random on his part, but it is still a reason.”
“I didn’t mean for this conversation to get philosophical.” Fato remarked.
“You could be descended from Corr, Basha.” Gnat hissed, focused on that still. “I could be…that’s royalty, that’s nobility. Good grief, so could Goga!” She exclaimed.
“Royal, noble blood, that’s just what Goga needs.” Fato muttered to himself and shuddered. “Imagine, Goga on the throne of Arria, what could be worse than that?”
“Nonsense. Absurd.” Basha said, shaking his head. “I don’t believe it, neither Goga nor I could…she never would have…I never would have…how can it be that she, my mother, would die alone far to the north, without friends or family, and without much in the way of material wealth, if she was descended from Corr? And Goga? How can it be possible?” He asked.
“She may have fallen…” Oaka started to say, but then stopped at the look on Basha’s face. “Don’t ask me.” He said, raising his hands. “I don’t know.”
“Perhaps she might be distantly related to Corr, like I am distantly, distantly related to one of the Knights of Arria.” Monika remarked. “Perhaps she was a descendent of one of Corr’s daughters, or maybe a younger brother of King Marvola. Same with Goga.” She, and the others, shuddered once more at the thought of Goga.
“Never mind that.” Basha said. “The one thing that gets me, though…south to north. How did he know that?” Basha asked. “My mother…the man they found in the snow, they say he was wearing southern clothes unsuitable for the north, perhaps from as far south as Coe Kiki. Perhaps she did come from that direction as well. How did he know that?”
“Maybe he was just lucky at guessing?” Oaka asked and then shrugged. “I don’t know, Coe Baba is the northernmost point in the kingdom. You can’t really get there from anywhere else besides traveling south to north.”
“Please, I’m supposed to have a smaller brain than you humans do, and even I know that’s wrong.” Fato said. “Or at least…did any of you mention Coe Baba to him?”
“I think I did when I introduced ourselves.” Basha remarked.
“Never mind then.” Fato sighed as Gnat giggled slightly. “I thought he just guessed that part as well.”
“Perhaps we should avoid Coe Kiki as well.” Monika remarked.
“Why should we do that?” Basha asked, staring at her.
“If Lord Lagotaq is so adamant that Coe Kiki is a dangerous place, then perhaps we should consider avoiding it.” Monika said.
“No, I don’t…this may be my one and only chance, our one and only chance, for all of us to see Coe Kiki before we…” He hesitated, about to mention ‘go into the Wastelands’, but he didn’t want to bring it up just yet, when it was so closely tied to death. “In any case, we should not be afraid of everything, should we?” He asked. “Lord Lagotaq said we should only avoid saying that name in Coe Kiki and in other places. Otherwise it might be safe, far safer for us in Coe Kiki than in Coe Aela, surely.” He said, not quite sure why he should avoid saying Kala’s name in such a safe place as Coe Kiki, but perhaps he might as well follow Lord Lagotaq’s command on this matter if the duke was right. “Coe Kiki is the capital of my country, and I don’t want to miss seeing that, few of us would. Plus, Fato has to get there to deliver Janus’s message about Fobata, and…”
“Don’t try to make us into your excuses.” Fato muttered.
“I believe Janus might be heading in that direction as well.” Gnat added in a low voice.
“Exactly!” Basha cried, as Fato glared at Gnat. “If Janus and the other servants get free of Coe Aela, in that servants’ rebellion that Gnat was talking about…” Basha snapped his fingers. “Then that’s where he would be heading. Gnat needs to get there if she wants to be reunited with him and the rest of the servants.” He said. 
“I wouldn’t mind seeing Janus again.” Gnat remarked.
“I wonder if Nisa would be following the servants...” Basha muttered to himself, thinking of his protector they had left behind at Coe Aela. He had thought that she couldn’t possibly have followed their escape route, especially when they had climbed Old Smoko the mountain range, and he hoped that she was okay, and had not been found out by either Lord Fobata or Captain Goga while she was still in Coe Aela.
“Are we really supposed to trust a woman who uses knives indiscriminately, in threatening people like Janus, a spy in service to the crown?” Fato asked.
“She might have a perfectly good reason to do so, if she suspected him of misdoings.” Monika muttered to herself. “All right, all right, I suppose we cannot avoid that city, much as I wish we could,” Monika sighed to herself. “Especially if we have to do so much. Why do we have to do so much?” She muttered.
“It’s just the way things are,” Basha sighed.
“Do you want me to leave when we get to Coe Kiki, Basha?” Gnat asked, her voice strained and croaky as she looked up at him.
“No, I…it’s up to you, Gnat,” Basha told her, “But we’ll be going into dangerous terrain soon after that, especially in the Wastelands, and you’ll be much safer in Coe Kiki,” He said. “If you didn’t want to be chased anymore by people or things like Captain Goga.”
“I would be much safer, too,” Oaka remarked, holding up his hand. “Can I stay in Coe Kiki as well?” He asked.
“Coward, through and through!” Fato cried.
“You can stay there if you want to,” Basha said, staring at his brother, “But I would be going on, with or without you.”
“All right, all right, I suppose I will go on too,” Oaka sighed, lowering his hand. “Don’t want to break my promise either.” He muttered.
“That settles it? Good,” Basha said, turning away from his moody, brooding friends. “We can do this,” He said to himself as they reached their quarters, and the guards finally left, with some instruction as to how to reach the Great Hall for meals.
“Or die trying!” Fato cried and the group moaned.

Goga opened his eyes, and groaned softly to himself in the dimness that surrounded him. “Where am I?” He asked, trying to peer about and move, but he could barely lift his head.
“You are in my cave,” A husky female voice replied, lined with dripping stone in both her voice and location, though it was difficult to discern her figure as she bent down, and arranged a few pots set atop a grille. The dark, matted brown hair covered up her face and form, the shadows overcame the light. “Your horse was scared when I saved you, and you had a great fall.” She said.
 “Who are…that was you?” Goga gasped, staring at her as her words struck him. He couldn’t believe it, she was…he remembered part of what had happened. The Coe Wina guards had been chasing after him, into the foothills southest of the fortress as he attempted to escape the valley, but they were gaining on him as his horse was far from well rested, having traveled from Coe Aela for days now with Goga as his rider. The animal was also unaccustomed to hilly, rocky terrain, traversing it with great difficulty, unlike the horses born and trained to move over mountains. 
Goga had tried his best to encourage the beast, but it was no use, the Coe Wina guards would catch up with him at any moment. Suddenly, clouds gathered in the sky, and were rent apart by lightning flashes until a spector appeared before him and the others; a crow it seemed to be, with dark wings spreading out and talons spearing towards them. With a thunderous screech, it swallowed him up whole as the Coe Wina guards were forced to flee with their animals panicking. That spectral crow, though it had been a conjuration of sorts, an illusion, had been such a fiendish thing that he couldn’t believe she had created it.
 “My name is Yaggee. I saved your life. You owe me for that, Goga, at a great price.” She said, turning back towards him with a pot in her hands.
He winced at the sight of her face. He usually avoided female company, too busy with his duties to his brother and Coe Aela to bother much about friendship, love, and marriage to a woman, but at least he knew that this woman was not pretty, and far from beautiful. He would not have been interested in her. “How do you know my name? And what sort of a price?” He asked. “I have little in the way of money with me, and you…”
“Oh, Goga, Goga,” She said, ignoring his dismay as she put the pot down on the ground of the cave, and submerged her hands into it. “I have no need of your money. Not that you ever had enough that you could have given me to satisfy your life debt.” She said, removing her hands from the pot, now covered in a gooey, mud-like substance. “I am not cruel. I can be reasonable.” She said, as she began smearing the muddy substance onto his head and rubbing it in. “What I ask of you now is more than enough to pay off your debt to me, and can put yourself at a higher stance in life, because currently, baby, you are low, am I right? As low as you have ever been, and you work for your brother.”
“So what do you want out of me?” He asked, perturbed at her condescending treatment of him, although the massage to his scalp felt nice and soothing, easing the pain and weariness he had felt these past few days. He wondered what was in the healing salve she was using.
“I need a military man for my mission, one that I hope you will enjoy as well, and you are just the sort of man that I need for the job, especially with your connections.” She said.
“Connections? What sort of connections?” He glanced up.
“Don’t make me laugh, Goga.” Yaggee said. “I may live in a cave, but I know enough about you and your family that I am liable to want to be a part of it, to know the advantages that you and your connections have brought you, and you don’t even make use of half of.”
Goga immediately tried to get up and leave, although the pain in his head increased tenfold and he was forced to lie back down again. “I will not tolerate being forced to do anything revolting!” He cried.
“Goga, I will not force you to…” Yaggee huffed as she flicked off the last of the healing salve back into the pot. “I may be a witch, as some might call me, but at least I have some sense of decency and decorum.” She picked up the pot, carrying it back off to the side. “I will not ask you to do anything to compromise yourself, your values, or your tastes.” She grimaced, turning back to him. “What I am asking you to do is revolt against King Sonnagh of Arria.”
Goga stopped as he tried to sit up. “Usurp the throne?” He asked.
“That is exactly what I am asking you to do.”
“How? With what?” Goga asked, gesturing around at the cave where she lived, void of anything except her supplies, and himself, where he would probably live from now on. “Humble as my circumstances are. As you may have noticed, I don’t exactly have an army with me, not even a platoon.”
“That is where you and I will come in,” She said, coming over to grasp his hand, “And we will join forces, baby.”
“You are scaring me.” Goga managed to say, removing his hand from hers.
“That is the way it should be, Goga.” She smiled in a manner too devious and calculated to be called true or warm.

That evening, after settling down into their quarters, and then dining on the fine food that Coe Wina had to offer, a treat after several days of climbing and descending the Old Smoko with low rations, Basha stared out one of the many windows in its Great Hall across a rugged landscape, full of hills and mountains in the distance, with so many ‘dips’ or vales in between them, similar to the sight that he had seen upon the heights of Old Smoko, although everything had looked so much smaller up there. Now that he was closer to the ground, or at least as close as he could be on top of Coe Wina’s motte in Lord Lagotaq’s castle, he began to see how far he would have to go to traverse its length, the heights and falls he would have to take along with the others, and he still did not know if he was going the right way. 
Should he turn back now, go around Coe Aela without Captain Goga to chase them, and risk crossing Black Wolves or other creatures on the return trip to Coe Baba? Should he accept defeat in his inability to get the Cup, blame for the loss of Sir Nickleby, and acknowledgement that he was worthless to Jawen, a true balnor who did not deserve her? Perhaps he should, although he was not sure if he was ready yet. He did not know that…
He heard footsteps behind him, and turned around to see Monika approaching him. “Hello, Monika, nice evening wear.” He said, staring at her.
“Hello, Basha, I suppose it is,” She said, staring out the window as well and ignoring his final word. 
She was wearing a dress, not a particularly good dress as it did not fit her and overwhelmed her body, but it was a dress nonetheless. Basha had gotten used to her wearing trousers and shirts instead of a dress as they traveled together, not really expecting her to change for any reason when it was so practical for her, and so it was a big surprise to him. 
He might have missed the fact that she was wearing a dress at the dining hall this evening, especially as she was already seated by the time he came down and he was distracted with his own thoughts, but there had been a buzz in the air from Oaka, Gnat, and Fato on the other side of the table. They must have seen her arrive wearing the dress. Was he always the last one to know, missing everything about him, as he careened through life without a care, or at least not too many cares, considering what he was going through? Perhaps he should be more careful and observant of things around him, but he was stumped right now about what to do or say at this point with Monika. She wasn’t a ‘boy’ anymore, not in his eyes at least. She could be…if he wasn’t already practically married to Jawen…
“What are you thinking about?” Monika asked, staring at him now.
“Jawen.” Basha said, not lying, definitely not lying, he was thinking about her in that moment when he looked into Monika’s eyes.
“Jawen, mm-hmm,” Monika said, looking down. “She must be really special to you for you to have gone to all of this trouble for,” She said.
“You have no idea.” Basha said, looking away from her now to stare out the window again. “Jawen was…she has been my obsession for many years now,” He confessed. “I have been in love with her ever since I was a child, even when I did not know what true love was, not really.” He said. “She was the first person to tell me the truth about my birth, of my birth mother Kala. Not even my mother Habala would tell me the truth about that until after I asked her, when I had heard what Jawen had to say. She was honest and smart, perhaps the smartest, most honest girl I had ever met up to that point,” He said, adding ‘up to that point’ as he wondered if Jawen’s honesty rivaled that of Monika’s, when Monika had kept such secrets about herself and what she knew that he had no idea if he knew the real Monika yet. Certainly Monika was intelligent, perhaps even more intelligent than Jawen, although theirs were such different types of intelligences, on such different matters, that perhaps it was not fair to compare them. He was not the best judge of character, after all, especially when he was so flawed.
Monika rolled her eyes. “Right, go on,” She said, and nothing else.
He continued, “I made friends with her after awhile, after we apologized to each other,” He said, not really wanting to explain about her calling him a balnor, “And then we were good friends for some time until our fathers had a feud,” He said, again not explaining what had happened to between their fathers, “And so we broke it off. We were apart for many years, seeing different people in that time, but I think that we were still in love with each other until that fateful day, last Suma, when we met each other again, and kissed for the first time ever.”
“Kissed?” Monika said, looking up. “You had not kissed anyone before then?”
“I had,” Basha said, crimsoning as he did not want to mention Iibala’s name at that point, when he had hated her so much once. “But this was the first time that Jawen and I had ever kissed each other, even we were friends we did not. But I felt something in that moment…” Basha said, trying to grasp that moment in his mind, to recall the sort of feeling he had when it was so long ago, and he felt like a different person then. 
“I was there, and yet I was not. I was inside myself and I was letting go of something bigger than myself, something more furious and ferocious when I was timid and scared, and I was alive, Monika, for the first time ever. I wasn’t scared anymore. I could feel my breath race inside and outside my body, I could feel my heart pounding like the ocean overflowing the shore, and it was fantastic, Monika. I was so alive and so happy then that I could roar, and leap up into the air if I wanted to, and I wanted that moment to last forever. I wanted to be with her forever, Jawen and me…we were so happy together.” He sighed. “So happy.”
“Good. Glad to hear that,” Monika said, smiling weakly before she turned and walked away from him. “Good night, Basha.”
“Good night, Monika. So happy,” He murmured, shaking his head, not turning around to watch Monika’s departure as he could not bear to see it. He had to avoid her, from now on, if he wanted to stay strong on his quest, on his purpose to retrieve Tau’s Cup and bring it back to Jawen. He hated to abandon his quest, which he had started and could not fail in now, especially after all that they had gone through, all that they had lost, and what had to lie further ahead for them, because of him, he feared. He did not want to see the horrors of the Wastelands, the traps set out for him by the minions of Doomba, but if every step took him closer to the truths of the Tigora’l, the tiger of light, his mother Kala, or even the Knights of Arria with their Swords, perhaps he could stand the rest of the trip, and the falls that they might have to take along the way, especially if…they were together.
He stared up at the moon, and wished that it would not fade away this night. He could not face the dawn by himself.

Far away from Coe Wina, a man sat alone in a chair by the fireside in his private study, sipping a glass of wine and quietly reading a book as a clock ticked away the minutes and hours on the mantelpiece. He sighed to himself and shook his head as he flipped over onto another page. He couldn’t quite understand everything that he read, although he supposed that was the author’s choice and purpose in how she compsed her work, to confuse the reader as much as possible and give them a sense of disquiet and discomfort as they questioned the material.
Occasionally, some details interested him more than others, and he might have spent weeks deciphering some of the clues and hints she teased at her readers, if he felt so inclined, but other parts just had him shaking his head and pressing on, deciding that it wasn’t worth the bother to think about when there was more ahead, and it probably had little or nothing to do with him, his affairs, or time period even. He paused a moment in his perusal and stared at the inscription on the next page: The Tiger Prophecy. 
He frowned to himself, staring at those familiar words, which he had long ago memorized when he had first come across this obscure prophecy, embedded in the pages of this obscure book, The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, which he had discovered in the dusty pile of tomes that made up the Royal Library. He had no clue at the time whether or not there were other extant copies of the book that still remained, although he suspected there had to be some other remnants of it somewhere, fragments embedded in other books if not copies of this particular volume. 
Wintha the Wanderer had been a very popular figure in her day over a thousand years ago, maybe even over two thousand, and there were bound to have been hundreds of copies made of her book at the time, if not thousands. Despite the immense age and physical deterioration of the original copies, there was bound to have been recreations and reproductions made of her volume dozens of times since then, one of which he held now, not an original copy, but as close as one could get to it thousands of years later. Wintha the Wanderer’s words had real staying power, it seemed, a timeless quality as, more often than not, her words seemed to apply towards future scenarios that she could not have possibly forseen so long ago, and yet here he was, staring at one of her prophecies that might come true, if events so ran in that direction. 
Of course, he was opposed to the potential outcome of this particular prophecy, despite having discovered it so long ago as a young man, as he knew that it might mean the end of his career as a Follower of Doomba when it would be the end of Doomba himself. He could not allow it to come true, he could not, and yet he admired the quality of the writing itself, the craft that Wintha the Wanderer had shown in composing her prophecy, if not in the prediction itself, as he saw how close her words came to achieving immortality, for having lasted this long and yet sustaining their meaning, value, and exigency. Not even Doomba could say the same thing about himself.
Doomba was deteriorating, it was a well known fact amongst his Followers and Servants, and he had been for a long time now. Most of the legions of Servants he had could not march out of the Wastelands without being noticed by humans and heavily opposed, possibly wiped out, by them in the process, so the Servants could not take over Arria on their own without human, or Follower, interference. The gruelmoffs and Black Wolves could slip out and wander across the continent without being noticed by humans, although they were certainly no match for a human army, and could only perform menial tasks. All of Doomba’s Followers were in hiding, most of them not in very powerful positions or ineffectual, and there were too few Followers to really make an impact on the outside world. Nothing about Doomba at this particular time spoke of exigency, emergency, and power to the outside world, aside from some vague fear or notion of him, not like he was at the beginning of the Dark Ages. 
At the beginning of the Dark Ages, despite his obsession with getting into Coe Pidaria, which had created the Wastelands surrounding Coe Pidaria’s magical shield in the process, Doomba’s forces had been massive, and had spread all across the continent, taking over nearly everything, including Arria, but the human resistance had been strong enough that it had outlasted the invasion force, and the Servants of Doomba had eventually crept back into the Wastelands about a thousand years later. Still, the promise of Doomba, while it had been squandered in the past and remained weak to this day, offered a tantalizing hope to Followers such as himself, the chance to gain power beyond what most earthly institutions could offer; the chance to become a master over the earth itself. Lord Crow, as he was so called amongst other Followers of Doomba such as himself, wanted such power, and would do anything to get it, as he had so proven in the past to Doomba and himself, but the words that Wintha the Wanderer had written challenged that notion for him.
The words that Wintha wrote never changed, despite whatever interpretation, translation, or mistake was applied to them. They remained steadfast while everything else shifted about them. Their meaning might change or the mind might misremember, enlarging or belittling certain facets about them, making the words greater or smaller than they were, but what remained, after such illusions, delusions, and disillusions were taken away from them, would at least be intelligible and decipherable, perhaps even understandable, to those who chose to read and heed them. 
Well, he had chosen to read and heed these words, their message about the tiger of light and the dragon, and so he had passed them along to Doomba, although he now wished, all these years later, that he had not. Perhaps, if he had been smarter, he would have kept ‘The Tiger Prophecy’ and The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer a secret to himself, and waited to see the result. That way, Doomba would never have known that such a threat to his security existed, and thus would have done nothing to prepare for it, until the day came that the tiger would surprise him. But then again, perhaps Lord Crow should not wish for that.
Perhaps he, Lord Crow, should not have even read the book in the first place, when it had ruined so many surprises for him and might have ruined his life as well. Perhaps, if he had not read the book and passed the message on to Doomba, he would not have gotten so wrapped up in the business of oracles and prophecies, obsessed with finding out more about the future and what it meant for him. That way, his family would have stayed together, single and whole, not dispersed, fragmented, or dead. And, of course, he would have known nothing and done nothing and gained nothing in the process.
Maybe he would not have become such a powerful Follower of Doomba as he was now, if he was not known as the Follower of Doomba who had discovered ‘The Tiger Prophecy’ and had passed it along to Doomba so many years ago. Such loyalty and dedication counted for something, even amongst Doomba and his Followers, right? Perhaps he might have remained a reject then, a lowly minion unworthy of notice from Doomba himself, if he had not so boldy stepped forward with ‘The Tiger Prophecy’ in his possession, as he did; then he had been able to negotiate his way into the high echelon of the Followers of Doomba, who took notice of him now and his association with Doomba. If he had not been so bold to read the book and pass it on, then he would not be in the position that he was in now, to take control of Doomba’s throne if Doomba was deposed.
Of course, that did depend on whether or not ‘The Tiger Prophecy’ proved true, if the tiger would depose Doomba. Lord Crow wanted Doomba’s power more than anything else in the world, and yet…the words of Wintha the Wanderer would have to prove true, then. Doomba would have to be deposed, Lord Crow would gain Doomba’s power, and then Lord Crow would truly be in danger, for Wintha the Wanderer’s words, the power, immortality, meaning and exigency of them, would prove true, and then the next prophecy after The Tiger Prophecy might very well prove to be about him. There was no escape for him then. He would prove to be the next Doomba if the current course of the prophecy held.
Coming Soon:
Power Over Death
The Legends of Arria, Volume 3

“It goes without saying,” Oaka snapped back at her, staring, “that we cannot always accept things at face value. We have to keep looking, digging deeper and further into the other person or thing, trying to understand who they are, what they want, and what will stop the screaming?” Oaka asked, turning around.
The others looked up as they heard several different people screaming, not far off from them on the other side of the door into the training room, and then they heard running footsteps, scattering in different directions, with one tread heading straight towards them. The group braced themselves--Basha, Monika, and Oaka reaching for their Swords as Gnat ducked down behind them--just as the door was ripped off of its hinges and thrown aside by an invisible hand, back towards one of the corridor walls. Gnat shrieked in fright as she covered up her head even more, but the others remained stalwart in appearance, though they trembled inside.
