
Ethereal
Underground

By
Brooke Kennedy & Briana Gaitan 

Ethereal Underground
Ethereal Underground Series
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
www.etherealunderground.com
www.facebook.com/theetherealunderground
Copyright © 2013 by Brooke Kennedy and Briana Gaitan
First Edition, 2013
This is a work of fiction.
All characters appearing in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living or dead are purely coincidental.

The Mortal Rules

Rule One: Do not take anything they     say literally.
Rule Two: Always assume the mortal has another motive. They usually do.
Rule Three: If they try to kiss you, always kiss them back.
Finlay

The Ethereal Underground

Prologue

On a lush, green world in the farthest corner of the galaxy, the tiny planet of Cabalin stood far from the influences of any mortal being. Compared to the many larger planets which neighbored it, Cabalin stood out for a rare and exceptional quality.  Its native inhabitants never died, and a portion of this magic extended to anyone or anything that lived there. Cabalin served as the ancestral home of a mystical race known as the seraphs, who lived in harmony with the planet, and possessed magical abilities drawn from its natural elements.
As many different species arrived and began to explore the galaxy around Cabalin, the planet was soon taken over by a humanoid race. The different races tried to live together in peace, but it was soon clear that the mortal beings were too violent and destructive for the seraphs. A powerful war began in the galaxy as different species tried to stake claims on all the newly discovered planets. Many of the immigrants in the galaxy sought refuge on Cabalin; even so the battles still entered the planet’s atmosphere. Eventually, a force of strong warriors vowed to protect the planet from the hostilities and created an ecosphere under the planet’s surface for inhabitants to live. The ecosphere consisted of nine layers of cities constructed from metal, and burrowed deep into the center of the planet. The warriors called themselves “the keepers”, because they kept the raging war in the galaxy off of the planet. The inhabitants of the planet trusted in the keepers, allowing themselves to be relocated under the surface and permitting the new officials to remain above.  
The seraphs watched the destruction of their planet from the building of the ecosphere and the separation from the surface, but being a gentle and more peaceful race, they did not interfere. They did the best they could to help with healing the mortals after battles, sometimes sending their own males to help fight. Over time, the seraphs decided that they could no longer sit by and watch the annihilation of their home.  They retreated from the mortal’s world, creating a separate plane of existence and closing the veil between the two. Shortly after their departure, the planet mysteriously began to die. The grass and trees withered away, the wildlife slowly died off and became extinct.  For unknown reasons, many of the occupants started to mutate into vicious looking creatures who were then banished to the ninth layer, along with the remnants of the original inhabitants by the keepers. Ultimately, the seraphs stayed safely in their realm. 
After centuries passed, the existence of the seraphs faded away into legends, and the reality of their presence was written down as fiction. Even then, the wars that raged on outside of the planet continued on with no end in sight. The keepers had rid the planet of intruders as far as they knew, but continued to wage in galactic battles. Still, the citizens of Cabalin grew restless waiting for the day when the war would end and they could once again see the suns.  

Chapter One


Ash

As soon as Ash walked into the Ethereal Underground, he was surrounded by smoke. The swirling forms of purple, black and blue drifted through the bar, carrying the patterns and emotions of the life form that blew it out. The smoke looked unusually eager this evening.  
Ash smiled; it was a good night to be here. He had just won one of the biggest fights of the Underground, and tonight he was celebrating. He normally didn’t have time to stop in and hang out at the Underground, but tonight he was free of obligation and commitment. He was taking a short sabbatical from his job as a keeper, and he finally had the time to step back and focus more on the fun things in life.  He had spent his entire life within the keeper walls, being taught the importance of protecting the planet. The keepers patrolled the planet from the surface. The job was never ending and exhausting, and anytime he could Ash tried to kick back and blend in with the population.  
The planet they lived on consisted of layers upon layers of cities. The keepers and other important Officials lived on the top layer, and the further down into the planet you traveled, the more dangerous and seedy the inhabitants became. In fact, he had to travel down eight layers just to get to his favorite bar, the Ethereal Underground. The people who surrounded him here kept their distance and never asked questions. Most of them disliked the keepers and he didn’t blame them. The inhabitants were kept living underground with limited access to supplies and electricity. Here he wasn’t a keeper; he was just a local nobody, and he preferred to keep it that way. He pushed through the hordes of bodies to make his way up towards the front of the bar. People danced up on each other as the sound of an ancient music box filled his ears. He recognized the tune immediately; that clunky wooden box only had a few songs inside, and since they didn’t make jukeboxes anymore he knew every word of every song on the playlist.  Ash passed by a few small tables filled with Cabalins who were probably plotting something devious. They huddled closer as he walked by; afraid he might overhear their plot. He noticed a few drunken patrons were stumbling toward the exit, falling over every couple of steps. Everyone was smiling, laughing, and drinking to their heart’s content. The place was jam packed tonight, and everyone stood shoulder to shoulder. Well, at least those who had shoulders; some of those who frequented did not have humanoid forms. 
Ash nodded at a few familiar faces that stood out among the dark crowds. One of them was the young and beautiful Arie Raines. With her long curly red hair and tall athletic figure, her beauty stood out among the other patrons. Ash noticed a few locals staring at her, yet because of her father, they stayed clear. She was in the corner of the bar, perched at the top of a metal staircase railing drinking from a mug, all while twirling a small dagger in her right hand.  No other girl could make that look so casual.  Arie was a local bounty hunter whom the keepers hired often. She was also the only person in the bar who knew who he really was, but luckily she knew how to keep a secret.  Arie tossed her fiery red hair back behind her shoulders and nodded at the bar where her father sat. They were probably here on business looking for a bounty.  If you needed to find someone, the Ethereal Underground was the place to do it. Ash winked back at her to let her know that he understood to keep clear. He smirked as her face turned red enough to match her curly locks. He had known her since she was old enough to join in on her father’s hunts, and she had never made her feelings for Ash a secret. Being a keeper also meant not being allowed the time for a real relationship, so Ash was careful not to give her any ideas. That didn’t stop him from flirting with her every chance he got. He just couldn’t help himself. Ash continued to push through the crowd, careful not to step on anyone and start a fight. He felt a few random people slap him on the back congratulating him on his win. Each word of praise was received with a cocky grin before pushing past.
“Great fight,” said a girl with long brown hair. She pushed up against him as she danced in rhythm with the music. She ran her hands through Ash’s short brown hair, down his shoulders and stopped on his large biceps. She giggled as Ash impulsively flexed his muscles through his tight black shirt. “I’m Tanner. Buy me a drink?” Ash looked her up and down slowly.  She was definitely a mixed species, but she could pass for a humanoid. He could definitely enjoy her, but wasn’t in the mood for groupies tonight.
 “Maybe some other time, find me later?” He stepped beside her and continued to push through the crowd.  The low lighting mixed with all the smoke made it hard to see up close, but somehow he managed enough to make it to the bar where the owner Maize was handing out drinks. Maize’s face lit up when she saw Ash.
“Ash, darling, it’s been too long. Come have a drink on the house.”  She swung around to grab an empty glass from behind the bar and started to fill it up. Maize looked tough for being as small as she was. She stood only about three feet tall, but a small pair of translucent wings kept her towering above everyone else.  She flashed him a wicked smile. Ash watched as her mocha colored skin lightened to match her wings. Even though he had seen her change colors a million times, it still freaked him out. All of the keepers he had grown up around were of a humanoid race. The species that frequented the Ethereal Underground were various and shockingly diverse. 
Ash noticed Maize scowl at a local customer who sat on a nearby barstool with a drink in hand. As the six foot dribbler looked up and saw her face raging with anger, he quickly jumped up out of the seat and hurried to the other side of the bar far away from Maize. Dribblers were an unusual and ruthless species. They had abnormally large bald heads and tinted green skin. They had four eyes along the front of their head. All four were small and beady. Ash laughed as the big guy scurried away. Her influence in the bar could not be dismissed; she was known for having quite the temper.  He took a seat upon the now open stool and graciously took the drink from Maize’s hand. He felt his body relax as the cold brown liquid ran down his throat. He had been craving this drink all day. Maize brewed the best ale on the planet. She handed him an already packed hookah and pretended to tidy up the bar a bit. 
“Now Ash, please don’t make me beg for details, everyone in here is in a good mood tonight. Seems your little fight won a bunch of people a lot of money,” she said and playfully poked a bony finger into his shoulder.
Ash held in a long drag and exhaled the purple smoke, which meant that his emotions were proud. Each color of smoke from a hookah gave away the emotion that the person was feeling at that moment. He watched the smoke drift away from him and mix in with a nearby patron’s red smoke. They swirled together for a moment before disappearing altogether. The magical fruit that Cabalins smoked passed their emotions into the smoke, leaving the smoker with clarity. It had become a huge craze among the citizens.
“Everyone knows better than to bet against me,” he boasted arrogantly.  
Maize pounded loudly on the metal bar counter with her fist, causing many of the patrons to stop and stare.
“In celebration of Ash’s winning fight, drinks on the house for everyone!” she shouted.
 A round of hurrahs and excitement poured from the crowd as everyone rushed up to the bar to get their free drink. Annoyed, Ash glared at a tall gammon woman who knocked into his elbow and caused him to spill his ale all over the bar. The gammons were solid blue humanoids with an extra set of arms that grew out of their waist. She pretended to ignore him and stuck a few arms out to grab a drink from Maize. Ash kept his anger in check and used a towel on the bar to wipe up the spilled drink. Nothing, not even this gammon, would ruin his good mood tonight. 
Ash kept a careful watch from the corner of his eye on Arie and her father. To his left, Arie appeared to still be scouting the place out. A small man with dark brown hair and a full-sized beard sat about three stools down. He had his head down, and sat quietly with a drink in his hands. Arie’s father, Sasha Raines, was known as the bar drunk these days, but Ash knew better than to underestimate him. In the last few years, the man had singlehandedly taken down more faces on the Official’s most wanted list than all the other hunters combined. Of course, his profession wasn’t a very well-known one. Most people thought he was just a simple deadbeat pilot. He had taught his daughter well so that she could take over the family business, but she had yet to surpass her father’s deadly talents.
“You normally don’t frequent these parts during the week,” Maize noticed and raised a slim raven eyebrow.
Ash shrugged. He wasn’t one to normally comment on his private life, but with Maize it was different. Maize was like the mother he never had. The keepers weren’t big on motherly affection. He had lived with them since he was two years old, and even then he was treated like a grown soldier. 
 “I thought I’d switch up my life a bit. I’ve kind of been in a rut lately,” he told her. He didn’t want to tell her that recently he had rebelled against everything he had been taught his entire life. Maize worried about him enough as it was. She was constantly trying to fix him up with all her waitresses, and every time he fought she could never bear to watch. She preferred to stay upstairs at the bar serving drinks. Surprisingly enough, she had been the one to get him to fight for the first time. She had been looking for a new star, and Ash had been looking for a new way to release his anger. It was destined.
 “Nothing ever happens twice at the Ethereal.” She laughed hysterically causing her skin to shoot back and forth between purple and white.  Maize wasn’t good with jokes, but he knew she would be expecting a huge roar of laughter from him. Ash chuckled and tried hard not to laugh too much. The poor gal tried to be human, but she would never understand their sense of humor. Then again he didn’t understand her quirky dancing. She danced like a dying unicorn with jagged limbs flailing about.  He quickly tried to change the subject from her failing joke.
“By the way, you wanted details?” he asked Maize as he downed the last of his drink. “Keep a weathered eye out tonight, something is about to go down.” 
 “What are you speaking of?” She leaned in and spoke softly so that no one else could hear. 
“There are bounty hunters here tonight. I think they may be looking for someone.” He stood abruptly and thanked her for the drink before throwing down a few gems for a tip. Maize looked around the bar. Her face became paler and more uncertain.  She gave him a tight smile and went back to making drinks for the other customers.
“See you around,” she called out. Ash knew that Maize would take him seriously. Whatever Arie and her father had planned, Ash didn’t want his old friend to get caught in the middle. He gave her a short nod and walked away. The crowd was beginning to die down as curfew approached, so it was easier to maneuver across the bar. The curfew was set by the keepers as a way to lower the crime rate. When curfew time came, all of the electricity was turned off. Ash took a startled step back as he came face to face with one of Maize’s new waitresses. 
“Hey, you looked so great out there tonight,” she told him, offering him a drink. Ash politely declined the drink and instead grabbed her by the waist. 
“I’ve never seen you before.” It was true. He knew all of the waitresses, and there was no way he would have forgotten this raven haired beauty. She blushed at the sight of Ash looking her over with his baby blue eyes.
“My name is Della, I’m new here.” 
“Well, Della. Find me later? Maybe we can spend some time getting to know each other better?”
 Ash took the opportune moment to slip past the speechless waitress.  He loved to mess with the girls here. He knew he could have his pick of just about any girl in the bar, but tonight he was only interested in his best friend. He was finally able to get to Arie’s side of the bar. He scooted close to her and leaned in so she could hear him over the loud crowd.
“Looking good Raines,” he whispered in her ear. He knew flirting with her was wrong, but he just couldn’t help himself. However, he would never jeopardize their friendship by hooking up with her. He lifted his hand up and smoothed down a lock of her curly hair. 
Arie bit her lip, before teasing him with her sultry brown eyes. “Careful Ash, Daddy is watching.” Ash cocked his head to the side and slowly turned around to look at the space where her father sat earlier. Sure enough, Sasha had turned around and was now eyeing the two of them. Ash turned back to face Arie and ignored her father. Sasha could stare all he wanted; Ash knew to keep his hands in plain sight. He didn’t want to get on Sasha’s bad side. Arie leaned back against the railing and stretched her arms over her head. 
“I am so bored,” she whined. She slipped the dagger she had been twirling earlier back inside her black boot. Ash’s eyes trailed up her leg. She wore a pair of tight black pants and a matching vest. He knew she had a gun hidden somewhere under it all. She never left home without it.
“Who are you looking for?” he asked.
Arie kept her eyes on the crowd while she spoke. Unlike Ash, she never let herself get distracted from the job. “A fallen named Loki.”  She was always so serious when it came to her contracts. He figured it was the one thing in her life she was proud of. Growing up in the eighth layer of the planet, she didn’t receive many breaks. Not like he did, or so she always reminded him. Ash had grown up on the surface, and considering how many lived and died without ever seeing the suns, he could see how that might make him privileged. Nevertheless, Ash still envied her. Arie was allowed to make mistakes; she was allowed to be human. Ash was allowed nothing but rules, duties, and training. It was the reason he had enjoyed sneaking down to the Underground so much. Here he felt like he could relax and have fun.
Ash climbed up beside her and scanned the crowd. The staircase behind them carried people who came up from downstairs where the card tables were, so minus the threat that someone could sneak up behind them, it was a great scoping place. From here; he could see almost the entire bar. Patches of smoke moved across the bar like clouds, covering a few patrons, but most of the crowd was in plain sight. Why was she looking for a fallen? The fallen were the evil counterparts of an ancient extinct species, the seraph. As far as he knew, the fallen never really existed. He had never met anyone who had actually seen one. It was mainly rumors and hearsay, although some of the older keepers did believe in the species and spoke of them often. For some reason, in spite of his doubts, tonight his interest was piqued; he wanted to catch this Loki.
“Who wants a fallen? Are you sure this isn’t a joke?” He tried to keep his voice even and nonchalant.
Arie laughed, “Don’t be sly. You know I can’t talk about that with you. Trust me though. They are real.” 
He shrugged, it was worth a try. She had to keep her client list confidential. 
“I can tell you that someone has a very big grudge against this one, and if daddy’s sources are right, he is supposed to be here tonight.”  He could feel her foot tap along the railing impatiently. A nervous tick that always made him cringe. He reached out and put a hand on her leg to steady her.
She was tense, more so than usual, she was scared of capturing a fallen. He didn’t blame her though, not too often do you come across an immortal species who could take you out with a blink of an eye.
“How do you plan to capture him if he is immortal?”
Arie patted her side to show the gun she carried in a holster.
“Apparently they aren’t really immortal. I have a weapon to stun him. He is wanted alive. By the way, where’s your partner in crime?” 
It took Ash a moment to realize that she was talking about Finlay. Finlay was Ash’s sidekick in the Underground. Finlay scheduled his fights, and they both had an unquenchable taste for ale and women.
“He’s around somewhere. He ran off after all the bets were paid out. I bet he has already found some random girl to dance with.”
Arie snorted loudly in response.
They sat in silence, and scanned the crowd. He had never seen a fallen before, or even a seraph for that matter. If he could catch a fallen, Ash was sure that his status among the keepers would be restored. They were so mad at him right now; maybe this could work out in his favor. He remembered some of the ancient stories; keepers who claimed a seraph had healed them or protected them, and seraphs that could control elements such as water or fire. He had even heard a few rumors that fallen had eyes as black as night. That was all he had to go on, so he sat there scanning the fading crowd for a face with black eyes.

Annalise

Standing up from her spot on the soft green grass, Annalise couldn’t help but smile widely at her own creation. In her 1,500 years, she had never tried her hand at gardening, always relying on those seraphs blessed with an affinity for verdure powers to make sure her crops were sowed correctly. This season, however, she had gotten it approved through the Elders to try her hand at growing her own crops. Sometimes when she wasn’t reaping she would help out in the market, but she wanted to do something for herself. Gardening was something the others were always boasting about, and she had always adored walking through the rows of crops and flowers, picking out what she wanted to adorn her home with and filling her basket to the brim. 
Today, the sky had been the bluest and the ground the softest so she decided to give it her best shot. In her world, it never rained, the sun never set. In fact, there was no set location of what was lighting up the sky. If one wanted to see the night sky, they had to leave this realm and travel to that of the mortals. She had never seen one in person. Leon, her counterpart, had told her about the dark blue sky with stars and moons scattered across it, and she longed to see it one day. Only guardian seraphs were allowed on the surface of the planet to watch over their charges there. It was rare that reapings took place there, due to it being the home of the planet’s government and their ability to keep the surface’s inhabitants safe. On the rare occasion that someone died there, a guardian would bring the deceased to a separate layer of the planet. The reaper would then go retrieve the soul. This protocol kept the female reaper seraphs safe. Annalise wished for the opportunity to go there. This unfortunately, she knew, would never happen. Seraphs were not allowed to spend time in the mortal world, unless duty called them there. Still, she had found herself sheltered compared to the others, and it had recently been pointed out, much to her confusion. She had never felt that way herself, but now it made her wonder.
Annalise pushed the negative thoughts out of her head and gave a small giggle. As she did so, she stretched out her hands in front of her and felt the rush of power go through her body and out the end of her palms. Small droplets of water appeared over the ground, falling in the precise spot where she directed it. Her laugh grew louder, one that was infectious to others when she was around, even though she was completely oblivious to her own charm. 
She was pleased with herself and wiped her now dirty hands on her pale yellow dress and her forehead with the back of her hand, smearing dirt across it. It was a gesture she had seen humans utilize after hard work, wiping the sweat off their brow, though it was just pantomime as seraphs don’t sweat. She had found herself watching them from inside of her home on the globe, eager to learn more about gardening without having to ask Finlay for help. He was a close friend of her and Leon, although he rode the fence of what was appropriate for a seraph and was often very boastful. She couldn’t wait to share her success with him when her plants sprouted.  
Annalise heard the familiar foot steps behind her and knew that Leon had returned home before he cleared his voice, a small amount of amusement held in his words. “The garden is looking good, Anna.”
Turning around, she gave him a big smile and ran toward him, stopping just a foot away and looking up into his green eyes. He was taller than her by several inches, broadly built and handsome. His light brown hair stood up slightly in the front, down all over the rest of his head, a consistent five o’clock shadow across his face. His sword was across his back resting in its hilt, his magnificent wings rested behind him, slightly gray and brown in color. His clothing was similar to all the other male seraphs, simple. His pants were a dark crimson red and his shirt was brown. It was slit up the back for his wings to go through when he needed them. In fact, there was rarely a time when his wings were not displayed openly and proudly. He had no reason to hide them, because he only went to the mortal world on missions and duties. Leon had been her counterpart for almost two thousand years, the one that shared her home and her life, her best friend. He understood her in a way that no one else did, made sure she was safe while he was around. He was partially the reason she hadn’t seen as much of the world as she wanted. Since she had been created, Leon had led her along the righteous and straight path. He taught her how to stay loyal to the seraphs; how to follow the rules and not be cast out of their realm.  This wasn’t out of the ordinary. All seraphs were paired up, reaper to guardian, pairs to live together and help keep the balance in the universe. As a way to keep the females safe since they didn’t have fighting skills, they were paired with the male seraphs and lived together in small homes across the realm. There was no emotional bond, just loyalty and a sense of protectiveness to each other. Bound by duty, each seraph had an affinity for a force: fire, air, water, verdure and more, as well as a set position, guardian or reaper. Leon was a guardian seraph, set to watch over his mortal charges and makes sure they were safe and following the path set before them. Other times, he would help fight alongside the other guardians when he was needed as a warrior. Thankfully it had been centuries since he was called for a large scale battle. Annalise herself was a reaper, a seraph sent to capture the soul of an individual as they die, sending it to the afterlife where it belongs before other forces could steal it for their own dealings. They were to do their duties, never stray from them.
Before she could say anything to Leon, he raised his hand up to her and brushed the unkempt blonde hair out of her face, “I think you have more dirt on yourself than the plants do.”
“It is called pouring yourself into the soul of the garden,” she said, as way of explanation that she could tell he didn’t completely understand. She didn’t care that she was covered head to toe in dirt; she loved nature. Still, he would give her that look, a small roll of his eyes, and a broad smile as he shook his head and looked down at her in adoration. He didn’t always understand her, but he accepted her, and that was enough to keep her happy in her own little world. She turned around to head to the house, thousands of questions on the edge of her tongue about his journeys, but not sure where to start. Annalise knew that they were one of the most revered pairs in all of the land, on the straight and narrow path, lifted up for their loyalty to the cause. Many of the pairs were envious of their relationship, many of them losing a counterpart to evil ways and the fallen throughout the years. 
As they approached their home, she paused and turned back to him and fiddled with the hem of her dress. Her form was small, thin, tanned with the light from the sky, stark white wings settled softly at her back, small enough for outside forces to harm her. Her blonde hair fell in waves down her back, tangled most of the time, except for when Leon would insist she sit down and let him brush it.  Water was her affinity, not something to utilize in battle and barely enough to keep herself safe. To others she appeared fragile, making her the perfect target for an attack. Although Leon was strong, appearing tough and slightly ragged, the thought made her worry about him while he was gone.  She kept her eyes low to the ground, trying not to show him her worry. Fallen were being seen more often lately, too close to home. More and more seraphs were disappearing every day. She knew that the missing seraphs were the result of the fallen hunting them down, and she did not want to see Leon be ambushed by those evil creatures. Worried, she forced the words out, “How was your journey?”
“Eventful, to say the least,” he started as he walked ahead in front of her and through the opening of the round stone residence, “My charge was drunk and heading towards a horde of fallen.” 
He continued to speak, deep voice resonating through the home. Frowning to herself, she all but tuned him out, not wanting to know if or how he had fought a fallen. They were despicable creatures, once seraphs who now thrived on destroying her kind, devouring them to absorb their power. Annalise shivered at the thought of her partner battling such forces. She had never seen one, but she heard the stories: evil, deformed creatures who lurked in the dark of the night and sought out seraphs to sink their teeth into, or tempt them to change their ways and fall as well. 
Letting her eyes trail up to the clear glass roof of the home, she was thankful to see the sky, thankful it was still its purest blue, and it made her feel like things would be okay, even if the fallen decided to attack. Leon was here and they were safe, Finlay’s home not too far away. Their home was built of a speckled cream stone, shaped into a large igloo with an additional circular room in the back where they could rest. The floor was soft and plush, a technology only known to the seraphs. No furniture was in the main room, only pure wood shelves that jutted out from the stone for them to use as they needed. All cooking was done outside in the fire pit and the tools for that were found there. They were a simple race, relying on nature to every extent they could, all of their clothing and bedding made in their town center. All was purchased at the market and could be requested to be made there as well. They would trade goods and services there, and each seraph helped out with what they could. 
The sound of buzzing caught her attention and made Leon’s story come to a halt. She walked over to the center of the room and stepped over several pillows scattered around the large round globe in the center of the room.  It was made of magical glass and stood several feet off the ground on its wooden stand. The wood curved around the bottom of the sphere and either seraph could look into it and see what they wished, including any mortal that she felt like watching that day. She could call her reapings by name if she knew them, and Leon could call his charges. Once they knew a mortal’s name and it was attached to them for duty purposes, they could call upon them again. Sometimes though, Annalise would find a random human to watch when Leon was not around. They fascinated her, the way they would let their emotions run them, working as she did but not letting that dictate who they were and what they did. She did not understand that. Seraphs were made with emotions, even though they were not felt as deeply as mortals could feel. With their emotions not being as strong, relying on them could cause a seraph to become a fallen. They were never taught to use those emotions, however. They were discouraged from using them and shunned by the Elders whenever one was caught expanding their feelings past what was accepted. Humans were taught to use their emotions and rely on them. Most of the time, Annalise could only identify those emotions that were normal to her kind, and she would struggle to understand some of the feelings the mortals displayed. The globe also would show her and Leon what their new assignments were, any new charges for Leon and any reaping opportunities assigned to her. She found herself excitedly chewing on her lip as she peered into the globe, watching as the pink and blue clouds parted to reveal a fight between a human and a creature that she couldn’t place. The larger being held a sword in one hand, the human was cornered against the wall. Turning her back to the scene, she looked over at Leon and forced a smile to her face. She could never stand to see the killing blow. Life was a prize, it was a privilege, sacred, and she hated to see it scuffed out. But it was always so exciting to get to travel to the human world. Each reaping was like an adventure to her, even though she would never allow herself to stay and wonder around. Leon had made sure that she was aware of the dangers of a fallen, and also the dangers of being made one if she did not promptly return home.
Annalise turned to give the brunette a small wave. Leon’s face fell slightly as he walked over to her, hand cupping her face and making her look at him, “Please be careful.”
“Am I not always careful?” she asked, pointing out the obvious to him.
He nodded, letting her go and taking a step back to give her space. 
She took a deep breath, closing her eyes, and tapping the large golden bangle around her wrist. Annalise pictured the place that the globe had shown her, excitement filling her up as she teleported there. It wasn’t anything new to her, teleportation was the easiest way to get anywhere, and she would rather do her job quickly. When she opened her eyes, she saw the larger unknown species walking away, the mortal laying in a pool of blood in the room. She was thankful for her strong stomach, it came with the job she supposed; otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to handle reaping. The excitement of being in the mortal world again crept up into her as she walked over to the being. Looking around, she took in the gray metal walls all around, and the fluorescent lit sky above. She knew she was deep inside of the planet, but wasn’t sure what layer it was. As she neared the mortal, she noted his slowed but labored breathing. He was trying to fight it. Even though she was invisible to him, her charges could always sense her presence, she could see it in his eyes. They were green, like Leon’s eyes, and he struggled to look through the slits and see what had come for him. She lowered herself to a kneeling position beside him, wings widening to create a shelter over them. For a minute, she wondered what his life had been like, who he had been. Was he good? Bad? She would never know. She badly wished that she could speak with him, heal him and ask him of the stories of his life. However, Leon’s words resounded in her ears as her thoughts continued to wonder. Reap the soul and return. You must get back to the Grand Hall before the soul is stolen by evil forces. She knew that she could never do the opposite of what she had been taught. Her counterpart was one of the highest ranking guardians, and she couldn’t disappoint him. To do so would risk losing her position among the seraphs, one she had worked so hard to have, and risk becoming a fallen.
She reached out to him, took his face in her hands, and closed her eyes. After saying a small blessing for him, she let her power flow through her and wash over him. She relished the power, unleashing it and letting it work its magic to pull his soul from the center of his body and lay it, round and glittering, in her palms as she leaned back and brought her hands together. It felt so incredibly good to be able to let herself go, let the power flow from her body and do as it was meant to. It was as if she was free, an open spirit and light in the darkness. This was the only time she could ever truly be herself and be free, other than around Leon. From the outside, if she were to allow herself to be seen, there would be a great light, golden and bright, shining around the two of them, until his soul rested in her hands.
She opened her eyes, and tapped her bangle to teleport herself again, and found herself in the Grand Hall. Other seraphs took the reaping job as an opportunity to walk among the mortals, glittering ball trapped in their bag until they made their way back to the netherworld. Annalise, however, always went straight back to the Grand Hall, making sure she got the soul back as soon as possible, because she did not want to risk losing it for a few good minutes in the mortal world. Even though she yearned to mingle with the mortals, she knew what the punishment held. She never broke a rule, always doing as she was supposed to. 
As she stood up, she noted the cold gray metal walls all around her. It was the darkest place in her world, the coldest. Even though the lighting was bright, the tall dark walls always made Annalise feel small and unimportant. Still, she continued down the hallway until she reached the door where the souls were sent to their afterlife. Annalise fell quiet as she walked, knowing it was prohibited to speak in such a sacred place.  She nodded at the guard standing there. Tall and dark with dark gray wings, Slade was very menacing in appearance. 
Slade nodded to her in greeting and pressed the button to slide the door open without saying a word. She gave him her best smile in return and walked inside, her heart still racing inside of these prison walls even after all of these years. She preferred the openness of the outside world; this place was one built of mortal means, sealed of alien technology. There was no outside entrance into here. Only those with teleportation keys set here could enter. She continued to look forward, her peripheral vision the only cue that there were others there, sending souls on. Other female seraphs bringing back the souls they had collected.  Each of them smiled at her as they passed excited to reap yet another soul and complete what was asked of them. Annalise smiled in return, the other seraphs were the only thing that made this place feel like home. They were her people, her family in a sense. There was a loyalty among them that no other species knew, or so she had been told. 
She knew this room well, making several visits here per day. It was perfectly square, bright florescent lights beaming down on her in an unnatural way, the walls lined with holes that somehow took the soul to the afterlife. She reached a circular hole across the room and gave one last look at the soul. It was continuing to glitter, the light bouncing off the wall in front of her and giving the only natural feel to the dark space, colors swarming in a circular motion. It made her smile to know that she had saved this soul and could send it on to its resting place. The mortal would never again suffer. She held the ball out in front of her, offering it to the hole and continuing to watch it in awe. Carefully, she placed the soul into the hole and it was sucked away, off to the afterlife. Annalise took a step back, allowing herself to wonder where it really went, what really happened to them after she deposited them here. She turned around and walked back outside, giving a nod to Slade and wishing she could tell him goodbye. The two of them were acquaintances and he spent some of his free time with Leon. But this was a place of complete silence, and so she remained quiet, waiting until she was further down the hall before teleporting herself back home.


Chapter Two



Ash

The sound of Arie’s communicator stirred Ash from his trance. He had been so busy studying all of the drunks who walked to and from the Underground entrance that he had spaced out from the real world. Arie nudged him softly in his shoulder before leaning into his ear close enough so she could whisper in it. He closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of flower perfume that drifted off of her skin.
“Dad says that Loki is at the back entrance. I’ll see you later.” She jumped off the railing and started to make her way toward the back door only a few yards away.
Ash, not even taking a second to think, jumped off and followed her.
“Arie, wait for me,” he called out. He caught up with her quickly. Curfew was almost upon them and citizens were already making their way home.
She swung around, hitting him with her thick mess of red hair in the process.
“Ash, this is my job. I really don’t need to worry about saving your bender too.” Arie held up a hand to stop him from walking any further. Her small hand pushed against his chest, she was strong and her height nearly matched his, but she was no match for Ash.
“Arie, my bender is fine.” He gave his back end a soft tap and smirked, “So you can stop dreaming about it.”
Arie’s eyes flashed with embarrassment. She gave a small huff and shook her head before running towards the door. She was used to his jokes, and he couldn’t figure out if they really annoyed her or if she secretly enjoyed it. Ash continued to follow her. 
He kept only a few paces behind her as she swung open the large, iron door ready to attack who ever or whatever was out there. The back alley was dark and quiet. There was only a bit of light that shone out from some apartment doors a few stories above.  No one frequented the back alleys in this layer. They were notorious for muggings, shady dealings and the planet’s most wanted. Smoke drifted out from the bar as the door slammed shut.
A dark, hooded figure stood quietly in the shadows only a few feet away. Ash put his hand in his pocket, ready to grab his dagger in case it was Loki.  Arie once again put her hand up against his chest to stop him from moving. Ash didn’t like it when she tried to protect him, when his entire life he had been taught to defend. He took a step back and complied. He let her win, this time.
“Daddy?” Arie asked as she walked toward the figure. He raised his hands and slowly brought down the hood. Ash squinted but could barely make out his face, yet from Arie’s reaction, it was in fact Sasha Raines.  
“Where’s Loki?” she asked, as she quickly checked her father for any injury.
Ash let them have a private moment as he looked around. There was no fire escape or other doors to the alley, so Loki could have only made it to the main street. Everything surrounding them was metal, smog drifted through the air and only shouting could be heard from a distance. Metal was a common building material in most of the layers. It was strong, cheap, and readily available. The lights above were dim so everything was dark.
“Loki knew he was being watched,” Sasha slurred, “Walked right in and right out of the back door. I couldn’t follow….too many drinks at the bar.”  The poor man was wasted, but at least he was in the right mind not to run after immortal beings.
Arie sighed loudly. She was frustrated and angry at her father for letting their target get away. This was an excuse that had frequented the past couple of years. 
“Dad, go home. Ash, you want to help? Follow me.” Arie didn’t waste a single moment. She ran out toward the main street. At this hour of the night, the street was likely to be empty, the power almost nonexistent. At 2 o’clock the keepers would shut off all the power to the eighth layer. Ash, once again, followed right in Arie’s footsteps. This time he took a few extra leaps to pull in front of her. She grunted in exhaustion as she pushed her long legs to keep up with him, but it was no use. He was already far ahead. If anyone was going to see this fallen creature, Ash wanted to be the first. He could feel his pulse pounding with excitement.  Violence was his nature. From the time he was taken to train with the keepers, he had been bred to fight and win. This time would be no different. True, he had never fought an immortal being, but they couldn’t be any harder to take down than many of the other races he had come up against.  He had once fought a race of intruders who could only be killed by water. It burned their skin and melted their bodies. The fact that Cabalin was now void of any natural occurring bodies of water made the planet a perfect new home for the aliens. They had been quick and hard to beat, but the keepers had successfully kept the planet safe.
As he made it to the main street, he looked both ways. To the left, the street was empty. Only large metal buildings used for various stores and bars. He heard the crackle of electricity running through the wires up ahead. High above, the metal reinforcements of the ceiling stretched out for miles. Dim florescent lights flickered on and off.  To his right, he zoned in on a figure in the distance. It was walking not too slow, yet not too fast.
“Gotcha,” he said to himself. “How much time till the lights go out?” He turned to Arie and gave her one of his ‘we are about to get into trouble together’ looks.
He heard her fiddle with a few buttons on her wrist communicator. It didn’t matter what she said, he had already made up his mind; he would chase Loki. Darkness or no darkness he wanted to be the one to bring down a fallen. If he could bring in an immortal, a race only rumored to exist, there would be no way the keepers could still be mad at him. If that was, in fact, what he still wanted.
“About ten more minutes, Ash, and it’s not going to be a good idea to do this right now he…”
 Ash didn’t hear the end of her lecture because he had already started to run after Loki. As a keeper, he had three times the reflexes and strength of an average human. He put all his energy into catching up with Loki. Nothing mattered, not the fact that Arie was now far behind him or the fact that Loki had started to increase his speed. He was now only a few dozen yards behind him. The streets were barely lit, so he couldn’t see much about what Loki looked like. It was so dark he doubted he could even tell if his eyes were really black or not. Somewhere inside he knew that this was a reckless move, but he didn’t care. He just wanted to catch him. Loki ducked quickly into a random side alley. As Ash caught up, he pulled his dagger out, ready to attack. 
He paused at the spot where he saw Loki disappear and turned to his left to look down the alley’s dark decent. He looked back at Arie who was three streets behind him. He gave her a quick salute and started to walk down the alley. His stance was ready to fight; his dagger was poised out in front of him. He could just imagine what Arie was doing, cursing him for taking away her capture. He felt his heartbeat increase in anticipation of the unknown. The alley way led to a tall metal fence. Only the most elite and private citizens in the eighth layer could afford a fence this high-tech and expensive. It had to be a smuggler living here, Ash thought. A door freely swung open and shut near the bottom. Ash ran his hands down the cold metal squares and smiled as an idea ran through his mind. There was no way he could take down Loki while trying not to worry about Arie at the same time. Ash was a good fighter; Arie not so much. She excelled in sneak attacks and dexterity. Hand to hand combat was not her strongest points, but they sparred together frequently so she could work on it. He stepped through the small doorway in the fence and closed it behind him. Ash used his hands to smash the tiny keypad beside the door, locking it indefinitely. He watched Arie turn the corner to the alley in the distance; so he quickly turned away from her before she got close enough to realize what he had done. The fence wouldn’t stop Arie for long; it would only take her a few minutes to figure out how to fix the lock. He turned a sharp corner and came upon a tall metal building. It was a dead end. A dark laugh bounced off the walls around him. Ash spun around in circles, unsure of what direction the voice came from.
“Show yourself coward,” he yelled. A figure blurred past him so quickly he almost missed it. Ash focused his eyes in on the shadow that ran along the wall. Loki jumped out in front of him with a jagged sword held high. He was nothing like Ash imagined. He looked almost human and stood over six feet tall with choppy brown hair that fell in his eyes. A pair of gray wings were tucked close to his body; they were almost hidden from sight. Loki was fast and his blade was twice the size of Ash’s, but that didn’t stop Ash from blocking the attack and kicking Loki square in the chest. Loki didn’t fall back though, only jumped straight in the air over Ash’s head. Loki’s eyes were filled with pure animosity.
“Is that all you got? I thought you were supposed to be this immortal fallen creature,” Ash taunted. He turned to face his opponent. 
“I’ve only just begun,” Loki replied.  Loki swung faster this time barely missing Ash’s arm. Ash noticed that Loki wasn’t trying to kill him; Loki was trying to strike him down with minor blows. After a few minutes, the two fighters seemed to be getting nowhere. Ash could feel his body start to tire out, and his frustration seemed to rise. It was almost pitch black around him, and Loki moved too fast to catch.  He heard what he made out to be a hissing sound before he felt a sharp pain radiate through his shoulder blades.  Ash fell to his knees. The pain was so strong it practically numbed him.  His attacker had shoved a sword through his back. He tried not to look at the foot of blade sticking out of the front of his chest. He used his keeper training to clear his mind of the pain and pretend that it didn’t exist.
“Only cowards attack from behind,” he gasped. He struggled to stand back up, and vowed not to fall down again. He was foolish for running after the fallen. He never thought before he acted.  He knew it; the keepers knew it, which was why they had made him take a sabbatical.  His small dagger would not protect him now. As he struggled and gasped for air that just would not come, he saw Loki step out from the shadows. Ash took a moment to memorize his attacker’s face. Hatred boiled inside. Loki smirked before speaking.
“I have watched you fighting at Ethereal Underground and I figured you would give me more of a challenge. Now I have something special planned for you, an experiment of sorts.”
 It was then that Ash realized that Loki’s eyes were pitch-black. Today would not be the day he died. He wouldn’t be someone’s experiment. Ash let his anger consume him as he charged toward the immortal being. He raised his dagger high and made a few quick slashes at the being. Each time he thought his blade had made impact, Loki had moved. He was faster than anyone Ash had ever seen, regardless of race. Blurring left then right, after about ten failed attempts, Ash felt his dagger fall from his fingers; all of his strength left his body. His dark figure blurred in front of Ash’s eyes.
“No!” he cried out between waves of pain. He would not die like this. He was only twenty-eight, and he had so much more to do. He felt the anger build deep inside him before he felt it snap. Ash kicked his leg out in front of him and sent Loki flying back into the steel buildings. Yet the fallen didn’t seem dazed or hurt. In fact, he started to laugh.
“Your girlfriend can give your dead body as a message to whoever hired her. I’m only going to leave a trail of dead bodies behind me.” Loki started to laugh while he circled Ash and pulled his sword from its nested spot in Ash’s back.
“Argh!” Ash tried to hold back his cries; he was a warrior to the end. “Don’t think this is over.” 
 He closed his eyes as he fell forward onto the hard metal ground and waited for the darkness to come. Whatever afterlife he was fated to, he was ready. He had never really thought about it before. 
But the sword never met his body again. The anticipation of the pain grew worse. Ash focused on the cold metal that lay under his face and waited. He faintly heard the sound of a laser gun, shuffling, and a voice in his ear. It was a familiar and sweet voice that caused a bit of hope to surge up from deep inside.
“Arie?” he tried to keep his eyes open, but the darkness looked too inviting and he was already so tired.
Arie squatted down beside him and gently turned Ash over onto his back.
“Oh, Ash.” He could hear her holding back her sobs. “It’s not that bad, we can get you to the keeper conservatory, they can have a healer fix you…”
Ash slowly shook his head; he knew they would never make it in time. It could take hours to get to the surface. He heard the sound of the siren in the background that let the pedestrians know that the power was about to go off.
“You need to go Arie, before the lights go out.” He knew it wasn’t safe to be a girl alone after dark. Arie was tough, but even she knew what kind of creatures lurked around these parts. Creatures, mutants, and thieves came out after dark.
Arie groaned “Come on Ash, let’s get you up and back to the Underground.” She started to lift him up, but he only got a few inches off the ground before the pain became too much. 
“I can’t walk- and you can’t carry me that far in enough time.” Ash tried to use his remaining strength to pull her off of him, to get her to let go. He didn’t want her hurt because of his reckless behavior. There had been far too much of that in his life already. Arie backed off and stood quietly for a moment. She was deep in thought.
“I’m going to run back to the bar, don’t go anywhere. I will bring back help.” He heard her fiddle with her communicator, but if his timing was right she only had a few minutes to make it to the bar and back.  Ash relaxed against the ground and tried not to let the darkness engulf him. The last thing he heard was Arie’s footsteps pounding on the ground as she ran away.
“This isn’t over,” he mumbled. Today was not his time to die.


Annalise

Picking up a Lilligan fruit from the vendor, she placed it in her basket, thanking the seraph on the other side of the wooden table and continuing down the cobblestone path. Leon stood by her side, one of his hands coming up to guide her through the crowded street. Normally, vendor alley wasn’t so full of patrons, but the new harvest had come in and everyone was excited to partake in it. 
“Are you ready to roast over the fire this afternoon?” he asked, leaning over to whisper to her and letting the excitement show in his face.
“Of course!” she said returning the smile, “I cannot wait to have some of Finlay’s new vegetables. He swears he has created something new, and he always knows how to cook them so very well.”
Even though their seraph friend spent most of his time doing as he pleased, he often spent time with the two of them, roasting food on their bonfire and telling stories of great battles. He always pulled Annalise in, acting out the scenes as he told them and letting her be the hero, he the fallen. The three of them often had such fun times, that it made her forget they were duty bound creatures.  Seraphs were very loyal to one another, each of them gathering in small tight knit groups but only getting together when all duties were performed. This was a rarity, but Annalise’s small group of friends made it a point to spend as much time together as they could. The Elders didn’t seem to care, besides, all of them, even Finlay, made sure to get the job done. It was important to all of them.  
“Do not let Finlay trick you into thinking he comes up with all of that stuff on his own. He tends to use mortal components when showing off his new dishes,” Leon clarified, amusement on his face that she had believed their friend.
She pulled her eyebrows together, and lowered her eyes to the ground, disappointed that she had been so naïve. It was no wonder that the other seraphs found her weak and unable to take care of herself. If she continued to listen to everything that she was told without questioning it, she would never be able to show them that she is smarter than they think.
Annalise paused as she heard the familiar buzz resounding from the golden bangle on her wrist. She looked down at it and pressed it lightly to make the sound stop, and saw a young man’s reflection looking back at her. He was wandering through the streets with a redheaded friend, a creature stalking him from nearby. Annalise moved her wrist up to peer closer into the bangle and noticed the black eyes underneath the hood of the cloaked figure.  Leon had taught her that this was a definite sign of a fallen. It terrified her to think that she would have to go to a place where one had been, however it surprised her to see one so open in the streets.  As usual, she stopped watching the scene so as not to see the actual death itself, turning her attention to Leon placing new fruits in her basket. Wanting badly to return to the mortal world, she tried to keep her wrist out of Leon’s view. For a moment, she considered telling him what she had seen. Then it occurred to her that he would not let he reap a soul so near the place a fallen had been. He watched her as she turned back to the scene displayed on her bangle. His eyes did not leave her. He seemed to be studying her for some reason. He had always been protective; always one to watch out for her, but this was different. However, she could not figure out what it was. She tried not to think about it so she could concentrate on her duty. Annalise handed the basket to Leon.
“I am sorry, I must go. I will be back, if you would not mind to finish up?” she asked. This was the way of the seraphs, having to leave at a moment’s notice to get to fulfill their obligation and then return. Not one seraph took offense if the other had to leave. Conversations could always be picked back up if needed. 
“Of course,” he said simply and took the basket from her.
She felt a shiver go down her spine at the thought of reaping a soul where there had just been a fallen.  Annalise turned her gaze back to her wrist and waited for the fallen to walk away before pressing her bangle and teleporting to the scene. She arrived just as the mortal was taking his last few breaths and the excitement of the reaping hit her. Walking quickly over to him, she knelt beside him as she always did when it was time to take a soul, and let her wings envelop the two of them. But as she moved her hands over him to begin the ritual, he moaned slightly, fighting to continue to live. Annalise had seen this before, it wasn’t anything new for a soul to fight death. Still, there was something about this one that made her pause, move her eyes down to his face and take him in. He appeared to be just under thirty of mortal years, still young looking, yet having seen many a battle judging by the way his muscles settled along his body. She shook her head to try to clear it and tried to focus on her job at hand. She had to take his soul with her. No time for curiosity or wondering what his life had been like. She had to get back to finish her shopping with Leon. But as she reached out to his face, she had to pause again and look at him. She just couldn’t help herself.  Moving over to him, she straddled his stomach and lowered her blue eyes down closer to his face to get a better look. He was quite handsome, even though his clothing was drenched in blood. His brown hair was long across his forehead and slightly falling into his eyes. His face was not as angled or sharp like that of Finlay or Leon, yet it was still very manly and strong.
“Do not be silly, Annalise,” she mumbled to herself, putting her hands to his face and muttering her reaper’s blessing.
She could feel her power moving inside of her, flowing down to him and coaxing his soul to come to her. Her eyes closed and she let out a satisfied sigh as she felt the soul moving into her hand. When she opened her eyes, proud that she had gone against this aching in her to save his life, she couldn’t help the shock that played over her face. His soul was a glittering swirl of colors, that much was normal. However, it was more golden than all the others she had seen before. 
Once again, she felt the overwhelming need to revive him, heal him. If she listened to it, she would be betraying her people, breaking one of the most important of rules. She had never gone against the Elders’ wishes before, but she felt as it would be a terrible tragedy if she took this soul back to the Grand Hall. 
Annalise leaned back to gaze up at the high metal ceilings and the florescent lights flickering above her. Leon would be so disappointed in her, and she would be going against all of her trainings if she rescued this mortal. She felt her heart racing as she fought with herself to continue with her duty. All she had to do was tap her bangle and she would be in the Grand Hall. There would be no turning back at that point. It itched at her, however, her heart aching suddenly in the weirdest way. 
There was no way she could do it, she decided. She had to make sure the young man lying there was saved and she was the only one that could do it. She could not take his soul. They would have to send someone else to do it. As she leaned back over him, she noticed his face beginning to lose its color.
Quickly, she began mumbling her healing words and forcing the soul to go back where it was once. There was a short span of time in which a person could be healed, even if their soul had been removed. She only hoped she wasn’t too late. 
All her concerns about duty and what she was supposed to do faded as she began to mumble her most anxious and quick blessings to his soul. There was a rush of adrenaline filling her body, a yearning to bring him back to life, save him, quickly, before his soul was depleted. She closed her eyes as she whispered furiously, eyebrows coming together in concentration. As she felt his wounds closed, she wished that he would be fully healed. There had been something on that blade, something that was meant to poison the mortal’s system, and it was fighting back her spell. She had never felt something like this before, something that was resisting her magic. Putting more of herself into it, her words came out a little faster, the seraph language growing thicker on her tongue as she felt herself weaken. It had never been this hard to heal someone before, perhaps because she had never healed someone who was meant to die. She felt her stomach flip with excitement when she heard his loud intake of breath. Her eyes shot open as she felt his strong hands grip her arms, seeing her bright light shining through his digits. She knew her blue eyes shown with the brightest color, her hair as if a part of the golden sun as she looked down at his wide eyes. They were full of shock and dismay as they looked back at her, baby blue just as her own.
Annalise jerked her hand back from the young man when she realized that she had let her guard down, let him see her true form. She couldn’t believe what she had just done, breaking the rules and bringing his life back when it was meant to be taken. She chastised herself and quickly tapped her bangle to send herself back home before the mortal could open his mouth. Finding herself on the floor of her living space, she took a minute to look around. Since she did not see anyone else in site, she buried her face in her hands and tried to hold back the tears. She had never seen a seraph cry, not even heard of it. How was it that she herself was about to cry for the first time in her life? Even though she was one of the very few seraphs who were concerned with feelings and how they related to others, she had never felt so overwhelmed with emotion before. Here she was, remorseful and broken in her own home. She wasn’t sure how she was going to hide this from Leon. He could read her like a book, and he would be so very upset. 
“Back already?” Leon’s voice rang out from the other room. She had genuinely thought that she was alone in the small home. By paying more attention to her emotions than her surroundings, she hadn’t noticed her counterpart busying himself in the other room. He was right, however; if she had taken the soul to the Grand Hall, she would not have been back this quickly. 
Jumping up from her spot on the floor, she ran from their home as fast as she could, down the stone pathway, letting her body take her to the one place she felt like she could get out her feelings. It wasn’t as if Leon wouldn’t forgive her, wouldn’t work with her, but he was duty bound. Period. He brushed his feelings off, and dismissed many of her curious thoughts. She needed someone slightly above the law, someone who walked that thin line of good and bad, someone to help her keep from being cast out. Help her steer clear of turning into what she feared the most.  Fallen. 
She didn’t stop running until she found herself at the bottom of the large oak tree, the one with wooden steps leading up to the vast tree house. Once there, she let out a long sigh, a breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding and took a few small steps toward the tree. After she tapped her bangle, she found herself in the doorway, teleported there, and stepped slightly inside.
 “Finlay?” she called.
“Well look what the cat dragged in! Come on in sweetheart,” he said as he stood up from his place on the floor and gestured for her to come inside. 
Annalise lowered her eyes to the ground, slightly nervous to be alone with the blonde seraph in his home, and unsure about what he meant by being dragged in by a cat. She decided it must be some of the mortal slang that Finlay tended to use and shook her head. Her stomach felt queasy as she looked around. Leon had always been there with her before and she had never come alone. The two males were best of friends, high ranking officials in the guardian faction. Finlay was slightly taller than Leon, perfectly fixed blonde hair slightly long atop his head and dark eyebrows, hazel eyes that peered into your soul and a charming personality to ensnare any beauty that he set his eyes on. He spent most of his nights in the Ethereal Underground, something she had heard about as a gathering place for less than perfect individuals. Seraphs didn’t gamble, have intercourse, lie, cheat, or any of the other things that humans were known to do. They were duty bound, and once that duty was broken, they were cast out from their homeland and turned into the fallen. Still, she knew that Finlay did all these things. He played with mortal girls’ emotions for his own good, frequented company that was less than ideal, and yet was never cast out for it. He seemed untouchable to her, and he was what she needed most right now. Just thinking about them made Annalise shiver, and she wrapped her arms around herself as she stepped inside to speak with her friend.
“Thank you,” she said politely and raised her large blue eyes to meet his hazel eyes, set in his angled face. His body language was relaxed, hands tucked into his pockets, taupe wings lowered at his back. 
He raised his eyebrows, head dipping slightly, concern covering his face, “What’s wrong?”
“Finlay,” she started, unsure of what to really say. She wanted to blurt it all out, what she’d done. The wrong, terribly wrong, way she had betrayed her people, failed for the first time since she had been created. She was so ashamed. “They are going to cast me out. It is awful, what I have done. There is no way…”  Her voice trailed off, trying once again to fight off the tears that were threatening to spill over her lower lids.  
“I’m sure you are fine, Annalise,” he said reassuringly and stepped closer to her and raised his hand to attempt to wipe a tear from her eyes. His eyebrows pulled together in curiosity as he looked at the tear and wiped it on his pants.
She jerked back from him, eyes opening in shock at his words. Did he not see how important this was? How she was at risk of falling when the Elders realized one soul was missing from the day’s gathering? It was clear in the laws; those who do not do as is required of them are not worthy to stay as a seraph. It just was not clear to her how Finlay was still at his position with the amount of chastisements he got as a result from his actions. His advice was what she needed, “You are not taking me seriously, Harper.” 
“Finlay-” he corrected. He had never liked his first name. As soon as Finlay had received his higher ranking from the Elders, he had been awarded with a surname. He had taken this opportunity to insist he be addressed as Finlay now. After 1000 years, Annalise still let the name Harper slip from her lips when she got mad. She hadn’t received a surname yet, but she hoped to one day have her own.
“Finlay, you need to understand the seriousness of this situation. I…I have brought back a soul that was meant to be taken. I do not know why I did it…I suppose I was intrigued,” she said as her finger went to her mouth in wonder. Her thoughts swirled around her head suddenly as if they had been there all along just waiting for something to trigger them. She had never brought back a soul that was not meant to come back. What had been so different about this mortal that had made her heal him? She knew it was forbidden to bring back a lost soul unless instructed to do so by the globe. There had been something in his blue eyes, in his cocky smile as he looked at his rival, determined to defeat him. She felt herself wonder what he was doing at this moment, if he’d realized what had almost happened to him…if he was wondering about her as well.
“Ash I’m sure,” Finlay said with a laugh. It snapped her out of her thoughts as he walked over to the vase in the corner. “His soul was supposed to have been taken today.” He took a sip from the container and brought it to her and offered it to her with a crooked smile. “Here this will help you feel a little better.”
She took the vase from him and took a large gulp of the liquid inside. It burned her throat as it went down, and she almost spit it back up. The coughs were uncontrollable as they came from her, her hand going up to her throat and looking at him in question, “What kind of poison is that?”
“Liquor, sweetheart, it’s the devil’s potion, that which calms us in even the most absurd of situations,” he said and took the vase from her carefully and gave a hearty laugh as he took another drink and sat it back in his place. “I believe you are getting your first taste of love.”
The words caught in her throat as he turned back to her with a wave of his hand, as if that explained everything. He had surely lost his mind. Seraphs did not love, they simply…were. Sure they formed attachments, but they were not capable of love. Still, she was confused at this weird feeling in her stomach as he spoke of love.  “You do not know what you are talking about. You are delusional from that awful concoction in your vase. I shall return when you are not so crazy,” she said, shooting a glare at him before turning to leave. She bumped into him, however, as he had teleported to beat her to the doorway, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her to him.
“It’s okay, Annalise, I remember my first time as well. Not love so much really though…maybe fascination.”
She pulled herself out of his arms and shook her head, trying to ignore this weird sensation in her body, “How do you know this…Ash?” Why did she care so much?
“He’s one of my charges. A rather competitive and cunning keeper at that. I quite like him. That boy and I have played many a game of cards in the Underground.”
 “What is a keeper?” Annalise asked, her curiosity peeked when her friend seemed to know more about the mortal.
Finlay laughed, clearly amused by her sudden interest, “Oh my dear Anna, we really must get you a little more educated on the ways of the mortals if you are going to be spending so much time with them.”
“I do not plan on doing such a thing. Just answer the question.”
“Sure, sure, whatever you say,” he said with a roll of his eyes, “A keeper is a part of the government that makes sure that the planet is protected during times of war. They also take on assignments and fight for the good of the planet among its own inhabitants. They are stronger and faster than the average mortal, carrying a keeper blade that makes those features even more empowered.”
“Why would they do such a thing?”
“Why would a guardian seraph watch over their charges? Anna, don’t ask such silly questions. It makes you sound naïve and I know you are smarter than that. You just have to think before you speak.”
She knew that he was right in what he was saying. It was just that saving this mortal’s soul had her so confused and erratic all of a sudden and she needed to know more about them. 
Finlay interrupted her as she opened her mouth to speak and held his finger up as if to ask her to be quiet, “They are duty bound just as we are, but they are taken from their family as an infant and trained to be the best. Worst thing for them is having to learn to fight their emotions and control them. Some do well with that and others struggle…that Ash of yours, he’s quite the rebellious type.”
“He is not mine,” she clarified and threw her hands up in the air in front of her.
“Whatever you say, sweetheart. I don’t know why you saved him. Do you know why you saved him?”
Annalise paused and shook her head, “No, no I do not.”
“Then you should ask him.”
“Ask him?” Was he really trying to convince her to go speak with the mortal? To go to the human world and confront the one who she had saved? The one who she had shown herself to? Surely he would remember her and turn her in to these keepers. Then the Elders, and Leon, were sure to know what she had done. 
“Of course. Why not? Hide the wings, and the mortals will never know the difference,” he laughed and pointed to the thick golden bangle each seraph wore that not only alerted them of available duties but could also hide their wings.
Annalise shook her head in amazement. She knew that Finlay spent most of his extra time with the mortals, but it never occurred to her that he would be showing himself to them and taking on their attributes. Seraphs spoke without slang, without contractions, and most of the time Finlay spoke with both of those as a mortal would do. It was something she never wanted to do, and she certainly did not want to go hunt down this young man. “If you are his guardian, then where were you when he was dying?”
 “Where I was supposed to be, beautiful, away so he could die,” he said matter-of-factly, as if the very life he was in charge of didn’t matter.
“How can you be so nonchalant about such things, Finlay? I have never once broken the code of honor and disgraced myself in such a way, and here you are, squandering away your life and walking a fine line between seraph and…and…fallen. Even encouraging me to do the same.” 
“That’s quite the accusatory statement there, but lucky for you I take no offense,” he laughed facetiously and took her face in his hands, “I will make sure you escape, scotch free, I promise you that. Can’t be having Leon’s little lady getting into trouble. We are all meant to fall, my dear, all of us. Some just get caught quicker than others.” 
Annalise shook her head and pulled herself out of his grasp, “You are wrong. We are meant to thrive, Finlay, survive and do our duty.” She paused, feeling the adrenaline rush leave her and suddenly feeling faint. Seraphs rarely slept, only when their powers were at their lowest or after a great battle did they need rest. Annalise felt the room began to fade out and she reached out to grip Finlay’s shirt before she fell over.
“You must have really worked yourself up over this one,” he laughed as he picked her up into his arms. 
She threw her arm around him to balance herself. She wanted to insist that she could walk herself home, but she knew that she couldn’t when she felt her vision blur a second time. “Please do not leave me alone. I am terrified. I do not know what is wrong with me.”
“I will make sure Leon is still home before I leave. Just don’t cry in front of him, I need to figure out why that’s happening to you,” Finlay reassured her, “Just remember, if you need directions for teleportation, your globe answers all questions.” Before she could ask him exactly what he meant, she felt them teleport away to her home nearby, and as soon as they arrived, she felt herself pass out.




Chapter Three


Ash

The faint sound of horrible singing is what prompted Ash to open his eyes. His eyelids felt heavy, as did every other part of his body. His head pounded as if he had drank too much ale last night, but he couldn’t remember much from the night before. As soon as he realized what the sound was, he groaned and rolled over to hide his head under the feather pillow. Arie was at it again. She knew how much he hated it when she sang. It flowed piercingly from the kitchen, off key and making his splitting headache feel even worse. On top of that, his entire body felt sluggish and drained. Unable to sleep through what could easily be mistaken as the sounds of a dying mutant, Ash stood up slowly and started to stretch. He had to cut back on his drinking. He noticed he was dressed in a shirt and brown pants. It had to be Sasha’s clothes. He had no idea how he came to be in Arie’s bedroom, but he was just glad he didn’t wake up naked. Since Arie lived with her father; that was a situation he didn’t care to explain his way out of. Before he got a place in the eighth layer, he frequently stayed the night, but each night Sasha had expressed the many ways he could kill Ash if he touched his only daughter. Ash made his way into the kitchen area, not caring if his hair was sticking up or how awful he looked. It was just Arie, no need to impress her. She had seen him hung over before. The Raines’ home was modest, no fancy decorations or top of the line furnishings. It was simple and clean. Arie kept a small vase of flowers in the hallway. Flowers were hard to find, a rarity that only the top layers could afford. Somehow, Arie always seemed to find a few to spruce up the home. They lived in a small flat in a building near the Ethereal Underground. It wasn’t the nicest part of the eighth layer, but then again, there was no nice part of the eighth layer. He took a seat upon one of the old metal kitchen chairs before throwing the closest thing on the table, a paperback book, at Arie. She squealed as the book hit her thigh.
“You woke me with your awful singing,” Ash complained. He felt his stomach grumble when he inhaled the scent of something delicious. 
“Careful boy- I’ve got a pan of hot grease here. I’m making razda. Your favorite.” She held out the small pan that had held the razda meat. Ash took a small sniff and let the aroma fill his nose. Razda meat was impossible to get on the planet. In fact, anytime Arie and her father left the planet for hunter business, he made her bring him back a case of it. Animals didn’t live on their planet, and meat was practically nonexistent. Most things had to be imported from other planets, and it was up to the keepers to allow the traders to pass through the layers. These days, the keepers didn’t allow many traders past the fifth layer. Something about the rebels who lived in the deepest layers. Whatever the reason was, the keepers kept a tight supply on any essentials the people needed. They claimed that they were protecting the planet from outside threats, but in recent years Ash felt that their methods had become extreme. There was the underground market though; one could get almost anything from them. If you needed a weapon, food or medicine, it could be easily found if you knew where to look. The underground market was where he had gotten his trusty dagger. He was just starting to get used to being without his keeper blade. It was hard at first, to not have that familiar weight hanging from his belt. Still, the dagger gave him a sense of security.
Ash leaned back and placed his hands behind his head.
“What happened last night?”  He couldn’t remember much, just a few flashes, and his head was in too much pain to process the memories.
Arie brought a hot plate of steaming red meat and a glass of water over to him and sat down. “You don’t remember anything?”
Ash licked his lips hungrily and started to dig in to his food. “No, not really.” Eating was much more important right now.
She wiped her hand across her forehead and sighed. Her red hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail and she was rockin’ a pair of tight pants and a tank. Ash tried hard not to instinctively stare at her, his stomach screamed out in hunger instead.
“Well, you have to be the luckiest man in the world because your wound is gone.” Ash almost spit out his food; he took a drink from the glass to help him wash it down. That was right; he had gotten stabbed by Loki. He had seen a fallen last night. 
“So that wasn’t a dream!” he cried. Of course it wasn’t. It was all coming back to him now. The fight, Arie looking for help, and then there was someone else. He struggled to grasp the small memory before it disappeared. A girl? He remembered a face with the bluest eyes he had ever seen, a girl with golden hair, and she was speaking. She was on top of him speaking words he couldn’t understand. He placed his hand over his chest where the sword had gone through his body. There was nothing there. He lifted up the shirt he was wearing, which he presumed was Sasha’s. His skin was smooth and unharmed. Looking up, he raised an eyebrow at Arie.
“Take a good look Raines, because you aren’t gonna see abs this good ever again.” He watched her roll her eyes before he slowly lowered his shirt. 
“Your clothes were covered in blood, do you want to explain what happened, because people just don’t magically heal from a sword wound.”
 Ash took the last few bites of his food and shrugged. Maybe people did magically heal, he knew that yesterday was not his time to die and it wasn’t. Maybe a higher power knew that too. Still, he was hesitant to tell Arie about the girl. He almost missed Arie starting to lecture him. He recognized the familiar words and groaned.
 “Maybe the blood was Loki’s.”
“You are lucky Loki didn’t tear you apart right then. I’ve been studying the legends Ash- he is dangerous. That’s why I didn’t go running unarmed and with no backup. You have to be the most selfish, careless, immature little keeper on the planet.” She stared at him with disbelief. 
Ash stood up abruptly at the mention of the keepers. “I’m not with the keepers right now,” he yelled, letting his temper get the best of him. “And if they come around here don’t tell them a thing.”
After the incident, the keepers had made it very clear that if he was caught breaking the rules again, he would never be allowed in the conservatory again. He knew what happened to keepers who were kicked out. Most were never seen or heard from again.  He started to feel bad for yelling at his friend.
“I’m sorry, doll.” He tried to smile, and took a deep breath to calm down. The keepers were already too curious about him and Arie’s relationship. Romantic encounters were strictly forbidden; a keeper had to get special permission and an official pairing to get married. Keepers were supposed to focus on being warriors; not on emotional ties. He had done such a great job of hiding his secret life in the underground, but someone had betrayed him. The Officials knew everything now. The fighting, gambling, and the women.
“Finlay came by looking for you,” she said. Ash perked up at the mention of his friend. Why would Finlay think to look for him here?
“Really? What did he want?”
“To check on you. He helped me carry you back home last night.”
“How convenient,” he grumbled. When he had introduced them a few months ago, he had given Finlay strict orders to stay away from Arie. The last thing he needed was for Arie’s heart to get smashed like the dozens of other girls Finlay left in his path. 
Arie put her hands on her hips and scowled.  “I’m not a child anymore Ash, I have been of age for a few years now. You can't keep protecting me from every guy out there. Besides, Finlay didn’t even stay; he was in a hurry to get somewhere.”
“I need to get out of here without being seen.” He wanted to look outside, but the units in the eighth layer didn’t have windows as it was too dangerous. Too many criminals, too many thieves.  Ash wasn’t sure who would be watching. Fallen or keeper.
“Are you afraid to be seen with me?” Arie whispered. The look on her face made Ash’s eyes fall to the floor. He had always been afraid of leading her on, but she knew the rules; she also knew that he broke them quite often. He walked over to where she sat and pulled her into a tight embrace. He let his hand run through her hair and inhaled deeply. She always smelled like flowers, a smell that calmed him. Her body fit perfectly against his. She was his best friend and he would never hurt her.
“I’m not afraid of anything Arie; I’m just trying to protect you. The keepers are pretty mad at me right now. I don’t want to give them reason to believe we are…together.” She nodded and gave him a quick kiss on his cheek. He knew she would understand. She had met the keepers before and knew how strongly they took the keeper oath.
“You know that’s never stopped you with the girls before,” she teased. Ash chuckled before letting her go.
“Well that was before…” He let his sentence trail off; he didn’t want her to know about how much trouble he was in with the keepers, she didn’t need anything else to worry about. All she knew right now was that he was taking a sabbatical while the higher up keepers, the Officials, decided what to do about Ash’s recent bouts of dishonesty and unruliness.
“Let me wake dad, he can sneak you out through the tunnels.” Arie started to walk towards her father’s room; he quickly grabbed her arm to stop her. 
“Uh, no thanks, last thing I need is your hung over father questioning why I was here last night and why I am wearing his clothes. I can make it through the tunnels myself.” The tunnels ran below the city. They weren’t too dangerous, but if you didn’t know your way, you could get lost in them forever. Ash wasn’t worried, he had used them a few times before and he was confident he knew his way home through them. He just wanted to stay away from the guards who were at the entrance to the ninth layer. The ninth layer was forbidden. All he wanted to do was to go home and take a hot bath. He needed a smoke and he needed some time to think about what had happened earlier. He also needed to travel up to the surface later that day to appear at the conservatory. 
He was curious as to why Arie wasn’t pushing the situation. She was always so eager and excited about everything; that was why he liked her so much. They were alike in so many ways, but she didn’t seem to push the fact that he had mysteriously healed. Trying to be helpful, he grabbed his empty plate and glass to clean up the table. 
“Let me help clean up before I go.” Unfortunately, his movements were a little too hurried and he knocked the glass of water over, spilling its contents all over the table.
He cursed and swiftly picked the cup up. “Sorry…” he mumbled. He put his hands out, not sure of what he was trying to do. He couldn’t mop up the spill with his hands. He felt stupid for just standing there, but for some reason he couldn’t move. He was frozen in that spot. All he could think about was how stupid he felt for knocking over the water and how badly he wanted to clean it up. He heard Arie scrambling through the kitchen, looking for a towel.
He felt his hands start to get warm and a tingling feeling shot through his fingers. The pain was dull, like his entire hand had fallen asleep. Within a matter of seconds, he saw the water lift up from the table. He was still in too much shock to move, so he just stood there staring at the water. It was floating in midair. It shimmered in a bulbous form a few inches off the table. Unable to believe what he was seeing, Ash blinked a few times and lifted his hands to rub his eyes. Maybe he was still dreaming. He looked at the spilled water again; it was back on the table. He was really out of it; maybe he needed to sleep this off. Deep inside, he felt that something was off. He didn’t feel quite right or normal that is. Whoever or whatever that girl was, she had done something to him. 
“I’ve got to go, I’ll see you around.” Ash spun around and bolted from the apartment. He needed to get out of there before anything more strange happened. He also had a meeting on the surface with the Officials, and he couldn’t be late.
He had found his way through the underground tunnels easy enough. Once home, he tried to get cleaned up for his meeting. In the shower, he tried to recreate the control over the water, but he couldn’t make it work. He was so curious as to what had really happened last night that it was driving him crazy. He needed to have a clear mind for when he met with the Officials. The blonde girl and Loki would have to wait for another day.
A short time later, Ash began his trip to the surface. The trip was surprisingly quick. The direct tunnels that Ash flew the ship up through were nearly deserted. The citizens of Cabalin weren’t afforded the luxury of fuel, and the fuel that the keepers made on the surface cost as much as one normal person made in a day. This kept the citizens from moving around from city to city. It kept them stranded in one layer. Not too many people were willing to walk through the underground tunnels either. Ash’s ship belonged to the keepers, and the only reason he was allowed to keep it was to appear before the Officials in situations like this. It had only been a few weeks since they had forced him on a sabbatical. At first, living underground had seemed exciting and adventurous, but after a few days Ash longed for the warmth of the suns on his skin. The lights that hung from the ceiling of the underground didn’t feel the same to him. They were built to mimic sunlight, but it just wasn’t the same. Each of the nine layers contained one city. Each city was completely different from the other. They had different layouts and temperatures. The eighth layer was the most populated layer. It was where Ash lived, in a small home near the Underground. It was easier for him to run home after a fight to get cleaned up. Most of his friends lived there also. It was an urban terrain with the highest crime rate, biggest stores, and where most of the trading happened. The seventh layer consisted of family units; the sixth and fifth layer contained the middle class environments with factories and hydroponic gardens. All the layers above the fifth were considered superior. These layers were where the most important citizens live, and housed the swankiest stores, spas, and other luxuries that helped the rich pass the time.  The important citizens never had to work for their gems, but somehow they always seemed to have enough. Gems were the official form of currency, and most of the citizens accepted payments with them or bartered with items.  
As the surface neared, Ash could hear the rumbling of the generators as he left the underground sphere. The dome surrounded all the cities; it enclosed them in the ecosphere. The generators above the dome cleaned and recycled the air and another set of generators below the sphere recycled the waste.  Ash had never traveled past the eighth layer to see the generators, and he never wanted too. The ninth layer was the home of all the banished creatures on the planet. Some of them were original inhabitants; others were citizens who had broken the law. The few openings out of the ninth layer were heavily guarded to keep the banished inside.  
Once Ash had broken the barrier of the sphere, he noticed how bad the surface looked. It had only been a few weeks since he last saw it, but it had defiantly changed. The suns was brighter and the air looked dirtier. In the past few decades, the land had slowly started to die off. The soil became dry and the enrichment that once flourished across it had withered away into nothing. The oceans had dried up and the animals had disappeared. The aging process of the inhabitants had also begun to speed up. When the mortal species first came to the planet, they had all started to age slowly. Before, it wasn’t unheard of to live for hundreds of years. When the planet changed, so did the lifespan of everything on it. Now most species were lucky to see age forty. Everything that had once been beautiful about the land was gone. Ash hadn’t been born yet when the land flourished, but the stories he heard were enough to understand why so many people had once coveted the planet. 
Ash parked his ship in his usual spot outside of the cube shaped conservatory and jumped out. He had felt so groggy that morning, but now his body felt full of life.  He stepped outside and stretched his hands over his head. He straightened out his keeper uniform. When he appeared before the Officials, he was required to wear his dress robe. It was long and black with the keeper emblem stitched in over the breast. The keeper’s symbol consisted of a large triangle with a star at the top, and within it was a key with a “k” in the circular portion at the top. A pair of matching pants and button up shirt completed the ensemble.  Ash remembered to put on a serious face as he neared a few keepers that stood guard outside of the conservatory.
 Ash gave a nod to one the guards as he walked closer. “I’m here to appear before the Officials.” The two other guards stared at Ash with blank faces. “Always so serious,” Ash thought.  One of the guards, whom Ash recognized as a keeper a few years below himself moved to open one of the large doors. The sound of explosions in the air caused Ash to jump backwards. The sound of an attack was something all the keepers had grown accustomed to. No one else even flinched.
“Underground life has made you soft.” A teasing voice caused Ash to straighten up and look over at the open door. In the doorway stood his former partner. Jedzia was dressed identical to Ash and her long black hair was pulled tightly into a bun on top of her head. She was almost ten years older than Ash, but she still looked young and vibrant.
Ash walked through the doors and felt a tremble of fear as it slammed shut behind him. “I didn’t expect you to be here,” he told her.
“I am here to witness on your behalf. It is rumored that the keepers are in disagreement about your sabbatical.” Ash had been afraid that would happen. A rouge keeper was not unheard of, and those that could not keep their emotions under control or take the job seriously were never heard from again.  Ash reminded himself to keep a straight face. The last thing he wanted the Officials to see was his anger, or even worse, his fear. 
Jedzia glanced over at him with a perceptive look. “Calm down Ash. Your offence is not too serious. You think that other keepers have not gotten curious and snuck underground?”
“This is different, and you know it.” He didn’t want to talk about the situation out loud. When he talked about it, it made it seem even more real.  He stopped in the hallway and looked around. The keeper conservatory was a huge cubed shaped building that housed the training facilities and all of the war supplies they used. It was brown on the outside to mask it from attackers, but even if a neighboring planet made it on the surface to attack, a large force field shielded it. A few factories sat on the outskirts of the perimeter, which were used as trading posts. The walls inside were white and bare. In fact, everything in the keeper conservatory looked the same way. They were not into decorations or aesthetically pleasing environments. If the object didn’t have a definitive purpose; it was not needed. Jedzia continued to walk, not bothering to stop when Ash had paused.
“They will not get rid of you. You have a strong keeper bloodline. The keepers are fading, that is why they insist we not mingle with the other races. We are the future of the planet. Without us, the war would surely destroy this planet.” She recited the words like they had been bore into her head since birth. They probably had been. Ash had always thought that power had gone to the many of the keepers’ heads. He sometimes forgot that she was one of them; Jedzia had been trained from day one to become an Official.
“I’m not sure there is much of a planet to save anymore,” he mumbled under his breath. The planet was dying; he didn’t understand why everyone was so insistent on staying here. He didn’t feel the same loyalty to his homeland like many other did. The rebels, an underground terrorist group, wanted the planet to be returned to how it was before the wars, but Ash felt like it was all a few thousand years too late. The rebels only made his job as a keeper that much harder. He looked over at the keeper blade that fell from Jedzia’s side. He longed for the return of his own blade; if he was ever allowed to come back. 
They neared the large white doors at the end of the hallway. This was it; another hearing to discuss his future with the keepers. They would gripe about Ash sneaking around and breaking his oath. Ash would complain about how the keepers should be allowed to socialize. They would answer with something similar to what Jedzia said. How they were the glue holding the planet together; and they had vowed to save it from destruction. It was all the same to Ash. He would tell them he didn’t understand why they stayed on a dying planet. The war would never end, and the other planets would never stop trying to gain control over Cabalin. Jedzia tried to give him a reassuring smile, but it didn’t calm Ash’s nerves. The large double doors opened automatically to the Official Court.  Ash let a neutral expression take over his face as he walked inside. The round room was large with the same plain white walls. On each side were rows of metal desks; each with an Official placed neatly behind it. There were twenty Officials all together. Each Official had once been a promising keeper who now governed the laws and made all of the decisions for the people and planet. The keepers began as a warrior race that had traveled from far to find a new home. The race had once been pure, but throughout the centuries interspecies relationships had resulted in tainted bloodlines. Only a few full-blooded keepers had remained.
In the last hundred years, the Officials decided that the keepers were to live on the surface away from the other cities. They still needed to supply a growing army, and most of the population had at least one ancestor of keeper decent in their lineage. When a child was born underground, parents would sometimes get their children tested to become keepers. These babies were stronger and more intelligent than normal. They also had limited capacity for emotions. Recently, Arie had heard a rumor that some of the keeper children were stolen from parents who didn’t want to give up their babies. No one was for sure if it was true or not. Ash sometimes wondered who his parents were and where they lived, but he knew there was no point. He didn’t feel any emotional ties to them.  Ash slowly reached the other side of the room and stepped up onto a large white platform. It was only one step off the ground, but it gave all the Officials a good view. He turned around to face both rows of Officials. He pushed his nerves away, and cleared his mind of emotion. It was a trick that all keepers were taught. He was thankful for it though; it had lessened the pain when he had been attacked by Loki. One of the Officials stood up and walked out from behind his large desk.  He was a shorter man with long, red hair that fell down his shoulders and piercing green eyes. As he walked, his robe dragged along the polished white floor. Ash bowed his head and put his hands behind his back. He didn’t recognize this particular Official by name, but Ash knew he was important.
“Ash, you have been called here today to discuss your treason. You are accused of violating your vows by participating in forbidden acts in the eighth layer including, not but limited to; gambling, consorting with criminals, unlawful fighting and not putting your duties above all else to protect your peers.” As the words flowed from the Official’s mouth, Ash flinched. Hearing all of it in one sentence made it sound worse that it really was. Ash didn’t say anything. He stared at the keeper symbol that was engraved on the platform below his feet.
“Ash,” said a recognizable voice, “do you understand why we sent you away?”
Ash looked up to see one of his mentors, Sune, standing next to the redheaded Official.  Sune wore the same robe and his black hair fell against his shoulders. Ash nodded.  He was on a sabbatical to understand how blessed the life of a keeper really was, and how horrible the day to day life underground could be.
“Yes, Official. I understand.”
“The opportunities we can provide outweigh anything you may receive down there.” Sune walked closer, his eyes were gentle and understanding. Sune was one of the only people that seemed to stand behind him in this scandal.
“He is plotting with that redheaded hunter! We should get rid of him now, before he betrays us all!” Ash felt his fists tighten behind his back in anger, but he tried to keep a straight face. He watched as a silver haired Official stood up and marched next to Sune. He pointed at Ash and continued on. “We do not give second chances. Why are we allowing him one? We need to get rid of him and the girl both.”
“Control yourself, Official Julian. Do you want to be next on Sasha Raine’s personal bounty?” Sune’s threat seemed to calm Julian down. Julian meekly took a step back and lowered his finger. He gritted his teeth instead.
“He is a liability,” Julian pointed out.
“He is a warrior who has proven himself to us, and been more helpful than many of the keepers we have. We cannot afford to lose another good keeper.”
“He will cost us a lot of good keepers,” one of them yelled out. Ash stood there as the two men argued back and forth. He didn’t like how they were speaking about him, but Ash knew his place and stood quietly. The redheaded Official slowly turned to look at Ash and he started to circle him while staring at him dead on. Ash felt a chill run up his spine as the man made his way around the platform. Something about this Official scared Ash.  When he had made his way back to his original spot, he started to speak. “We should let the traitor defend himself.”
All of the keepers stopped talking and looked at Ash. Ash took a deep breath. He wasn’t sure what to say. He wanted to be a keeper, but not at the price of his freedom.  Being told what to do and what not to do every second of his life was not the way he wanted to live.
“I do not understand why we have to be so distant from the citizens?”
“We are better than they are. We stay here because our ancestors vowed to protect the planet. We do not break a vow, so until the war ends, we stay here.” 
Ash had to fight not to stomp out of the room. The war was getting better each day. He continued to reason with them. “The war isn’t that bad. We are so close to signing a peace treaty, and declaring our planet a neutral zone.” Ash knew the treaty was years away from being signed. In fact, he had been the one to deliver the original treaty to one of the nearby planets.  Cabalin’s greatest threat, the Zornk, hadn’t reacted nicely. Ash and Jedzia had barely made it out alive.
“The Zornk have not agreed to anything yet. They only agreed to consider,” Julian said.
“That is the first step.” Ash took a death breath and decided to say something that was completely out of place for a keeper. “The people underground are getting restless; I have learned this over the past few weeks. They need supplies.”
All of the Officials looked at him with empty gazes. It was apparent that they didn’t care too much about wellbeing of the citizens.
“They have food and adequate air and clothing. If we give them much more, we are giving to the rebels as well.” One of the keepers shouted from the back of the room. All of the Officials took turns looking at each other and nodding.
“It seems to me that you have locked them inside their own prison so that you do not have to deal with them. People are dying and starving, they are sick of being suppressed.”
“They do this to themselves. Many of the layers live peacefully.”
“Most of the layers are allowed supplies,” Ash yelled out. He tried hard to calm his anger, but it was no use. They all saw his emotions written on his face. The Officials treated the citizens like a pet they promised to watch for a neighbor. They didn’t care about anyone they considered inferior. Ash looked over at Jedzia, who stood in the corner with a helpless look on her face. None of them had the capacity to empathize as Ash did.
“If we allow your redheaded friend to live among us, will you be happy?” Sune asked. This offer resulted in an alarming gasp among the others.  Ash considered the possibility, but remembered the other people he had grown to care about. These taboo emotional attachments controlled too much of his life now. He shook his head. How could the keepers be so heartless? How could they allow such awful things to happen? Ash couldn’t believe that he once felt the same as them.  He couldn’t defy them to their faces. He was too scared of the consequences. Sure, the others who had defied them had done much worse, but Ash couldn’t help but feel like he was in the same situation. Ash shook his head. Arie loved the surface, but she would never agree to live among the keepers.
“Fine then. We will need to discuss your future here,” Sune said. He walked up to Ash and put a hand on his shoulder. “You are still the chosen one to take over my seat for the Officials.  Remember that.  Jedzia will take you home. Your transportation will stay on the surface. We will call for you when a decision is made. ”
Ash felt as if he had let Sune down. He knew he could never truly feel the same as the others. He was a strong warrior, but would make a bad Official. The Officials all stepped back to allow a path for Ash to leave. With another bow of his head, he slowly walked from the room and out the large white doors. He stopped when he heard the slam of the doors behind him. He took a few deep breaths to steady his shaking hands. If they let him back in, he wasn’t sure he could ever truly be one of them. Jedzia walked around him and slowly continued toward the exit. He followed behind her. He had meant to ask her what she knew about the seraphs, but it seemed a little untimely now. Once outside, Ash looked up at the sky and took a good hard look. The sunlight warmed his face. Though most of the danger was unseen, he knew it was up there in the sky. He quietly looked around. All he could see for miles was dirt and rock. Nothing was left for him here. He didn’t truly belong anymore. He climbed into the small silver ship and closed the hatched behind him. Once inside, Jedzia started to drive off of the surface. They both sat in silence the entire way down. Ash stared at a cup of water that sat in a holder between them. Something inside of him itched and longed to touch it. He remembered what had happened at Arie’s and the beautiful blonde who had haunted his dreams the night before. There was no way he made her up, she was real. Something or someone had saved him the night before and he had to know what it was. Jedzia looked over at him, but still refused to look him in the eyes.
“You know,” she said “If you would just do as you are told, this wouldn’t be so hard. You aren’t easily replaced.” 
Ash didn’t comment. He would have to speak to her later about everything that was going on, not now when he was so upset. She stopped the ship at the eighth layer entrance and pushed the small button to open the hatch on his side.
“I will see you soon,” he promised her. With his final words, Ash jumped out of the ship and made the short journey back to his home. He ran the entire way, he needed to unwind. There was so much energy in his body and there were no fights scheduled at the Ethereal Underground. If the Officials decided against him, he wouldn’t be around much longer. He knew he needed to find the blonde girl before they made their final decision.

Annalise
“Anna…Anna…”
Annalise’s eyelids fluttered open slowly, her blue orbs trying to focus on the green ones staring back at her. Those familiar lips pursed in concern, eyebrows lowered as well. Leon. She was thankful to be at home, knowing that Finlay had made sure she was there and safe. She had no doubt that Leon was concerned; it was written all over his face. He knew that there was no reason for her to be sleeping; her job was not normally so draining. Seraphs did not need to sleep, only when they had been depleted their powers. This is something that Leon did often after returning from his duties, even though she wasn’t sure what had been so tiring if he was not doing much fighting these days. 
Letting her eyes close again for a second, she listened as Leon stood up from where she lay and walked over to whisper to Finlay. Annalise had to strain to hear, but she wanted to gauge just how upset he was before she sat up. 
“She’s been out for a while,” Leon whispered, followed by a sigh.
“I know, friend, but she will be fine.”
“What if the fallen got to her and she is hurt?”
Finlay let out a breath, “It has nothing to do with that, I’m sure.”
Annalise was thankful that their friend wasn’t giving her up so quickly, and that she would be able to talk to Leon about things. Normally Finlay would just let all the secrets out and leave a mess in his wake. This time he was keeping his mouth shut, and she knew that must be hard for him.
“But there have been several more seraphs disappear this week. I do not want her to be one of them.”
This comment piqued her interested; so he was worried about her, not upset, and perhaps she would find out if he knew for sure what was happening to these seraphs. She turned her head to the side and peeked through a lowered lid to see her counterpart shake his head in worry, look back at her, and then back to his friend. He lowered his voice even more then and she wasn’t able to hear what was said. Still, she was surprised at what she’d learned: one, that Finlay was not spilling her secrets, which was odd; and two, that there were more seraphs missing. It was terrifying for her. Some had spoken of closing off the realm for a short time to see if they could figure out what was killing them off one by one. Others argued that would send the world into chaos, mortals living as if immortal or souls floating about, mortals dying when they weren’t supposed to or following a path other than their destiny. Most agreed they couldn’t survive without the seraphs, so they would not close off the realm. Still, it was something that worried Annalise now that she knew Leon was concerned. He was so brave, so ready for battle, and his apprehension had her mind spinning. Maybe she should stay home, not go out on reapings, especially if she couldn’t do it right. 
Pushing herself up on her elbows in the large feather mattress, she heard him dismiss Finlay and then turn his attention back to her. She gave Leon a small smile as he walked back over to her. 
His calloused hand reached out to grip her chin, locking his eyes on hers, “You have been asleep for two days, Anna. Are you okay?”
“I am fine,” she insisted with a nod of her head. She was shocked to hear that she had been out so long, but she tried not to let it show. She knew he was concerned, so she placed her hand on his and gave it a small reassuring rub, “I just over exerted myself. No need to worry.” 
He pulled his eyebrows further together as he shook his head and sat back from her on the bed, “You are not being honest with me.”
She had tried to hide the worry that crept up on her as she remembered the reason for her being so tired. Two days was longer than she had ever slept. It was normal for Leon to sleep that long after battle, after protecting his charges at times, but never her. She understood his concern, but she wasn’t sure what to say to make him feel better. There was no way she could stand it if he hated her, if he was disappointed in her. There had never been a time that she had ever been less than honest with him, and she wasn’t sure where to begin. Even as she spoke, her thoughts drifted back to those blue eyes in that boy’s face. His face had been youthful, but the way he carried himself shown that he was a man and had seen many battles. It was something she had to tell her counterpart, he would know what to do. Maybe it was what was meant to happen, a prophecy maybe. She continued to try to convince herself that maybe this was supposed to happen, and that her counterpart would understand. Even though she felt an overwhelming sense of sadness at betraying what she had always known. 
 “Leon…” she started, but stopped, not wanting to let the words flow form her mouth for fear of his rejection. 
“Anna….please tell me. What happened to you for you to become so tired? In two days’ time, I have not left your side. Finlay has been covering my charges as I tended to you. There is no reason for you to be like this and he would not answer any of my questions. Also, the council has been here…but I would not let them in,” he explained, still looking to her for answers.
So the Elders were looking for her. They knew what she had done and they had come to punish her. Annalise had known there was no way for her to get out of this, no way they would not have noticed the soul missing. She wasn’t sure what happened to the person once they were brought back to life when they were supposed to be taken. Not sure what kind of kink she had put in the way of the world, she was scared to even think about it. It was possible she had thrown everyone’s futures off. She was terrified to know that Leon had asked the Elders to leave.
She reached out to grasp the cloth of Leon’s shirt as she looked up at him desperately, “You cannot turn them away. You will be cast out and made a fallen for protecting me.”
His eyes opened in shock, grabbing her arms with his hands, just as the mortal had when he had awoken. Her eyes slammed shut with the memory, wanting to erase it from her mind. She was ashamed of herself, for stabbing her kind in the back. Leon….
“What are you talking about?” he insisted, his grip getting tighter on her arms.
She opened her eyes, begging him with them to remain calm, “I raised a soul, Leon, one that I was supposed to take.” Her breath caught in her throat, scared to hear his response. 
He let her go, stood up from the bed, and walked across the room. She watched as his hands went up to his head to rub it, his wings rigid with tension. She had seen this gesture before, one that had never been directed at her, and she dreaded what would be said next. It showed that he was very agitated. He turned back to her, arms crossing in front of his chest and looking down at her, “Why would you do that?”
Annalise slid off of the bed and onto the floor, moving over to where he was and wrapping her arms around his legs and letting the tears fall from her eyes. She had to show him how very sorry she was, that she regretted bringing this mortal back to life, even though she wasn’t sure what had gotten ahold of her. “I do not know. I have no excuse. Please do not hate me. I could not stand it.”
She felt him kneel down to where she was, curl his fingers into her hair as he pulled her close to hold her and whispered softly, “I could never hate you, but you should have come to me.”
It bit her to the bone, the way his voice went from concern and caring to that of irritation and anger in two short sentences. As far as she could remember, he had never been angry with her. He was always understanding and caring, the only one in their realm to really get her. Still, she couldn't explain this turn of events herself, so why did she expect him to understand? 
She felt hurt, so she moved away from him and stood up. After she took a few steps back, she crossed her arms around herself. “I did not come to you because I knew you would be like this.” She tried to keep her face neutral. 
“Did you go to Finlay about this?”
“Yes…” she whispered, unsure of why that was an issue. He was their friend after all.
Leon pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head, clearly conflicted.  “Do you realize what kind of trouble you are going to be in if this continues?”
“I am quite aware of that, Leon, and I thought that perhaps you would care enough to help me stay out of trouble. Apparently I was mistaken,” she stated and lowered her eyebrows to scowl at him. They had never fought before, they had always gotten along. He was the one person who understood her, and he should know that she would never do such a thing on purpose. It was that keeper, she was certain; he had performed some kind of alchemy over her. 
Taking a step towards her, her counterpart reached out to run a finger down her cheek, but she stepped back. She could see the sudden sadness in his eyes as she did so, never brushing him off in all of their years together. 
“Anna, don’t be upset with me. We need to get you some help, figure out why you would do such a thing. You have never ignored your duty before. I am just trying to understand.”
“You are doing no such thing. You are judging me. You have no idea what I have been through trying to deal with this except that your name might be looked down upon because your counterpart made a mistake!” Annalise threw her arms down at her sides and glared at Leon. She had never been so upset with him in all the years they had worked together. This anger inside of her was intense and overpowering, and she wasn’t sure how to deal with it. Leon would not understand. She had never seen him lose his temper, because he had no temper to lose. Here she was acting like a mortal child.  She had been bewitched by this ‘Ash’ and she was going to find him. Finlay was right. She had to find him. Find him and insist that he tell her the truth about what had happened. That was the only way she could know for sure that she had not completely lost her mind or begun her decent down to being cast out. Giving one last look into those green eyes, she teleported to the other side of the realm where she could think in peace.
When she returned home, she found herself alone inside of the small dwelling. She could hear several voices outside conversing, and she remembered that they were supposed to be roasting over the fire with Finlay and Slade. That was one of the reasons they had frequented the market, to obtain things to cook. She did not find herself particularly hungry or in the mood to be social. This was something she always looked forward to, but everything that had transpired had taken over her mind and she had forgotten. Walking over to the window, she peered outside and took in the scene.
Finlay, Leon, and Slade were all sitting around the fire pit with something roasting on the wood above. Finlay’s hands were moving about theatrically, no doubt in some kind of exciting story. Annalise knew if she went out there, he would pull her into reenactments and she was really not in the mood. All of these emotions were swirling around in her head and all she could think of was the Elders swooping in and destroying all of them. She wasn’t sure how things would be with her seraph friends since she had acquired these newfound emotions. 
Still, she pulled herself to the entrance and forced a smile to her face. Leon turned his head to her as if on cue and let the corner of his mouth turn up in a grin. He stood up as she walked over to them, and reached out to pull her into an embrace. 
“Hello Anna,” he whispered as he wrapped his wings around the both of them. He pulled back and looked down at her, still keeping privacy up between them, “How are you feeling?”
“I am fine.”
“You are not being honest with me.”
Annalise found it incredibly irritating that he was calling her out every time she tried to hide her feelings from him. This was different and he could never understand. He had never broken the rules, and she knew he looked down on her for it.
“Can we just roast over the fire and forget about today?” she asked.
Leon frowned but nodded, pulling himself away from her and placing a hand at her back. He addressed the others, “Anna here was just taking a walk.”
He led her over to where the others were and she took a seat beside Finlay, who promptly gave her a wink and leaned over to her, “Well hello, Anna, imagine seeing you around here.” His hazel eyes bore into hers, showing that he was hinting that she needed to go to the mortal world. 
She gave him a frown in return, “I would not be anywhere else.”
“How was your walk?” Slade asked from across the way, “Find anything interesting?”
“No, there were not many about where I was,” she mumbled, casting her eyes to the ground. She did not enjoy being untruthful with her friend but she did not want him knowing about what had happened. The fewer seraphs involved, the better it would be for everyone. 
Finlay reached out to twist the wood in front of him, demeanor quiet. This was how he usually was when other seraphs were around, more reserved and to himself, more proper in his language. However, he kept looking into his bangle as if he was waiting for something. He was not always this silent around this small group of friends. She wondered what it was that had his attention.  It made Annalise uncomfortable now, to know that he was hiding his true self from even Slade. Whatever had been so interesting for him to share before she arrived was just a memory now. None of the seraphs brought it back up, and she doubted that they cared to.  The seraphs relished the quiet and enjoyed the scenery around them. Annalise found herself slightly bored, something that had not occurred to her before. Other than Finlay’s stories there was nothing for them to talk about. Nothing went on in their lives, nothing but the duty. It was what they knew. Annalise opened her mouth to ask how Slade’s counterpart, Teagan, was doing when a buzzing sound went off.
All of the men cast their eyes to their bangle, only Annalise did not. She did not want to go back to the human world. She had calmed herself down and had no desire to bring back the flood of sentiments. Her thoughts had been nearing insanity, to think that she could go speak with the mortal and demand what he had done to her. 
Slade smiled as he looked up at them, “That is me. I shall return.” He tapped his bangle and disappeared from sight.  It was apparent to Annalise that he had to take care of something with his charge.
“Have you returned to the mortal?” Leon asked suddenly.
She looked up at him in shock of his blunt questioning, “No, I have not.”
“I do not recommend you go there.”
“I was only planning on going to their world if I have a reaping, Leon. I think that you need to stop worrying.”
“I am not worried,” he clarified, “I simply do not want him to harm you. If he does, I will kill him.”
Annalise knew this to be true. Leon would not spend too much time worrying over anything, it wasn’t a seraph quality. He would simply watch out for her and kill anything in his path that might cause her harm. The seraphs were simple. It was the mortals that were complicated. The Elders had taught them this, that the mortal’s emotions controlled them and caused nothing but trouble. The fact that Annalise seemed to be feeling more and more like one by the minute since she had saved Ash made her feel ashamed. 
“Friend, just calm down,” Finlay said, glaring at his friend and going back to turn the vegetables on the wood in front of them.
“I do not want her being like you.”
With a laugh, Finlay shook his head and leaned over to Leon, “No one can ever be like me.”
Slade returned, back in the spot he had left, much to Annalise’s happiness. This would end the conversation. They returned to the silence that they had beforehand until Finlay let an excited exclamation, “And it is done! Feast your eyes everyone on your new favorite meal.”
Annalise giggled, excitement filling her to try the new dish. No one else seemed to share in her enthusiasm, however, just nodding at the blonde as he began to pull pieces off and handing them out. Each one ate what was offered to them, and the reaper couldn’t help herself, “This is delicious Finlay, where did you find out how to make it?”
“I have my ways.”
“It is delicious,” Leon agreed quickly.
“Yes.” This from Slade.
Finlay gave her a crooked smile as he went back to eating his food. The group grew quiet again until the familiar buzzing sound went off. This time, Leon excused him from the group. He didn’t give her his usual goodbyes, and it made her sad, feel as if she had done something horribly wrong. She wondered where he was headed or what he was doing. Annalise could only hope that he would return safely. If she lost him without a goodbye she would be crushed.
Once again, Slade’s bangle sounded. He excused himself from the group and vanished, leaving Annalise and Finlay alone.
The guardian took the opportunity to look over at her with a knowing smile, “Go on, Anna. You know you want to go talk to the mortal.”
“No,” she disagreed with a shake of her head.
“Anna.”
“What?”
He took her face in his hands and made her look at him again, “Go Anna. If Leon gets back you may not have the chance.”
She could see the seriousness in his eyes and hear it in his voice. Finlay was right. Even though she had tried to fight the pull that was drawing her back to the mortal world, she wanted so badly to go. Annalise had never broken the rules before and she had to figure out why it had occurred. 
“Thank you,” she said and placed her hands on his in return. She leaned over and gave him a chaste kiss on the forehead before tapping her bangle and teleporting to the mortal world.

Chapter Four 


Ash

Ash slammed a handful of gems on the table and gave a short nod to his bookie. He needed to blow off some steam, and he couldn’t think of anything better than gambling away his fight winnings. The blonde man smirked before taking the gems and put Ash’s name on the list.
“Bad day?” he asked as he gave Ash his share of chips to play with. Ash took his gambling chips and grumbled. He couldn’t sit still. He hadn’t been able to sleep in two days, it was like energy and new life was constantly surging through his body. He couldn’t explain it, but something was off and it worried him.
“The craziest, Finlay. You have no idea.”
The man flipped his hat down lower over his eyes and leaned in close. 
“Better snap out of it Ash or they will take advantage of you,” he nodded toward the table in the other room. “Zander is playing tonight; he’s just itching at the chance to win back all his money.” Ash ran his hands through his hair and sighed. It had been a rough couple of days, maybe playing cards was not the best thing to do right now. His emotions were out for everyone to see. He put his chips back on the table.
“Count me out.” 
Finlay nodded and put his gems back on the table. “Good call friend, let’s get a drink and relax tonight, stay away from the ring too. You look pretty awful; fighting won’t do you any better.”
Ash had known Finlay for years, since he started coming to the eighth layer. He had taken him under his wing, shown him the ropes. If it hadn’t been for Finlay, Ash would have probably been killed that first day. He had never traveled past the third layer before. Unless it was on assignment, the keepers were forbidden from going to the lowest layers.  He could still remember that first trip like it was yesterday. After an unusually rough assignment, Ash had somehow found himself jumping in a ship and traveling down. He had never seen anything so exciting before. His first day, he had joined in on a ring fight. No one knew about his keeper training, and they were unprepared for how fast and strong he was. After walking away with a pocket full of gems; Finlay had offered to buy him a drink. Finlay was a local; he took the bets and called the shots. Ethereal Underground was one of the most popular bars, not only because below in the basement it hosted a fighting arena and a gambler’s fantasy, but also because above was the perfect place to blend in and forget about the hard knocks of life. Ash trusted Finlay more than he had trusted most of the keepers. The man had his back, and had proven it many times over the years. When Ash’s mouth got a little bit too cocky with the locals, Finlay was right there ready to fight. When Ash had drunk too much, and couldn’t get home in time before the lights went out, Finlay was right there ready to take him home. Ash had never told Finlay what he did during the day, but he believed that he had an idea. After a few years, Ash had started to spend more time in the eighth layer and less time at the keeper conservatory on the surface. He wasn’t sure how he had gotten away with it for so long, but no one seemed to ask questions when he snuck out at night. In recent months, he had begun to wonder why so many people were forced to live underground while the surface was vacant. Many people believed it was because of safety; after all, the entire planet was smack dab right in the middle of a war zone between dozens of planets. Ash had recently come to a different conclusion. The other day his suspicions were confirmed when he heard how the Officials talked. He now understood that the Officials kept the citizens oppressed because they were easier to control. Ash tried to push the rebellious thoughts from his mind. He didn’t want to become a radical.
“Ash, you in there?” Finlay snapped his fingers right in front of his face, knocking Ash out of his thoughts.
“Yeah Fin, sorry, let’s go get that drink.” They walked up the metal staircase that led to a doorway in the back of the Ethereal Underground.  Once again Ash inhaled that familiar smell of fruity smoke and sweat. This place felt like home. The two of them made their way towards their usual table in the corner. No one else sat there, it was always open and ready for them. Once they took their seats, Ash looked around for Arie. She normally came by in the evenings, and he had been trying his best to avoid her and her pestering questions. He watched as Finlay grabbed a waitress by the waist and whispered in her ear. Finlay was smoother than Ash would ever be. The waitress giggled in response before moving on slowly to the next table.
“She’s getting us some ale. “ Finlay grinned as he watched her walk away. Finely took off his cap and ran his fingers through his dirty blonde hair.
“This place is pretty dead tonight, huh?” Ash noticed, looking around. There were no more than a dozen or so people at the bar. 
“No big games downstairs,” Finlay said without a pause. “Speaking of which, I never see you here on a working night….”
Ash knew where he was headed, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to talk about it quite yet. The fact that he had no job right now or the fact that he couldn’t get the image of a blonde girl out of his head. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t shake her lovely face, even though the image wasn’t clear.
“I’m taking a sabbatical.”
“From?” Finlay pushed for an answer.  Ash didn’t say anything, and frankly was relieved when the waitress interrupted with the ale.
“Thanks sweetheart.” Finlay winked at the girl, making her almost spill the drinks. The girls here went crazy over Finlay’s good looks. They melted under his hazel gaze. She threw her fake blonde hair behind her shoulders and put her serving tray on the table. She let out a small giggle before throwing herself on Finlay’s lap. “Anytime for you, Fin.” She put her arms around the man’s neck and looked over at Ash waiting for the usual flirty banter, but this time nothing came.
Ash stared at the table, his hands on his drink. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t ignore any of the waitresses, but tonight he just wasn’t in the mood. He couldn’t take his mind off of the other night.
Noticing the awkward silence, the waitress shrugged before getting up and walking off. “Let me know if you need anything else.” 
“That was awkward…” Finlay slowly spit out. “What is it with you tonight, man? I’ve never seen you so…unflirtable with a waitress before.” He paused to give a few females a wave before focusing back on his friend. 
Ash took a sip from the silver colored mug and sighed, he needed to get it this off his chest, and he couldn’t talk about it with Arie. The keepers had all but cut him off; Finlay was all he had right now.
“I think I’m dead.”
Finlay almost spit out his drink before leaning in closer across the table.
“Come again, old friend?”
“I think I’m dead. I mean I got into a fight the other night and the guy put a sword through me. Straight through me.” Ash put his hands on that familiar spot where it had gone through his chest. It sounded crazy coming out of his mouth, and he waited for Finlay to start laughing at any moment. 
“When I woke- the wound was gone.”
Finlay pursed his lips together. “Man, I think you are smoking that mutant stuff in the hookah again. I told you to stay away from that stuff.” 
Ash shook his head. He didn’t partake in drugs; he patrolled the trade ships so they couldn’t get in.
Ash had even considered the possibility that it was all a dream, but Arie had seen him get hurt too.  “I don’t think so.”
He decided to change the subject before Finlay started to spread rumors about his sanity. He didn’t want to tell him about how he had saw the water float or even seeing what was supposed to be a fallen mythical creature. He pulled out the small piece of parchment from his pocket, the one with the blonde girl’s face on it. He had sketched everything he could remember about her, scared her face would fade from his memory. Her bright blue eyes hovering above him, her smooth skin shining like the suns; it was all impressed in his memory. 
“Have you seen this girl before?”
Finlay took the parchment and held in a small chuckle when he saw the face. He did a bad job of hiding his emotions, too. 
“You know her!” Ash exclaimed. He was excited, maybe he could introduce them. How well did Finlay know her? The jealous thought left as quickly as it entered. He didn’t even know the girl. He was going crazy over some girl from a dream.
“No, sorry friend. Never seen her before. But she looks good. Who is she?” He gave back the parchment.
Ash, somewhat disappointed, folded it back up. “No one- just some girl I saw here.”
This statement caused another snicker from Finlay. It was obvious that he was trying to hold it all in. Was he making fun of him?  Finlay covered his mouth with his hand.
“What the moons, man.” 
Finlay held out his hands in surrender. “I am seriously sorry, just- listen, all will be explained in due time, just be patient.”
Ash raised his eye brow, “When have you ever known me to be patient.” He didn’t know what Finlay meant, but he decided to let it go.
“Hello.” 
Ash looked up just in time to see Arie slide into the seat next to him. Her red hair was pulled tightly into a bun on the top of her head and she wore a slim fitting black dress.
“What are you dressed up for?” he asked Arie.
Finlay let out a low whistle which caused a hateful glare from not only Arie, but Ash too. 
“I was working. I had to go undercover,” she told them. She reached over to steal a sip from Ash’s drink. Finlay raised his hand to have the waitress bring Arie her own drink.
“Tell me Arie,” Finlay began “How is it a woman as beautiful as you has yet to get snatched up?” 
Ash leaned back in his seat and grumbled.  Finlay could flirt as much as he liked, Arie was not into games. She was straightforward, honest and a true believer in love. From the way she always talked about her parents, they had been madly in love. A prime example of what Arie wanted out of life. When her mother died, Sasha didn’t take it very well. That was when the drinking became more frequent. Losing the love of his life had really taken its toll on him.
“Your mind games don’t work on me. I’m not like those illiterate, fake waitresses you normally hook up with,” Arie told Finlay. Ash snickered quietly. She always spoke her mind.
 Ash let his mind wander from the current conversation. To his relief, Arie seemed too engaged with Finlay to bother bugging him about what had happened the other night. He just wanted to find the blonde girl from the other night, if he could find her; maybe she would be able to give him some answers on what had happened. His curiosity had been eating away at him, and the next time he had a chance he was thinking about sneaking back up to the keeper conservatory to speak with his old partner. Jedzia knew every legend about their world inside out. Maybe she would be able to figure out why he was still alive.  Ash took another swig of his drink in hopes that pretty soon all of his troubles would disappear. 
All of a sudden, he felt a prickling sensation moving up the back of his neck. He had the strangest feeling that the mystery girl was nearby. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he stood up and started to look around just the same. He threw a few gems on the table for his drink.
“I’ve got to run, Fin, I’ll see you around. Later, Arie.”
 Without taking his eyes off his surroundings, he made his way to Arie’s favorite spot in the bar, the metal staircase railing. If she was here, he would certainly be able to see her from up there.




Annalise
She watched him from her spot across the bar in the Ethereal Underground. This wasn’t a place Annalise had ever been before, and she had made sure her wings were hidden when she arrived. The moment she had laid eyes on him, however, she also made herself invisible. She wanted to watch this boy, the one who had flipped her whole world upside down, try to figure out what he was all about before she approached him. He had spent most of the night with Finlay which was surprising to her. She knew that her fellow seraph frequented the place, but he fit in so incredibly well one would have thought he was mortal. It was something she could only hope she could do herself. She had never been around the mortals, except for reaping and healing as needed, watching them in her globe when Leon wasn’t around and she had some free time. However, she just needed to blend in enough to get across the room to the mortal and figure out what was going on. A girl joined them as well, one that Finlay was flirting with, but Annalise could tell that the mortal was protective over her. The redhead was the same one that had been walking the streets with him, minutes before he had been stabbed by the fallen’s sword. She bit back her irritation at the girl and turned her attention back to Ash, who was walking away from them. The air here was thick and smoky, unnatural to her in the worst way, and it made it difficult for her to breathe. 
When she had taken Finlay’s advice and came to find the mortal, it hadn’t occurred to her what she would say. Should she walk right up to him and demand that he tell her what kind of trick he pulled, or should she hide in the shadows and see if she could figure out what he was up to? Controversy had never been her strong point, never being one to confront others and leaving that up to Leon. But she had gotten herself into this and she was determined to show everyone that she was mature enough to handle her own problems.
Letting herself shimmer into reality, she followed a few steps behind the young man up the staircase. Her eyes were glued to the back of his head as she followed him, mind blank and focused solely on keeping him in her sites. Once they reached the top of the stairs, she reached out to tap him on the shoulder, but he turned on his heels as if he sensed her presence and stared at her. He stopped in his tracks, taking her in as she tried to catch her breath. She felt herself lose her senses for a moment, looking into his beautiful blue eyes as they tried to place her. 
“It’s you,” he said simply, not giving her much information to go on.
“Annalise,” she replied, as if explaining everything, but unable to say anything else. This was a bad idea she decided. Being this close to him alive showed her he wasn’t just a boy, he was a man, strong and cunning, everything she was not. She couldn’t believe she was doing this. It was such a bad idea. She was out of her element and if the fallen were to attack, she would be….
“Annalise,” he repeated, her name rolling off his tongue made her blush slightly for an unknown reason, as he stood up a little straighter, composing himself, and making her feel even smaller than she already was, “you are more beautiful than I remember. I’m Ash, small time star in the galaxy. Welcome to my territory.” 
Before she could reply, he had his hand at her waist, leading her the other way towards a series of tables. She followed him willingly, even though she was more conscious that she was still clad in her pale pink polka dotted dress. It made her stand out among the other patrons, several species of women wearing completely different ensembles were looking at her oddly. Thankfully this was the only mortal she had ever shown herself to, so no one else knew what she was. 
Ash paused at one of the tables, pulling out a chair and motioning to it. Annalise furrowed her eyebrows and looked back at him, confused, “You are the ruler here?” She was so very confused; she had been told he was a keeper. They were not rulers, they were enforcers.
He gave a little laugh and took her hand, not answering her question, leading her to the seat and forcing her to sit in it as he took a seat across from her. Ash cleared his throat before he spoke and nodded, “Quite the star actually; fight winner, jewel gatherer…you name it, I have it wrapped around my fingers.”
“Your fingers?” Annalise questioned, leaning closer to him to observe his fingers, “But I do not see anything there.”
“You’re not from around here are you?”
“Definitely not.”
Annalise was surprised when he reached over to play with the hem of her skirt, “This is a color you don’t see every day, where did you get this?”
“From the market where I am from,” she said, slapping his hand to make him stop. Every time he touched her, it seemed as if her brain couldn’t function properly. She would forget her reasoning for coming here.
He frowned at her, obviously bothered by her smacking him, but she did not know why he insisted on touching her clothing. “What are you?” he demanded suddenly as he leaned over on his elbows. 
It took her aback, his blatant questioning of her as if she had any reason to tell him anything. She had always been taught not to tell mortals anything about the seraphs, but this one had her questioning everything she had ever learned.  She leaned back in her seat, uncomfortable at the closeness of him. “I do not know exactly what you are meaning. I have come here to ask you the same thing. What is it that you have done to me?”
“Done to you? I’m the one who woke up from being stabbed with a sword with no sign of a wound and you straddling me,” he laughed, pulling a piece of parchment from his clothing and setting it on the table. “Which of course you are more than welcome to do again if you’d like another shot,” he said as he unrolled the paper and slid it across the table to her.
Not catching on to his innuendo, she took the parchment from him and saw the sketching of her face. She let out a shocked breath, rolled it back up and held it to her chest, “You must never show this to anyone.”
“No worries darling, you answer my questions, and I will show you around. Like I said, this place is all mine, and you are just in luck that I am free tonight.”
Annalise eyed him curiously, not sure what to make of him. One minute he was kind and playful and the next he was upset and demanding. From what Finlay had told her, he was not at all as powerful as he was saying he was. “I will not tell you anything about myself,” she said clearly with a wave of her hands.
“Come on, whatever this is that’s happened between us is out of this world. You can’t just keep it to yourself,” he insisted, blue eyes boring into her.
She dropped her eyes to the table and away from the intensity of his gaze. He was making her uncomfortable. “There is no reason I should tell you anything. You are the one who has bewitched me.”
“Bewitched you?!” he exclaimed, a smile coming over his face, “Darling, you haven’t seen nothing yet.”
“I must go,” Annalise said and shook her head, “It was a bad idea to come here.” He wasn’t cooperating with her at all, not even answering her questions. 
As she stood up to leave, he reached out to grab her wrist, “Wait.”
She looked down at him in shock and grimaced, “You are being difficult and I am not going to waste my time here.”
“Don’t be so worried,” he said. His voice grew serious and the smile faded from his face, “You can trust me. I’m not going to tell anyone anything. Do you think I want others to think I’m crazy?”
Annalise paused for a minute and considered her options. If she left now, none of her questions would be answered. She would have no reason as to why she would betray her people and save this mortal. If she stayed with him and gave him information on herself, it would help them both figure out what had happened. It was obvious to her that he was just as confused as she was. However, she would try to take control of the situation and keep him from trying to distract her with his silly comments and gestures. 
Sitting back down, she looked him directly in the eye and whispered, “I am a seraph. I am sure you have heard of us.”
“I knew it,” he said, a smile taking over his face, “Whatever you’ve come back here for, just know I’m not interested.”
“I want to know why I saved your life when I was supposed to take it,” she said bluntly, shaking her head in confusion and irritated that he was being so nonchalant about the whole thing. 
“You did what? What are you?”
“I told you, I am a seraph. A reaper to be exact.”
“So you are a soul saver?” he asked, laughing as he said it. 
“Do not laugh at me. You should be thankful.” How could he not see that he was supposed to die, and that without her, he would be dead this very moment? He was acting as if something serious had not happened just a couple of days before.
“Oh I am darling, happy to live another day and be able to show you around this place,” Ash said as he stood up from his chair abruptly and almost fell over.
Annalise teleported without thinking, finding herself behind him and grasping for him before he fell. Their eyes met and she jumped back from him, confused at why she was so quick to make sure he was okay. “I do not need you to show me around anywhere,” she said defensively, irritated with him for not staying on topic, “I just want you to answer my question.”
“I will tell you everything you need to know,” he insisted, taking her hand and leading her over to the bar. He sat down and she did the same, still keeping her eyes on him so he didn’t disappear. He leaned over the counter and demanded to see the owner of the bar and turned back to her, “I know the owner, she makes me special drinks and makes sure I have a spot at the bar.”
“Quite impressive,” Annalise said with a smile, even though she never again intended to drink that horrible substance that Finlay had tricked her into tasting. She hoped that mortal drinks tasted better.  
A small lady floated over to where they were and Annalise couldn’t help but reach out to Ash’s arm to ground herself. She had never seen a race of mortal such as this lady before, and she wasn’t sure if she was welcome in her bar. 
“Maize, I need the usual for myself and some simple Jadza fruit for my friend here,” Ash said, flashing a smile at the bar owner and then looking over at Annalise.
“No problem Ash, not too much going on tonight so whatever you are up to, don’t cause a scene. I don’t need any trouble here with such a small crowd,” the small woman said, moving over to make their drinks.
“Thank you,” Annalise said as she lowered her eyes down to the counter top and removed her hand from his arm. It was a gesture she would have had with Leon, grabbing his arm for comfort, and even though this Ash was mortal, he gave off the same air that he would keep her safe. She wasn’t sure she liked that.
“It’s no problem, it’s a small favor for saving my soul back there,” he laughed, “I knew I wasn’t supposed to die that day.”
“But you were,” she interjected insistently, ignoring his boastful attitude, “I saw it. That is my job as a reaper. I take the souls and I place them in the Grand Hall.” She threw her hand over her mouth, aware that she was saying too much and turned her attention back to Maize who had brought their drinks over and sat them in front of them.
“It’s on the house,” she smiled, but then looked over at Annalise and gave a sigh. “Watch this one,” and with that she turned around to serve the other customers nearby.
Annalise reached for her drink, trusting in the young man to have ordered something good for her. She took a sip, pleased with the juicy taste that filled her mouth, similar to the fruits that were in her realm but different as well. “This is delicious, thank you.”
“You’re welcome. Do you normally eat and drink things?”
“I do not require such things as that and sleep, only for recreation and also for replenishing my spirit when I have exhausted it,” she explained as she took another sip. It was delicious indeed. Just a hint of sour.
“That would make life easier, running on no sleep. That’s how I’ve been for two days now. I’ve not slept at all since you healed me.”
Annalise let out a small giggle despite herself, amused yet confused that he could stay up without sleeping. She had been sleeping for the past few days and it was as if they had traded places for that time.
He raised an eyebrow at her outburst, as though he was not completely sure what to think of her. Even she wasn’t sure what to think of herself and her sudden outpouring of laughter. She tried to make her face serious as she spoke again, “It is not healthy for mortals to go without sleep. It-”
“I don’t know that I would drink too much of that if I were you, sweetheart,” a voice rang out from behind her.  A large hand reached over her to the drink in front of her and took it away. She turned her head to see a familiar face, she couldn’t help but smile.
“I can take care of myself just fine, Finlay.”
“Is that right?” he asked, downing the drink and placing the now empty glass back on the counter as he eyed Ash disappointingly, “That’s a good amount of alcohol in there. I’m surprised she couldn’t taste it.”
“You said that you didn’t know who she was,” Ash exclaimed, standing up from his seat at the bar and earning a clearing of the throat from the bar owner.
Finlay put his hands up in front of him in defense but couldn’t hide the amused grin that crept over his face, “Relax friend, some things have to be kept quiet until the time is right. I couldn’t very well go around giving out a secret that isn’t mine, now could I?” He put an arm around Annalise’s shoulders and leaned in to her with a laugh.
“Why would you put that filth in my drink?” Annalise asked, confusion showing on her face and interrupting their conversation. She did not care that the two of them were friends, this was unacceptable to her. 
“Because he wants to take advantage of you,” Finlay laughed.
“He what?” she asked with confusion, looking up at her friend. 
Ash interrupted with a quickly mumbled, “Nothing,” as if to dismiss the accusations and once again took hold of Annalise’s hand. He pulled her off of the bar stool and away from Finlay. 
“Annalise,” Finlay said with a sigh and a shake of his head, “I should have prepared you in advance for this. I’m truly sorry, I have failed you.”
“What are you talking about?” Ash spat, not giving her the chance to answer.
“I believe I’m talking to our little blonde over there,” Finlay said with a laugh.
Annalise peered around Ash’s large form and looked at him. She was having a difficult time understanding the dynamics that were going on. She certainly did not need protecting from Finlay because he was her friend. If anything, she needed protecting from the mortal. She tried to pull her hand away from his to no avail. Ash looked back at her as if to ask her to stop and the two of them turned their eyes back to the blonde guardian seraph.
“You have not failed me, Finlay. I just do not understand what you mean,” Annalise said.
“Here, a quick lesson in mortals. Let’s call it Mortals 101.” Finlay held up a hand, three fingers up in the air as he used his other hand to count them, “Number one: Do not take anything they say literally. You really need to work on this. Number two: Always assume the mortal has another motive. They usually do. Number three: If they try to kiss you, always kiss them back.”
Annalise rolled her eyes, “I am not kissing a mortal.”
“Suite yourself, my dear. If that’s all you got out of that lesson, then we have a problem already,” he said, eyes moving to Ash. 
The two of them looked at each other for a moment before Ash forced  the blonde girl behind him and stood up tall, “Listen, what we do is none of your business. What is your problem Fin?”
“Actually,” Finlay said, stepping closer to Ash and letting the smile fade from his face, “what you two do is one hundred percent my business.”
“I can’t believe you are going to stand there and try to take control of this situation. It’s not your place.  You are a liar and you’ve betrayed me,” Ash accused.
Annalise cocked her head to the side, partially confused at the way they were acting and finding herself getting irritated as well. Finlay was her friend, it was okay if he wanted to stand up for her if the keeper was trying to poison her drink and she was still unsure if she could trust Ash. She knew one thing for sure, that she did not want either of them hurting themselves or the other one. Finlay would not hesitate to fight the mortal, she knew that for a fact, and he would destroy Ash if he got too wrapped up in it. If the mortal was hurt, she would never have her answers. Opening up her hands at her sides, she felt the power flow through her body; that warm tingling sensation taking her over as a thick rain began to fall on the brunette in front of her. There was no cloud, no sky for it to come from, but she thought if she could snap him out of it, they could talk about what she really came here for: answers. 
Bursting out into laughter at the drenched keeper, Finlay couldn’t help but comment, “She sure cooled you off.”
She expected Ash to turn around and chastise her; that was what she normally got from males when she stood her ground. However, the keeper turned around, shocked blue eyes boring into hers full of questions, “How did you do that?”
“It is an affinity I have. I can create water.”
“Annalise, something has happened,” he said and brought up one hand to hold it over his now drenched clothing. 
Annalise wasn’t sure what he was going to show her, probably just wipe the water off his clothing. However, what happened next shocked her completely, and further threw off everything that she thought she knew about the universe. The droplets on his clothes began to gather in places, struggling to compose themselves and shaking as it happened, but some of them lifted off of him as he looked at her as if she should explain something to him. She had nothing to say. No mortal should be able to control the elements. No species could do such a thing but the seraphs, and Ash certainly was not a one of her kind. Determined to find out how he could do such a thing, she did the only thing she could think of.
“Oh dear me,” Annalise exclaimed and reached out to grab his shirt frantically, “We need to go. We have to figure out what this means.” 
Finlay shot his arm out, as if to stop them, his eyes frantic. “Wait, don’t do that here-“ 
But before he could stop her, she teleported both of them out of the Ethereal Underground.




Chapter Five



Ash

The world around him was spinning, a blur of colors and lines blending together without shape. Ash felt a tugging inside of him as Annalise grabbed him tighter. It only took a split second, but he felt nauseous. It reminded him of times when he was younger, he and the other keepers used to spin around in circles for as long as they could before their sprinting exercises. When the feeling stopped, he leaned over to put his hands on his knees and struggled to catch his breath. The last thing he wanted to do was vomit right here in front of this pretty girl. It wasn’t like he hadn’t already made a fool of himself. He couldn’t help it. The second he saw her, he wanted to impress her. He could have slapped himself when he had told her this was his territory. He cringed at the memory. It was obvious that the poor girl had grown up way more sheltered than he had. She didn’t even seem to understand most of his wit. Taking a slow breath, Ash stood up gently. 
“What in the…unnamed worlds…did you do to me?” he cried. He took a step away from her, scared. He didn’t recognize any of his surroundings. There was light shining down from above but no sun. The land was green and beautiful. It looked like nothing he had ever seen before. The surface he grew up on was dark and dead and empty, this place was breathtaking. The air smelled clean, there were clouds and flowers and even a clear stream running beside the tree line.
“Where are we?” He reached out to run his hand along a huge brown plant that was growing out of the ground. It was rough, but felt sturdy. He recalled seeing a picture of these things in books. They were once called trees. The brown, rough stalk morphed into a mesh of green and yellow shapes that covered the top of the tree. He bent down to rub his hands along the green ground. It was soft and slightly wet. Ash ran over to the water and dipped his hands inside.  He had never seen water so clear, it sparkled like diamonds when the light reflected off of it. Had she taken him to some distant planet? All of the planets in their vicinity were just like his home world.  They were obscure, dying and virtually extinct. The wars had all but destroyed them. 
“This is my home, and you should not be here. We should go.” She looked around with nervous eyes. “I could not think of anywhere else to go.”
“Why, I say…” Ash smirked, “Are you afraid to be alone with me?”
“I can take care of myself,” she told him boldly. Ash nodded and leaned against the tree.
“Well, what are we going to do? You brought me here.”
Annalise put her hands on her temple and closed her eyes. “Give me a second; I am trying to figure this out. Why do you have my affinity now? Why did I heal you? What is it about you?”
Ash pulled a red fruit from the tree and took a bite of the sweet flesh. It tasted similar to some of the fruit he had back home, but sweeter.
“Come on. Your feelings are normal. I make many of the females…excited,” he joked, but all he got in return was confusion in her eyes.  He didn’t want the poor girl to worry. Obviously, something was wrong. But he knew exactly who to talk to. Whenever he had gotten in trouble in the past, Jedzia had been the one to help him get back on track. His partner was obsessed with alien races. She always talked about the seraph and fallen myths, if anyone knew what was going on, it would be her.
“Chin up blondie. I don’t know your answers. But I told you I would tell you everything you need to know, and I will, when I find out myself, but for now I want my own questions answered. Got it?” He didn’t mean to be so sharp with her, but he was used to taking charge. He often led missions as a keeper, and this felt just like another one of them.
He watched her blonde head bob up and down in agreement before walking up close beside him and sitting in the shade under the tree. He sat down also, just now noticing how hot it was. In the underground, the temperature was always cold. This was a pleasant change in scenery.
“Listen, I don’t think I was supposed to die the other night. I know it, I could feel it. Did you ever think that you saved me because you were tired of taking souls when you could save them?” He paused, but when she didn’t answer, he continued talking. 
“I can move water- control it now- but it’s very hard. I’ve only been able to do it once before I showed you. It feels stronger when you are around- and who in the world is Finlay really?” His mind was spinning with a million questions all at once. He couldn’t decide what to ask, but Finlay was his friend. Was he a seraph also?
“Finlay is the same as me, but a guardian,” she replied. She turned to look at him with her serious blue eyes. Every time she did that, he couldn’t help but want to grab her shoulders and kiss her. He wanted to melt into her and let the rest of the world fall apart around them. Luckily, he had learned a great restraint over the years and decided against it. Finishing off his last bite of the fruit, he grabbed her hand. She looked so frightened; all he wanted to do was comfort her.  He bet that she had never broken any rules before in her entire life. Giving her hand a quick squeeze, he gave her one of his signature winks. She lowered her eyes to the ground in shock. Great, he thought, he would have to remember to tone it down so he didn’t scare her off.
“Finlay lied to me. I can’t believe this; I bet everything that has ever come out of his mouth has all been lies.” 
“Listen,” she started, moving closer to him, speaking barely above a whisper. She was interrupted by the sound of a man’s voice in the distance.
“Anna,” it called.
“Who is that?” Ash jumped up, but didn’t let go of her hand. He gently pulled her up next to him. He didn’t know who it was, but he remembered that mortals were not supposed to be here and didn’t want to get her in trouble.
In the distance, a man with light brown hair and green eyes fell from the sky only a few dozen yards away. He started walking toward them; his face was darker and serious. Another seraph perhaps? The man was still far away, but he could tell the look on his face wasn’t a happy one. Ash felt Annalise pull her hand from his grip to cover her mouth.
“Leon…” He heard her gasp. She took a step back, almost tripping over a tree root. Ash instinctively reached out to catch her. 
“Ash, we need to leave now. Do you have anywhere safe I can teleport us?” she spoke frantically with fear in her eyes. He didn’t even need to think before answering.
“The surface, a place called the nook,” he told her, his eyes not leaving the seraph walking toward them. The man looked at Ash, a wave of confusion passing over his face. Whoever this seraph was, Annalise obviously didn’t want to be near him right now. Ash tried to push her behind him. He just wanted to protect her. Last time he went up against an immortal being, he had lost.  This time he would be more prepared for the strength and agility of the immortal races. 
“Anna?” Leon was only a few yards away now. He held his hand out as he got closer. Ash felt Annalise grab him from behind. He closed his eyes, anticipating the feeling before she ripped them away from time and space.  He was a bit more prepared this time as everything spun around him. As soon as he felt the ground reappear beneath his feet, he put his hands out in front of him to try and keep his balance. Annalise held him up tightly from behind, not allowing him to fall over.
“Take a deep breath. Your body is not made for this type of travel.” He felt her place her hand on his back as he struggled not to lose his stomach. Inhaling slowly through his nose, he stood up and looked around. She had taken him right to the spot that had been in his mind. This place was as familiar as the back of his hand. It was the section of the surface where all the keepers lived, the place where he had grown up, and the place where the people he trusted had given up on him and had cast him out. He looked around at the tall metal buildings. This place was so different from the world Annalise had just shown him. There was no greenery or trees or flowers. The sky was dark except for the moons that shone from the highest point in the sky. It was late, so he knew most of the keepers would already be in bed. The buildings all looked alike, each was a two story home with two rooms and a kitchen, yet he knew the occupant of each small home. They stood in front of Jaron’s home. The two of them had grown up together, trained together and eventually grown apart. Jaron wanted power, he had wanted to become an Official.  Ash wanted freedom. The two men fought constantly to get the best jobs and over who got various promotions. In the past year, they had only spoken a few words.  Ash suspected that Jaron might have been the one who had tattled on his nightly extracurricular activities, but he wasn’t positive. He pushed Annalise back into the shadows as he noticed a curtain moving along one of Jaron’s windows. Taking Annalise’s hand, he pulled her behind him toward Jedzia’s building. Her home wasn’t far, but he still tried to move as quickly as possible. He didn’t want to get caught lurking around in the shadows. Keepers killed first in the nook, asked question later. Sneaking into the nook without clearance was punishable by death. Then again, the keepers punished everything with death. The entire place was quite, except for the faint sounds of ships high in the sky. Not too many local people were allowed passage off the planet, but enough travelers and traders came and went from other planets. The nook was surrounded by a force field to protect them, so he wasn’t worried about an attack from one of the ships.
“Where are you taking us?” Annalise cried, trying to stop him. Ash spun around on his heel and quickly put his hand over her lips. Her skin was soft and smoother than any humans. He made a small motion to be quiet. He had no doubt that Annalise could transport them away quickly if they were caught, but he didn’t want to take the chance on not getting out in time. If the keepers had a seraph, who knows what kind of things they would do to her. Darting between the buildings, he finally saw Jedzia’s home. He wondered if she knew whether the Officials had made their decision. He did regret that he had not asked her the other day about everything she knew. Now he was risking everyone’s safety by bringing an outsider to the nook.
“This is an old friend’s home,” he whispered “she may know what has happened to me and may be able to help.”
He looked at the emptiness around him for signs of movement. He tried to ignore the empty home to the right of Jedzia’s, the place where he had once lived. A loneliness he didn’t know existed tugged at his heart. If he was never allowed back home, this could be the last time he saw this place.  When he was certain no one was around, he crept up to the front door and knocked twice as softly as he could. Like most of the keepers, Jedzia had a heightened sense of her surroundings. No doubt she had heard his movements already. He prepared for the worst as the door cracked open. He wasn’t sure if she would slam it in his face or invite him in. Her head peeked from behind the door, barely opening it.
“Come in,” she whispered, but the door didn’t open any further. Still a bit wary, Ash squeezed through the opening of the front door. He didn’t let go of Annalise’s hand, but she pulled back as he tried to pull her along with him. He turned around to see what the holdup was. She was hesitant to go into a stranger’s home. He looked into her eyes.
“Annalise, trust me. You will be safe here.”
It took a few moments, but she reluctantly followed him through the crack. Ash bowed his head to his former partner. Even though it had only been a few days since he saw her last, she looked older and even more beautiful than he remembered. Her long black hair fell in soft waves on the sides of her round face, and she wasn’t in her normal keeper uniform. She had on a plain black tunic. Her eyes were filled with adoration. He didn’t even realize how much he had missed her until this moment. Jedzia lowered her head in return.
“Ash, you shouldn’t be here. Until the keepers make their final decision, you can’t be seen on the surface.” Her brown eyes held worry for her old friend. 
“Have you heard anything?” he asked Jedzia.
She gave him a reassuring smile. “You are one of our best keepers. Everyone makes mistakes, plus I told you, you aren’t the only keeper who has snuck off to hang out in one of the underground layers. They know you won’t be the last. It’s just what your excursions caused that-”
Ash made a loud coughing noise and nodded towards Annalise. The seraph didn’t know much about why he was in trouble, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to share all of the details just yet. Jedzia nodded to let him know that she understood. They were connected like that; it was what made them such great partners.
“I don’t want to get you in trouble, but I- we- need your help.” Ash gestured toward Annalise.
Jedzia’s eyes scanned over the stranger in her home. She was the smartest keeper he knew. History, fighting, flying, she was the best at everything. If anyone knew what had happened to him, it was her.
“Anna- you need to show her who you are. You can trust her,” he urged. He silently hoped that she would believe him. Annalise just stood there, only taking a step back to turn and glare at Ash. 
Fine, be that way, he thought. “Jedzia, something has happened to me. I was hoping you might have some insight into what it is. You’re the smartest person I know and trust.”
Jedzia smiled and took a step closer to him. She put her hand to his cheek, it was soft and warm to the touch. Ash closed his eyes and smiled. Her touch was always comforting.
 “Anything for you, my partner,” Jedzia told him. Ash took an uncomfortable step back, and hoped she wouldn’t be offended. He had once thought about getting permission from the Officials to take Jedzia as his own. Eventually all keepers grew old and settled down, but the idea never sat right with him. It was expected, since she had been his partner for so many years, but that was a lifestyle he never wanted. He was sure that she felt a feeling of exile and criticism when her partner was banished as a keeper, and for that he was truly sorry. But he never wanted to hide who he was and what he loved. He loved being with regular people, doing regular things. He loved the attention and the gems. As a keeper, he had questioned too much. The keepers had told him that he didn’t have the greater good at heart when they had banished him. Maybe they were right. Maybe he wasn’t good enough to be a keeper. He had broken too many oaths.
“I died, or I guess I was supposed to die- at the hands of a fallen,” he began. He spoke slowly to let her take it all in, and get over the shock of what he was saying.
“You’re kidding right? A fallen. The fallen are extinct.”  Jedzia started to pace like she normally did when she got excited.
“No. They are not. They are very much…not extinct,” Annalise piped in from where she stood. “A very bad fallen name Loki put his weapon through Ash, and I was supposed to take his soul, but I could not.”
Jedzia stopped mid-pace. “You- that means- oh my- that means you’re a- and he’s a?” She didn’t finish a single phrase.
“I am a seraph. Yes.” Annalise smiled.
Jedzia rushed over to her table and sat down. “This is a lot to take in,” she muttered.
Ash smiled, he knew he could count on her to believe him. He motioned for Annalise to come closer, but she still wouldn’t move away from her spot by the door. It was as if she was waiting for trouble.
“She saved me- and now something is wrong. I can move water like Annalise, she can do this transport thingy with me to her world and something is off about me. I can feel it deep inside, something is not right. I’ve hardly eaten or slept in days.”
She took a few deep breaths before she began to talk, and like always she knew the answers.
“The seraphs. They were the original inhabitants of this planet. Legends say that when the colonies first came to this planet, the seraphs created their own plane of existence and sealed off the entrance to their world. They were have always been rumored to exist, but I never believed it until now.”
Ash grew a bit impatient. He was afraid the keepers would find out he was here; he didn’t want to stay long. He didn’t want to get Jedzia in trouble. He already knew about the rumors, he wanted to know the secrets.
“Has anyone ever been saved like me?” he urged.
Jedzia shook her head “No, I’ve never even heard the slightest rumor of something like this, but I would assume that if she had saved you, she gave you a portion of her seraph essence. If that is the case, I would be careful. You are now part of a world you were never meant to know.”
As cool as it sounded, he didn’t want to be a seraph. He wanted to rewind his life back a few weeks. Back to a time when he was a keeper during the day, a fighter at the Underground on his nights off, and the biggest trouble he got in was helping Arie catch that month’s criminal. His heart wrenched at the thought of Arie. He hoped that she was staying out of trouble. She was searching for Loki, and he didn’t know how prepared she was for his strength. She was a smart girl though. If she wasn’t fully prepared, she would have never taken the job.
“Why did you save him?” Jedzia bluntly asked Annalise. 
 “I do not know.” 
Ash turned towards the blonde who still stood in the corner of the room; why did she save him? If he was supposed to die like she insisted, would the powers that be send someone else to take him instead?
“Ash- I just wanted to let you know. Jaron…” Jedzia acted nervous, something very unlike her.
“It’s okay, you can say it.” 
“Jaron has been made my new partner. It’s hard fighting with him. Especially when he hates you so much.”
The mention of Jaron’s name sent Ash’s mind into frenzy of emotions. Anger, betrayal, and hurt all mixed into a ball that he just wanted to throw at Jaron to kill him. He shrugged as if he didn’t care.  He knew Jaron would never protect Jedzia like he could have. Jaron would look out for his own interests first and forget about his partner.
“I figured. Jaron has always had his eye on you.”
Jedzia blushed slightly, the rosy glow making her pale skin light up with even more beauty.
“He is a good keeper, but he is hiding something from me. He sneaks off a lot when we are on missions. He spends a lot of time with the alchemist at the conservatory. I don’t know what they are doing. I can’t explain it, but I have the feeling he is into something very bad. I- I just wanted to let you know, so you can stay clear of him.”
Ash understood the instincts a keeper had, and trusted Jedzia’s with all of his being. The alchemists were a coveted species who were also original inhabitants of the world, but the Officials had a few who lived in the conservatory. They were experts on science and the world, but also known for being paranoid. They spelled the keeper blades to make the beholder stronger; they also created a lot of the technology that the keepers used.
“I will. You be careful also. Don’t let him suck you into anything.”
In a split second, Annalise teleported to his side. “Someone’s coming. Ash we need to leave now.”
She desperately clung to his side, trying to pull him out of the chair.
Ash grabbed her tightly; the fear trickled from her body. She was scared, and he could feel it too. 
He turned to say goodbye to Jedzia, but a pounding on the front door stopped him.
“It is them. I can feel it,” Annalise whispered, “It is a fallen.”



Annalise

The words had barely left her lips before the pounding became more insistent. “Please, Ash, we must go, there is no time for pleasantries,” she insisted, wanting to teleport them out of there but also wondering what they would do about his friend. Annalise certainly did not want her to suffer on their behalf, and she was not sure she could teleport the both of them.
Trying to be brave, she turned towards the door and stepped in front of the mortals as the metal material came crashing to the floor. She opened her mouth to try to warn them, get them to understand how serious this was, when the figure walked through the door and confusion crept over her body. Unable to believe what she was seeing before her, she took an unconscious step forward and felt Ash grab her by the arm as if to stop her. 
Inside stepped a tall and athletically built female, clad from head to toe in black, strawberry blonde hair pulled up into a tight ponytail at the top of her head. She had a sword strapped to her back, something that Annalise found odd considering that female seraphs had no use in such weapons. The blonde could feel the fallen energy radiating off the girl in front of her, although she looked much the same as she did when she was a seraph herself. “Endarial,” she whispered, confused at why the girl did not look like a monster as she had been taught the fallen looked like.
“In the flesh,” the fallen smirked, placing her hands on her hips and looking around the room, “Now what do we have here?” Her blue eyes trailed over the room as if she were making it her own with every glance, finally settling on the boy behind her. Annalise lowered her eyebrows, taking a protective step backwards toward Ash. “Well, well, well, looks like we have an almighty seraph mingling with the lowly keepers,” she mocked, eyes locking on Ash’s hand on her arm and giving a laugh, “Oh Leon would not be happy about this would he, Annalise?” 
Annalise glared at her, not wanting to mention that Leon had already seen the two of them together. She could not think of what was going on in his mind, or she would be unable to concentrate on the situation at hand; the thought of Leon made her sad inside. 
“You know this girl?” Ash asked from behind her, “She doesn’t look so tough.”
“She was an acquaintance of mine before she fell. Do not let her looks fool you. The fallen are evil creatures.” This was something she was sure of, even if the girl did not look like a monstrous creature, she knew that Endarial was dangerous. 
Endarial shook her head and rolled her eyes, “What do you know of good and evil? You are so sheltered that I’m surprised you found yourself here with the mortals. And to bring his soul back when it should have been taken, Annalise, tsk tsk.”
Letting her mouth fall open in shock, Annalise pulled her arm from Ash’s grasp and took an angry step forward. “How do you know of these things that have come to pass?” she demanded, blue eyes locked on the fallen in front of her. 
“Because Loki killed this keeper, he is supposed to be dead. Yet, here he is alive and well. The great Loki has chosen me as his partner, the one to help him bring us back into power. You fools have cast us out because you think you are so great, so mighty. Your kind cast me from my home,” Endarial exclaimed, taking a step towards Annalise and balling her fists at her side.
“If you are a fallen, you have no powers,” Jedzia insisted, coming to stand beside of Annalise.
Endarial lowered her head to look up at them through lowered eyelids, “I think you are mistaken.” Before Annalise could warn them to get down, she felt the power radiating somehow from the fallen. Endarial pulled a lighter from her pocket and flicked it open. The fire roared to life, a menacing laugh coming from the fallen as she held up her hand and directed the fire towards the trio in front of her. Annalise threw herself out of the way of the fire and against the far wall as Ash pushed Jedzia to the ground, toppling over with her as she fell and rolling off to the side. 
Continuing to laugh as if this was all a game, Endarial set her eyes on the mortal couple on the ground. Annalise reacted before she could think and threw her arms out in front of her and called on her magic. She felt the rush of energy flow through her body, a gush of water flying out to hit Endarial’s lighter and knock it out of her hands. The fallen glared at her, turning to face her once again, “Your feelings for these mortals will get you killed.”
“How is it that you have become so cold? That you continue to have powers although they were stripped from you?” Annalise demanded, her voice more intense than usual.
The girl held up her hand to show a large red ring on her finger, the black metal enveloping it wrapped around her pale finger. “This was fashioned for me. Each of us has one and it brings back that which you have taken from us. We are still unable to hide our wings, unable to teleport because you have taken our bangles and grounded us.”
“I have done nothing to you,” Annalise insisted, trying to reason with her before more destruction came upon this place. “Please leave us and we will leave you alone.”
Feigning a yawn, Endarial patted her mouth with her palm and looked down at her wrist as if there were a watch there, “I’m so tired of talking,” she said and reached for the hilt of the sword at her back and pulled it from its resting place.
“You have no chance against us. You are just a little girl,” Ash laughed.
“Do not mock her,” Annalise insisted. She looked over to where he stood. He stood in front of his friend in a protective fashion, much like he had done for her on several occasions in the short span of time they had known each other. The way he and Jedzia were around each other had made Annalise uncomfortable. Part of her wished that could have been her that he was protecting at this moment. She had never been in a battle in her life. She had no idea what to do about a sword, but she was the one who was immortal, and she would let him protect his friend. “Stay there, she is dangerous.” Still, as she said this, she saw him reach into his cloak and pull his weapon, steel and shining, and hold it out in front of him. Annalise saw the keeper in him then, ready to fight and win, that excited gleam in his eyes as he did so.
“I will be fine.”
“You do not understand,” Annalise started, wanting to remind him how he was almost killed by a fallen just days before, when she felt a sharp pain in her side. She let out a cry as she looked down at her body, seeing the sharp edge of Endarial’s sword sticking out from her body. It was unlike any pain she had ever felt before, sharp and burning, the fire seeming to spread throughout her body. She would be able to be healed, she assumed, so she was not too concerned. However, she felt herself become unbalanced, falling to the ground. The pain continued to circulate through her body, eliciting gasps from her. 
“Annalise!” she heard Ash exclaim. She looked up and saw Endarial turn her sights toward the boy and let out a laugh. 
It was then that Annalise realized that it was not just the four of them. The fallen female had brought a horde of soldiers with her, and before she could warn the mortals, the large fallen men stepped into the room, their large wings spanning out from their back, each with a different colored ring on their finger, signaling they had control of their powers. Their eyes were black pits, making fear seep into the heart of Annalise. Two of them turned towards her, one of them licking their lips as they marched over to her. She backed away from them, trying to stand up but still feeling weak. Her eyes darted to Ash, still guarding Jedzia as Endarial approached them, her sword held high. Annalise used the last of her strength to send a jet of water at the girl, knocking her to the ground before she could run the sword through the boy. He gave a worried nod to her, but the other two fallen were on him, pulling him away from Jedzia as he protested. 
The other two grabbed Annalise. She tried to fight against them, slip out of their large grasp, but she couldn’t get away.  She had heard horror stories about seraphs being eaten, their powers being absorbed by the fallen, and she did not want to perish. She thought of Leon, the recent increase in fighting between them, and then fleeing from him with Ash in tow. There were so many bad things she had done over the past few days, and she wanted to be able to make them right. She closed her eyes and intended to teleport away from this place, go home so she could be with her counterpart, get back to her normal life. When she opened her eyes, however, she was still being held back by the two fallen. This had never happened before. Why couldn’t she teleport?
“Ash!” she exclaimed, “Something is wrong, I cannot teleport.”  She let the concern show in her eyes as she watched him also struggle against his captors. 
“It’s going to be fine, Annalise,” he said, eyes connecting with hers for a split second before he lunged at the oncoming fallen. Jedzia did the same, the two of them working together to battle the stronger forces opposing them. She had a weapon, a dagger similar the one Ash had, but hers had some sort of symbol on it, and she seemed to be filled with a sort of energy as she lunged forward. 
She was quick and agile, more so than Annalise had anticipated since she was older than Ash was. How was it possible she could be moving so fast? She had thought older mortals were more fragile, but Jedzia was quite the fighter. The fallen threw his fist out towards Ash, but Jedzia was there, pushing him out of the way and shoving her dagger into the larger creature. He let out an anguished cry as it sank into him, Ash coming quickly up behind him and stabbing his own dagger into the fallen’s back. It was as if the two of them were one being, unable to read each other’s minds as far as Annalise knew, but able to work together without a word. She supposed it was all of the years training together that made them such a good team. It made her hope that she could be such a helpful partner to Leon if the time came that she needed to help in battle. 
Pulling their daggers from the fallen as he fell to the floor, they turned their sights on the next one coming. Jedzia jumped up into the air, flipping over the large creature so that the two of them could surround him. 
“You are no match for me,” he growled and reached out to grab Jedzia by the arm. She pushed him away from her before he could close his hand, slamming him into Ash. The boy lifted his dagger up, shoving it into the fallen’s back and letting a smirk take over his face. 
Annalise wanted to beg him again to go, as she suspected the fallen were toying with them. The keepers were really good fighters, she could see that, and she wished she could pry herself from the grip of her captor to help them out. 
One of the males leaned down in front of her and blocked her view from the battle raging on only a few feet away from her, “You, my dear, look absolutely scrumptious. Leon will be so sad to see you dead. And I will make sure he feels every second of your pain.”
“You are a filthy creature. You need to leave here before Leon comes and rips each of you to pieces,” she said, eyeing him and trying not to let him see the fear that she was feeling inside. Maybe if she did not show it, they would leave her be, but it was so hard. Her emotions had been so confusing and out of whack since she had saved Ash.
The sound of metal hitting the floor, a weapon lost, made her freeze. She heard Ash continuing to struggle, and then she no longer heard that either. Only his voice showed any fight in him now, “Don’t you dare touch her. You need to leave before I kill all of you monsters.”
The fallen in front of her smiled, moving to turn his attention to what was going on in front of them. Fear and anger were swirling around Annalise, choking her, making it hard to breathe as she raised her head to see Endarial was backing Jedzia up against the far wall. The older woman was trying to find an escape from the fallen, but there was none. Her dagger was out of her reach, her eyes were searching for a way out as the fallen grabbed her by the throat and lifted her off the ground. 
“Stop! Put her down!” Ash insisted, being held back by two fallen guards. Annalise was caught off guard by the wave of emotions flowing off of him and somehow into her. He was angry, scared, worried, confused, rarely having been in a situation where he was not in control.
Doing all she knew to do, Annalise sent out her water again and it beat against the fallen's back. Endarial laughed, loud and cold, and it filled the room with its terror. The fallen holding the seraph moved his hand to her throat, “I will rip off your head if you do not stop using that pathetic excuse for an affinity.” 
In fear for her life, Annalise released her powers, finding herself almost suffocating under the weight of Ash’s emotions and her own mingling with it. She wasn’t sure how she was feeling his emotions, but they pained the seraph and confused her as they slammed into her. Suddenly, Endarial went quiet, moving her face closer to Jedzia and whispering loud enough for the room to hear, “You will be my witness to them all. The terror of the fallen has begun, and no mortal or immortal can stop us now.”
Annalise slammed her eyes closed as she heard the snapping of the older woman’s neck and Ash’s desperate screams. He was threatening them, demanding that they tell him what they wanted, who they were, his words jumbling over each other as she tried to fight back her own tears. She didn’t know what to do, didn’t know what she could do until the fallen let her go, her body dropping to the floor as she covered her eyes. She didn’t want to see the scene before her, hearing it and feeling it from Ash was bad enough. 
A new voice rang throughout the room, “What have you done?”  
The fallen paused, listening to the voice and turning their attention to him.
Opening her eyes, Annalise saw the man entering the room. His frame was slightly larger than Ash, dark hair spiked upon his head, his large eyes going to the lifeless body of the older woman in the corner. He glanced over at Ash and glared at him accusingly, “You have brought them here.”
Taking the time to crawl away from the two large fallen beside her, she pulled herself to her feet and tiptoed around them as they didn’t move, their eyes focused on Endarial for orders. 
“He has,” Endarial agreed, as the man stepped closer to her, “He has brought us here to kill the keepers. You are all doomed.”
“Jaron, don’t listen to her, she has killed Jedzia. I will destroy them all, all of the fallen, whatever I have to do-” Ash insisted, but his words were cut off when the fallen clamped his hand over Ash’s mouth and forced him to his knees.  
Tuning out the voices around her, Annalise tried to teleport again to no avail. She crept over to where Ash was just as the male let him go. She grasped for him, seeing that the attention was all on Endarial and whoever this new male was.  “Come with me.”
His blue eyes turned to her, angry and sad at the same time, “I can’t, there is no way I am leaving here. Save her, like you did me.” 
“I am injured, I cannot heal.”
“I won’t leave her.”
“You have to,” she insisted, placing her hand on his face and begging him with her eyes, “If we can get away, we can work this out. If we stay and you die, there is no facing tomorrow. There will be no hope.”
She could see the battle waging inside of him, but he nodded to her, taking her hand from his face and leading the two of them towards the entrance of the home. She was thankful he was going with her because she did not want to leave him alone. Pausing in the doorway, she turned to make sure that they were not being followed. It appeared as if they were all too interested in arguing with one another to notice the two of them slipping out the front door.  Jaron was an interesting looking man, she noticed. He stood tall, his head high and shoulders square. 
“Jedzia was my friend Endarial, she was off limits,” Jaron yelled, kicking a small end table.
“The young mortal was out of control. We had to contain the situation,” Endarial replied.
“When I told you he was on the surface, I did not know they were coming here. You had no right!” he argued back.
Annalise found it strange, the way they were talking to each other. They weren’t talking like strangers, but then again Annalise wasn’t mortal and the way all mortals talked seemed strange to her.
“Annalise,” Ash snapped at her, jerking her from the doorway of the house. It was apparent to her that he had not heard the conversation or he would certainly have gone back into the home to fight again. She noticed that he was one to rush into things without thinking.
She tapped her bangle and instructed it to lead them to the nearest area of weakness in the barrier between her world and his.  “We are going back to my people. My counterpart will help us.” The words came out as sure as she could make them, even though she was not sure that this would be the case. He would help her for sure, but she wasn’t sure about Ash. 
They rounded the corner of the last house and Annalise pulled back on his hand to stop. She closed her eyes to feel the energy around them, “There are rips in space and time throughout your realm that lead to mine. We must find one.”
Her eyes opened as she felt the familiar sense of home and she led him to the invisible rip that she was looking for. She held his hand tightly as the two of them stepped through the small space.




Chapter Six



Ash

Moving through the rip in space was much easier than transporting. No sick feelings or dizziness, at least not from the travel. Ash felt Annalise pull his hand once more. He wasn’t sure where she was taking him, in fact he wasn’t sure of anything. His surroundings were blurry and his focus was uncertain. Her hand was warm though, and it was the only thing that kept him grounded to reality. After what felt like a century of waiting, he felt her push him down onto something soft. It was fluffy and warm, and all Ash wanted to do was close his eyes and never wake up. He had been in plenty of risky combats, but never had he lost anyone close to him.  Now Jedzia was dead, and he was the reason. He had brought the fallen to her home; he should have never gone there. He couldn’t believe that she was gone. She had been his partner, his other half. It had been his job to have her back and keep her safe. Even though he wasn’t a keeper anymore, he had felt a major sense of duty toward her.  She had trusted him when she opened that door to let him in; he had betrayed her by letting her get killed. He had been held back by insanely strong immortal winged freaks, and for that he would kill every last one of them. Ash wasn’t weak, he was a fighter. Endarial would soon understand that, and if it was the last thing he did he would tear her apart with his bare hands. 
He felt someone put a piece of fruit in his hands. Snapping out of his thoughts, he looked up at Annalise. She looked worn out but the light still shined from her blue eyes.
“You are a mortal. You need to eat and sleep.” Ash shook his head, he couldn’t sleep. Not right now anyway. Sure, he hadn’t slept in days, but every time he closed his eyes, he saw Jedzia lying on the ground. Her eyes were wide open, lifeless. Yet, the fruit in his hands looked fresh. He took a bite of the round yellow flesh. It didn’t taste like any fruit he had ever gotten at home. It was sour, and it melted in his mouth.
Annalise put her hand on his back. “I am sorry about your friend.” Ash tried not to wince at her words. It had been almost thirty seconds since Jedzia had crossed his mind.
“I’m going to put a sword through that fallen piece of cowl,” he replied. He gazed around at the scenery. It looked like someone’s home. 
“This is your home?”
Annalise nodded. “My counterpart, Leon, he will be home soon.” The last thing Ash wanted to do was have to deal with her “counterpart”. They obviously lived together, and that made him somewhat upset. He took a minute to look around at the clean and tidy home. It looked similar to a mortal’s home in many respects, but it was overly clean and somewhat empty. It didn’t feel cozy or warm; it was practical. Without the need to eat or sleep, working constantly, maybe there wasn’t much use for a cozy home. Everything was natural, made from wood or cotton materials; such a difference from his home where everything was made of steel or metal. The roof was made entirely of glass; sunlight poured in through it and lit up even the corners of the room. He noticed a little nook in the corner of the room full of gardening supplies; a bucket of dirt, a watering pail, apron, and a few tools.
“Do you garden?” he asked, nodding towards the pile of tools.
Annalise nodded. “I have been trying, but I am afraid my plants may have suffered while I was gone.” She gave a big sigh and walked over to the watering can. She picked it up and walked over to an old wooden water pump sticking out of the floor.
“Couldn’t you just, you know, use your affinity to shoot water from your hands or something?” Ash asked. He was still confused about how her world worked, how her kind lived.
Annalise let out a smile, the first one he had seen from her. He was happy that she was starting to let her shell crack. “I cannot use my affinity right now,” she replied, motioning to the bloodied stain on the front of her dress, the place where she had been stabbed. Only he noticed that the color was a blue, instead of red. She walked toward the back door and out of the house, over to some rose bushes and plants growing on the side. Tired, but interested in her hobbies, Ash decided to follow her. He wished that he could do something for her injury, but he wasn’t a healer.
“I do not understand,” she whispered, when Ash came up behind her.
“What’s not to understand, your flowers look great.”
Annalise poured some water on the plants and put her hands to her head in confusion.
“I have not been able to tend to them in days, they should be dead. Unless….” Her voice trailed off but strangely Ash knew what she was thinking. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that she brought him back to life, but right now her strong emotions poured off of her in waves. He could feel her. She thought that her counterpart had taken care of her flowers. She was grateful and proud of Leon.
“He must care about you a lot.” Ash put his hand on her shoulder and forced out a smile. He was no match for her other half. He knew what she needed, he understood her. Most of the time Annalise couldn’t even understand what Ash was talking about. Annalise opened her mouth to say something. Ash hoped that this would be a protest. Something along the lines of “We are just friends” or even “He’s actually my brother, so of course he loves me.” But nothing came out of her mouth, her attention turned to something behind him.
“Leon!” she cried, stepping back from Ash so his arm fell off her shoulder.
The male seraph stepped into view, his eyes settling on Ash for a moment, staring coldly at him before turning his attention to Annalise. Ash tried not to glare at him. He didn’t like being ignored. He didn’t even know this seraph, but just looking at him made Ash want to kick him into the ground. He didn’t like the way he looked at Annalise- it was as if he knew her secrets.  As if Annalise was Leon’s only focus in the world, and Ash was just an annoying gnat that swarmed around the two of them. If they started finishing each other’s sentences, Ash would throw up right now.
“Annalise. I have been looking everywhere for you.” He held a large sword in his right hand, one much like Endarial had been carrying, and he carefully slipped it into a sling behind his back. Annalise didn’t move, didn’t say anything to him. Ash could feel the worry and uncertainty coming off of her, not knowing if she should go closer to him or not. Ash shook his head and gave a loud pretend cough; he hated awkward silences. 
“Is this the mortal?” Leon demanded, taking a step forward and studying Ash. They were almost the same size.
Ash puffed his chest up and spoke. “Yeah, I’m the mortal. What’s it to you?”
 Annalise took a step toward him, her arms out to stop the two men from getting too close to each other, “Leon. I can explain if you will just listen to me.” Annalise held her hand out for his, asking for a moment of retreat. 
To Ash’s surprise, Leon’s eyes softened and he grabbed her small hand in acceptance. It made him sick that he forgave her so easily, and took her hand as if Ash wasn’t standing there. He crossed his arms in front of himself, trying to suppress the irritation building up inside of him. Why was he getting so worked up over her? Ash didn’t get these feelings often. 
“Leon, I made a mistake.  I had to try and find out why I broke the rules.”
Leon pulled her close, making Ash feel a bit more uncomfortable, again. Was it even possible?
“I think I am going to give you two some space to talk…I’m going to go wash up,” he said, eyes settling on Annalise before turning to go inside and attempting to make himself presentable in their small home. At least inside he could listen in if he needed to. He could make sure Annalise was safe, and not have to see the way the two of them were acting around each other. 

Annalise

Pulling away from Leon to turn and address Ash, she was disappointed to see that he was already inside of the house. She gave a small sigh and turned back to her counterpart, afraid to say anything else. She could feel the conflicted feelings flowing off of her mortal friend and she wasn’t quite sure how to deal with it. It was some of the same things she was feeling when she had seen him protecting Jedzia. What was this new irritation that she had felt? She would have to ask him when they had a minute alone. Shaking her head, she realized that she was considering trusting in the mortal, inquiring from him what these feelings and thoughts were, not Leon. Not the one who had been her best friend and confidant for her whole life. Somehow, things were different now, and she had never dealt with any sort of change before. Things had been the same for as long as she could remember. 
“What is on your mind, Anna,” Leon asked, getting her attention once again.
She turned to him to give him a small smile and a noncommittal shrug, “I just do not know.”
“He likes you.”
Her head snapped up to look at Leon in confusion, a spark of hope igniting in her as well, “What do you mean?”
“I think that he believes he has a chance to be your mate.”
“Oh dear,” Annalise whispered, bringing her hand up to her face to hide it as if in shock but really to hide the burning that had crept up into her face. What was it making her act this way? She knew that there would never be anything between her and Ash.  “He is silly, really, we seraph do not love. Becoming a mate and focusing so much into a relationship is simply…ridiculous.” 
When Leon did not reply, she felt her heart sink for just a second, making her think there was something more in his silence. Was he considering a relationship that was more than what was normal for seraphs? She lowered her hand from her face and looked up into Leon’s serious green eyes, “It is silly, right?”
“Yeah of course,” he answered with a nervous cough as he took a step from her and pursed his lips, “Anna, that boy is going to get you into trouble. You are to reap these souls, take them to the Grand Hall. That’s it. You cannot heal them as you please, it is not natural and it does things to those mortals. I cannot say what, but it is enough for the Elders to be very upset with you.”
“I know, Leon, but if you would just listen to me-”
“It does not matter what your reasoning is, Annalise, this is serious. I am surprised that you are not taking it as so.”
At that point, Annalise found herself speechless. Rarely did Leon call her by her full name, and rarely did he refuse to hear her out on her thoughts and her feelings, no matter how ridiculous they were.  The worst of it, however, was that she could feel Ash’s presence, knew that he was close enough to be eavesdropping and hearing her being spoken to as if she were a child.
“I am not that naïve, I know how serious this is and I do not need you talking to me as if I am a small child or one of your charges that needs protecting. You do not know anything about Ash and I do not appreciate your accusing words toward him. He is a fighter and you should be thankful that he has helped to keep me safe with the fallen around.”
“Fallen?” Leon exclaimed, moving to take her by the arm, his strong hand wrapping around her forearm as he bore his eyes into hers, “What fallen?”
“The fallen that attacked us while we were at Ash’s friend’s home. They killed her, Leon, it was terrible. They are ruthless, just like you said. Killing machines. But you will not believe this, they do not look like monsters! They look just like you and I, like they did when they were seraphs!” she exclaimed, her voice rising in excitement as she told him of these things and expecting shock to spread over his face. But it did not. She lowered her eyebrows, realization dawning on her, “You knew!” 
“It is not something you needed to know.”
“You lied to me!” she insisted, trying to pull her arm from his grasp, “How dare you. I trusted you, and all these years you have lied to me. What else have you lied about? Do you sit under the Lilligan tree with all those gossipers and laugh at silly old Annalise and her naivety?”
Leon frowned and let her go, “That is something we are required to tell everyone. It is a widely kept secret to keep those who would hunt them out from doing so. The fallen are evil creatures, yes, but they do look like us. Who was it that you saw?”
“Endarial,” Annalise said, unsure of why she was still talking to him, “She was the same as before, except for her black eyes, but she could no longer create fire. Just as you said.”
“Of course not, they are stripped of their powers once they are cast out.”
“But she was wearing a ring that enabled her to manipulate fire…she carried a lighter with her. Oh and she was angry, Leon.”
The male seraph froze, his eyes searching Annalise’s for more answers, “I had no idea. None of us did…that they had such things. This must be a new development. I must tell the Elders.”
“See, I can give you information. I can get it for you, be a spy perhaps.”
“No.”
“I can do what I want, Leon, you cannot stop me. I have to help him. Ash. He and I have this connection. He can manipulate water, and I can feel him. His…feelings. They are intense, overwhelming at times. It is not natural. These things should not have come to pass, but I have made them so. I must make it right,” she explained, stepping towards her friend and putting her hands in his.
Leon shook his head, sadness creeping up into his face, one that Annalise had not seen on his face before, “My dear Anna, that is not something you can do. The Elders have given us an ultimatum. They know about what you have done, and that the keeper was killed in the process. They think that you two are somehow working with the fallen since you were there when Jedzia’s soul was reaped. You were not supposed to be there during her reaping, this I know. She was one of my charges. It was her time, but you were not supposed to be involved. The fact that you were has thrown everything off balance. Things are not as they should be and everyone is scared. The Elders have decided that you should be cast out. Either this or you must prove yourself, that you are not a spy in our midst. You must kill the boy, Ash.”
Annalise felt the breath catch in her throat, fear and panic setting in to her being. That was her choice? Kill the mortal or be cast out? “That is not fair,” she cried out, stepping out of Leon’s reach and wrapping her arms around herself, “I cannot kill someone, especially that mortal. What if we are bound? What if it destroys me as well?”
“That is our choice, Anna, our only choice. I could not stand it if I had to cast you out.”
“You?” she asked, taking another step back from him, “What are you talking about?”
Shaking his head, he apologized and took a step forward. 
She took another step from him and glared at him, “You are still keeping secrets from me! If you had been honest with me in the first place, I would not be injured right now. These fallen, they have some sort of substance on their weapons that causes us not to be able to teleport, makes it more difficult to heal those who we need to heal, or ourselves.”
“Are you hurt?” Leon asked, looking her over from head to toe, pausing when he saw the blue spot on the front of her dress. He walked over to her and fell to his knees, examining the wound. She was still angry, so angry she wanted to step back from him, but if she and Ash were to get anything accomplished, she needed to be at her best and healed. 
“Endarial ran me through with her sword with that substance on it. I do not know what form of alchemy she could get that from, but it was the same as what made it hard to bring Ash back. I am sure of it.”
Leon ran his hand over her wound, taking it in, and looking up at her, “I will have her head. Don’t worry about that. Please stand still. I will heal you. Release your wings.”
Annalise did as he asked, tapping her gold bangle and giving a content sigh as she felt her wings release to their full span. It had been several hours since she had been free, let herself be seraph and nothing else and it felt so incredibly good. Opening her eyes, she turned her attention to Leon and hoped he would be able to repair the damage that had been done. 
She watched him place his large hand over her wound and put pressure on it. Closing her eyes, she tried not to make a sound. It was painfully excruciating, and she knew that it was worse than she had originally thought. Annalise had never been wounded before, never had a reason to be in battle. Leon had countless times, however, and a guardian’s way of healing was rougher and more intense than a reaper, often needed in the heat of the moment.  He began mumbling his blessing, fast and deep, low enough that she could barely hear it. As he did so, he pressed his hand closer to her, his other one coming to her waist as he steadied her. She put her hands on his shoulders and bent over slightly at the waist, the pain flowing from the wound and out into her body. She hoped Ash couldn’t feel this, the intensity of this healing. And the pain. Letting out a small cry, the pain retreated back into the world and she fell to her knees. It was gone.
Annalise opened her eyes, meeting the green ones staring back at her in worry, “Are you okay? I’m so sorry it hurt you.”
“I am fine,” she mumbled, lost in the moment for a second and realizing just how close they were to each other. For a minute, she wondered what it would be like to be this close to Ash, what it would feel like for him to touch her sweetly instead of always protectively. Would they ever have a chance to just talk? She could feel herself opening up to the mortal, thinking of him as a new friend, and looking forward to getting to know him more. 
Suddenly she stood up, opening her eyes in shock, feeling Ash’s feelings slamming into her.
Something had happened.
She turned to the house to see Ash running from the door and taking a hold of her arm, his blue eyes locked on hers, “The fallen are here.”
“You have brought them here,” Leon said accusingly as he stood up and stared down the other man.
“This isn’t the time to be fighting me when you have several evil guys coming up on your house, fighting your people. I’m the least of your worries.”
Annalise let out a shriek, covering her mouth as Leon reached for his sword and pulled it out of its hilt, holding it up in front of him in a threatening manner, “Do not test me mortal.”
“Stop it, Leon,” she demanded, moving into his field of vision, “The fallen are here in our realm. We must go.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Ash said, “I’m going to kill every single one of them.”
Annalise could see the anger in his eyes, and feel the need to get revenge on the creatures that had killed his partner. The fact that fallen had found their way into the seraph realm terrified her, and she had to find a way to get him to leave. She put a hand on his arm, blue eyes going to him in concern, “They will kill you. And I-I cannot fight. Do you want me to leave by myself?”
He looked at her suddenly, as if the thought had not occurred to him. She could feel just how much he wanted to fight, but also the realization that she could not. With a sigh, he nodded, “No, you can’t do that. I will go with you.”
“I do not like the idea of you going with him,” Leon said and stepped closer to them.  She could see the confusion on Leon’s face, the indecision. Annalise had never seen him unsure before, he always knew what to do, when, and how to do it. To see him so hesitant made the situation even more frightening to her. 
“We have no choice, Leon.” She pressed the button on her bangle to hide her wings before leaving. 
His eyes turned to look at her, understanding filling up the green orbs, “Just remember what we talked about. If you want to come home, you know what you have to do. If you cannot do it, I will do it for you. I want you home.”
“I will protect her,” Ash insisted, reaching for his own weapon and pulling it out to display to Leon.
Leon frowned at the dagger in Ash’s hand, “I suppose that will do.” He paused and gave the mortal a knowing smile, “I’m also sorry about your friend.”
“Leon,” Annalise said hurriedly, begging him to stop talking so they could go.
He turned to her, sword lowered to his side, and took her cheek in his hand, “I will come for you. I will have Endarial’s head, and Loki’s as well for harming you.” Then his lips were on hers, rough and passionate, something he had never done before. And Annalise froze, unsure of how to respond. She could feel Ash’s anger rising up in him and his sudden grip on her arm, jerking away from her counterpart and insisting they leave in a less than pleasant voice.
She gave one last shocked look at Leon, and apologized with her eyes, unsure of what to say to him, before she teleported them out of their realm and left him behind.

Ash

The third time around, Ash was pretty much used to the whole teleporting thing. The moment he opened his eyes, he knew exactly where they were. On many parts of the planet, manmade oceans lapped up against the land in an orderly fashion. Back and forth, back and forth, the waves crashed against the rocks near the shore.
“It’s my favorite place on the surface. How did you know to take us here?” Ash gave a small smile, but it faded quickly as he realized how drained he felt. He hadn’t slept in so long, and now the exhaustion had finally set in.
“I felt you’re longing for this place, I just let your thoughts show me where to take us. I do not know exactly. I have never done anything like it before.”
 It was only a few hours till sunrise; still the moons shone brightly against the planet. The beach was where he normally took all his conquests, a way to ooh and ahh the women. This time it was different. He was with a girl he liked, but he had more on his mind than impressing her.  After the conversation he overheard between Annalise and Leon, he was mixed up inside. Either she was going to kill him or let him live and lose everything she believed in. He just didn’t believe she would choose him over her Leon. When Leon had kissed her, he had to fight the urge to attack Leon and claim Annalise as his own. He had no right, and he had to keep reminding himself of that.
“I’m sure Leon will be okay. He seemed like a…tough seraph.” He wasn’t sure of what words to use, what to say to comfort her. Annalise nodded, but didn’t look his way. Her eyes stayed locked on the waves in the distance.
“Leon is a brave warrior. No fallen could harm him.”
Ash nodded in agreement. His entire life, he had been taught never to run and to always protect those around him. He had learned to be a keeper and a keeper’s job was to keep the planet safe. In his early years, he had fought alien races and piloted space crafts. He had killed armies that threatened the safety of the planet, stopped riots in the layer, yet here he was running from the fallen. He felt like his masculinity had been ripped away from him. When the fallen soldiers had come running toward the house with fire, ice and electricity flying from their hands, his first instinct had been to stay and fight the fallen hoard that had ruined his life. He wanted to make them pay for killing Jedzia, but when he remembered that Annalise wasn’t strong enough to fight he knew he needed to protect her, so he agreed to go with her to safety. Just the thought of the last few days made him cringe. He would not run anymore, he would kill every last one of them. He just needed to be more prepared. All his weapons were at home or at Arie’s house. Once he was prepared, Endarial would regret ever touching Jedzia. He sat down in the warm sand and rested his hands behind his head. He needed a plan. If he could find out as much as he could about the fallen then he would be able to search them out. He also needed help. Arie was one of the best, and she was already searching out Loki. If she knew where Loki was then he could lead them to the others. The anticipation of killing Endarial weighed heavily on his mind.
“Sit, Anna. I won’t bite you. I promise.”
Annalise narrowed her eyes and slowly lowered to the warm sand.
“Do you bite others often?”
Ash snorted and decided to ignore her burst of innocence, but she didn’t let go too easily.
“Should I want to be bitten? Is that some sort of mating ritual?”
Ash shook his head and decided to put the poor seraph out of her dive of curiosity. 
“No- It was a figure of speech.  If I wanted to ‘mate’ I wouldn’t be biting you...” He looked at her with serious eyes and watched her squirm under the pressure of his gaze. He loved watching her. After a few moments, he broke the silence.
“What are you going to do? We can’t keep running away. Eventually we are going to have to face the situation.”
She nodded. “I understand. I am just…disoriented.”
When he felt the confusion radiate off of her, Ash scooted closer to her. He hated to see her so out of sorts, so unlike the seraph who walked up to him demanding to know who he was and why she had saved him.
“I don’t know about you, but I am going to find Endarial and any other fallen I can get my hands on and eradicate that entire species.” The words sounded certain and brave when they left his mouth, but inside he wasn’t so certain. He was confused. Confused over this connection he felt with Annalise and confused over what he should do. Ash was pretty certain Jaron would tell the Officials about his part in Jedzia’s death and how he led the fallen to their homes. That meant he would never have the chance to be reappointed as a keeper. Strangely, Ash didn’t care as much as he thought he would. He did care that he wouldn’t have that sense of authority he once had. No more keeping the peace and order among society.  He wouldn’t miss the rules and the tyranny from the Officials.
“Are you well, Ash?” Annalise grabbed his shirt with her hand and shook him violently. It was then that Ash realized he had probably been sitting there for minutes not moving.
“Geez, Anna, I’m fine. I was just thinking.” He rubbed his neck in pain. “You’re pretty strong for a little girl,” he joked.
“I am not a girl. I am a seraph,” she corrected.
“Right a seraph. Sorry,” he repeated. This girl needed to loosen up. He watched her stare at the small shining stars up above, the sky filled with distant planets and burning stars. These were the same planets that fought in ancient wars for control, and the stars that were slowly burning up one by one. 
He picked up some sand between his fingers and let it fall to the ground.
“This used to be a desert you know. A few years ago, the keepers made the ocean and beach, hoping to grow sea life on the planet. This was all a body of water, hundreds of years ago.  When it dried up, they tried to recreate the ocean. It was a huge failure. Nothing grows here. Now it is just a reserve for the ecosphere.”
Annalise followed his movements with the sand.
“We do not have this in my realm. I have never seen water this big, or these objects in the sky.” She pointed to the moons which shone high in the sky.
“You don’t have moons?”
“It is only green. Only day. Everywhere.” 
Ash snorted “You say that like it’s a bad thing. My world is dying. Nothing grows here. People live in darkness underground, breathing fake oxygen and scrambling for real food.” Ash stopped as he realized that he was now going to be one of those people. This may be the last time he would ever get to see the surface. Only keepers lived on the surface, to protect the planet from invaders. He was no longer a keeper.
“You mortals are interesting though,” Anna pointed out. “You are free to pursue hobbies and relax and go to that bar you like and play games. Seraphs are all about duty and traditions.”
“That must be a pain. I understand though. That’s the way the keepers are. But when I found my way into the underground, I realized there is more to life than duty.”
She shook her head, “No, there is nothing more important.”
If she could stop feeling so guilty for what she did, maybe she could have some fun, he thought.  He wanted her to branch out like he did and experience the fun in life.
“One day with me, and you will learn there is more to life.”
Annalise didn’t look too assured.
“One day with you. I have turned my back on everything I believe in, watched your partner die and mine walk away from me,” she said.
Ash raised an eyebrow; this was the first burst of emotion he had ever seen from her. He didn’t know what he could do to thank her for saving his life.
“I am sorry, okay. I am sorry that I am so irresistible.” He said it with a joking laugh. Considering she was a little naïve when it came to sarcasm, he stopped when he saw her puzzled look.
“Uh, that was a joke,” he clarified.
“Do you want to be my mate?” she blurted out and then threw her hands over her mouth in shock. Ash sat up abruptly and looked at Annalise, who stared back at him wide-eyed.
“Your…mate?”
“Yes, what you mortals call….love?”
Ash gave a small shrug, unsure of what to say. Her question was so forthright and out of nowhere. Maybe he had taken his flirting and jokes a little too far. He decided to be frank. Even if there was something between them, and even if he hadn’t been able to get her face out of his memory since she saved him, it would never work out.
“Listen- I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression. You are great Annalise, but we come from two different worlds. When this is over, we will go our separate ways.” He wanted to say the opposite of what came out of his mouth, but he couldn’t do that to her. He could tell that she had a hard time breaking even one rule.
She didn’t react, only stared at him. He broke the silence.
“Now it’s my turn for the awkward questions. Do you want to be my mate?”
She cocked her head to the side and uncertainty crossed her face before she shook her head. “That is not your business, but no.”
“So just go back to your old life. Reaping souls and growing veggies with Leon.” Ash shuttered at the thought. He didn’t like to think of them both together, if anyone could make her happy it wasn’t that straight laced and scary looking seraph. She needed someone who wanted to share in her newfound adventures and curiosity. He had a feeling that Leon was not the type to stray from tradition, but Ash was. 
“I cannot go home right now; the Elders are looking for me. I want to stay here with you.”
“Yeah I know my adorable dimples and swoon worthy eyes….” Ash batted his eyes at her and smiled.
Annalise only shook her head.
“Your soul was different. It was so strong and alive. Your face, it was so…beautiful. I could not take your life.”
Her words were touching, but it didn’t make him feel any better. If his death would have saved Jedzia, he would gladly die ten times over. She reached out to put a hand on his face. Her hand was smooth and warm. Ash reached up to hold her hand. She looked at him with a puzzled face; it was as if she were trying hard to find an answer. He wanted so badly to kiss her. She needed a good kissing, and Ash was certain he was the person for the job. He had never seen anyone so beautiful before. When she was near him; he felt calmer. When she touched him; he felt stronger. He leaned in closer to test the waters. His lips got within a few inches of her face when her hand started to tremble. Ash pulled her hand off of his cheek and kissed the back of her hand instead. She wasn’t ready for any other type of kiss just yet. 
“My life has cost a lot. So I must repay the debt. As soon as we, or I, catch up on some sleep, I am going to gather supplies and find Endarial,” he told her.
“Do you think you can take them? They are stronger than you.” 
Ash didn’t care. “I underestimated them twice, I won’t do that again. Plus, I will have the element of surprise on my side this time. I really doubt they expect me to seek them out.”
Annalise agreed, but his words seemed to make her face light up with remembrance, “Back at the fight- that man Jaron. He said something strange to Endarial. They were speaking like they knew each other.”
Ash gave her a baffled look. That was impossible. Neither Jaron nor any of the other keepers for that matter had ever met a fallen. But then, Jedzia did mention he was hiding something. Could it be possible that he was working with the fallen?
“That’s odd, I don’t know why…” he decided to change the subject. “What are you going to do Anna?” he asked. She must have misunderstood what Jaron was talking about. Jaron couldn’t be working with them.
“Maybe if I kill a fallen also, the Elders will let me come back home,” she thought aloud.  
Ash turned to look at her with concern. “You have never fought though?”
“I have my affinity to protect me and we can learn to fight with water together. You can also teach me, I am a quick study.” She got excited and sat up straighter.
Ash didn’t want her anywhere near danger, but just the thought of being away from her panicked him. The longer they were connected the stronger the pull had on him. The emotions he felt from her were stronger now and he was able to sort them out easier. Still, he wasn’t in the mood to argue with her tonight. The sleepless nights were catching up with him.
“Maybe…”
Ash ran his hands along the rough patches of sand that lined the shores of the water.  Scattered among them were millions of tiny pieces of shell from the aquatic life that had once prospered in the bodies of water on Cabalin. They were all broken and dead now, the force of the moons above caused the tide to kiss the shore roughly. It broke the shells up and disintegrated the remains. This was one of the things that had caused the land to be so coveted. Ash reached down to pick up a broken shell in his hands. He rubbed his fingers over the rough edges. “These are all the dead remains of the aquatic life for thousands of years, all the sand is crushed up bone and shell,” he said gently. He could feel Annalise scoot a bit closer and take a bit of sand in her hands. She let the small pieces fall back to the ground. 
“Do you remember my world being prosperous?” he asked curiously. She looked up at him and paused for a moment to think.
“I did not pay much attention to Cabalin at first. I was so focused on my duties as a seraph, but it is forbidden to hang among the mortal world for pleasure and enjoyment.”
Ash understood those types of restrictions all too well. “Did you ever try?” he teased. 
She looked down to the ground and ran her hand along the grains of sand. “No,” she said meekly. “I always wanted to experience mortal love and life, but it is not the way of the seraph. I would watch mortals sometimes from my home though.”
“What? Not even once? How old are you anyway?” Ash couldn’t believe it. If the seraph world had been so freely within his reach, he wouldn’t have been able to go long without his curiosity getting the best of him.
“I am about…1500 mortal years. Though we don’t keep time as you do.”
Ash let his jaw drop as the numbers came out of her perfect mouth. She sure didn’t look 1500 years old, but it was an advantage of being a seraph he supposed.
“And your kind they live forever?” 
“We can, but we have our weaknesses just as everyone else.”
“How old is Finlay?”
“He was created before me.”
“And you are created, not born?” he asked. Annalise looked confused by his questions.
“I- I do not know. I am not allowed to know such things. I am only a reaper seraph. ”
“Do seraphs look the same as mortals all over, are you anatomically correct? I mean, you don’t have twenty toes or anything, do you?”
Annalise gasped and put her hand to her mouth in shock. “You Ash, are too bold, but I can feel how curious you are about my race, and not intending to be rude, so yes we are similar to your humanoid forms, but we have wings.
“May I see them?” Ash sat up in anticipation. His heart was beating wildly the more he thought about it. A majority of the shock had faded away. The fact that a legend was sitting right here in front of him.
Annalise smiled at him, glad that he wasn’t afraid of their differences but intrigued.
“Okay.” She stood up slowly and pulled her hair over one shoulder. Ash raised up with her as she turned around to show her back. With her hair out of the way, he could see two small slits in the back of her dress. He watched her tap on the golden bangle around her wrist, and then mysteriously two large white wings stretched out from the slits. They were white and soft looking, and made her look even more magical.
“They complete you,” he said. He reached out to stroke one of the wings and reveled at how strong they felt beneath his fingertips. She tapped her bangle once more, making them retract.  He wanted to ask her what happened to them, but he was certain that he had asked enough questions for one night. She turned around to show a pinkish blush on her cheeks. He could tell that she liked his touch.
“My turn,” she said. She was trying to change the subject, and Ash enjoyed watching her squirm.
“Why are you not with the keepers, Jedzia talked as if you were in trouble, like I am.”
Ash shrugged, he didn’t want to go into depth with the seraph. He wanted her to think of him as better than he actually was. There wasn’t any use in dwelling on his past and he didn’t want to scare her so he simply said, “Keepers are not allowed to frequent the lower layers, I did so. No big deal.”
“It is not because of the redhead I have seen you with because you love her?” she probed.  She started to walk along the sand; so Ash kept up.
“Arie? No, she is like a sister to me. Nothing going on there.” He hated how vague all his answers sounded, so he elaborated a bit. “From the things I gather, love isn’t something you seraphs have. Think of it this way, we mortals love deeply, and hate just as strongly.  I haven’t experienced romantic love, but I know what I feel for Arie isn’t that. On Cabalin, if you love someone you become married. It’s a huge drawn out process that I think is a waste of time. The female’s parents receive lots of gifts and there is a ceremony that involves permanent family marks on the back of the couple’s hands.” He grabbed Annalise’s hand and pointed to the back of it to show where the marks went before continuing. 
“Keepers, such as me, are only allowed to marry other keepers with permission. Citizens are only allowed to marry within their layer or class. A marriage is forever.”
Annalise stared at the back of her hands with excitement in her eyes. Ash traced a small pattern onto the back of her hand. Her skin felt soft beneath his rough fingertips. “How wondrous,” she told him. She was lost in a trance, a dream inside her head that Ash couldn’t see.
He only shrugged; he didn’t see anything exciting about love. 
“Whatever has happened to us,” she said “It has changed us both. I can feel strong human emotions, as well as your emotions.”
Ash nodded, he had felt the same from her. An emotional connection that grew stronger the longer they were together.
Ash let out a big yawn and stretched his hands above his head. When morning came, he wanted to be out of sight. Even though this would be the last place the fallen or keepers would look for them. They would be searching in the underground for them.
“The tide comes up high throughout the night. We need to move back.” He took her hand and led her out farther away from water.
Annalise looked around at the vast empty beach, her eyes taking in the astonishing sight.
“I will keep an eye out, you rest.”
As much as he wanted to keep his eyes open and finish the conversation, sleep was calling his name. He hadn’t had a decent night’s sleep in so long and having Annalise near him seemed to calm down the energy that had been raging inside. He trusted her to watch over him. Without another word, he laid his head back down on the sand and closed his heavy eyes.


Chapter Seven



Annalise

Just as the bright sun was rising, Annalise found herself standing on the secluded beach, occasionally casting her eyes back on Ash to make sure he was safe and then up at the beautiful shining stars before they had gone. The ones she had always dreamed of seeing. Now, her dreams were being fulfilled and she was able to not only see the sky but explore the world and meet other races of creatures. Even though it was exciting, she had to sacrifice all she had lived for in order to do so. A part of her felt as if this was a new beginning, that she was growing as a person and standing up for herself. She would show the seraphs that they had always underestimated her and looked upon her as a baby, and they were wrong. Still, another part of her yearned for familiarity, the duty that had been her life for as long as she could remember. She had so longed to return home, ever since this adventure had begun, and now she was not even sure she could go back. Annalise raised her hand to her chest and closed her eyes. Fighting off the tears was difficult as she felt the wave of sadness coming from inside of her. She pressed her bangle to let out her wings. It made her feel a little less alone.
This boy, the one sleeping so soundly only a few feet away from her, had turned her world upside down. He had caused her to be cast out from her people and she should hate him for that, should kill him this moment as requested and go back to her counterpart. She could feel her powers rising as she thought of it, how easy it could be to accomplish her orders. Letting out a sigh, she shook her head, knowing she could not do it. She was never one for force or death, avoiding it at all costs. There was still something about him that made her want to make sure he survived, work with him to fix this mess that had been made. Perhaps the seraphs would let her come back home once things were back in order…if only she could get more information. 
“Something on your mind?” she heard Ash ask from behind her in a weary voice. 
Annalise turned to him and gave him a forced smile, “Yes. Lots of things. I think perhaps we should go search for information.”
“And where do you suggest we start?”
“I do not know,” she started and let out a sigh. She covered her face with her hands and tried to hide her emotions from him, even though she knew he could feel them as she could feel his. It wasn’t only the fear of the unknown ahead of them that made her doubt herself, but the sadness of leaving behind this one bit of respite they had found. She had enjoyed their one on one time, even though it had been short, and she feared that it might never come again. Still, she wasn’t so sure why she wanted to spend one on one time with the mortal. They had only just met, and in that short time, they had messed each other’s lives up completely. She still wasn’t sure he wasn’t using some sort of alchemy on her. This odd sense of feeling that flowed back and forth between them was not normal. 
When he didn’t have something cocky to say back to her, she raised her head to eye him suspiciously. Annalise could feel the uncertainty from him, and guessed that he was unsure about involving any of his other friends. She did not blame him for that of course, he had essentially been the cause of Jedzia’s death and she wasn’t sure what all that meant for him. But she did know that she could not imagine losing a loved one without warning like that. There had to be someone to help them. 
“We shall go see Finlay,” she announced suddenly, the second his face popped into her head, “He knows the ins and outs of corruption and he will find us the fallen.”
The words came out quickly and suddenly, sounding confident as she decided what they would do next. Before Ash could respond, she had wished her bangle to show them Finlay’s location and pulled the mortal to his feet. Tapping the gold quickly, she felt herself and Ash being teleported to another level of the world. 
Once they arrived at the unknown destination, it occurred to Annalise that she had not taken into account her state, wings still spread open. It was too late to do anything about it now, however; whoever was around would have already seen and she would have to come up with some explanation. Careless of her really. She wasn’t even sure where she was, although the space was small and very similar to what she would assume was a residence.  
“What in the moons, Ash,” she heard a voice shriek angrily.
Turning to the unfamiliar voice, Annalise thought she had somehow teleported them to the wrong place, but as she set her eyes on the scene before them, she let go of Ash and threw her hand over her mouth.
A tall girl with flaming red hair was jumping off of the bed on the side near them and glaring at Ash with a ferocity that slightly scared Annalise. Yet her face was burning red from embarrassment as she tried to straighten her clothes. The seraph felt a slight sense of what she had decided was jealousy creep up into her as she felt Ash’s protectiveness kick in and flow over to her. He was not very happy with what he was seeing in front of them.
Finlay’s loud laughter resonated through the small space as he rolled off the other side of the bed, “Not such good timing there, guys.” He came around to where they stood, his hand going up to run through his messy blonde hair. His shirt was unbuttoned revealing his chest, bare and strongly built.
Annalise dropped her eyes, that embarrassed red tint coming over her own face. She wished she could be as cool and collected as Finlay, considering she had not been the one to be caught in the bed with someone. Knowing that he had been deeply kissing the mortal when they arrived and his intentions with her, as well as Annalise’s own insecurities with the subject brought out feelings in her that she certainly did not want Ash to see. He had probably been with many a girl considering how attractive he was. Finlay was very handsome also, even as he stood there, caught in the act of something unheard of between seraph and mortal, yet he did not care. And Annalise could not even come up with something intelligent to say. She certainly did not want Ash to see her as insecure, even though she was.  Glancing over at him, she noticed that he did not seem to even remember she was in the room.
“What do you think you are doing with her?” Ash demanded, balling his hands up into fists and taking a few angry steps towards Finlay.
Finlay put his hands up in front of himself in defense, smile still spread across his face, “You know good and well what is going on here, friend. You weren’t going to do anything about it. So I did.” He looked past Ash and gave her a sly grin, “You missed out on the fun, Annalise.”
“Don’t even talk to her,” Ash insisted and moved so that she could no longer see the seraph’s face. “You have no business with someone who’s not your…kind.”
“Haven’t we had this discussion already, boy?” Finlay asked, still amused but letting his voice become slightly more serious, “I do as I please, who I please, and when I please. You and I are a lot alike in that sense, so don’t act so innocent. You can’t tell me you haven’t been itching for a little action with that seraph you’ve been keeping company.”
An exasperated sigh escaped from the redhead as she stomped over to the boys and glared at them, “Stop trying to prove who’s more of a man and pay attention to the big fallen monster in the room, would you!” Her eyes darted over to Annalise, and it was then that she could see the girl also had a dagger in her hand.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, calm down now Arie. This is Annalise, she’s a seraph, no worries,” Finlay said, moving to put his arm around her and plant a kiss on her forehead, eyes not moving from Ash as to try and intimidate him. Finlay slowly pried the dagger from Arie’s grip.
Arie pushed Finlay off of her, folding her arms in front of her as if he were wrong. “Don’t be a fool, she’s a fallen. I’ve seen them, hunted them. They look just like her.”
Ash looked back at her, eyebrows pulled together in irritation, and Annalise frowned. Had she done something wrong? Maybe said something to make him upset with her? She wrapped her arms around herself and cast her eyes to the ground. So far, there was nothing that she liked about this girl, but she was determined not to let her get the best of her. “You are the fool if you think that I am a fallen.” She raised her eyes to the girl and challenged her to say something else, even though she wasn’t sure what she would do if the girl attacked her.
The girl’s eyes opened in shock as she pulled herself further away from the group, “I don’t trust her. And you shouldn’t either. Get her out of my home!” Her words were directed at Ash, and Annalise could sense the jealousy in them. This girl liked him, and that made Annalise dislike this female mortal even more. 
Finlay rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to Ash, “Don’t mind her, she’s just freaking out.”
“Don’t tell me what to do with my friend,” Ash insisted, pointing a finger at the seraph and taking a deep breath to steady himself, “Look, we need your help. That’s why we came here. When we decided to come and talk to you, we didn’t realize that you would be busy.”
Rubbing his chin, Finlay appeared to take Ash’s words into consideration, “My help, huh, what with?”
Annalise took this opportunity to step in and walked over to place her hand on Finlay’s arm, “The fallen have attacked our home.”
“What!?” he exclaimed and grabbed her by the arms to make her look into his eyes, “Are you sure?”
The fear that she saw in his eyes only made her feel more upset. If both Finlay and Leon were afraid, then there was no hope for their race. That meant two of the strongest seraphs she knew were unsure of what to do and terrified of what could happen.  Only Ash appeared to be ready to fight them. “We were there. With Leon. They must have followed us through the rip in time and space. Endarial was leading them.”
“We need to get you home. I don’t even care about these mortals right now,” he insisted with a nod of his head, sure of himself. This statement earned him an icy glare from Arie, who took a step back from him.
“I-I cannot go back.”
He pulled his eyebrows together, seriousness taking him over, “And why is that?”
Annalise cast a nervous glance over at Ash and tried to find a way to answer him. She thought maybe he had been listening in on her conversation but she wasn’t completely sure. “The Elders believe that Ash and I are working with the fallen. Now they must think that we led them into our realm on purpose, that I raised him on purpose for some reason. They are unwilling to work with me. They want me to make it right in an unacceptable way and I am banished until I do so. I refuse, Finlay, I will not do such hideous things. We are a people of peace, and the Elders are acting as if they have lost their senses. Ash and I are going to find Endarial and her minions and make this right.”
“No, no, no and no. You are not going to go anywhere on your own. I will go with you if you are insistent on going on this journey, but you are not going alone.”
“Ash is going with me. I will not be alone.”
Finlay’s eyes trailed over to Ash in consideration, “He’s quite the fighter but he’s no match against a fallen.”
“It’s not like you would be that great,” Arie giggled from across the room, hinting that Ash would be a better hunter than Finlay.
He chuckled slightly, but didn’t address the issue. Annalise knew that he liked his privacy, so it didn’t surprise her when he did not admit to being a seraph. She hated that Arie may have caught on with their relationship, but she could only hope that the girl was trustworthy. 
“You do not have the training it will require to take on a fallen, Annalise,” he said.
“But you promised me that you would make sure I got out of this mess. You cannot go back on your promise if you are truly my friend,” Annalise insisted as she looked at him. He had to understand, this was the only way she knew to clear her name. 
Finlay cursed under his breath and ran his hand down his face. He shook his head in defeat , “Fine. I will help you on one condition. You must do as I say: do not, I repeat, do not engage in battle with Loki. Do what you need with Endarial and her minions, but leave him to me. Afterwards, I will speak with Leon and the Elders and we will come up with a plan.”
“Okay,” she agreed with a nod and moved her hands to place them over his, “Thank you for taking a minute to be serious with me.”
That’s all it took for a smile to broaden over his face. Something in the comment reminded him that he was not being his playful old self and it was enough for him to pretend things were fine again. He pulled her close into a tight hug and laughed, “Oh Annalise, ever the serious seraph. You need to loosen up, live a little. Ash here might be kinda good for you.” For a moment it was hard to breathe until he let her go and she stepped back.
“Now,” he started, eyeing her up and down, “You are going to have to wear something a little more…appropriate than your little sundress if you’re going down to the lowest level of the planet, sweetheart.” He laughed again, taking hold of the fabric of the hem of her dress and moving it back and forth.
Annalise slapped his hand away from her and took a step back towards Ash. She looked over at him worried, “See, he will help us. He is your friend. You should not take him so seriously.”
“Just do as he wants and let’s get out of here,” Ash mumbled, it was obvious that he was still angry about everything that had transpired.
“Bounty hunter,” Finlay ordered with a laugh, turning to Arie with a smile and waltzing over to her. He took her hand in his and raised it to his lips for a kiss, eyes boring into hers, “Would you be a dear and find something for Miss Anna to wear?”
“Just a moment ago, you said you didn’t care about me.”
“Of course I do, you know that.” He kissed her hand again.
Arie rolled her eyes but smiled slightly, unable to resist the Finlay charm. Annalise couldn’t help but sigh in annoyance. This girl made her sick, thinking she could have Finlay and Ash both. These thoughts were alien to the seraph; worrying about the feelings of another. She just felt bombarded and confused at what she should be doing and thinking. Setting her mind on the mission, she pushed past Ash and tried not to look at him. She followed the redhead into the next room, eyes cast on the floor. 
“Welcome to the storage room. Clothes, weapons, it’s all here.” Arie shut the door behind them and leaned against it, arms crossed, “So you are the one who saved him, huh?”
Annalise gave a small nod.
The girl continued to study her as if she were trying to figure out something. “Are you a danger to him at all?”
“No, of course not.”
“You aren’t going to kill him?”
“No, of course not.”
“That’s what you were hinting at in there, that your people wanted you to.”
Annalise met the eyes of the girl across from her, feeling the irritation rising in her, “I do not care what they want from me. I shall not kill him. I would rather sacrifice myself. There are…feelings of some sort. I do not know.” She waved her hand as if not to care and brush off the last few comments but she could see it in the other girl’s eyes that she was not happy with the things Annalise was saying. 
The girl pushed herself off of the door and walked over to her, arms still crossed and examining her for some reason. She stopped in front of her, tall enough to look down at her and sighed, “You are going to be a little short for my clothes and a little small in the chest but I think I can make it work.”
She turned around and walked over to a door across the room and opened it to reveal a few sets of clothing hanging up in the small space. Annalise wasn’t sure what kind of insult the girl was trying to imply with those words, but she could tell by the sound of her voice that there was something there. She glanced over at herself in the mirror and took in her own form. She was surprised to see that she did look a little worn. Her eyes were somewhat droopy from all of the stress and worry, her long hair was tangled so that she couldn’t run her hand through it smoothly, her dress was wrinkled. If she were not certain it was impossible, she would have said that her wings were dimmer, but she knew that could never happen. Was there something about her that made mortals think that she was unattractive? And yet again, why did she care?
Turning her attention back to the redhead, she noticed her pulling out a black slinky outfit for her to wear. She handed Annalise the material without a word and turned her back on her. She pulled out a second outfit for herself and began to dress. Annalise turned her eyes away from the girl, surprised at her confidence in her body to change in the same room and turned her attention to the clothing. The seraph examined the material, some sort of soft cloth, but rougher than her dress was. It was a manmade material, completely different from what she was used to, and it felt foreign against her skin.
“Don’t just stand there, put it on so we can get this over with.”
“Your cloth is incredibly odd,” Annalise stated as way of explanation and began to slip out of her dress. She pulled the jumpsuit on and tried to ignore the way it clung to her body, and the way the material seemed to suffocate her skin. Always wearing dresses, she had never been covered up from ankles upwards and it was incredibly uncomfortable to her. Thankfully, the back of the outfit was open, leaving plenty of room for her wings to spread out. She tied the top part of the cloth around her neck and took a look at herself in the mirror. She looked ready for a mission, ready to be out in the darkness creeping around as if a fallen. 
“Pretty good fit, considering,” the redhead said as she eyed the blonde and handed her a brush for her hair and a round pieces of stretchy cloth, “Here put your hair up in a ponytail, it will stay out of your way.”
“I do not know what you speak of.”
Arie let out a frustrated growl and pulled a similar piece of cloth off her wrist and did her hair up in the back.
“It does look like a pony’s tail….of sorts…” Annalise said, running the brush through her hair several times before attempting to mimic the girl’s actions with the hair accessory. Hers did not look as high and neat as Arie’s did, but it was good enough for her. She was not concerned with her hair at the moment. 
“I wouldn’t know seraph girl, we don’t see ponies very often underground.”
Annalise felt ashamed, she forgot how different things were down here. It made her thankful that she had grown up in her own realm, where there was animal and plant life. “That is such a shame. They are such majestic creatures.”
Arie handed her a pair of boots as well and the seraph slipped them on, feeling completely out of sorts with her body covered. She watched Arie go over to the door and peek outside, shake her head and shut the door back, “Looks like they are having a real heart to heart. We should give them a minute before we go out there.” 
Annalise just nodded at the girl, having nothing more to say to her, and taking another glance at herself in the mirror. It was so weird to see herself in something other than a sundress, and the fact that it covered so much of her body. She raised her hand to fan herself, hoping it was cold on their journey for her outfit was uncomfortably warm. She also hoped the journey was fast because it was unnaturally itchy. But also, she couldn’t help but wonder what Ash would say about the clothing.


Ash

As Annalise and Arie left the bedroom, Ash turned towards his so-called friend. He thought he had known everything there was to know about Finlay. Last week, Finlay had collected Ash’s winnings and the two of them drank to their heart’s content. They had picked up females together and played cards together. The Finlay that stood in front of him now was nothing like the Finlay from last week. That boy was cocky and immature and just like Ash. This seraph that stood in front of him seemed foreign. Ash tried to calm his shaking hands, but the urge to hit something kept creeping up. He had been the one who introduced Arie to Finlay and now he was sneaking around with her behind his back. 
“Arie…is like my sister. I told you all about her. How I worried about her- how jerks tried to take advantage of her- how wonderful she is and you are- I find you-” Ash shook his head. He couldn’t even say the words. In fact, the thought of them both together made Ash sick. 
“Why do you feel the need to protect and take care of everyone?” Finlay commented as he hopped up on the dresser and crossed his arms in front of his chest.
“I don’t feel any need for anyone,” Ash said between gritted teeth.
Nonchalantly looking through a random book on the counter, Finlay shook his head.
“You do. It’s in your keeper nature.  They trained you to want order and peace and all that other stuff that I’ve never seen in thousands of years.”
Ash just stared at him. He wasn’t sure what to say. The guy always had a way with words and here he was changing the subject away from Arie.
“Don’t change the subject you cowl-eating dirt bag. I protect what is mine, and Arie…she is mine.”
“Oh? But you don’t love her; you certainly played with her heart a bit, but you told me yourself many times- You wished she would find someone new so you didn’t feel so guilty all the time.”
“This is different,” Ash said, willing himself to take a few steps back from Finlay. “You are going to break her heart and leave her helpless just like all the others. You couldn’t possibly have a future with her. She is a hunter and you…you…aren’t even human.” 
After he spit out the last words, Finlay didn’t say anything. It was so unlike him not to have something clever to say. Ash was a bit shocked by the silence. Yet, finally after a minute or so Finlay looked Ash’s way.
“You know what, Ash, you’re right. We have no future, and neither do you and Annalise.”
At the mention of Annalise’s name, Ash could no longer hold back; in a swift second his arm shot out and he sprinted across the space between him and Finlay. He couldn’t help himself. He didn’t like what Finlay was saying. He knew that Annalise and him were from different worlds, but that didn’t mean he wanted to be reminded of it.
Completely caught off guard, Finlay took the hit straight to his jaw. His head turned slightly to the right as he hopped off the dresser. The playfulness was gone from his face. He took his hand and moved his jaw around. 
“You have had a long day, Ash, so I’m going to let that one slide. Plus you are a mortal, so I’m not allowed to hurt you.”
Finlay took a step closer to Ash and they both locked eyes. A part of him regretted hitting his friend, but Ash was never one to keep his temper under control. 
They kept their eyes locked, each daring the other one to look away first. Finlay took a step to pass behind Ash and broke the glare. 
Ash shook his right hand as he felt blood running down his knuckles. If he had hit any normal person with that hard of an impact, Ash was sure that they would have a broken jaw. Of course, Finlay walked away with hardly a scratch. 
“Not as long a day as you will have when I tell Arie what you really are,” he mumbled under his breath. He felt Finlay freeze. Ash slowly turned around. He knew exactly what was coming. It was something he relished. Fighting was the only way he knew to relieve stress. He had been fighting since he could walk. He braced himself for the impact.
“On second thought,” Finlay held one finger up in the air. “I really don’t follow the rules all that often.”
Finlay put his hands up against Ash’s chest and slammed him against the wall. Ash flinched when he felt his breath leave his body. He heard the metal behind him start to give way. Ash smirked as Finlay pushed him harder against the wall.
“Oh really?” he forced out with the remaining air in his lungs. “Because neither do I.” Ash took his left knee and swiftly jammed it right between Finlay’s legs. Ash was promptly released from the hold as his opponent fell to the floor holding his crotch in pain. Luckily, male seraphs had the same weakness as humans.
“Try using it on Arie now, Fin.” He smirked at his victory as he stepped around him to go sit down in the main room.
As he looked up, he noticed both girls watching from the bedroom doorway.
“Ash- what are you doing?” Arie demanded walking up to him and punching him in the shoulder. Ash glared at her, he couldn’t believe how hard she had hit him.
“Finlay doesn’t fight as much as you do. That was uncalled for and unfair.”
Annalise peeked out from behind Arie’s tall form.
“Are you hurt? Did he hurt you?” Annalise grabbed his arm and started to check his body for signs of injury.  It was then that Ash noticed what Arie had dressed her in. Ash had to look away. If she wore that the entire trip, the fallen might as well kill him now.
“Seriously Anna? I am not helpless. I can handle myself,” he bragged.
Arie started in on her usual lecture. “Look where that boasting got you, Ash. You almost died once already.”
Ash shook Annalise off of him; he certainly didn’t trust himself to be that close to her while she wore something that tight. And her hair was pulled up off her face; it kind of made her look a bit dangerous. This was something he could definitely get used to. Arie scoffed at Ash’s gawking and stomped off towards Finlay.
“Anna you look so...” He couldn’t think of the words to use. She didn’t look so innocent and child-like anymore.  
“You look great.” He settled on the only thing that came to mind. It was a lame compliment, but he was sure she wouldn’t notice the difference. She tugged at the fabric a bit with her hands.
“Thank you Ash. It is a bit uncomfortable, but I think it will do.” She started to frown as the sounds of yelling filled the air. She peered around him, and Ash turned around toward the sounds. 
Finlay, who looked uninjured now, stood with Arie whose face was almost as red as her hair. Ash and Annalise both stood uncomfortably as the other couple’s voices got louder.
“I fight people all day long. Dangerous people. I am coming along. I know all about the fallen. I’ve been tracking Loki plus I have killed a few fallen along the way.” Arie demanded. Ash knew she was not being honest. 
“That’s a load of cowl and you know it.” Ash muttered. Arie shot him a look that told him to shut up, that he wasn’t helping her case against Finlay.
Finlay shook his head firmly and put his hand on her shoulders. “I am sorry Arie, but you can’t. It’s too dangerous.”
Arie put her hand inside her slim knee length boots and pulled out an odd shaped gun.
“I still have that weapon you gave me. I can still take Loki down.”
Finlay grabbed the gun from her hands. “Don’t fight with me, you are not going and that is the final word.”
Ash grabbed Annalise’s hand and started to drag her to the chair.
“We better sit down. We may be here a while.” Annalise followed quietly, but he could still tell she was quite engrossed in the fight. Finlay was fighting a lost cause; Arie never backed down. She didn’t get to be a sought after bounty hunter on her looks, though they helped.  It was because she was smart, cunning and brave. Thanks to their weekly spars, she was getting to be a better fighter as well. She could think on her feet, she could speak thirty different languages, she knew the entire planet like the back of her hand, and she could change everything about herself to blend in. The list could go on and on, but the truth was, Ash wanted Arie by his side in this. In the past, they had worked together for the keepers. Usually it was to find some criminal or a crazy rebel threat, but right now he knew they needed all the help they could get. Innocent Annalise, here beside him, had never hurt a fly and Finlay would be preoccupied by Loki.  Endarial had looked pretty tough, but he couldn’t take on her minions and her at the same time. Ash wasn’t stupid enough to go it alone.
“This is an interesting quarrel,” Annalise whispered in his ear. 
Ash noticed how fascinated Anna was with the emotions in the room. He looked at Annalise. “What do you mean?”
She still continued to stare at them.
“He wants her to be safe, but she wants to keep him safe. They really seem to care for each other, but this is forbidden. A union like that is not allowed.”
Ash cringed at the word “union” and shrugged. “Well you know Fin- He never plays by the rules.” He repeated Finlay’s words to him from earlier.
“I wonder if it could work.” She cocked her head to the side slightly. Ash groaned in frustration and yanked on her ponytail gently. She made a slight squeaking sound before grabbing her hair and turning to face him.
“You pulled my hair,” she said, confused.
“Sure did, only because I like you.”  Ash tried to reach out to her hair and give it another playful tug but she dodged him.
“You mortal men are so confusing.”  Her face was turning a slight shade of pink. Ash put his hand to her cheek and stroked it.
“You look so cute when you’re all embarrassed,” he said, catching her gaze. 
Anna froze, even her wings didn’t move.
“I am not,” she said quietly.
“Not what? Embarrassed or cute?” he teased.
She let a small smile reach her face and her bright blue eyes lit up. She opened her mouth to speak, but she was interrupted by a shriek.
“You are like her? Like that winged mutant over there?” Arie yelled pointing at Annalise.
Ash sighed and ran his hands down his face. He didn’t have time to wait all day for the two of them to catch Arie up on the comings and goings of the situation.
“Oh moons, Arie!” Ash stood up and turned in her direction. He felt Annalise move behind his body, and he instinctively grabbed her hand as he felt the fear roll off her body. There was no reason for her to be afraid.
“First off, she is not a winged mutant. She saved my life. Second, Jedzia is dead and that’s why I need to do this. I need to make things right. Someone trusted you to hunt their leader, Loki- so obviously you can take down some lowlife minion right?”
Her hand shot up to cover her mouth at the mention of Jedzia’s death. They had only met once, but Arie understood how much she meant to Ash. She looked at Finlay.
“Someone trusted me to take down Loki,” she repeated to him, trying to convince him to let her go.
“That was different. You were on your territory. This time, we will be entering his.”
Ash didn’t want to interrupt, as much as he was still mad at them for hooking up, he knew she was a grown woman who could take care of herself. Besides, he wasn’t all innocent himself. He had been pushing away thoughts of Annalise in her tight black jumpsuit since she put it on. 
Arie turned to Ash and gave him a ‘help me’ look. Ash only responded with a shrug. He wasn’t about to get on Finlay’s bad side again.
“I can help. This is no more dangerous than what I do every day, but you will leave me here all alone?”
Finlay stopped to think for a moment. What Arie had said made sense to him. He didn’t seem to want her to be left up here alone.
 “Fine. You can go, but if you get hurt then, Annalise- you are going to heal her.” Finlay rubbed his hands over his hair and sighed in exasperation. Arie smiled proudly and gave a little victory dance.
“Good.” Ash looked at Finlay, trying hard now to scowl.  “Now Arie, lets load up on some weapons; I know you keep them in here somewhere.”
Arie nodded and walked to over to her father’s room. 
“I’ll be right back,” Ash told Annalise as he walked over to the old man’s room next door.
He was surprised by the state of the room. It was practically empty. A small bed in the corner, plain metal walls and an old metal dresser. Ash walked closer to the dresser. On the top was a small frame with a picture of Sasha and Arie. She looked to be about twelve. She seemed happy. Her hair was a bit shorter and her body was still undeveloped, but she looked exactly the same. Ash picked the picture up and wondered what Sasha would say about Ash taking his only daughter on this mission. Over the years, he had grown to respect Sasha. Although in recent years, with Sasha’s drinking, that respect had slowly dwindled.
“Is he doing any better?” Ash asked as he gently put the photo back down.
“He didn’t come home again last night,” Arie mumbled. She was digging through the back of a closet, pulling out holsters, gloves and a few knifes. Ash walked over to where she stood and gently put his hand on Arie’s back. 
“He’s a grown man. I’m sure he is okay.”
“I’m sure he found a lead on a bounty and left without thinking,” she said, though her voice was uncertain. She turned around and slammed a bag into his chest.
“Here, take these.” She refused to look him in the eye, but went back to pulling items from the closet.
“Arie,” he said. He knew she was angry with him and he was sure it was over Finlay.
“How long did you know?” she shot back, while still refusing to turn around.
“About Finlay? I just found out yesterday.”
Her shoulders dropped in relief before turning around. Her arms were full of emergency items.
“Finlay understands me. Don’t fight on my account,” she told him and went back into the bedroom. Ash really wanted to be alright with the two of them together, but he knew how carelessly Finlay treated woman.
She was right, though, he had let his anger take over and cloud his feelings regarding Arie. Ash had been angry with Endarial, not with Finlay. He should keep his anger focused on the person he hated right now. Plus if he killed Endarial, he would also be helping Annalise’s reputation among her Elders.
Walking from Sasha’s room, Ash went back to where the other three stood, going through weapons.
Arie threw a small gun at Ash, which he promptly caught with one hand.
“Really?” he raised an eyebrow and shook his head.
“What?” Finlay held up his own gun and opened the chamber to reveal five small silver bullets. “It took me a long time to get these made… Shoot a fallen with a silver bullet. It will weaken and stun him.”
Ash shook his head. “No it can’t be that simple.”
“I didn’t say it would kill them, but it gives you an advantage. We also need to get some special weapons in order to kill a fallen, which I can get us.”
Annalise took her own gun and examined it.
“It makes sense. We do not have silver in our world because our world is focused on nature.”
Ash stuck the gun in a holster, even though they were having some differences, he felt as if he could trust that Finlay was right. 
He winced as he pulled his hand from the gun. He noticed that the blood was now dried and covering his right palm. That would be the last time he hit Finlay. He tried to think of something else so Annalise didn’t feel his pain. He would never get used to this connection they shared. It felt like an invasion of privacy sometimes. She gave him a worried glance, but Ash tried to ignore it. 
“You know where the fallen live?” he asked Finlay.
The male seraph nodded. “We have a double agent. She has gotten close to Loki, and will help us get in.


Chapter Eight



Annalise

Sometime later, Annalise found herself once again in the Underground and surrounded by the oddly colored smoke. This time, she was able to focus more on her surroundings since she wasn’t set on demanding things from Ash. However, she held on to his jacket, feeling uneasy in the tight space, her wings once again hidden away. She felt cramped and concealed, which is what she assumed keepers and bounty hunters normally felt like it. There was no light and nature in this space. Metal and darkness prevailed deep underneath the planet’s surface at the eighth layer. It was more packed on this night than it had been on her previous visit, wall to wall with people. The lights were multicolored as they shined around the room, only lighting it up slightly. All the tables were packed full of people, except for a single metal table near the bar. There sat a familiar face, one that Annalise had spoken with several times back home, though it had been a while since she had seen her in person. 
The woman stood up, tall and thin, and smiled widely as they approached. Her hair was still long and black, straight, and matching her eyes. Her mocha skin looked just as healthy as it had when she had last seen her, the job as a double agent not appearing to affect the seraph at all. Annalise couldn’t help the smile that spread over her face as she walked up to her old friend, “Natara, it’s a pleasure to see you.”
The taller seraph wrapped her arms around her in a tight hug. “Annalise, what a surprise. I hadn’t expected you to be a part of this secret rendezvous,” she whispered before letting her go, her smile not faltering a bit.
“It is quite the surprise for myself as well. It has been an interesting few days,” Annalise responded with a laugh as she tried to make a joke.
No one caught on, however, and she couldn’t help but drop her smile as they all sat at the table. She would never get the hang of the way humans spoke.
“I’m surprised Leon let you out of his sight,” Natara said, slight concern in her voice. 
Looking up at her with surprised eyes at the mention of her counterpart, the blonde shook her head, “Oh he did not have the choice. The Elders were not very happy with me when…”
“Don’t even worry about going into that again, Finlay has caught me up everything.” Natara turned her attention to Ash, and looked him over before glancing back at Annalise, “I can see why.”
Annalise looked at her with a blank stare, unsure of what she meant by that and why she had looked happily at Ash. Ash spoke up, causing her to move her eyes over to him. He leaned over the table, whispering as loudly as possible over the music playing, “Listen, I don’t mean to be rude, but we aren’t here for conversation. We need to know where to find the fallen, and quick.”
“I don’t think you need to rush into such things,” the dark haired seraph laughed, “They are vicious beings when they are hungry.” Her face fell serious as she closed her eyes, opening them to reveal that the whites of her eyes had turned into jet black depths in her face.
Throwing her hand over her mouth, Annalise jumped in her seat, her other hand grabbing Ash’s leg under the table in fear. It didn’t make sense to her why her friend could look like that, how she had not been made aware that her friend was no longer a seraph. It also surprised her how much her hand on the mortal’s leg made her feel comfortable and safe. “But how can you be fallen?”
“It was a choice I had to make,” Natara said with a shrug, her eyes returning back to their normal state, “I could not be seraph and travel in the pack with the fallen. I chose to have my powers stripped of me, sought out Loki, and got in good with them. It’s almost been a year now and I have found out much needed information. It is difficult to live without the ability to teleport or hide my wings; I have to bind them when I go out. However, Loki has made me a ring in order to restore my powers…well, slightly.” She held out her hand, showing the group her ring. It was large on her small hand, white gem glistening and set in a golden band. It was then that Annalise noticed her old friend did not have on the normal seraph golden bangle. Perhaps that had something to do with becoming fallen.
“I do not understand.”
“It’s spelled, Annalise, some sort of alchemy they have learned to allow us to manipulate our once given powers. Watch.”  
Natara pointed to the single plant in the entire underground, a vine that sat beneath the bar and twisted upwards on the metal beam. It began to twist away from the beam swaying back and forth in the wind, although there was no wind to be found in the underground. She was manipulating the air around them in order to use her affinity. It was similar to how Endarial had manipulated the fire from her lighter earlier. 
“That’s amazing,” Finlay said, laughing as if he was a boy in a candy store, “But don’t you miss this?” He picked his hand up off the table, a vine growing out of the metal table and following his hand up several inches. He looked around at the group, excited, eyes beaming with joy. That was just a small show of what he could really do, but he was happy with himself. 
“That’s just ridiculous,” Arie said, sitting back in her seat and crossing her arms. 
Annalise could tell the girl was still uncomfortable with what they were. It made her thankful that Ash had been more understanding, more open to the other species around him and not acting like a child. “These things will come in handy,” she said, eyes set on the redhead trying to make her understand before she turned her attention back to the group. Everyone else had stopped using their powers and were whispering among themselves.
“These rings are a new development since you checked in last. I am surprised that Loki has gotten ahold of alchemy magic. Who is helping the fallen?” Finlay asked with a worried look in his eyes. Natara didn’t answer immediately; a smile left her face.
“I don’t care, we need to go now,” Ash insisted, growing more impatient by the second. She could feel him weighing his options, part of him wanting to go on without them if they continued to sit instead of acting, but the other part of him knowing they would need his help. 
“We should do as he asks,” Annalise agreed, trying to show him that she was in agreement, “The sooner we are able to get this over with the sooner I can go home and we can all get back to normal.”
He looked over at her, clearly disappointed and trying to hide it, but she wasn’t sure why. She thought they were on the same page. This was something they needed to get done, and they were doing it together. Then they would go back to their lives, even though that meant being separate. There was nothing between them, he had made that clear to her. It would never work. Still, she wondered. All these feelings had her so messed up, and she would not make a rash decision without getting them under control first. Especially if he did not want her to stay here with him. She had seen mortals in love, those wanting to be together, and this was certainly not it. Really, she wasn’t even sure why he was looking at her like that…or what it meant. 
“Okay then,” Natara agreed, “But first, tell me what you know about killing a fallen.”
“Well nothing. I know that silver bullets stun them for a limited amount of time. They seem tough but I love a challenge.” Ash said, eyes moving over to look at Annalise and then back at the fallen in front of him. She looked at him puzzled, wondering what he had meant by that glance. She wished she had a book on mortals, or had paid more attention to these subtle cues while she had watched them in her globe. 
Arie interjected, clearly irritated at the way things were going, “I’m sure little Anna here knows about challenges, huh? She’s the reason we are in this mess.”
The seraph narrowed her eyes, irritated that the girl that she barely knew and did not get along with was shortening her name. That was a pet peeve of hers, and only her closest of friends were permitted to use it, “My name is Annalise, and no I did not cause this.”
Natara interrupted the conversation, putting it back on track, “It doesn’t matter who started this, so forget the bickering. What you guys need to know is how to deal with the fallen. Annalise, how do you kill a seraph?”
The seraph was shocked to hear Natara asking her such things. Of course, she knew the answer, but it wasn’t something she cared to think about. Absent mindedly, she raised her hand to run it through her ponytail and took a few slow breaths before answering, “A sword. It must be a silver sword or one dipped in silver. Some of our power comes from our wings. Once removed, we somehow loose our ability to remain immortal. They will grow back over a few days, but during that time we are incredibly vulnerable. If one were to cut off the wings of a seraph, they would only need to kill them as if a mortal but with that same weapon. That would end their life.” 
She dropped her eyes to the table, not wanting to talk about the subject anymore. It was enough to worry about losing Leon, seeing as she had no idea what he was doing. Every time she thought about it, she paused to see if she could feel anything. If he were to die, she would know it, feel every second of it, and put everyone else at risk. 
Natara picked up where she left off to explain the rest, “That is the same way you destroy the fallen. With a silver sword.  That should do the trick.”
“Where can we get the swords?” Ash asked, excited and ready to get set on the mission.
“I have several weapons at your disposal at my home. We can go there and rest up for tomorrow.”
“I don’t want to waste time with sleeping.”
“Ash,” Finlay said, hand slapping the table dramatically, “You mortals need your sleep. I’m not having my Arie going out there trying to fight fallen and getting hurt because you were too anxious to go jump into battle.”
Arie huffed at his comment and turned away from him, “Whatever, Fin.” 
But Annalise was sitting close enough to see Arie try to hide her embarrassed smile by looking off to the side so no one could see. The seraph tilted her head to the side, puzzled at this girl’s behavior. She was tough enough to hunt down the universe’s most vicious creatures, but still girly enough to be embarrassed when someone was trying to take up for her. It was something that Annalise needed to work on, she decided, being tough and being a valuable member of the team, but still being vulnerable enough so that she could remain girly and herself. She did not want to be someone they were protecting during battle; she wanted to pitch in so they could all be safe. However, she didn’t want to lose herself in the process; that is what was making Ash be protective of her, and she found that she enjoyed that. 
Natara leaned in over the table, catching her attention as she spoke to the group, “Okay, we need to get out of here and head to my home. I have a back door, you could say, to get down to the lower levels. The fallen are in level ten, that is, if you can survive the monsters lurking in level nine.”
“That’s impossible,” Arie exclaimed, sitting up in her chair, “You can’t go into the tenth layer, it’s been closed off. You can barely get into the ninth layer, it’s too dangerous. Trust me, I’ve tried.”
“Well, little girl, you’re in for a surprise then,” the fallen laughed as she stood up from the table. “There is one more thing, however,” she said seriously as she looked back and forth between Annalise and Finlay, “You guys will not be able to teleport once we get into the ninth layer.  The fallen have some sort of technology from an alchemist that prohibits this. Just be forewarned.”
This bit of information scared Annalise; teleportation had saved them several times and if they could not teleport, they had no choice but to rely on weapons and fighting skills. Neither of these was something she was good at, and she had a feeling that Ash would rush them into some dangerous situations with his impulsivity. She would be forced to follow him. 
Everyone stood up, pushing in their chairs and making their way to back exit of the bar. Annalise once again followed behind Ash, taking a hold of his garment and trying to breathe in the tight space. The closer they got to this dark battle, the more anxious she was becoming. She had never been in battle before, only heard stories from Leon. He had said he would come help them, take out Loki himself, but he was nowhere to be found. It hurt her to think her counterpart may have turned his back on her. She had left with the mortal, the one she was supposed to kill, and here she was continuing to aid him on his quest. Yet it was her quest too, the only way she could see to get back home and have a normal life again.  They left the bar and continued down the street to a dead end. 
As they neared the wall, she set her eyes on two large males, creatures she had never seen before. She wasn’t sure what species they were. They were large, much like the guards in the Grand Hall, and they looked down at Natara in recognition.
“Can I help you?”
“I need to get home,” Natara said simply with a wave of her hand.
The guards looked at the rest of them in curiosity, their eyes stopping at Annalise and narrowing slightly, “I’ve never seen that one before.”
Ash pulled her closer to his back protectively, “She’s with me.”
The guard considered Ash’s words for a moment before nodding, “Okay.” He must have recognized Ash as a keeper, probably unaware he was not currently active. 
Annalise held onto him fearfully as they passed the guards, looking straight ahead to avoid looking directly at them. She leaned into Ash and whispered, “What is the purpose of those guards at the entrance to her home?”
“They keep the inhabitants of the ninth layer from getting out.” 
It made her fearful that such things had to be done and she wondered what kind of awful creatures lived below in order for such precautions to be put into place. They walked into a tunnel, this one made out of a large round tube of metal. As they walked, Arie turned to look over Ash’s shoulder to address Annalise, “You know, I knew a girl once that got lost in these tunnels on her way home. No one ever heard from her again, never even found her body. They say you can still hear her screams late in the night if you listen closely.”
“Arie, don’t scare her too badly,” Finlay chastised and took her hand, leading her a little further ahead of them.
Annalise tried to ignore the words that the mortal said, knowing that she would be safe with two other seraphs with her, even if one was technically a fallen at the moment. She noted that the tunnels veered off in several directions as they continued on and could see how easy it would be to get lost down here.
At the end of the tunnel stood a stone door with rosebuds and thorny stems etched into it. Natara stepped up to it, retrieving a small key from her pocket, placing it into the hole and pushing the door open.
“Welcome to my home,” she smiled and moved aside for them to walk in.
Annalise took in her surroundings, pleased to find themselves in a living space with furniture made of wood and what appeared to be soft feather seats. She let go of Ash and walked over to sit down on one of the soft surfaces, “This is fantastic. How were you able to bring this here?” 
“I made a very good deal with the Elders when I chose to spy for them,” Natara said and shut the door behind her as the others took their seats.
Annalise looked around the room, taking it all in. It was a small space, much like her own home, but with a fancier kitchen than she would ever have there. It appeared more as one that Arie had in her home. There were no windows, so they were still closed in, but there were various plants throughout the home. That made it slightly less intimidating and more like home. It made her feel safe, being here. She hated to think that they would have to leave tomorrow and some of them may not return. Even though there was no sunlight or sky to look at, she felt more at home.
“Well, I’m exhausted,” Finlay said as he feigned a yawn and stretched his hands above his head, “I think I’m going to head on to bed so we can get going early tomorrow.”
Annalise could see Ash roll his eyes, knowing that seraphs did not need to sleep, that the blonde probably had more on his mind than that. She reached over to put a reassuring hand on Ash’s leg, noting the less than happy glare in his eyes. She gave him a small smile as Natara spoke.
“There are three bedrooms. I know it sounds like a lot, but I house a lot of guests coming back and forth between the underground and the lower layers. Both fallen and seraph take refuge here. I just have to be mindful for them not to see each other.” 
Arie narrowed her eyes at Finlay, “We better be able to trust her.”
He just shrugged and put an arm around her, “It’s all good, dear, Natara here is just like one of us.”
Natara did not respond, she simply stood up to come take a seat across from Annalise and Ash. Arie’s concern worried Annalise somewhat. She had no reason not to trust her old friend, but she had been gone from their realm for a long time, and they had a lot of catching up to do. Ash, however, needed rest so she did not want to keep him up too late. She needed to be there to watch over him again this night, as she had before.
Finlay led Arie out of the room, making himself comfortable in the home as if he had always been there, leaving the three of them alone in the room. Annalise decided to bring their situation to her attention, if anyone knew what was going on it would be Natara. She was known for her vast knowledge of the mortal culture, as well as that of the fallen. Her home in their realm had housed every book ever written by the seraphs and she had read them all, several times. She would be able to answer any of their questions.
“Natara,” she started, ready to have some answers, “what has happened to me and Ash? I can feel his emotions, and he can feel mine as well. He can manipulate water, as the fallen do, not create it as the seraphs do. This has been since I healed him, brought him back from the brink of death when I was sent to take his soul to the Grand Hall.”
She could feel Ash go still beside her, no doubt troubled by her sudden questions. The last time she had spoken to her kind of such things, Leon had given her the ultimatum; the one to end the mortal’s life in exchange for a free ride home to prove her loyalty. She had turned her back on her people in a sense, and she just hoped she could be forgiven. 
She could tell this statement came as a surprise to Natara, as she leaned back in her chair and eyed them curiously, “You two are bonded. Souls are meant to be taken, Annalise, when the time is right. Sometimes when a mortal is brought back after death, it creates a bond between the two. A deeper bond than would have been if they had met with different circumstances. That is what you two are. Bonded.”
“What does it mean to be bonded?”
“It means that Ash here is part seraph now. He is still mortal, but he can survive in our realm as well as his own. He can learn to have more control over manipulating water, since it is your affinity. This power will be a lot stronger when you are around though. It is possible though that if you are not around it for a long period of time, his ability could become dormant.  You, however, are becoming more like a human. I’m sure you’ve noticed the overwhelming sense of your emotions being more powerful than usual?”
Annalise nodded in response, but kept quiet to listen to the rest of the story. 
“You have gained the ability to feel as a mortal does. It is odd, though, that you have bonded with a keeper who has been trained to keep emotions in check…but still get those intense emotions.”
“That makes sense. I have felt more powerful emotions, as well as those I do not recognize.”
Natara’s eyes wandered over to the quiet Ash, and Annalise could feel him struggle to hide his feelings from her. She wondered what he was thinking as he stared intently at the fallen, absorbing all she had to say. She wished that she could put up such a wall in front of her feelings.
“Actually, there is a legend that says a bonded pair will destroy the fallen. We do not know what this means exactly, and it could be complete rubbish,” she said with a wave of her hand, “but rest assured the fallen will try to kill you if they find out what has happened.”
“Oh, they are quite aware,” Annalise said, frowning. The thought of the fallen looking for them worried her.
“Anyway, bonds like yours used to happen all the time. Before the seraphs closed off our realm from that of the mortals, about a hundred or so of the seraphs were bonded with mortals. Back then, the guardians would protect the female seraphs and also help fight alongside the mortals to keep the invaders off of the planet. The female seraphs would aid in healing when they would return from battle. The mortals would seek out seraphs or vice versa to bond with, and stay together until the mortal died. This would allow not only protection for the mortal from outside threats, but also give the seraph a partner in battle. That is what these abilities were used for, the sharing of affinity and emotions. Both of which can be controlled, but it takes much more practice that what you two have done to be done correctly.”
Annalise turned to her companion for his insight, and saw that he was deep in thought. She wasn’t sure what it was, but she could tell something had changed in his demeanor.  Leaned over on his knees, chin rested on his hands, he appeared to be thinking about the things that Natara had said. It was then that she noticed his still bloody hand. It was swollen slightly from the fight with Finlay with cuts along it. She was frustrated with herself that she hadn’t healed it yet. That would be something she would need to do when she had the chance.
“It’s normal for bonded to feel each other’s feelings. The two of you just have to decide if you want to fight it and put up walls, or allow it to be of use to you. The bond makes the two of you an oddity. First bond to be created in thousands of years. I’m sure the Elders aren’t happy about it either. They closed off the seraph realm in order to preserve those of us who wanted to be kept safe from the treachery of…mortals…” she cleared her throat as if to change the subject and continued, “But of course, some of us were left behind and never heard of again. The rest of us tried to move on without being bonded. However, it was never discovered what the missing link was that actually caused the bond. Even when our realms were still connected, creating bonds became more difficult over time. Some tried after the worlds were separated and it never worked. Those seraphs who had left their bonded behind became lonely, filled with mortal emotions and unsure how to deal with them. That’s why counterparts were created. To tend to that part of us that would like a companion, and protect one another. It was also then that the females began to reap the souls and place them in the Grand Hall and the males began to take mortal charges. I do not really know what the point in this was, only the Elders do I suppose.”
“Is there a way to get rid of it?” Ash asked, not moving from his spot or looking up.
Annalise’s heart sunk in her chest, sadness creeping over her and surprising her. He did not want to be around her. He did not want to be able to share feelings with her, be bonded to her. It cut her deeper than she had thought it would, but she had her answer to if he cared for her or not. 
“There are rumored ways to end it, but I do not know that you would be willing to try them. We will have to speak of those things another day,” Natara said, standing up and folding her hands in front of her, “I believe you need to get some rest before we dig out the weapons tomorrow and send you on your way.”
Ash nodded, standing up and walking down the hall without saying a word. Annalise jumped up from her space on the couch, hesitant to follow him but wanting to speak with him in private. She gave Natara a smile, “Thank you for your information and your help.”
“It’s no problem my dear friend, just watch that mortal.”
Nodding to the fallen, Annalise walked down the hallway and into the bedroom where she felt the feelings radiating off her friend. She stepped inside the room slowly, feeling slightly uncomfortable to be alone with him with such feelings swarming around her. There was fear, anger, uncertainty, excitement, all wrapped up into one big confusing aura floating over to her.  He was sitting on the edge of the large bed, hands folded in his lap, serious look on his face. She closed the door behind her, considered taking a seat in the chair at the side of the bed, but decided to sit beside him so they could talk.
Folding her hands in her lap to mimic him, she tried to avoid the increasing awkwardness in the room, “I am glad that Natara is helping us on our journey. I will watch over you again so you can sleep. I have this gun now. It shall protect us.” She laughed slightly, pulling it from her pocket and examining it again. Such a weapon was never needed by her before and she really did not even enjoy touching the material that it was made out of. Cold and hard, she moved as if to toss it into the chair by the bed. 
“Be careful with a loaded gun,” Ash scolded. He reached out to grab the gun and set it gently next to his own weapons on a side table.
She placed her palms on her thighs, fingers moving to pick at the fabric on the jumpsuit. Uncertain of what else to say, she stared at her own hands while the feelings from her friend continued to flow to her. She could tell he was trying to hold them back so as not to bother her, but they were so strong, and there were some that she did not understand. She wanted to ask him about them, but she did not want to push him if he was upset.
“Perhaps we should try to contain these feelings?” she asked, pulling one leg up onto the soft fabric and making herself comfortable sitting sideways on the fabric to look at him.
He looked back at her, eyebrows still pulled together in concern as if he were trying to figure something out. After several minutes, he finally nodded, “Sure.”
Annalise let out a breath she hadn’t known she was holding, her heart racing the entire time he had been quiet. She turned her hands over, palm up, on her legs, “Take my hands, we will figure this out. If we are to fight, it would be best if you could better manipulate the water when I create it. That should help us. These feelings as well…they are so intense.”
He did as she asked and placed his rough hands on hers, but he continued to look at her. She dropped her eyes from his, focusing on something else other than his intense blue eyes staring back at her. There was no other time she had felt so unsure of herself, so uncertain of what to do or say. They had been alone before and it hadn’t felt like this. There was something about the way he was holding himself, whatever he was thinking, that was making her uncomfortable. Trying to avoid it, she closed her eyes and focused her power to their hands. His skin on hers made the emotions even more intense, but she tried to block it out. For a second, she opened her eyes to look at him. He was still looking at her with that intense gaze, words on his tongue that he wanted to say.
Annalise tried to glare at him, knowing it wasn’t the most successful expression she had ever tried, “This will not work if you do not take it seriously.”
“I know.”
Dropping her gaze back to their hands, she gave his a slight squeeze and he let out a sound of disapproval. She muttered an apology, realizing his hand was still injured, and pulled her hands out from under his. He was making this much more difficult than it needed to be. His short answers and unwillingness to show any sensible emotions had her so confused. “I, um, need to heal you. I am sorry I have not done it earlier. I just, I do not know…” Letting her voice trail off, she held her palms over his hand and let her power fulfill her. It was the second time she had shone bright around him, but the only time he had been able to see it without being close to death. The light underneath her hands shone onto his and she began mumbling her blessings to work her magic. Healing his hand was simple, nothing compared to bringing him back from the brink of death. She smiled in approval as she moved her hand from his to see his healed hand underneath.
Suddenly, Ash grabbed her hands, and she looked up at him in question. “What are you doing?” she asked, trying to pull her hand away from him. She wondered what she had done to upset him, not understanding why he would be upset with her for helping him. Those emotions she did not understand were making her so confused, he was upset, but yet he was not. 
“Are you going to do what Leon asked you to? Are you going to kill me?”
“What?” she exclaimed, shock coming over her face as she looked up into his worried eyes. It was obvious to her now that he had stewed over this since they had left her realm, but she had been trying to ignore this connection and hadn’t realized it. She had to make him understand, there was no way she would do that. He was her friend. They were in this together. She owed him that because she cared about him. More than she had allowed herself to admit before. It hit her then, these feelings that she was having for him. “No, I would never. Ash, I think-”
Annalise wasn’t able to finish her sentence, because he was leaning in to her, his eyes closing as he closed the distance between them. She froze, her body unable to move in anticipation of what was about to happen. She felt her heartbeat speed up as his face inched closer. He had leaned in like this previously, on the beach, but only kissed her hand. Annalise felt her body begin to tremble once again, but she hoped he would not stop this time.  His lips connected with hers then, sending a thrill of electricity through her body. She felt him run his hands up her arms and take her face in his hands. Her hands moved up to his arms to steady herself, doing the best she could to kiss him back. It wasn’t something she had done before, and she could only hope that it was correct. He pulled her closer to him, so she assumed it was just fine. Deepening the kiss, she tried to follow his lead. He was slow and steady, not rough and quick like Leon had been in their quick goodbye, but Annalise could feel the passion in it. He was letting out all of the things he hadn’t said to her, and she in return was showing him how she felt about him. If he wouldn’t let her say it, she would show him.
She let him lead her, moving his hands back down her body and eliciting shivers throughout her skin. Had her wings been there, they would have presented some problem, he continued to move his mouth against hers and pull her closer to him. Running her hands up his chest, she wrapped them around the back of his neck and pulled herself closer to him. She found her breath coming quicker with each movement, odd sensations rolling over in her stomach. 
“Ash,” she whispered, making him pause to look at her as he played his hands along her side. 
“Yes?”
Again with the short answers, but this time his voice was softer, those intense angry emotions fading away.
“I do not want you to hate me.”
“Anna, I don’t hate you,” he said with a laugh, a lazy smile coming over his face as he leaned down to kiss her again.
This must be what mortals speak of when they write about bliss in their poetry. This need to just be held by the one you care about. Being in his arms now made her realize that she had longed for it since the time they had met. She had thought several times of the way he held himself, of how blue his eyes were, his adorable smile when he would joke around with her or think she was funny because of her cluelessness.  She trusted him, with everything she was, in a different way than she had Leon. It wasn’t just with her safety and loyalty, but her heart as well. She was a part of his life now, and he was a part of hers, whether or not either of them wanted to admit to it. They would never be the same again, and she knew it. 
As their kisses became more urgent, he pulled her closer to him and continued to kiss her. She didn’t want to speak again, ruin what they had as his kisses moved down her neck. But she couldn’t help herself, there were so many bad things that could happen the next day and she felt like they needed to talk about them. “One of us could die tomorrow, Ash,” she said, breath coming slightly labored as she pushed at him.
He pulled back from her and shook his head. His hand came up to cup her face, his finger caressing the side of her face as he spoke, “I know, Anna, and I don’t want any regrets. I’ve not been able to get you out of my mind since I met you. I know you say that us being together is forbidden, but we’re already on the run…and I don’t want to miss out on this connection we have. Do you?”
She considered it for a second. If he died tomorrow when they went on their journey, would she regret the choice to not spend time with him, just enjoying his company and his lips on hers? She cared about him, that much was clear now. As much as she knew this could never work and she wanted to be home so badly, she knew she could never forgive herself if she let this opportunity pass her by. The inability of herself to pull away from him, look away from his eyes now, showed her that he had changed her life. 
“No, I do not. Just be patient with me,” she said softly, still concerned she would do or say something wrong.
He laughed, lowering his eyes to meet hers, “I’m not even worried about it. I will take care of you. You are safe with me.” 
It was something that she already knew, because he had never been anything but protective of her. Annalise gave him her best smile and nodded, happy and content where she was for the first time since she had brought his soul back. He kissed her again, more passionately, as his hands moved around her neck. She wrapped her arms around him in response and tried to pull him closer, unable to think clearly as his fingers began to undo the knot at the base of her hair. She began to feel self-conscious. She reached up to stop him, feeling more nervous as he was surely more sure of himself than she was. 
“Trust me,” his voice cooed as he let go of the fabric and took her hands in his. He placed kisses down her knuckles and looked deeply into her eyes.
Annalise felt the breath catch in her throat as he pressed their hands to his stomach. She grasped the bottom of his shirt and he nodded. She pulled it upwards, slowly, anxiously, her hands trembling as he dipped his head to allow her to remove it. Tossing it off to the side, she allowed herself to take in his chiseled and tanned form, the muscles moving along his body as he leaned forward to kiss her neck again. She closed her eyes as electricity ran through her body as he did so.
“Ash,” his name slipped from her lips and her fingers played up his body and gripped his shoulders firmly. This was where she belonged, she was sure, in his arms and with him. Bonded and together. Until they would be forced to separate. She just hoped that he would ask her to stay so they could be like this again, and live in love with each other. She knew now, that this feeling every time he came near was love, and that she never wanted that to stop. That’s all she wanted as his hands glazed softly against her skin and she lost herself in the sweet smell and indulgent touch of his body. 

Ash

Ash wandered through the familiar tunnels outside of Natara’s home. He knew each turn and path to take as he slowly made his way through the dirt, rock, and metal. He wasn’t planning on going far; he just needed to get some energy out. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Jedzia. Her face as that cowl-eating fallen snapped her neck.  Ash felt bad for sneaking out of the bed with Annalise. He knew she didn’t need to rest, but they had fallen asleep in each other’s arms. He hadn’t felt a connection with another person like this before. Most of the other girls he had been around were just a way to have fun or pass the time. The girls would always come running to him after a fight. They were pushy, and didn’t require any thought on his part. Sleep wouldn’t come to him, however, guilt crept in every time he closed his eyes. Guilt for the part he played in Jedzia’s death. Guilt for dragging innocent Annalise into his revenge trip and getting her banished, and unfortunately, guilt for kissing her. Who was he kidding? He had been holding back his feelings for her since the moment she saved his life. He had tried keeping those feelings in the back of his mind where had they stewed and ate at the brick wall he had built; until finally he had given in and kissed her. The moment she told him that she wouldn’t kill him, he had been so sublimely happy. There was no way he couldn’t not do it. Being with her was probably the biggest mistake he had ever made, and he had made a lot of them over the years. He didn’t care though, today he was happy and that was all that mattered. He had strayed from everything he had been taught to be able to do these things, and feel these things. Why had he defied the Officials if not to fall in love or do what he wanted?  If he could only get this fallen mess behind him, he could focus on Annalise and him. Maybe he could convince her to keep the bond. Ash stopped walking as he realized he had made a wrong turn somewhere. Everything around him looked the same, but he had to be close to the house. In front and behind of him were nothing but metal walls. He hadn’t been paying attention; just lost in his thoughts as usual, and this had become all too normal for him. He felt his spine tingle as his keeper instincts kicked in. Someone was close by. Ash put his hand up, ready to fight whoever or whatever was around the corner. Creatures normally lurked in the tunnels, but Ash wasn’t scared. He could take seven of them with no weapons and not even break a sweat. He slowly took a step forward, turning the corner to jump out and face his opponent. Instead of a hideous creature, he came face to face with an old friend. Anger and hate showed plainly on the man’s face. Ash didn’t dare lower his gaze, instead he looked right into Jaron’s dark eyes. Jaron’s brown hair stuck up around his head like a thorny crown and his eyes were bloodshot and tired. 
“Jaron,” he acknowledged. 
Growing up as a keeper, it was like growing up in a different world. They weren’t allowed contact with the outside layers. They only knew each other and the higher Officials. There were no parents, family or fun allowed. The days consisted of schooling, training, eating, and sleeping. On the occasional days off, Jaron and him would sneak off from the keeper conservatory and get into whatever mischief they could find. Swimming in the manmade ocean, hitching a spaceship ride with a trader, sometimes they would even lie out under the night sky and watch the dozens of planets in the sky. The same planets that brought war and destruction to their sector of the galaxy, these were the planets they fought. They had grown up being taught that keepers were the glue holding the planet together. Without them, the planet would be taken over. The citizens were safe underground, while the keepers kept the war off of the surface. Ash shook his head slightly as he thought about all the lies he had been fed growing up. The keeper’s intentions might have started off as honorable, but these days they spent more time trying to control the people than actually saving them.  Keeping the peace wasn’t an easy job, most of the time. Ash had to turn the other cheek and do things he felt were wrong, all because the Officials had given him orders.  He had been ordered to stop traders from bring supplies to the lowest layers. He had been ordered to take out rebels in the underground. He took orders, they all took orders. These days, no one was giving him orders and he liked it. He savored the way his freedom tasted. Now he savored something else entirely: revenge. Jaron has been the one to turn Ash in; he had betrayed him all so he could get in good with the Officials. The past couple of years; Jaron only cared about power. With Ash out of the way, Jaron had a better chance becoming Jedzia’s partner and a better chance at becoming an Official. The day Ash had been chosen to train for an Official position over Jaron, was the day Jaron had turned his back on their years of friendship.
“Feeling the guilt yet Ash?” Jaron asked. He looked rough with his long black coat and dirty boots. 
“I didn’t know they would follow me there. You have to believe me; I would never do anything to hurt my friends.” Ash tried not to let his emotions show; he didn’t want to give Jaron the satisfaction. If Jaron let his guard down, it gave Ash the advantage to attack.
Jaron laughed and rubbed his unshaven chin with his hand.  “How did he even get down here? He must have followed us from the bar and hid in the tunnels,” Ash thought. He silently cursed, he should have stayed hidden.
“You don’t care about anyone but yourself. That’s why the Officials are looking for you, and that’s why I’m going to bring your dead body back to them.”  Ash felt his fists start to ball up, Jaron had hit a nerve. Ash had no idea how the fallen tracked him and Annalise down since she was teleporting. Still somehow they had found the keeper nook.
“I’m not going to listen to this.” Ash held his hands up and tried to take a step around Jaron, but Jaron followed his move and blocked him. “Don’t do anything you are going to regret. I am going to kill that fallen,” Ash told him.
Jaron’s right arm swung out to knock Ash down, but Ash was a keeper and he knew exactly how Jaron fought. He grabbed Jaron’s forearm tightly before pushing him away.
“You always fought like a girl,” Ash smirked. The statement pushed Jaron off the deep end and he started to scream and charged at his former friend.
Ash stepped to the side to dodge Jaron’s attack.  The man wasn’t thinking clearly, he was fighting with his emotions, not his head. That was the first thing that keepers learned. Emotions had no place on the battlefield. 
“I wanted her,” Jaron yelled, as he hit the wall. He turned around to look at Ash. “Jedzia was mine. You were out of the picture, I made sure of it, and this was my time to shine for the council! I deserved to train for the Official position, not you.”
Ash winced as Jaron’s betrayal was confirmed.  “I knew it was you.” What other things had Jaron been hiding?
“Yes. We all fought and worked in the conservatory while you snuck off to fight and drink and play cards on the eighth layer of all places. We’re not allowed to consort with females- but you did anyway. You were always so selfish, careless and you didn’t care who you put at risk. Sune always had a soft spot for you. He believed you would be great.”  The last sentence that left Jaron’s mouth came out as a mockery.
Ash let Jaron’s words sink in. They were all true. He could be careless at times. He did put those he loved at risk. The day the council told him that he would be on a sabbatical burned in his mind. “Only until we decide if you can come back,” they had told him, “You have broken too many rules, a keeper must be obedient.”
Ash didn’t care, the keepers were wrong. Everything about them was wrong. He hadn’t felt loyalty to them in a long time. Jaron could take his spot for Official.
Ash leaned to the side to dodge another one of Jaron’s fists before countering with his own left hook straight to Jaron’s nose. He smiled as he felt the crack of Jaron’s bones against his knuckles. Jaron looked stunned for a moment, before his eyes turned cold. Ash felt fear for only a split second. Jaron started to throw cleaner punches. They came back to back in an unnatural fashion. Ash put his hands up to block each punch, but he couldn’t keep up. Jaron was moving much too fast. Missing Jaron’s right fist, he felt the impact against his jaw from his left. His head snapped back and hit the metal wall behind him. Jaron put his forearm against Ash’s throat. He pushed him against the wall in a forceful choke.
“Wow!” Ash laughed, tasting the blood inside his mouth. He struggled to take another breath. He let Jaron’s ego inflate a little. Jaron had gotten better since the last time they sparred.
Then, Ash used his strength to easily push the keeper off of him. 
“Did you really come down here with no weapons?” 
Jaron smirked in response. Ash flexed his hands impulsively. He couldn’t believe it, this guy was ruthless. 
“I wanted to kill you with my bare hands. I want to feel your life leave your body, I want you to feel my pain, and after I am done with you, I am going to kill that blonde you were with.”
Jaron moved once more to attack, each punch and kick being blocked without hesitation by Ash.
“I’ve always been a better fighter. That’s why I was chosen to be an Official over you. I could stand here all night. Aren’t you tired yet?” Ash knew he was being a little cocky, but it was his nature.
Jaron wiped the blood that had dripped from his nose with the back of his hand. Ash may be the better fighter, but Jaron was cold and brutal. 
Looking into each other’s eyes, Jaron started to speak.
“If fighting you didn’t work, I had plan beta. Bringing home the traitor would surely result in a promotion from the Officials.” He reached into his jacket and pulled ot his keeper blade. Ash looked at the long jagged knife; he used to own a similar one. The keeper symbol was engraved on the metal handle, the titanium blade sharp and thick. He instantly wished he had brought a weapon. Of course, he didn’t think he would need it. He hadn’t planned on going far, and he knew he could fight any creature. That was what he got for thinking arrogantly. 
“And,” Jaron added, “Since I’m going to kill you anyway. I might as well let you know that the fallen didn’t get to the keeper nook because they followed the two of you. It was because I saw you sneaking around outside and I called them.”
Suddenly, so much made sense. Jedzia had the feeling that Jaron was up to no good. Annalise said he had talked to the fallen like they were friends. Jaron was working with them.
“Why?” Ash spit out.  How could Jaron betray his own kind like that? He had brought the enemy into their homes. Realization dawned on him. “You are the reason Jedzia is dead, not me.”
Jaron brought his blade up as Ash made that last comment. “No, they were supposed to kill you and take the girl. Jedzia was to be unharmed. You weren’t supposed to fight them! You weren’t supposed to go to her home.”
Ash took a step back against the wall. What could Ash do? He could fight him, but with the keeper blade in his hands, Jaron had the upper hand. The keeper blades were infused with an essence that made the beholder stronger, faster, and more agile than before. Ash knew he could only hold him off for so long, but he would die trying. He wasn’t about to go down without a fight.
“And you have been working with these fallen? Do the Officials know?”
Jaron didn’t answer; he only spun the blade across his hand like a baton before taking a swipe at Ash’s stomach. Ash jumped back with barely enough time and spun around to kick the wall. Using his entire body’s strength, Ash kicked off of the metal wall and aimed his other leg at Jaron’s hand. He meant to try and knock the blade from his grip, but Jaron was too fast and moved from within range. Jaron made a few more swipes with the blade, and barely missed each time. With a frustrated cry, Jaron made one final try for Ash’s heart. This time Ash was ready and grabbed his hand firmly once again trying to knock the blade from his grip. Jaron held on to the blade with a deadly vengeance and used his elbow to knock Ash in the face. Ash felt the ground slip out from beneath his feet as the two of them struggled for control. They both fell to the ground; each fighting for control of the blade. Ash gritted his teeth as he struggled to gather up all his remaining strength. The sound of a woman’s cry made them both look up and pause. 
A few feet away stood Annalise, with her gun in her hands.
“Get off of him, Jaron. Back away slowly.”
Jaron recognized the defeat and started to climb off of Ash.
“You don’t want to do this seraph. An eye for an eye, Ash deserves to die.”
Annalise looked conflicted as the held the gun out in front of her with two hands. She shook her head, her blonde hair swishing back and forth in her ponytail.
“No, Endarial is the reason Jedzia is dead. Ash would never kill someone.”
Ash couldn’t believe how blinded Jaron was about his own part in Jedzia’s death.
The sound of Jaron’s evil laughter filled the tunnels echoing back and forth. “Ash? Ash has killed plenty. Tell her old buddy. Tell her how we used to visit the fourth layer.” He looked at Ash with a grin, but Ash didn’t look amused. He knew what Jaron was about to say, and he didn’t want Annalise to know. He wasn’t proud of the things he did as a keeper, and she wouldn’t understand.
“Kill him Anna. Now!” he demanded, but she didn’t move.
“No? Well…” Jaron took a step further away. “Ash here murdered an entire crew. Spacecraft 908, carrying medical supplies to the fifth layer. We were given orders because there were rebels on board. He blew it up. There was also the time-”
“Kill him Annalise. He’s working for the fallen. He was the one who called them to the keeper nook that night.” Ash grew impatient. Annalise needed to end this right now. He didn’t like Jaron airing his dirty laundry.
“Ash is also responsible for not one but two keeper deaths.”
When Jaron said this, the interest in Annalise’s blue eyes flashed. So the keeper continued on. “Ash was supposed to go with a newly trained keeper to track down and bring back a drug peddler on the eighth layer, but Ash got sidetracked with some girl of the week. The keeper, Gabe was his name, he went alone hoping to find Ash already at the home. Ash never showed up- the poor boy was dismembered limb by limb for information. That’s what started this sabbatical by the Officials. It was only when they learned the extent of Ash’s activities that they started to become concerned.”
Ash took a deep breath before he had the nerve to look across the tunnel. Her blue eyes were wide with disbelief and fear. His heart ached with his own disappointment. 
“It’s not like that Anna- I swear,” he pleaded with her. He wasn’t proud of the decisions he had made in the past, but Jaron was twisting the truth. 
Jaron, who was obviously losing it, gripped his dagger tighter and took another step back. “He’s a monster Anna. A reckless and careless monster.”
She looked back and forth between to two men, torment glossed over her eyes. 
“Trust me,” Ash mouthed to her. He hoped she would end it all right here. He wanted her to believe him. Ash didn’t teeter on two worlds anymore. He had to declare a loyalty to someone, and the keepers no longer owned him.
With his final word, Annalise pulled the trigger on her gun hitting Jaron square in the chest with the silver bullet. He flew back and hit the floor.
The popping noise echoed in the tunnel, causing her to jump back. Ash jumped up and ran to her side.
“I’m so proud of you,” he whispered. 
“I do not like it when people call me Anna,” she replied.
They both looked at Jaron’s lifeless body, jealousy and hatred had driven the poor keeper mad. In a way, Ash felt sorry for him, but the feeling was quickly washed away. He had come to the tunnels to kill Ash and return the betrayer to the Officials.
Annalise slammed the still hot gun against Ash’s chest. She didn’t say a word. She refused to look him in the eyes.
“Talk to me,” he begged. He knew she was mad. He could feel it. He had snuck out of the bed after she had given herself over to him. He didn’t mean to hurt her; he had just needed some time to think.
Even though her face was emotionless, he knew what a big step she had taken. He tried to ignore the hurt that drifted off of her. Annalise had just made her first kill.
Finally she opened up her mouth to speak, “I-”
She was cut off by Finlay and Arie running down the tunnel from the entrance of Natara’s home. Finlay made it to them first, but Arie was close behind.
“What’s going on? I heard a gunshot,” he exclaimed. He looked at the sight before him.
Arie stepped over toward Jaron’s body.
“Oh moons,” she said shocked. “How did he get down here?”
Ash put the gun in his pants and walked over to the body. He pulled the keeper blade from the dead man’s grip and felt the power instantly fill him.
“He must have followed us from the Ethereal Underground, he was here to kill me and bring me back to the Officials.”
Arie suddenly understood what was going on, she wrapped her arms around Ash and held him tightly.
“You’re a rogue keeper, of course they wouldn’t let you just walk away.”
Ash put his arms around his friend; she knew what his future held. It wasn’t like he didn’t expect it, but until Jedzia’s death, a part of him had expected the Officials to turn their heads and overlook his mistakes. He had always been a favorite of Sune, but now his influence seemed to be lacking. Now that he knew that Jaron was the one to call the fallen to the nook; he wasn’t sure what to do with the new found information. Would anyone believe him?
“I do not understand,” Annalise said.
Finlay put a hand on her shoulder protectively 
“If you are a keeper, you are a keeper for life. If Jaron was down here looking for Ash, the Officials must have decided his fate.”
Ash let the redhead go and turned to Annalise.
“I was already teetering on the edge when I was put on a sabbatical. They believe that I lead the fallen to the nook and caused Jedzia’s death. It must have broken the vote.”
Finlay walked over to Jaron’s body and lifted him up in one sweep over his shoulder. He made it look so effortless.
Ash punched Arie in the shoulder playfully as he caught her gawking at the seraph’s strength. She looked away embarrassed and rubbed her arm.
“Maybe Jaron came looking for you on his own. He seemed to be very angry with you.” Annalise told him.
Ash put his hand on the back of each of his friends and slowly ushered them back towards the house. He looked around nervously.
“It’s possible, but right now I’m not worried about them. I’m worried about anyone who heard that gunshot. We need to get out of these tunnels now. It’s not safe.” 
Finlay was already way ahead of them. “Ash take them back, I will dispose of the body before a reaper shows up.”  They both gave a short nod before going their separate ways. 
Natara greeted them at the door, her dark hair pulled high up on her head and her lips pursed with curiosity. 
“What are you three doing?” she hissed, ushering them inside the small home. “Do you think I can afford to be seen having keepers and seraphs outside my home?” Ash pushed the two girls in first, both of them apologizing to the woman who had graciously opened up her home. Ash gave her a crooked smile, but didn’t say a word. He had a bad feeling about this lady, as much as he wanted to trust her.  Something about her just didn’t sit right. Over the years, Ash had learned to trust his keeper instincts, and he wasn’t about to abandon them now.  Natara went back into the kitchen where she was setting out a huge array of foods. Looking at it, Ash realized how hungry he was. He hadn’t eaten in days, and had slept only a handful of hours. Normally he would be worried, but he figured it was the seraph inside him now that no longer needed so much of those mortal things. He grabbed Annalise’s arm and pulled her to the corner of the room.
“We need to talk about what just happened.”
Annalise shook her head. “Not now, not with everyone in the room.”  Her eyes focused on Arie who sat comfortably on a chair only a few feet away.
“Trouble in paradise?” Arie asked. She raised an eyebrow and gave them both a suspicious look.
Ash took a moment to gather his thoughts. 
“We don’t need to worry about the keepers looking for me. We need to focus on killing these fallen so Annalise can get back home. I am the reason she is being banned, so I will make sure she gets back there. If that is what she wants.” He looked at Annalise from the corner of his eye. Back home was the last place he wanted her to go, but he wasn’t about to assume anything right now. He didn’t deserve her; he had no right to ask her to stay.
Arie nodded in agreement. “They won’t send too many people down this far- plus I’m the one who they usually hire to find traitors. I won’t hurt you.” She gave Ash a quick wink. It was typical of her to flirt with Ash, but this time it only made him feel awkward.  He looked at Annalise again, but she refused to look his way. She stared at the wall, deep in thought.
Ash cleared his throat to fill the awkward silence. “I hope Finlay is okay,” he muttered. 
Annalise let out a loud but short laugh.
The others all looked her way, it was so unusual for her to be so loud. 
“Finlay is used to cleaning up your messes,” Annalise explained.  “After all, he was your guardian.”
“What are you talking about?” Ash asked. He remembered her explaining what the different seraph roles were, but she had never mentioned Finlay’s role. 
“Finlay is, or was, your guardian. Who do you think has been there making sure you do not get into too much trouble or get hurt?”
It made sense, Ash thought. Finlay had been in the right place at the right time when they met in the underground and since then he always seemed to pop up when needed. Except for the one time he didn’t; the night Ash was supposed to die.
Arie’s eyes were lit up with excitement. “Do I have a guardian too?” she asked.
“Did I miss anything?” A voice appeared from the front door. Finlay walked in covered in a red clay like substance. His usual blonde hair was dark and matted against his head and his clothes were singed along the edges. Arie rushed over to his side.
“What happened?” she exclaimed as she picked off some of the red stuff from his shirt.
“I threw Jaron in a volcano,” he boasted.
Natara walked in from the kitchen to see her friend tracking in dirt all over her floor.
“Jaron? Oh my- Finlay you are covered in dirt. In my home!” Ash could have sworn he saw her eyes flash black for a split second before she waved her hand at Finlay. A gush of wind tore through the room causing books to fly off the shelf and a mirror to fall off the wall and break. Arie let out a small yelp as Finlay pushed her against a wall and Ash instantly put an arm out in front of Annalise. He wasn’t sure what was happening, but he was certain Natara was about to try and kill them all.
The wind hit Finlay straight on, but it didn’t seem to faze him. All of a sudden, all of the terrain, soot, and dirt drifted off of him and lifted from the ground. Natara threw her hand back behind her pointing at a small potted tree in the corner. Finlay looked cleaner than before.
Everyone’s mouth dropped in amazement as the particles fell into the pot.
“That- was- amazing!” cried Arie, she ran up to the brunette and started to pester her with a dozen questions.
Ash felt more scared than impressed though. He turned to Annalise who seemed to have a similar look on her face.
“Too strong for a fallen stripped of her powers,” he whispered. If Natara could use her powers so easily like that, what could Endarial dish out, or Loki, for that matter? The fallen were supposed to be weaker.
When she didn’t answer, he retreated. She obviously needed some more time to sort out her feelings.  Confusion and anger still drifted off of her. Seeing Finlay so clean made Ash long for the same.
“I’m going to take a shower before we eat.” He walked away, leaving her to pout in the corner.
Sometime later, Ash stepped out of the small bathroom feeling relaxed and refreshed. He hadn’t realized how dirty all this traveling had made him, and he felt pretty embarrassed that Annalise had seen him so dirty last night. 
He retreated to the bedroom he and Annalise had shared the night before and laid down on the bed. He couldn’t be around her right now. The entire time he was in the shower, he kept feeling her disappointment and it was killing him. He wanted so badly to just scoop her up and ask her to teleport them to some far off planet and never come home. He wanted to say screw duty, but he couldn’t. He wanted to protect her, but he also wanted to kill Endarial. 
He felt a small smile appear on his face as he heard a quiet knock at the door before opening.
Looking up, he saw Arie’s red hair instead of the blonde he was expecting. He tried not to look disappointed as she sat down on the bed.
“You need to come eat.”
“I’ll be out soon; I just need some time to think.”
She nodded. She knew not to press the issue, and began to walk back towards the door. She made it only a few steps before she swung back around and put her hands on her hips. “Is there something going on between you and Annalise?”
 Ash sighed and threw the pillow over his face. He didn’t want to discuss this with her. “It’s none of your business, Arie.”
He felt her reach over and grab the pillow that blocked her view. 
“I knew it.” she smiled broadly “You and the seraph are doing the hissy.”
“I said it’s none of your business.” Ash sat up, annoyed that Arie was prying. She rarely pried; in fact she usually tried to keep the subject off of the females he and Finlay would pick up at the bar. 
“Oh, so who I date is your business, but not the other way around?”
“Yes,” he said, “Finlay is way too old for you. You are nineteen. He is like a thousand years old.” 
Arie just stood there staring at him with a dumb look on her face. Of course, he knew it was because Annalise was just as old as Finlay.
“Plus,” he continued, “I am more responsible, mature, and grown up than you are.” 
Again, Arie gave him her blank stare. Of course, Arie was all of those things. Ten times more those things than he could ever be. Ash silently cursed himself. He couldn’t think of any excuses. He just didn’t like the fact that Arie was with any guy. He wanted to protect her.
“Just don’t fall too hard for him,” he said after a long pause. “I know Fin and he is not a one woman kind of man. In fact- the guy doesn’t stop at women if you know what I mean. He’s just about hit up any species that has walked through the Ethereal and then-”
Arie put her fingers up and held them against Ash’s lips.
“Shhh. I don’t want to hear anymore. I didn’t jump into this blindly. I know he doesn’t care about me the way I do him- Natara told me that seraphs don’t have the same emotions we do but I waited too long for you Ash. You made it very clear that you didn’t do relationships- that you weren’t allowed. You’re not a keeper anymore. Does that change anything?” She looked into his blue eyes searching for an answer. Ash closed his eyes and sighed. He did not want to have this conversation with her right now. He had too much on his mind already.
“No, Arie. It doesn’t change a thing. You are like a sister to me. It would be too weird.” He patted her right shoulder and stood up to leave the room. He didn’t want anyone to think something was going on. Arie looked hurt.
“I’m sorry,” he said, stopping at the door. “I really care about you Arie, but right now my heart belongs to someone else.”
“I knew it- I knew it!” she hissed with an accusing finger out. “I got you to confess,” she taunted.
Ash groaned again. Arie was manipulative; she had to be in her line of work. He should have known.
“So that whole speech?” he asked.
“Yup, just a way to get you to confess. If you haven’t noticed there is a blonde seraph out there that I’m crazy over. Just be careful, we all need our minds clear if we’re going to be able to win this fight.” She reached over and opened the door to leave. “I’m starved.”
Ash followed her into the main room toward the lofty smell of something delicious. 
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Finlay and Annalise huddled on a chair talking. He didn’t like how close Finlay was sitting to her. He also didn’t like it when Finlay reached out and squeezed her knee. Ash swallowed his anger and watched as they both noticed his presence.
Annalise jumped up. She was nervous, she must have told him. The thought of her sharing their most intimate moments with anyone, especially Finlay, made his blood boil. 
Ash stared coolly at Finlay as the blonde strolled over to where he stood.
“You better watch yourself,” Finlay warned. Was Finlay threatening him? Was he referring to Annalise or Arie?
“What are you talking about?”
“You are playing with fire here. Annalise is very new to this world- she doesn’t understand the carelessness of mortals. Watch yourself.” Ash started to open his mouth, he wanted to tell Finlay where to shove it, but he really didn’t feel like having another broken hand. Luckily, Natara interjected just in time.
“Come eat. I made human food!” 
Ash slowly turned sit down, he was hungry and right now his hunger was more important that his jealousy.



Chapter Nine



Annalise

She watched with a slight irritation as she heard Finlay give Ash his version of threatening someone. As she crossed her arms across her chest, she tried not to show any kind of concern. That was difficult for her, hiding her emotions. She had always been the kind of seraph to wear her heart right on her shoulder, but this intense ache in her heart is where that had gotten her and she was determined not to let it happen again. If she was going to survive, make it back home in one piece physically and emotionally, she would have to toughen up. She only wished Leon was here to help her with that, he would know what to say and do. Only, he wouldn’t be happy with what had transpired the night before with Ash. She closed her eyes and tried to erase those thoughts from her mind. Every time that mortal man came near her, she thought about how soft his touch had been, how sweet he was to her. He had shown her the ways of love, and it had been one of the most wonderful experiences she had since being in the mortal world. That was, before she woke up to find herself alone in the eighth layer of the planet; scared and confused. She had found herself going to look for him when she woke up and found him at the hands of Jaron. After hearing all of the shocking revelations from the mouth of the madman, Annalise wasn’t really sure who Ash was anymore. Even worse, she had killed for him, and it made her sick.
The seraph remained away from the group and watched as they ate their breakfast. Natara had gone out of her way to prepare a large meal for them, most of it was made out of plants and fruits, but Annalise knew the girl had a knack for making anything taste good. Finlay was even eating his fill, preparing for the battle to come. She wasn’t hungry though, the thought of food made her stomach flip in an unpleasant way. Ash sat in a seat with his back to her, which made it easier for her not to try to catch his eye, or have to fight to avoid it. Still, Finlay had been right, if they were going to go down into the dangerous parts of this world, all of them had to work together. He had tried to teach her about battle and sticking together. If she continued to ignore Ash instead of focusing on their strengths, it could put all of them in danger. One of them could end up dead because of it, and that was certainly not something that she wanted to happen. 
When everyone was finished eating, Natara brought them over to where Annalise stood, “Are you ready to train before you go? It will be beneficial for you to learn how to fight, and you and Ash to practice using your connection.”
“I suppose,” Annalise responded and continued to try to hold her emotions in check as the others came to stand beside them.
“It’s settled then,” Finlay smiled and moved to stand in front of the group, “We shall go outside and do some sparring. You mortals need to learn how to defend yourself against a fallen.” He gave Annalise a wink and helped himself to the back door and waved his hand as if to ask everyone to go outside.
She glanced over at Ash, who was walking towards her once again, and tried not to run out the door. Not sure what to say to him, she gave a small smile and continued outside, him right behind her. She could tell he still wanted to talk, and she would do so before they left. Being outside was not at all what she had expected it to be. It was yet another tunnel, however this space was more of a large square metal tube. It was as big as a large room decorated with the resemblance of a garden. Annalise sighed. She missed the sunlight on her skin and wished they could return to the surface once more. All of this metal and darkness was really dragging her down. She felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see Ash giving her a worried look.
“I do not like all of the manmade materials,” she explained and dropped her eyes to the ground.
“We will be out of here soon enough,” he said and ran his finger down her cheek sweetly to try and give her some comfort.  
She closed her eyes and allowed herself a minute to enjoy the softness of his skin on hers and the excitement it elicited in her body. This was something she had not felt before she met him, and now that she knew what it was, it was not so confusing and scary. When she realized she was showing her emotions so freely, Annalise took a step back from him and crossed her arms. She turned her attention to Natara. 
“I think it will be best if Annalise and Ash work together, Finlay, so you can help Arie practice. Just remember, it is going to be best if you fight defensively. You want the fallen to think they have the upper hand so they will get cocky and make a mistake. Their new human emotions since being cast out make them unstable. Do not advance on them too much or you will get yourself hurt,” Natara explained and sat down on a fake stump. She eyed Ash and cocked an eyebrow as if to show she knew this would be hard for him. “If you can destroy their ring, you will destroy the source of their power,” she added and looked around at everyone.
Finlay took Arie’s arm and walked over to the opposite side of the room to train. Annalise watched as he leaned in to kiss the redhead, full and hard on the lips, before beginning to work with her on how to fight him. What she imagined as jealousy crept up into the seraph’s heart as she watched, knowing Finlay would not leave Arie in bed alone and unsafe while she was sleeping. Neither of them appeared to care that they were breaking all the rules by being together and openly showing affection.
“Anna,” Ash said which caught her attention.
She turned to look at him and raised her face to get a better look into his blue eyes, “Sorry, I was distracted. I do not know anything about fighting, you will need to spar with Finlay.” The seraph found herself not wanting to be too close to him at the moment so she tried to push it off on her friend.
“But we need to work with this affinity of yours.”
“Yes,” Annalise sighed in agreement. She knew this was true. If they were to have any chance against the fallen, they would need to work together. If their powers were supposedly so great as a team, they needed to practice and try to build it up. She took a few steps back from him and let the water flow from a few inches in front of her hands to the ground.
The corner of Ash’s lip went up in a smile, and she herself couldn’t keep the smile that spread over her own face as he watched the water flow. They had never been in a situation for him to actually watch this happen. When they were at Jedzia’s home she had acted impulsively to save him, but now he could just watch. It reminded her of how happy she had been as she watered her flowers, watching them sprout from the ground. “Try to move it,” she said.
Ash nodded, focusing his eyes on the water and moving his hands to mimic hers. The water struggled slightly, and sprayed to either side of them. Annalise let out a girlish giggle, “You are going to have to try harder than that.”
She watched as his eyes looked up at her, and heard the challenge in her voice. His smile became more crooked, his concentration more so as the water straightened again and then the entire stream moved to the left and to the right as he directed it. “This is easy, Annalise, why don’t you let me show you how to fight?”
She narrowed her eyes at him and shook her head. Annalise knew that he was trying to use the powers, and doing well with it, but that in battle it would be much harder to concentrate. Suddenly it dawned on her that she was acting as if everything was fine, like the upsetting events had not occurred. She forced herself to stop laughing and felt the irritation filling her up again as he smiled back at her. Using the power inside her, she forced it into her water to create a large and forceful stream of water. She pushed it out towards the mortal. As it came at him, she could see the uncertainty on his face as it slammed into him and threw him into the metal wall.
She made the flow stop, and crossed her arms in satisfaction, “Like I said, you will have to do better than that.”
He looked back at her with shock and possibly hurt that she would do such a thing, and regret hit her. It filled her quickly, and she realized that she really could have hurt him physically in her rage. She ran over to him and dropped to the ground beside him. It surprised her when she threw her arms around him when she had just been mad with him a few seconds earlier. “I am so sorry, Ash, are you hurt?” Pulling back, her eyes searched his and at that point, she didn’t care that she was showing him how much she truly worried about him. She was just glad he was safe. 
Ash smiled at her, and pulled her closer to him, “I’m fine. You’ve got quite the punch there, Anna.”
Unable to pull herself away from him, she spoke truthfully, “I do not know what I would do if I lost you or was the cause of you being hurt.” It hit her suddenly, the thought of losing him. Even though they had only known each other for a few days, there was something between them that made her attached to him. Something that would miss him when she went home. Love perhaps. 
“Anna,” he whispered and ran his hands up and down her arms, “Don’t worry about me. I should be apologizing to you. I’m sorry I left you this morning. I just needed to get out of there and get out some energy, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“But you left me,” she insisted, trying to make him see how much it had hurt her, “A seraph is most vulnerable when they are sleeping and I trusted you enough to fall asleep…and you left me there…in the underground alone.” 
“I’m really sorry, Anna, I just mess everything up. When you told me you weren’t going to kill me, I was just so happy and I was afraid that one of us would die and I would have missed out on the chance to just be with you.”
“But when a mortal loves another, they do not just leave them there, alone,” she insisted, drawing from the small amount of knowledge she had about the mortal culture, surprised at the word love she was using so freely.
He paused and cast his eyes to the ground as he let her go and leaned back against the wall. Covering his eyes with his hands, he shook his head and then looked back at her, “I don’t deserve you. I’m no good for you, you could do so much better than me. You’re a seraph and you’re so kind and I’m just a screw up.”
“No-”
“Yes, yes, Anna,” he insisted and grabbed her again to make her look at him, “When this is over, I will make sure your name is cleared and you can go home.”
Annalise could see the seriousness in his eyes, but also the pain and regret. She wanted to tell him that she did care for him, that she forgave him, wanted him to want her to stay here with him. Part of her wanted to go back home, but the biggest part of her wanted him to ask her to stay. Beg him to do so, and she would tell him that she loved him. Then they could be together. Annalise did none of these things, however, she just looked back at him with sadness in her eyes, feeling as if he wanted her out of his life so it could go back to normal. Before their time alone together, she thought he had not wanted her. She desperately wanted to go back home and be a seraph, continue her life as it had always been. But that would mean that she would be without Ash. Now, she realized wholly the extent of her feelings for him, but she was terrified. It would never work between them. So why was she feeling the need to beg him to stay with her? If he cared for her as she cared for him, he would not have gotten up and left Natara’s home to “get energy out”.
“Leon would not have left me. When I healed you, it took a lot out of me, so much that I slept for several days, and Leon did not leave my side.”
Ash frowned, “See that’s what I mean. No one can be better than your precious Leon.”
It hit her hard, that he was speaking so lowly of Leon. They had been together for over a thousand years, and Ash would never understand that. He was not much different than Finlay, she could see that now, and she was not sure why she thought there was even a small possibility that they could work out. She tried to remind herself that Finlay and Ash would drink ale and have fun with women, and push her feelings for him aside.
There was silence for a few moments before he spoke again, “Did you tell Finlay about…us?”
Annalise let the shock play over her face as she looked at him, “I would never tell him such things! I cannot believe you would think that. He asked of course, and I told him what I did was none of his business.”
She tried to shut her feelings off quickly so as not to show how hurt she was once again and decided to once again try her hand at joking to get the conversation off the night before, “You know, you look very handsome drenched in water.”
“I think you would too,” he said, eyes growing serious. 
She paused, seeing the water on his clothing start to shake. When she opened her mouth to say something, she was stopped by the water flying off of Ash and onto her. Closing her eyes as it drenched her, she could hear him laugh at her and then his weight on top of her. She snapped her eyes open as he grabbed her hands and pinned them above her head.
 “What do you think you are doing?” she demanded and felt her face turn an embarrassing shade of red.
“Fight me! You can’t teleport. How are you going to get a fallen off of you?”
Annalise paused and considered his words. He wanted to spar with her, make her think about what to do once they are around their enemies. Her face grew serious as she caused rain to pour from above them. She tried to fight him off, moving her hips up and down to try to buck him off of her. “I do not know, Ash,” she said finally, exasperated when the water did not affect him even though is smacked against his back hard.
“You aren’t hitting me hard enough.”
 “I do not want to hurt you.”
“Here friend, let me handle it,” Finlay said as he came to stand over the two of them.
Ash shook his head, “No, I’ve got this.”
Finlay sighed and took the mortal by the clothing, and pulled him off of Annalise. He placed him off to the side and cracked his knuckles, “Alright, sweetheart, show me what you’ve got.”
Annalise looked at him in confusion and began to get up, but Finlay was on her quickly and pushed her back onto the ground. She let out a yelp as she hit the metal floor, panic rising in her body. He tapped her bangle, which forced her wings out of her back and across the wet floor. She opened her mouth to object but he covered it quickly, much to the irritation of Ash. She could feel his anger rising, protesting as he came back to stand beside them. He didn’t like being pushed aside by Finlay.
Finlay ignored his protests and lowered his face down to the seraph. “Fight me, come on Anna.”
She narrowed her eyes in anger, furious that he was making a mockery of her in front of everyone. She brought on the rain, harder and faster this time which brought a curse from Finlay’s lips. Pleased with herself, she made it swirl around the two of them, taking it upwards to the ceiling and bringing the water spout pounding down on his back. He moved a hand to wipe the water off of his face and she took the opportunity to reach for his wrist to tap his bracelet and release his wings. She could hear a shocked gasp come from Arie, which made Finlay pause and look up at her.
Annalise pushed herself off the floor with her wings and grabbed ahold of the seraph’s clothing to take the two of them into the air. She reached into her pocket to retrieve her gun and slammed it over his head. 
“Ow, Anna, watch it.”
Annalise ignored him and grabbed his hair, pulling it upwards and then balling her other hand into a fist. She slammed it into his chest and he finally let her go. He hovered in the air, still, and looked at her in shock. Annalise took a few deep breaths and lowered herself to the floor, surprised at herself and her sudden fight. 
“That was pretty good,” Finlay admitted as he tapped his bracelet to hide his wings and fell to the ground. He landed on his feet and cast a worried glance at Arie and then looked back at Annalise, “You had me very distracted. I think if you can use that little brain of yours with the fallen like that, you will be fine.”
She looked down at her hand, surprised to see that it was not broken as Ash’s had been when he hit Finlay back at Arie’s home. It made her feel more empowered to know that she was some sort of a match for the fallen, even if she was still terrified. She watched as Arie ran over to Finlay, shooting her a less than happy glare, and started whispering to the male seraph. 
Annalise looked over at Natara who gave her a silent clap, and over at Ash who looked very surprised that she had fought so hard when Finlay spared with her. She knew then that Ash was her weak spot. If one of the fallen got the best of him, she worried that she would be weakened, or if he betrayed her, that would be the end of her. It scared her to think of these things.
 “Alright guys, we need to get you out,” Natara said suddenly as her head snapped over to the back door, “Sounds like I have company.”
The group stood up quickly and followed her to the far side of the room. She lifted up an iron bench that sat there, and placed it off to the side. Natara reached down to the floor, she used her hand to dust off some of the dirt and pull up a trap door. “This is going to take you to the ninth layer, follow the tunnels and it will lead you to the tenth. That’s where you will find Loki. Expect fallen to attack on your journey, and it could take a few days to even reach the bottom layer. Be careful, the ninth layer is home to banished creatures, including many original inhabitants. Trust no one.” 
“Well, let’s go,” Finlay said excitedly, being the first to start down into the darkness. When he landed he paused, and looked back up at the group with a smile, “Annalise, don’t forget I am depending on you for healing for the mortals. I will do it if I need to but it won’t be pleasant. We need to all work together. From now on, put your issues to the side. Deal?”
Everyone looked back and forth to each other and nodded. Annalise wasn’t sure that she wanted to spend too much time with Arie and she knew the girl wasn’t fond of her either, however, she was Ash’s friend and that made her somewhat important to the seraph. The redhead followed Finlay down into the hole and Ash followed suite. Annalise walked over to the hole in the floor and saw him looking up at her from down below, “Come on down, there’s nothing to be afraid of.”
She lowered herself to the floor and peered down past Ash to see what it looked like down there. She moved to place her foot on the ladder that lead downwards and began to move. Before she got out of sight, she looked up to see Natara watching her. She held out a small bag to the seraph, “Take this food. You may all get hungry on your way.”
Annalise took the small bag from Natara and tied it around her waist. She gave her old friend a smile, “Thank you so much for helping us.”
“It is no problem, dear,” the fallen said as she smiled down at her. She reached up to close the door, “Good luck down there.” And with that, she shut the door, and left the rest of them in the darkness.
Annalise finished walking down the ladder and felt Ash grab her waist and help her down off the last step. She wanted to insist that she could help herself, but did not want to start any more arguments. She turned to see her friends and struggled to see them in the darkness, “Where are the lights?”
“We will have to find a lamp or switch of some sort along the way, if there is one,” Finlay answered and reached into his pocket to pull out a lighter, “This will have to do for now.” He held out his open hand and a small tree grew over the space above it. He used the lighter to set each limb on fire, it helped light up the small space a little better.
He continued on ahead, Arie close behind him. Annalise reached for Ash’s hand and held it tight. She let him lead her on. “I do not like the darkness. I wish that I had an affinity for fire.”
“Don’t wish that, you’re perfect how you are,” he said and turned to look at her with a smile.
“How will we fight the fallen in the darkness?”
“There are lights around here somewhere. We will be fine.”
She pulled herself closer to him and took his arm. It made her feel more secure. His touch seemed to give her some sort of strength. They continued on, way lit only by the small tree Finlay held up in front of him. Annalise was thankful that the tree wouldn’t burn due to seraph magic. Nothing much was said by either she or Ash for the first hour or so as they walked. She decided to keep her thoughts to herself for that time, so as not to distract any of them. It would be better this way in case they got ambushed. Still, her thoughts continued to drift to the situation with Jaron and she felt the insistent need to speak about it.
“Ash?” she asked and looked up at him. He was on alert, she could see that, but as she spoke he looked down at her and part of that faded. 
He gave her a lazy smile. “Yeah?”
She wasn’t sure how to express herself to him, never having to rely on anyone else other than Finlay and Leon. It was something she didn’t think she would do, but there was something about the mortal that made her want to open up to him and share her feelings. “I find myself trusting you. More than I probably should,” she said, settling on that but not being satisfied with it.
“Okay,” he said with a laugh, confusion and amusement coming over his face. “I don’t know if that’s supposed to be a compliment or not.”
“Oh it is!” Annalise exclaimed and gave his arm a squeeze. “I do not mean it in any other way.”
Ash continued to look at her as if he was waiting for more of an explanation.
“It is just that I-I have never needed to express my feelings to someone else as I think I need to with you. They are so confusing and so many new emotions from this bond. It is difficult to muddle through what is and is not important.”
He gave another laugh and hooked his arm around her neck and pulled her to him, “I make the ladies a little crazy, it’s normal. You will get used to it.”
“Do not put on that show for me, Ash. I am serious.”
Frowning slightly, he leaned into her and whispered, “Anna, really, it’s going to be fine. What’s the matter?”
“It is Jaron…I have never ended someone’s life before. All I knew was that he was going to hurt you if I did not do something, and I had that gun in my hand. I had to, but it was awful.”
“I’m proud of you,” he boasted and wrapped a second arm around her to give her a hug, “You showed him who’s boss.”
“I do not want to be anyone’s boss, Ash. I took a life. That is not okay.”
“It’s not the end of the world. You did what you had to do and we are alive because of it. Don’t you see killings all the time with your reapings?”
Annalise shook her head, “No I actually do not watch that part. Life is sacred and important. It is not something to play with and smother out. Yes, I reap the souls once they are dying, but I do not watch the act itself. I cannot stand it. That is the first time I have seen it, and it was at my own hands.”
“Well you better get used to it,” he replied matter-of-fact, “because there will be many more deaths on your hands as we go through the ninth layer. People who enter rarely make it out alive. The creatures down here won’t hesitate to kill you.”
She let out a sigh and leaned over against his arm. He was right of course, and she hated to admit that to herself. What bothered her most about Jaron is that he had been human. Annalise had expected to kill fallen and monsters, but not mortals. Perhaps she could find a way to forgive herself, and maybe, just maybe, she could find a way to move on from all the carnage they were surely going to create. 
“I do not want to be weak,” she said suddenly and looked back up at him.
“You aren’t weak,” Ash said as he stopped walking and turned to look at her. He put his hands on her shoulders and leaned into her, just inches away from her face, “You have gotten stronger. You are only as weak as you make yourself. I know you have it in you.”
Annalise nodded and tried to fight the urge to pull herself closer to him as she wanted to do. This was the first time he had gotten this close to her since she had woken up alone, other than the sparing, and she wanted so badly to close the distance between them. She raised a small hand to run it around the back of his neck and push herself up onto her tiptoes. Her heartbeat sped up at just the thought of his lips on hers. 
As she closed her eyes, excitement filling her up, Finlay’s voice rang out, “We aren’t alone, friends.”
Ash pulled back from her as if nothing had happened and took her hand to lead her closer to the rest of the group. She tried to hide the disappointment as she followed him, fear threatened to come over her as they stepped up beside the other duo. She did not want to know what was there in the dark. Even though she thought she was prepared to fight, the time was here and she was worried she wouldn’t do well.
“Who goes there?” a voice came out from the darkness. 
“Harper Finlay, seraph guardian,” Finlay called out, his voice loud and intimidating.
“Ahhhh a seraph,” the voice said, curiosity flowing from it, “you should be thankful the fallen have not found you before I have.”
“We have met, unicorn,” Finlay responds, “You should know I’m not worried about running into a fallen.”
The unicorn laughed and the lights flashed on, that all too familiar florescent sound filling up the small tunnel. Annalise slammed her eyes closed, the light flooded through the area and was painful to her eyes. She would really be happy to return to her realm where there was sun instead of harsh fluorescents. 
“Is that Leon’s counterpart I see there?” the voice asked, a little closer now.
“I don’t see why that’s any of your business,” Finlay said sternly.
“Unicorn?” Annalise exclaimed and moved closer so she could see what stood in front of her. There was a tall creature in a humanoid form, long multicolored hair flowing in waves down to his waist. He was very pale, the whitest form she had ever seen, red eyes standing out in the stark, bland face. He was taller than any of them, thin yet muscular from all of the running she knew that unicorns tended to do. In the center of his forehead was a short golden horn. That part of him, she knew, was deadly and poisonous. 
Annalise pushed past Ash and tried to get around the other seraph, but he grabbed ahold of her arm and would not let her past. “Let me be, Finlay, he will not hurt us. We are lost and he will help us find our way. ”
Still, he would not let her go. She knew of this creature, he had helped Leon on many a journey. Unicorns were rare and normally very evil creatures. They could shape shift, but always carried the same color scheme in any form they took. However, they could make you see what they wanted you to see. If you wanted a beautiful short female or a tall slender male, they could make you see that. They lived off of the essence of other beings and expected that in return for their services. They could drain a being in mere seconds if they wanted to. She had heard horror stories about the species, and they were incredibly dangerous. Still, Leon had told her about this one and had trusted him on several occasions. 
“Why, it is Miss Annalise,” the pale creature said and bowed slightly at the hip, “What brings you down here where others are forbidden?”
“We seek out Endarial the fallen.”
The unicorn shook his head, still no expression crossing his face, “She is a dangerous one. I think that you should leave that to your counterpart.”
“He is not a part of this,” she clarified, “would you be willing to help us reach the tenth layer?”
He cocked his head to the side and considered her words, “And what would you give me in return?”
Somewhat fearful to get near the creature, she looked at Finlay and begged him with her eyes to let her go. He did so, and Ash was beside her quickly, “You’re not going near that thing alone.”
“Who is this?” the unicorn asked curiously.
“This is my friend, Ash the keeper.”
“A keeper, hmmmmm?”
“Would you stop telling him everything he wants to know?” Ash asked, clearly irritated that she was doing so.
Annalise turned to him, using the same method of convincing he had used back in the tunnels with Jaron, and mouthed, “Trust me.”
She took a few slow steps forward and could feel Ash right behind her. “You may have some of my essence in reward for your help.”
The unicorn closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of her as she got closer. It made her slightly nervous on the inside. She knew that he would not hurt her, that as long as she was honest with him, that he would help her. Leon would have his head if he laid a hand on her or anyone in her group. She knew these things, yet she couldn’t tell anyone or she would give herself away. Unicorns expected nothing but truth and sincerity from those they mingled with, even if they did not give the same treatment in return.
Once she reached him, she held out a hand to him and tried to ignore Ash hovering silently by her side. The unicorn smiled at her devilishly, rows of sharp teeth showing as he did so. Ash opened his mouth to say something, but the unicorn’s mouth was lowering to hers, stopping before it touched her and drawing out the essence she had offered. 
It caught her off guard, as it flowed from her mouth into his, flashes of his lifetime in her mind, a small child left alone in the darkness, battling to survive until he was fully grown. All of the mortals he had seduced and stolen life force from. It was painful for her to watch, yet she knew Leon had seen the same thing. She felt Ash’s hand on her shoulder, ready to pull her back, when the unicorn let her go and stepped back.
“Ahhhhh delicious,” he said, closing his eyes and inhaling once again.  He opened them, red and intense as he looked at her, “I will help you, counterpart of Leon. Follow me and be diligent.”
She turned to look at Finlay and motioned for him to follow. He looked at her, shocked that she was still alive and taking Arie’s hand to keep her safe. “Do not get near that thing. I’ve seen him in action and he is not to be trusted,” he whispered to the redhead, who nodded in response. 
The unicorn walked ahead of them, and Ash leaned in to Annalise, “That guy is a creeper.”
“A what?”
“He’s creepy, Anna.”
“I do not care,” she whispered. She knew that the unicorn was quite odd looking but she did not understand Ash’s reference fully. 
They continued to follow him, however, and she was pleased when the tunnel opened up to reveal a larger space for them to walk through. This space was scarier, though, and looking more like a jungle than man made with plenty of places for fallen to hide. This must have been more of what the whole planet looked like before the mortals took over. 
She let out a sigh and used her wings to pull herself up off the ground slightly. Her feet were tired from all of the walking, it had been several hours since they had left Natara’s home. Although she was glad that they had not yet been attacked, she was very bored and needed to rest. Perhaps it had been the lack of food, since she had not eaten much for several days now, but she was thankful to be out of the manmade area and back into nature, even if there was still fluorescent lighting above and no sunlight to be seen. 
Hearing a stick crack, Annalise froze and dropped to the ground to look around, “Did you hear something?”
Ash nodded and pulled her to him instinctively, and then reached into his pocket to pull out his blade. 
Arie ran up to them, pushing her back up against Ash’s and looking around, gun in hand, “What was that?”
“Some beast I’m sure,” Finlay said and came to stand with them. He pointed ahead of them, “The unicorn isn’t stopping.”
“We do not need to lose him,” Annalise said and pulled herself away from the group to continue forward. She encouraged them to follow her, even though they weren’t sure what the noise had been. If the unicorn continued on, he would not turn around to wait for them if there was no reason to stop. Unicorns were selfish creatures, worried about themselves and nothing else. The only reason that this one was helping was because of his connection with Leon and getting more seraph essence for himself. He would not help fight, and he would not wait up if they stopped because they were scared. 
Several minutes later, a low growl made them stop again. The unicorn stopped as well and turned to them with his face still void of emotion, “That sounds like something you should take care of.”
At his words, a large black wolf leapt out of the trees. It was twice the size of a human, muscular and terrifying. Its mouth hung open, showing row upon row of fangs, two sets of golden eyes set in its face. The wolf pulled itself up onto it two back legs, showing just how monstrously tall and strong he was. The tail swished back and forth anxiously as it crept towards them.  A low growl came from its throat as Annalise backed up. She held her hand out in front of her, “Ash, that is a big creature.”
“Oh for crying out loud,” Arie growled and stepped up beside them to aim her gun at the wolf. She pulled the trigger and sent a bullet straight into the head. It let out a shriek of pain as it fell over and began to whimper. The redhead looked over at the seraph, irritated, and continued on in front of them. Finlay stepped closer to the beast to examine it.
“This is a lycanthrope. I’ve heard of them, giant wolf creatures, I didn’t realize they still existed.”
“That isn’t all you should be worried about,” the unicorn whispered as his eyes looked over to the left.
A ball of fire came flying at the group and Ash pushed Annalise to the ground as it whizzed by. Finlay ran forward and grabbed Arie just as another one came flying by and moved her out of the way just in time for it to miss her. 
Annalise looked up to see a large, dark-skinned fallen stepping into view. His head was bald and he wore a long brown coat that was tattered and torn. He appeared to be angry, fireball sitting in his hand, a lighter in the other. The third ball came flying at them. In response, Annalise pulled together a ball of water and flung it at him to put out the fire. The fallen continued to come at them as he threw balls of fire that they had to dodge. Annalise was terrified and knew she probably made him even more angry when she had put out his fire. She continued to send water towards him, trying to get him to stop, as the others ran forward to fight. Arie was the first to reach him, much to Finlay and Ash’s dismay; she dodged a flame and reached out to cut him with her silver knife. The fallen let out a menacing yell as he backhanded Arie, sending her to the ground.
 Ash called out to her and she didn’t answer, so Annalise ran over to her and dropped to the ground beside her. She turned her sight away from the others as they began to fight the fallen to tend to their friend.
“Arie?” she questioned, her hands going out to shake the young girl. When she didn’t answer, the seraph placed her hands over her and began whispering her blessings to heal her before any more damage could be done. The fight going on behind her worried her, she did not want Finlay or Ash getting hurt, but there was nothing she could do to help as long as she was healing this girl.
Arie took in a deep breath and sat up, knocking Annalise over to the side. She continued to breathe hard as her eyes went to the seraph in shock, “Thank you. That fallen is tough. I couldn’t even get a hit in.” Her words paused as she heard Ash cry out. She pulled her gun from her pocket and aimed it at the fallen, jerking the trigger back and hitting him right between the eyes.
“Moons, I really wanted to save these bullets,”
 she mumbled. Annalise jumped up and ran over to where they were to see Ash holding his arm. 
“Are you okay?” she asked frantically, as she grabbed him and looked at him with worry. She didn’t know what she would do if he were hurt and she was unable to help him.
“I’m fine, just a scratch,” he said, and showed her the spot on the edge of his arm where the fire ball had burnt the side of it. 
“I will heal you,” she said quickly, set on her actions and placed her hands over his arm.
He put a reassuring hand on hers to make her stop and look at him, “No time for that, we gotta go before he gets up.”
“Already got that covered,” Finlay said. 
Annalise looked over at him to see the fallen’s wings in one hand and the bloody silver sword in the other. He dropped the dark feathered wings to the ground and plunged the sword into the fallen’s heart. Annalise looked away, not wanting to see the carnage they had to create in order to stay safe. She knew Finlay was not bothered by it, being one to battle fallen and other creatures on a daily basis. 
Ash grabbed her hand and pulled her behind him quickly as he went to join the unicorn, “Get us to safety. We need to rest.” 
“And what will I get for this?”
“You have my essence, do not get greedy. Leon would not be happy,” Annalise reminded him, eyes serious as she looked into those red orbs.
The unicorn nodded in understanding as Arie and Finlay joined them and continued on forward. They continued on for another couple of hours before turning to the right and going into a nearby cave. Once inside, the unicorn turned to them, “This will keep us guarded until you have rested. We will hear the fallen if they come.” 
Finlay came in behind them with several pieces of wood, and began to build a fire in the back of the main cave. It appeared to break off into different caving systems, but being here in the back would help them to stay safe until they could figure something else out. “Anna, can you make something to give us a warning if they come?” he asked as he brought forth a large portion of a tree for them to sit on. He laid it down to form a square around the fire pit and looked at her.
“Um, sure,” she said, unsure of what she could do.  
“Go with her,” Ash told Arie and moved to help Finlay get the fire going.
Arie sighed to show that she was not okay with this but did as she was asked. The two of them continued back to the front of the cave in silence, neither of them sure what to say to each other. 
The girls reached the front of the cave and the seraph looked around, “Any ideas?”
“You could make a waterfall or something.”
The blonde looked over at the redhead, unsure if she was being serious or facetious. She could tell the girl was being honest, and continuing to think of other things to come up with. Annalise focused her energy on creating a thin but hard stream of water to go across the bottom of the entrance to the cave, creating a moat of sorts to make sounds if someone entered, as well as water flowing from the roof of the cave and into the moat to circulate. 
“Looks good, blondie.”
“Thanks…I suppose,” Annalise said and gave the girl a tired smile. They returned to the back of the cave where the others were. The unicorn had piled himself up in the corner and was already asleep. Finlay and Ash were sitting across from each other, the fire burned bright between them, but their discussion stopped once the two girls came to take a seat with them. 
“You did a great job,” Arie said. She put her hands out to warm them and scooted closer to Finlay.
Annalise left some space between her and Ash, still unsure of how to act now that they were alone. She looked across at Finlay, “Are you sure we are safe here?”
“That’s what the albino monster over there said,” he joked and pointed at the unicorn, “I say, we have a fun time while we rest.” His hazel eyes twinkled as he reached into his clothing and retrieved a large flask and took several gulps of it. “Ale?” he said and offered it to Ash. He took it from the seraph and downed quite a bit of the liquid before he handed it back. 
“Don’t forget me,” Arie said as she snatched the flask from Finlay’s hand before he could object and finished it off.
“Niiiiiice,” Finlay commented as he took the flask back , clearly surprised that Arie could drink that much and keep up with the guys. 
It made Annalise feel uncomfortable as realization dawned on her that she was the only one here that was going to be of any sound mind in a few minutes. She knew how Finlay's ale worked; it was strong but took several minutes to kick in. 
“I am absolutely starving,” Arie said, her hand going to hold on to her stomach.
“Oh,” Annalise exclaimed and reached for her bag at her side, and then handed it over the fire to the redhead, “Natara gave me this and I completely forgot about it. I apologize. I am not used to having those around that need to eat.”
“Thanks,” the mortal said as she took the bag from her and dug through it to find something appetizing. Finally settling on something, she took a bite and let out a satisfied sound. “So Annalise has a counterpart, what about you?” Arie asked Finlay suddenly, curiosity peeping in her voice. She passed the food bag around for everyone else to look through.
“I do not think-” Annalise started, wanting to tell her not to ask because things like that were personal. It was a depressing story and they all needed to be as positive as possible, considering the situation they were in. 
“It’s ok, it’s ok,” Finlay insisted and patted his knee dramatically with his hand. He looked over at the redhead and took her hand, “You may need a tissue for this one. Too bad we don’t have any.”
Annalise frowned because she knew that the story really was tragic, that he was heartbroken when he lost his counterpart. She couldn’t imagine losing Leon. It would cut her to the core and she wasn’t sure if she would ever recover. Especially with these new mortal emotions. Moving closer to Ash, she hoped that would help her ease her concern, she knew she was putting off a large amount of feelings at the time. He pulled her closer to him and wrapped an arm around her to warm her up.  She was very cold, now that the lights had turned off outside of the cave, the temperature had dropped drastically. She was thankful of the covering her clothing offered now, since it was so cold in the cave. 
“Prisscylia was her name. Reaping was her game,” Finlay started and laughed at first as he spoke of her, “We were together for hundreds of years, me the lessened version of my current playboy self, and she was very similar to Annalise here, but more aware of what went on in the world. We would drink ale and talk for hours, go out on our separate duties and even spend some time in the Ethereal Underground. She didn’t judge me for the things that I did, but supported me in whatever I decided to do. I did the same for her. ” He paused and Annalise could see the sadness coming over his face as he took a deep breath to continue on, “I didn’t know just how much she meant to me until she was gone.”
“Oh, Fin,” Arie whispered and reached out to grab his hand.
“She was supposed to be at a reaping the same time I was guarding a charge. We decided that after she captured the soul, we would go party it up in the Underground. She wasn’t so sure about the plan, because she wanted to get the soul back to the Grand Hall as quickly as possible. But it had been a busy week and I convinced her that she should come on when she was done, because she needed a break. I got sidetracked with some floozy on my way to meet her, someone my charge had been spending time with. By the time I got there, the fallen had taken my counterpart. I could feel them torturing her once they removed her wings, but I couldn’t find her. I looked everywhere, enlisting Leon’s help to find her. When we finally found the place where she had been held captive, it was too late. They had…” 
He stopped telling the story and looked away from the group. Annalise knew he did not like letting what emotions he felt show in front of others very often. She knew that if he could cry, if seraphs had that ability, he would do so now. She thought back to how she had cried when she returned to the seraph realm and realized that it must be because of the bond and her new emotions. Sighing, Annalise leaned over on her knees and tried to take everything in. Having a counterpart that you could trust and spend time with was something other species just did not get, and she did not want the girl to think he was in love with Prisscylia, “You have to understand, counterparts are together for hundreds or thousands of years. You cannot comprehend the bond that is created there. The fallen took her and consumed her powers. I am not sure how they do it, but they create something that gives them seraph powers again for a short period of time. Gives them the illusion of being one again. It is sick.”
“I’ve refused to have a new counterpart created since then. I just could not go through that again and for some weird reason, the Elders allowed it,” he explained. He turned to Arie and sighed, “That’s why when I had an opening, I immediately went to the Elders and requested to be given you as a charge.”
Arie let out a quick gasp, having asked about her guardian earlier and not been answered. 
“If I can keep you safe, that’s what I’m going to do,” Finlay explained, “I have someone else covering all of my other charges. You are more important right now.”
Annalise felt suddenly uncomfortable now, not hearing Finlay talk about anyone like that since he had lost his counterpart. Even then, it hadn’t been love between them, just that special bond. But as she watched him try to get Arie to understand, she could tell this was much more than that. As a seraph, he didn’t have the human capacity for love, but she could see that he cared for Arie as much as he could.
She was thankful when Finlay excused himself and took piece of the burning wood with him to go into another cave connected to this one. Arie was up from her seat quickly to follow behind him. Annalise could hear the questions flowing from her mouth, and she let out a sigh. It was difficult enough being around Ash when she did care for him, and not being sure if things could ever work between them. It wouldn’t work with Finlay and Arie either, she knew that, but they did not seem to be as worried about it. They were living for the now, cherishing each other while they were together, and it made her miss Leon. Before all of the events that had transpired, there was never an awkward moment between them. It was easy for her to be herself with him. Here with Ash, she was unsure of what she should do or say. 





Ash

The air stood still this far down in the underground, so the only thing that could be heard was the sound of creatures lurking in the distance and the crackling of the small fire. Ash sat awkwardly on the ground, his body heavy after a long day of walking. He hadn’t realized how far they had to travel to the end of the ninth layer.  Once they descended down into the tenth layer where the fallen were, there would be no turning back. He felt pretty confident that he could kill Endarial, but he didn’t feel confident that they would get out of there alive. If he couldn’t make it, he wanted to make sure Finlay got the girls out safely. He made a mental note to talk to Finlay and turned to Annalise who was huddled in front of the fire beside him.
“How many fallen do you think there are down there?” he asked. He put his hands out closer to the flame wishing the heat would come faster.
“Finlay says close to twenty. If we are lucky, most of them will be gone. Natara said that Loki’s followers are growing enormously. I hope we finish off a few before they even realize we are there.”
Ash nodded in agreement, he hoped that luck was on their side. He pointed behind him where Arie and Finlay had run off to.
“Did you know about that?” Ash asked her, referring to Finlay being Arie’s guardian. 
“No,” she shook her head, “I am guessing it happened right after I saved you. Finlay enjoys the way you mortals act; I am not surprised he is taken by your Arie. He tries to be like one of you.”
Ash gave her a look of disgust and tried to change the subject; he scooted over to her and leaned in close.
“I didn’t realize the bond between two seraph partners could be so intense. I’m sorry for always talking bad about Leon. I’m sure he is a great seraph.” The last words were hard to get out, but he needed to clear the air. After seeing Finlay get more emotional than he had ever seen him become over losing his counterpart, he realized how much Annalise must be hurting. 
“I’m sure he is okay,” he said. 
Annalise closed her eyes and inhaled slowly. “I hope so. He has been with me for so long; I cannot stand to think otherwise.”
Ash reached out to squeeze her hand; he couldn’t be petty or jealous anymore. This trip wasn’t about him and Annalise, it was about righting the wrongs that had been done.  In their own world, neither of them were welcome anymore. If they were successful, things would go back to the way it should be, for Anna at least. Ash wasn’t sure what his future as keeper would be, but he was positive he didn’t want to go back.  Maybe if he laid low for a while, they would think he was dead. After all, the underground was a very big place and the keepers were fewer in numbers these days. He stared off into the distance and wondered if he would ever see the suns or the stars again. It was a depressing thought, but he didn’t care as long as his friends were safe.
“What did Jaron mean? When he said those things about you?” Annalise asked timidly. He knew she was afraid of his answer, and frankly Ash didn’t want to give one to her. She was too curious though, so he knew he wouldn’t be able to dodge the question.
“I was not the model keeper,” he explained, “When I was given permission to be a mentor a few months ago, they gave me Gabe. He was so strong and witty; he was going to make a great keeper.” Ash smiled at the thought of the young boy, the one who didn’t get the pleasure of a long life.
“The Officials were given information about a drug peddler receiving shipment through one of the supply ships. It was our job to follow the ship and find out who it was. I had just gotten a place near the Ethereal Underground and the thrill of living there was still pretty new. It was my secret hideaway. I got caught up one night and forgot to go back to the surface. We were supposed to meet at sunrise. When I wasn’t there, Gabe went without me. I don’t know why, but I think I would have done the same thing if I were him. He was just like me. Cocky, arrogant, thought he could take on the whole world. I was only thirty minutes late, if only he had waited just a few minutes longer. He never made it back; the Officials didn’t blame me at first, until a few weeks ago when someone told them where I had been the night before and what I had been doing during my time off. Jaron was the one who told them. He has hated me ever since I was picked to become an Official over him.”
Ash tried to push his emotions away like the keepers had taught him, but the thought of Gabe made him feel the guilt all over again. Ale always made him talk too much, so he decided to shut his mouth before he said anything he would regret.  Annalise squeezed his hand tighter, making him feel a bit better. 
“He should not have gone alone,” she told him.
“And you shouldn’t have saved my life.”
Annalise’s body stiffened beside him. “I told you, I do not regret saving you. I only regret all the pain it has caused everyone else.”
Unable to come up with a good reply, Ash sat there in silence. He was eager for tomorrow to come so they could get this trip over with. He had so many unanswered questions for Annalise. What was going on in her mind? Had she changed her mind about returning home? Did she compare him to Leon? He gathered up the courage to just spit them out.
 “Is Leon the one you want?” Ash whispered, afraid of the answer. He and Annalise had a connection; it was something he couldn’t explain. The more he wished it gone; the stronger it became.  She stared into the fire for a few moments. Each second that passed made his heart grow heavy. Her silence told him everything he needed to know. 
He cleared his throat softly and looked away from her.
“Tell me about the other seraphs,” he urged. He had heard her and Finlay talk a bit about the others but the world was still practically a mystery.
“We are very different from your kind. Our world is centered around nature and our affinities. Few of us live like Finlay- indulging in the mortal world when we can. Finlay is a high ranking seraph, so he gets away with much more.”
“Is Leon the rule breaking kind?”
Annalise shook her head. Of course, Leon never broke the rules. In her eyes, Leon was perfect. Ash grabbed her hand and gave her a reassuring smile. He could feel how much she missed her realm.  
“This feeling you have right now. It’s called being homesick. I know how different this world can be. I know you miss the sun and the greenery. I know you miss the simplicity and…and…” He paused for a second before continuing on, “Leon.”
Annalise looked up at him. He watched as a small smile formed on her face. She was reassured by his words. At least that’s what he thought. Sometimes he couldn’t get a clear reading with the bond.
“Do you miss you home too?”
Ash chuckled and shook his head. Missing the keepers was definitely not on his mind. “No, I don’t miss the keepers. I suppose I may have missed them when I first left the surface. I kept thinking I would find my way back, but then I kept getting the feeling that they don’t care about the citizens of Cabalin. Our Officials only want control.” He pulled out the keeper blade he had taken from Jaron from its spot on his side and rubbed his finger along the ancient symbol. The small symbol was practically meaningless to him now. After that confrontation in the conservatory, he knew he didn’t belong there with those people. He was willing to take the punishment. If they came to take him away, there were things he needed to take care of. Killing the fallen took top priority. Who knew what could happen after that. The keepers may decide to take him back. They may decide to banish him to the ninth layer. They could even kill him, and from what Jaron had said it seemed like that was the final decision. Yet, he wouldn’t draw conclusions from that traitor’s actions. He had been working with the enemy for reasons Ash still couldn’t figure out. Arie had mentioned earlier that Jaron was probably working alone. He had been too worried about Annalise earlier to seriously consider the possibility, but now it ringed very true in his ears. If the Officials wanted him dead they would have sent a bounty hunter not a fellow keeper. They wouldn’t risk losing another of their kind to Ash. Ash could have easily taken him if they had met on a fair playing field. Anna had once again saved him.
“If the Officials offer to take you back after you kill the fallen; will you go back?”
Ash thought for a moment. “No,” he simply said.
“I hope my Elders take me back.”
Ash nodded in agreement. “This is my fault. I will make sure they do. Even if that means you have to kill me.”
Annalise gasped and pulled her hand from her his grip.
“I told you; I will not do that!” she cried.
Ash groaned at how stubborn she could be and grabbed her by the shoulders. He looked into her blue eyes so she could see the fierceness behind his face. She was seeing the warrior inside of him now, not the cocky, fun Ash. She trembled slightly from fear.
“What are you going to do then? Do you want to be made into a fallen? You made the choice to save me, Anna. Now you must deal with the consequences. If it comes down to it; you will kill me. I let you come along on this journey because you want so badly to clear your name by killing an enemy. You have two choices. You give it all up and we can be together; or you do anything you can to get back home.” He released her suddenly. She wouldn’t say anything to that. He knew her well enough now to know he had just rendered her speechless. In a perfect world, they would kill the fallen and go home and live happily ever after. In this dying world, one of them may not make it home from this journey alive. If they did make it home; there was no guarantee that their own kind wouldn’t kill them anyways. 
The sound of Arie’s laughing make Ash groan. He laid back on the dirt floor and covered his ears. 
“I need to get some rest.” He turned toward the direction the couple had walked off to and yelled. “I hope you two get eaten! Could you get any louder?”
A low hissing noise from the corner of the cave knocked Annalise off her log and onto the floor with Ash. He put his arm around her protectively.
“If you do not be quiet human,” the unicorn growled, “I will be the one to eat you all.”
Ash scrunched his eyebrows and laid his head back down.  The stories of the ancient creatures that were banished to the ninth layer were all fresh in his mind. How many other nightmare creatures were lurking close by? Pulling Annalise’s warm body closer, he let himself fall into a deep sleep. He had been so anxious for morning, but now morning would come all too soon. 

A light kick in the ribs caused Ash to stir from his sleep.
“Get up, we need to get going,” said a male voice. Ash slowly opened his eyes, where was he? Why was he on the floor?  He looked up to see Finlay grinning ear to ear.  His head was killing him, and his body ached all over.
“What the moons are you so happy about?” Ash asked angrily. He sat up realizing where he was and rubbed the back of his neck. The floor had been so uncomfortable and now he had a cramp in his neck and shoulders.
“The unicorn says we have another day or so of walking. We should be at the entrance soon.” 
Arie walked up to Finlay and placed a hand on his back.
“Did you tell him,” she whispered.
“Not yet. I’m getting to it.”
“Well…tell him.”
Finlay turned to glare at his red-haired companion; she was almost as tall as he was. “I said I was getting to it woman.”
Ash, sick of the needless banter, stood up slowly and dusted himself off. “Will you two just shut your mouths already and tell me whatever it is.”  That ale they had drunk last night was strong. He was relieved there wasn’t much light in the ninth layer.
The two of them looked at Finlay in anticipation. 
“Ash, I’m sorry for slamming you around the other day.”
“And?” Arie crossed her arms in front of her and cocked her head to the side. She tapped her foot impatiently.
“I didn’t break his hand. He did that all by himself!” Finlay argued. Her irritated expression didn’t seem to agree.
“Okay, I am sorry my face was too hard for your mortal hand. Next time I decide to hook up with one of your friends I will ask you first.” Finlay gave him a wink before Arie pushed him forcefully. 
“Thanks for kicking me in the ribs to tell me that,” Ash said, confused and still half asleep. Arie tossed a small red fruit in his direction, which he caught effortlessly. He was starving.
“Don’t you guys feel so much better? Now Ash…” She gave a nod in Finlay’s direction. Ash scowled. First he was woken up by a kick, now he was being forced to apologize to Finlay. 
“No, I won’t do it,” he replied. “I don’t have to do what you say Arie. I’m not trying to impress you.” He took a big bite of the fruit and smirked.
Ash turned his head to look at the other side of Finlay. It was then that he realized there was another person in the cave with them. He instantly recognized the tall man with brown hair and green eyes. Leon. “What are you doing here?” he asked. Had he come to take Annalise back home? 
Leon smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling in delight. “I was just witnessing Finlay apologizing and groveling at a mortal.” Leon swiftly slapped Finlay on the back and smiled proudly. Finlay looked embarrassed and he uncomfortably tried to shrug off all the attention. As Leon and Finlay caught up, Ash scanned the nearby area for Annalise.
 Annalise. She stood near the unicorn, talking. Ash was seriously disturbed by the rainbow haired creature and he didn’t want her alone with him. Walking over to where they stood, Ash put an arm around her shoulders.
“Morning Sunshine,” he teased, poking her in the ribs. Annalise looked around the cave confused. 
“Sunshine? Where?” 
Ash rolled his eyes and shook his head. “Don’t hurt yourself Anna, It’s only a greeting.”
“Oh…” She nodded in agreement before bringing her attention back to the unicorn.
“The unicorn was sharing a few forgotten ancient legends. He is quite the storyteller.”
The unicorn smiled proudly, showing his razor sharp teeth.
Ash tried not to look so disgusted, but couldn’t hold back the shiver of revolt that pulsed through his body. The unicorn noticed the negativity from the man and frowned in reply.
“What about the one Natara talked about?” Ash asked her. “The one about how the fallen are killed.”
That story was pretty fascinating, the fact that there had been others like him and Annalise. Even though it was long ago, it helped to know he wasn’t the only one.
“Ah,” the unicorn stated, “I have never heard a story about the end of the fallen race, but there are so many stories it is hard to remember them all.”
Annalise nodded in agreement. Ash knew he should make Annalise aware of the newest member of the party.
“Uh, Anna. We have a visitor.” Ash nodded his head toward the other side of the cave where Leon stood. Leon’s gaze was centered directly on the two of them. It was hard to get a read on his emotions, but Ash knew that Leon being here would make things a bit uncomfortable. Annalise’s eyes widened; her face lit up in happiness. Without a hesitation, she ran across the cave and jumped into Leon’s arms. 
Leon tried to hide his excitement, “I am so glad to have found you. A reaper saw you and the others and she told me where to find you.” Leon wrapped his wings around the two of them to hide them from the other’s eyes.
 Ash couldn’t see or hear them, but he could feel how happy she was. He didn’t get angry though; if it had been Jedzia who walked into the cave he would have reacted the same way. Ash walked closer and stood awkwardly near the counterparts.
“We have traveled so very far. Natara has helped us and we are so close. You have come to join us?” Annalise asked him as she stepped back from his embrace.
“No, I’ve come to take you home,” Leon stated, taking her hand and turning to look at the others.
“I don’t think so,” Ash said, stepping up to the two of them and looking back and forth between them. “You aren’t going to go with him are you?” They were so close to the fallen and their bond had grown tremendously. If she walked away, Ash didn’t know what he would do. 
Annalise stopped to think for a moment. She took a breath and stepped away from her counterpart, “I cannot go, I must help clear my name.”
“I don’t believe killing the fallen will help your case against the Elders.”
“It is my only option.”
Leon’s smile dropped, his hand going to his sword, “I thought you might say that.”
“Do not hurt him, Leon. If you have ever trusted me, know that my heart is set on this mission. I-I know that you care for me.”
The cave was suddenly completely silent as he stared back at her. Ash couldn’t believe his ears, his hand gripped his weapon tightly in case Leon decided to attack.
“And it should not be a surprise,” Annalise finished, looking to Ash quickly and back at Leon, “that I care for you as well.”
Dropping his hand from his sword, her counterpart nodded, “Okay, I shall help you here. Then you will return with me.” 
“I promise,” she agreed. Ash took a step away from the two seraphs. Anna had just agreed to go back home after this was all over. He had only been kidding himself when he thought that just maybe they had connected over the past few days. It was hard to get a read on her emotions now. She was trying hard to hide something.
“Alright,” Finlay exclaimed, “This is going to be just like old times. Me, you, and the fallen.” Leon tried to hide a smile. 
Arie looked at the two seraphs in confusion. “You two have killed fallen together often?”
 Leon shook his head at Finlay as if to keep it a secret.
 Finlay only scowled in response.  “I am going to tell her Leon. She is my charge and holds my heart,” Finlay told him. “Leon and I are high ranking seraphs. We are the guardians on the frontline whenever there is battle. With the two of us here, there is no need to worry. We can take them.”
Ash never worried. “Old Leon to save the day,” he thought sarcastically.  Ash watched as Finlay grabbed Arie around the waist and pulled her in for a long kiss. Why did their relationship have to look so much easier? Annalise seemed to struggle every time she took a step farther from her upbringing, while Finlay seemed to enjoy making the Elders squirm. Then again Annalise felt a loyalty to Leon that Finlay didn’t have. Ash wondered if maybe things could have been different if Leon was out of the picture. Ash pushed the thoughts from his mind, when this journey was over, and everyone went on with their former lives, where would that leave him? What would become of their bond?  The sounds of crunching behind of Ash caused him to spin around. The unicorn stood and slowly lowered his head to Leon.
“You will take us as far as the entrance?” Finlay confirmed to the unicorn.  He was answered with a slight nod.
“I will take you no farther, I dare not enter the tenth layer. If you five are so insistent on dying, it would be better to let me kill you now. I promise to make it quick.”
Ash’s hand gripped the stolen keeper blade in his belt. If the creature attacked them, he wanted to be ready.  
Finlay scoffed and puffed out his chest.
“Try it. I dare you,” he bragged.  By this time, Arie had also pulled out her gun ready to shoot.
The unicorn looked at them for a long time. Ash could swear he saw saliva pooling at the corners of his mouth.
       “I will not harm friends of Leon the guardian. It’s your lucky day.” He turned around slowly and walked toward the cave’s exit.
“Yeah, let’s all trust the hungry unicorn creature,” Arie said, sarcastically.
Annalise nodded in agreement, “Arie is right, He will not harm us.”
Her statement was well received with laughter from the group.
“Did I ever tell you how cute you are when you try and talk human?” Ash teased. He didn’t care if Leon was there or not; Leon held no claim to Annalise. Staying close together, with Finlay bringing up the rear, they all crept from of the cave. They didn’t know how many ancient creatures or mutants they would run into, but they were sure to find at least one or two. The group was covered in dirt from the journey. They hadn’t run into many water sources, but when they did they weren’t allowed the privacy of a bath. 
After a few hours of walking, Ash noticed something strange about their surroundings. The dirt ground around them became more and more littered with bones. The piles of bones were scattered carelessly across the ground as if they were thrown from way up high. He felt someone tap him on the shoulder.
Finlay was only a few inches behind him. Ash turned around to look at him.
“What?” Ash asked. If he wanted to play the apology game, Ash definitely didn’t want to participate. 
“The bones, they are becoming more frequent.” 
Ash slowed down a bit so Annalise couldn’t hear them talking. “I noticed. Think it’s a trap?” 
Finlay poked at a pile of bones near his foot. “Possibly, but these bones aren’t of any creature I have ever seen. Unicorn! What creature lies ahead?”
The unicorn twisted his head 180 degrees so that he was staring back at him. Even though his head was turned at an unnatural angle, he didn’t stop walking.
“That’s gross,” Arie cried. 
Annalise agreed, “That is very unnatural.”
The unicorn ignored the comment. “We are about to reach the seer and her lair.”
Ash pulled out his blade and pointed it at the unicorn. “Why did you not mention this sooner?  You are leading us straight to the home of a creature, why didn’t you warn us?”
“You simply did not ask.” 
Ash felt Annalise put her hand on his arm and gently push his blade down. 
“Ash, calm down please.” The warmth of her touch was enough to cause his anger to dissipate. She gave him a comforting smile and turned back to the unicorn. It was easy for him calm down when he looked at her.
Leon turned to face the group. “Do not worry. The seer is harmless. I do not believe she is the source of these bones.” He bent down to pick up a bone and began to examine it. Annalise walked over to Leon. She leaned down over Leon to take a closer look at the bone. Ash darted his eyes away from them and clinched his hands at his sides.
“Have you ever met the seer?” he asked Leon. Leon narrowed his eyes at the mortal and stood up slowly.
“The seer has prophesized many things for the seraphs over the centuries. Of course, that was long before she was banished to the ninth layer by you mortals.”
“Well I suppose that makes her harmless then,” Ash shot back, “I still think we should be careful.”  
Arie stepped beside Ash and pulled her gun out. “I agree, I would rather not take my chances,” she said. 
Ash turned to smile at his friend. He loved that she always had his back. Leon turned his solemn gaze away from Ash and looked at Arie. His eyes lit up with amusement.
“Finlay is lucky to have found someone who is not such a risk taker. Maybe that will calm him down a bit.” Leon grinned at Finlay, who in return made a playful jab. Leon blocked the jab. He threw the bone on the ground and sighed. “I still believe something else has caused these bones.”  
Annalise nodded and turned to speak with the unicorn. “Why are you leading us toward the seer?” she asked. Ash liked how she took control of the situation; he decided to let it play out.
“The entrance is past her lair.”
The entire group walked on in peace, hardly taking a break to rest. In the distance they could hear the echoes of beasts and breathing.  One could never tell where exactly the sounds were coming from; it seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at the same time. The ground became dry and cracked; their surroundings looked as if someone had once lived here thousands of years ago, but had since let the place become nothing more than piles of rubble. Once they passed through an area that looked like it had once been a city. There were the remains of ancient building all clustered in a circle. Dirt and bones littered the ground and crunched beneath their feet. No one dared to explore though, so they continued on, following the unicorn.
A few times along the way, they were attacked by odd looking creatures. Each time a creature showed up, everyone except Annalise would run toward it hoping to be the one to claim the victory. Finlay was successful at slaying a three headed beast. Ash cut the head off of a mutant worm like creature that slithered along the ground, and Arie had taken down a dozen small pixie creatures. Annalise stepped in to help her this time. She used her water to keep the creatures off of everyone’s back. When the creatures were dead, they pretended not to notice as the unicorn sucked the remaining essence from each carcass.  
They each took turns talking about how they would attack the fallen once they got there. Annalise mentioned she would drown them quietly with water. Arie wanted to feed them to a beast. Finlay decided he would cut off their wings slowly and feed it to them. Thoughts of violence and destruction filled their minds the further underground they went. A good ways on, they reached a section of the underground where the ground dropped off into a deep cliff. Ash peered off of the edge of the cliff, into the dark void. He couldn’t see a bottom. Across from the cliff, about eight feet away, stood another mountain. This one was taller than the cliff they stood on, and it appeared to touch the top of the layer. Consequently, the opening could easily be missed if you didn’t know where to look. The unicorn motioned his head to the hole in the ground.
“Down that hole is a tunnel. Keep walking straight to reach the opening of the tenth layer. There is only one tunnel, and it is not a labyrinth like the other tunnels below each layer. This tunnel is the home to the seer. She is very old and very wise. Interest her, and she may tell you your future.”
The unicorn backed away from the edge and looked toward the center of the layer.
“This is your last chance to turn around. For a piece of the redhead’s essence; I may be persuaded to guide you back home.” He looked at each one of them as they shook their heads in disagreement before baring his teeth and running off into the darkest parts of the layer.
Arie scrunched her nose. “I feel like I am in a dream, this place is unbelievable. I am actually in the ninth layer.”
Yesterday, all the strange creatures that they had happened upon were just myths and legends. Today, the frightening images burned in their minds. 
“How will we get down there?” Annalise asked. They had no rope or gear to climb down, only the small bag of food and weapons Arie carried.
“We can fly down,” Finlay suggested. He tapped his bangle and let his large wings fly out from behind him.
Ash scoffed at the seraph. “That’s great Fin, but what about the two of us who can’t fly? If we jump will you catch us?”
Finlay didn’t look too amused by the comment, looking at Annalise, who nodded in agreement.
“Leon will carry Ash, and I will carry Arie,” he said simply. 
Both the humans’ mouths opened up in shock.
“I am not being held by – you!” Ash told Leon. Arie nodded in agreement.
“Well Anna’s wings are smaller than mine, and Ash you weigh twice as much as Arie, Finlay pointed out, Will you be satisfied if I carry you and Leon carried Arie?” 
Ash looked over at Arie, a silent agreement passed between them. There was no way that Ash was going to put his arms around Leon, no matter what the situation.
In the mood to protest, but eager to get the whole thing over with, Ash walked up to Finlay and let the seraph scoop him up in his arms. He reluctantly put his arms around the large blonde and sighed.
“Fin- I swear if you try anything funny. I am going to stick my blade so far up your bender…”
Finlay rolled his eyes and turned to Leon. “Be careful with her. I am trusting you.” 
Leon pulled Arie close and whispered something into her ear. Annalise tapped her bangle and let her wings fly out behind her.
“You first Fin,” she urged.
One at a time, the five of them lifted a few feet off the ground. Their wings barely moved, but Ash could feel the wind flowing around them to keep them afloat. Finlay flew straight down into the small hole. Annalise was right behind them. Ash looked up to make sure she was okay. Sure enough, Annalise was majestically soaring above them into the depths of the pit below. 
It was a few minutes before they reached ground. As soon as he felt Finlay’s feet touch the ground Ash scrambled out of his embrace. 
“Thanks,” Ash mumbled as he put his pride aside.
Finlay reached out to put a hand on Ash’s arm, “For what it’s worth- I really am sorry. I never meant to betray your trust. I wasn’t allowed to tell you what I was, just as you couldn’t tell me you were a keeper.”
As much as Ash wanted to hate Finlay, they were once good friends. Deep inside, he wanted his friends to be happy. Ash gave a half smile.
“I understand- and I guess I overreacted over the whole Arie thing. She is free to be with whomever she pleases.”
The air was cleared and a burden felt like it had been lifted off of Ash’s shoulders. Annalise stepped by his side as they looked around. Everything around them was rock and dirt, the sounds of water dripping echoed from a distance. The overhead florescent lights were also gone, but a single torch burned on one of the nearby walls, as if their presence was expected.
“Are you okay?” Ash asked her. Annalise gave her arms a small shake and hid her wings.
“Yes. I am just tired.” Ash put his hand on her cheek and slowly swiped a bit of dirt off of it. The closer they got, the more Ash dreaded the finale. Annalise would go back home. Ash would return to the eighth layer and this entire trip would be a distant memory. He wanted to remember Annalise liked this in case something happened to him. He was certain that either Finlay or Leon would take care of her if he got hurt, but he still felt better when she was near him to protect.
“Let’s find this seer shall we?” 
Each one of them drew out their weapons as they walked through the tunnel. Finlay once again pulled out his lighter and branch to light up the pathway.  They hadn’t gotten far when a voice called out to them
“Who disturbs my slumber?” The voice was old and dry. 
No one answered.  Finlay nudged Annalise with his elbow.
“You are the nicest of us all,” he urged. “You sweet talk it.”
“I- I- It is Annalise. We are here to ask permission to pass through your lair to gain entrance to the tenth layer.”
Finlay held the fire up higher and Ash squinted his eyes to make out the figure moving closer. 
It was hooded and short, only coming up to Ash’s waist. It limped closer and closer at a slow pace. Within a few moments it stopped in front of the group. Two hands came out of the old and dirty gray cloak and lifted to take off the hood. Under the cloak was an old woman. Her skin was cracked and dry. So much, that her skin was starting to bleed and separate. The wrinkles hung off her face loosely and the sockets where her eyes should have been were empty. The seer smiled to show a toothless grin.
“I have been waiting for you, Annalise. You must have Ash with you also.”
Ash straightened up and gripped Annalise’s hand. He looked at her, letting his strength fill her up.
“I am here,” he told the old lady.
She reached out toward them with her long bony palms.
“But there are three others I was not expecting….”
A lantern magically appeared in the woman’s hands. Finlay shrugged and put out his own light source.
“Finlay, Leon, and Arie are also with me,” Annalise confirmed. 
Ash knew to keep quiet this time; he let her do the talking.
“No one ever asks to go down there. No one ever asks to come out. You sure this is what you want?” 
Annalise took a deep breath, “Yes seer. This is something we must do.”
The seer nodded and walked closer to them.
“You must rest before you go down there. Make yourself comfortable.” She held out a hand as she gestured toward the tunnel behind her.
Ash looked around expecting to see some sort of living quarters, but there was nothing but the rocky walls and dirt floor. Finlay put his hand on the ground and from the floor sprouted a large patch of soft willowy grass.
Arie giggled at the romantic gesture and sat down. Finlay went around making the same soft spot for all five of them. 
Once they were seated, Finlay put on his game face.
“So the plan is to sneak in quietly. We need to kill as many fallen as we can before they have time to react. The element of surprise is in our favor.” They all nodded in agreement.
Finlay leaned over to Arie and held her close. Ash could tell that being down here near the fallen was the last place he wanted him and Arie to be, but he was here to help clear his friend’s name. Ash was surprised at how loyal the seraphs were to each other, it was so different from most of the people on Cabalin. Everyone looked out for themselves. Even the keepers who claimed to have everyone’s best interest in mind, had lost sight of what loyalty really meant.
Annalise turned to Ash and reached out to place her hand on his. 
“Let’s work on blocking our feelings again, this time without distractions,” Ash told her with a wink. He watched her face turn red. Her eyes darted quickly to Leon.
He closed his eyes and slowly started to clear his mind like he did when he was stressed.
“Close your eyes Annalise, clear your mind, don’t think about anything or anyone. Pick a safe place in your mind and imagine you are there. Be there, nowhere else.” Ash took a few deep breaths, and channeled all of his emotions away. 
He opened his eyes and watched as Annalise started to relax. Gradually, he felt all of her confusion and fear melt away from her body until there was nothing left. He closed his eyes again and tried to focus his mind on the fight, and what he wanted to accomplish.
“If we are not distracted by the other person’s emotions we can concentrate better on the fight,” he told her. He blocked out everything around him. The whispers from Finlay and Leon, Arie crunching on some food, at times Ash swore he could feel Leon’s gaze on the two of them. Nothing else mattered right now. It was only Annalise and him. The overwhelming tether of emotions between them was under control. After a few minutes, their quiet moment was interrupted by the seer. 
The seer sat down and moved close to Annalise. She roughly took her palm.
Ash grabbed for his blade, but Annalise put her hand out to stop him.
“It is okay,” she reassured him and patted him on the knee.
The seer made some noises in her throat and smiled that toothless grin. “Annalise. You have a path to choose. Make the wrong choice, and you will be alone and lose everything. The right one will satisfy your longing and save everyone you care for.”
Annalise looked at her friends in confusion. The unicorn had mentioned the seer could foretell the future.
“I guess we impressed her,” Finlay said, nudging Arie slightly. He reached down to make a flower appear at his feet. He picked up the red bud and presented it to his beloved.
At the sound of his voice, the seer’s head swung in Finlay’s direction. He had caught her attention, and she was curious.
She reached out to Finlay, her arm not quite reaching far enough. She compelled Finlay to meet her half way with his hand. “Ohhh…” she moaned as their fingers touched, “You are a difficult one. Brave but so empty inside. Ahead of you lies betrayal, but be careful not to betray yourself.” She let out a long, deep moan one more time. Finlay looked at Leon with worried eyes. The seer was almost as creepy as the unicorn. Ash leaned in close to Annalise
“Creeper,” he repeated his words from earlier.
 It was no wonder why these creatures were forced out of society. Next, the seer reached for Arie. 
“Your hand, my dear,” she said.
Arie glanced at Finlay who gave her a nod of encouragement. She reached out to touch the seer. Her hand was small in comparison to the seer. The closer her hand got, the more it shook in fright. When they touched, the seer grabbed Arie’s wrist tight and pulled her closer. Finlay reached out to steady the girl so she didn’t fall over. His eyes narrowed in on the seer in disapproval.
“My Arie. You have had a hard past, and have an even harder future I am afraid.” Her voice was scratchy and it echoed off the walls.
“Tell me something I don’t already know,” Arie shot back. Everyone’s life was hard.
“You will be forgotten, forgotten and left behind.” The seer began to laugh as Arie forced her hand back. She kept her eyes to the ground. 
The seer looked at Leon and started to move closer to him. Leon shook his head at her and kept his hands in his lap. “I do not wish to know anything.” 
The seer nodded and backed away. “If you are sure.”
Finally, the seer moved toward Ash. At first, Ash refused to touch the wrinkly creature’s hand, but when Annalise smiled in approval he felt like he couldn’t be rude.
When their hands touched the seer pulled her hand back in pain. She let out a loud cry, making the four of them scoot back in shock.
“What are you?” the seer hissed at him. Ash leaned away from the old lady.
“I am human.”
The seer shook her head but didn’t say a word. Ash wasn’t sure what the old woman saw, but she wouldn’t comment anymore. 
“What did you see? Tell me,” he demanded. He tried to reach out to grab her, but she quickly scooted out of his reach. She was scared of his touch. She made another long moaning sound. It made Ash want to run his blade through her just to shut her up. She didn’t look dangerous, but she was banished down here for a reason. 
“This is more than I have said in hundreds of years. I must rest. I will speak more when I am rested.” Her head slumped over in front of her and she suddenly became very still.
“Is she dead?” Annalise asked.
Finlay shook his head. “She’s sleeping, that’s what we should do before we go any further.”
Just great, she fell asleep without finishing my fortune, Ash thought.
Arie shook her head. “I can’t sleep with that thing so close by.” Finlay put an arm around her to calm her down. Rarely did Arie get frightened.
“You four sleep, I will stay up and guard.” Leon told them.

Chapter Ten



Annalise

Finding it incredibly hard to sleep considering the circumstances, Annalise kept her eyes closed so she would at least get some peace from the tension that had been flowing around since Leon arrived. She was lying on the grass Finlay had created with Ash close by. Even though Leon had arrived, Ash continued to stay near her. She was sure it was to keep her safe. Annalise had been very glad to see Leon, but disappointed in herself when she had so quickly promised him she would go home with him when this was over…because she was worried about what would happen with Ash.
As she opened her eyes to peek around, she noticed that Leon was examining another bone and distracted from keeping an eye on them. She was certain he was still paying attention to all sounds within ear shot, even though he was trying to figure out what creature the bones belonged to and what had destroyed them. He was a warrior, a guardian, and he wouldn’t let some creature sneak up on them. Annalise reached her arm out in front of her and ran a soft finger down his hand. He was so very adorable when he was sleeping, not so tough, and it made her smile. She knew it had hurt him when she promised to return home, but she did not know of any other way to get Leon to stay and not harm him. Leon had made it clear that he would kill Ash if she did not, but now she hoped he would be satisfied with her not returning to the mortal world. She gave one last glance at Leon, noting that he was pacing back and forth, and intertwined her fingers with Ash’s rough digits. His eyebrows crinkled slightly and he mumbled something, then he tightened his grip on her hand.
Annalise tried to suppress a giggle and wondered what he was dreaming. Since seraphs didn’t dream, she had almost forgotten that other species did so. She did not know if it was a happy dream or not. She tried to be quiet as she moved closer to him but still left a little space in between. Angering Leon was not something that she wanted to do, but she wanted to be closer to Ash. As she closed her eyes, she found it more comfortable there, with her hand in his. It was as if he grounded her and helped her to feel whole. She did not worry about what this meant now, just tried to enjoy the silence and company around her. All of the ones she cared for were near and alive, and she could rest better knowing that. 
When she opened her eyes again, everyone else was up and talking. Leon and Finlay joked around. Arie was beside them and laughed right along with them. Ash seemed like he was trying to enjoy the conversation as well, but stayed guarded. She could tell he still did not know what to think about Leon. She could feel the uncertainty coming from him. As if he could feel her looking at him, his eyes moved over to her and he gave her a wink. It made her blush slightly, just like every other time he flirted with her. Annalise wished that she could efficiently flirt back with him.  She stood up and tried to straighten her hair as she walked over to them. 
“Good morning…I guess,” she said, eyes looking at the dirt ceiling above them. She’d be so very happy to get out of the tunnels. Annalise missed the sun shining above her, the garden, and the clouds drifting overhead. She wished she could take Ash back with her to the seraph realm just for one day. They would have so much fun.
“Bright and sunny, eh Annalise,” Finlay laughed and threw his arm around Arie to pull her close.
The seraph shook her head in disagreement, folded her arms across her chest and looked over at Leon. He was studying her as if he had something on his mind. She wished he would stop that. He then glanced back and forth between her and Ash as if they were the most interesting thing around. She wanted to ask him about it, but there were other things she needed to get out. 
“I need to speak with Ash,” Annalise announced suddenly and took him by the arm to pull him a few feet away from the others.
He came willingly and let out a laugh, “Want to get me alone huh?”
“Ash,” she chastised, trying not to look over at Leon who she was sure was still watching them. Her blue orbs looked up at him, and she let out a sigh, “Please do not be upset with me about promising Leon to go home. I did not want him to kill you and he had his mind set on it.”
“I’m not afraid of him,” Ash insisted as he put his hand on her arms and gazed down at her. 
“It is just that…he still watches us. As if he is trying to figure something out.”
He nodded in agreement, “I know. Don’t worry so much about him, Anna. We have a mission to do and afterwards, we can deal with him.”
“I just do not want him to hurt you.”
 “Anna,” Leon said as he came to stand beside them, “We need to get going. Whatever it is you have to talk about can wait.”
She opened her mouth to disagree, but he pulled her away from Ash and towards the group. Her friend followed behind her, letting out a huff of amusement or frustration, she couldn’t quite tell because he was putting that wall up in front of his emotions. He was getting a lot better at this, and she still struggled. They left the seer, who was still in the same position they had left her in the night before, and continued on their journey.
Leon did not let go of her arm for the first few minutes as they walked, this look of contemplation on his face. Suddenly, he stopped and pushed her behind him. 
“Everyone stop,” he said and looked over at Finlay, “Do you hear that?”
The blonde paused and placed a cupped hand to his ear for dramatic affect. His smile quickly turned to a frown which showed that he heard something, “Yeah. Hulmiens. Not good.”
“What are hulmiens?” Arie demanded as she stepped in front of them.
“Do not let their looks deceive you. These creatures are meat eating and poisonous,” Leon said seriously, “I am sure they are the cause of all those bones back there.” 
“We can take ‘em,” Ash said as he pulled out his dagger and stepped forward.
Leon reached out to grab the mortal’s shoulder and yanked him backwards, “They are dangerous, boy, and you are the one I am most worried about.”
Ash shook the seraph’s arm off him and glared at him, “I don’t need your protection, and neither does Anna.”
Annalise was surprised when Ash reached out and took her hand and turned to lead the group forward. She cast a worried glance back at Leon to see the incredibly irritated look in his green eyes, more than Annalise had ever seen him. She was also worried because she had no clue what they were walking in to because she did not know what a hulmien was. 
They walked closer to the large rocks when Finlay called out, “Hey, you might want to let me go in first. I’ve, uh, met these creatures before. They will be less likely to rip your guts out and have you for dinner if I go first.”
This made Ash pause and turn to look at the seraph. He considered the words for a second before nodding, “Okay, go ahead.”
Annalise was surprised that he was stepping down to let someone else go in first. Finlay stepped ahead of Arie and shot her an apologetic look before taking up the front of the line.
“What does he mean, he has ‘met these creatures before’?” Arie said with a mocking tone. She crossed her arms in front of her body. Ash and Annalise followed behind them. A soft singing voice could be heard as they closed in on the gray rocks. It was as if the ocean was singing to them from the other side, a beautiful sound flowing into Annalise’s ears. 
She looked over at Ash, “Do you hear that?”
He nodded and gripped her hand tighter, “It must be the creatures Leon was talking about. Doesn’t sound so scary to me.”
“Do not be so quick to think Leon does not know what he is talking about. If he says these things are dangerous, then I would say they are.”
Ash shot her a troubled look and continued forward in silence. The singing grew louder and louder as they came to an opening in the rocks. Finlay gave one last worried glance back at the two of them and continued through the thin space between the rocks. Annalise could feel Arie and Leon catching up behind them as Ash pulled her with him behind Finlay, her heart racing to see these beings.
The beautiful singing stopped, and then resumed, this time with words instead of a melody,
“We heard that you were coming, 
We hoped that it was true.
Oh, our dearest Finlay,
Aren’t we so glad to see you!”

“Ladies! It’s a pleasure,” Finlay said and threw his arms open in a greeting and let that charismatic smile spread over his face.
Annalise peered around Finlay’s large wings to see a bonfire sitting in the center of the rocks. There were a dozen tall, curvy, gorgeous young women who were stood around the fire. They each wore skin tight clothing made from beast skins, some more revealing than others. Out from behind each of them curled long furry feline tails that matched the color of their hair. They were all looking at Finlay in awe, excited to see him here. Ash let out a surprised , “What tha-” and the hulmiens snapped their heads around towards him.
Leon stepped up beside of them, Arie there as well with a less than pleased look on her face. 
The girls opened their mouth again, a song flowing from their lips,
“We have been so very lonely here,
And you have brought friends with you we see,
Along with the beautiful women there, 
What handsome men you’ve brought with thee.”

“We are just passing through,” Leon said as he reached for the dagger at his hip but not pulling it from its sheath.
“Dear, dear guardian,” one of the ladies said as she stepped forward, her tail swishing back and forth behind her as she did so. Her large green eyes bore into Leon, taking in his body from top to bottom as she approached. She stopped several inches in front of him and trailed her eyes up at him and smiled, “No one simply passes through here. We are so very lonely here. We have been cast out from our home, forced to live in the lower levels.” Even though it was just one voice, the rest of the hulmiens quiet, she still sounded like water flowing as she spoke.
Leon took a step back from her and took a deep breath, “You have nothing I want.”
“I do not agree with that, seraph,” she said as she ran her hand down his chest and then skipped away to rejoin the others with a giggle.
“What the moons was that,” Arie spat, angry brown eyes looking over at Finlay for answers. 
“Those, my dear, are the thing of nightmares. They will seduce you and kill you in one thought. Drag you back here and cut you to pieces.”
“You speak so lowly of us,” one of them piped up, this one taller than the others. She cocked her head to the side and bit her lip affectionately, “Do not pretend you don’t love our company dear Finlay.”
“Visitors, this is Mannassa, leader of the hulmiens.”
“Come, join us for dinner.”
“We were just cooking up something special,” spoke another.
“Just for you,” another purred, as they all began to sing again. All but two of them began to dance around the fire, singing and moving in unison.
“I do not think we are planning on eating here,” Annalise whispered as she leaned over to Ash.
“Wouldn’t hurt. I’m starved,” he said in disagreement and walked forward.
She reached out to grab him as he let go of her hand, but Leon had her arm, “Do not follow him.”
“I will not let any harm come to him,” Annalise said and glared at him, annoyed that Leon would keep her from following Ash. If these beings were as terrifying as the seraphs said they were then she wanted to keep her eyes on Ash. 
He sighed and rubbed his forehead, “Fine, but I will come with you.”
Finlay nodded and stepped ahead to go sit where Ash was by the fire. Arie came to stand by Annalise and walked beside of her, “What is up with these girls?”
“I do not know. It appears as if they are harlots.”
“Shhh, Annalise,” Leon chastised, “Do you want to get us killed?”
“What would you like to call them?”
“Hulmiens. That’s it.”
“I don’t like them,” Arie growled.
Annalise turned to her and put her hand on her shoulder, “Do not worry. Finlay, he cares for you. He may have a past with these evil creatures, but he will not have a future with them.”
“Soooo, what are you cooking up?” Ash asked as he leaned over on the log from where he sat, eyes on the pot that hung over the fire. 
The others took a seat around the fire as one of the hulmiens came to stand beside of Ash. She leaned over, tail swooshing back and forth as she whispered in her ear, “Razda meat. I know it is your favorite.”
“Yes,” another agreed and came to stand beside her friend and place herself in the mortal’s lap, “We aim to please.” She let out a giggle and wrapped her arms around him. Yet a third creature came to stand behind him and run her hands through his hair. 
Ash closed his eyes and smiled, “Can’t wait.”
Annalise scowled at the four of them, crossed her arms and tried to keep her mouth shut. She did not like these hulmiens at all, she decided. She could feel the conflicted emotions fading away in Ash and being replaced by emotions that she was only slightly familiar with. Turning to Leon, she whispered her concerns, “Are they going to kill him?”
“No, not yet,” he said with a laugh, “They are just playing with him. Like a beast plays with its prey.”
“It is sick.”
She heard Finlay let out a laugh and she turned to see him standing off to the side watching the show. The hulmiens would pass him as they danced around the fire, one by one trying to get his attention. He would swirl them around occasionally if they were friendly. The overly friendly, the ones running their hands over his wings, he would push off of him and encourage them to go dance. 
Arie stood up, going over to where he was and spoke to him angrily, “You had better watch it.”
“Love, it’s all good. Come with me, dance,” he laughed as he grabbed her by the hand and began to dance around the fire with the hulmiens. His loud laughter reverberated off of the rocks as he did so. Finlay was a spectacular dancer, even moving in a circle around the pit of fire, and he eventually had Arie laughing and dancing with him. They would take turns pointing and laughing at Ash, making comments about him and the ladies. Annalise tried to ignore them, but found it difficult to ignore their persistent happiness. Did they completely forget that they were all about to waltz into the layer of the fallen?
Leon scooted closer to Annalise and put an arm around her. She eyed his large arm suspiciously and didn’t say a word.
“These creatures are fascinating aren’t they?” he asked, a smile on his face as he watched his friends having fun.
“No. I do not think so,” Annalise disagreed and looked over at Ash to see the hulmiens attempting to pour some kind of liquid into his mouth from a carved out rock. He turned his head to refuse it and the liquid ran down his chin and onto his chest. Annalise turned her eyes away from him but could still hear their laughter. She badly wanted badly to get up and stop their nonsense, but Leon’s words made her stop and listen.
“They are telepathic. That is how they can sing together like that. They hunt in packs sometimes. One or two will draw out the prey and then they will all feast on it. It’s very bloody, very vicious. They can also read the minds of their intended victims. That is how they know your mortal likes razda meat. I am sure that is not at all what is in that pot.”
“I do not care,” Annalise insisted.
“Is that really the kind of person you want to spend all your time with?” Leon asked and pointed over to where Ash sat.
Annalise did not look over, choosing instead to eye Leon suspiciously, “He cannot help their enchanting ways.”
“They do not make him do anything he does not want to do.”
“Do not lie to me as you have before. I am not so naïve. I can see that Finlay is only having fun and letting it affect him and Arie. That is why you and I are sitting here unaffected. Ash is mortal. I am guessing that is what they feed on.”
A hulmien came to stand in front of them and Annalise looked up at her and frowned.
“Beautiful seraphs, come and dance with us,” she reached out to run her hand along the outer part of Leon’s wings. 
“No thanks.”
“But we are so very lonely,” she begged, her hand now going to his arm.
Leon leaned away from her to stay out of her grasp, “I said no.”
She frowned, beautiful face showing legitimate concern and sadness, “We will still let you join us if you change your mind.” With that she walked away, and Annalise was glad. She was about to say something not so nice.
“Tell me,” Leon said and turned her face to look at him, “What is it about this mortal that makes you feel for him?”
This caught her attention, “Feel? What do you mean?”
“You know exactly what I am talking about. You are sitting here about to go drown each of those hulmiens that have his attention. That is very unlike you.”
“I am worried. That is all.”
“You care for him.”
Annalise paused and let out a sigh. She didn’t want to lie to him, but she didn’t want to tell him the truth either. He had kissed her before she left their realm with Ash, and that told her that he cared way more than he was admitting to her. It told her that his feelings may be unseraph like, like the ones she was having for Ash. “And if I do?”
“I don’t know, Anna. I just don’t want to see you hurt, and I am worried that he will do just that.”
“He has kept me safe,” Annalise said firmly, “And he will not let anything happen to me.”
“I’m not talking about your body. I am talking about your heart, my dear Anna,” he whispered as he placed a hand on her chest and smiled down at her. “I do not think that I can replace this bond you have with him, but I would not break your heart. I cannot love like a mortal can but I have always been there.”
Annalise brushed his hands off of her. It was so weird for him to be behaving this way towards her. However, as she let herself think about it, he had always found small ways to touch her. Small ways to complement her and help her out in any way he could. He had protected her, been her confidant and always her friend. Still, she had never thought to look at him in any way but that before. She had watched mortals in love on her globe and wondered often what that would be like, but never considered Leon as a partner. Duty was what had called. And duty was what had led her to Ash. 
“Leon, I do care for you. You are incredibly special to me and I do not know what I would do without you. I want you here. Always.”
He smiled down at her, “I’ve waited a long time to hear you say that.” He leaned over to her and she pulled away from him, recognizing that now as him beginning to kiss her, and put some space between them on the seat. 
“But it is different with Ash,” Annalise mumbled. She laid her head down in her lap, not wanting to see the expression on Leon’s face. Covering up her ears, she tried to drown out the increasingly loud sound of the hulmien’s song and laughter and of Arie and Finlay as they danced and were entertained by the Ash’s behavior. Her own confusing feelings and those from Ash were absolutely exhausting. 

Ash

The songs that came from the hulmiens’ mouths seeped in and out of his ears. The melody made him feel relaxed. It was a feeling that didn’t come often and one that he liked to savor. In his mind, he vaguely remembered the warning about the creatures being dangerous.  However, looking at them, they didn’t seem dangerous at all. They looked almost human, except for the animal tails that swung behind them. They were all tall and extremely beautiful by any standards.  One of the hulmiens with dark hair and piercing violet eyes kept winking at him. What he wouldn’t give to stay down here forever with them and forget about the world. He laughed as they all grabbed him by the hand and danced with him. Ash swayed along with their song and each time they started a new chorus he felt more and more relaxed. He noticed Annalise and Leon talking out of the corner of his eye, but decided to focus on more important things. He didn’t understand why he had been worried so much about Leon anyway? Whatever was going to happen would happen no matter if he worried about it or not. 
A hulmien tried to put a cup to his mouth, but Ash gently pushed it away and shook his head. The hulmien spilt the drink all over his chest.  She grabbed her tail to try and mop up the mess. “Are you not thirsty from all the dancing?” she purred into his ear. Ash licked his dry lips and choked back the urge to grab the cup and empty it. Another one of his instincts told him to refuse the drink, so he promptly took a step away from the woman and tried to find something else to do. He noticed Finlay spinning Arie around on his shoulder. She laughed as her curls bounced over her face. Ash shook off another hulmien that had decided to grab him by the waist, and walked over to his friends. 
“Having fun?” Arie asked him. 
Ash grinned and put his hands on his knees to steady himself. “I feel so strange.” 
Finlay dropped Arie onto her feet and turned to face Ash. “It’s because you are the only mortal male in here. Their charms do not affect us. You probably feel euphoric right now. Do not worry. I won’t let them harm you. We will slip out after they have had their fun.” 
Ash felt some relief with Finlay’s words, but something else in the back of his mind kept him from acting on all the urges the hulmien brought out. 
A few of the girls ran over and broke up their conversation. “Do not talk when there is so much dancing to be done!” one of them cried out. She gripped Ash’s wrist to pull him back into the circle; while a few of the others grabbed Arie and Finlay. 
He let the girls pull on his clothes and rub up against him. They each took turns whispering in his ear and kissing his neck. He no longer cared about the fallen or his future with Annalise. The longer he danced, the less aware he became of his surroundings. All of the girls that danced around him started to blur. The colors of their clothes melted together. The fire swirled in the background. Ash fell on the ground, laughing. No matter how hard he tried to stop, the laughter poured from his mouth. He felt the tug of a few hands pull on him to get up, but Ash couldn’t see straight. He put his hands out along the floor to feel his way away from the girls and the music. Something wasn’t right. Inside he knew this, but there wasn’t a single part of him that seemed to care. Too many hands were pulling on him. 
He felt a strong set of hands grab him underneath his arms and pull him up. The hands dragged him away from the music. The sounds lessened in his ears, and Ash tried to see who it was that was dragging him away. Ash was set against a large rock, far from the creatures.
“Who’s you?” Ash slurred. He noticed that his mouth wasn’t working the way he wanted it to. He groggily pinched his lips with his fingers to help them move and tried again. “I said who are you?” 
He rubbed his eyes once and watched as the colors started to take shapes again. He looked up to see Leon standing above him with a not so amused look on his face. “Great, it had to be Leon,” Ash thought.
“You are weak, mortal. You can’t even withstand the bewitching of a hulmien.” 
Ash let the seraph’s words soak in. He knew that he wasn’t weak. Being the only mortal man, he was at a big disadvantage. He heard one of the girls sing for him to come back to them. Ash smiled and started to push himself up off the floor to join them. They were so beautiful, it made him feel carefree. 
“Oh, no you don’t,” Leon promptly pushed him back to the ground.
“But I need to be close to them,” Ash complained. Why was he saying this? There was someone else he wanted to be closer to right now, but he couldn’t remember who it was.
Leon shook his head. “The farther away you are from the singing, the safer you will be.”
“Why do you care anyway?” Ash asked him. Leon wanted him dead. He figured that staying with the hulmiens forever was what Leon would want. 
Leon sighed and looked at the wall behind Ash. His eyes were cold. “Because if you are hurt; then Annalise will be hurt. I cannot stand to watch her suffer at the expense of your bond.”
 Ash let his head fall heavily to one side before he answered. How could he forget about Annalise? It was Annalise that he wanted to be dancing with not those creatures.
“I will never let Annalise get hurt. All I want to do is protect her.” 
“Then why did you drag her on this quest with you. Why did you make Finlay and Arie come along? Do you not care for the redhead and your friend?” Leon’s voice grew louder, but not loud enough to cover the singing in the background that called to him. 
“Annalise is not that weak and feeble seraph anymore. She is stronger, we make each other stronger. This bond helps her become something you seraphs will never understand. My friends came along because they stand by my side no matter the cost. We want to help Annalise clear her name and prove her loyalty to her kind. I don’t sit back and let monsters kill the people I love.” He forced the last sentence out and had to keep from punching the wall behind him. He hoped that Annalise couldn’t feel how angry he was right now. Leon was right. The longer he stayed away from the hulmiens, the less affected his mind became. Leon bent down to look Ash in the eyes. Ash felt a shiver run down his spine. 
“I underestimated you. When this is all done, Annalise will return home and pretty soon this bond between the two of you will disappear. The seraphs do not associate with your kind for this very reason; you mortals cause nothing but violence and destruction. You leave death and despair everywhere you go.”
Ash wanted to protest, but he kept his mouth shut. Arguing with him would be pointless. Leon had no idea what it was like to be bonded. He had no idea how much they complemented each other.
“Where is she?” Ash asked.
“Resting. These human emotions have exhausted her. I promised Finlay I would keep you safe while he is enjoying what may be his last night with Arie.”
This would not be Finlay’s last night anywhere. Ash didn’t like it when Leon spoke so negatively about their journey to the fallen, but he knew Leon was trying to guilt him into turning around.
“Finlay knew exactly what he was agreeing to when he joined us,” Ash said. It was true.
“Only because he felt guilty for putting you in this situation in the first place; Finlay has spent too much time with you humans.”
“You’re wrong, Finlay has no reason to feel guilty. Why would he feel guilty?” Ash whispered. He meant to say more, but he felt himself start to drift into a deep sleep.  He struggled to keep his eyes open. What kind of spell was Leon putting him under? Why was he so tired? He wanted to get up and find Annalise and make sure that she was safe, but the heaviness drifted over his entire body until he had been coaxed into a slumber. In the back of his mind, he figured it must be Annalise. Somehow her feelings of how tired she was were affecting him. Yet, maybe it was the hulmiens’ poison. Were they ready to devour their food now?
A short time later, Ash awoke to the faint sounds of laughing. He groggily sat up and looked around. He was sitting against a rock wall. The light from the bonfire flickered off of the walls. He looked across the way at all of the hulmiens who were gathered around the fire. They seemed to be enjoying the company of the outsiders. Annalise sat smiling and talking with Arie. Finlay looked like he was talking strategy with Leon. Ash took a moment to take in the relaxed sight of his friends. It was so different from the chaotic week they had shared.  Ash winced as he remembered his actions from earlier. Something about the hulmiens had impaired his judgment. He wasn’t sure if it was the singing or maybe it was just being close to them that seemed to alter his mood, but he decided he couldn’t take that chance again.  
He watched Annalise talking; it was so nice to see her relaxed and getting along with Arie. Annalise ran her hands through Arie’s curls. They seemed to be having some sort of girl talk. The shadows bounced off of her face, making her skin look a bit darker. He hadn’t been able to take the time so sit back and watch her beauty. The way her face lit up. She had a genuine way of making him feel like he could be cared for. A deep longing inside him stirred. It was a feeling that he had repressed over the journey. As a keeper, he was always taught to keep all distractions to a minimum. Annalise was the biggest distraction of them all. His mind needed to be clear in order to fight the fallen. As if she knew what he was thinking, Annalise looked over to where Ash was sitting. She whispered something to Arie, who nodded in agreement. Annalise stood up slowly and made her way over to Ash’s side of the cave. Ash sat up straighter and smiled as she came closer. He thought about looking Leon’s way, but decided against it. He didn’t want anything to ruin the happiness that jumped inside him when she was near. 
“Hey,” he told her. 
Annalise sighed and turned to sit next to him. “They say that you cannot get too close to the creatures.” Ash felt his face darken in embarrassment. It was a feeling he never had. Yet the thought of her seeing him act so stupid with the hulmiens made him feel even worse.
 He hastily tried to change the subject. “I can take care of myself, but you seemed to be having fun with Arie.” 
She looked at the ground and pretended to straighten her clothes. “Yes, well Finlay told us that it is a mortal custom to have one last...what did he call it? Bravo before a battle.” Ash wasn’t sure what type of custom Finlay was referring to, but he was pretty sure he was making it up to get Annalise and Leon to loosen up. They both sat in silence for a long time. Neither of them having to talk.  Ash still felt comfortable. He could sense how nervous she was about the jump into the tenth layer. He was also nervous, but because he was about to enter a layer that no one else could get to. The tenth layer had been closed off to citizens since the ecosphere was created. He still couldn’t believe that he was about to enter it to fight the legendary fallen.
“There is no turning back,” she whispered. She bravely grabbed his hand and squeezed it. Her hand felt warm and soft against his rough skin.
“You can still go home with Leon,” he told her. He wanted to give her one last chance to turn around. 
She shook her head. “If I go home, they will cast me out. If I go home with the blood of a fallen on my hands they may forgive me.” Everything she said made perfect sense, but Leon’s words were still stuck in his mind. Was he pushing her to be reckless like himself? He didn’t want to feel responsible for someone else’s death.
“And when it is over, what will become of us? How about our bond?”  Ash wasn’t sure what type of answer he was expecting. She didn’t have any plans to stay, and he had too much pride to ask her to.
 “Natara said it will fade with time.” Her words stung him. How could she pretend that this past week had meant nothing to her? Ash coldly pulled his hand from her grip. The sudden thought of losing the bond terrified him. He enjoyed feeling the power of water around him. With the bond, the need to sleep and eat came considerably less. The connection with another living being made him feel less alone. Until she talked about it fading, he hadn’t thought much about how much he loved it.
“This bond makes us unique. If you could give it a chance; maybe we can learn to control it. We can learn to do great things with it.” He wasn’t even sure why he was saying this. He knew all along the end of their story. Perhaps it was the hulmiens’ poison that made him speak before thinking. The only thing on his mind at that moment was the fact that he did not want Annalise to leave, or their bond to fade.
She shook her head and slowly stood up. “This bond does not make us unique. It makes us an outcast. It is a curse for breaking the rules.”
“That is Leon speaking.” 
“This is me speaking.” She took her hands and put them to her heart. 
Ash disagreed. He stood up beside her. He towered over her small form. Looking her in the eyes, he tried not to sound so harsh. “Once again, that is only your fear.”  She didn’t answer, so he decided to drop the subject.
He looked at everyone at the bonfire. They needed to run. His cloudy mind had started to clear out. The hulmiens were preparing that large pot for something and he had a sneaky suspicion they had never eaten a seraph. Today would not be the day they would get to. Ash grabbed Annalise’s hand and pulled her close.
“I know Finlay thinks we will be okay, but I really think we need to get out of here. Those friendly feelings the hulmiens share with Fin will eventually fade and we will end up like the piles of bones we saw back along the way,” he told her. Annalise appeared to understand. He talked quietly in case someone was listening. He watched as Finlay started to dance with a hulmien and Leon started to twirl Arie around the fire. He thought that the hulmiens weren’t supposed to have an effect on anyone but mortal men, but everyone was acting far too relaxed.
“What will we do?”
“If we put out the fire, it may distract them. They are preparing that big pot for something.”
Annalise held out her hand. “I can make the water if you can get close enough to throw it on the fire. While the hulmiens are distracted by the water, we can all make a run for it. Leon told me the entrance is a little farther down the cavern, a hole in the ground. They won’t follow us down there. They said that no one ever goes down there.”
Ash looked at her; they didn’t even need to talk. He would do what he needed to distract the hulmiens and she would get everyone out. It sounded so easy, but he knew nothing ever was. Ash walked closer to the dancing hulmiens and tried to keep his mind focused. He didn’t want to slip back under their spell. He decided to try and touch them as little as possible in case their poison was spread by contact.  He walked up to Leon with his head held high.
“May I steal Arie away for a minute?” Ash asked Leon. Arie spun around grinning and held her arms out to wrap them around Ash’s neck. Leon took a step back and let his eyes wander over to Annalise, who stood back away from the dancers.  The girls noticed that Ash was back and ran over to him. They each put their hands all over Ash’s body and tried to pull Arie off of him. Ash tightened his grip and pulled Arie closer. He gave them a loopy smile and pretended to still be affected by them. “I’m sorry girls but you will each have to make a line and wait your turn.”
They each started to pout and complain.
“But we have missed you.”
“We are so lonely.”
A short green haired hulmien hissed and tried to pull Arie back by her hair. Ash watched as her bright eyes started to glow; the sound that came from her throat was like no other. Arie gasped as she lost her grip around his neck. The hulmien bent down and bit Arie in her shoulder.
“My turn!” Her hiss was so loud it echoed off of the walls.
Arie cried out; more in shock than anything else. She regained her balance and looked at the shorter hulmien. “You bit me!” 
She was answered with a proud fanged smile. The hulmien held her hands up to show five razor sharp claws that gradually grew from her fingertips. Ash got in his fighting stance, ready to protect his friends.
Finlay ran over from the other side where he was dancing with some other hulmiens. “Whoa, ladies, hulmiens, why all the hissing?”
The green haired girl pointed a claw at Arie. “Fin- this red-haired girl means to take my food.” Ash forced down a large gulp as the word food came from the creature’s mouth. Food? In all his keeper battles he had come across many things but never had he been someone’s meal. He knew that the hulmiens’ intentions were not friendly, and she had just confirmed this.
Finlay stepped in front of Arie to protect her. “You will not harm my friends, with your claws or your fangs.”
Ash looked around and noticed that the hulmiens were all starting to circle around the three of them. Annalise and Leon were nowhere to be found, Ash only hoped Annalise was filling Leon in on the plan, and quickly.  Ash pulled his blade out ready to slash anyone who made a move.
“Are you hurt?” Finlay asked Arie. He pulled her head to the side to examine her shoulder.
Arie laughed in response. “It barely broke the skin. I am going to kill these…these things.” 
The hissing continued around them as the creatures cried out.
“I’m so hungry.”
“We have waited so long.”
The creatures stepped in closer; there was nothing beautiful about them now. 
The sound of Annalise’s sweet voice from behind him made Ash turn around. In a split second a rain storm started to fall from above. The rain soaked only the hulmiens. It startled them, since they had never been to the surface to see rain. Ash decided that the bonfire was useless now- he needed to use the water as a weapon against them. Ash tried to use the water to push the hulmiens back from around them, but he wasn’t strong enough. It hit them; it just wasn’t strong enough to harm them. One of the girls jumped toward Ash, but he sidestepped the attack and let her hit the ground. He tried again to make the water into a weapon, but again he failed. He could manipulate it, but there was nothing harmful about the water he threw at them. The water only appeared to agitate and confuse them.
“What are you doing?” Finlay cried out, pushing a hulmien back with a wall of vines. The vines sprouted from the ground and twisted around the creatures. They responded by slashing the vines with their claws in one swift motion. Arie swiped at a few girls with her knife. He didn’t understand why it was so hard to control the water. He had no problem controlling it before, but he didn’t have much experience with it in battle. He felt the tingle grow in his hands. He took a deep breath and cried out as he used his hands to throw a wave of water at another hulmien. She flew back against a rock, Ash smiled in response. He was getting a bit better. From the corner of his eye he watched each one of the creatures go up in flames. They each hissed and fell to the ground in pain. Their cries didn’t affect him nearly as much as their singing did.
“About time,” Finlay said. 
Ash looked over at Leon who stood emotionless; he stared at the flaming bodies. If it was so easy for Leon to kill the creatures, why didn’t he just do it in the first place? Unless, Leon’s plan had been to make Ash look weak all along. The only male affected by the creatures, and the only male without an affinity. Ash let the burning hatred rise in his chest as he glared at Leon. The seraph was putting in his claim for Anna.


Chapter Eleven


Annalise

Her hands went to her mouth in shock of Leon’s blatant display of power and caused the rain to stop. Before she could open her mouth to speak, he grabbed her hands and pulled her behind him.
“Come on, we need to get out of here,” he called to the others.
She followed behind him quickly, eyes looking back to make sure Ash was in tow. He was, and he did not look very happy about what had transpired. They had tried to use their bond, share the affinity for water, and it had failed them. She knew that it was disappointment that flowed from him and over to her. 
After they were once again to safety, Annalise found herself walking behind Ash, Arie, and Finlay.  Leon had allowed them to walk in front so he could keep up the rear and make sure none of the hulmiens followed behind them. Really, Annalise was glad to have a few moments from Ash due to the harsh things he had said to her before they tried to fight their way out of the lair, as well as his interaction with those dreadful creatures. She knew that the flirtations with the hulmiens were due to their poisons and song, but it had reminded her that he had been more like that when they had met. He had been one not to settle down or spend serious one on one time with a woman, and so she had reminded herself that she needed to go home. It would never work between them, even if part of her wished it would. Their bond was not even strong enough to battle with.
Leon cleared his throat and she looked over to him to see what he needed. “What’s on your mind, Anna?”
“I do not wish to talk about it.”
“You haven’t spoken since we left those hulmiens, and I thought you had some sort of fun there before things became dangerous.”
Annalise let out a sigh and shrugged, “I did enjoy myself, more so than I have in a long time it seems. It is just that…I spoke with Ash about the bond. He wants to give it a chance, so to speak. I think maybe he wants me to stay but he would not say it.”
She could see Leon’s change in posture at the mention of the bond. He stood up straighter as he spoke, “I told you that mingling with the mortals would bring you down, but you did not listen to me. We used to bond with the mortals, and then it did not turn out in our favor.”
“Do you remember those days?” she asked curiously.
“Yes. I was a young seraph back then. I still had warrior training, but the females were the majority of healers.  We lived in harmony with the humans for the most part.”
“Natara says that lots of seraphs were bound with mortals. Did you ever make a…bond?” She drew her words out slowly, not sure if she wanted the answer or not. If he had, perhaps she could get him to understand. If not, she feared that he would not.
“No,” he said simply.
“Did you know of anyone with one? Did Finlay have one?”
“I did know of bonded pairs, and no this was before he was created.”
Annalise tried to imagine a time without Finlay around. “The seraph world must have been a dull place.”
Leon looked over at her with an amused smile on his face, one that she had missed getting from him through all of these serious conversations they had recently, “Is that a joke?”
“Perhaps.”
“I never imagined you making a joke on purpose,” Leon said with a laugh. He reached over to put an arm around her waist and pull her over to him. “I’m just glad to see that you are okay. I feared that the fallen would get to you in order to try and get to me. They know that you are my counterpart and with you wandering around the mortal world…” He let his words trail off, but she could tell what he meant by that. 
“I am glad you are safe also. You have always been by my side and I do not want that to change. But Leon, I am not so sure that I want to leave here. This experience with Ash has opened my eyes to all of those things I wanted to see. I have seen the stars. I have gone on adventures. I have-”
She stopped herself from saying those words that she had not even gotten to tell Ash and cast her eyes to the ground, just how much she cared for him. “Anyway, it does not matter. If he wanted me to stay, he would have asked me. Do you not think?”
“Yes he would have. If he is any kind of man, he would show his feelings for you and ask you to stay. He just wants to use you for your power, for the bond. He can manipulate water now and no other mortal can do that. I’m sure that he would love to keep you around for that reason alone.”
Annalise frowned, the thought never occurring to her before. She had assumed that his feelings were deeper than the bond, but Leon was intelligent and usually right. She could not see why she shouldn’t listen to him. As if he knew she was thinking about her, Ash turned to look at them. His frown matched hers when he saw her counterpart’s arm around her. Pulling herself out from under his wings, she couldn’t help but be sad that she wasn’t walking beside of the mortal like she had been the entire trip. 
“But you meant it when you promised you will return to the seraph realm? You will be safer there.”
Annalise sighed and let the frustration show on her face, “Yes. I told you that I would and you know that I keep my promises.”
Ahead of them, Finlay threw his hand out in front of Arie dramatically, “Stop.”
“Watch it Fin,” Arie exclaimed as she ran into his arm and almost fell over it.
“Sorry dear.” He turned to address the group, “We have reached the entrance to the tenth layer, home of the fallen.”
Leon stepped up to the rest of them, but Annalise stayed slightly away from them, afraid to get too close. “I do not see anything.”
“Hole in the ground, meet Annalise. Annalise, meet hole in the ground. Do the fallen really deserve more than that?” Finlay laughed and pointed in front of him.
She stepped forward, eyes averting away from Ash’s stare and peered into the hole. It was large enough for one person at a time to fit through, and she could tell it was very dark down there. This was it, their last chance to turn around. However, she knew that destroying a fallen and showing the Elders that she was serious and regretful about what she had done was the only way they would forgive her. Still, she was terrified that one or more of the five of them would not come out alive.
Finlay led the way as he jumped into it without hesitation. Arie was next, followed by Leon and Ash. Annalise hesitated and peered down into the hole again. After several minutes, she heard them whispering below.  Suddenly Ash’s form appeared and looked up at her. She assumed that the others had sent him to fetch her. 
 “Come on, Anna, it’s okay,” Ash called. 
Annalise shook her head, not being ready to go down there. 
“Annalise,” Ash insisted, “we are alone down here. If you aren’t coming and we get hurt, what will we do?”
She gave him a scowl and held her breath as she gave in and slipped down into the small space and landed harshly on her feet. He was right, they had to work together, but she was not ready for this part to happen, and she wasn’t sure that she would ever be. It was best to just go.
“That was less than pleasant,” she said and took Ash’s hand as he offered it to her. It made her feel a little bit more comfortable. 
He led her behind Finlay, Leon, and Arie through the tunnel. There were no longer florescent lights, no more jungle or mountains, just dirt and lanterns hanging along either side of the walls. It reminded her that she was underground and it made her cringe. As soon as they were out, she would take Ash back to the surface and look up at his moons before leaving. She turned to give him the suggestion when he opened his mouth to speak and she closed her own.
“Are you really going home with him?” he asked suddenly.
 “Do not be upset with me,” she pleaded, blue eyes moving over to him and begging him to try and understand what she could not say out loud. She hoped that he would ask her to stay…for him and not the bond.
“How can you expect me not to be?”
“Because you should understand.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Biting her lip, she shook her head to avoid spilling it all out. If she told him exactly how she felt, with Leon in hearing distance, their mission would be over, and Ash would possibly be dead at the guardian’s sword. “You must trust me.”
“I think you have trusted him enough,” Leon muttered and turned to give the two of them a less than happy look. “Don’t think that I have not seen there is something different about you, Annalise.” His gaze moved over to Ash, “I know he has kissed you, and I know more about what you are feeling than you do. Don’t push it. ”
Annalise could feel her face flame a bright red, hoping to have hidden that from Leon until they could have had some time to talk. Ash, however, just smirked at the seraph, a boastful smile coming over his face. Leon looked as if he would throw fire at him that instant, and she thought she saw it licking at his fingertips anxiously.
“Quiet,” Finlay said suddenly as he paused ahead of them and pulled Arie behind him, “I think we have company.” Arie shook Finlay off of her and pulled out her gun. Ash reached down to pull out his blade.
As if on cue, Endarial stepped into view, followed by three male and two female minions, each with a different colored ring that glistened on their fingers, “Well, well, well, what do we have here? Not just little Miss Innocent, but her counterpart and Finlay? It must be my lucky day.”
“Anna, stay back,” Leon instructed and glanced back at them. Annalise could see the ball of fire growing in his hands as he stepped in front of her. 
She tried not to frown, proud of herself for all of the training she had done and hard work into learning to be more assertive and understanding of things unknown to her before. He was still treating her as a child.
“I assure you that I will not harm a feather on her wings,” the redhead said, holding her pinky finger up in the air, “Pinky promise. It’s your blue blood that I wish to have flowing on the ground below me.”
Leon glared at her, menacingly, “You have tried before and failed, what makes you think that you will succeed this time?”
Suddenly, one of her minions ran at Annalise, not giving her a chance to move before he had her by the throat and up against the cave wall. She let out a cry and could see Ash tense up to come after her. She had been torn from his hands and she could feel him beating himself up on the inside for letting her get taken. Annalise shook her head in response and hoped he would stay back. She wanted to try to defend herself and raised her hands to grip the fallen’s wrists and hold herself up. Her wings fanned back and forth to fight to hover above the ground.
“For starters, I have your counterpart,” Endarial laughed as she pulled her lighter from her hands and aimed the fire straight at the blonde seraph.
“Ash!” Annalise called and let the water flow from her hand and down onto the floor. She hoped he would use it as he needed during battle, but after their failure with the hulmiens she wasn’t so sure they could be successful. The fallen’s grip tightened on her neck but it was just enough for Ash to focus the flowing water back at Endarial.
The water put out her fire and splashed in her face, drenching her tall form. The angry fallen leader let out a growl and pulled her sword from its resting place and held it out in front of her, “I will kill you all.”
“It’s made of silver!” Arie exclaimed, making sure the others knew to be careful. 
Finlay and Leon both pulled their swords from their hilts as well and charged towards Endarial before Annalise could beg them to stop. She turned her attention to the fallen squeezing her throat. The world was getting blurry as she kicked at him.
“This will be so much fun,” he laughed, his voice loudly echoing off the walls as she heard her friends fighting for their lives.
His laughter was cut short, however, as he froze and dropped her to the ground. His large form fell to the ground. Annalise’s hands went up to her throat as she gasped for air, Ash looking back at her, gun in hand. She pulled the dagger dipped in silver from her side and cringed as she flipped him over, not wanting to be the one to remove his wings. 
Finlay came running over to her and took it from her, “Here let me do the dirty work, you go work your magic.” 
She nodded in agreement and ran to join in on the battle. She was happy not to have to cut the wings off the fallen. It was sword against sword as Leon and Endarial fought. Arie was fighting fist for fist with a fallen, pulling her gun out to stun them before she moved on to the next. Trees were sprouting all around Annalise, vines whipped at her as she tried to get her eyes focused on the world around her. Fireballs flew past her face as she tried desperately to get to Ash. He was trying to fight off a fallen, one of the females quite intent on removing his head with her sword. 
As the clouds rolled in, she barely noticed them, not even thinking that it was unnatural for them to be here in the tunnels. Her sights were clear as she grabbed the female and focused her water around her face and down into her throat. She choked on it and let Ash go. She tumbled backwards onto Annalise. 
“You human loving piece of-” she started, unable to finish due to the water being forced down her throat. Annalise pulled herself off the ground with her wings. She pushed the fallen hard against the wall which knocked her out. Her fear of losing Ash fed every drop of her affinity and fight.
She dropped to her feet, hand going up to move Ash’s bangs to the side, “Are you hurt?”
“I’m fine,” he said. He kissed the back of her palm and raised his blade up to continue fighting.
His eyes went wide, focused behind her, and she heard a terrifying laughter fill the space. 
Loki.
Thunder echoed behind his laughter, a sudden blood curling scream following behind it. Her breath caught in her throat as fear gripped her.  She felt as if a knife cut at her. She screamed in agony as she tried to get up, confused as what was happening.
“Anna, don’t,” Ash whispered as he grabbed her and tried to keep her from going. There was clearly something he didn’t want her to see.  He shook his head and asked her to stay with him. Again her cries filled the cave, echoed by a deeper cry nearby. 
She jerked her arm from his and turned to see who was screaming, a fear rising in her as she felt as if her own wings were ripped away. It took her breath away and she had to fight the need to fall to the ground in pain. Finally, her eyes settled on Loki. His dark hair fell to his shoulders, tucked behind his ears, his eyes were dark black depths looking back at her. They were full of hate and evil, yet entertained by whatever it was that he was doing. As she looked at the wings held in his hands, dripping with blue blood, she could feel her world stop around her.
Leon lay at Loki’s feet, blood poured out from the holes in his back as his weakened form struggled to get up. Three different fallen held him down and fought to keep him there. Even in his weakened form, he was difficult to hold down. He called his fire to attack them, covering his body in flames and burning the hands of those who held him down. Their faces only showed pain for a moment, but then they tightened their grip on him.
Loki let out another laugh as he straddled her counterpart. He slammed Leon’s head into the ground and pulled it back up by the hair. Annalise could see the blood seeping from his nose as she let out a horrified scream. Her legs took off before she could completely register what was happening, tears stinging at her eyes and falling freely as she ran towards him, the world still frozen in place. Arie and Finlay both tried to stop her but she pushed them out of the way, making sure she kept them down by slamming water into them. 
“Please stop!” she screamed, “Do not do this, Loki, please!”
He cocked his head to the side, smile still spread over his face as he laughed, “This is your fault. Don’t you see? You chose the mortal over your own kind, and you must pay.”
“No, Anna,” Leon whispered, loud enough for her to hear as she neared them.
“Shut up, you pathetic fool,” Loki said, suddenly growing serious as he lowered his head to the side of Leon’s pale face, “Awww, it’s so tragic.” As he sneered once more, the fallen sliced the silver blade across the seraph’s strained neck and kicked him across the room.
“Nooooo!!!!” Annalise screamed as she came to halt at Leon’s lifeless form and fell to the ground beside him. “No, Leon, no. Do not leave me,” she begged. Her tears fell uncontrollably as the sobs took her over. She flipped his body over and mumbled prayers forcefully as she did so, praying to the gods or whoever was listening to save her counterpart. She could feel the pain radiating in her own being, her throat burning as if she were sliced open, the illusion of her own blood pouring from her neck and back. The mortal language mixed with that of the seraph language as she tried to bring him back. The world was a blur around her, her words not even making sense to her own self. 
 “Leon!! Leon!!!” she cried. Annalise had never felt such pain before, emotionally or physically and she just wanted to die with him. She understood now what it felt like for Finlay to lose his counterpart, how it affected him and she knew she would never ever be okay again. She did not care that Loki still laughed nearby, and took pleasure in her pain. She had never felt such anguish before. The bond with Ash had made her emotions run incredibly deep and now they were destroying her. 
Reaper instinct kicked in as she crawled on top of him and focused her energy into him, hands pressed into his chest forcefully as she closed her eyes, “Please Leon, come back, come back.” She couldn’t concentrate, but both of their bodies lit up the small space, filling the darkness with her golden light, tears streamed down her face and onto his body. It was too late, she could feel it. He would not come back for all of the blessings in the world. She had felt his soul shimmer out. But she had to try, try harder than she had with Ash, anyone else that she would ever try to heal. He couldn’t be dead, he just couldn’t. She just could not wrap her mind around life without him. Moving her hands up to his neck, she focused her powers there, determined to heal the wounds, Loki’s laughter continued on at the site of the seraph losing her wits.
“Anna,” a soft voice whispered nearby.
“Shut up! Shut up!!!” she screamed as she brought her hands up to her face and sobbed into them. Annalise wasn’t ready to stop just yet, but her light faded out as she paused for a second to keep from passing out. 
Hands encircled her and dragged off of her slain counterpart. She grasped for him, not wanting to let him go, not being able to stand being apart from him now. Her nails dug into the dirt floor below her, “Stop it, stop it. Leave me be.” She tried to pull away from them, water spouting from her hands worthlessly and only succeeding in making the dirt floor muddy. Leon’s name continued to escape her mouth as she finally got away from the one holding her and scrambled back to her counterpart. 
 “Anna, stop it,” the person said again as he grabbed her and forced her into his arms. 
“No, this cannot be happening,” she cried, grasping Ash for dear life, her mind registering that it was him who was holding her. But it didn’t matter, nothing mattered. She would sit here and let Loki take her wings too. The one person who had stood by her side, had always understood her, was gone. Ash continued to stroke her hair, spitting curses at the fallen in front of them. 
“Run, Annalise, run. I will distract them,” he told her, but she couldn’t-no wouldn’t-move. She sat there in Ash’s embrace and wished for an end to her misery.
“Anna, Anna, Anna,” Loki mocked, following by a fit of laughter.
Another form tried to pull her from Ash’s arms, and he fought to pull her back. When the cold hands encircled her throat, he let her go. She found it hard to care. Let them take her. All was lost. Endarial pulled her backwards, towards the fallen lord, letting her own laughter mingle with his. Tears continued to fall down Annalise’s face as she looked over at Leon’s lifeless form. She couldn’t keep her eyes off of it. She would never see him again, never talk to him, or look into his green eyes. All she would have is this emptiness that she was feeling, that bloodied form would forever haunt her whenever she closed her eyes. 
“You leave her alone,” Ash demanded as he rushed at Endarial with his dagger held high. Ash took a few swipes at the fallen before pulling out his gun to shoot her, but all of the chambers were empty. There were no bullets left to kill the one fallen they were after. The extra clip was in his holster. He tried to reach down to reload, but he failed.
Annalise allowed herself to look over at him, not having the energy to ask him to stop. The two remaining fallen grabbed him and trapped him in their grasps as he fought to get to her. 
“Anna it’s going to be okay,” he said, even though uncertainty flowed off of him. He was angry and worried.
She shook her head as she felt the fit of sobs take her over again, but as the tears began to flow, the realization of everything that had just occurred hit her and her world went black.

When Annalise awoke, she had a hard time focusing her eyes due to the bright lights in the room she was in. 
“Hello Annalise,” she heard a familiar voice say as it echoed off of the walls.
She forced her eyes to open and tried to stand up, but she was bound to a metal chair, silver restrains around her wrist and ankles holding her in place. Fighting against them only made the material scratch against her skin and burn slightly, and she stopped to look around the room. It was made out of pure metal, gray and cold. She tried to teleport quickly and being unable to, she knew she was still in the tenth layer.
“It’s no use, you cannot get free,” the voice spoke again.
Annalise turned her head to the side to see Natara standing there by the door, arms crossed and a concerned look upon her face, “I am sorry about Leon. I was hoping they would give him the opportunity to become one of us.”
“You-you betrayed us,” the seraph whispered, realization dawning on her. 
The fallen nodded, coming to stand closer to her and leaning in to whisper in her ear, “Loki is very persuasive. I think you would learn to like him if you would give him a chance.”
“You love him?” Annalise questioned, picking up in the words that Natara was not saying, “But how is that so?”
“The same way your precious Leon loved you, but his love could not run as deep since he was seraph. This overwhelming need in us to protect that which we cherish, the one that makes you watch after each other. It changes once we are made fallen. Once a seraph is cast out, they are cursed with mortal emotions. Loki has helped me to understand them and yes I have come to love him. You, however, have this deep bond with the mortal, which I will never have. This is just as good.”
Annalise couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Her old friend was in love with the king of the fallen, Loki. She agreed, he had been attractive when he was a seraph, he was looked up to and ranked among the same levels of Leon and Finlay.  However, he was selfish and evil, and she could not wrap her mind around why a seraph would want to betray their kind to join forces with a fallen.
“Anyway, you get me off track. I will let this one live, but only if you join us.” She pointed across the room where Annalise hadn’t looked yet. 
Ash was sitting there, tied up to a metal chair just as she was, but with rope. His mouth was stuffed with cloth, rope wrapped around his head to keep it in place. She wasn’t sure what to do. Her life was not going to be the same without Leon and she could not lose Ash as well, but she couldn’t be a fallen. No matter what happened. Annalise had thought that becoming a fallen was the worst thing that could happen to her. It was her biggest fear, but she had been wrong. She had also agreed with Ash when he said the bond was her fear. Although it was true statement at the time, it was not actually the worst thing that could happen to her. Losing the people she cared about most was far worse than anything she had ever imagined. She knew that now, but it could very well be too late.  She remembered the way it felt as Leon’s wings were cut off, her own pain as if it were happening to her. The hot silver dipped dagger across her throat. She felt the tears burning at her eyes again as she closed them, Leon’s dead form flashing in her vision. But she would not let Natara see her cry.
“I will never be one of you,” she clarified, “You are evil creatures. I will kill you. I will kill all of you for what you have done.” Her blue eyes opened to glare at her old friend. Now she understood that fire inside of Ash, the one that pushed him to bring them down here to find Endarial. They had not put an end to her life, but Annalise was determined that this would happen. And she would hold true to her promise, she would end Natara’s life as well. Show Loki what it was like to lose someone he cared for, if he truly cared for Natara. 
The fallen sighed, “I was afraid you would say that, Annalise. Now, I do not want to hurt you dear, but I must do as I am asked.” She walked over to the counter on the far side of the room and picked up a syringe. 
Once again the seraph struggled against her restraints, trying to get away. She didn’t know what was in that syringe and certainly did not want Ash to get whatever was in that. As Natara walked over to him, she cried out, “Stop, let me have it. Please, do not hurt him.”
Natara paused and looked over at the seraph with a cocked brow, “Well if you insist.”
Walking over to her, Annalise could hear Ash fighting against his restraints. She knew that he would help her if he could. She let out a sigh, she just didn’t care much anymore about what could happen to her. She had failed Leon, allowed him to be taken from her because she had become wrapped up in Ash’s world. Her breath became labored as fear washed over her. Natara lowered the needle to her arm and she felt a sharp prick, followed by a soft burning sensation as the fallen pushed the liquid into her vein. Annalise let out a scream as the burning continued, becoming more intense as it shot up her arm and through her body.
“It’s silver, weakens the body. Somehow I knew you would choose it to spare the mortal. He would have been fine, I suppose.”
“I do not care what you do to me. You have ruined everything. I hate you and I hate your Loki. I will have his blood flowing from Leon’s sword,” she spat.
The fallen paused in shock of the harsh words coming out of her mouth, “Why Anna, I believe this mortal has corrupted you.” With that, she reared her hand back and slapped the seraph across the face. 
“Ugh,” Annalise muttered, determined not to let any semblance of fear drift off of her, but she could taste the blood and she knew it flowed down from her lip. 
Natara reared back and hit her again, harder this time, the air in the room changing to make it harder to breathe. “You will not speak his name. He is too good for you. Those seraphs that you think are perfect are not so wonderful. You shall see. They are just as selfish as we are.”
She reached over to the counter and grabbed another needle. She forced it into the seraph’s arm and taped it there. “If you are smart, you will change your mind about what side you are on,” she growled as she hooked up a clear tube to the needle and pressing a button on the machine next to her. Silver liquid began to flow through the tube, and Annalise began to scream.
Natara stood there and watched for a moment as the liquid flowed, paused, and then began to flow again. Annalise began to scream each time it began to flow again. The pain was never ending, and she wasn’t so sure that she would make it out alive. It was hard for her to even care about that anymore. When the flow stopped each time, she was thankful, but then it would start again and she would scream and cry. There was no use in fighting it anymore, her world was upside down and would forever be miserable.
She watched as Natara walked over to Ash, “You will be lucky if either of you survive.” Her voice and words were evil, so different from the girl that Annalise used to know and she knew then that the fallen really were evil creatures. The dark haired girl pushed a button beside the door which raised it up, and left the two of them alone.

Ash

The large ropes cut into his skin every time he moved, while Annalise’s screams tore his heart in two. He felt as if he were bleeding from the inside out. Closing his eyes long enough to focus on keeping his sanity; he tried to concentrate against the waves of pain that Annalise was feeling. The cloth that gagged him was stuffed in so deep he could almost swallow it. He lowered his neck down so the rope around his face rubbed against his shoulder. Gently taking his time and focusing on the goal he was successfully able to loosen the rope. It fell around his neck and he spit out the cloth. He tried to comfort her, but his mouth and lips were dry. Another wave of torment flew from Annalise. Ash closed his eyes in anticipation. The pain was excruciating. He didn’t know if it was the silver or heartbreak that was more painful. 
“Anna,” he said between gritted teeth. 
Her eyes were bloodshot and marks of smeared blue colored blood ran across her face and body. He couldn’t tell if it was hers or Leon’s but either way she looked to be in terrible condition. 
“Don’t focus on the pain Anna, clear your mind. Focus on my face.” Anna started to breathe heavily as she watched some more of the silver liquid run through the tube and into her arm.  She screamed as it sizzled through her veins poisoning her entire body.
“Anna!” Ash said with a bit more force. She slowly opened her eyes. They were empty and her usual sparkle of blue had dulled to a darker shade. “Don’t look at the silver, look at me. Only me.”
“I should have left,” she mumbled. “I should have left…” She let her head fall forward. Ash watched as she sobbed causing her shoulders to shake uncontrollably. She was right. They should have never tried to come down here. He should have swallowed his need for revenge and kept Anna in a safe place. He thought they had a good chance of winning, but that stupid fallen woman had betrayed them. The fallen had been waiting for them to show up.  She had run to them, and told them everything. Ash shook his head in defeat. Trouble followed him. He always caused pain to those who got to close. But not this time. He would get Annalise out alive no matter what the cost.
“It will be okay. I can get us out of here. I’ve been in worse situations than this,” he reassured her. His voice was calm. It was true. Over the years he had been caught in battle twice. Once, he had barely escaped execution before bribing a guard to release him. This situation looked just as hopeless, so surely they could figure something out. Ash slowed his breath and opened his mind. He focused on the task at hand, to escape. An idea would come, he just knew it. After a few moments it came to him. He couldn’t believe that he had forgotten.
“Finlay and Arie!” 
Annalise looked at him with heavy eyelids. “What about them?”
“I don’t remember seeing them when we were caught. I think they got away.”
“It does not matter, nothing matters without him. Do you not understand? Nothing will be okay!” 
He had never seen her get so angry before, so emotional. She had kept such a tight cap on her feelings lately. It was then that he realized how much she meant to him. It was more than just wanting to keep the bond. Hearing her pain made him want to reach out to sooth her. But he couldn’t, all he could do was watch while she suffered. He continued to wiggle on his ropes, they were starting to loosen. Maybe if he kept on he would be out soon. 
“You can’t give up now, you hear me?” he told her, “Where would I be without you? You are such a good person. Everyone loves you, when you talk, people listen. When you smile, everyone else smiles. When your face lights up with that cute little dimple, I fall in love with you every time I see it.  You make me a better man, I can’t do this alone Anna- please.” Ash didn’t cry, but if he could- there would be tears running down his face. As a keeper, they weren’t allowed to show weaknesses and he had gotten so good at holding back the tears. Now he wished he could let the dam break loose and show her all of the pain she would cause him if she gave up. He looked around the room, in a corner table all of their belongings were laid out. Their guns, knives, and his keeper blade all foolishly within reach, he just needed to move the chair a few feet to the left.
“No,” she replied “I messed everything up.”
The sound of the door slamming open and hitting the wall made them both jump in fear. In the doorway stood a fallen with his wings spread out around him. His eyes were pitch black and he wore only a pair of black cotton pants. He had long brown hair that flowed down his back.  A long scar ran down his left cheek. He had high cheekbones and a cleft chin. The fallen cracked his knuckles, it drew attention to the large black ring on his middle finger.
“My, my, what do we have here?” he teased. His eyes were dead set on Ash as he walked closer. The fallen was big, the muscles on his arms and chest were chiseled to perfection and in his hands he drew a small ball of fire.
“When Natara said she had found a bonded pair I didn’t believe her, but here you two are. Pretty soon you will both be one of us and if we can figure out how you were bonded, we can start turning humans into fallen and get out of this hole.”
Ash felt a half smile creep over his face. He needed to distract the fallen from the fact that his leg ties were now loose enough to step out of. The fallen, they didn’t know how tie a knot to save their life. And really, it would have saved the fallens’ life because now that he was out he would kill each one of them.
“Just spill your entire secret plan while you’re at it.”
The fallen didn’t find Ash funny; he held up the fire ball in his hand and brought it close to Ash’s face. He could feel his face start to get hot; a small trickle of sweat fell down his forehead.
Just as quickly as it appeared, the fallen let the ball of fire burn out. His black eyes turned green in color, and he walked over to Annalise. He took the silver contraption out of her arm. He pulled a few small bottles filled with a colored liquid from his pants pocket. “Too bad my orders aren’t to kill you. Instead, I get to interrogate you and Leon’s counterpart.” 
Ash bit his lip as to not make the fallen angry, but his curiosity got the best of him.
“What do you want to know?” he asked plainly.
“I want to know how you both were bonded, but most importantly Leon’s counterpart is going to tell me how the seraphs strip our powers and make us into fallen.”
Ash snorted and shook his head. “She doesn’t know anything, why would she know? She was just a healer.”
The fallen’s eyes turned black again and in a flash his wings expanded and he flew across the room to just a few inches in front of Ash’s face. His wings knocked a few bottles onto the ground.
“She was with Leon for over a thousand years!” He shouted. “You think there is any way she doesn’t know what Leon did? Leon casts us out, changes us, and makes us into what we are today. Our own alchemist can’t even replicate the potion used. He can give us all the potions we need, but not this one. And…” The fallen walked over to a small table and started to play with a few metal instruments. “If we are going to take over- we need to increase our numbers…starting with her.” Ash screamed at the mention of Annalise. He struggled against the loosening ropes with every fiber of his being.
“You are not going to touch her! If you do I will kill you.” He roared. This only made the fallen laugh.
“If she tells me everything, I will make this…less painful.”
He pulled out a tube similar to what Annalise had in her arm from his pants pocket. He stretched it out and bent over to insert it into Ash’s arm.
“Let’s see if silver affects a bonded human as well,” the fallen said.
 Ash felt the prick on his skin and while the fallen was concentrating, he pulled his legs from the rope and stood up abruptly. He knocked the fallen backwards and onto the ground. Ash knew he only had a few seconds to spare before the fallen would be back up, so he took a hop to the left. His arms were still tied to the chair arms. Suddenly, he felt a ball of fire nearly miss the chair. He ran to the corner of the room to grab the silver blade he had been eyeing. As soon as the blade was in his grip he felt someone grab the chair he was attached to and lift him high up in the air. Ash used his free legs to kick the fallen below him, but he didn’t seem to notice the kicks.  The fallen tossed Ash against the wall head first. Ash prepared for the blow and gripped the blade tighter. He couldn’t drop it. A sharp pain radiated throughout his body as he felt his head make impact with the white wall. He let himself fall to the ground and stayed as still as possible. He had been trained to fight his entire life, he knew to keep calm and wait for the opportune moment to strike. He wouldn’t let anything distract him this time. Just like he knew he would, the fallen walked over to Ash’s body and began to pick him up.  As the fallen turned the chair around to face him, Ash plunged the blade deep into the fallen’s hip. The silver in the blade was enough to stun the fallen, causing him to fall and temporarily paralyzing him. Ash stood up and kicked the fallen in the ribs as hard as he could. All that tossing around had caused his ropes to loosen considerably so he wiggled the rest of the way out and ran over to Annalise.
He undid the restraints that held her against the chair. He threw her over his shoulder. He wasn’t sure how long the fallen would be stunned, but he didn’t want to be around long enough to find out.
He opened the door gradually. He was unsure of who stood outside that door. The room outside was completely white, so different from the ancient ninth layer they had walked through. The room was circular in shape with doors all around the perimeter. In the middle of the room sat one plain white desk, behind it stood one really pissed off fallen. He looked small with blonde hair and blue eyes like Annalise. The fallen immediately threw up his hand and water flew from the bowl of water at his side and toward Ash. Ash tried not to smile; it was like fate was truly looking out for them. Ash fell to the ground, careful to move Annalise so she didn’t get smashed by his large body. Annalise cried out once, but the silver still left her weak and unable to move much. Once she was safely on the ground Ash stood up, his eyes blazing with anger. He didn’t like being attacked, and he sure as moons didn’t like getting wet. The water splashed off the wall behind him and trickles hit his back. Clearing his mind, Ash used his new powers to reach out and move the water from behind him straight toward the fallen. It flew quickly in a stream back to the fallen. The look of pure shock on the fallen’s face was priceless. It was hard to manipulate the water this time, when another was trying so hard to do the opposite. Ash could feel his concentration grow weak, but he knew he couldn’t give up. If he made one wrong move they would both be back in the room locked up and tortured. He struggled to pull the remaining strength from his body and with his hands in the air he pushed the waves of water back toward the fallen, surrounding and trapping him with it. Ash pulled the silver dagger from his belt and ran it through the wall of water, straight into the chest of the fallen enemy. When he felt like he had done enough damage he let the water fall to the ground. Ash fell to his knees along with it, the affinity had left him feeling faint, but he knew they wouldn’t be safe until they out of there. 
Ash stood up and ran back to Annalise. He grabbed her tightly by the shoulders. Her clothes were tattered and torn; her hair was pulled out of the ponytail and fell over her face. She needed to wake up out of this emotional mess she was in. He had never seen her like this; her emotions were out of control. Ash felt a bit responsible for what was happening to her, but she needed to get control of herself. Pity would not bring Leon back.
“Wake up Anna!” he said, shaking her. She moaned slightly and moved her head. A few more tears fell down her face, but she didn’t come to.
“Wake up Anna. I can’t do this alone. I know I like to pretend I’m all big and bad, but I need you.” He kissed her forehead gently, making her sob a little harder.
The sound of movement from the room behind them made Ash tense up. Was it a fallen?
“Snap out of it!” he demanded. Without thinking, Ash raised his right palm and brought it across Annalise’s face. He felt bad for going to such extreme measures, but he needed her to get up and help him find a way out. 
Annalise put her hand to her cheek and opened her blue eyes. “Did you just smack me?”
Ash nodded and pulled her up. “Leon didn’t die so you could waste away crying. I lost Jedzia, so I know how you feel. It hurts, Anna. I know. So make him proud, we need to get out of here.”
She paused to think for a moment before giving him a sharp nod. Ash took her hand and ran to one of the doors. One of them had to be a way out. The first door contained some sort of scientific lab; he shut it quickly and ran to the next door. Once he opened it, he noticed the cave-like walls and dirt floor. 
“Got it,” he said. Without thinking, he ran outside pulling Annalise behind him. The seraphs and fallen lived in such different environments, it was hard to imagine that the fallen were once seraphs too. He crept slowly in the shadows, looking for signs of movement. There were a few smaller buildings outside; they looked like pods or quite possibly living quarters. Only a few torches along the walls lit up the darkness.
“None of this looks familiar,” he told Annalise. He had no idea which way to get back to the tenth layer entrance. “I need to get you to safety.” 
Annalise shook her head. “I am not going anywhere.” 
Ash groaned in frustration. Why couldn’t she do what he asked, just this once.
“Coming down here was a bad idea, I see that now. We were outnumbered and they are stronger than I expected. They weren’t supposed to all have these powers. Natara didn’t warn us, that traitor cowl. Once we get to safety, I will get the other keepers. They will know what to do. They will be interested to know about the fallens’ plans.”
She clutched his arm in fear. “You cannot. If you go to them; they will kill you.”
Ash put his arms around her to sooth her shaking body. He ran his hands down her hair to smooth it down. “Shhh… I don’t care. I will do anything to keep you safe. Plus, we don’t know for sure if they want to kill me. They may be looking to take me back.” He forced out a small laugh, but even he didn’t believe it. They sat there in silence for a few moments trying to decide what to do or where to go. He couldn’t believe he had just suggested they go to the keepers for help, but they didn’t have anywhere else to turn.
There were only two guards in the round room. When they were attacked, Ash was sure they must have killed at least a dozen fallen before they were caught. Where was everyone else?
“This was too easy,” he told her, “Where are the other fallen?”
They both looked around, nothing moved within sight. Staying close to the shadows they both ran. Ash had no idea where he was going or which direction was the right one, but something inside of him told him this was the right way and he never ignored his instincts.
“Where are Finlay and Arie?” Annalise whispered when they stopped to scope out a new landscape.
“They got away, I hope they got away,” he told her. Suddenly, in the distance, he heard sounds of yelling. “I hear something.” 
He put a hand out to stop Annalise from moving and stood still so he could listen. The screams brought chills down his spine. It was the sounds of death and pain. 
“We need to go the other way,” Annalise said, she tried to pull on his arm and tug him in the opposite direction of the screams, but Ash shook her grip off his arm.
“Wait.” He recognized one of the voices. If it was who he thought it was, there was no way he was going to leave her there to die. He crept slowly to the end of the cave, where the room branched off into three separate directions. 
“Come on Anna,” he said, walking slowly through one of the openings. He wanted to be as quiet as possible; the last thing he wanted to do was to get caught again. The end of the path brought them into a huge room, it was lit up with candles all along the ceiling. The walls were empty, but stalagmites and stalactites pointed from every direction. In the middle of the room he saw a group of five or six fallen, but his eyes zeroed in on a girl with fiery red hair.
“Arie,” he whispered. She was fighting a dark haired fallen with a gun in one hand and a large sword in the other.  She moved swiftly as she kicked a fallen to the ground and shot him in the head with a silver bullet. He couldn’t help but feel a bit of pride as she bent down to finish the fallen up. It was then that he noticed another redhead creeping up behind her. It was Endarial. He waited patiently for Arie to turn around and shoot her, but she was too busy trying to saw off the fallen’s wings. He started to scream out to her when he saw Endarial spread her wings as she went in to grab Arie by the neck.
“NNNNNN!” A small hand shot over his mouth. It muffled the sound of  his warning. It pulled him to the ground. Ash closed his eyes, the sound of blood rushing through his ears. He couldn’t hear her scream, but he knew it was out there. 

Chapter Twelve


Annalise

“Fin!” Arie exclaimed as Annalise pushed Ash to the hard ground behind the rock. She could see the anger written all over his face, but she knew that they only had one chance to surprise the fallen that were only a few feet away. 
“We will help them,” Annalise whispered, “You must be quiet.” She slowly pulled her hand back from his face, her stance serious. She was trying to focus on getting them all out safely instead of this wave of emotions that was threatening to pull her under again.  
Ash lowered his eyebrows but nodded his head, agreeing with her and pulling her closer to the rock so they could better hear. 
 “You make me sick, she’s a mortal,” this coming from Loki. Annalise hadn’t ever met him before today, but that deep voice would forever be burned into her brain.
“Do I look like I really care?” Finlay asked, still a touch of amusement in his voice.
A slapping sound resounded through the tunnel. A fallen’s hand against Finlay’s face, Annalise was sure. She could hear Arie fighting against the fallen that held her when this happened, meaning the situation must be worse than they had anticipated.
“If you don’t care, then you wouldn’t mind if we slit her throat.”
“You wouldn’t do that,” Finlay said to test the waters.
Loki let out a menacing laugh, “I thought you knew me better than that, Fin, we have spoken several times throughout the years. I know that you are one of those charged with turning us into what we are today.”
Annalise couldn’t help but throw her hand over her own mouth, surprised that not only had Leon been one of those but also Finlay, and she had never had any idea. She knew that there were many battles with the fallen, but she did not know that both of the seraphs closest to her in her life had contact with them on a regular basis.
“That doesn’t matter. I am well aware that you are one to partake in deals, so make me one,” the seraph’s voice became more serious then.
“There is no deal to make here. I hold the cards, so to speak, I will kill the girl and then I will kill you.”
“No, no you won’t,” Finlay said, trying to convince him otherwise, “She is the daughter of one of the best bounty hunters in the galaxy. If you kill her, Sasha Raines will destroy all of you.”
“I don’t fear that drunk.”
“You shut your mouth,” Arie spat, another slapping sound resonating through the space, followed by the girl’s cry.
“Why don’t you tell her the reason why you gave her the mission to kill me? Hmm? Had that keeper you paid off tell her to come kill me and give her the weapon to do so?”
Finlay paused, and Annalise reached for Ash’s hand, for she had a feeling what was coming next and she feared he would run out to start a fight. She begged him with her eyes to stay with her as the seraph’s voice rang out. “Ash was my charge, and it was his time to die. I knew that if Arie went on such a journey, that he would follow. He’s a lot like me,” he said with a laugh, “He is impulsive and irresponsible, and would jump at the chance to kill a legendary creature.”
“Fin, no,” Arie said, her voice low and sad, not willing to accept the information that she was hearing. 
Ash turned his face to look at Annalise as the anger came over his face. She leaned into him and whispered, “You cannot get mad at him. He was just doing his duty.”
“You didn’t do your duty when you saved me, that shows me you guys have a choice.”
“Finlay takes his job seriously.”
Ash smirked, “Yeah sure, just like he takes everything else so seriously.”
“He is your friend, do not go back to hating him.”
“Anna-”
“This is what I do as a guardian, Arie,” Finlay said, causing the two of them to pause and listen, “I don’t enjoy sending mortals off to die, but that’s part of what I do. When it is their time, sometimes I have to make it happen.”
“You should have told me.”
“You wouldn’t have listened. I’m sorry, Arie, but after I realized that I wanted to be around you more, I took you quickly as my charge so I could keep you safe. I felt remorseful for sending Ash to die, he was my friend. I haven’t had any real mortal friends before...and I went back to you afterwards, to make sure you were okay since he had been attacked.”
“Oh, how sweet,” Loki moaned, “You are so pathetic, she’s a worthless human.”
“She is not worthless, you spineless snake,” Finlay spat.
Annalise moved closer to Ash as she heard the thunder crack, the atmosphere changing around them as Loki began to lose his patience. He had been the first and only seraph to be created with the ability to control storms, and he was both strong and efficient with his powers.  
“You can do so much better, Finlay. Since you can’t see this, I guess I will have to prove it to you.”
“Can I kill her now?” Endarial’s voice rang out, unentertained, “I am so very bored.”
“Of course, make it nice and slow.”
“Wait!” Finlay exclaimed, “Stop, make me a deal.”
“There’s no deal that you could possibly make to save your friend.”
“You can have me. Take me and leave her be.”
“No, you aren’t going to do that,” Arie argued, “I can take care of myself, don’t let them take you.”
“Don’t listen to her, Loki. You know that you want the knowledge I have, how to make a fallen. I will give it to you, whatever you want, just let her go free.”
“Is that right?” Loki mused, “And all I have to do is let the mortal girl go?”
“Yes.”
“Well I can’t quite pass that up, now can I?” the fallen said and gave instructions to his underlings that Annalise couldn’t quite hear. She could hear several individuals moving around, weapons coming from their sheath, and she had to peek around the large rock to see what was happening.
Just as her eyes focused in front of her, Arie let out a scream. Finlay was willingly kneeling in front of Loki, eyes focused on the floor in shame. The fallen stood behind him, forcing his bent body lower to the ground and grabbing the seraph’s wings. His large sword was in one hand as he brought it down on the wings and began to saw them off, bringing painful grunts from the lips of Finlay. His eyes were closed as he tried to bite back the pain, and only let some of it escape.  Even in this position, Finlay wasn’t going to allow Loki to have all of the control, even though he was agreeing for Loki to remove his wings. Arie was several feet away, being held back by Endarial, fear in her eyes.
“We must help him,” Annalise whispered, flashbacks to losing Leon fresh in her mind. She could not stand to see the same thing happening to Finlay. If she lost them both, how would she ever return home?
“Not yet,” Ash insisted and held her back against him to keep her from running.
“They will kill him.”
“They’re just weakening him. They need him for information, Anna.”
Loki stood up, Finlay’s wings in one hand, blue blood flowing from them and onto the ground below. The seraph didn’t move, clearly unsure of what to do and humiliated at letting Loki have the upper hand. 
The fallen laughed loudly, the same entertained laugh that he had when he had killed Leon, “Alright, kill the girl.”
Endarial nodded, pulling her lighter from her pocket and giggling as she flicked it open. Arie struggled against her, throwing kicks the best she could, and the fallen dropped the lighter, cursing as she took hold of Arie’s hair, “You’ll regret that.”
Ash let go of Annalise and left her behind to run forward to the group. His patience had clearly run thin and he couldn’t wait anymore.  Annalise yelled out for him and jumped to her feet to follow his impulsive behavior. If he was going to run in on the enemy without thinking, she would go with him and try to keep him safe.
At the sight of Ash, Finlay pushed himself off the floor and brought his fist up to ram it into Loki’s nose, blood spurted up into the air. Ash wasn’t far behind him, throwing himself onto the fallen’s back and wrapping his arms around his throat. Loki laughed and flapped his wings to levitate him off the ground, taking Ash with him.
“We meet again, mortal.” Loki said. Annalise threw her arm out to the side and focused her water on the fallen lord’s mouth, anger fueling her powers. Ash put his hand in the stream and pulled on Annalise’s power to force it down the fallen’s throat. He began to choke, grabbing Ash’s arms and tossing him over his shoulder. Annalise was thankful when Finlay kept him from falling to the floor, using the last of his strength to catch him, both of them hitting the ground with a thud. 
Annalise turned from them, her eyes focused on Endarial and Arie. She had faith that Ash and Finlay could take care of Loki if they worked together, hold off the rest of the fallen until she could get the redhead to safety. Annalise was determined not to lose another one of them, so she kept a trickle of water falling from her hand in case Ash needed it. Endarial picked her lighter up off the floor as the seraph cast a ball of water at her. The lighter was knocked to the floor once again just as the fallen caught a simmer of a flame at her fingertips.
Endarial cocked an eyebrow, “Close, Blondie.” Her hand went up in flames, but Arie pushed the other girl away from her while she had her eyes on Annalise.  She dropped to the floor, kicking the legs of the fallen girl and knocking her down to the floor.
Arie stood back up and smiled at Annalise, which surprised her. The two of them had not gotten along very well, but now they worked together to survive. They looked down at an angry fallen, hand still on fire as she directed it at them, but Annalise was ready for it, sending a wave of water onto her which extinguished the flame.  
“Close, hot head,” Annalise said with a laugh and looked to Arie for confirmation of her humor. She received a slight smile from the bounty hunter. 
“Arie, are you okay?” Finlay’s voice rang out as the girls turned around. He was walking over to them slowly, trying to hide the pain he was in. Ash was trying to help him but Finlay brushed him off and insisted he would be fine, eyes set on Arie. 
Arie let out a sigh of relief and pulled her gun from her clothing. She aimed it down at Endarial and hit her with a bullet to stun her before answering, “I’m a lot better now.” She ran forward and put a careful arm around Finlay. “Will your wings grow back?”
“Yeah, it will just take a few days. I will need someone to take care of me though,” he said, laughing slightly and holding his side as the pain shot through him.
Annalise watched the two of them in a mixture of awe and confusion. She could see how much they cared for each other, so open and honest, and she wished that she had someone to share the moment with.
Ash let go of Finlay and came to stand in front of Annalise. He ran a finger down her cheek, “You okay?”
“As good as I can be,” she whispered and tried to avoid looking into his eyes. Her heart flipped at his voice. “Where did Loki go?” She moved her gaze to the ground where the other fallen had been killed by the duo.
“I don’t know, we just turned around and he was gone.”
“Do-do you think that I can go home now?”
Ash grew silent, long enough for the seraph to look up at him to see what his attention was set on. It was still her, and he looked so very confused, “That’s still what you want to do?” 
She wasn’t sure anymore, a large part of her wanted to stay with him. She wanted to tell him how she felt and see what he thought. Her hand came up to cup his face and she gave him a smile as she spoke. “Ash I think-” but her words were cut off as something slammed into her back and knocked the breath out of her. Endarial’s laughter rang throughout the tunnels as she pulled her fist back and hit her again. 
The keeper grabbed the fallen’s wrist to keep her from doing it again, “Arie, you used a silver bullet didn’t you?”
“That doesn’t work so well with those of us who have recently had essence of seraph,” she said and jerked herself from his grip.
Annalise felt her anger rise again, angry that every time she wanted tell Ash her feelings that someone would interrupt her, angry that Endarial kept crossing their paths and ruining their lives. A jet of water shot out of the air and hit the fallen in the chest, each drop as sharp as an icicle as they pounded against her. “You shall pay for what you have done.”
Endarial couldn’t hide the shock on her face as she desperately looked around for something.
“Looking for this?” Arie asked as she pulled the lighter from her pocket and examined it. She let go of it and it hit the ground. Her boot stomped on it several times, “Oops.”
“That is fine. I will rip you apart with my bare hands,” Endarial exclaimed, “Jaron gave us the alchemy technology we needed to begin experiments to create fallen. He had the keeper alchemist make us these rings too. He gave us intel on both mortals and keepers. Don’t think you can fight me and win. Soon, we will be unstoppable.” With that, she let out a loud yell and lunged forward to grab Annalise.  
But Ash was there, his hand pulled Annalise back against him as they fell to the ground. Her jet stream didn’t stop, only became stronger as she cast it at the fallen. She could feel Ash focusing with her, his hands moving along her arms to stretch out as hers did, their emotions mingled strongly once again as he held onto her. The stream became larger as Endarial continued to try to fight against it, struggling as it hit her again and again, each drop stinging her skin as it hit. Another stream of water shot out to the side to create a large funnel of water that swirled around and around, something Annalise had done previously while training with Finlay but was not currently doing. It was Ash who was manipulating her affinity to make it his own and moving it over to engulf the fallen creature. Endarial let out a gargle as her hands went to her throat. Annalise scowled at the girl, all of her hatred towards the fallen, all of the guilt for being part of the reason that Leon had died, all of her hurt and pain for having to leave Ash here in the mortal world and go back home, even though she had been sure at one point that was what she wanted to do. 
The redhead’s eyes begged for them to stop throwing the water at her, as it was swirling around her, slamming into each part of her body and making her fall to the floor. Once, Annalise would have cared and wanted to make it stop, never being one to see the death of anyone. All she could think about now, as the water flowed into the fallen’s mouth, was revenge. She knew some of it was coming from Ash, wanting to make Endarial suffer for killing Jedzia, and she was okay with that. She was glad to know that he was getting his revenge, and they would no longer have to deal with her.
“You will have to remove her wings for this to work,” Annalise reminded him.
Endarial’s eyes became wild as she coughed, trying to speak but only water coming from her mouth.
Ash pulled himself away from her and the water faltered slightly, but Annalise pushed herself to the limit once again and forced herself to continue to the swirl of water. She saw her friend, sword in hand, move around behind the fallen. Annalise focused on the water to move off of her back to allow him access. He grabbed ahold of the fallen’s wings, cutting them off quickly as she screamed, but only gurgling sounds came from her. Annalise forced herself to watch as he dropped the sword and wings to the ground and held his hands up to help slam the water down her throat. It caught the seraph off guard, and his anger made her falter, almost losing concentration just as Endarial fell to the ground.
She shut off her affinity and took a few deep breaths to steady herself. Annalise had never used so much of her power, except for when she brought Ash back to life, and she knew that she would sleep for many days when she got back home. He walked over to her and offered her his hand. She took it and let him pull her to her feet. 
“You did great, Anna.”
She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and cast her eyes to the ground. All of these intense emotions were starting to get to her, “Thanks, you were fantastic as well.”
His hand came up to cup her chin, forcing her to look at him, “I am very proud of you.”
“All those things you said back there when we were at the fallen realm,” she started, nervous to ask him but wanting so badly to know the answer, “Were you being sincere?”
“Annalise!” Finlay said dramatically which interrupted their conversation. 
She turned to him, irritation plastered on her face, “What?”
“We need to go before Loki gets back with reinforcements. You two can cast googly eyes at each other once we reach the Underground.”
“Finlay’s right,” Ash said and cleared his voice as he turned to walk forward.  
Annalise tried not to sigh, getting very tired of always being interrupted when she wanted to share how she felt. She followed behind them, eyes moving over to Finlay’s back where his wings were missing. It made her sick to see it.  A seraph was meant to stand proud and tall with their wings at their back. She knew that he was hurt on the outside and on the inside, but he would not show it. Both of them had lost their dearest friend, and now he had lost his wings, in such a short period of time. She wasn’t sure how they would recuperate, how she herself would go back to reaping souls each day. It would be nice to have some distance from the mortals, however; the more she was around Ash, the more she became like him. She had become emotional, and she wasn’t sure how to handle it.

Ash

The journey back to the eighth layer was worse than the travel down. Ash couldn’t sleep, he was afraid Loki would show up at any moment and he wasn’t in any condition to fight. Using Anna’s affinity had made him weak. Weaker than he cared to admit. Annalise had to carry all of them up from the tenth layer entrance, and after using all of her power she could barely walk. Arie, in better shape than all of them, would take turns holding each of them up and helping them walk. She didn’t even complain or try and lecture them. Most of her concern was aimed at Finlay and the fact that losing his wings made him vulnerable to death. They didn’t run into anymore fallen, and Ash really hoped it was because they had been scared off.  His hands were stained with blue blood, and he was quite sure they would always have a bluish tint. They had washed off at a waterfall they had found in the ninth layer, but both of the mortals were surprised when the blood left a stain on their skin. Arie griped about the blue tint ruining her career, but Ash loved the reminder of the death he had caused. After washing up, they continued on their way back to the eighth layer. The journey home was tiring. None of them had the energy to fight any creatures they came upon, but they somehow managed. What was worse, none of them knew the way out of the ninth layer to the tunnels under the city. Finlay had taken the lead, torturing creatures for information until they had found their way out. Even in his injured condition, he still fought each one persistently. It had taken all of twenty-four hours to get back home.
“If I ever see that unicorn again; I am going to kill him,” Finlay said as they stumbled into Arie’s house. The unicorn had taken them around in circles for almost two days, but no one could figure out why. 
“Maybe he enjoyed the company,” Annalise decided. Ash gave her a look of disbelief. He had known from the moment he laid eyes on the unicorn that there was something wrong with him. He shook his head in frustration. He had to agree with Finlay. Annalise had been so quiet on the walk home, Ash didn’t know what to think. There had been so many times when they had connected, and after they had worked together to kill Endarial the connection had only grown stronger. He had a better grip on her affinity and emotions now. He could tell she was changing too. She had started to show more emotions, both the good and the bad, and the annoyance of the flow of emotions had grown considerably less. She hadn’t mentioned her plans for the future, but Ash knew he couldn’t be without her. Her beauty was just an extension of who she was. Her kindness and caring kept him grounded, kept him from screwing everything up. If she hadn’t stopped him from yelling at Arie, he was certain they would all be dead. She made him a better warrior. This was how they were supposed to fight, with their partner at their side. They finally made it back to the eighth layer and decided Arie’s home was the safest place to be while they recuperated. 
Ash watched as Arie gave Finlay a hug. He was happy for them both.  Finlay had really shown how far he was willing to go to protect Arie and in Ash’s book, that made him an alright guy again. Arie examined the blue blood that had dried and stained the back of Finlay’s shirt and pants. His wound had started to heal, but still looked nasty. 
“I will get you something to clean your wounds.” she said. She stood up to walk to the kitchen. Finlay reached out to stop her.
“I am fine. I will heal quickly,” he tried to assure her. Arie only glared at him and stubbornly spun around on her heel to get the medicine anyway. Annalise excused herself to go freshen up in the bathroom, leaving both of the males sitting awkwardly in the living room. Ash looked at the ceiling and put his hands behind his head to stretch. He wanted them to go back to being friends again, before all the secrets and girls complicated things.
“So…” Ash told Finlay. He looked everywhere but at his friend’s face. “I guess I should apologize for being such a jerk lately. I understand how much you care about Arie now.” He gave his friend a smile, he usually hated these kinds of talks but lately it seemed like he was having them more often than not. The way Finlay was willing to give his life up for Arie; there was no way he could try and keep them apart.
Finlay nodded, “It’s my fault. I should have told you about me and Arie instead of sneaking around behind your back…..and I’m sorry for almost getting you killed.”
Ash sat up forward and put his elbows on his knees. “That was seriously messed up. You put both me and Arie in danger. Your Elders are all screwed up. Who gave them the right to say who lives or dies?”
Finlay didn’t say much, he just stared into empty space.
“I mean,” Ash went on, “You aren’t gods or anything. You’re just a race. A much more evolved and stronger race, but we mortals have our own say in life.”
Finlay ran his hands down his face and sighed like Ash was saying things that he already knew. “I agree, but what can I do? The Elders have had us guarding souls until they need them for almost two thousand years.”
Ash crinkled his brow, “What do they do with these souls?”
“I don’t know. I don’t even think Annalise knows. I know you don’t like the Elders, but they aren’t that much different from your Officials.”
“And if your Elders asked you to let Arie die?” 
Finlay’s jaw tightened, this was something that had bothered him. “I am certain-
Finlay was interrupted by a knock on the door. They both stood straight up and pulled their weapons from the table. Arie didn’t tell many people where she lived, and she certainly didn’t live in the type of neighborhood that got friendly visits. Ash and Finlay both walked over to the door. Finlay grabbed the handle to open it while Ash stood at the opening ready to fight. He hoped it wasn’t another fallen, they would be stupid to attack in such a public building. He remembered Endarial breaking down Jedzia’s door, which eased the dread in his stomach. Fallen do not knock.
Ash kept his eyes open as the door swung open. He blinked in disbelief as the figure before him walked in without an invitation. The figure wore a long black robe with a dark hood pulled down over the front. Ash lowered his sword and nodded at Finlay to do the same. He knew who the visitor was; it was a face he knew quite well. How could he have forgotten that they were looking for him?
“Official Sune,” Ash said with a nod. Sune reached up to lower his cloak and reveal his long black hair pulled tightly against his neck. The Officials always wore cloaks when they left the conservatory. It kept their identities hidden. Sune didn’t smile, his jaw was tight with concern.
“Ash. We have been looking for you. We were told that you were seen walking into your redhead’s home.” His voice was stern. Ash felt like a child being scolded. Behind Sune stood two other Officials hidden under matching cloaks and six keepers in uniform, who stood outside the home.
“Yes.  I heard there was a bounty out for me,” Ash lowered his head. As much as he wanted to tell the Official to go away, the man was and always had been the head of the keepers and therefore Ash felt nothing but diminutive around him.  He had caused disappointment and sadness to those he had grown up around. Though they didn’t act like a family, the keepers were the only family he had ever known. Ash had carelessly gone to Jedzia’s home and brought the fallen behind him. He knew this would be coming when they got back, he just didn’t think it would happen so soon.
Sune put a hand out to rest on Ash’s shoulder. “My Ash, it pains me to do this. We must take you home, so that you may answer for your crimes.”
Finlay leapt out from behind the door, his sword high in the air. “What crimes has Ash committed?” he asked Sune.
Sune stared at Finlay with distaste. After a moment, he started to speak.  “You are a seraph. We have been interested to learn that your kind has been living among us for thousands of years,” he stated. Finlay put the sword down and let a smile light up his face. The regular Finlay charm oozed out of him.
“Pleased to be at your service, Official Sune.”
Sune seemed to let his guard down for just a moment. He looked intrigued to see a seraph defending Ash. “Ash, you have been charged with treason and for leading the fallen enemies into our homes. You provided them with our keeper technology, stolen from our alchemist. A fallen was injured in the fight and after much interrogation he told us about the keeper who they had working for them. We tried to question our lead alchemist, but he too had disappeared.” 
Ash glanced at Finlay. They both knew it had been Jaron who had betrayed the keepers, not Ash. Ash tried to find the words to explain his innocence; or at least the energy to fight Sune if needed. He wasn’t sure what to say, though. Finlay decided to interject and speak up for his friend instead.
“Ash is innocent. In fact, we just came back from slaying the fallen that took Jedzia’s life. In that quest, we found out who gave out the keeper technology. It was Jaron, and I disposed of Jaron’s body myself.” Finlay reached over to hold Ash’s hands up, the blue blood still stained them. The stain proved he had slayed a fallen.
Sune looked back and forth between the two who stood before him. Ash kept his face up, looking his former superior in the eyes. After a few minutes, Sune started to speak. “I believe that the seraph is telling the truth. I have always defended you, but I am afraid this time I cannot protect you.”
Finlay held his sword up higher and pointed it at the other Officials who stood outside the door. “If you want Ash; then you will have to get through me,” he demanded. Sune put his hands up and took a step back. His face remained calm.
“One moment, seraph. I will speak with the others.” 
Another Official pulled his hood down. It was Julian.
“Put your sword down. You have no proof that Jaron was the traitor.  Jaron was one of our best keepers.” Ash watched as the Officials bickered back and forth on who was to blame. He had so much he wanted to say, but in this case, he decided that it was best to remain quiet. Eventually, Sune turned around to speak quietly to the others. He could hear them bickering softly, but couldn’t make out what they were saying.
He looked over at Finlay who seemed to be straining one ear to listen in. Ash opened up his mouth to ask Finlay what they were talking about, but one glare from Finlay changed Ash’s mind. He kept his mouth shut again. He hoped that Annalise didn’t walk in the room. He didn’t want her to see him getting escorted away. It pained him that they wouldn’t have a proper goodbye, but it was best she didn’t remember him as weak.
After a few minutes, Sune turned back around. Ash tried to read his face, but it was emotionless. 
“We believe you- well the majority of us do.”
Ash let out a sigh of relief, knowing that the battle was now half over.
“Thank you, Official Sune,” he said with a bow of his head. 
Sune put a hand on Ash’s shoulder, and lowered his head in regret. “Still, I am sorry to tell you Ash, the other Officials and I have decided that your sabbatical has ended.”
Ash let all his hopes dissolve. He should have known. A keeper for life, that was what he had always been taught.
 “We cannot offer you a place back among the keepers,” Sune told Ash. “We realize your loyalties lie somewhere else. So we want to offer you a truce. In exchange for the sparing of your life, you will give us another life when the time comes.”
Finlay smirked and crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Depends. What type of life truce are you offering Ash?”
Ash moved closer to stand next to Finlay and nodded for an answer. There was no way he would turn down whatever they were asking of him. If they wanted him to catch someone or bring in a traitor, he would do it. It would be like old times again. Just him and Arie. They had worked together many times in the past as keeper and hunter.
Sune didn’t seem to like the pressure of being put on the spot. Ash assumed it was because Sune had thought Ash wouldn’t ask questions and normally, yes, Ash would have taken the truce no questions asked.
“When the time comes, a favor will be called upon for you to bring us a life. A child with the keeper qualities to become one of us.”
Finlay laughed, dropping slightly to put his hands on his knees and catch his breath. He rose up slowly and smacked Ash on the back. “Oh friend, this one is all you.” He walked over to the chair and sat down, the smile never leaving his face.
Ash scrunched his face. “Like my child?” He had always wondered what families the keepers had come from. Is this how he came to be at the conservatory? Did Sune make a bargain with his own mother or father for their child? Did they put up a fight? The answer was pretty simple. Ash was never going to have any children, he didn’t like them. He wanted to be with Annalise, who wasn’t human and if he couldn’t have her he would die alone.
“What’s the catch?” he asked Sune.
“The keepers are essential to protecting the planet. We need to train more soldiers to replace the ones who grow old or die. If you make this life truce, you are bound to keep it; if and when we call upon the favor we will come to you and ask you to bring us a child of our choosing. This truce is not limited to your own kin, though your bloodline will be strong and proud.”
Ash snorted, he forgot to mention short-tempered, erratic, disobedient, and moody.
“Sure. Whatever,” he said with a shake of his head. 
What could this life truce hurt? He wasn’t having a family, and he didn’t have any brothers or sisters who would have children.   
“Excellent.” Sune held out his hand and Ash gripped it firmly. He had never made a truce before, but knew that they were to be taken very seriously. Sune pulled out his keeper blade and started to make a small cut on Ash’s forearm. Sune etched the outline of the keeper symbol on the skin. Ash winced as he felt the blood start to appear. Sune pulled a glass bottle from his cloak and caught a few drops of blood inside it. He watched as Sune did the same to his own arm. The alchemist magic that spelled the keeper blades would bind the truce, not allowing either one of them to break it.  Sune turned to Finlay and held his hand out again.
“You will be a witness to this life truce? You will bear this responsibility?” he asked Finlay.
Finlay gave the Official a dirty look, “How did I get dragged into this?”
Sune gave him a smirk. “We will ask the redhead in the other room, huh? We know she will do anything to save her friend’s life.”
Finlay jumped up and came forward to stand right in front of the Official, his face mere inches away. “You will do no such thing. I will witness this life truce,” Finlay whispered firmly. They joined forearms in agreement, the look of hate never leaving Finlay’s face. Finlay didn’t even move as Sune ran the blade against his arm, the blue blood pooled into the glass bottle. Sune looked pleased, as did the other Officials behind him. Ash was certain they had other motives to taking the seraph’s blood.
“As long as all three of us are alive, the truce cannot be broken. If something happens and Ash cannot fulfill his obligation, Finlay will be forced to bring the child instead.”
Finlay pulled his arm out of Sune’s grasp. “I know what a witness for a truce is,” he said sharply. Sune placed the bottle back into his cloak. As Ash watched the bottle disappear, he couldn’t help but feel like he had just done something terrible. He was now under the obligation of the keepers.
Arie walked into the room with her father. They were both smiling and catching up. Her eyes centered on the cloaked man in her home and Finlay hovering over him, angered. 
“Who are you?” she spat out. She dropped the salve in her hands. In the blink of an eye, she pulled a knife from her boot and raised it in the air.
Sune turned to face Arie. “You must be Arie. We have heard much about you.”
Arie’s father pushed her behind him and held out a laser gun. It was a good thing the man wasn’t drunk or else they would all be in danger. “Sune,” Sasha said with a nod.  He and Sune continued to stare at each other, each daring the other to look away.
“Sasha. Long time.” The Official’s voice did not waver, but Ash could tell how uneasy he felt.  There was something there. The two had met before and it wasn’t on good terms.
Sune was the first to break the gaze by turning back to Ash.
“When the time comes, we will call in our favor.”  The cloaked man turned and walked out the door. He pushed past the other Officials and keepers. Arie ran up to the door and closed it behind them. She locked it quickly.
“That is Sune? Seriously? No wonder you have so many messed up intimacy issues,” she told Ash. When she noticed the look of relief, confusion and disbelief on Ash’s face she looked at Finlay and then back to Ash again.
“What’s wrong?” she asked them both. Finlay shrugged and playfully grabbed Ash.
“Ash here,” he said and squeezed Ash’s shoulder firmly, “Just agreed to a sacrifice in order to keep living in the underground.” Finlay let out another smirk and grabbed Arie by the waist, swinging her around. Arie rolled her eyes. She thought they were joking.
“Jokesters…” She wriggled out of Finlay’s grip before Sasha killed him. “Come meet my dad, Fin.” She tugged at Finlay’s hand as she pulled him across the room and dragged both of them into the kitchen for an introduction. 
Ash didn’t follow them. He was still trying to process the situation. The keepers were going to let him go, just like that? Maybe it was luck of the draw, but the keepers hardly ever let a crime go unpunished. It was how they scared the people into living underground. Jedzia had always told him that the Officials treated him differently, but until now he hadn’t really noticed.
“Ash?” The small voice made Ash snap out of his thoughts and look up into the eyes of the small seraph standing across from him. She walked closer to him, and Ash smiled. She was the one that had made this all worth it. 
“Anna, are you feeling okay?”
She nodded. Ash felt a wall slam in front of her emotions, it was sudden but it wasn’t quick enough to hide everything. Ash pursed his lips as he processed the feelings he just got from her.
“You’re going back. Aren’t you?” he asked her.
Annalise nodded.
“You’re not coming back here, are you?”
She shook her head. She kept her head down and kept the wall up. Ash felt like he had been run over by a ship. Everything inside of him wanted to throw something, hit someone or yell. He didn’t want to scare her, so he tried to clear his mind. He struggled to control his breathing, but the tightness in his chest made it too hard to bear. 
“You don’t want to go. You are good for me, Anna- and I’m good for you.”
He refused to beg, there was no way he was going to beg her to stay. He tried to catch her eye, but her eyes darted everywhere but on him.
Annalise let a few small teardrops slide down her cheek. “I know you say I make you a better man, but all I have brought you is death and destruction. You are better off with someone else.”
Ash’s body tensed up. Is that how she really felt? That all she did was hurt him? She had saved him. She had made him so much better than he was. She was the calm in his life.
“I know how you feel Anna. I lost someone too, but we need to stick together. This bond between us, it’s meant for us to be together.”
Annalise only shook her head as small tears began to stream down her face. Ash hated seeing her so upset.  He reached out to wipe them away. 
“It’s not the same. Leon and I were together for so much longer. I made him a promise, a promise that I would return home. I need to go back and face the Elders for my crime.”
“This isn’t just about Leon is it?” he continued, “You’re scared of what you feel.”
“This is your home, Ash. Back there, is mine. I do not know what to believe anymore, there is just so much I wish I could take back. I would do anything to keep from losing Leon.”
No matter how hard she tried, Ash could feel her wall crumbling. She felt tremendous blame for Leon’s death. She had been the one to ask him to fight the fallen. Now he was dead and she wouldn’t let herself be happy.
There was nothing left to say. She had already made up her mind and Ash was helpless to change it. Her words cut into his heart like a knife. But he also knew how loyal she felt to her kind, and he knew that nothing he said would stop her from going home. They had both known from the start how things would turn out; this was not an unexpected surprise.
“If this is what you want, I understand. I hope you will find me someday; when you’ve gotten everything figured out,” he told her. He pulled her close and ran his hands through her tangled blonde hair. He bent down and kissed the top of her head, he didn’t dare kiss her anywhere else. He was afraid he wouldn’t be able to let her go. As she pulled out of his grasp, he couldn’t help but wonder what might have been if they had both come from the same world. If they had both had the same duties, maybe they wouldn’t be saying goodbye right now. He wondered for a brief second if maybe it was the bond that made him feel so strongly for her. It connected them in so many intimate ways already. Ash gave her a small smile full of regret as the others entered the room.
“Ready to face them?” Finlay asked her, holding his hand out to Annalise. Finlay looked at Ash with a straight face. He had known all along what Annalise’s choice was going to be. Ash cleared his mind and pushed all of his emotions into the corner.  He wasn’t happy with her leaving; but that didn’t mean she had to feel his pain too. She would come back though. He knew it, and when she did, he hoped that it wouldn’t be too late for them.
“I’ll be back, my beloved,” Finlay told Arie with a wink. His hazel eyes sparkled with amusement as Ash’s face turned down into a scowl. With that final word, the two seraphs disappeared into thin air. All that remained were two humans whose worlds would never be the same. A former keeper, whose taste for danger finally caught up with him, and a young hunter who had finally met someone to love and take care of her.

Epilogue



Annalise

When she opened her eyes to see home again, Annalise was relieved to say the least. She let go of Finlay and dropped to the ground to feel the soft grass beneath her fingers. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and tried not to cry. She had missed the sky, the grass, nature surrounding her. There was no way she could trade it for the world of the underground. This had been, and always would be, her home, but it hurt to know that neither Leon nor Ash would be there with her. Even though he asked her to come back, she was still unsure if she could ever do so. But she had made a promise to Leon, and Ash struggled to understand that. He couldn’t understand how strong a seraph’s loyalty really was.  There was no way she could promise him she would be back, not like Finlay promised Arie he would be. She wasn’t even sure if the Elders would let her live, or make her become fallen. Neither sounded like a positive choice at the moment. She just wanted to go to sleep, and never wake up, because she feared that what he said about her being afraid of these feelings for him was true. Annalise was convinced, however, that what Leon said was right. If Ash had wanted her to stay, he would have asked her.
“Anna, get up,” Finlay encouraged her as he bent down in front of her, sadness on his face, “ I know this is horrible. Awfully so. But you need to get up and come with me. We have to go see the Elders.”
“I know,” she agreed, “I just need a minute.”
He stood up and waited in silence until she had pulled herself together and stood up with him to make the journey to the Elders.
“What will you say to them?” she asked as they neared the large castle made of rock and crystal in front of them.
“I don’t know yet. They’ve just about had it with my antics so I’m sure this won’t help, but you’ve never done anything wrong. They will take pity on you.”
She grabbed his arm and made him stop and turn to her, “I could not stand it if they took you from me as well.”
Giving her one of his charming Finlay smiles, he shook his head, “Don’t worry about that, my dear, I’m invincible.”
“You are not.”
“Still can’t take a joke Anna? You need to lighten up,” he laughed and ushered her up to the large entryway. Finlay nodded at the guards as they walked inside, but did not let go of her arm. She let herself take in the tall ceilings, miles above them, painted with depictions of seraphs fighting the fallen and winning. The mortal feelings in her made her want to laugh at that, thinking that the fallen would win in the end. They had shown her how strong they were, how advanced in technology. The seraphs had no chance against them once they figured out how to make more of them.
“I am sorry. I am just nervous.”
“Don’t let them see that,” Finlay whispered as he pushed the doors in front of him open, flashing a winning smile to the two beings whispering in front of them. “Demetria! Roman! How are things in the seraph lands?”
The two Elders turned to him, eyes opening in shock as they set their eyes on him.
The taller one, redheaded and the leader of the Elders, young and beautiful, opened her mouth first, “Finlay, what has happened to you?”
“Annalise and I have been in a great battle with the evil Loki himself. We have killed at least a dozen of the fallen. You should be quite proud of our little lady here, she has proven herself to be quite the warrior,” Finlay boasted. He was careful not to use any mortal slang and stick to the formality of the way that the Elders approved of.
“I see,” Demetria said, bright green eyes shining down at her in curiosity.
“And Leon?” Roman, her counterpart, questioned. He stepped forward, his blond hair pulling into a tight braid down his back and blue eyes looking at her for an answer.
She tried to hold her gaze on his face and be sure in her answer, “He has been destroyed by Loki. His wings were removed and his throat slit.” Even though tears stung at the back of her eyes, she knew she must remain calm with them so they did not think her insane. Seraphs did not cry.
“I see.”
“I think that you should take in consideration the condition of Annalise at this time,” Finlay said as he began to pace back and forth as he spoke, “This mortal has bound her to him somehow, like in the olden days. You need to know that she has not been completely in control of her emotions and such.”
He was completely right, and she knew that, but she didn’t want to admit it out loud. Hearing him say it made it real and she hated to think of the influence Ash had on her. He had been full of revenge and boastfulness, something she had never understood until she was around him. Yet, something made her sad inside at the thought of him and made her question the things her friend was saying.
“I see,” Demetria said again as she crossed her arms and considered her in scrutiny. There was something that changed in her when Finlay mentioned the bond, made her appear to be more interested in what happened. Annalise took this opportunity to speak up. 
“Madam,” Annalise said after a few quiet moments, falling to her knees in honor, “Please forgive me for the loss of such a warrior. I tried to save him, but Loki had the battle advantage over me and there was nothing I could do. I would bring him back if there were only a way.”
“There is not,” Roman answered quickly, “He has served us well and will be well awarded in the afterlife.”
“But you Anna, you need to be watched out for, yes?” Demetria suggested, walking forward and taking her chin in her hand as Ash had done before.
Annalise froze, not wanting to move for fear of being stuck down by the Elder.
“You have a bond with this human. This is not appropriate…I suppose you would not want another counterpart.” 
“No, I do not,” Annalise said quietly, sadness filling her at the thought of someone else taking Leon’s place. No one else could ever do that, be what he was to her. No matter how hard the Elders tried to make someone for her. He was her matching pair, the one who understood her, and no one else would be.
The Elder squeezed her chin harder and forced her to her feet, “Understand, Annalise, that I do not care what you want. You have ignored our efforts to bargain with you. You have not killed the mortal. This bond you have with him is dangerous and detrimental to our kind and I will not allow it to continue. You will have another counterpart.”
She glanced over to Finlay, to see his head hung low, saddened at the thought that this friend could be replaced so easily to them, that they did not care enough to let her be on her own. He had been allowed that choice, but not her. She was too much of a liability at this moment in time.
“And you,” Demetria said and walked over to where he stood to take him by the cheeks and squeezing him hard, “You will continue to do as you are instructed, do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“You need to stop all of this so called ‘partying’ in the mortal world and concentrate on your duty as a seraph. This is your last chance, Finlay. You are a true warrior, competent in battle and one to keep the fallen under your thumb. Do not disappoint us again.”
“I will not, you have my promise,” Finlay stated and bent over to take her hand and plant a kiss on it, charming hazel eyes focused on hers. 
Annalise was the only one to see him cross his fingers behind his back.


(-Please support Indie writers. If you liked the book, then please leave us a review!)


Look for Realm of Deceit (Book Two of the Ethereal Underground Trilogy, May 2014)


Acknowledgements
We would like to thank our wonderful friends and family who have supported us in our efforts to get our book published! For sharing our endless posts on Facebook and Twitter and telling those you know about the novel. To our families for putting up with us ignoring them for countless hours at a time.
To our awesome design/artist team, Eric Coppinger, Chad Kennedy, and Jayme Baldwin, who without we would have horrible artwork/website to show you and an awfully boring cover. Our wonderful photographer, George Furman, who captured our characters essence on camera.
To those who modeled for us to represent our dear Annalise (Jennifer Dyer) and Ash (Jordan Rattanavong), and those who have volunteered to be beta readers. Those who have spent countless hours helping us rewrite and edit out story, reading it and making it what it is now. 
To our awesome editing team, Alyson Hale and Kirk Wright.
And Ben and Jerry, without which, we may never have started writing together.


Brooke and Briana
Brooke Kennedy and Briana Gaitan are southern natives, self-proclaimed geeks, and have been writing together for over 10 years! They have written short stories, fan-fictions, novels, and plays both together and separately. They are avid fans and writers of supernatural, sci-fi, fantasy, and romance novels.  One of their goals is to write stories where there are no limits to the imagination, giving you something new and fresh each time.
Briana enjoys books, shopping, fashion, adventures and has spent countless hours dreaming of a life in space. She finds time to write in between hanging out with her three children and her husband, as well as finishing up a degree in marketing.
Brooke enjoys music, books, family & friends, and spending time with her husband and incredibly entertaining guinea pig.  She has obtained a bachelor’s degree in psychology and a master’s in mental health counseling from Tennessee Technological University. 
Delve more into their adventures on Twitter (EtherealUBook), Facebook (Ethereal Underground), and www.etherealunderground.com.

