Spear Mother:

A Tale of the Fourth World

by
Brandon M. Lindsay


Copyright © 2014 Brandon M. Lindsay
All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Discover other titles by Brandon M. Lindsay:

Dark Tree: A Tale of the Fourth World
The Clans: Tales of the Fourth World


Table of Contents

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
About the Author

Some believe that perhaps we are not all there is to Berahmain’s great Plan. Obviously, there are all manner of objects that populate the Fourth World which have no apparent relation to the War beyond Time: plants, stones, water, beasts and birds, and so on. Yet they are still here. And so are the Aberrations.

Why? we may ask. The Church is, generally, silent, though of course there are factions within it over the issue. Some believe the Aberrations are a test to overcome, and that test is their destruction. Others believe that they are agents of the Enemy.

I, however, am not in any way affiliated with the Church, and thus I have no one I need to impress with my tractability. What if the Aberrations are simply here? What if they were here first? Maybe, just maybe, certain elements of reality are protected from a twisted and perverse God who thrives on the bloodshed of his own creations? Some may call such an idea absurd, but that is only because their tiny minds cannot grasp the existence of a thing absent contrivance.

One wonders if they even blame the God for the unworthy content of their own stymied ideas.

- Gohngran (authenticity of the sample is, however, suspect)


1

The shelter Korilia led them to barely warranted the title. It was little more than a gouge in the hillside lined with tightly-fitted rocks to keep the soil from spilling in. A sloping curtain of vines woven together provided both a makeshift roof and door, though Sandrena imagined it served poorly for both roles. She had to admit, though, that the mat of vines did blend in with plains of chest-high grass that stretched on interminably in every direction here and everywhere else in Canterell lands, and thus made the shelter at least suitable as a hiding place.
Thumbs hooked under the straps of her pack, Sandrena stared at the shelter in disappointment. She had hoped that shelter meant a roof and cots and maybe a cup of wine. After three weeks travelling through Canterell, she knew that was far too much to ask.
She sighed and shifted Motherspear under her pack so that it didn't rub against her shoulder blade. Hopefully the woven vines would keep some of this damned rain off their heads. It seemed that ever since they set foot in Canterell lands and met Korilia, the sixth and final member of their odd group, it had never stopped raining.
Sandrena had never seen rain before. Both of her lives up until now had been spent solely within Mist Clan lands. There were no clouds, and thus, no rain; all of the moisture was trapped within the mists that coated her clan's lands, thus providing nourishment to the unique flora and fauna that lived there. When she was younger she had heard of clouds that floated above the mountaintops rather than below, and the rain that fell from them. The idea had filled her with wonder then, but now, having lived through it day after soaking wet day, she had grown beyond numb at the idea. She wished that she would never feel another drop of rain fall on her head.
Squinting up at the dark and angry sky, she knew that was a wish that would not be granted.
At least we'll be out of the wind, she thought as the drops continued to pelt her face. As another gust blasted her, she followed the other five women into the gouge.
* * *
The shelter was worse than it looked. The raindrops may have lessened in frequency, but the drops that did get through seemed twice the size. The wind, unable to harry the six of them further, howled all the louder as if in frustration, though Sandrena knew it was just how it blew across the lip of the gouge that made it seem that way. It was barely an improvement, but Sandrena was learning to get by with much less these days.
Only Korilia, who had grown up in Canterell, seemed unaffected by their conditions. She sat on a moss-covered rock, water beaded up on her fat-treated hides, whittling a stick she had found a few days back with her iron knife, focusing on the task as if it was the only one that had ever been set before her. It was a stick of brush wood; not real wood, as she had said. Sandrena assumed she meant tree wood. Trees were damn near sacred in these heathen lands.
Dormaun, the Wyrricswoman in their band, had built a small fire with the horse chips she had found earlier today. It wasn't entirely pleasant-smelling, especially since it was difficult to keep them dry.
Still, it was better than nothing.
As was the case most nights since they had met, none of them spoke much, though the silence wasn't as strained as it had been at first. While it wasn't exactly companionable, it wasn't openly hostile, either. None of the other women seemed as tense now, and Sandrena noticed that Korilia was sleeping with her knife sheathed rather than in her hand.
Sandrena glanced around at each of their faces, briefly meeting their eyes one by one. What a strange group they were. She still couldn't fathom this situation. Each of the six clans was represented here. As far as Sandrena knew, such a group had never existed in all of history. Half their respective clans had only ever seen the other half as enemies to be slaughtered. That they should be bound together in this task was incredible. That they should share the same roof without killing each other was amazing enough.
The dreams, though, were clear about what would happen should they fail in their task.
Sandrena shuddered at the thought. Lady, but how she wished she were home! Not only did she miss her parents, but being so far from the mists that gave her people their strength made her feel vulnerable. If she ran into trouble, she couldn't call upon the powers that made her clan nearly invincible. She would be weak.
Well, she thought, brushing a finger against the bone-white shaft of Motherspear, lying across her folded legs, not as weak as I could be, I suppose.
She had never seen such a weapon before. The shaft, made of sturdy but light bamboo, was as white as bleached bone. The perfectly smooth head of Motherspear tapered from round base to its deadly point. It, too, was white, as white as any snowcapped peak in Tokkarint, and Sandrena had no idea what kind of material it was made from, though it certainly wasn't metal or wood, and it seemed doubtful that it was made of stone. It was too light. When she ran her fingers across, Sandrena often thought of it as bone, or a tooth, but even that didn't quite explain the sensation of its texture.
Even though it didn't look like much, it emanated power. Just touching it made the hair on the back of Sandrena's hand stand on end. Though she sometimes found herself wondering what it could do, she almost feared to witness such a thing.
She had no doubt that this strange weapon was connected to what was happening to the rest of them. From the moment Sandrena woke from the first of those dreams, the day when she had found what would become Motherspear, she noticed the change. Her skin had begun to lighten. By the fourth day, her family had noticed the washed-out color. Even her hair had been affected, and then, increasingly, the clothes that she wore. It wasn't a week later that Sandrena had been completely drained of color, looking like a living, breathing statue of calcite. Her mother had confined her to her rooms to quash the rumors that were beginning to spread of a pale ghost haunting the household.
And it wasn't a day after that when Sandrena snuck out of her window, a pack over her shoulder and Motherspear in her hand, in obedience to her dreams. She tried not to let the sorrow of remembering that terrible moment, when even her mother had looked at her with fear and uncertainty, overcome her.
Thus she began her travels, finding the other five women where the dreams said she would. They, too, had begun to have the color bleached from them. Now, each of them looked as if they had been painted from head to toe with whitewash. Even the irises and pupils of their eyes, even the buckles of their belts and other bits of metal, were purely white. Perhaps that was another reason why talk was so infrequent between them. They would be forced to see in each other what had become of themselves.
Sandrena never could stand the absence of human voices for very long. Often, when she was alone in her rooms back home, she would sing softly to herself. Her mother always told her she had a lovely voice, which Sandrena always suspected was just one of those motherly things to say, though many others had always complimented her on her ability to carry a tune. She loved music and always had, but that wasn't the main reason she sang. She did it more just to hear a voice, even if was just her own. That way, even if she was alone, she didn't feel lonely.
Now, even though five other women crowded the shelter with her, the silence between them was smothering. It reminded her that even though they were united in this task, they were still strangers. It made her miss her family.
So Sandrena began to hum.
It was a jolly little tune, bouncing and skipping, playful and happy, a perfect counterpart to the dreariness of their situation. Sandrena didn't know where she had first heard the song—she knew she hadn't written it herself, but no one else seemed to know what it was. It wasn't like other songs she had heard, and she had heard many. For as long as she could remember, that mysterious little song had been with her.
A couple of the other women looked up at her briefly when she began humming. By now, they were used to this odd habit of hers. Sometimes, some of them even seemed to relax when Sandrena would hum or sing, as if they, too, needed the sound of a human voice to comfort them while they were away from home.
The song served another purpose, Sandrena knew, and not just for herself. It distracted from the thought of why they had been bound together on this quest in the first place. The Lady, one of the Fourth World's two stewards, had come to each of them in dreams and told them what they were here to do.
They would kill a god.
And most of them would likely die in the process.
The details beyond those were shrouded in mystery. The Lady had said only so much in those dreams. Unconsciously, Sandrena glanced down at Motherspear lying in her lap. The song faltered briefly, but she tore her gaze away and the song continued on, almost as if she hadn't stumbled at all.
A bird called shrilly over the sound of the rain and her gentle humming. Sandrena cut off her song and cocked her head, puzzled. What kind of bird would be out in this weather?
Korilia stood, brow furrowed, and stalked to the opening, knife still in hand. When she threw open the curtain of vines, a man's voice muttered some words in a shocked tone, though Sandrena couldn't understand what he said. Korilia stood holding aside the vines, letting the rain pummel her already soaked hair, seeming to study the man who had called.
"Come in out of the rain, you fool," she said before turning to head back to her seat. Her jaw was set in anger as she began to whittle again, but Sandrena didn't know why. Perhaps that was just Korilia; she seemed to be in a perpetual state of unfettered rage. Sometimes it was exhausting just looking at her.
A young man covered in hides like Korilia's—though his still held their color—pushed the vines aside to peer into their shelter, his eyes wide. If his garb wasn't enough indication that he was a Canterellsman, then his light complexion—light compared to anyone but the six of them, that is—and the slave markings scarring his face were. Besides, very few outsiders ever decided they had business in Canterell worth pursuing.
Aside from us, apparently, Sandrena thought with a hint of self-deprecation.
The man got over his shock at their appearance quickly and stepped into the relative comfort of the shelter. He bowed his head to each of the six women and, with ritualistic care, set down a bundle wrapped in the same greased hide that he and Korilia wore, tied with twine.
"For you, Daughters of the Lady," he said, keeping his eyes lowered. Deference seemed natural for him. Sandrena shook her head; she still couldn't get over the fact that Canterellsmen believed that people could be property.
He continued speaking. "I was told in a dream that you would be here, needing food." He hazarded another glance, this time at Dormaun, before fixing his gaze hurriedly back on the ground. Sandrena could understand; Dormaun, by any clan's standard, was beautiful, and the fact that she looked sculpted of alabaster only enhanced her striking looks.
Except for Korilia, who seemed more interested in her whittling than ever, all of the women eyed the bundle hungrily. It had been days since they had had a proper cooked meal. Only Korilia seemed suitable to hunting in the plains, and there was little enough hunting to be had. The few Canterell camps they had come across had either met them with fear or hostility. It was now their policy to stay away from people as much as they could, but it was a policy that was difficult on their stomachs.
Despite that, no one moved to open the bundle. Doing so would reaffirm the power of the dreams that compelled them all as it was a dream that brought the food before them.
Setting aside Motherspear, Sandrena bent down to open the bundle. It was filled with cabbages, tubers, and sun-dried meat. Briefly, she wondered how old the meat was, as she hadn't seen the sun since she set foot in this clan's lands, but quickly decided she didn't care. It was food.
For some strange reason, she found herself moved nearly to tears for the gift the young man gave them, even if it wasn't his own idea. She stood, staring at bowed head, and decided she had to do something to repay him. With a finger she gently lifted his chin up so that she could meet his eyes.
"Blessings of the Lady upon you," she said. Sandrena wasn't exactly sure if it was appropriate to confer such a blessing, but she was at a loss as to what else to say.
The man had a kind answering smile. "Thank you, Spear Mother."
"A slave has no possessions," came Korilia's voice. Dropping her hand at her side, Sandrena turned to face her. She had stopped her whittling and was now facing the slave, elbows propped on her knees. She gestured at the bundle with her knife. "Where did you get this?"
The slave bowed his head in her direction, but not before a spark of defiance flashed in his eyes. "They are a gift from my master's stores, Daughter of the Lady."
"So you stole it?"
"No," replied the slave. "For stealing assumes unlawful ownership. And as you said, a slave owns nothing. Therefore he cannot steal. Only move things around."
Under better circumstances, Sandrena would have laughed at the slave's cleverness. Now, all she could manage was a smile. It was a genuine smile; she liked his spirit. He showed that a man's body could be enslaved, but his soul was something he could keep as long as he wanted.
Her smile faltered. Was the same true for her? Could she really turn her back on the dreams that the Lady had been sending her? Or was she a slave to them?
Korilia stood, gripping the white knife tightly. Her eyes narrowed. "How quickly did you yield to her promises, slave? How quickly did you turn your back on the Iron Gods?"
The slave straightened then, all playfulness gone from his expression. He met Korilia glare for glare. "You're right," he said. "A man like me has much to thank the Iron Gods for." With that, the slave nodded once at Sandrena and stepped back out into the rain, striding forth with all the dignity of a Kahn.
Korilia tossed her stick into the flames, sending up a shower of sparks, and sheathed her knife. "Every life he lives will be as a slave," she muttered.
When the food was passed among them, Korilia refused.


2

That night, Sandrena didn't dream. Aside from the ones compelling her on this quest, she had never had true dreams, dreams as others described them, while she slept. No, all she had were memories.
They were memories of a life she never lived.
Her legs dangled, kicking back and forth, as she sat tensely in the rocking chair, her small hands smoothing her blue wool skirt over her knees. The details of the room were visceral and real, almost as real as if she were experiencing them at the moment: the creaking of the chair, the fibers in the rug that covered the room's wooden floor, the sunlight streaming through the glass window, broken by the swaying motion of the trees surrounding her house... it was real in a way that memories were, and that, as she understood them, dreams were not.
Though despite that, Sandrena didn't know how these memories fit into the two lives she had lived as a woman of the Mist Clan, the only lives she had ever known outside these memories. Nothing about the memories was congruent with the events she had lived in her waking lives. Even as the memory was playing in her mind, Sandrena was aware of this. Whenever these memories came to her in her sleep, she felt like an observer, yet was affected by them as if they were happening to her. Sometimes, she couldn't even tell if her thoughts and feelings were from now, or from then. It left her feeling confused and helpless.
Almost as helpless as she felt right then. Her mother screamed in the room next door. Sandrena wringed her hands; was something bad happening to her mom? The healer had said she would be okay, but Sandrena never liked the healer; she was old and crotchety, always clucking disapprovingly whenever Sandrena came to her with skinned knees. She stared down at her knees—which were light brown, not unlike the skin of a Shannodsman—and could almost feel the stinging ointment the healer had put on them last week. If what mom was going through was as bad as that, she wanted to run in the other room and give her whatever comfort she could.
But she couldn't get up out of the chair. That's what dad said: no matter what, stay put in that chair. So Sandrena just rocked and fidgeted and worried all the more while her mother screamed.
Finally, the screaming stopped, and another sound took its place, one that was different from every other kind of sound Sandrena had ever heard.
A baby crying.
Grinning like a fool, unable to contain herself any longer, Sandrena leapt off the rocking chair and sprinted for the room, nearly tripping on the rug as she did. The healer was in there, along with dad, and mom on the bed.
And someone else, cradled in mom's arms.
Sandrena crept closer, expecting a disapproving glare from her father, but his eyes were filled with something else as he stared down at the little bundle in mom's arms. Without breaking his gaze, he pulled Sandrena into a close embrace.
Tears streamed down mom's beautiful face. "Look, Sandra," she said. "Look at your baby sister."
Sandrena bent closer to look. And there she was: a sister. The image of the baby suddenly blurred and Sandrena's chest hurt. She wiped her eyes, still smiling, and gently took hold of the tiny hand, which gripped her finger surprisingly tightly. The baby cried, swinging her tiny fist around, shifting her head in the nook of mom's elbow, though her legs didn't seem to move.
* * *
Sandrena opened her eyes to the sound of Canterell's grasses shifting in the breeze.
She lay there, not wanting to let go of the memory and return to the real world. That memory was the more beautiful of the two that came to her. It was rare that she got to experience it rather than the other, and she wanted to savor it as long as she could.
She didn't even mind that the memory revolved around an impossibility: human beings giving live birth. When she considered the idea, it seemed absurd. Of course everyone came into the Fourth World by rising from the Ruins. That was as uncontroversial as the sun rising in the east.
But for some reason, when that memory played through her mind, the sight of a baby being born into the world filled her with an overwhelming peace. She didn't understand it. Intellectually, she knew it should disgust her—live birth was for animals, after all, not people. But it didn't. Instead, the experience was somehow profound.
Only when the first rays of dawn peaked through the ivy curtain did Sandrena realize that the rains were gone. The other women began to stir. Sandrena wiped her cheeks and, silently, like the others, began to prepare for their departure.
* * *
The frustration Sandrena felt about their situation soon forced her to push the memory into the back of her mind. In less than an hour's walk from their shelter, she had already forgotten what her baby sister's face had looked like.
Four more days passed with nothing to mark them save the nights. The endless plains were mind-numbing. Occasionally a small tree, twisted and stunted, peeked up over the top of the grass. Sandrena found herself staring at the little trees whenever she passed one, as if the sight of it were a lifeline to sanity. All of Canterell had been like this, without exception. Just grass, grass, and more grass. It was no wonder that the people of this clan were as strange as they were. They'd all gone mad living here.
They finally came to a roundhouse, made of stone and sod, settled down in a shallow basin a short distance off. Sandrena had learned that an entire tribe typically lived within a roundhouse. She hadn't believed that when she first heard it; her own mountain home in the Mist Clan was larger, and it only housed her family and a handful of servants. And her family was by no means extravagant. Why people would choose to live this way, she would never know.
"I don't understand it either, Spear Mother," said Dormaun, stepping up next to Sandrena, nearly giving her a fright. Sandrena studied the Wyrricswoman, whose beauty only seemed to grow now that she was somewhat dry. The sun broke through the dark clouds at that moment, as if only to shine on Dormaun's long, wavy white hair, falling over her shoulders. Sandrena imagined herself looking rather shabby at the moment, but found herself not caring. She was glad to have Dormaun by her side, speaking with her. The silence was almost as bad as these endless plains.
"While they lack for resources," Dormaun continued, "they could live better than this if they wanted. The Shannodsmen live in a desert where the sandstorms burn away everything not hidden under a rock, yet they manage to live in palaces." She gestured to the roundhouse, which looked very un-palace-like. "These Canterellsmen, they choose this life."
"Maybe their Iron Gods command it," Sandrena said. There was little else for her to say; Dormaun was right.
Korilia walked over to them then, and Sandrena found her face burn from embarrassment. She was almost glad that Korilia wouldn't be able to see her cheeks flush. Sandrena was suddenly all too conscious of the hides Korilia wore and the bone-hilted knife sheathed at hip. Why did she dress that way?
"Spear Mother," she said as she approached, nodding to Sandrena. A quick glance at Dormaun was all the acknowledgement she would get. Korilia turned her attention back to Sandrena. "Let me scout ahead to see which tribe this is. I think it's the one that the slave came from, but I'm not sure." The provisions the slave had left them the other night were already running low. Sometimes they had to abandon their policy of avoidance; it was either that or starve.
Sandrena frowned. "I thought you were from this area." The roundhouse looked ancient; it must have stood here for decades, if not centuries.
"I am, but the roundhouse does not always house the same tribe. Tribes come and tribes go." She shrugged. "I haven't been here since before I died last, nearly two hundred years ago."
"Do you think they'll trade with us?" Dormaun asked.
Korilia stared at the Wyrricswoman then. "If they are a weak tribe and they fear us, they may trade with us. If they are a strong tribe, they will try to kill us and take what little we have." Her tone betrayed what she thought of people who traded, which was something Wyrricsmen did freely.
Dormaun turned to Sandrena. "Spear Mother, what of Semorie? She could scout the roundhouse without being detected."
It was a good point. Semorie was from Faceless Clan, which meant she could easily infiltrate the tribe, even if no one there knew her and they were likely a closely-knit community. That ability came from her clan's power to trick a person's mind into thinking it could determine what she looked like, when in fact their mind was really just filled with vague generalities. They would look at her and would recognize she had some sort of hair, some color of eyes, and some other set of facial characteristics, and would simply leave it at that. Only when pressed would the mind determine that it was being tricked.
This power was what made the Faceless Clan such a strong adversary. If an army marched upon Faceless lands looking for war, that army would find itself torn apart from within. Not even the highest echelon of officers was safe from Faceless infiltration. It was because of this that few of the other clans bothered to declare war on them.
Most deadly of all the Faceless Clan were the boshail assassins. Though all Faceless had the innate ability to blend into any community, boshail were trained in the art of stealth and killing. Sandrena had heard that the only telltale of a boshail was a left arm severed just below the elbow, thus removing the only other thing that could betray them as Faceless—their clan mark. Yet despite such an obvious telltale, they still managed to be masters of infiltration. Sandrena couldn't fathom it. The Faceless Clan would always be a mystery.
Sandrena unconsciously rubbed her own Mist clan mark, obscured beneath the left sleeve of her dress. It was the only part of her body that had not turned white. That was how clan marks were; there was no way to alter them. Not even the best tattooist could—the mark would somehow bleed the ink out of the surrounding skin, thus making itself obvious again. Other than clothing, the only other known way to hide your clan mark was to cut it off.
Just thinking about it was enough to send a shiver down Sandrena's spine.
She didn't understand how the major disadvantage of losing an arm could be offset by the meager advantage of not having a clan mark. But then, if she knew everything there was to know about boshail, they wouldn't be very good at their job, now would they? Besides, they could trick people into believing they were someone, yet no one in particular; what difficulty could it be to hide a missing arm?
Sandrena glanced over at Semorie then, who was even more taciturn and stand-offish than the rest of them. The Faceless woman wore a loose-fitting, homespun wool robe that barely covered her knees, cinched with featureless leather belt. A strange, close-fitting head covering revealed only her eyes. She seemed to have little or no hair beneath it, but no one knew for sure; she refused to take the covering off in front of them, and always bathed in private. Tall and lanky, she looked like an albino mantis, crouched as she was with her elbows resting on her knees and her eyes peering out over the waving tips of the grasses.
Only when Semorie turned to face her did Sandrena realize she had been staring at the woman's left arm. Semorie said nothing, yet did not turn away.
The fingers on her left hand, the tips of which dangled out of the edge of the loose sleeve, did not move.
Sandrena quickly glanced away. I'm just being paranoid, she thought. She is no boshail.
Yet when had she seen Semorie actually do anything with her hands? Sandrena couldn't think of a time when she had. Could the left one somehow be a fake?
Semorie stood then and slowly walked over. As if sensing Sandrena's discomfort, and seeking to aggravate it. "Yes?" she asked. Her deep voice always surprised Sandrena, so rarely was it used.
Luckily for Sandrena, Dormaun spoke. "Can you go into that roundhouse and see if they have any supplies that we need?"
Semorie stared at her. The only motion she made was the narrowing of her eyes. "I'm no thief, if that's what you're asking."
"No," said Sandrena, stepping in. "We're not asking you to steal anything. Just scout for us."
Another moment passed, and some of the firmness drained from Semorie's stance. "I... I can't. I'm no use to you in there."
Dormaun frowned. "Why not?"
"What color are my eyes?" Semorie asked.
"White."
"And my skin? My clothes?"
"White. Everything about you is white." Dormaun gestured to encompass their little company. "Just like the rest of us."
Semorie nodded. "Exactly. You know what I look like. So would they. They would know I'm different and probably cut me open to see just how different." And with that, she turned and walked away to crouch by herself in the grass again. As she did, though, she raised her left hand and waggled her fingers. Again, Sandrena was glad no one could see her skin flush.
But she was right. Semorie now had features that were definite. The power of her clan seemed to have been lost with the task put upon them by the Lady. Sandrena couldn't imagine how crushing such a loss of identity would be—that is, if a member of the Faceless Clan could even have a sense of identity.
"Spear Mother," said Korilia in a low voice, leaning forward, "let me do this. I may not know this tribe, but I know Canterellsmen. I'll find out if they will help us."
"And if they don't want to?"
In answer, Korilia grinned darkly and started trotting down the basin, crouching low even though a blind man could see her from a mile away, white as she was. Still, no one was outside the roundhouse that Sandrena could see, which she thought odd at this time of day. In a matter of a few short minutes, Korilia was little more than a snowflake in a sea of green.
Sandrena decided to follow Semorie's example and sat in the damp grass, legs folded with Motherspear lying across her thighs. Briefly she worried that her dress might become stained, but then chuckled softly to herself. She had nothing to worry about. Any grass stain on her dress would likely turn white by nightfall.
A faint fog began to creep around them as they waited. Seeing it made Sandrena think of home with a pang of longing in her heart. Not because the mist reminded her of her home and family, though she did miss those things. No, it was because it reminded her again just how powerless she was here, in these foreign lands. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Dormaun eyeing her expectantly, as if waiting for Sandrena to reach out and touch the mist.
Sandrena did not rise to the bait. She had more dignity than that.
Though the temptation was strong. After all, what would it hurt? What if she could use this mist, even though it was in another clan's lands? The worst that could happen if she did was she would be disappointed and perhaps lose a little face, but what did she care what Dormaun thought?
Sandrena was Spear Mother.
She rose, closed her eyes, held her breath, and stepped forward into the dampness of the mists.
And released herself into them.
Nothing happened.
She opened her eyes and exhaled deeply. So much for that plan. She looked down at Motherspear in her hands. It seemed like that would be her only weapon going forward. She had better get used to the idea.
Dormaun turned back toward the roundhouse. "Korilia's coming," she said. "And she looks..." She trailed off.
Frowning, Sandrena turned to see.
With no regard for stealth, Korilia tromped up the slope of the basin towards them. While she was difficult to see from this distance, her posture indicated anger, or maybe fear, or anxiety. Or all three.
Only when Korilia was closer did Sandrena see the blood red on her hands, and the tears trailing down her cheeks like drips of whitewash. She stood in front of Sandrena, chest heaving with ragged, trembling breaths, lip quivering with barely-contained emotion. She met Sandrena's eyes unflinchingly, betraying depths of pain.
With barely a rustle of the grasses, Semorie stepped up next to Sandrena. "So were they a strong tribe then?" There was hint of laughter in her tone. "And you took care of them?"
Before Sandrena could blink, Korilia had crossed the distance to Semorie. Her knife blade was pressed against the Faceless woman's throat. "They were not my tribe, but they were my clan. They will not be mocked by a No-face like you." Korilia's voice dripped with rage.
Semorie made no move save to fold her arms, elbows brushing Korilia as she did.
After several tense moments, Korilia let her knife hand drop to her side and turned her devastated expression to Sandrena. "They are... all dead. Butchered. It wasn't as if they were attacked by warriors, killed in battle. This was... simple brutality. Whoever killed them didn't use swords or axes. It looked like they were sawed to pieces with... I don't even know what. Chains, maybe. They weren't killed; they were destroyed. Iron Gods, the children!"
Korilia collapsed to her knees, clutching her face with her bloody hands, unable to contain the wail of agony trapped within her any longer.
Chains. The children. The second memory, the one Sandrena dreaded to remember, flashed through her mind then like a lightning bolt. A wave of nausea swept through her, and she had to lock her knees to keep herself from joining Korilia on the ground. She forced herself to be strong for the five women watching her.
And for the sister I couldn't save, came an alien, distant thought from somewhere deep within her.
"Spear Mother," said Semorie in a soft, gentle voice. "Perhaps we should bury them. The children at least."
Yes, Sandrena thought. Bury them. Put them in the ground where they could be forgotten, so the memories of their death would not haunt anyone anymore. She quelled the cynical thought and shook her head. She wouldn't let that memory control her. But Semorie was right; burying them was the right thing to do. "Yes. I will bury them."
From where she knelt, Korilia seized Sandrena's wrist. "Spear Mother, let me. You are not responsible for them; I am. They were my people."
Sandrena smiled softly and laid a hand on Korilia's. "And in this, we are your people, too." She turned to the others. "If any of you are willing to help, I'm sure our sister would appreciate it."
Korilia pulled Sandrena's hands to her cheek. A new tear rolled down it onto Sandrena's thumb. "Thank you," she said. With Semorie's help, Korilia rose and hesitantly nodded her thanks to the Faceless woman.
Sandrena led them down the slope towards the roundhouse. Behind her, she heard someone say, "I guess that's why the Lady made her Spear Mother." Sandrena smiled, but that smile faded when she contemplated the grim task before them.


3

Sandrena dipped her hands into the cool waters of the creek and scrubbed them free of blood.
Her fingers still trembled at the thought of that scene of carnage. She hadn't known what to expect when she stepped into the roundhouse, but what she found was more horrific than anything she could have imagined.
Korilia's words had done no justice in describing that nightmare.
Sandrena tried to force it out of her mind, but it was rooted in there firmly, as pervasive as the cloying scent of blood sticking to her clothes. She doubted she would ever be able to wash out that smell. When her hands were as clean as they were going to get, she cupped them in the water and brought it to her lips. She swished the water around and spit it out in an attempt to get rid of the residual taste of vomit.
The six of them had completed their task with resolve and determination. None of them complained. The dead had been buried; that was all they could do for them. Korilia wept over the mass grave and said a prayer to her Iron Gods, asking them to grant these people rest until their next lives.
Sandrena had said no prayer for them. She was too numb to think of one.
Now, however, as she knelt next to the creek, she found herself humming that same happy tune, though it, too, seemed only partly effective in washing away the residue of that horrible experience.
She was suddenly seized by another horrid memory. This one, of her sister.
Quickly she pulled her hands out of the water, dried them frantically on her dress, and stalked away from the creek's edge.
"Gods," said Korilia behind her, "she finally stopped that damned racket." There was a wistful quality to her voice that made her words unconvincing.
Sandrena didn't rise to the bait. Instead, she walked over to where Rayell, the Shannodswoman, stood lookout. Leaning against her thin spear, eyes forward as she silently watched the horizon, Rayell looked like a statue in a Heroes' Gallery and not at all like her brown-skinned clansmen. Her long plaited hair, as purely white as the rest of her, fell nearly to the skirt of her leather armor. Like Dormaun, Rayell was strikingly beautiful, but in a very different way. Whereas Dormaun was gentle and delicate, Rayell was of a martial beauty. A jewel-encrusted dagger, with a blade forged of folded steel by a master smith, sharpened to wicked edge.
Best admired from a distance, thought Sandrena, as she closed that distance.
At her approach, Rayell turned. "Spear Mother." Her bow was barely deferential. And barely even noticeable.
Sandrena could feel the woman's piercing gaze, and with the reassuring feel of Motherspear pressed against her back by her pack, she felt that she could meet that gaze.
If with some discomfort.
"Anything?" she asked.
Rayell turned back to her study of the distance. "No."
An awkward silence stretched. The others were still down by the creek, taking their time by Sandrena's count. She chided herself for the insensitive thought; no doubt they were just as shaken as she was by what they had just gone through.
Rayell tensed. Frowning, she lifted herself up on her toes. She was a few inches shorter than Sandrena, but as she was wont to remind them now and then, Rayell could see up a flea's asshole from a mile away. "Someone's coming," she said, then sneered. "A woman. On a horse."
Sandrena didn't bother to acknowledge Rayell's obvious feelings of the mounts used by other clans. "Can you see who it is? Are they... like us?"
"No," said Rayell, squinting, "her skin has some color to it, if her hair doesn't. She's wearing metal... steel plate." Her grip tightened on her spear. "She appears armed."
As if sensing Sandrena's growing anxiety, the other four women joined them, gathering in a loose circle around her in a seemingly subconscious attempt to protect their Spear Mother. Sandrena knew what they had been tasked to do, and had even, in some half-hearted way, resigned herself to the necessity of killing. But she had seen enough death that day, and wasn't looking forward to the prospect of more.
Besides, she felt weak out here, exposed. She could fight like a Born Sword in the mists of her own clan—most Mist Clansmen could—but here, she was less than the others.
She hated being helpless. She was haunted by her feelings of helplessness nearly every time she remembered her sister.
Sometimes, she didn't even know why the Lady had chosen her to bear Motherspear.
Perhaps it was because she was so weak. She needed it just to equal the others.
No, she thought with a tinge of bitterness. There are others in Mist Clan who are stronger than me, more suited to such an important task. I was just more convenient to use. Her mind drifted back to the day when she found what was to become Motherspear. She had become one with the mist, her being dispersed within it, at once a part of it yet separate. She was speeding through it, feeling the rhythm of the land as it brushed against her, providing accompaniment for the song that was ever in her mind. She was alone, as she usually was when she did this. It was something she didn't feel she could share with anyone. For some reason, the experience was intensely personal.
Something had tugged at Sandrena's awareness, like a throbbing dissonance, wrecking the harmony she felt. Curious, she had swum through the currents of mist to investigate.
It was a thin crack in the side of a mountain, far from civilization. In her incorporeal mist state, Sandrena had had no problem navigating it. At one point, as she neared the heart of the mountain, she had felt something immensely powerful pulsing nearby, but the path to it was blocked by a massive door of solid gold, sealing the room against the mists and thus against her. It wasn't the source of the dissonance she had felt, so she ignored this other peculiar thing and continued on.
The chamber she finally came upon was huge, much larger than she had imagined being in the heart of the mountain, but more significant was what was in the chamber. A massive device of some sort, the function of which she could not determine. It looked like the bud of a rose, made of what appeared to be hammered bronze. Radiating from the base of this structure were six long and narrow thorns, all of them white, and pierced on these thorns were the bleached white bodies of giants.
Sandrena had traveled over much of Mist Clan lands and had seen many amazing things, but nothing had ever astonished her quite like that chamber and the secrets it held within.
The sheer scale of things was staggering. The giants were enormous. She could have easily fit in the palm of one of their hands. Yet even they were dwarfed by the monstrous contraption that dominated the center of the chamber.
The dissonance she felt was almost a physical force disturbing the mists. Fearing what it might do to her if she remained in mist form, she returned to her corporeal state at the bottom of the chamber, standing naked but for her soulbound sword, which could turn into mist as she did.
Someone other than the giants had been in this chamber before, she discovered. Bones, rusted armor and weapons, a few shreds of what appeared to be cloth, and the rotted remains of a leather satchel were all that was left of them. Obviously not Mist Clansmen, since they died as rotting bodies in the mist rather than dispersing into it; but what outlanders were doing here in this forgotten chamber, she had no idea.
For some reason she didn't then understand, she felt compelled to climb the giant apparatus, and then clamber out onto one of the thorns. Once there, she began to saw off the tip as if it were the most natural thing to do in that situation. It wasn't until later that she questioned the reason for her actions. It was as if her will had not been her own at the time.
It was a trial getting the spike tip out of the mountain's heart, as it didn't seem to want to vaporize like her soulbound sword did when she became mist, but manage it she did. Along the way back home, she found a shaft of bamboo that almost seemed made to fit her new spike. Before she knew it, she had made a spear.
That night, as she lay in her bed, with her strange, newly-created spear lying on the floor next to her, Sandrena had her first dream that was not a memory.
She had dreamed of the Lady of the Fourth World.
Remembering that day made Sandrena almost forget the rider coming towards them, but she quickly came back to herself when the beat of hooves began to reach her ears. She squinted as the beginnings of an identifiable shape slowly rose up in her vision.
At her side, Rayell gasped and quickly dropped to a knee with her head bowed.
The other women quickly followed suit. Only Sandrena stood there, eyes wide and mouth agape in disbelief. No. It can't be. It's not really her.
But there was no mistaking the face that had haunted her dreams since that day in the mountain's heart.
The Lady pulled up her mount alongside the group to study them. Even though Sandrena had seen the Lady's face in her dreams before, she had always seemed fuzzy, giving her little more than an impression of what she looked like. Now, seeing the Lady in stark reality caused Sandrena's breath to catch in her throat.
The Lady's white hair, as white as Sandrena and her companions, fell in damp ringlets around her copper-colored face—although her face was not copper-colored like a Shannodsman's was, but actually glinted with a slight metallic sheen. The irises of her eyes gleamed like polished silver, in contrast with her pitch black pupils, which seemed to swallow the light around them. Everything about her was arresting and frightening, and completely alien to anything Sandrena had experienced in the waking world... yet something about the Lady carried with it the scent of the familiar. Sandrena had no idea what could possibly be familiar about such an awesome being.
Even the suit of armor she wore was unlike anything Sandrena had ever seen. It was expertly crafted, finely tooled, etched with sweeping designs from edge to edge. Though it fit the Lady's body closely, it seemed comprised of crests and waves that crashed about her, as if the Lady had captured the soul of the Sea and forged this suit of armor from it. In no way did it hinder her motion; it was as if the armor yielded itself to her implacable will.
Sandrena felt the power of that will overcome her, and her knees seemed to fold under her of their own accord until she was on her hands and knees, panting with the effort of staying awake. Then, as suddenly as it had come, the sensation lifted, and Sandrena felt herself again. Awed and afraid, she lifted her head to peer wide-eyed at the Lady.
With absolute grace, she slid from her mount and stood before them, the exquisite hilt of her broadsword looming over her shoulder like a promise of unfettered violence.
"Welcome, Lady," intoned the other five women in unison.
Those silver eyes were fixed upon Sandrena.
She stared back, transfixed, for how long, she didn't know. Eventually, Sandrena blinked to clear her head and slowly, with all the effort she could muster, rose to her feet, clutching Motherspear tightly in her sweaty fist.
Unable to meet the Lady's eyes, Sandrena stared at her neck. She lifted Motherspear in front of her, parallel to the ground, as if in presentation. "I am Spear Mother, the one you appointed to lead this expedition to kill a god."
"So you are."
With a jolt, the world turned black and Sandrena was falling. Something huge crashed into her back. The ground, she thought.
She lay there, dazed and blinded, not really sure what had happened. Dimly she heard the others cry out and moan in pain, followed by the jingle of tack and the sound of booted feet hitting the ground.
Someone knelt at Sandrena's side and gently lifted her head, bringing with her a wash of fragrance, of flowers and honey and sex and sunlight, that drowned out all other sensation. Sandrena could barely make sense of this or anything else that was happening; all thought seemed to have fled her for the farthest corners of the world. Everything had turned to a shapeless oblivion for her.
"I'm sorry," began that same crushing voice. Instantly all of Sandrena's nerves flared to life. Everything felt so vibrant and pure that the life she had lived before that moment seemed like dead, gray filth in comparison. Waves of excruciating pleasure drowned her endlessly, pummeling her like a quickly rising tide. Each moment was better than the last. Her toes and fingers began to cramp almost beyond endurance, but it was worth it for what she felt. Vaguely, she could hear the moans of her companions redouble, but she realized that they were not the moans of pain, but of ecstasy.
"I'm sorry," came the vicious, wonderful voice again, "but I have no control over this glamour. I've been cursed with it forever and have no way of ridding myself of it. It should get easier the more I speak, I hope, so you're just going to have to endure this for a while until you're used to it."
Sandrena could scarcely make out the words, much less their meaning. With each sound uttered, molten fire rippled up her spine, traveling out to her fingers in an explosion of rapturous energy. Sandrena never wanted it to end, though some distant part of her suspected that if it didn't soon, she would die.
That glorious, perfect voice continued to speak for what felt like a thousand torturous eternities compressed into a single exquisite moment, until finally all sensation slowly began to fade into nothingness.
* * *
Sandrena awoke to the pungent smell of a dung fire.
Muscles shuddering, she pushed herself off of her side and propped herself up onto her elbow, barely able to maintain the position due to her weakness and exhaustion. Through her blurred vision she could tell that it was night, and that five forms sat around the crackling fire, and one more was still lying down. Mustering all her determination and strength, Sandrena fought her way into a cross-legged sitting position. She rubbed her eyes to clear the sleep from them and took in the scene before her.
Flickering firelight cast a dim orange glow over her five white companions, all of whom were awake and staring at the fire, as if making an effort not to look each other in the eye. Sandrena couldn't blame them; her shame at being compromised in such a way, and enjoying it beyond all right, overwhelmed her. Only Dormaun, lying on her side and propped up on her elbow much as Sandrena had been a moment before, seemed quite unaffected by the whole ordeal. Indeed, as she fiddled with a bit of grass that had been flattened in preparation for their camp with a dreamy smile on her parted lips, her tousled and sweat-drenched hair cast about her with abandon, Dormaun was an image of utter satisfaction.
Sandrena was anxiously and uncomfortably aware of her own silk dress saturated with sweat. Bits of dirt clung to it; smears of mud marred it where she had writhed on the ground in her ecstasy. Some of the stains were already losing color. Still, she felt an urgent need to wash the dress—alone, far away from the others.
As she brushed away some of the dirt from her skirts, she noticed a different kind of dampness on her thighs. Her shame multiplied. Hurriedly, she scooped up Motherspear and cradled it in her lap, running her fingers along the ridges in its haft to reassure herself.
The Lady, whose eyes Sandrena could not meet, sat across from her, just as if she were another woman, and not one of the God's two wardens of this world. Her armor had been removed and set at her side in an orderly fashion, along with her large broadsword. The Lady, even in a simple red tunic and black trousers, emanated a sense of majesty. Finally, after an agonizing silence, she spoke.
"I'm glad you're all finally awake," she said, "and coherent."
As if an army of evil feathers were attacking her, a series of gentle thrills coursed their way through Sandrena's body, bringing her nerves to life. It wasn't unduly pleasurable, painful, or unbearable, but she seriously hoped this didn't happen every time the Lady spoke. At least it wasn't as bad as it had been at first. She noticed that the other women in their group shifted uncomfortably as the Lady spoke.
"Again, I apologize for what I put you through this night. It's not something I would have done if I didn't think you had need. Speaking to you, that is. I know what it does to people, and as I have no way of stopping it, I try my best not come into direct contact with anyone unless there is great need. I usually tell people what they need to know through dreams. That, unfortunately, is no longer an option."
Sandrena glanced up, flinching when she caught sight of those silver eyes. Steeling herself, she opened her mouth to speak. A hoarse whisper emerged. She cleared her throat, and words finally came out. "Why? What's different?"
The Lady's face held a soft, sad smile. Her strange skin, with its metallic sheen, glinted oddly in the firelight. "We're nearing the Madding Shores."
Korilia, who had been silent this whole time, leapt to her feet. "What! That's a lie! I know my lands, and we are still a hundred miles from the influence of the Shores!"
"Peace, Daughter." The Lady raised her hand in a mollifying gesture, but Korilia's chest was heaving and she appeared to have no interest in sitting back down. The Lady sighed. "I'm not questioning your knowledge of these lands. You're absolutely right; we are nearly a hundred miles from where the influence of the Madding Shores used to begin."
No one moved. Sandrena was certain that the others heard the words the Lady had used: where the influence of the Madding Shores used to begin. Even Korilia was still, scarcely breathing.
Eventually she sat back down and, frowning darkly into the flames, said, "Explain."
Not exactly how Sandrena would have framed the request to a divine being, but the Lady seemed unruffled at this curt command. "The dreams I've sent you have outlined the basic purpose of this mission that I have called you on. We are here, all of us—myself included—to kill a god. As you may have determined, there's only one God that humanity generally concerns itself with, and I assure you that I am not one to ask you to kill Berahmain." Korilia seemed ready to protest, doubtless about her clan's Iron Gods, but when it appeared she wasn't going to speak, the Lady continued. "Not only do I not have it in me, but the results of such an action would be, to put it lightly, catastrophic."
The Lady seemed suddenly troubled as she spoke these last words, but she continued speaking with only a breath's pause. "So, you may have deduced that it is not a god of mankind that we shall kill, but a god of the Aberrations."
Rayell breathed in sharply; Semorie hissed. Dormaun, no longer dazed, peered up at the Lady, eyes wide with interest. Judging by their reactions, none of the others had any clue what kind of god the Lady would want them to kill. Sandrena certainly hadn't.
The Lady noticed all of this. "I see. I'm sorry to have dragged all of you out here for this with so little knowledge. Dreams are limited in what I can convey through them." She smiled again, that same gentle smile. "I'm honored that you would come at my bidding without knowing the reason for it. Honored, and also a little frightened that all of you, without exception, would be so impetuous and uncritical."
Duly chastised, the others hung their heads. All except Caella, the lone Tokkarintswoman in their group, who stared with a pleading look in her round face. "But... you're the Lady! A divine agent of Berahmain's!" As Sandrena understood it, the shorter, rounder woman had been a Sister of the Church before she had left Tokkarint to join them on this quest, and thus Sandrena was not all that surprised by this outburst.
"That's true," the Lady said at length. "But I am not your master. You need not come at my bidding. You six were chosen because of all the women in your respective clans, you were the ones whose dreams were most open to my touch." She glanced pointedly at Korilia, who sniffed loudly. "And though in our shared dreams I called you all my daughters, I now think of you more as sisters."
The second memory, the one Sandrena always tried to forget, suddenly flooded her mind. Quickly, she stifled it, focusing instead on this conversation.
"Why?" asked Rayell in a harsh tone. "Why us?"
"I think..." The Lady frowned in thought, an unexpectedly human gesture, but Sandrena realized that this divine being before her was full of such human touches. "I think that there is some sort of... harmony between us, that's not between me and other people. And I think that is why you heard my plea, and why you came to me."
"Why just women?" Dormaun asked in an exceedingly curious voice.
"You've heard my voice and know what effect it has." She tilted her head as she regarded her. "Have you ever been raped, Dormaun?"
Dormaun answered in a very small voice, "Yes."
"I haven't. Though many men have tried. They became... less useful to me afterwards." Her hand rested on the ornate hilt of her sword. Yes, Sandrena supposed that dead men weren't very useful to anybody. "And I am sorry if I made you relive such a memory. It must have been horrible."
"Yes, well." Dormaun made a dismissive gesture. "I'd say you more than made up for it last night." She smiled, though Sandrena could see that the memory of what was done to her haunted her still. The pain was evident in her eyes.
Under the vault of stars, their conversation lapsed into silence once more. Sandrena supposed that they were not quite used to each other, and that the addition of the Lady only seemed to amplify the strangeness of their situation.
With each answered question, that strangeness was becoming all the more apparent. A thousand questions popped into Sandrena's mind and she couldn't decide which one was the most important. She doubted there was time enough in this lifetime or in a dozen more for all her questions to be answered. Through the murk, one question finally rose up. "Can you tell us more about this... god, that we are supposed to kill?"
The Lady nodded. "Of course. But perhaps I should tell you a little about the Fourth World, and how it came into being."
Everyone was suddenly rapt. The creation of all existence, as understood by the Lady herself? Caella's eyes were nearly bugging out of her head. Doubtless a priestess had much interest in such a topic.
"Well," the Lady continued, "perhaps came into being is not the proper phrase. While I don't know much about the other six worlds, I was here when the Fourth World was not yet the Fourth World, but rather a world populated by many other creatures which people now refer to as Aberrations.
"It's not the most accurate term, since it implies that Berahmain's plan somehow went awry, and the existence of these creatures was somehow a result of this. That's not true. While they certainly are not a part of Berahmain's plans for the Fourth World, they came before the plan. They were here first, and we—Berahmain, the Lord, and I—took over a part of their world to create what you see here now: the lands of the Six Clans."
Sandrena stared in open-mouthed astonishment. "But—"
"Please, Sandrena." The Lady lifted her hand and smiled again, soothingly. "I know you are boiling over with questions, and I hope to answer many of them. This story, I hope, will do just that."
Blearily, Sandrena nodded.
"Thank you." She shifted slightly were she sat. "Again, it isn't entirely accurate to say that their world is now totally ours. The Fourth World, as we know it, is only a small part of their world, but it is cut off from it by—"
"—the Madding Shores," Korilia finished, understanding dawning on her face. "And the reason people go mad is because they cross over from our world into theirs?"
The Lady nodded. "Yes. The rules of their world are not the same as ours, and our minds struggle to make sense of them. Often this ends up in madness, and always it ends up with being lost in their world forever, with no hope of returning to the Fourth World." She met each of their gazes forcefully to emphasize her next point. "Not even death will bring you back into Berahmain's plans."
Sandrena shuddered at the thought. She had heard stories of people removed from Berahmain's plan, never again to face the Challenge, with no hope of rising again in another world once death has been met in this one. The thought of permanent death, one from which she would never again wake, was terrifying.
"Is this what will happen to us?" Dormaun asked.
"No." The Lady's voice rang with finality. "I will make sure that none of you are lost. Killed, well... I don't imagine we will all survive our encounter with the god." She breathed in deeply and exhaled. "Know that I wish you all to survive this ordeal."
"And so, the Aberrations in our world..." began Rayell.
"Yes, they are those who slipped between the cracks in our world, remaining here after their old world was replaced. Some have even found a way to traverse between our overlapping worlds, though many cannot pass through the Madding Shores without suffering the same effects as humans. Of course, only a few of them know the truth, the longer-lived ones. The others have only heard what has been distorted in the telling of thousands, if not millions, of generations. There is disagreement between them as to what they should do with us. Some of them want to destroy mankind, others want to live in peace. Still others want to abandon this world and find another to live on."
"And it would be safe to assume, then," said Rayell, choosing her words with care and thought, "that this god you want us to kill is among the first group."
"Yes," said the Lady. "You have the right of it. Though he wants to go beyond merely destroying mankind. He was here at the very beginning, when we stole this world from the Aberrations. In fact, the Lord and I defeated him, and sent him off to another realm, which was how the Fourth World was won in the first place. He is, in many ways, the god of this world. Somehow, the Aberrations beyond the Madding Shore found a way to bring him back."
Something didn't quite add up to Sandrena. "Then, why isn't the Lord helping us now?"
"He can't." An expression of hopelessness came over the Lady's features. "Ever since the creation of the Fourth World, the Lord and I have had our distinct roles from which we cannot stray due to the order inherent in Berahmain's plan. He can only defend the existence of the Fourth World from threats that come from within the plan. I can only defend the threats from without. Against almost any threat, we can no longer work together."
"Threats from within the plan?" Caella asked, puzzled.
"Yes." For a silent moment, Sandrena thought that was all the Lady had to say on the topic, but then she continued. "He... the Lord, that is, made a mistake once. Granted a gift that was not his to give. As a result, the order of Berahmain's plans were upset, and the Lord has been fighting to correct it ever since." She shook her head and stared into the fire, lost in thought. "That one lapse in judgment has endangered everything."
Sandrena wondered what the Lord could have given someone that would cause so much chaos. The Lady didn't seem inclined to speak of it further, however, and it would likely just be one of those thousand questions that would never be answered. At least not in this lifetime.
The Lady suddenly stretched out her arms in an expansive yawn. "I think that's enough for tonight," she said when she was finally able. "We can continue this tomorrow. Is anybody fit for first watch?"
Semorie stood. With her clothes and cowl dried from proximity to the campfire, she looked none the worse for wear. "I will stand watch." With a tenderness that surprised Sandrena, Semorie said, "Sleep this night, my Lady. We will all take turns."
The Lady nodded gratefully and, in a way that was decidedly childlike, flopped to her back on the flattened grass. Within seconds, she was snoring.
Sandrena shook her head at the strangeness of it all, unfurled her bedroll, and arranged her pack into a suitable pillow. Exhausted emotionally as well as physically, she fared no better than the Lady, and sleep dragged her down in moments.


4

That night, Sandrena didn't dream. Aside from the ones compelling her on this quest, she had never had true dreams, dreams as others described them, while she slept. No, all she had were memories.
They were memories of a life she never lived.
This one was the second such memory, the one she always dreaded facing.
It was a misty day, though in the memory the mists didn't hold any significance; they were simply mists, an obscuring fog, nothing more, much like the mists she had encountered in Canterell.
She stood at the foot of a trail through the woods, anxiously tapping her bare foot on the ground as she waited, though what she waited for, Sandrena the observer couldn't yet remember. All she knew was that in the memory, she was feeling impatient about something.
The details of the forest were visceral and real, almost as real as if she were experiencing them at the moment: the stirring of emerald leaves in the gentle breeze, the warmth of shifting sunlight speckled on her skin, the aroma of earth, the feel of the dirt under her toes... it was real in a way that memories were, and that, as she understood them, dreams were not.
Finally, she saw sign of what she had been waiting for, and an eager grin split her face. There, swinging down the trail on her two crutches, was her little sister.
My little sister. The sight of her warmed the observing Sandrena's heart more than she could account for; how was it that this little girl meant so much to her, meant the whole world to her? She knew it was not just her own feelings that she felt. They were mingled with those of the girl whose life she was experiencing, the girl named Sandra.
"Sandra!" cried the tiny girl, who looked much younger than her six years. Her round brown face, framed by lank dirty blond hair, radiated sheer delight. "What are you waiting for? Get moving!"
"I ain't waiting on nothing, Laura!" Sandrena hollered back. "I stubbed a toe... or something."
Laura grinned all the wider, and Sandrena felt her own face mirror her little sister's. Laura didn't like special treatment because of her legs, and often worked to show that she didn't need any such treatment. She loved showing off how fast she could move with her crutches and leg braces.
The windy part of the path was where it got tricky, so Sandra liked to let her at least catch up on that part. Now that they were on the straightaway, Sandra knew she would have a tough time of catching up once Laura got going.
Laura stopped when she got a couple feet from Sandra, chest heaving, eyes wild with excitement. "Ready..."
"And..."
"GO!"
They both tore off like maniacs, laughing and howling. Laura took the path, making incredible speed, while Sandra crashed through the ferns and the bushes like a frenzied boar. Thorns and branches caught a Sandra's wool dress, but she didn't care; she had to win. Not because she felt any desire to beat her sister in this race, but because Laura always knew when Sandra wasn't trying her best.
By the time Sandra made it down by the creek bank, little Laura was leaning against a tree stump with both crutches resting against her shoulder, her arms folded over them, and a very smug look on her face. Sandra laughed.
"Want to go up a ways? To the pond maybe?" Sandra asked, dusting her dress free of plant matter.
Briefly a fearful expression came over Laura's face, but it was quickly schooled into nonchalance. "I don't know. I heard some boys shouting. Doesn't sound like much fun, sharing the pond with them."
Pausing to listen, Sandra could hear them faintly.
She suspected she knew which boys Laura was talking about. Some of the boys from Second Hill, a village just on the other side of the creek, often picked on Laura. Sandra couldn't understand why; how could anyone look at Laura and not fall instantly in love with her? She knew, though, that the people from Second Hill were poorer than dirt, poorer, even, than the people from Sandra's own village. Maybe they hated her just because she knew how to smile and they didn't.
One time, they had broken both of Laura's crutches, the whole lot of them just stamping and smashing them for no good reason. Sandra had to carry Laura on her back, even had to swim across the creek like that, all the way home. Immediately, Sandra had asked dad how to make new crutches, and with his help, that's exactly what Sandra did. They were the crutches that Laura used now.
Abruptly, Laura's stomach grumbled. She grinned as if it were something to be proud of, and Sandra laughed aloud. "Berries, then?"
"Sounds good," Laura said with a decisive nod. "Hum our song so I know where you are. We'll meet back here in quarter of a turn." She crutched off to the fork, taking the right path.
Skipping buoyantly, Sandra took the left, and began to hum their song. It was a happy little tune, perfect for this weather, perfect for this day. She was able to mark each beat of the song with each fall of her foot as she skipped down the path. Sandra couldn't remember where she had first heard that song. Maybe it was when that troupe of players came to town a few years back... or maybe Sandra first heard it in her heart when she saw Laura's little face brought into the world. She didn't know. All she knew was that Laura loved it, so much so that she thought of it as their song, the song that defined them as sisters.
Sandra first became aware of the berry bush when about a dozen of their thorns pricked her all at once. She had been so wrapped up in the song, skipping so carelessly, that she managed to jump right into the bush. Cursing loudly—and blushing in embarrassment when she realized Laura could have heard it—she backed out of the bush slowly, picking up her song right where she left off. Much to her dismay, she had trampled some of the biggest, juiciest berries, but there were still plenty of good ones. She crouched down and began to pick them to put in her dress's berry pouch, which dad had sewn on special for her, sneakily popping a few of them into her mouth like it was some grand crime.
The leaves stirred, rustling like cloth.
Sandra couldn't hear any sign of Laura.
She stood up mid-chew, frowning, wondering how far they had separated. It hadn't been a quarter of a turn yet, she knew, and Laura wouldn't make any sound if she were waiting at the fork. Still, the sounds of the forest seemed to be missing something, something that Sandra couldn't quite place.
Clutching her berry pouch closed, she trotted briskly back up the path.
No one waited at the fork.
Trying not to worry herself sick, Sandra took the other path, casting her gaze about to either side for any sign of her sister. Then, with a chill that made her shudder, she realized what was missing from the air.
The boys' shouting.
Sandra tore into a sprint toward the pond, arms pumping, heedless of the berries flying free of her pouch.
When she finally made it to the muddy bank of the pond, panting and heaving, she saw them: the two bastardly brothers from Second Hill, the ones who had instigated the crutch-smashing of before, Jonah and Ian. They were sitting in the decrepit, moldy boat they sometimes brought out. Next to them were three younger boys, kids that were pale imitations of the hooligans that were Jonah and Ian, but hooligans nonetheless. Sandra didn't remember their names, and right now, she didn't care.
"Have you seen her?" From out of nowhere, tears sprang out of Sandra's eyes. "Where is she?"
None of the boys would look at her. Under the smudges of dirt, their faces were wan, their eyes wide with terror. All except black-haired Ian, whose face was red with anger for some reason.
The boat lurched slightly, and then was still. The anchor chain was stretched taut as it reached into the pond's depths. None of the boys moved or acknowledged Sandra's existence.
"Where is she?"
One of the younger boys, the skinny one with the mop of curly red hair, glanced over the boat's edge. Wordlessly, Ian cuffed him hard.
Bubbles broke the water's surface next to the anchor chain.
Sandra stared. And then she screamed.
Without a moment's hesitation, she threw herself into the water. She didn't know how to swim, but right now that didn't matter. Taking a deep, quivering breath, Sandra submerged herself completely.
She had tried opening her eyes under water before, but it always hurt. Now, she did it, too afraid to feel the hurt. Too afraid of what might be going on while she closed her eyes.
There, at the bottom of the pond where the plants were thickest, was the rusted anchor. Laura was next to it, struggling futilely against the chain around her neck, her crippled legs floating like dead weight. Her panicked eyes found Sandra's, and a bubble of air escaped her lips. No no no no!
Sandra thrashed and thrashed, but nothing she did seemed to move her very far. She felt so helpless, so worthless, so stupid! How could she have let this happen? Why couldn't she have stayed next to her sister, to protect her?
Sandra's knee banged against a rock hard, drawing blood and a sharp sting. She set her feet, letting the rest of her body drift down so that she was parallel to the sloping ground, and kicked off with all her strength and anger and fear.
Within two seconds, she had a grip on the hem of Laura's dress. Already Sandra's lungs felt like they were going to burst right out of her chest.
Laura began to struggle harder. She screamed, but little enough air came out. If Sandra could have cried under the water right then, she would have, but she didn't have time. She had to work fast.
Somehow, the chain had knotted around Laura's neck, stretched tight as the anchor was barely scraping the bottom. Sandra couldn't make sense of that; how could the chain have managed to knot itself around her neck? Then she realized: the chain didn't do anything.
The boys had done this. Deliberately.
Sandra lifted the anchor, putting some give into the chain. With that, she was able to shove Laura's head free.
Laura wasn't moving. Her eyes were fixed on nothing.
Sandra grabbed Laura around the chest and began kicking for the surface.
Their faces broke the surface. Air filled Sandra's stinging lungs sharply. But she couldn't stay above water; she didn't know how. After that fleeting mouthful of air she was back under. She sank to the bottom again, and slowly crawled back towards the bank, clutching her motionless sister close.
Finally they reached the bank. Sandra flopped into the mud, gasping and weak, the pain in her knee finally catching up to her, dazed and insane with fear.
Laura's chest wasn't moving. Her hair clung to her face like seaweed, but she didn't push it away. Her eyes still stared from a pale face.
Sandra felt the sobs rise up her throat, closed her eyes against the tears. She pulled Laura close as she began to cry, kissing her cold cheek as she did.
Behind her, she heard the boat crunch against the mud. Footsteps.
Something blocked the sunlight. Sandra rolled over slightly and opened her eyes to see Ian standing over her, stinking in his filthy ragged clothing. He looked absolutely furious, as if Sandra had done something horrible to him and not the other way around.
He nearly choked on the words as he spoke. "You ain't gonna tell on us, are you?"
Sandra rolled back over and the sobs came on stronger. She didn't care about Ian. Her sister was dead, dead. She wrapped her arms and legs around Laura as best she could; maybe if she held on long enough, Laura's spirit wouldn't go away. Maybe she would wake up.
Sandra would be willing to try. She would do anything to see her sister smile again.
"Hey!" Something jerked her over flat on her back. Before she could get up, Ian pressed her hands down and knelt on her arms. Unbelieving that he could do such a thing, especially after what he had done, she gaped at him. Then she launched into a fit of screaming, kicking, biting, and punching. "Stop it!" he shouted. "Listen to me!"
His fist connected with her jaw. Something popped, something felt wrong. Sandra's vision went black with pain, but only for a blessed moment. Then she saw Ian's face, contorted with rage, staring down at her. "Shut up!" he shouted. "Shut up and listen!" He swung his fist behind his back and into Sandra's ribs.
She suddenly found it very hard to breathe.
Her eyelids fluttered. "Hey! Get over here and help me with this! She was gonna tell on us! Do you wanna get strung up?"
"We didn't do anything, Ian. You did."
"Oh yeah? That's not what I saw. Jonah, what did you see?"
Through the haze, Sandra heard Jonah chuckle. "I saw Devvy doing some real sick stuff to that little gimp before shoving her over the side."
"Right. Now you gonna come on over here and help, Devvy? Or you gonna get strung up all on your own?"
Several shadows crowded around her, darkening her world. Sandra opened her eyes long enough to see Ian holding a rock in his hands, then raising it over his head, terror in his eyes, and then—
Red blossomed in her vision, consuming all else. She felt feet crushing her fingers, more rocks hitting her legs, her stomach. The pain was immense, intolerable, ripping through every fiber of her being. She wished she could fade away and die, but the intensity of her agony only seemed to accelerate with abandon, as if she were feeling the pain multiply itself, feeding off of itself with each new injury. Pain poured into her like poisonous water into a vessel that was discovering it had no bottom.
Abruptly the pain stopped.
The redness of her vision seemed to congeal into liquid clouds of blood swarming all around her, washing away the beach, the pond... her sister. She was floating in this red world, hovering like a feather that had forgotten how to fall. There was no ground that she could see, just the liquid clouds roiling in every direction, lit by the occasional flickers of red lightning.
Sandrena the observer realized that this was not part of the memory at all.
She realized that she was dreaming. She had to be; but why did it feel so real?
The shadows of her assailants were hidden behind the clouds. Then, all five of the shadows swam through the clouds towards a point in front of her, then disappeared.
Sandrena's heart thumped wildly in her chest.
Then, like a mountain parting the mist, a vast single shadow appeared, man-shaped and enormous, bigger than the tallest peaks of Mist lands. The fuzzy edges of his form sharpened into night-black muscles, human except for where his head and neck should have been, where there was only empty space.
The headless man spread his arms wide. A dozen black chains sprang out from behind, writhing like tentacles. Sandrena noticed that at his stomach was something that looked like a round shield. Her focus was drawn to it for some reason.
From within the black depths of that stomach-shield, two yellow eyes opened, stared into her soul, crushing it.
And all around her the clouds began to scream.
* * *
"Spear Mother. Spear Mother, wake up!"
Sandrena's eyes shot open.
Something was touching her shoulder. Instinctively, she backed away.
"Spear Mother. It's me! Caella!"
Crouched over Sandrena's bed roll was indeed the round-faced woman, staring at her with wide eyes. Behind her stood the others, including the Lady, worried looks in all of their faces. But that wasn't what captured Sandrena's attention.
The entire sky was overcast with boiling red clouds.
Frantically, Sandrena took stock of their surroundings. Their campsite looked more or less the same—the firepit wasn't even smoking, so she figured it must have been morning already, but there was no way to tell for certain. The otherworldly red glow filling the clouds seemed nothing so common as daylight.
To the north a mere fifty feet loomed a massive black cliff.
"What—What the Tree is going on?" she stammered, scrabbling away from the startling sight. How had a cliff sprouted in the middle of grasslands? How was this, any of this, possible?
The Lady stepped forward with a consoling expression on her face. "The Madding Shores move faster than I thought possible. The God of Aberrations gathers power, and quickly."
Sandrena could barely follow what she was hearing. Had the dream truly ended? How could she tell? Everything seemed so... impossible. She swiped the hair out of her sweaty face, trying to make sense of it all. "I... was dreaming." She glanced up.
Everyone stared back at her with blank eyes.
"Don't you understand? I don't have dreams!"
"Sure you do," Rayell said with far more calmness than Sandrena ever thought she could feel again. "You mumble in your sleep all the time. It's annoying."
"No," Sandrena said with a dismissive gesture, "that's different. I know what you're talking about. Those aren't dreams, not really. This... I was floating... a man appeared, bigger than that cliff... and..." She began to shudder uncontrollably, and drew her knees up to her chest, clutching to herself tightly. "It was... unbearable!"
She could feel their eyes on her still, but the Lady was instantly at her side, drawing her into a loose embrace. At her touch, Sandrena felt the worry wash away from her like filth under a waterfall. She wondered if this were some power of the Lady's, or merely the sincerity of her compassion that she felt.
"He knows, Sandrena. He knows we are coming to stop him. And he knows you hold Motherspear." The embrace tightened, and Sandrena felt the Lady's cheek pressed against her own. "I'm sorry for placing this burden upon you."
"Nonsense," Sandrena said. She returned the embrace to soften her words. "I chose this... for you, Lady. It is a burden I bear willingly." She disengaged and scooped up Motherspear, feeling its power reassure her, and turned back to the Lady, who also stood. Sandrena lifted the Spear. "How does this work?"
The Lady's sad face wilted further. "I don't know exactly, I'm sorry to say. All I know is that its power is genuine, and immense, and that it reacts to the resonances of our respective realms—the Fourth World as you know it, and the realm of the Aberrations as it once was. It's able to bridge the two worlds."
"You don't know what it does?" Caella asked, before huffing and turning away, doubtless feeling her faith in Berahmain's divine agents waning.
Sandrena ignored her. "Does this have the power to undo what was done already?" With Motherspear, she gestured to the cliff.
"I don't know. I think it may be too much to ask without complete mastery of the Spear. Success in this venture is stopping the god from destroying everything. Anything beyond that would be a plum, in my opinion."
Sandrena crumpled. All that power... unreachable. She felt as weak and useless as she had when trying to swim under the surface of the pond, knowing what she had to do but lacking in the skill to do it. She had failed that day; she hadn't been able to save Laura, or herself. Would the same thing happen to her again?
Propping the butt of Motherspear in the ground, she closed her eyes and leaned her forehead against the tip, letting its seemingly untappable power radiate into her. No. I promise that I will not fail again. Though it may not bring you back, I do this for you, little sister.
I will be strong enough.
Just thinking about Laura, the unquenchable smile that often graced her face, made Sandrena feel that she had the strength to carry on. She even felt the corners of her own lips curl up slightly.
When she opened her eyes, she saw the Lady gazing at her with interest, head cocked.
Abruptly, Semorie spun into a low crouch, both blades—a short stabbing sword and a dagger for parrying—snapping into her hands from out of nowhere. The rest of them froze, ears straining for what set Semorie off. Sandrena could hear nothing, save for the quiet dragging of metal against leather as the Lady crouched to pull her broadsword free of it scabbard. Sandrena noticed that the Lady's armor still sat in its ordered fashion next to the Lady's bedroll.
Korilia drew her bone-hilted knife. Rayell lowered her thin-hafted spear, eyes roaming over the grasses. Dormaun grabbed a stone off the ground, clutching it in her hands fiercely. While Sandrena didn't know if Dormaun would be much of a force to reckon with, she admired the woman's sudden courage.
Sandrena lowered Motherspear, hoping that when the time came, she would know what to do with it.
Like a flash, Semorie darted forward at a crouch, disappearing into the high grasses.
All around them, the grass began to stir as if hunters circled them.
Sandrena's pulse began to race, her breathing deepening. Her palms started sweating; she gripped Motherspear tighter to compensate. She would not fail again.
Beyond the rustling of grass, she could hear the falling of feet, and a quiet grinding of metal on metal... The women circled up around the firepit, at least those with weapons. With a determined expression on her white face with her hands folded in front of her in priestly fashion, Caella stood in the center of the circle. The Lady stood at Sandrena's right, broadsword held out in front of her, tip slanting up. Briefly, their eyes met.
A snarling shadow leapt straight at Sandrena's face.
Caught unawares, she stumbled back with a quick shriek. The butt of Motherspear caught on a stone, jerking the tip of the Spear up—right into the chest of the strangely shifting, cat-like beast. Expecting to feel the resistance of parting flesh, she was surprised when she heard the grating of metal on the Spear's tip.
The large beast exploded outward in strings of metal. Not flesh at all.
They're made of chains.
Broken links of white-hot metal bounced off of her. Had they made longer contact, they would have burned her. Sandrena must have damaged the chain-creature somehow. She didn't have time to think about it. It had abandoned its cat-like form and lashed at her, quick as a whip. Before she could react, the chain had wrapped around her throat.
She could feel it tightening, choking off her air, sawing into her skin. She felt as if she were holding her breath, unable to get air into her lungs, the air was too far away, if only she could swim faster, unwrap the chain from Laura's neck...
No. Motherspear spun in her hands, slicing through the chain in a blazing white blur as if the chain were hemp and not iron, melting the chain on contact. The tightness around her neck loosened, and then fell away, as the chain, separated from the bulk, seemed to die.
Glorious air filled her lungs.
Never again. Never again will I be a victim. Never again will anyone I love be a victim.
Filled with righteous rage, Sandrena advanced. She was no master of the spear—the sword was her weapon of choice, as it was for most Mistclansmen—but she had practiced long hours ever since meeting Rayell in Shannod, sparring with her. Sandrena had been awkward and slow in practice, but now, she was filled with clarity of purpose, and her movements quick, accurate, and efficient.
The chain was now coiled like a snake, the scorched metal of its would-be face darting forward as a snake would, testing its victim's defenses. The chain seemed wary of Motherspear, as well it should be. For some reason, Motherspear was able to cut through the chain as if it were a heated sword cutting through a candle. Sandrena had never seen it act that way with anything else.
Sandrena mimicked the chain's movements, making tiny jabs, careful not to leave openings in her defenses.
From out of nowhere, something slammed into her side, throwing her to the ground.
It was the Lady.
Who spun just as a second chain shot through the air where Sandrena had stood not a moment before. With speed that seemed impossible for a human, the Lady, leaning on Sandrena to protect her, struck out with her broadsword in a hundred, no, a thousand strikes in mere seconds, parrying the chain in a shower of sparks. Sandrena couldn't track what was happening at all. The Lady's arm was a blur, her sword rendered invisible with speed. Bits of metal shot everywhere, nicking Sandrena with a thousand tiny cuts. She had to raise her arm to keep the tiny shards from cutting out her eyes.
Keeping the mind-bending pace of her strikes, the Lady struggled to her feet. "Sandrena," she grunted. "The other chain—"
Sandrena saw movement out of the corner of her eye.
And stabbed Motherspear forward.
The first chain slammed right into the tip, splitting into two white rivulets of liquid metal that parted around it. As if mortally wounded, the chain slithered away into the grass.
Droplets of the liquid metal spattered on the Lady's back.
Sandrena scrambled to her feet to do something, but there was no need: the metal burned small holes in the fabric of the Lady's clothes, but merely clung to her skin with no ill effect.
Sandrena stared, unblinking.
But the mystery of the Lady had to wait. There were still fights to be had.
The Lady was pressing her advantage—or at least it seemed that way, as Sandrena could barely make sense of that battle—so she decided to see which of the others needed help. She made a quick scan of the campsite.
Dormaun was nowhere to be found. Rayell and Korilia were teamed up against another chain-beast, this one still in its cat-like form. Rayell was favoring one foot; the ankle was swollen, and probably bruised, though it was impossible to tell since no bruises would show on their skin. Across the firepit, Semorie was standing stock-still. Her left arm was missing below the elbow—
Was she boshail, then? Sandrena stared, blinked, then shook her head. No. Not important. "Semorie, are—"
"I'm wounded, but alive. Don't worry about me." Her voice was flat.
Sandrena nodded in a daze, not sure what good worrying would do at this point anyway. "Where is Dormaun? And Caella?"
The Lady stepped to Sandrena's side, breathing heavily but otherwise unharmed. "Need help, sisters?"
Korilia roared forward, slashing like a maniac, though there was form to her mania. Short lengths of chain flew from the path of her sudden rampage. Then, she stopped, panting heavily.
Rayell was frozen, staring in awe, then dropped her arms in a disappointed slump. "I guess not, my Lady."
Sandrena scanned the grass for motion. "Is that all of them?"
"Yes," came Semorie's flat voice. Still she had not taken her eyes from the point in front of her.
Sandrena frowned. Were those tears? "Semorie?"
The Faceless woman nodded at the ground at her feet.
Sandrena hurried over. Pushing aside the grass, she gasped.
Caella lay on the dirt, limbs bent in odd angles, eyes open in death. Holes gaped in front and back of her where chains must have punched through. The wounds seemed to drip white paint. Her blood. Only the redness of the sky seemed to tell the truth about what it was.
Sandrena fell to her knees at Caella's side. No. I failed.
I failed you, Caella.
I failed you, Laura.
A scream ripped from Sandrena's throat.


5

They found Dormaun a short while later, unharmed... at least physically. She was crouching, rocking back and forth, mumbling something. When Sandrena went to rouse her from her disturbed state, the Lady put a restraining hand on her arm. "Let her be for now. We're safe until true morning."
Sandrena nodded and began to shuffle back to the campsite. The others, save Dormaun, fell in behind her.
The red hue of the clouds seemed to deepen, making the world seem awash with fire. Was true morning even going to happen? Did the sun rise in this twisted world? Everything seemed so wrong. Sandrena wondered if life would ever go back to normal.
She eyed her bedroll with yearning. For once, she wanted to sleep without dreaming or remembering. But there was something that needed to be done first. "We need to bury Caella," she said. Sandrena was getting sick of burying people.
"No, Spear Mother," Semorie said quietly. "I failed to protect her. I will bury her."
Sandrena opened her mouth to protest, but saw something in Semorie's eyes. "I understand." Did she ever.
The Faceless woman nodded, stalked off.
Rayell, always so stolid, seemed shaken. "Lady," she said, then hesitated. "Will—Now that Ca— Now that we are one less, is there any hope that we will succeed?"
Sandrena groaned. In her grief, she had forgotten. In the dreams she had sent them, the Lady had told them that not one of them could die lest the mission fail.
The bleakness in the Lady's expression echoed what Sandrena knew in her heart was true. "I can't... say for certain. The slight chance we had depended on the seven of us being there, together, when we faced this god. There is power in that number, power I thought we might be able to use against him. I suspected some would die in our battle with him, but before..." She shook her head. "I'm sorry. I wish I had better news."
"Thank you." Rayell seemed to rediscover her resolve. "I will fight on."
"Good," said the Lady. "Because we don't really have any choice. The only hope for the Fourth World is the six of us. If we don't at least try, then everyone and everything we know is going to die. Forever."
It was a chilling thought, that Sandrena and her bleached-white companions were all that stood between existence and annihilation. Though she had untapped some of the Spear's power, it seemed so meager in light of what they would face. She remembered seeing the god in her dream. The chain-creatures were horrible, and had already killed one of them. What chance did they have against a god?
Dormaun stepped into the open circle of the campsite, eyes puffy, arms drooping at her sides. That spark of luscious sensuality that always seemed to burn within her was quenched utterly. She sank to her bedroll and lie down, facing away from the rest of them.
All was silent. Then Dormaun spoke. "That thing, it... touched me. Touched my legs." She squeezed her legs together and almost managed to suppress a shudder. "I don't like things like that touching me." Her voice sounded so small. She didn't even seem like a woman anymore, just a scared, abused child.
—doing some real sick stuff to that little gimp before shoving her over the side—
Sandrena stifled a sob. Jonah's voice rang through her head like a bell. Slowly, its echoing dissipated, and so did the anguish such a memory of a memory always brought. Oh, Dormaun. What happened to you?
Was it the same for all of them? Had all of them been hurt somehow? Is that why every one of them answered the Lady's call?
Sandrena took a sharp breath. If it was true that pain bound them to the Lady, did that mean that she, too, had suffered? Curious, she glanced over at the Lady.
Whose silver eyes had been fixed on her. Watching her.
Sandrena resisted the impulse to look away from that implacable gaze. No, she searched for something, anything, to help make sense of this hopeless quest. So she stared right back.
What she saw there staggered her. Desolation. Failure. A door, slamming shut. A light snuffed, leaving only night. Weakness. Frailty. A broken body, a broken heart.
She knows she's going to die.
Tears streamed down Sandrena's face. She raised a hand, to reach out to the Lady, to give her comfort. To give her hope. "Oh," she whispered as her voice quavered. "Oh, my Lady."
Abruptly, the Lady broke eye contact and stood. "Get some sleep if you can. I will stand watch for the rest of the..." She glanced up at the red sky. "Night." She turned and stepped into the grass.
Sandrena didn't sleep. She lay there, helpless once again, and trembled.
It was all she could do.
* * *
The sky managed to lighten when the daylight hours came, if not differ from its reddish hue. Sandrena didn't know how, but the plains of Canterell changed again, in places shifting from the endless grasses to the same baked, black porous stone that comprised the cliffs. The stone sprouted up spontaneously and randomly, yet never when Sandrena was looking; it was as if the stone waited until her back was turned to make its appearance. She found it no wonder they called them the Madding Shores, if this was how they were.
It appeared in strange shapes: spiraling spires, spanning bridges, jagged teeth, incongruously smooth orbs, and other shapes she couldn't put a name to. Korilia seemed personally affronted at the change to her lands, as if she couldn't believe that an implacable force like the Madding Shores and the god that drove it would dare do such a thing to her. Sandrena could even hear her grinding her teeth and muttering to herself, muscles in her bicep bunching as she spun her knife in her hand.
Sandrena was glad. Anger was much more useful than despair. Seeing Korilia strengthened her. It was a strength she was beginning to need.
Desperately.
She watched the Lady, who had been silent after breakfast, when she had described what little she knew of the chain-creatures that had attacked them in the night—mere tools, not creatures at all, like marionettes with their strings cut and a purpose to give them motion. The Lady had been all business then, meeting Sandrena's eyes no more than the others', but now she was withdrawn into a private world. One in which she was doubtless coming to grips with her imminent fate.
None of the other women spoke, either. It was as if they had returned to the state in which Sandrena had found them: frightened, alone, frightened of being alone, uncertain of how to bridge the gap between them to end that loneliness.
Sandrena wanted to say something to shatter this silence, but she couldn't. She was paralyzed by the same feelings as the rest of them. I failed last night. She caught a glance at the Lady, a few paces ahead, watching the ground where she stepped, not looking forward. And I will fail again.
She could say no words. She couldn't even bring herself to hum. The very thought that she would have to watch the Lady die was enough to seize her throat.
But how could the Lady have foreseen her death? And how could she even die? She had such power... power that Sandrena could scarcely fathom. Using magic unlike any binding Sandrena had ever seen, the Lady had sealed the stump of Semorie's arm, leaving it rounded in flesh with nary a scar.
The Lady's mount, however, which had been picketed a short walk away, had been beyond her help after the attack.
And so had Caella.
There are limits to what she can do, Sandrena finally admitted to herself. Perhaps surviving this encounter will be one of them. But why did she have hope in Sandrena? Why entrust her with Motherspear, she who had failed before?
Sandrena looked down at the bleached bamboo haft, the white speartip. Such power.
But nothing like what she experienced in her vision. The god they hunted put such strength to shame.
Perhaps she, too, should recognize her impending death.
The cliffs that had sprung up next to the campsite now loomed all around them as they trekked through the canyon between them. Aside from their sudden appearance and the blood-red sky, very little seemed different. Sandrena wondered at this. From all accounts of those who had survived contact with the Madding Shores, more strange things should be happening to them the closer they came. Perhaps the Lady was mistaken. Perhaps what they were experiencing was a result of—
Sandrena didn't finish the thought. As she took the next step, her foot seemed to pass through the earth, as if the ground was an illusion. Her stomach lurched as she lost her balance. She fell forward, the ground rushing up—
* * *
She awoke to the sensation of falling. Her head was filled with blinding pain. She could feel the ground beneath her stomach, though for some reason she felt as if she were floating above it, not pulled towards it by the force of her weight. Something was tugging at her foot, grinding against her ankle through the leather of her boot. Consciousness seemed to flow through her fingers like sand. Reluctantly, she opened her eyes.
Chaos reigned all around her.
The cliffs were gone. The ground beneath her was the same ground she had been walking on when last she had been aware. Her leg had been swallowed nearly halfway up her thigh. This much Sandrena's mind could understand, if vaguely. Everything else...
Gone were the red-hued but otherwise normal clouds that had filled the sky before she fell. Liquid clouds of blood, like those in her last dream, swirled around her maddeningly, as if the sky were spinning. Flashes of red lightning danced between them.
A few feet in any direction from where her leg was trapped, the ground was sheared off, as if her little piece of canyon floor had been ripped out of the earth and sent flying through a nightmare.
Sandrena realized, as she saw other chunks of the canyon wall and floor careening about, seemingly as weightless as she felt, that that was exactly what had happened.
Pulse racing, she slammed her eyes shut. No. This isn't real. This isn't happening. Just a dream again. The ground doesn't just explode and float through the air. Clouds don't look like that. This is just the Madding Shores, wearing at me. This is all just an illusion, a trick of the mind. This isn't real.
She opened her eyes, hoping, expecting...
But the world did not go back to normal.
Sandrena gritted her teeth, gathering whatever fortitude that remained within her. She couldn't help what she was seeing. It didn't matter that it didn't make sense to her; it was still there. It was what she had to deal with as best she could.
Taking a deep calming breath, she studied the situation.
"Okay," she said, grateful for the sound of her own voice. "The ground is gone, and my leg is trapped in a piece of it. The clouds—" She closed her eyes briefly; she wasn't ready to deal with that yet. She opened them again. "Other bits of the ground are flying through the air. That wasn't in my dream... Motherspear—"
Motherspear was in her hand. She had held it through her unconsciousness and all this madness. Her grip on it tightened. It felt like a lifeline to sanity.
"The others... the Lady. Where are they?" Frowning, she glanced in every direction she could from her awkward position, searching for flecks of white in the endless tumult of red.
Nothing. No sign of any of her Sisters or the Lady. Despair filled her. She was alone.
No. She squinted, cursing her eyesight, as she caught sight of something floating toward her, something white.
Her eyes widened in shock as she realized what it was.
Dormaun, floating through space, a peaceful smile on her lips, hair rippling out behind her, eyes closed in seeming bliss.
Everything below her torso was gone. A ragged mess of pale innards spilled out, spraying globules of white blood through the sky.
Sandrena screamed. Tears did not roll down her cheeks, but outwards, no longer feeling gravity's pull. Even they were white, like Dormaun's blood.
She was too late for Dormaun. Were the others dead, too? Had it all been for nothing? Had she come to start caring for these women only to see them butchered before her eyes?
The tugging on her ankle became more insistent.
In a fit of fury, Sandrena stabbed Motherspear into the phantom ground that trapped her leg.
She heard sizzling, then a pop. A rattle of chains falling away, and then her leg was free.
She started to float away from her chunk of earth.
"That was poorly considered," she muttered as she watched it shrink in her field of vision. Oh well. Nothing to be done for it now. And it hadn't been doing her much good anyway.
Sandrena now had to deal with the problem of moving herself. She tried swimming through the air, to no effect. She would probably have to wait until she reached another errant chunk of rock, and push off of it in the direction she wanted to go.
But where did she want to go? She had no idea if direction even meant anything here, or at least anything useful.
A line of black shooting through the air caught her attention. She realized immediately what it was—a living chain. It was headed towards something. Sandrena followed its intended path with her eyes.
And saw a human form missing a left arm. Poised with a knife in its hand.
Semorie. Still alive.
Again, Sandrena tried to swim toward her, cursing the futility of it when she only seemed to thrash around in place. It reminded her of a time underwater, trying to swim, failing—
Something grabbed Sandrena's wrist.
She spun, whirling Motherspear to prepare for a killing thrust.
But it wasn't one of the chains that held her wrist. The Lady's silver eyes stared into her own, filled with relief.
Sandrena collapsed into her embrace, sobbing wildly. "Oh, Lady. You're alive."
The Lady stroked her hair. "Yes, for now. We must go. The god awaits us. He will not stop killing our sisters until he is dead."
Sandrena pushed back to look at the Lady's face. "Semorie—"
"Will have to fend for herself now."
"But I thought I needed them. How can I defeat the god without them?"
"There's no time. Come."
Sandrena glanced back at Semorie. She could barely make out the chain, which swirled around her, attacking from every direction. Semorie was handling it, if only barely. Sandrena doubted she would last long.
But then the image of the battle fell away. Sandrena was moving.
Or rather, was being pulled along by the Lady. She didn't know how it was happening, but the Lady didn't seem to have any problems moving through this world. One of the advantages of being one of Berahmain's divine agents, Sandrena supposed.
She watched Semorie fall away out of view. Helpless again. Tears drifted away from Sandrena's face once more.
She glanced back the Lady, pulling her along by the hand. The Lady's eyes were fixed forward, drawn to some destination which Sandrena could not see. The Lady's posture, still though it was, was clenched in purpose. Like a general facing a superior force, knowing that death on the battlefield was the best she could hope for now. Yet facing that fate nonetheless.
Sandrena knew how that felt. She had done the same that day at the pond. Because doing nothing is sometimes worse than death.
She gave the Lady's hand a squeeze. The Lady did not look back, but returned the squeeze in kind.
Sandrena knew then, like she knew that day at the pond, that she would be willing to die to save her.
She just hoped it wouldn't come to that.
Out of the corner of her eye, Sandrena saw a shadow racing along the clouds of blood. She couldn't tell what cast the shadow. Her heart gave a lurch. She knew, suddenly, what she was seeing. Four more shadows appeared around them, then raced on to meet at some distant point directly ahead of Sandrena and the Lady.
"He comes," whispered the Lady. Her grip tightened on Sandrena's hand.


6

The liquid clouds ahead of them parted, revealing a form wreathed in smoke-like shadows, a man-shaped form, so massive as to dwarf mountains, yet headless. Thrashing lines of darkness extended from its back like tentacles, though Sandrena knew what they really were. Her breath caught in her throat as she heard their metallic clanging.
From out of the center of the god's stomach extended a circular shape, like a shield. Sandrena was loathe to remember those yellow eyes, and the horrible, agonizing dissonance they brought with them. She didn't want to see them again.
The Lady didn't flinch at his appearance. If anything, the floating chunks of rock scattered throughout this land of madness only seemed to pass them more quickly.
"Tell me," the Lady said, her voice sounded somewhat preoccupied. "These dreams that you have, the ones that are not really dreams. What are they of?"
Sandrena hardly wanted to think about that right now. It was all she could do to keep from screaming in horror at the feelings this confrontation brought up in her. "If we get through this, I'll tell you all about it." She winced instantly, remembering that the Lady didn't expect to get through this day at all. Sandrena regretted the words as soon as they left her lips.
The Lady said nothing in response.
Ahead of them, the god seemed to loom larger by the second. Sandrena couldn't fathom how large he was. At the speed they traveled, it seemed they should have reached him long ago. Instead, he only seemed to grow. The effect was dizzying and disorienting, only making Sandrena's anxiety-knotted stomach feel worse than it did.
I have to be strong. For Laura. She glanced at the Lady's bronze-skinned hand, holding her own. For all my sisters.
She only hoped that her strength—and Motherspear's—would be enough.
Without a word, the Lady flung Sandrena forward, releasing her hand.
Sandrena shot toward the looming god like an arrow, with Motherspear as its bodkin. What the Tree—why did she let go?
The yellow eyes opened, and Sandrena closed her own.
If the universe had had a throat, it would have been ripped raw by the scream that tore through it.
The all-consuming shriek was unbearable. Sandrena felt as if her bones would vibrate apart, that her ears would begin to rupture and bleed. She ached for the sound to deafen her, so that we wouldn't have to hear it again, though she knew it wasn't merely a sound she heard with her ears. It was a sound that blasted through every fiber of her being.
Every nerve in her body came alive with tortured agony, yet where her hands gripped Motherspear, a tingling, cooling sensation trickled into her fingers, and began to spread outward. With all her might, Sandrena focused on this feeling of relief reaching into her, ignoring the god's soul-rending cry as best she could.
Abruptly, she smashed into something. Hard. Sandrena felt like she had fallen out of a third-story window... yet onto something softer than rocks. Something pliable and wet. The impact jarred her teeth. If it had been something harder, she would have likely broken bones.
Sandrena knew what she had hit before she even looked. One of the god's eyes.
Steeling herself against the painful sound, embracing the cooling feeling of Motherspear, she swung Motherspear into the eye. The surface bent inward, yielding to the tip of Motherspear. Then it broke.
A jet of thick, clear fluid, nearly hot to the touch, sprayed outward fiercely, throwing Sandrena backward to spin away from the god.
It was all she could do to hang onto Motherspear as she tumbled through space, covered with goo. She scrubbed at her face to clear it of the ichorous stuff, both so she could see better and to rid herself of something that had come out of the god's body. She was tumbling madly, sickeningly. She threw her arms and legs out, spread-eagled, and her rotating slowed to something her stomach could handle.
As she spun, she caught a glimpse of the god. Fluid continued to jet out of one of its massive eyes, but it seemed otherwise unaffected.
Sandrena had taken the opportunity given her, and had been unable to kill the god. Even Motherspear's strength had not been enough.
She did notice that the clanging dissonance had become a barely audible, yet somewhat tolerable hum. She may not have killed the god, but she had distracted it enough to interrupt its harsh song.
If only that were enough to save the Fourth World.
One of the large chunks of the canyon was rolling through the air towards her. At first, Sandrena thought it might swing into her and crush her. But if she timed it right...
She slid along its length, barely missed getting clipped by one of the sharp ledges.
Reached out.
Felt a stone come loose under her fingers.
A nail scraped, snapped loose. White blood dribbled out.
Cursing Berahmain, she clutched at another stone.
Hung on.
Sighing deeply, she clung to the rock's craggy face, and used the opportunity to search for the Lady or anyone else she could find.
Some distance away, two white forms flitted through the air with purpose. Sandrena squinted and was able to make them out. Korilia. And Rayell.
Both alive.
She nearly wept with relief.
But where was the Lady?
Sandrena's eyes cast about. Fear jolted through her when she saw.
Nearly a dozen of the living chains swam around the Lady, whose sword was fending them off in a dazzling, spark-strewing blur, creating a near-invisible, clanging sphere of protection around her. It wasn't perfect—the chains were occasionally able to dash in and strike her. Sandrena couldn't see very well from this distance, but she knew that the Lady was in trouble.
Sandrena may not have been able to save the Fourth World.
But perhaps she could save someone.
At the moment when the Lady had moved into her zenith, Sandrena launched off of the rock with all her weight.
As she neared, she determined that the Lady was also the destination of Rayell and Korilia. The paths of their flight began to come close to each other, close enough that Sandrena could grimly lock eyes with them.
"I'm glad to see you two alive," Sandrena nearly shouted. "More glad than you know."
Rayell nodded, saying nothing. Korilia jerked her head in the direction of the Lady. "I guess I've always known, deep in my heart, that I would fight for the Lady. Even if came to a choice between her and the Iron Gods." Korilia shook her head once. "All my life. What a fool I've been. She does not deserve to die in chains. She, more than anyone, does not deserve to be enslaved."
Sandrena knew what it meant for Korilia to admit that, what it meant to turn her back on the gods of her clan. Korilia no longer saw the Lady as something distant or intrusive. She saw her as Sandrena did—as a sister. And thus are Korilia and I joined.
Sandrena wiped the moisture from her eye and glanced ahead. She and the other two were closing in on the Lady.
Who was a-swirl with manic and ferocious violence. Yet even so, Sandrena could see that the Lady's strength was flagging. Her flashing blade was diminishing in speed, and the protective barrier such speed provided was weakening, filling with gaps that the living chains could exploit. What appeared to be quicksilver—but which Sandrena knew to be blood—smeared across the Lady's tunic, rolled lazily off her left elbow to drift off into the air. One of her silver eyes was swollen shut, the once-copper skin surrounding looking like beaten iron. More of the chains than Sandrena could count now encircled the Lady, creating an orb of dancing, flashing, grating metal, with the Lady at its core.
With her one good eye, she caught a glance of Sandrena.
She could see her name beginning to form on the Lady's lips. Sandr—
Her sword arm faltered.
The chains swarmed in.
The orb collapsed in a sudden metallic crunch.
Sandrena watched in horror. Motherspear began to drift from her fingers.
No.
No!
It couldn't happen like this. It couldn't! She had to get closer, to save—to do something... 
Sandrena began to thrash wildly, yet nothing she did seemed to make her go any faster. She started screaming and crying uncontrollably, punching and scratching at the air, damning everything yet unable to do anything.
"Spear Mother!" Rayell's voice was stern. "Get a hold of yourself! You still have a job to do."
All the fight left her in that moment. "I can't do anything. Don't you see? I already stabbed the god with Motherspear. It barely wounded him." She closed her eyes. "I'm a failure." Again.
"Idiot!" Rayell snarled. "Do you think Motherspear was meant for stabbing?"
Sandrena opened her eyes, frowned. Something Rayell said struck a chord. But what else could Motherspear do?
In a panic, Sandrena seized it before it drifted too far away from her.
A few of the chains lifted up from the orb like feelers sniffing their air, as if they were coming to detect the three women floating toward. In a rush, the orb exploded, and a hundred chains soared straight toward them.
Was Motherspear meant for stabbing? Sandrena didn't know. But she did know that it was good at it.
The chains attacked her in a frenzy, but Sandrena was able to fend them off with a flurry of vicious spinning strokes. She hadn't the speed of the Lady, but her rage was enough to make mountains quake.
It didn't hurt that the chains seemed to be afraid of Motherspear.
Dozens of flailing bits of severed chain floated away from the onslaught, their melted ends still white-hot from Motherspear's touch. Sandrena didn't dare take her eyes off her assailants, but she could judge by the grunts of exertion that Rayell and Korilia were still besieged—and still alive.
Her spear work had never been equal to her sword work, and the problem was exacerbated by the fact that she couldn't rely on her footing to help her—there was no such thing as footing in this battle. Only Motherspear, and her anger.
Saving the world—saving the Lady was no longer an option.
Avenging her was all that she had left.
Tree take my soul if every last one of these chains doesn't pay the price for my loss. Sandrena redoubled her efforts as her vow fueled her.
Mere moments later, the final chain succumbed to Motherspear's fiery kiss, scattering the last of her foes. Last, save for one.
The god still loomed in the distance, darkening her vision. But she didn't face him, knowing that there was nothing more she could do. All she could do was drift helplessly toward the broken body of the Lady.
After closing the final few feet between them, Sandrena took the Lady's body into an embrace. Gently, though she knew she could do nothing to aggravate the horrifying wounds.
The dead could feel no pain.
And Sandrena wept. She held the Lady close as the Lady had held her when Sandrena had had her vision, caressing what remained of her hair, smearing it with streaks of quicksilver.
Shattered bones. Shredded skin. She was nothing like the magnificent being she once was.
No one could have survived what the Lady had gone though. Not even a divine agent of Berahmain. Life had left her as surely as it had left Laura, on that day in a life that Sandrena had never lived.
"Oh, Lady," she whispered, sobbing gently. "Oh, Laura."
Korilia grasped Sandrena's arm to stop her freefall. Rayell did the same with Korilia. Both bowed their heads in silence.
And Sandrena began to sing.
* * *
It may have once been a jolly little tune, bouncing and skipping, playful and happy, a perfect counterpart to the utter blackness that had swallowed her. It could have been, but was not.
Nor was it hummed. She could not keep it within her, this song, restrained or filtered, but let it flow through, full-throated, squeezed out her soul by every muscle in her stomach and her lungs, by every tear in her eye and every beat of her heart.
It began as a dirge, funereal and gray, implacable as death and just as bleak. Yet threaded throughout these beginnings was a glimmer of hope, of yearning, of beautiful remembrance.
That thread of joy soon overwhelmed the darkness, washing it with blessed light. That light dazzled, induced shudders, created ecstasy that rivaled the voice of the one it was supposed to mourn.
An ode to those she lost could not be filled with pain. No, the memories of them could only bring her joy, and it was with joy that she sang of their lives.
* * *
The final note faded into absolute silence. She could hear nothing, not her own breathing nor that of her companions. The haunting dissonance that menaced this world was gone. All was still.
The floating chunks of rock had stopped spinning. The liquid clouds of blood no longer roiled. Even the metallic clang of chains that came from the shadow looming in the corner of her vision was silenced.
The world faded to darkness. Everything was obscured.
Everything, save Motherspear, which hummed with a warm, white light.
Sandrena closed her eyes, and then opened them.
She was standing on the parapet of an ancient keep, overlooking sweeps of mountains ranges, and valleys obscured by mists beneath an overcast sky. After so long floating through madness, though it had been perhaps only a few hours, the feel of stone under her feet was disorienting, yet comforting. Still in her hand was Motherspear.
Still in her arms was the Lady.
Sandrena stared in shock.
The Lady was whole once again.
Even so, her eyes were closed, her limbs limp, her chest unmoving. Unsure of what it meant, Sandrena gently laid her body down, setting Motherspear reverently down beside her.
Rayell and Korilia were standing behind her, and, to Sandrena's vast surprise, so was Semorie, her arm restored. All three of them regarded Sandrena with wide-eyed awe.
A distant roar of thunder and a tremor beneath their feet brought the amazement of their reunion to an end.
Semorie stepped forward, rubbing her arm where it had once been severed. "Spear Mother," she said. "The god. He was not defeated."
"I know." Sandrena turned to face the vista. "But you see, we are in my lands now."
Giving herself a few steps running start, Sandrena threw herself over the parapet and into the mists below.
* * *
The three of them gawked at where Sandrena had stood but a few moments before. Then Rayell threw her head back and laughed. "I guess that's why the Lady made her Spear Mother!"
* * *
As soon as Sandrena felt the mists kiss her face, she released herself into them.
Using the power the Lady had spoken of, Motherspear had brought her home, to the lands of her clan, the Mist Clan. Here, unlike anywhere else in any world, the mists granted her strength.
Here, she had power.
She could finish the task given to her by the Lady. She could put an end to this god of Aberrations.
He would die this day.
She rushed along, quick as the wind, her misty form curling around the stones and plants and creatures that inhabited her land. Each familiar touch imbued her with additional strength, additional purpose. She would not be turned aside.
For the first time ever, Sandrena felt like she could achieve something.
She could sense her soulbound sword, aching to materialize when she did, aching, as she did, to inflict woe upon her enemy.
Through the mists that ran through her and all around her, she felt the earth shudder.
He was coming closer.
Good.
Then she sensed him, looming like a shadow in her vision as he ever did. But this time she was not afraid. Even her anger had vanished.
Now she was eager to meet him.
Like a bolt of lightning, she shot towards him.
Arm materialized, and then sword, for the first quick slash of his dark flesh.
Perhaps it felt like a feather falling on a mountain. But with enough feathers, one could start an avalanche.
She slashed endlessly, relentlessly, arm and sword materializing and dispersing into mist as quickly as thought. The god's flesh was as hard as a tortoise shell, and thicker than Sandrena could fathom, but each strike got her a little closer to piercing.
The god, furious now, raised his massive foot and brought it smashing down.
Sandrena briefly materialized her throat and lungs so that she could laugh at him. Then she renewed her assault.
The god was learning what the armies of the other clans had learned in millennia past: march into the mists, prepare to die.
A cut of her soulbound sword finally found the god's inner flesh beyond its hardened shell. The god christened the ground with his black blood.
Sandrena sensed them then, what felt like shadows, racing through the mists.
But they weren't the shadows that haunted her in memories.
They were her people, come to help.
Every Mistclansman for two hundred miles would have sensed the god's presence rippling through the mists.
No longer was it her sword alone, but a dozen swords, then a hundred, grinding into hardened flesh, slowly devouring the god from the bottom up like a pool of acid.
And the god was helpless to do anything about it.
He toppled to a knee, crushing an acre of trees clinging to the bottom of a mountain's slope, the chains extending from his back flailing about him futilely. Once a hole had been made, the mists began to creep into him, bringing along with them the swords of Sandrena's people, burrowing into his insides like insects. He would be destroyed from within.
Then two yellow lights like suns appeared above, staring at the world with malice and hate.
A scream of dissonance blasted the mists away from him, carrying Sandrena and everyone with them.
She hadn't been prepared for that. She had thought her vengeance was assured, that the god was finally defenseless, as she so often had been. But his shrieking kept the mist away, and with it, any danger to himself.
Sandrena allowed herself to materialize, naked, as her clothes had been left behind by the ancient keep. She stared at the god.
Closing her eyes, she began to sing their song once more. As she had discovered it was meant to be sung.
The dissonance faltered and died. With the advent of her and Laura's song, the mists began to slowly drift back towards the vulnerable god.
But Sandrena could see that they would be unnecessary. The god's flesh was cracking, black blood glistening along the splits. Whatever gave his body form was slowly folding.
Then came the avalanche.
The god collapsed into a massive pile of carapace and viscera, tumbling down the mountainside, wiping out trails and trees as if they were spiderwebs, to lie in a gory heap at the mountain's bottom. 
The god was dead. What remained was inert. Defeated.
Gone.
Sandrena fell to her knees, smiling.
Two misty forms congealed into flesh. "Sandrena," said one.
"Hello, Father." She glanced at that one, then the other. "Mother."
"Are you finally back? Are you finally home?"
Sandrena rose unsteadily to her feet. "Go on ahead. I will be soon."
She dispersed into mist once more.


7

She found them in a library in the upper levels of the keep. Rayell was reading, utterly absorbed in some dusty tome, while Semorie lounged against one of the aged bookshelves, staring out the glass window into the grayness of the sky with her arms crossed beneath her breasts. Korilia, staring about distrustfully at all the bound volumes, noticed Sandrena enter the library first.
"Uh, Spear Mother," she said, "would you, ah, like some clothes?" A faint dusting of color rose to Korilia's cheeks.
Color. Yes, she could see it now; the whiteness of their skin and clothing was fading, the original colors slowly coming back. It was strange that such a thing would look remarkable on these women that Sandrena had come to know.
Sandrena nodded her appreciation. "Yes, Korilia, I would like that very much. And please. I'm not the Spear Mother anymore. I'm just Sandrena."
"All we've found that hasn't decayed into dust is men's clothing. Will those do?"
Sandrena smiled. "Those will be just fine."
Korilia stalked out the other arched doorway.
Rayell had ceased her study of the book and Semorie her study of the sky. Both were regarding her with open awe.
Abashed, Sandrena turned away. "Stop it, you two. It wasn't anything special."
"Yes, it was," said Rayell breathlessly. "You knew how to tap into Motherspear's power. You figured out how to use it to bridge our worlds."
"It wasn't really like that—"
"And," interrupted Semorie, raising a long finger on her newly restored left arm to emphasize the point, "you killed a god of Aberrations." She folded her arms again as if daring Sandrena to dispute that fact.
Which was something Sandrena couldn't do. Instead, she grinned. "I suppose I did."
Rayell placed her fists on her hips in mock admonishment. "Now, don't think you can strut around like you're cock of the roost!"
Sandrena burst out in laughter. Korilia chose that moment to return, glanced at the all the hubbub, and rolled her eyes. "Here they are." She handed the clothes over, muttering and shaking her head.
As Sandrena dressed in trousers and a shirt far too baggy for her, the moment passed, and her mirth fizzled. She stared at some point on the ground as she spoke. "I couldn't find the Lady where I left her. Where is she?"
"Down the hall, second door on the left," came Rayell's sober reply. She jerked her chin in the direction from which Korilia had just returned.
Sandrena nodded and made for the door.
"Sandrena."
She stopped and looked at Korilia.
A smile lit the woman's face. It was the first time Sandrena had ever seen such a thing. Rather than seem unnatural on the perpetually dour woman, it was beautiful.
Semorie and Rayell moved to Korilia's side. They all seemed to be waiting for something, and it was then that Sandrena knew that they would all be leaving now, to go back to their homes and lives.
The four of them silently embraced. It was farewell enough, for them and for the sisters they had lost along the way.
* * *
Once they had left, Sandrena went down that hall and paused at the door, bracing herself against the wall. Silent sobs took her. She didn't know if she could face her failure once again. Now that the god was dead, vengeance no longer gave her the will to go on. Even coming this far had been a terrible effort, but she needed this to put the pain to rest. She needed to bury the Lady's body so that she could move on.
Maybe... maybe then she could finally dream.
Dream of a life all her own.
She pushed the wooden door open and stepped into the room. What she saw there nearly stopped her heart.
A woman, beautiful, strange yet familiar, stood on the balcony at the other side of the room, overlooking the mists. Hands the color of bronze rested on the railing gently, as if savoring the feel of the stone under her fingertips, as if amazed that they would ever be able to feel such a thing again. Hair as white as Sandrena's had been danced joyfully in the mountain breeze sweeping over the walls and ramparts of the ancient keep. The woman turned, and Sandrena beheld eyes of silver.
Without smiling, without expression of any kind, the Lady said, "I wasn't sure you'd remember."
Sandrena gaped. Of all the things she had seen lately, this astounded her the most. She had seen the Lady crushed to pulp, seen all life squeezed out of her ruined body. But she had also seen her body restored, if not to life, then to form. And resurrection was not something that was alien to the people of the Fourth World.
A thousand questions assailed her at once. The first one that she could clutch onto coherently was, "Remember what?"
Then the Lady did smile. Her face radiated joy. "Our song, of course."
"Our... song?" Sandrena leaned heavily against the door jamb. Slid to the floor.
Alarmed, the Lady rushed over to Sandrena and gathered her up in her arms. "I— I'm sorry," she stammered. "I thought you knew."
Sandrena didn't know. She couldn't even think. The words entered her mind—our song—and everything seized up within her. "Knew?" she managed.
The Lady held her close, arms wrapped tightly around her. Sandrena could smell the Lady's hair; it smelled nothing like she remembered her little sister's smelling, her little sister from a life she never lived. Sandrena had always wondered if there was something wrong with her mind; why else would she have such strange memories, memories of events she knew never happened to her?
Yet she remembered them; they were her memories. They defined her as much as any experience she had had on the Fourth World.
All of that flew out of her head like leaves on the wind. All she was left with was this moment. Now.
With my sister, my true sister, holding me.
Tears fell from Sandra's eyes, onto Laura's neck. She returned the embrace, gripping her fiercely, remembering all the joy that little blond girl had given her in that other life, and silently thanking her for it.
Laura's voice was soft in her ear. "I knew you would save me again."
"Again? What do you mean? I tried to save you last time, but I didn't. I failed."
"No." Laura gently pushed herself away so that she could look into Sandra's eyes. She was crying, too. "No, you didn't fail. Dad came and got the water out of my lungs." She smiled, though Sandra could see the pain in her beautiful silver eyes. "He chased off the Second Hill boys, and eventually ran them out. I never saw them again."
"So... you—"
Laura smiled the smile that Sandra remembered, the one that righted all the wrongs in the world. "Yes. I lived, all thanks to you."
Sandra couldn't decide whether to laugh, cry, or tighten her embrace, so she did all three. Soon, they were out on the balcony, Laura telling her stories of her life after that day while the sky darkened. Sandra laughed when she heard how her father made a cart for Laura that the dog could pull and how she had taken many a spill out of it. She wept when Laura told her of the day mom died, trying to give birth to a brother who also didn't survive. She nodded in satisfaction as Laura told her what dad had done to rid the villages of Ian and Jonah, and gasped in shock when she learned that Devvy had murdered them.
"The last day I saw dad was the day I started walking."
"You... walked?"
Laura smiled, eyes abstracted as she remembered. "It was hard, but yes. The healers couldn't figure it out." She shrugged. "But I was stubborn. Nothing was going to stop me."
Sandra knew the truth of that.
"Sandrena," said Laura, suddenly somber. "I'm afraid I'm going to do something very cruel to you."
Sandrena stomach turned. She met the Lady's gaze. "You're going to make me forget, aren't you?"
"Those memories. They're from another world. They don't really belong to you."
Sandrena shook her head. "You're wrong, little sister. They are me."
"I'm not Laura anymore. I'm the Lady now. I have to make sure that Berahmain's plans are followed. You remembering that other world disrupts the order that the God fights for."
Sandrena had come into that room, planning on burying the body of the Lady. She had come here knowing that it was time to forget. "Will I forget this conversation?"
The Lady withdrew within herself as she considered. "Technically, I could let you keep it, but it wouldn't make much sense to you without those other memories. It will seem little more than an addled dream."
A dream.
A dream of my very own.
Sandrena breathed in deeply, sighed it all out. "Will you remember me? Will you remember... Sandra?"
A fresh tear rolled down her copper cheek. "Always."
Sandrena nodded. "Then let me remember this at least."
The Lady's voice was little more than a whisper. "Always."
"Goodbye, little sister."
"Goodbye, big sister."
* * *
When Sandrena slept that night, she dreamt.
She dreamt of love and loss, of tragedy and triumph, of life and death.
She dreamt of a little girl on crutches, whose smile could save the world.
When Sandrena awoke the next day, her dreams faded, forgotten.
She did not mind. She knew that the dreams would return, and give a glimpse into a world that never was, and a life she never lived.


About the Author



Though having only discovered fantasy fiction in his adult life, Brandon was raised on a steady diet of science fiction novels, instilling in him the sense of wonder that eventually culminated in his becoming a fantasy author. He has lived in Washington State for most of his life, though he currently resides in Japan, and received a degree in philosophy from the University of Washington in Seattle. Like many authors before him, he was attracted to fantasy for its ability to provide a backdrop for exploring philosophical themes, many of which permeate the stories of the Fourth World.

Please visit his website.

Like him on Facebook.

Follow him on Twitter.

Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer. Thanks again!
