The Immortal Wager Saga:  Pawns

by E. Michael Brehm

Part One:  Opening

The Immortal Wager Saga
Pawns, Part One:  Opening
E. Michael Brehm
Smashwords Edition
Copyright Eric Brehm 2014

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


FORTUNE

Fortune’s footsteps fell noiselessly into the mist as she strode down the corridor with Death at her side.  The cloud-shouldered castle of her father, Lord Sky, seemed especially mutable this evening; its walls and floors and ceilings churned with movement and changed in color as thunderheads prepared to deluge the unsuspecting world below.  Lighting rippled beneath her feet as she walked, then chased its quicksilver self away and into the distance.
“Our brothers and sisters will be jealous,” she said, her steps causing the misty veil to swirl about her feet, leaving a wake of raindrops as she passed.  
“When are they not?” Death asked.  He caused no noticeable disturbance as he moved.  Had it not been for the force of his presence, he would have left no trace of his passage at all.  “If it is not this, they will find some other petty grievance to bemoan.”
Above her, eagles with wings held wide and still circled on thermals of air that only they could detect.  “You’re being cruel.”
“I’m being honest.  Come, Sister:  It is a simple wager:  We each claim to be more powerful than the other, and we propose a game of caissa to settle the matter.  If they are jealous, they may make their own wagers.  We need not convene a council over such a thing.”
She nodded.  “There we agree.”
They came to the collection of rooms that made up her apartments.  The cloud walls parted to reveal an exquisitely furnished antechamber in shades of blue and white, almost an extension of her chosen clothing, the dark accents of the room perfectly matching her hair.  She stepped aside, allowing her brother to enter before her, then followed him in as the mists closed like curtains behind them.  
“I am only suggesting that the potential familial discord such a wager is bound to create might be diffused should we provide advance notification that it will occur,” she continued.  “We need not seek their permission, but any number of them do not like surprises, and they can be most unpleasant when they are perturbed.”
Death moved further into her chambers, coming to the sitting room.  He moved toward the caissa set along the far wall.  The board sat on an ornately carved pedestal, its black and white squares—nine wide and nine long—gleaming expectantly in the light of the star which peeked through her wall.  In their beginning positions along the back two rows, the pieces of alabaster and onyx—the castles, knights, cantors, kings, queens, avatars, and of course the pawns—stood complacently, waiting to commence the battles they had rehearsed for millennia.  A matched pair of dragonskin chairs sat one on either side, worn smooth and supple from centuries of use.
“It is none of their concern.”
“I did not say that it was,” Fortune replied.  “Though it seems fair to suggest that they might feel otherwise.  They will be angry.”
“Then let them be angry,” Death said.  “Truth be told, Sister, are you not bored?  Doesn’t the possibility of doing something different stir you toward some small measure of excitement?  I would prefer their anger to the placid and vapid interaction that shrouds our current discourse.  Wisdom with her smug superiority, Light smiling like a fool, and Father’s voice booming over it all, of course.  Let them be angry, Sister:  I would prefer an argument to more of the same countless days.”
“You might not get an argument.  You might get a war.”
“Come, over a wager?”
“You and I both know how difficult it can be to predict the responses of our siblings, not to mention our parents.”  Fortune frowned as she moved to fetch a decanter and looped the stems of two crystalline glasses between the fingers of her left hand.  “The wager intrigues me:  This you know.  Like you, I find our current situation wearisome.  I am merely saying it serves no real purpose to be secretive.”
“You’re afraid.”
“And you’re absurd, if you think that,” she said, her voice crackling across the space that separated them like the lightning that sizzled through the walls all around.  “If my company is so displeasing, you may leave.”
She turned her back to him and poured herself some wine.  She brought the glass to her face, savoring the bouquet for just a moment before bringing it to her lips.  
“Forgive my words, Sister,” he said.  “In the monotony that has become my existence, I find our proposed wager excites me more than I care to admit.  I am anxious to go forward, and as such I spoke in haste.  I did not mean to offend.”  
She turned back to him then, smiling slightly.  “As you say.”  She moved the rest of the way toward the pedestal and sank into one of the chairs, its soft surface welcoming her as an old friend.  “Back to our wager, then.”
“You’ll take it?”
“That depends.  We have yet to discuss the stakes.  They should be something encouraging, don’t you think?  What will you give me if I win?”
“What do you want?”
She lifted her glass once again, allowed the chilled liquid to glide across her tongue before swallowing.  “Your power.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“I can.  My own seems capricious.  All they pray for is good luck, of course, but I simply cannot work that way; if there is to be good, there must be bad by which the good is measured against.  But of course if I fail to deliver their good fortune—or worse, if I must deliver bad fortune—they turn against me.  To a certain extent it seems self-defeating.  By nature, I must disappoint, which weakens their belief.  You have no such difficulties.”
Silence hung in the air for a moment before he said, “It seems as though you’ve already given this some thought.”
“Don’t tell me you’re afraid, dear brother?”
“No, no,” he spoke quickly.  “You are perhaps right:  If the stakes are not high enough, what is the point in the game?”
“Then it seems you have also given this some thought.  If you win, what shall I give you?”
“Your name.”
She took another sip of the wine, hoping that her hand remained steady as she did so.  Names were his stock in trade; if he had hers, he could claim her at any time.  Suddenly, she had far more to lose than he did.  If she won and took his power, he would become superfluous, but he would not cease to exist.  If he won, however, it would only be a matter of time before she died.
But of course, first he would have to win.
“Done,” she said, her voice sounding more confident than she felt.  “I accept.”
“As do I.”
She reached for the decanter and refilled her wine.  “Incidentally, Brother, I cannot say I entirely approve of this new penchant you display for the ethereal form.”
Death laughed, though it came out as little more than a hiss upon the wind.  “As though the form you have chosen is any more corporeal than my current state.  Stripped away of all the trimmings, my dear, what am I if not ethereal?”
“You are a god.”
“Of course I’m a god.  But what use do I have for a body?  They fear me enough in any state; I am already little more than a phantom against which they hurl their little prayers, which—should you take my power—you will soon find tedious and disturbingly similar.  ‘Not today.  Please, a little more time.  I’m not ready,’ and so on.  To them I am little more than an idea, though I admit even in that state they find me potent enough; all I need do to claim them is make them think they are being claimed.  What use have I for a body?  What use have you, really?  None, and you know it.”
Fortune shook her head, setting the decanter down on the pedestal to the side of the board.  “Not so, my clever brother.  If you had a body now, for instance, I would be able to offer you a drink.”
He laughed again, which caused a smile to cross her face.  “I stand corrected, my dear sister.  But which one?  Perhaps this?” 
The air near the other chair shimmered and drew form, and Fortune found herself sitting across from a coiled serpent, ready to strike.  She scoffed.  “No doubt terrifying to the mortals, but the lack of appendages might make it difficult for you to lift the glass.”
“Of course.  This one, then?” 
The air shifted again and he became a corpse, bloated and gassy, its eyes all but plucked out by the insects which crawled over his skin.  She wrinkled her nose.  “Please, no.  Plague is so messy.”
“This one.”
Fortune leaned back in her chair, sipped at her wine, and favored her brother with a smile.  He had taken his natural form.  His hair was dark, like Fortune’s own, but where her skin was fair, his was a dark and radiant olive in color.  She had not seen his true face in some time but it remained as striking as ever, both handsome and boyish, like the mortals at the beginnings of manhood.  Tonight, however, he wore black leather armor that gleamed from a recent polish, and the hilts of knives and swords bristled across his body.
“Oh, I like this, Brother,” she said.  “Something new.”
“Yes.”
“A Talon.  It does seem fitting, somehow.”
“I’m glad you approve.”
“And such long, graceful fingers.  Will you take a glass, then?”
“Of course,” Death said.  He waited, smiling while she poured, then leaned forward and curled his fingers about the stem as his sister stoppered the decanter and set it aside.  “A toast then, dear Sister:  To new things.”
Fortune took up her glass once again, and the two of them pinged together softly above the caissa board.  “To new things,” she said, and they both drank.  “Shall I play the white, then?”
“Please.  I prefer the black, myself.”
“So it begins,” Fortune said, and she reached for her queen’s pawn.

GERGEN

It began as any other day.  Gergen awoke on his cot in the midst of the barracks, the stale air reeking of leather and steel, the exhaled scent of last night’s wine, the farts and belches of sleeping men.  He cursed the daylight for having come too soon and rolled over, pulling the blankets tighter about him.  He tried to find some small measure of warmth and comfort to coerce him back to sleep, but it was no use.  His back was stiff, his blankets thin and threadbare, and the fire—which only last night had seemed welcoming and jovial—had turned to dull grey ash in a cold stone pit.
He swung his legs over the side of the cot, then leaned forward and cradled his head in his hands.  Aging was like drinking cheap wine; one could claim happiness while doing it, but it made the mornings difficult.  He raised his head just a little, slightly opening his eyes to allow them to become accustomed to the morning light, and took in the sight of his fellow sleeping guards and a room of damp stone.  As often happened now that he had reached the middle of his life, his thoughts drifted toward the past.
In Adavinda, he would have awakened as naked as the day he was born, the smell of the sea coming through the open window on the warm tropical breeze.  He would have had a real bed, and he would have shared it with a brown-skinned woman with amber eyes whose breasts would be ample enough to provide all the pillow he needed.
He sighed.  He was no longer in Adavinda.  He would never be in Adavinda again.
Not for the first time, he rehearsed the litany of mistakes that had led him to Kersen and to Greydawn Castle, where even the summer mornings put a chill in his bones.  He found his boots underneath his cot and slipped them on.  Both their leather and the ankles inside of them creaked and popped when he finally stood.  He looked to his chamber pot and thought better of it.  Filling it would only mean having to empty it again, so even though his manhood was swollen and stiff with the urge to eliminate, he took his sword from where it leaned against the wall and snatched a cold biscuit from last night’s rations as he made his way outside.  
His sword was really the best part of his job, and the finest he had owned in years.  Gergen didn’t care much about the interdict; he had been a half-continent away and still at his mother’s tit when it happened.  According to the tales the old-timers told, those with both faith and means had left the realm overnight, leaving Greydawn Castle with more arms than men to wield them.  Four decades later that condition still persisted, which was why an old sellsword like himself could still find a blade of Nourellian steel to sport upon his hip.  As far as he was concerned, the interdict had worked out just fine.
Outside, the early morning air hung cold and thick with mist, as it always seemed to in Kersen; Greydawn Castle continued to earn the name.  Gergen couldn’t fault its locale, really:  It was far enough from the cliffs that no one could drop anything on the castle, but close enough that no one could mount an attack from that direction.  The river below the falls flowed swift and clean and cold, and kept them supplied with fresh water.  But the falls roared constantly in the background, coating everything with a layer of moisture, and shrouding the mornings in fog that sometimes did not burn off until close to midday.  Even in the midst of high summer, Greydawn could still find a way to be chilly and damp.  
If the stories told around the barracks were true, then once upon a time Greydawn had been a proper castle.  It still had all the required trappings.  The keep and the chapel were housed in the inner bailey, with walls separating them from the stables and barracks and dwellings of the small town that resided in the outer bailey.  It could have been any other castle anywhere, except a closer look showed just how far it had fallen.  The walls had been hastily patched a number of times—usually by robbing the stone from the unused chapel—and yet they still required further repairs that no one seemed in a hurry to make.  Any number of the town’s dwellings stood vacant, and even mounting a proper guard was difficult with the manpower they had.
Still, it was home, and had been for over three years now, the longest he had resided in any one place since leaving Adavinda.  Greydawn might not be much, but it meant a cot and a fire and plain but regular food.  It meant the chance to have a drink every now and again with men who might not be friends, but seemed close enough.  It was better than some of the other places he had been forced to sleep in his life, and after all of the poor choices he had made, it did little good to complain.  
Gergen found a spot on the outer wall and undid his trousers, pissing with his right hand and eating his biscuit with his left.  The wall already wept, the damp seeping into the very stones and then coming out again.  His own offering made very little difference except for the steam released as the warmth of it splattered against the cold rocks.  He held the last bit of his breakfast between his teeth as he tied his trousers back together, then turned and made his way toward the gates.  Crandall, his commanding officer, had already arrived, and Gergen raised a hand in greeting.
“Well, you’re looking almost fresh-faced this morning,” Crandall said, clapping the younger man on the back.  “And you’re the first of you louts to wake up.  I’m feeling generous today, so you get to choose.  What’s it going to be:  The gates, or the wall?”
Gergen paused.  He’d never been given the option.  Not that there was much to do in either place.  Once the fog lifted, the gates would mean a little more dust.  The wall, however, meant stairs, and first thing in the morning.
“Gates,” he said, and then moved to take his post.
Balderick and Davis showed up shortly thereafter, both of them looking as though they had spent the previous evening with only a bottle for company.  Crandall didn’t like Balderick, so he assigned the large man to the gates with Gergen, while he and Davis climbed the steps to the top of the walls.  
After that, it was another boring day.  Nothing seemed to happen in Kersen.  Before the interdict, two Patriarchs and a Matriarch had been chosen from Kersen, and being archcantor here had been a sign of prestige.  Greydawn Castle had bustled with life, its tournaments and festivals renowned throughout the west.  In those days, the walls had been repaired, and the chapel had been busy, its pews polished by well-dressed behinds and its floors cleaned by penitent knees.
Count Merrick had changed that.  You couldn’t live in Kersen for more than a fortnight before the old-timers told you the story so often you knew it by heart.  The Patriarch had died.  At the time, the Archcantor of Kersen was a man named Oswin, and there were many—Count Merrick included—who believed he might be selected the new Patriarch.  
As was custom, all archcantors were summoned to Nicanor for the selection.  A delegation from Gyasi, the realm to the north of Kersen, had come south with its archcantor so that the two priests could travel together under honor guard.  Flush with wealth and the prospect of a Patriarch from his home, Merrick had invited the entire Gyasian delegation to stay on while the selection process took place.  
Some of the old folks could still find their eyes filling with tears when they remembered the festivals that had been thrown while the delegation stayed.  The food had seemed never-ending.  The joust between Sir Landon Donegal of Gyasi—called the Bear for his prodigious strength—and Sir Tiernan Panchal of Kersen was the stuff of legend, as both men broke three lances and killed horses before Ser Landon had yielded.  They said the cheering that broke out when Ser Tiernan agreed to spare the Bear’s life echoed along the cliffs for three days.  Of course, old-timers said a lot of things.
Nevertheless, that was the last of the good memories for Kersen.  While hosting the delegation, word reached Greydawn Castle that a Patriarch had indeed been chosen.  But it was not Oswin Black of Kersen, but rather Lambard Comnena, who had only been a cantor before being elected to the highest post in the Church.  
Merrick had been celebrating prematurely; some said he was drunk and some not, but upon hearing the news he chose to publicly curse the Church in the presence of witnesses.  Once the news reached Ilaadris, Count Merrick had swiftly found himself excommunicated for heresy.  A prudent man would have sent a heartfelt apology to the Church Council and the new Patriarch, and even Archcantor Oswin, who had returned in the interim, recommended that course of action.  But Merrick had instead sent a message saying that the Council was unfit to rule and that Ilaadris was nothing more than a den of thieves, and that missive had brought interdiction down upon all of Kersen.  
Archcantor Oswin left at once for Ilaadris, throwing his lot in with the Church and not with his lord, and all of the lessor cantors had followed dutifully behind.  Since that day the Church had had no presence in the realm.  No services were performed, no rites undertaken.  Those who could do so had fled, of course, but those who could not had stayed, and had since existed in a place where they were banned from ever receiving salvation, where their deaths meant that Peace would be denied them and their souls would be forever given over to the Triplets of Agony, Torment, and Despair.
The Church had also forbidden trade with any member of its diocese, and so with one stroke of a pen it had doomed Kersen to both religious perdition and economic isolation.  Some trade had continued, mostly westward with the heathens in Zamora, but Kersen had been a realm in decline ever since.  Each year some peasants went missing, fleeing to some realm in the diocese where they could confess their sins and seek absolution, hoping for the promise of Peace to be restored to them.  Some farms grew larger as others moved in to take over, but much of the land lay fallow and unused.  Yields grew smaller, the land either overworked or underutilized.  Less trade and less peasants naturally meant less taxes, and so the cycle grew worse with each passing year.  The family line had continued—the current count, Maddock, was old Merrick’s grandson—but Count Maddock ruled over a land of poverty and want.    
Kersen had become a desperate land full of hard men and bitter women, protected by sellswords like Gergen who ‘guarded’ gates that almost no one ever passed through.  It wasn’t difficult work, but the shifts were long and dull.  Gergen tried not to think about what might happen if Kersen ever came to war, because in truth the realm would be hard-pressed to defend itself.  Perhaps the only blessing which the interdict provided those who remained was that they lived in a place no one wanted to conquer.
The morning passed, as many before had done, and nobody came or went.  Crandall and Davis took turns relieving themselves over the side of the walls, while Balderick and Gergen walked into the roadside bushes to do so.  The fog lifted as the sun came up, and still the four guards had nothing to do.  Balderick brought out a set of dice, and the two of them took to gaming while Crandall and Davis paced back and forth above them.
It was the same as any other day, until Gergen happened to look down the road on his way out into the bushes.  At first he thought his eyes were playing tricks on him, so he ignored it and unlaced his trousers anyway.  But it was still there when he laced back up again.
“Ho!” he called to his companions as he jogged back to his post.  “Do you see that?”
“What?” Balderick cried.
“Look down the road!”
Any change in routine was something new and potentially exciting, so Balderick and Gergen stood at the gates and peered into the distance while Crandall and Davis gathered above them to do the same.  Gergen could see little more than a dark shape and a cloud of dust on the road.  It seemed to be getting closer, but at the pace he was setting, whoever this rider was would need turns to make it to the gates.
“What is it, do you think?”
“Dust,” Balderick replied with his usual succinctness.
“Well, I know that.  What do you suppose is making it?”
“I don’t know.  He’s coming this way, but he’s not in any hurry.”
Gergen called up to his commanding officer.  “Ho, Crandall!  Put your glass on him!”
Crandall was old enough to remember the good years, more than a decade older than Gergen.  Still, his age and his rank entitled him to a spyglass, and all three of them stared at him as he took it out of its pouch.  He put the cylinder to his eye, twisting it this way and that way until he finally held still.
“Gergen,” he said sharply.  “Get up here.”
“What is it?”
“You saw it first, lad, now come see it.  Get up here, quick-like.”
Gergen moved under the portcullis and through the gates, cursing under his breath.  He just wanted to know what it was; he didn’t want to have to climb the stairs to find out.  Still, orders were orders, and it was the first bit of adventure he had had in weeks, so he moved to the stone stairway on the inside of the wall and began to climb.  Davis passed him, the other man on his way down.  Gergen raised an eyebrow, but Davis just shrugged and kept going.
Crandall hadn’t moved in the time it took to get there.  Gergen set his hands on his knees and sucked in breath; aging was not for the timid.  When he could breathe again, he stood and moved toward the older man, who held out the spyglass without even glancing in his direction.
“Take a look,” Crandall said.  “Tell me what I’m seeing.”
Gergen took the cylinder from him and brought it to his eye, momentarily disoriented by the size of the objects within the small circle of his vision.  He spied a tree, which was no help, so he swept the glass right and left until he found the dirt strip of road.  He moved along that until he saw the cloud of dust, and then focused on what was causing it.
“Mother’s tits,” he swore.
“You know what that is?”
“Well, I’ve never seen one before,” he said, “but unless I miss my mark, that’s a monk.”
“You don’t miss your mark,” Crandall said.  
Gergen heard something in the old man’s voice, and when he moved to hand the glass back he saw a tear roll down his commander’s cheek.  Crandall wiped at it hurriedly, and Gergen pretended he had never seen a thing.
“Why would a monk want to come here?” Gergen asked.
“I don’t know, but a Churchman in Kersen is a sight I never thought I would see again.  So you’ve got an errand to run.”
“Me?  Why?”
Crandall lowered his voice.  “One:  You saw him first.  Two:  As commander I shouldn’t leave my post.  And three:  That monk’s donkey is smarter than the two dolts down below put together.  You go quick now.  Make yourself presentable.  Wash your face.”
“Why?”
“Because someone needs to tell the count, and you’ve been selected.  That’s an order.”

ERINN

“My lady?  Are you coming down?”
The countess paused in her embroidery, taking a moment to insert her needle into the fabric so she would not lose her place.  “Is it time?”
“Well, no, to be honest,” Kayla—the one chambermaid she was allowed—said.  “I am told the rider is still some distance away, and traveling slowly.  But your lord husband has asked for you.”
She sighed; of course he had.  “Then it would seem it is time, after all,” she said, setting the needlework aside.  “Maston?”
“With your lord husband already, my lady.”
“Very well,” She rose and smoothed the front of her dress.  “Am I presentable enough to welcome a monk?”
“I—forgive me, my lady—I do not know the etiquette of such things.”
The countess smiled.  “None of us do, I fear.  Very well then, please lead me to my husband.  We may as well get this over with.”
Kayla said nothing, merely turned and moved out into the hall.  Erinn, Countess of Kersen, took one last look into her sparsely-furnished room, cast a longing glance toward her small fire, and then donned a cloak and followed.
All of this seemed ridiculous.  Only in Kersen, she thought, and not for the first time.  In her home realm of Teremun, she had seen Churchmen of all kinds and at regular intervals.  Every Firstday, she and her family had sat as still as possible on the hard wooden seats, nodding solemnly and attempting to look earnest while the priests had droned on about sin and licentiousness.  The monks she had known were docile creatures who kept bees and copied books and otherwise seemed to exist only to beg alms from local families, a practice which must have been successful, because in her mind she could not recall ever seeing a monk who wasn’t fat.  Here in Kersen, though, one little Churchman sent the whole castle bustling as though the Patriarch himself was riding toward them at the head of a full procession.
Like any newcomer to Kersen, she had certainly heard of the events surrounding the interdict.  She had had to gather what she could from servants and craftsmen, however; her lord husband rarely spoke of it.  Even one as untutored as she could notice the effects that falling out had had upon her adopted home.  She was by no means worldly, but she had been to other castles; as she walked through her own, she noticed the lack of tapestries and other artwork, which had been sold to meet expenses.  The torch brackets mounted to the walls held no torches whatsoever, since burning extra fuel was expensive.  She might be a lady in name, but she was no stranger to poverty, and Kersen had experienced little else since trade with the Church had been forbidden.
Her slippered feet stepped nimbly down the stairs, but she did not hurry.  Her realm might be a poor one and its lady might lack the niceties of formal etiquette, but appearances must be kept.  It pleased her lord husband when she played as proper a lady as she could manage.  She would do that much, largely because it was simpler to give him his way in these things than it was to have him rave at her when she did not.  If appearances were all that was left of both her title and her marriage, then she would cling to them and keep what peace she could.
She wondered sometimes if her life might have turned out better if she had honored the Church more.  It wasn’t that she was not religious—she prayed as often, and as fervently, as anyone else—but she refused to believe that the gods could somehow turn a deaf ear to her simply because she did not say those prayers inside of an actual church.  As a young woman she had chafed at the required Firstday meetings, preferring to honor the gods in the quiet of the woods or alongside a rippling stream.  It was one of the reasons she had not balked at being sent to a land under interdict.  As she had often told her lord husband in the days following their marriage, one did not need a church in order to pay homage to the gods.  
Perhaps, though, one did.  She had now been nine years in Kersen, and though she still found a quiet place to pray on a near-daily basis, the gods had given her no indication that they had ever heard a word.  
It did little good to complain, and in truth there were any number of people who would gladly exchange their lives for hers.  By many standards, she was quite comfortable.  She had her own room in a castle and servants to see to her needs.  Her clothing and food were simple, but she had them, as well as a place to sleep that stayed warm most nights.  None of those things were as fine in Kersen as they might be in other realms, but she had managed to fulfill the dreams that all of the young girls in her village had, including herself:  She had grown up to marry nobility.
Still, every so often—when she heard the kitchen maids laughing, or when she saw two lovers holding each other’s hands, or any number of other things like that—she wondered why she had ever believed that marrying a noble would be enough to make her happy.
Leaving the stairs, they entered what served as the main hall of Greydawn Castle, the first place it was possible for both of them to walk side-by-side.  Kayla went so far as to drop a half-step behind, allowing her to take the lead, as was fitting the lady of the castle.  They moved through the oaken double doors to the vestibule, and then through another set of doors and outside and down the steps to the bailey.
The late afternoon sun hid behind what remained of the chapel, only occasionally sneaking a peek while the building cast its shadow over the courtyard.  She hoped that wasn’t a sign of things to come.  Aside from that, however, Greydawn Castle looked as inviting as it could be made to look.  For the first time in years, standards flew from all three of the castle watchtowers, bearing an image of Greydawn itself against a lighter grey field.  Banners hung from the crenels, flapping in the light summer breeze, making the castle seem almost inviting.  If a closer look revealed that the standards and banners were frayed and thin with age, it mattered little; she found her spirits lifting just to see her husband make an effort.  
She moved toward the outer bailey with Kayla at her heels, a cacophony of sounds reaching her ears.  Laborers and even guards had been assembled to sweep the courtyards.  More banners hung on the inner walls, and some carpenters had hastily erected a small dais and were tacking bunting around it that probably had not been used since tournaments from a time before she was born. Once she left the shadow of the church, the sun was warm enough that she began to regret wearing the cloak.  Still, it was her best cloak, and it looked more regal than the modest dress she wore under it.  If she drew it about her throat it might even conceal her lack of jewels.  
She spied her husband quickly enough.  Count Maddock looked the part, anyway.  He wore chainmail that had been buffed to a high shine, with his large two-handed sword hanging at his back.  He remained fit despite knowing over forty winters, and he towered over most of those who served under him.  His long hair and mustache stirred in the light summer breeze as he barked orders at soldiers and laborers who scurried to and fro, trying to keep up with his many and sometimes conflicting demands.  She knew him well enough by now to know that the more he blustered, the more nervous he was, and she had never seen him this nervous; those who served him were definitely earning their keep for the day.
She recalled meeting him for the first time.  It had seemed as though all of the fairy tales of her youth had come together to form her own story.  She’d had humble beginnings, the daughter of a farmer.  Her father’s land was rocky and poorly suited for farming, though gods knew the man had tried; except for Firstdays, all she had ever seen him do was work.  When not farming, he tried prospecting, taking a hammer and pick to the stony hills around their home.
She had known twelve winters when his pickaxe bit into a vein of gold.  She had come into her womanhood at the same time her father came into wealth.  She had been young and beautiful, and her father had been flush with the sort of reckless bravery that comes from instant riches.  Count Maddock’s first wife had died of the wasting disease the year previous, leaving him without an heir.  Brashly, her father had had a letter drafted to the count, offering an extravagant dowry and her hand.  Everyone in Teremun knew there was no trading with Kersen, but a dowry wasn’t trade.  Her father wanted her to be nobility, and Count Maddock wanted gold, and so it was that as a young woman of thirteen years she had come to Greydawn Castle on a day in late spring, riding in a carriage purchased with the proceeds of her father’s mine.
The flowers had just begun to shake off the chill of winter and don their brazen summer garb as she rode into Kersen.  Coming from the south, she had seen the cliffs first, and of course the waterfall.  As they had drawn closer, Greydawn Castle had seemed like a tiny jewel, which had only grown more impressive and imposing as they traveled.  How far removed it had seemed from her former life in Teremun!  It was a real castle, and she would be its lady; she could still recall how her young heart had swelled at the thought.  When Maddock rode to greet her on his newest stallion, she could barely speak.  He had been so handsome, so large, as imposing as the wall of rock under which she would come to make her home.
He still was handsome, she supposed; other women told her so.  It mattered little.  After a few days of wedding festivities her fairy tale had ended quickly.  She should have known that a nobleman whose realm suffered from interdiction would have a far greater interest in the gold of her dowry than in her.  Oh, the marriage took place, and her dowry had managed to keep the castle afloat for a little while longer.  She had done her wifely duty, and had given her lord husband a son and heir the very next year.  Once that was accomplished, however, he had less and less use of her.  She knew he visited other women, or arranged for them to visit him.  She imagined he took more pleasure in them; she was as unschooled in love as she was in manners.  Maddock remained civil to her, mostly, but civility was not the same as affection.
Her father had returned home from the wedding and in less than two years his newfound boldness had seen him gamble away the family lands and all the gold within them.  Somehow, Count Maddock had come to blame her for that failing, and he stopped coming to her chambers altogether.  She kept on, managing her household to the best of her abilities, always keeping an eye on expenses, always finding ways to make do with less.  As her son Maston grew, she had pleaded with her husband to allow him a tutor, that learning his letters would be important one day, but no money could be found for such niceties, and her son remained as illiterate as she was.
She moved across the outer bailey toward the dais, where two wooden chairs were being set into place, a tall one for him and a smaller one for her.  
“My lady wife.”
“My lord and husband,” she replied, curtseying before him.
He gestured with his large right hand, turning a half-circle.  “What do you think?  Fit for a monk?”
“I think it looks lovely,” she said, and in truth she did; it added some color to an otherwise-drab existence.  She held out a hand to Maston and her son came to hug her about the waist.  “I shudder to think of what these people would need to do for a full delegation.”
“Agreed.  It is too much,” he said.  He smiled in a way that she didn’t quite like, something almost wolfish.  “But we must try to make our visitor feel welcome, I suppose.”
“Is there anything that you would like me to do?”
He turned his head and spat onto the cobblestones.  “No, nothing special.  Sit with me here, but I’ll do the talking.  Perhaps I’ll have a bit of sport with him first.”
“Nothing too rough, I hope,” she said.  “He’s only a monk, after all.”
“We don’t know what he is, exactly,” the count said as he moved to sit on his makeshift throne.  “We’ll have to wait to find out.”
She ruffled her son’s hair.  “Run off while you can.  But be back here before the monk reaches the gates.”  Maston smiled and scampered off in to the crowd, and she moved to sit next to her husband.  Ever the dutiful servant, Kayla moved with her, standing behind her chair on her right side.
“You pamper that boy too much.”
“If you say so, my lord.”
He stayed with her for another moment or two of awkward silence, but then found something that needed his attention, someone he could yell at, anything to keep from sitting next to her longer than necessary.  She rose when he left, and sat down again when he was gone.
You gods, she prayed silently, the words forming inside of her head.  Let this monk mean a change in my life, or I shall die of boredom.
She had no way to know it at the time, of course, but that prayer was both heard and answered.

GERGEN

Gergen stood on the opposite side of the gate from Crandall, who had decided that as the first to see the monk he should be the first to greet him.  Davis and Balderick prowled the walls above them, grateful that their morning shift allowed them to be included.  Personally, Gergen didn’t think meeting the monk was all that important, but it seemed important enough to Crandall, and it did no harm to do as the older man commanded.  In any event, his posting here meant he was spared the many other duties which the guards had been pressed to do.  
Gergen’s day had noticeably improved since witnessing the stranger who still approached at a snail’s pace.  He had cleaned himself up as best he could—which meant he had changed tunics and washed his face—and then been allowed into the keep, where he had never been.  His audience with the count had been enriching, as well; his news had been rewarded with a new helm and a cloak bearing the sigil of Greydawn.  The count had requested that he return to his post, and Crandall had ordered him to stay there, so he got to stand in the shade and do nothing while everyone else in the entire castle bustled about in order to sweep the courtyard or muck the stables or hang bunting in preparation for their guest.
Until that morning, Gergen had not known that Greydawn even had a sigil, but now he, Davis, Balderick, and Crandall all wore matching cloaks showing a dark grey castle on a light grey field.  After three years in the service of Count Maddock, this was the first time he had had any semblance of a uniform.  He liked it.  The matching armor and cloaks made them look professional, and in doing so made the castle look more stately.
Still, even though they looked professional, they didn’t have to act like it.  The four of them had long since given up any pretense at actual guard duty; until the monk arrived, there was absolutely nothing to guard.  The only thing there was to do was share Crandall’s spyglass from time to time, then send one of the others running to update Count Maddock with an estimate of the monk’s arrival
That estimate had been pushed back again and again as the morning progressed; the monk was proving to be a horrible rider.  The donkey seemed to be picking their destination, and was none too concerned about how or when they got there.  Midday had come and gone by the time the spyglass was no longer necessary, and it was close to midafternoon before the end of their vigil seemed at last to be approaching.  
“Is he drunk, do you think?” Crandall said in a low voice.  Horsemanship was greatly admired in Kersen; its mounts were practically the last thing of value it produced.  “What kind of man can’t even ride a donkey?”
“Maybe the donkey’s drunk,” Gergen said, and was pleased to hear his commander snort in response.
The monk was tall enough that his feet almost touched the ground as the donkey came forward.  In fact, every once in a while they did touch the ground, as the man adjusted in the saddle or seemed to try to direct the animal using that method.  But there was nothing remarkable about him.  He wore a dark tunic and dark breeches and dark boots and a brown robe made of poorly-spun cloth.  Gergen had never seen a monk before, and yet this man was exactly what he would have pictured if asked to do so.  The man had been traveling for some time; his clothes were dusty and worn, and he sported several days’ growth of beard.  Even his tonsure had started to fill in.
Crandall surprised him by drawing steel and stepping into the middle of the road.  Not wanting to be left behind, Gergen followed suit, the two men placing themselves directly in the monk’s path.
“Whoa, Jeffrey,” the monk said, pulling at the reins.  The donkey did not seem to hear.  “Whoa!  Jeffrey, whoa!  Damn it, Jeffrey!”
Gergen suppressed a smile at hearing a monk curse, and then tried not to laugh as the man simply gave up and scooted off the back of the donkey, landing on his feet in the middle of the road.  Once it had discharged its passenger, the donkey seemed quite content; it wandered to the side of the road and began to graze.
“Forgive me,” the monk said, smiling at them.  He pulled at his robe, trying to adjust it into a more presentable form, but without success.  “I’ve been fighting that animal for more leagues than I care to count.”
“State your business,” Crandall said, though Gergen knew the old man well enough to know that it pained him to do so.  His commander had been moved to tears just to have a monk back in Kersen; Gergen figured that if he hadn’t had a role to play, Crandall would have walked into the road and hugged the man.
“My name is Geiseric,” the man said, sketching a slight bow.  “I am a traveling monk and scribe in service of our Holy Church and of the Patriarch Lambard Comnena, and I have come to request an audience with Count Maddock.”
“I am Commander Crandall, and my associate is Gergen.  What is your purpose in seeking an audience?”
“Begging your pardon, but that is best kept between the count and me.  I am unarmed, as is Jeffrey.  We understand that you may need to search us.  Personally, I have no quarrel with that, but as you’ve already seen, Jeffrey has a tendency to make up his own mind.”
“Gergen, search the man for weapons.”
Gergen looked at his commander with surprise, but he did as he was told.  He sheathed his blade and approach the monk, who spread his arms wide as Gergen came forward.  The man stood placidly while Gergen looked him over.
“No offense,” Gergen said.
“None taken,” the monk replied.
Gergen patted the monk on his arms and chest, searching for hidden blades, but there were none.  He moved to the donkey and looked over the saddle and saddlebags, as well, but the monk seemed to have been true to his word.  The only thing he seemed to possess was another brown robe that was even dirtier than the one which he currently wore.
“Nothing,” Gergen reported.  
“Thank you, Sir Monk,” Crandall said.  “I hope we don’t seem inhospitable, but I’m sure you can understand that relations between our lord Maddock and the Holy Church are not the best.”
“Indeed.  Fear not, gentlemen.  I’m sure you have your orders, and I am not in the habit of berating a man for doing a good job at his duties.  Is it possible to see your lord?”
“It is,” Crandall said.  “Come with me please, Sir Monk.  Gergen, bring the donkey.”
Crandall led the way, followed by the monk Geiseric, and Gergen and Jeffrey brought up the rear.  The donkey seemed willing enough to follow him, and was docile enough now that the monk had slid from its back.  Gergen thought that perhaps the monk would do better on foot.  He would certainly travel faster that way.
If Geiseric was surprised to see almost every occupant of Castle Greydawn assembled in the outer bailey, he took it well.  Crandall led him across the open area as hundreds of eyes followed his every move.  Count Maddock and the Lady Erinn sat together on a small dais; a chambermaid that Gergen didn’t know stood behind her, and Tomas—the aged chamberlain of Greydawn—stood behind him.  The young lord Maston stood in front of his mother.  To the left and right of the dais, soldiers fanned out in a long line.  Behind them came the cooks, cobblers, wheelwrights, and other workers.  Many, like Gergen, were young enough that they had never before seen a Churchman.  He wondered what kind of impression they made on their visitor.  Among the older residents, the monk was looked at with a kind of reverence.  Hope was writ so large on some of their faces that Gergen forced himself to look away.
Crandall moved in front of the dais and stood up tall before the count.  “Count Maddock, I bring you the monk Geiseric, a traveling scribe in the service of the Holy Church and the Patriarch.”
It felt as though everyone assembled held their breath as Count Maddock rose to his feet.  His lord was easily the tallest man in their assembly, taller than the monk by more than a hand.  Gergen watched as his lord strode to the edge of the dais, put both hands on his hips, and spoke.
“Arms,” he said.
By the Triplets, what was this? Gergen thought, but duties were duties.  He dropped the reins and stepped to the side, his sword leaving its scabbard at the same time as every other guard.  All of the blades pointed directly at the monk.  Gergen could tell that Crandall felt uneasy, and Countess Erinn seemed positively horrified.  Jeffrey the donkey brayed once and trotted all the way back to the gates.
“I carry no weapon, my lord,” Geiseric said clearly.  To his credit, the Churchman seemed completely calm.  Gergen could see Crandall’s hand shaking.  “Your good men Crandall and Gergen here searched me at your gates.”
“After forty years, do you think it matters to me if you’re armed or not?”
The monk bowed.  “It seems that it does not, my lord.”
Count Maddock stepped down from the dais.  Behind him, the Countess Erinn looked at the count with obvious distaste.  She had clearly had no idea of her husband’s intentions.  Several of the townspeople seemed ready to come to the monk’s defense.  The count played a treacherous game; if he could not even hold his own people, the afternoon could get dangerous.  Everyone looked on with wide and nervous eyes as their lord and master strode across the distance that separated him from the Churchman.  He stood before the monk and drew himself to his full height.  The monk did not move.
“You’re a bit unkempt for a monk, aren’t you?”
“And I ask your lordship to forgive my appearance.  I was robbed on the road five days ago.  I did not have much, but apparently the brigands liked my shaving blade.”
Maddock traced a slow circle around the monk, his hands on his hips.  If indeed the count feared that the monk meant him harm, then that was a stupid move.  Over fifty blades were drawn, but not one of them could reach the count in time if it was needed.
“And why did you wish an audience with me?  Why, after all this time?”
“My lord,” the monk said, keeping his eyes forward, “with all due respect, I think that is something that is best discussed in private.”
“How unfortunate for you, then, that I rule in Kersen and you do not.  We have lived without your Holy Church and your Patriarch for four decades, and can do so for four more, if need be.  You will state your business clearly, or you will go your way.  Talk, monk.”
“Very well,” Geiseric said.  Gergen could only see him from the back, but he stood up straight and seemed utterly without fear.  It looked as though he might be addressing his words to the countess.  “My business concerns the same four decades you reference.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was not obligated to come here,” the monk said.  “However, I don’t think I am violating any portion of the interdict merely by being here, provided that I offer you no services of worship.”
Count Maddock completed his circuit around the man.  He stood directly in front of the monk and crossed his arms.  “Speak clearly.”
“I do not come to offer false hope, nor do I speak with the authority of the Patriarch, the Council, or the Holy Church.  But I believe I have found something that might—again, my lord, merely might—lead the Church to lift the interdict.  I came because however you decided to proceed, I thought it right to make sure that you knew.”
Gergen doubted that anyone other than Crandall, Count Maddock, or himself heard the last portion of what Geiseric said.  After the words lift the interdict came from the monk, the gasps and mumblings of those assembled drowned out everything else.  Some among the ring of swords began to lower their blades, then quickly raised them again as Count Maddock turned to look at them.  The count leaned forward, his massive frame towering over the monk, his face less than a cubit away from the man.
“How?”
“Again, my lord, with all due respect, I think that would better be discussed—”
“How, damn you!”
Geiseric took a deep breath, then exhaled.  “I believe that your grandfather’s actions and words against the Holy Church can be excused.”
“On what grounds?”
“Insanity,” the monk said.
The look that Count Maddock gave Geiseric in that moment was enough to make Gergen afraid.  He had a fleeting image of the count drawing his massive sword and running the monk through in front of all of them.  
But then the count surprised him.  He took a step back and looked to the guards.  “Stand down.”
The collective sigh of relief that moved through Castle Greydawn as the guards moved to sheathe their blades was louder than the sound of the blades themselves.
“Very well, Sir Monk,” the count said.  “You requested an audience, and you shall have one.  Tomas?”
Gergen had never heard of anyone at Castle Greydawn who knew how old Tomas was, and the man himself wasn’t telling; all anyone knew was that he had been chamberlain since before the interdict.  He moved slowly, but he still managed the castle’s affairs with skill.  Gergen watched and waited along with everyone else as the old man slowly made his way to the front of the crowd.  “Yes, my lord?” 
“You will give our guest Geiseric a room and allow him to refresh himself.  Find him clean clothes, if he desires, and food to break his fast.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Crandall?”
“My lord?”
“Choose one other and offer our guest your protection.  When he is rested from his journey, you will show him to my chambers.”
“Of course, my lord.  Gergen, you’re with me.”
“I am certain you can understand why I might not feel kindly toward the Church,” the count continued, turning back to the monk.  “I have no idea if I will feel any differently later today, but I will hear you out.  Welcome to Castle Greydawn, Geiseric.”
The monk bowed.  “Thank you, my lord.  I hope you will find my visit to be a valuable one.”
Count Maddock turned and walked back toward the castle without another word.  After a moment, the countess and her son followed, and after that all those assembled found better places to be.
“This way, sir,” Tomas said to the monk, and the four of them moved inside.

ERINN

The countess watched her husband pace back and forth, his long strides swiftly traversing the width of his chambers and forcing him to turn again.  She wondered how much time had passed since she had been in this room.  She had been here, of course, though she did not recall many of the objects in it.  The rug in the center of the floor was made from the skin of a lion, for instance; when had he acquired that?  Certainly she had never seen it before.  She had maintained separate quarters on the opposite side of the keep for all of their nine years as man and wife; even when doing her wifely duty, he came to visit her.  This room was as foreign to her as another country.
The whole room seemed an homage to manly pursuits, a room of dark stone and darker wood, starkly furnished with minimal attempt at decoration.  It was a purposeful room; everything in it was useful for something or designed to honor something, even if she did not recognize what either of those somethings might be.  Her husband was not one to waste time on those things that she might find pretty or charming; to him, they were superfluous.  She believed the room would benefit from a woman’s touch, but knew enough not to broach the subject.  He was not going to change it for her; he would simply tell her to do it in her own chambers, and then only if it was something they could afford.  
So she sat quietly and watched him pace, his male energy filling this male room, seeming every bit like trapped but dangerous prey.  If he would just sit down it would be more bearable, but he prowled the room, peering in every corner as though the answers to what troubled him could be found there.  She waited with her arm around young Maston, knowing that he would not wish her to speak.
“Insanity!” he cried, one of several outbursts which had erupted in the last quarter-turn.  He pivoted on his right foot and moved back toward them.  This time he actually looked at his wife and son, so she knew he was talking to her and not merely yelling.  “We’re standing there in front of the gods and everyone, and he announces that Grandfather was insane?”
She tried to keep her voice calm, and she kept her eyes cast toward the floor.  “Your people will not hold that against you,” she said, placing her hand on her son’s shoulder.  “They were so concerned with lifting the interdict that the reason for doing so did not matter to them.”
“But to announce it so openly!” he cried as he turned and began to stride across the room once again.
She hated conversations like these.  She supposed that a dutiful and loving wife would take her husband’s side in all circumstances; she had sworn to honor him, once.  But in this instance he was plainly and obviously wrong, and it might serve as a better lesson to point that out to him.  Perhaps he would like her better if she chose the former route, but throughout their marriage she had repeatedly taken the latter, though her efforts had done little to change him.  “My lord husband, he did request private audience.”
“I know,” Maddock laughed.  “Twice!  Gods help us all, I’ve made a tangle of that one, haven’t I?”
She ventured a look at him, and found him actually smiling, as though somehow pleased to have upped the ante between himself and the Church.  While she was worried that his little charade had damaged any hope of peace between the two parties, he viewed it as some kind of a game.
“Not so, my lord,” she said, sounding more confident than she felt.  “For his part, the monk seemed unbothered by it all.”
“After all this time. . .” her husband mused.  “How could I have seen it?  Perhaps I should have, but how could I, really?  It never would have occurred to me that a Churchman would come to Kersen to help us.”
“And why would it, my lord?  Everyone in the bailey was as surprised as you.”
“Yes.  Yes, they were, weren’t they?”  He moved back toward them once again, almost as if seeking their approval.  She found this new arrangement awkward and uncomfortable; since when did he need her approval for anything?  “This can still be salvaged.  By the gods, to have the interdict lifted is not something I would ever have expected, but if it can be done…”
She left him to his ruminations, and ran a hand through her son’s hair.  The monk’s idea sounded promising.  There would be no question that removal of the interdict would be good for the realm, particularly in the form of trade.  If the borders of Kersen were once again re-opened to Church business, their days of poverty might swiftly be banished.  People would relocate here.  The vast tracts of land that lay fallow and unused throughout the realm would be purchased, or at least worked; either would mean coin.  She had lived here long enough and heard enough stories to know that the realm had been wealthy prior to Count Merrick’s excommunication.  The Countess of Kersen could finally meet other noblewomen on an equal footing, and her husband could return to being one of the power brokers of the world.
That worried her, to be honest.  For while the increased exposure would certainly be good for Kersen, it also meant that she would be placed in a much larger role, and on a much larger stage.  She was a peasant’s daughter from Teremun, and Kersen’s solitude had meant that she rarely had need to interact with other nobility.  If Kersen was opened to the world, then the world could learn how poor and ignorant she really was.  While she had pressed the older members of her household staff to provide her what lessons they could, she had no idea how to behave at larger social functions.  She imagined herself as nothing more than an embarrassment; the idea that she was going to have to socialize with the elite of other nations terrified her.  
There was one other alternative, of course, but that was equally as frightening.  She might be spared having to entertain real nobles because her husband might put her aside.  He was of a noble line—however disgraced it had been for the last four decades—and if his nobility was restored, he might decide he needed a nobler wife.  She held no delusions that he loved her; she had simply been the best he could do at the time.  He never would have married her had it not been for the interdict; if the interdict was lifted, how long before her newly-prosperous husband tired of her?  The Church frowned on divorce, but annulment might be possible under such circumstances.  Castle Greydawn had almost never been a place of happiness for her, but it had at least been a place of safety.  If he put her aside, where would she go, now that her family lands were in the hands of strangers?
She didn’t wish to think of such things.  Thankfully, she was spared further consideration of that point by a knock at her husband’s door.
“Enter!” Maddock called.
The door opened to reveal the elderly head of Tomas the chamberlain.  She wondered—not for the first time—how the man managed all the stairs.  “My lord,” he said with a querulous voice, “the monk is ready.”
“As are we.  Send him in.”
The door opened the rest of the way and Tomas entered, standing to one side as the monk came into the chamber.  The two guards which her husband had assigned to him came next, taking up stations on either side of the door.
For the second time in under a turn, she had the opportunity to view a Churchman up close.  As she had noted earlier in the courtyard, he was thinner than any other monk she had ever known.  Tomas had found him some clean clothing, but this was little more than a grey robe in the place of his soiled brown one; the garment did little to reveal his form, but this Geiseric appeared to be quite trim, perhaps even carrying a fighter’s build.  He had shaved his face, revealing a strong chin and good features.  He could hardly be called handsome—the ridiculous tonsure saw to that, if nothing else—but she supposed he was somewhat striking, certainly more striking than any other monk she had seen.  He looked to be closer to her in age than he was to her lord husband.  And there was something alluring about the way the man moved.  Her husband’s motions were all about power—long strides, large gestures, and so on.  This man seemed to be about grace.  He moved like a cat moved, flowing easily and wasting little effort, and yet seeming to have quickness and agility hiding beneath the surface.  
“The monk Geiseric,” Tomas formally announced.
The Churchman stepped forward and bowed to her husband, then turned and bowed to her and her son.  “My lord,” he said.  “My lady.  Thank you for seeing me.  And for your hospitality.”  He fingered his borrowed robes.
“You are welcome at Greydawn,” her husband said, and managed to sound like he meant it.  “I ask that you accept my apologies for that display in the courtyard.”
The man waved a hand.  “Please think no more of it, Your Grace.  I had a long ride here to imagine just how such a meeting might go, and my imaginings were much worse than anything that happened.”
“Will you sit?”
“Thank you,” the monk said, taking the only other chair in the room.
“Tea?” she said.  It was probably her only role in this little drama, but she intended to play it well.
“Tea would be lovely, my lady, and thank you.”
“So, my grandfather was insane?”  Leave it to her husband to come right to the point.  She kept her head down and poured three cups.
“I do not think so, my lord.  I merely suggest that such a claim might be a way to lift the interdict, though it would require some work.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Allow me to start at the beginning.  Thank you,” the monk said as he accepted his tea and took a small sip.  “My lord and lady, I come to you by way of Gyasi.  The Holy Church is investigating the possible canonization of a former archcantor there.  I was assigned by the Church to move through the palace archives to see if I might find any information about the archcantor that might aid in that process, or any that might prove damaging to those efforts.”
She handed a cup of tea to her husband, who promptly set it aside without tasting it.  
“I don’t understand,” the count said.  “What does that have to do with Kersen?”
“Well, as often happens, research in one area led to a discovery in another.  Among the archives I found an old diary.  How it came to be there is impossible to guess; I suspect it was simply found within the palace and shelved before anyone bothered to read it.  Indeed, the author writes as though he believed it would not be seen by any other.  He never specifically mentions his own name, but it is clear upon reading that whoever the author was, he was a man of some rank—perhaps as high as a chancellor, or even a former baron.”
The monk paused for a sip of tea, then continued.  “The diary mentions the delegation from Gyasi which visited Castle Greydawn during the election of our current Patriarch, Lambard Comnena, and how your grandfather hosted that delegation for a month while waiting to hear the news from Nicanor.”
“Yes?” her husband said.  She could tell he was quickly getting bored.  Maston was, as well; her son fidgeted in his chair, looking like he wished to be anywhere but here.
“You understand, the diary does not go into specific detail.  However, it relates that while the delegation was in Kersen, an attempt was made on your grandfather’s life.”
“What?” her husband said, leaping out of his chair.
In deference to her husband’s rank, the monk had no choice except to rise as soon as the count did.  He moved so nimbly that not a single drop of tea escaped his cup.  “This attempt seems to have been secretive; there is no mention of using an assassin or any kind of weaponry.  To me, this suggests poison, though once again the diary does not come right out and say so.  Where the diary is clear is that the attempt on your grandfather’s life failed.”
“Who was Baron of Gyasi at this time?” she asked before she could stop herself.  
“Wallace,” both men said in unison, before the monk alone added, “my lady.”
“Though once again,” the monk continued, “I have no clear evidence that indicates that this diary was written by his hand.”
“Who else could it be?” Maddock asked, smashing his right fist into his left hand.  He looked up to notice that both she and the monk stared at him, and he once again took his seat.
“Begging your pardon, my lord, but there are others,” the monk said, returning to his own chair now that her husband had done so.  “Chancellor Anders comes to mind.  The nobleman Everett of House Garnet is a possibility.  We may never know.  But I did not come here to start a war between Kersen and Gyasi, and the Church would certainly frown upon such a thing.  I must be clear, my lord:  There is nothing in the diary that specifically mentions poison, and nothing that can lay such a crime at Baron Wallace’s doorstep, if such a crime even occurred.”
“Then why are you here?” her husband practically growled.
“Because the circumstantial evidence is compelling.  Before age took his eyesight, my father worked for the Church as an herbalist and apothecary.  There is a poison, my lord, called eyrdya.  While not as effective as others which are in use today—alicante comes to mind—it is cheaper, and was more widely used in your grandfather’s time.  It has largely fallen from use because it was so unpredictable; figuring the dosage was a common problem.”
“And?” Count Maddock asked, looking angrier with each moment.  She could tell that her lord husband was only half-listening, still ruminating over the possibility of war with their neighbors to the north.  She hoped the monk could talk him out of that.  He was such a bull of a man, tending to charge at whatever problem was in front of him.  Even one as unschooled as she could already tell this situation would require finesse, not power.
“In cases where an improper dose was administered, a common side effect was that whoever ingested it might live, but could be driven mad.”
Erinn watched as realization slowly dawned on her husband’s face.  Maddock even smiled, which was a rare enough sight.
“If what I suspect can be proven true, my lord, then it is possible—merely possible, mind you—that the interdiction could be lifted.  I recognize that it is not a comfortable situation to learn that an ancestor might have been driven insane, but four decades later, that insanity could be a blessing.  If your grandfather had been driven from his wits by poison, then the words which he spoke against the Holy Church were not the result of his own ill intentions, but rather a result of the poison.  The Church cares for those who suffer from all manner of maladies:  The sick, the poor, the infirm, and yes, even the insane.  And if your grandfather Count Merrick had been known to be insane at the time, it is possible that the Church would never have made a pronouncement of excommunication or interdiction in the first place.
“I wish to make myself clear, my lord,” the monk continued.  He set his empty tea cup down and leaned forward, his elbow on his knees.  “As it stands, I have a theory, and nothing more.  I cannot prove any of what I have just said, nor can I go before the Church Council and recommend that interdiction be lifted based solely on the diary of an unnamed individual in Gyasi.  Still, as a member of the Holy Church I believe that if a wrong is found that could be righted, it is my duty to try.”
“But you just said you can do nothing.”
“I said I can do nothing as it stands, my lord.  You do not have to allow it, of course, but I am here to offer my services.  If it please you, I would like access to your library and archives.  If I can find something here within Greydawn that corroborates my belief, then I will have two sources from two different realms.  That might be enough for the Council to take action.  There is no guarantee that I will find anything, but if it pleases Your Grace I am willing to look.  As you know, I am forbidden from performing any form of worship or rites while I am here, but in exchange for your hospitality, I can offer my services as a tutor to your son and anyone else you might like.”
“But this diary,” her husband mused.  “You said you were robbed on the road.”
“And I was,” the monk interjected.  “But I had this on my person.”  He reached inside his robe and withdrew an old and battered book, then handed it to her husband.  “As none of the brigands could read, I was allowed to keep it.”
Erinn watched as her husband fingered the small volume, his hands causing the aged leather to flake.  He didn’t open it. Her husband had never cared for letters.  Though he had never actually said it, she had always believed that he had never allowed her to have Maston tutored because he did not want his son to possess greater knowledge than he did.  Now, both his fate and the fate of the realm rested on a book of words that he himself could not decipher.
“This all may be for nothing, my lord.  And if you prefer, I shall find old Jeffrey in the stables and be on my way immediately.  But with a return to a full status within the Holy See as the possible outcome, I felt I would be remiss if I did not at least make you the offer.”
Erinn watched as her husband slowly turned the book over in his large callused hands.  Eventually he handed it back to the monk.
“Tomas.”
“My lord.”
“You will inform the household staff that this man Geiseric has full access to anything in the castle, excepting the personal chambers of myself, my lady, and my son.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Crandall.  And—tell me your name again.”
“Gergen, my lord.”
“The two of you will take the same message to the guards.  All three of you will offer whatever assistance he requires.”
“Thank you, Your Grace,” the monk said.
“Geiseric,” her husband continued.  “It is I who should thank you.  I thank you for the kindness you showed in the courtyard when I reacted poorly to your arrival.  I thank you for your offer, and I accept.  I don’t know if you’ll find what you’re looking for, but you are welcome to try, and welcome at Castle Greydawn.  I only ask that in addition to your search, you instruct my son Maston on his letters for two turns each day while you are here.”
“Of course, Your Grace.”  
Count Maddock rose, so she and the monk did, as well.  Erinn tried not to let the grin she was feeling carry all the way to her face.  Perhaps this monk would find the evidence he sought, and perhaps not, but either way, her son would at least begin to learn his letters.  She did not know how much the boy might pick up in only two turns each day, but it was better than nothing.  It was so, so much better than nothing.
“You’ll wish to start in the morning, I suppose?”
“If it please my lord, I’d prefer to start now.”
Erinn watched as her husband smiled again.  “Tomas, show our guest to the library before you speak with the staff.”
“As you wish, Your Grace.”
The smile was still on her husband’s face when he turned to look at her.  He raised his eyebrows slightly.  She wasn’t certain of his meaning, but she nodded, trying to provide him with some affirmation.
“Sir Monk?” her husband said.
“Your Grace?” the monk turned at the door and took two steps back into the room.
“Is it possible that my lady Erinn might also partake of your instruction?”
She flushed red, first with embarrassment that the monk would learn of her ignorance, and then with happiness that he might help cure her of it.
“Teaching two in these matters is as easy as teaching one,” the monk said.  He smiled at her, and bowed in her direction.  “If it please my lady, I would be happy to do so.”
He bowed to her husband, and then Tomas led him out, the guards following behind.

GEISERIC

Geiseric Cole loved libraries.
He could still recall with perfect clarity the first time he had seen the Great Library at Ilaadris.  He had been a skinny boy of eight winters, his just-cleaned fingernails scratching at the wool of his new acolyte’s robes.  Tears had sprung to his eyes to see so many books and scrolls all collected into one place, each of them carefully catalogued and labeled.  He remembered learning that he was welcome to read them—any of them—at his convenience, provided he took care to finish his lessons first.
The others had teased his weeping, of course; they were all the same age as he, and children of any age will attempt to make themselves feel better by making others feel worse.  It hadn’t helped that he was already different.  They were largely the children of wealth, second sons who did not stand to inherit or extra daughters unnecessary for political alliance through marriage.  They had been groomed for a life in the Church almost from birth.
He had not.  His father had been a miller in a tiny little hamlet in Jurrien, and Geiseric his only son.  They had never been wealthy, though he had never gone hungry as a child.  But his father had wanted more for him, and as an avid church-goer, he had arranged for Geiseric to be tutored by the local priest.  
Geiseric had taken to his lessons with a skill that had amazed the Churchman.  He read voraciously, whatever he could get his hands on.  The poor cantor could hardly keep enough books to satisfy him.  He learned his numbers, as well, proving adept at arithmetic.  Still, his father had never intended for Geiseric to join the Church; he simply wished his son to have an education, and perhaps grow more prosperous in business than he had done.
But when the mill caught fire and burned to the ground, taking his father and mother with it, the Church had been all Geiseric had left.  The priest arranged for his passage to Ilaadris, and he had joined the children of nobles who had come to the city from all over the Holy See.  They had spent that first morning touring what was to be their new home.  Geiseric had seen the chambers where he was expected to sleep.  He had seen the large training grounds, where the soldiers drilled constantly, filling the air with their shouts and the metallic ring of steel against steel.  They had stood huddled together quietly in the great cathedral where High Mass was conducted, and again in the smaller chapel where the Patriarch himself often performed services for the Anointed.  All of it had left him cold; a boy of eight with two dead parents could not help but feel as though the gods were at best indifferent and at worst malicious.  He had come to Ilaadris only because there was nowhere else to go.  
It was only when he saw the library that he decided he could give his life to the Church.  Even if they were indifferent or malicious, who could be behind such an accumulation of knowledge if not the gods themselves?  Who would begin the convention of securing wisdom, if not them?  As he stared at the massive shelves—some so tall they had their own ladders—he had wept tears of joy at this one wonderful aspect of what had proved to be an otherwise-disappointing creation.    
All these years later, a library could still move him.  Libraries signified the most remarkable achievement of man.  Man was the only creature that attempted to pass knowledge on, and a library was a monument to that endeavor.  Every shred of human knowledge—every theory, every practice, every discovery, every advance—all knowledge and all wisdom that had ever been known had been written down.  In addition were stories, fables, works of make-believe designed to entertain as well as enlighten, hymns and prayers to offer worship, drawings and paintings to preserve one tiny glimpse of life itself.  A library suggested that if a man had enough time, he could in fact learn everything; what could be more godlike than that?
Libraries filled his senses in ways that nothing else could compare.  Geiseric often found himself closing his eyes and just inhaling the scent of them, that rare combination of old parchment and dust, candles and the ever-present danger of fire, oil that had polished the wood of the tables and chairs and shelves, brass that hung in small plates here and there to label the works.  The sounds also amused him:  The rippling sound that signified the turning of a page or the unrolling of a scroll; the squeak of the chair as a reader shifted weight; the louder scrape of a chair being vacated and replaced beneath a table; the rattle of the ladders as they moved down their wheeled tracks; and—underneath all of those—the barely perceptible hiss of whispered voices, as though the humans moving among the ancient tomes recognized that silence and reverence were due.
As he stood in the doorway of this much smaller library and gazed at the chaos of a disused space, Geiseric thought back over the last several years.  Had he chosen differently as a younger man, he could have lived his life in libraries.  None other than Lambard Comnena himself had once declared that Geiseric possessed one of the finest minds that the Patriarch had ever known.  Unfortunately, another of the best minds—and, though it pained Geiseric to admit it, a better mind—served in his same class.  As an acolyte, Geiseric had devoured every bit of reading he could lay hands on, waking early and staying up late to do so, and somehow Cullen read more.  Geiseric went over his lessons again and again, earning some of the highest marks in Church history, but Cullen scored better.  
And—as Cullen himself so often pointed out—his father was not a miller from Jurrien, but rather the Duke of Akemi, one of the most powerful nobles in the Holy See.  He was rich and cultured, and all of the other children seemed to seek his attention.  Geiseric could never hope to be welcomed into such a crowd, so he had delved into his studies, only to find that the nobleman’s son eclipsed him at every turn.
Geiseric had no delusions about his own abilities; he knew them to be substantial.  Had he stayed in Ilaadris and kept to his books, his future would have been assured.  He would have risen through the ranks, becoming a cantor, and then an archcantor; perhaps one day he would have served on the Council.  But he would have had to watch as Cullen outraced him through every step, perhaps all the way to the Patriarchy itself.  Even that he could have done, if Cullen had shown him the slightest bit of respect as a fellow scholar.  But Cullen had taken such joy in being smarter, as well as in reminding Geiseric of his station, as though intelligence was a byproduct of rank.   
It should never have mattered; he knew that now.  Younger men have a tendency to measure their lives in comparison to someone else’s; older and wiser men recognize the only measurement is against oneself.  Still, he was but a boy at the time, and rash, and Cullen had been a constant irritant; Geiseric had looked at the prospect of a lifetime spent finishing second and found it intolerable.
And so, full of the fierce, impatient anger of youth, Geiseric had elected at age sixteen to go north to Nicanor.  The Patriarch had wept when he found out, and personally come to visit the young man on the night before the ships sailed.  But sail they did, and Geiseric had been on them.  He had applied his diligent study habits to new lessons.  He had been given a sword and shown how to use it.  He had dedicated the next several years to his fighting skills in the same way he had once dedicated himself to his books, and after five years he had returned to Ilaadris as a Talon.
He might still rise within the Church, though that mattered to him less and less as the years passed.  He would never be a cantor, but he could end up Master, if he lived that long.  The Council was even a possibility, though a very slim one; in all of recorded history only three Masters had ever been called to serve.  He would never be Patriarch.  It wasn’t forbidden, exactly, but it had never happened, and the Church valued its precedent.  
But his love of learning had never left him, and so his heart lifted a little as he stood in the doorway and surveyed the clutter and mess in front of him.  There would be many in Ilaadris or Nicanor who would turn up their noses to see the small, dusty, unused room with the broken shelves and the layers of mouse droppings that was the library at Castle Greydawn.  But Geiseric already loved this library, too.  Every library he had ever visited had provided at least one scrap of information that was not preserved in any other place.  Even here, buried beneath the broken furniture and the dusty layers of time, he might find something that he could learn no other way.  When putting together his mission, the idea that he would need to spend so much time in the library had been his favorite part of the plan.
First, however, it would need to be cleaned.  
“We have some work to do, Gergen,” he said to the guard that had been assigned to him.  “I won’t ask you to join me, but could I trouble you to fetch a broom?”
The guard smiled.  “You’re going to need more than that.”
“True, but we’ll have to start someplace.”
Gergen moved down the hall to bring what was needed, and Geiseric stepped gingerly over the threshold and into the room.  Already his mind was working, picturing the space as it would look when finished.  This was something new to him.  He could make this library into whatever he wished it to be.  He suddenly liked his mission even more than when he had begun.
He did nothing that first day except clean.  He gathered all of the books and scrolls to be had, blowing the dust from them and placing them in several large piles in the corridor while he swept the room.  The guard Gergen proved to be a good sport and an able assistant.  Together the two of them descended to the well to fetch buckets and soap, and the guard even pitched in to help clean the shelves, the tables, the chairs, even the floors and shutters.  He and Gergen made the trip to the well seven more times before he was satisfied, but when he was done the wood gleamed.  He borrowed a hammer and nails from the smith and mended one of the shelves and two of the chairs.  Then, working by lamplight, he returned to the corridor and began to catalogue the small collection of books and scrolls, placing them on various shelves.  
He finally released Gergen; there was nothing left for the poor man to do.  Geiseric intended to work well into the night, and in any event he could find his way back to the chambers he had been assigned without the guard’s assistance.  He thanked the man profusely, as Geiseric understood that Gergen had had duty since that morning.  The guard was dead on his feet, and grateful for the reprieve, but he promised to return on the morrow.
Once he was alone, he returned to the library and closed the door.
I am undressed and lying in bed, and you are not here.
He smiled.  Nor will I be for several more weeks, he sent back via the mindlink.  Though now that I’m picturing you, I certainly wish it were sooner.
Weeks?  Where are you?
In the library of Castle Greydawn in Kersen.  He moved toward the far wall and a set of drawers which were normally used to hold maps and other parchments that were best kept flat.  He opened the bottommost one.  
What in the name of the Triplets are you doing in Kersen?
With one more glance over his shoulder, just to be certain he was alone, Geiseric reached into his boots, withdrawing two slender knives from the inside of them.  It had been a risk—he had expected a search, but had no idea how thorough it might be—but he had been a Talon for so long that being entirely weaponless was a discomfort.  Still, he could not afford to have them found on his person, so he placed them beneath the parchments and slid the drawer closed again.
I took a job.
Without telling me?
You were at the farm.  Kira came from minor nobility in Akemi—she was actually a distant relative of Cullen’s—and oversaw a large plot of dark, rich land there.  The ‘farm’ was really her family’s country estate, but she didn’t like to call it that.
Geiseric Cole, she sent.  She used both his names when she was upset with him.  Our minds are linked to each other’s.  My being at the farm has nothing to do with it.   
He had to admit, she had a point there.  Not even the Talons themselves knew precisely how the mindlink worked; a squadron simply put their hands into the Old One’s water, and when they took them out again they could hear each other’s thoughts.  It was one of the greatest gifts which the Church could bestow, but even so it only linked them to the seven others in their assigned squadron.  It allowed them to communicate soundlessly in the field, and also let two lovers communicate over any distance.
I know.  I’m sorry.  The job wasn’t this complicated when I began.
But let me guess:  You changed it?
Yes.
So what are you doing?
You know we’re not supposed to discuss these things.
And you know that you and I are not exactly ones to follow rules.  So tell me what you’re doing or I’m going to take a lover.
Two years into their relationship, she could still surprise him and make him laugh.  Very well, he sent.  I am here to lift the interdict, kill the count, and start a war.
He could feel her laughter as it traveled down the mindlink.  Oh, if I had a copper for every time a man told me that…
He smiled as well, moving toward a different shelf.  He reached into a pocket of his clothing to retrieve the small volume that would verify his story regarding the poisoning of Count Merrick.  He knew it would verify that claim because he had written it himself, just as he had written the diary of an alleged Gyasi nobleman.  Perhaps he could have done this job without going to such lengths, but the Church had great expectations for the outcome.
Well, not really, I guess.  I’m just here to kill the count.  The Council will have to lift the interdict, and I imagine the war will take care of itself.  But I’ll be embedded for close to a fortnight.
As what?
A monk.
Gods help us, she laughed.  Geiseric Cole as a monk?
His writ had been clear.  The Church wanted war, and it was Geiseric’s job to provide the Church with an excuse to invade the heathen territory of Zamora in an attempt to bring it into the fold.  He had done the Church one better; why not lift the interdiction and bring Kersen back to the Church, as well?  Maston was a lad of eight; he would need guidance to rule his new realm, and with the interdiction lifted, who better than the Church to provide it?  The Countess would no doubt rule as regent for a time, but she had been a peasant in Teremun; the Church would not have to work too hard to bring her under its control.
In essence, his plan was very simple.  After forging two documents that would provide him with his cover story, all that would be left would be to assassinate Count Maddock and see that Zamora was blamed for it.  Maston would elevate to the throne, the Church would come to his defense, and with Zamora as the guilty party, war would ensue.  It couldn’t be simpler, and all that would be required of him in the meantime would be to spend a good deal of his days in a library.  
I have a tonsure and everything.
Ooh, she sent, stop making me want you.
It’s rather fetching, I think.
Come home.  I’ll show you something fetching.
As soon as I can, love.  As soon as I can.
Very well.  I’m sure one of these muscular farm boys will be able to take your place, in the meantime.
They will jump at the chance.
You know I’m joking.  But hurry back; I miss you.
I am kissing your lips from here.
I’m nude, Geiseric:  Kiss anywhere you like.
He let her know he was smiling.  Good night, Kira.
Good night.
She severed the link.  The love they shared still surprised him, and it scared him at the same time.  Their dalliance with one another was absolutely forbidden by Church policy.  Talons were not to form relationships with any other Talon in the squadron.  While allowed to take individual contracts such as the one Geiseric was on now, each of a squadron’s eight members depended on the other seven when working as a unit.  It was believed, probably rightly, that romantic ties between any two would jeopardize the missions and ultimately the lives of the other six, as a person would naturally wish to protect his or her love ahead of the others in the squadron.  
He knew all that, of course, and even agreed with it.  But he loved her anyway.
Night had come on far enough that he could get back to work.  Tomorrow he could begin the process of ensuring that the people of Castle Greydawn felt favorably about the Church.  For now, he stretched, placing his hands in the small of his back, then blew out the lamp and moved toward the window.  The castle was already dark, most of its inhabitants asleep.  Opening the shutters, he found the night warm and the moon bright; he had more than enough light by which to see as he nimbly swung his legs outside and began to climb the castle walls.
After a morning in the saddle and an evening in the library, it felt good to be in the open air and working his muscles.  Greydawn Castle was built from local stone which had been shaped and stacked centuries earlier.  Like almost all buildings of its age, the stone had been placed with irregularities, and the mortar had cracked and been repaired several times.  Both meant that Geiseric had a plethora of hand- and toeholds as he clung to the outside of the building.  
A drop from this height would be more than sufficient to kill him, but he felt no fear.  He took a moment to look out over the castle, noting that only four guards were on duty, two near the gates and two on the walls.  The nearby cliffs provided a good deal of natural shadow to the grounds, though the moon provided enough light to see the keep itself.  Still, if he was careful there would be no need for him to be seen; as a rule, people looked down, not up.  Even if the guards did happen to glance his way, the count had provided him with grey clothing, which blended nicely with the old stone.
He climbed on, moving higher on the tower.  Greydawn sorely lacked security; his trips to the well with Gergen had let him know that guards were not allowed in the keep.  They patrolled the walls and guarded the gates because they worried about those coming from outside.  Apparently the count had never considered that the threat might already be inside.  Nor had he been the least bit worried that the library where Geiseric worked was only two floors below his own bed.
The count’s chambers took up two stories of the tower.  The lower level held the sitting room where he had met with the count and countess earlier that day.  A private inner stairwell led to the count’s sleeping chamber.  After observing the count and countess together and overhearing several comments from the staff, he suspected that the two of them did not share a bed.
He kept climbing until he reached the railing of a small terrace, then pulled himself up and over.  This outdoor space was largely unused, or at least untended; while flora had been planted in various pots and planters, most of it was overgrown and in need of pruning.  He kept to the shadows and padded silently toward the door.
Geiseric smiled as he put an ear against the wood; Count Maddock snored loudly, the sound of it easily carrying to where he stood.  There was really only one last thing to check.  Geiseric put his hand to the door latch, and smiled wider to find that it wasn’t locked.  He pulled it open enough to see, and found the count all alone amidst the blankets.  As Geiseric watched, the count rolled over onto his side and the snoring stopped.  Maddock looked almost peaceful, but then he had no idea that in only a few short days he would die.
Geiseric closed the door.  All manner of things might come up over the course of the next week or two that would make the job more difficult.  Things go wrong with the plan.  He had done this for seven years now, and things always went wrong with the plan.  Still, if the basic preparation was done well enough, then the plan could almost always be salvaged.  At the moment all signs seemed to indicate that when the time came, this would be one of his easiest jobs ever.
As quickly as he had come, he crossed the terrace, descended the wall, and slipped back inside the library.  He continued on, moving toward the door, pausing only once to look back at the amount of work he had already accomplished in one day.
He loved libraries.  He was already looking forward to the morrow.

TOMAS

Tomas did not like to think about just how many times he might have made the journey up these stairs to his lord’s chambers.  He had never bothered to count, and now enough time had passed to prevent him from making accurate calculations.  He had been chamberlain for more than five decades.  His strides were not as swift as they had once been, but they remained steady and sure, though as time passed he found himself increasingly grateful for the smooth wood of the handrail beneath his grasp.
He had inherited the role from his father before him, as was customary; if his short marriage to Yvonne had borne fruit, his own son would long since have taken over his duties.  But alas, crimson fever had taken her barely a year after they had wed.  He had still been a young man then, or young enough, but he had seen no reason to marry again.  A new wife would have sullied the crystal pedestal upon which his memory had placed Yvonne.  She had been the love of his life, and because he had taken no other, she still was.  For Tomas, one love was enough.
He had spent his first twelve years as chamberlain under Mad Count Merrick, as he was now being called thanks to the monk’s story.  Geiseric had as yet found absolutely no proof that his story was true, but Tomas felt inclined to believe it anyway.  He remembered Count Merrick as a jovial man, slow to anger and quick to laugh.  The outburst that had condemned him and taken all of Kersen along with it was not something characteristic of the great man, who had been Tomas’ favorite to serve.  Nothing could recapture the lost years of the interdict, but Tomas thought it would be pleasant to have the former count’s name cleared.
Merrick had been a good man, before the alleged poison; his heirs, however, left something to be desired.  Count Medwan had been a pleasant enough person, though practically a simpleton.  His unfortunate riding accident had elevated Count Maddock to the position almost three decades earlier, and Maddock was—well.  It had to have been difficult to rule so young, and to remain ruler while the realm crumbled.  Tomas liked to imagine that Maddock was strong and bullish because that was the only way to hold his fractured lands together, but honesty would not allow it; he still saw the brash and spoiled boy in the man that Maddock had become.  Tomas would have preferred a softer man, a likable man, a man who honored the gods even though the Church was absent.  Still, his desires mattered little.  It was the not the chamberlain’s duty to like his lord; it was the chamberlain’s duty to serve.
His climb took him past the library, the door of which had been open now for several days.  Tomas approved of the work the monk had done; the room had not been so presentable in years.  The scene inside had changed little since the monk’s arrival.  Each time he passed, he saw Geiseric reading, a pile of books and scrolls scattered on the table where he worked.  Greydawn’s library was not large—or so he imagined, having never seen another—but the monk seemed determined to read every bit of it before he left them.  
“Good morning, Tomas,” Geiseric said, looking up from his reading as he had done every day for the past seven.
 “Good morning, sir.  Dare I ask if there is anything to report?”
“You may ask, but I’m afraid the answer is still no.”  The monk stood and stretched, moving closer to the door.  “Nevertheless, I will keep looking.  If the count should inquire, you may tell his lordship that one way or the other, my task should be complete in no more than a week; I have only about half of your collection remaining.”
“Very good, sir.  Enjoy your hunting.”
Geiseric smiled and returned to his reading, and Tomas continued up the stairs for one more flight.  He paused and straightened his tunic, then knocked sharply.
“Enter!” Maddock called, his large voice clearly audible through the thick wooden door.
Tomas moved the latch and stepped inside.  Count Maddock stood on a small platform, while the tailor Bethune moved around him with a length of knotted rope, taking measurements.
“Forgive the intrusion, my lord,” Tomas said.  “But a messenger has come, and I thought perhaps you would wish to know of it.”
Count Maddock looked up sharply; Tomas nodded slightly, allowing the count to know that it was the very missive he had been awaiting so anxiously.   
“Very well,” the count said.  “Bethune, we will need to finish this later.”
“Of course, my lord,” the tailor said.  Under the watchful eyes of the two most powerful men in the realm, the tailor scurried to gather his possessions, bowed to them both, and moved to the door.
“Is it her?” Maddock asked immediately, stepping down from the tailor’s platform and moving toward a decanter of wine.
“It is, my lord.” Tomas worked to keep his voice steady.  A chamberlain did not have to like his master, it was true, but this side of the count was the one he despised most.  He understood why the count had remarried after the death of his first wife; though Tomas had never done so himself, Tomas had never had the same responsibility to provide the realm with an heir.  What the chamberlain failed to understand was why—now that Maddock had a second wife—he still felt the need to take companionship elsewhere.  Maddock had taken the countess in good faith.  The lady Erinn had provided an heir and worked constantly to rear him well, despite her lowborn beginnings.  She was still young and had always been beautiful, but to his lord she might as well have been one of his prized horses.
“Read it,” the count said, quaffing a small glass of wine before beginning to pace back and forth.
He unfolded the letter and braced himself to begin.  Emptying his lord’s chamber pot was more pleasant than passing along words of passion from a woman who had no business writing them to his lord.  Such letters—from this woman, and from others—had become more frequent in recent years, and each time they came Tomas wished his lord had learned to read for himself.
“To my beloved,” Tomas began reading, trying to keep his voice level and flat.  “Too many days have passed since last we met.  I hope you will send me some word soon, or I shall perish of waiting.”  The aged chamberlain shifted from one foot to the other.  “The thought of your mouth upon mine is the only thing that keeps me going through this lonely time.”  Tomas coughed, putting a hand over his mouth.  “Forgive me, my lord.”
“It’s all right, Tomas,” the count said, seeming pleased at his embarrassment.  “I think perhaps I can spare you from providing the details.  Is the rest of it what I think it is?”
“It is, my lord,” the chamberlain said, feeling a small measure of relief.  “I’m quite certain your imagination will be able to supply the gist of it, if not perhaps the actual words.  In the main, she would very much like to see you, and as quickly as possible.”
Maddock began to pace once again.  His lord was not nearly the simpleton that his father had been—Tomas would even go so far as to call him crafty, if not necessarily smart—but for whatever reason he seemed to think better when he was in motion.  “That will be difficult while the monk is still here.”
“Indeed, my lord.”  He hated what he had to say next, but he was the chamberlain, and the chamberlain’s duty was to serve.  “Although the monk wishes me to inform you that his work will be finished in another seven days, if that helps.”
“It would help more if he would find something.”
Tomas shrugged.  “Whatever else can be said, my lord, we cannot fault him for being less than thorough in looking.”
“I know, I know,” Maddock said, rubbing his hands together.  “I shouldn’t complain.  The man is a perfect houseguest.  He eats like a bird and drinks only water.  He’s been diligent in his work.  He’s in the library from dawn to dusk, taking only a turn each day to move about the castle and learn its ways, which only endears him to the residents.  Did Gergen tell you that the monk attempted to scale the cliff the other day, just to see if it could be done?  That he actually tried his hand at making a horseshoe with the smith?  Having him here has seemed to bring hope to the entire castle.  By the gods, even my wife is happy!”
“I am told the countess makes good progress with her studies.” Tomas approved of the countess’ schooling, as well as young Maston’s.  He had no delusions that he would live long enough to see the young boy take over for his father, but he felt better—interdict or no interdict—to think that Kersen would once again have a literate lord.
“She should; she lives in the library only a little less than the monk himself.”
That was true; Countess Erinn had seized her opportunity for learning with both hands.  Tomas cleared his throat.  “In any event, my lord:  Shall I respond to the letter?”
“Seven days, you said?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Very well:  Send word.  I will see her nine days hence; just in case the monk takes longer than planned.”
Tomas bowed, clicking his heels together.  “As you wish, my lord,” he said, though it pained him to think of it.  It would be his job to write and dispatch a response to Ravenel, and then his job again to bring the lady inside the castle walls in secret.  He had little enough stomach for either task, but he would do his duty.

FORTUNE

Fortune walked contentedly through the Fields of Elysium, her hands held out to either side so they might caress the tall grasses and wildflowers that rose up to meet them.  She moved along a carefully-manicured trail that appeared as soon as she needed it and fell away the moment the last whisper of her gown had passed.  The path was dirt, but no dust soiled her pale blue slippers.
The summer sun warmed her face as she gazed out across a vista of pale green prairie grass.  Here she spied a Cornelia’s poppy, and there she saw the brilliant crimson of a small field of maidensblood.  Away in the distance, snow-capped mountains rose majestically into an azure sky, while small wispy clouds drifted on a subtle breeze, promising no threat of rain.
She did not hurry.  She did not feel Time the way the mortals did, their brief spans making them frantic with haste, chasing their days as though trying to catch a single drop of water in a mountain brook.  For her—and all of her kind—Time was more like the unending pull of the tides, an entity of which she stood outside, gazing at endless waves of possibility, entering and leaving those waters as she pleased.  She had memories for eons and in all directions, with knowledge of both any number of possible futures and any number of possible pasts.
She also moved slowly because quite honestly, she liked this place.  One of those possible futures said that someday she would end up here permanently, and she found the idea pleasant to entertain.  Some of her kin were already here, and it might be lovely to join them when the affairs of mortals were no longer her concern.
She was in no immediate danger of that, of course.  For now, the Church was strong, and its cantors kept the gods alive in the hearts of its practitioners.  It seemed a tenuous relationship at best, her very existence tied to such a small thing as the beliefs of men.  As they believed, so the gods became real for them, and the more they believed, the more powerful the deity.  Her father, Lord Sky, was among the oldest of those still living, and certainly the most powerful.  For how could the humans deny the sky itself, so plainly visible as it covered their little lives?  
And yet, even her father was not all-powerful.  There were those who were born blind, or who lived below ground or spent their days working in mines, or any other circumstances where they rarely or never experienced the sky—what use did they have for a god who served no purpose in their daily lives?  As belief waned, so did a god’s power.  If faith weakened enough—if, for instance, all of mankind was born blind—then even one such as her father could die.
In her own case, they believed in Fortune, and so she was.  They believed in luck, both good and bad, and they called upon her to influence those forces, and their belief that she could do such things made it so.  Of course the mortals had no idea they possessed such power, which she found to be a good thing.  She did indeed like this place and had no fear of dwelling here, but that was not the same thing as wishing to be here soon.
She began to see others as she traveled.  The prairie flowers gave way to rich and loamy farmland, its fertile soil being tended by laborers in the fields.  Children sang and laughed and ran among the small houses that dotted the countryside, their antics observed and occasionally challenged by the old men and women that slowly rocked back and forth in chairs near farmhouse doors.  All of them—farmers, laborers, children, elderly—smiled and waved as she passed by, greetings which she happily returned.  
Her trail became a road, lined with periodic trees to cast pleasant shade for her journey.  The air filled with birdsong and the scent of pine and lavender.  The breeze cooled her as she walked, and even chilled her at times when she moved into the shade, which only made the warmth of the sun so much more pleasant upon reentering it.  
She crested a small rise to see that the road moved in a straight line toward a gleaming white palace that somehow dazzled without blinding in the sunlight.  She came to the moat, so clear that the sandy bottom could be seen beneath the fat, lazy fish that swam by.  The drawbridge was down and unguarded, and she entered the castle walls and moved directly toward the keep.  At the entrance stood two handsome men of equal height, one blond and one dark.  They smiled and bowed to her as she passed, and she favored them by smiling in return, but as she passed the dark one looked worried; he shrugged and raised his eyebrows, but said nothing.  Still, it was her first indication that anything was wrong.
She moved past them and inside the keep, striding down cool marble corridors toward the throne room.  Her brother’s court seemed unusually quiet.  She realized that on occasions when she had visited in the past, music had always been present.  Her brother had a special fondness for the harp, but loutists, floutists, and all manner of other musicians had once graced these halls.  The air seemed still and somehow wrong, and wrong had no place being here.
She found her brother sitting on his throne, exactly where she expected him to be, but he sat by himself, head bowed, holding his forehead in an open palm.  He looked up at her entrance, but he did not smile, which was the first time in several centuries he had not done so at her approach.  Still, he performed his hostly duties, rising from the throne and descending the dais, his pale arms stretched before him.
“Sister,” Peace said, kissing her cheek.  “You honor me with your presence.”
“You’re too kind, Brother,” she said, kissing his cheek in return.  “But I daresay I seem to have come at an inopportune time.  If you don’t mind my saying so, you do not seem yourself.”
“You are right as usual, and I ask your forgiveness.  Your perception does not miss the mark, but that is no excuse for being a poor host to my favorite sister.  To what do I owe the honor of your visit?”
“I have come to beg a favor of you,” she said, looping her arm through his.  “But I see now that it can wait.  Walk with me a while.  Show me your gardens while you tell me what ails you, and I will see what I may do to assuage whatever troubles you so.”
Peace smiled for her then, the wide and genuine one which normally adorned his face making its first appearance.  Arm in arm, they moved out of the throne room and down a small corridor to a pair of gilded double doors, which opened to reveal sunlight on a large garden filled with fruits and flowers.  Two more guards bowed and smiled as they passed, the doors closing behind them.  
“Perhaps you are right,” Peace said.  “If anyone can help me, my dear sister, it would be you.  Though in truth I fear that even this is beyond your capabilities.”
She inhaled the myriad scents of the flowers around her.  His gardens truly were superb, and seemed to go on endlessly.  As long as one wished to keep walking, there was always some new sight to behold, some dazzling display of floral prowess.  Within a few steps she could not even see the keep from whence they had come, but rather stately trees and flowering shrubs, climbing floral vines writhing among arbors.  The drone of bees was palpable as they hurried about their task of pollination, though they existed only within earshot; she never saw a single one.  Instead, her eyes beheld sprays of color, the blooms large and beautiful.  Bright songbirds flittered in and out of her vision, while hummingbirds hovered nearby, their tiny beaks inside their chosen blossom.
“Perhaps that is so,” she said, turning her attention back to her brother, “but I will never know for certain unless you tell me what it is.”  She paused, leaning over to sample the scent of a spray of bellweather.  “Speak, Brother.  Peace should not know unhappiness, and this is not the way I am accustomed to seeing you.  You rule the fairest land in all the realms of time, and yet you do not seem content.  What is it?”
Peace smiled thinly, drawing his lips over his perfect teeth, though there seemed to be little merriment in the gesture.  “You speak truly, Fortune.  As you say, I rule a fair realm.  The beauty of that realm is built upon my ability to discern the desires of its inhabitants and supply the very wishes that fulfill those desires.  When their short mortal lives are over, they come here to find everything they ever wished is theirs for the taking.  And yet, while their desires are satiated, I find that I have fallen victim to my own.  My realm is lacking, and I do not know how to change this.”
“Lacking?” she said.  “In what way?”
“I have been infected with the same curse that has befallen others of our kind.  I love a mortal.”
Fortune turned to look at him, and found his bright green eyes looking back at her, filled with sadness.  Together they halted on their journey.  She took both of her brother’s hands in hers as the gardens buzzed around them.
“She is here?”
Peace shook his head.  “No.  Of the world.”
In spite of herself, Fortune laughed.  To show she meant no offense, she kissed her brother’s cheek, then took his arm once again and pulled him down the garden path, resting her head on his shoulder.  “You give me joy, Brother, for this is no trouble at all.  You have but to wait.  You need do nothing except allow her short little life to end.  Claim her before the Triplets do, and all will be well!”
“You are right, of course,” he said, though his voice radiated more anguish than hope.  “And yet my love for her burns so strongly that even that short wait seems unbearable.  If you could see her, Sister, the way her red hair shines as it flows down her back, the blush of her cheeks by candlelight…I am smitten, and the waiting you describe seems too long.  If I could but hear her laughter in these halls I would have no need for any of the musicians in my employ.  My desire for her is so great that I lack patience.”
Fortune plucked a pear from a nearby tree and bit into it, the sweetness of it seeming as potent as any wine.  She briefly envisioned living here one day, walking these gardens to her heart’s content.  She would enjoy that future, if it came.  But there were other things to do first.  She began to see a way to help her own cause by helping his.
“They say that anticipation merely makes a love grow stronger.  But,” she said quickly, holding up a hand as he began to protest, “I can see that in this case your love needs no greater strength than that which it already possesses.  Besides, I see a way out of your dilemma, and one that fits nicely with the favor I came to seek of you.”
Peace paused on their walk.  He moved to sit down, and a bench appeared alongside the path.  He gestured for her, and she sat beside him.
“What is this favor?”
“I was hoping…Well, there is no use dissembling about the issue.  I will tell you the tale from the beginning.  I have made a wager with our brother Death.”
Peace looked about, as though their brother might somehow linger nearby.  “That is perhaps not the wisest thing to do, Sister.  Who else knows?”
“At the moment, only we three, though I imagine word of it will spread soon enough.  Still, I would like to win this wager, and in order to do that I need to be able to defeat him at his own game.  I came here today seeking an army, Brother.  I came to ask you to find those who would be willing to go back.”
He looked shocked.  For a moment, it seemed he had forgotten his own troubles.  “They cannot,” he said.
She raised an eyebrow.  “They can.  It has been done before.”
He paused, his brow furrowing as he pondered her words.  “Well, in point of fact what you say is true, but this has not occurred in centuries, and never from here.  Of course there were occasionally those few who managed to escape the Triplets, but…”
“But it is possible.”
He looked at her sharply.  “They would not be what they were.  You must know this.  They would be far less than human.”
“And far more than human, as well.  What better way to defeat our brother Death than by using an army that cannot die?”
“That is not victory, Sister.  I give you full marks for cleverness, but you do not defeat our brother by becoming more and more like him.”
“It would work.”
“It might very well work,” he said, rising and beginning to pace the garden path, “but that is hardly the point.  Not even I know exactly what would be unleashed.  You play a perilous game, Sister.  As you say, word of this would not stay secret for long.  This will almost certainly upset our siblings, not to mention our parents.  Your wager will become a war, and I cannot countenance such an action.  You know how I adore you, my dear, but I cannot help you in this way.”
She nodded, but said nothing for quite some time.  The flowers really were quite lovely; if her time ever came to live here permanently, she might reside in these very gardens.  “I understand,” she said.  She allowed just a hint of a pout to creep into her voice as she rose to stand beside him.  “I won’t say I’m not disappointed, but perhaps you are correct.  I only thought that we might help each other.”
Peace looked at her.  “What do you mean?”
“You disapprove of my motives.  I can accept that.  But while I wish to support you in any way that I can, dear Brother, I also feel that I should remind you of what has often happened when those of our kind have attempted to win the love of a mortal.  So I am torn.  You know you probably should not help me, though I know the love you bear me makes you wish to do so.  And I am aware that I probably should not offer my services to aid your cause, though I cannot bear to see you in such a state.  Especially since it would be so easy for each of us to solve the other’s problem.”
“How would you help me?”
“I would bring you your love, of course.”
She rejoiced to see the flicker of hope which flashed through his eyes.  He might not approve, but he was listening.
“That is Death’s domain, not yours.  Perhaps I should seek an alliance with him?”
“And perhaps I should ask the Triplets to let loose their charges?” she said sharply, her eyes turning dark as stone.  “Perhaps they would refrain from trampling your lovely gardens as they passed through?”
“Sister,” he said quickly.  “I meant no offense.  I simply meant that what you propose more naturally belongs to our brother’s skills.”
“Not entirely.  I am Fortune, Brother.  But I need not be Good Fortune.  Mortals have bad luck as well, sometimes bad enough that they perish without our brother Death even needing to be involved.  It need not be anything tragic.  Sometimes it is as simple as being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“You speak of murder.”
“I speak of accidents.  I will not kill her.  But I can place her where such accidents might happen.  As one who rules a realm of the dead, surely you recognize that in order to join you, your love cannot be living.  I could have her here in a blink of your eye; it would be easy for me.  Just as it would be easy for you to grant me an army.”
“This is blackmail, Sister.”
She raised her hands in protest.  “I love you, dear Peace; forgive a sister’s love if it wishes to secure her brother’s every happiness.  But I cannot risk Death’s anger unless there is the possibility that I, too, will have some small reward.  Working together, the only thing that happens is that we each get what we want.  I do not call that blackmail.  I call it compromise.  The only question I seek answered is:  Will you let me help you?”
She let the question linger in the air as she took his arm once again and they began to walk back toward the palace.  He was silent for quite some time, and she thought it possible her journey had been in vain.  Well, not totally in vain; she had at least been able to enjoy the gardens.
“How many would you need?”
She worked to contain the smile that lifted the corners of her mouth.  “Not so very many.  Perhaps five thousand would be enough to begin.  No less than three, certainly.”
He nodded.  “I can give you three.”
“Then so shall it be.”
“And you can bring my love to me?”
“If I cannot, then our bargain is void.”
He stopped on the path and took both her hands in his.  He smiled at her, and kissed her cheek.  “We have a deal, Sister.  Deliver me the woman I love, and you shall have your army.”
“I cannot thank you enough, Brother.”
“How will this work?”
“All I require is her name,” Fortune said as they began walking once again.  “Begin your preparations here.  Give me her name, and leave the rest to me.”
“Very well,” Peace said, and he spoke the woman’s name.
Fortune smiled.  They reached the doors and entered the keep once more.  After the vibrant colors of the garden, the stone hall seemed as dark and silent as the grave.  “You honor me with your trust, Brother.  I will see that she is brought with all possible haste.”
She kissed his cheek once more, then took her leave of him and began to walk back the way she had come.  Like all return journeys, it seemed much shorter on the way out than it had on the way in.

GEISERIC

The chapel at Greydawn Castle had fallen into such disrepair that it no longer deserved the name.  Still, the building stood taller than most of those he had seen in his journeys to other realms; it was obvious that prior to the interdict a great many people had assembled here on Firstdays.  He could easily imagine how it would have looked, vast rows of pious faces looking up at the altar from their seats on the carved wooden benches.  The altar itself would have been bedecked with silver and gold—the Church was nothing if not wealthy, and liked to remind its practitioners of that—with tall scented candles burning in large candelabras to light the service.  The floors of polished marble would have gleamed in the candlelight as the people bowed their heads in prayer.
Forty years of interdiction, however, had not been kind.  The chapel was still populated, mostly by a coterie of pigeons that cooed and flapped overhead and left their droppings to fall upon what remained of the floors and pews.  The building was still well-lit, but now that light came from the summer sun, which beamed down through numerous holes in the roof to illuminate the decay below.  The wooden pews were mostly gone now, removed to be used elsewhere; those that remained had rotted beneath the rain.  Some of the marble had been lifted from the floor, and several stones of the walls had been chiseled free in order to provide support for other building projects.  Kersen had left the church for Time to destroy.  It struck him as a rather potent reminder of what had been lost; if he had been under interdict, Geiseric would have removed it entirely.
Still, he could be grateful that neither Count Maddock nor Count Medwan before him had ordered such a course of action.  With the chapel standing, it of course made sense to the people of Greydawn that he might visit it, and so the dilapidated old building provided him an opportunity for solitude that was not readily available in the keep.  He made certain to be seen working diligently in the library each day, a room that had become a model of cleanliness and organization.  He spent most of the daylight turns among the shelves, reading pieces from Greydawn’s collection when he was not tutoring its countess or its heir.  Even Gergen and Crandall, the two guards largely assigned to shadow him, had taken to sitting down and joining in on the lessons.  
Each day for roughly a turn, he moved about the castle itself.  He made his brief forays in the guise of a monk who was curious about the lives of the people who lived there, and that wasn’t a lie of whole cloth; he had always enjoyed meeting others and finding out how they lived.  And, almost two weeks in, it was fair to say that the people of Greydawn Castle loved him.  He could not walk anywhere without being hailed by name.  His turns outside began to stretch long, simply because so many people wished to talk to him and ask him about the Church.  
He remained friendly and kind, and made certain to ask a few questions of them in return.  The residents of Castle Greydawn had no reason to suspect that they were providing crucial information to an assassin who planned to kill their lord.  Thanks to those conversations, he now knew the schedule of the guards, and where they were posted.  He knew the outer wall could be scaled in the northwest corner thanks to an oak tree that had been allowed to grow outside, and that a mere thirty strides might allow him to descend from the walls unseen by dropping onto the roof of the smithy, then to the roof of the tailor shop, and from there a short descent to the ground.
The walls to the inner bailey were even easier, for they were breached.  A large crack had appeared where the ancient mortar had begun to crumble.  Stones had been removed to ready a repair that had never been completed, resulting in a rough archway that one could simply walk through.  From there it was but a short jaunt to the chapel, and moving through its dusty and filth-spattered aisle would bring him out the other side, not ten steps away from the entrance to the keep’s kitchens.  The doors barred from the inside, but Maisie the head cook tended to leave them open so that local farmers would have an easier time dropping off their wares in the mornings.  
All in all, he was ready.  His twelve days within Castle Greydawn had been a huge success.  He had gained all the information he needed while endearing himself—and therefore the Church—to the populace.  He had found his entrance point, planned his escape route, even knew the horse he would be stealing to make the journey back to Ilaadris go more quickly.  The only thing left to do now was remove himself from the castle to make certain that no suspicion could fall on him, and then return to execute Count Maddock.
Back in Ilaadris, that mission would pay him two silvers, a rather substantial sum, but in the meantime he had already done quite well for himself.  He moved closer to the altar and knelt behind it.  Even within the Church, there were very few that knew that each altar contained a hidden compartment for the holiest of relics, so he anticipated that no one would disturb the small collection of books he had removed from the library.
Technically, of course, such thefts were sinful.  The Church did not countenance stealing, and Talons were under strict orders as to what they could and could not do in terms of collecting wealth while on assignment.  But books were not an item that the Church considered wealth—an odd belief for those who had built the Great Library—and Geiseric told himself, as he did every time, that this was not so much theft as it was relocation.  He would read these books and study them, and then someday he would donate them.  It was still a sin, but it was such a minor one, in the grand scheme of things.  He could hope that the gods would forgive him when his time came, and that they would acknowledge how loyal a Church servant he had been in other aspects.
He released the catch beneath the altar and opened the compartment.  Greydawn’s library had been a treasure trove, no doubt a combination of once having had massive Church influence coupled with four decades of disuse.  No one in the castle had a clue about what they owned, which had made Geiseric’s thievery that much easier.
He reached into his tunic, drawing out a volume of Laperia’s Aurelitan, considered the master biography of the ancient Sarhan emperor.  He added it to the three other books he had already pilfered:  a book of poetry by Ramli; a copy of Suchin’s Lives of the Patriarchs, detailing the Church leaders from the Church’s inception through to Patriarch Taborus Tahseen; and—without question his greatest find—the third volume of Rohana’s Aesthetics.  He had seen the first volume in the Great Library, but the second and third had been thought to be lost; Greydawn had provided him with what might in fact be the only copy in existence.
He suppressed a smile and secreted the books away, replacing the panel beneath the altar and standing up once again.  It was getting to be time to move.  He kicked at what remained of the marble floor, sending up a cloud of dust to obscure some of the footprints he had left behind.  He still had several turns of daylight left.  It was time to find the proof he had been looking for.  
Leaving the pigeons to coo at his departure, he turned and walked back to the keep.

ERINN

“The time is late, and warm the bed,
And I shall go lie down my head.
And though I start to count at sheep
I get to three, then fall asleep.”
“Excellent work, my lord,” the monk said to her son, though Maston seemed not to care.
“Can I go now?” the child said, turning toward her.
“You may not,” Erinn said, ruffling his hair.  “Your father insists that you do two turns each day, and you have not done so.”  
“But it’s so boring.”
She turned to Geiseric to gauge his reaction—it was really nothing even close to boring—but the monk only smiled and shook his head.  
“It often seems that way in the beginning,” Geiseric said, “but I assure you better things are coming.  Perhaps I simply need to find you more agreeable subject matter.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that maybe poetry isn’t for you at this point, and I should find stories more suited to you.  What interests you, my lord?  What do you like?”
“Battle,” Maston said, perking up.  “Are there stories about battles?”
“There are many of those, but I am not so certain there are many in this library.  Still, I will see what I can find for our next lesson.”
“I’m going to be a great warrior,” Maston said, smiling at them both.  “I’m going to fight in many battles and win them all!”
Geiseric laughed.  “Don’t be too hasty.  It always seems as though battle is easy before we fight them; I have met many a man after a battle, and it does not always go the way we think it will.”
“Well, my battles will.”
“I don’t doubt it, my lord, especially since you are learning to read.”
Maston looked to her and then back to the monk.  “What does reading have to do with battle?”
“Maston, you go too far,” she said.
“It’s all right, my lady,” Geiseric said, smiling at her.  “The young lord does have a point.  Reading might not have very much to do with the battle itself, but it can have much to do with the planning before a battle.”
Maston cast a dubious eye toward the monk.  “How?”
“Well, suppose one has an excellent supply of armored knights to serve as cavalry,” Geiseric said.  “Would it not be wise to study the tactics of the general whose cavalry was never defeated?  That would be General Borrin, who lived in Jurrien almost two thousand years ago.  As an older man, when his fighting days were done, he wrote down a detailed account of every campaign in which he fought.  The manuscript is very well-written; it is almost as if you are receiving private lessons from the greatest cavalry commander who ever lived.”
“It is?”
“It is.  One can read that, or the maps detailing the early battles of the Sarhan Republic.  One can read Aurelitan’s account of his conquest of that Republic and the founding of the Empire.  All manner of generals have written about their exploits.  A man who could read and who had the time might become the greatest warrior the world had ever seen.”
“That will be me!”
“Perhaps it will.  If you keep to your lessons, then someday it will be you who writes down the stories of all the battles he has won.  But now it is your lady mother’s turn.  If it please you, Lady Erinn.”
She turned to the small volume of poetry in front of her and began to read.
“My heart’s true love has not the greatest strength,
And yet his arms content to hold me tight.
His stride will never be the longest length,
And yet I smile when he strides into sight.
He has not looks, nor …”
“Courtly,” Geiseric hinted softly.
“He has not looks, nor courtly manners he,
Nor charm, nor grace, nor anything refined.
And yet my heart will his forever be,
For my love harbors an exquisite mind.”
“Truly, excellent, as well,” Geiseric said.  “Now, what shall we try next?”
“Battles!” Maston yelled.
“We’ll see.  We must work with what we have.”
The monk turned to the shelves, for which she was grateful; he would not be able to see her flush red to the roots of her hair at his praise.  Her heart fluttered in her chest, tamping down the slight measure of disappointment that she felt that he had not paid attention to the words.  Or rather, he had not paid attention to the meaning behind her words.  She had chosen the poem specifically from a group of many others in the volume.  It was poorly constructed and somewhat lengthy—after twelve days of study, she felt she should no longer take the easiest of nursery rhymes—but she had largely chosen it because it in part expressed what she had difficulty doing herself.  
It wasn’t the perfect poem for the task, she knew, and yet her limited skill with letters prevented her from attempting something more close to the truth.  Because of course the truth was that Geiseric did have courtly manners; he never failed to be anything but attentive and courteous to her.  And he did have charm, and grace.  He was easily the most refined man in all of Castle Greydawn.  She liked his stride, so cat-like and poised, and while she had never felt his arms around her, she imagined his embrace would be tender and welcoming, like the rest of him.  She still did not cherish the look of his tonsure, and yet the more time she spent with him, the more handsome she found him to be.  Still, she had chosen the poem for the last two lines.  His mind was exquisite, or so it seemed to one as untutored as she had been her whole life.
The gods help her, she was falling in love with a monk.
As per her husband’s instructions, she had arrived for her lessons with Maston in tow on the monk’s second day.  She had been in the library once since her arrival nine years earlier, but that dusty, cluttered room had been nothing like the one she saw now that Geiseric had put it to use.  It was clean, for one thing, and organized, though on that first day the monk had still moved about the shining shelves, cataloguing the last of her husband’s collection.  She saw that Castle Greydawn owned more reading material than she had imagined.  When he welcomed them both inside, she had gone eagerly.
The lessons were largely to be for her son, but Maston chafed at this new exercise.  A boy of eight would rather be outdoors, free to run and play and create havoc in ways that only a lord’s son could ever do.  Still, under Geiseric’s careful tutelage, he did what was required of him, though the sparring between master and pupil was a mainstay of their time together.  He had learned his alphabet, could sound out small words, and had begun to actually read the simplest material for himself.  She would have preferred that the monk be able to stay longer, but no matter when he left, her son at least had the basics of learning; she hoped to convince her lord husband to allow him to continue.
When those first two turns had been complete, she had let Maston go, but had begged leave of the monk to stay.  He reminded her that she was the lady of the castle, and could certainly go where she wished, and stay as long as she wished, and that the library was more than large enough to hold them both.  She had spent the whole afternoon with him while he looked for the evidence he sought.  She had pestered him with questions, which he had patiently answered.  When she finally took her leave of him in order to take her evening meal, he had kindly wished her a good evening, and told her that he would welcome her company once again on the morrow.
Erinn reminded herself often that she was merely the daughter of a peasant farmer, whatever titles may have come to her by marriage.  As a child growing up, she possessed no expectations that she would have an opportunity to learn to read; the notion that she would actually excel at it would never have crossed her mind.  And yet, for whatever reason, the markings on the pages seemed to make sense to her.  Once Geiseric had shown her the basics, she found that she could decipher many of them.  Certainly she had heard a lot of words in her life, but she had never anticipated how easy it would be to sound some of them out when she saw them on the page.  There were certain things that still gave her trouble—why ‘rough’ and ‘through’ did not rhyme eluded her, which was part of the reason she had had difficulty with the ‘ou’ in ‘courtly’—but for a woman who had been wholly illiterate only twelve days earlier, she could not have been more pleased.
With everyone except Maston, it seemed, Geiseric’s love of learning proved contagious.  Gergen and Crandall had largely been assigned to do whatever the monk required, but the monk required almost nothing.  By the third day one or the other—and sometimes both—of the burly guards had joined their group for lessons.  Crandall was a good sport about it, though not committed, but Gergen seemed to enjoy the lessons almost as much as she did.  Gergen had seemed rough and unpolished when she had first met him, but the sheer joy he took at being able to sound out a sentence proved almost childlike.
It was a similar joy that could often be found on Geiseric’s face.  She had met any number of people in her life who could read, but until the monk she had never met one who relished in reading, who could not wait to get back to the scroll or the book he perused.  He treated each piece of writing, from nursery rhymes to peace treaties, as though it was precious and special; he held the books that he brought down from the shelves with the same loving, protective quality that new mothers displayed toward their children.  When he found the castle owned a copy of the The Frog and the Heron he had laughed aloud, and immediately set her to read one of the favorite tales of his youth.  She had never heard the story before, but she found herself laughing along with him as the clever little frog brought the haughty heron down a peg, barely escaping with its life!
“Have you found battles yet?”
“No, my young lord,” Geiseric said as he moved further down the shelves.  “Are you so anxious to fight one?”
“I can’t wait!”
“And who will you fight against?  What realm holds your anger so?”
“I could fight Gyasi,” Maston insisted.
“You could.  Though they are allied with the Church, and doing so would no doubt bring a second army into the fray.”
“Well, who would you fight?”
“I am not certain that I would fight anyone, my lord.  I am merely a monk.”
“Well, I’m not.  How about Zamora, then?  What about if I fight them?”
“All right.  How would you go about it?  It’s a large place.”
“I would march straight to the capital city and lay siege.”
Geiseric nodded.  He picked up one small volume, scanned the title, then put it back.  “A bold plan.  What is the name of this city?”
“I don’t know,” Maston said.
“Where would you find this city on a map?”
Maston looked at her, but she declined to offer aid.  Geiseric was teaching a lesson, even just by talking, and it was a lesson she wanted her son to learn.
“I don’t know,” he said again.
“The capital city of Zamora is Yettis,” Geiseric said calmly as he looked over the shelves.  “It is located many leagues from here.  Your army would have to march for several weeks, moving through enemy territory.”
“Then we will,” Maston insisted.
“I have no doubt, my lord.”
Maston stewed on that comment for a moment or two.  “Well, what would you do?”
Geiseric shrugged.  “Again, I am only a simple monk, my lord.”
“But you’re a smart monk,” Maston challenged.  “You’ve read all those books.  What would you do?”
“My noble lord, I would attack Ravenel.”
“Ravenel?” Maston cried.  “That’s only the seat of Antriz.  It’s barely a part of Zamora!”
“Yes, but it is a part of Zamora.  It’s a small part of Zamora, so it would be easier to take; capture Ravenel, and you’ll rule the whole of Antriz.  It’s far closer to Greydawn Castle than it is to Yettis, so your men could be there quickly, while it would take Zamora a long time to respond.  Ravenel itself is not the largest castle, but it guards the closest pass that Zamora could use to invade your land.  And, my good lord, you already know the last thing I will say.  What is the one thing for which Antriz is known?”
“Silver,” Maston said, beaming proudly.  “Antriz is known for its silver.”
“Precisely.  Antriz has silver mines, which you would control once you had taken Ravenel.  War is expensive, young Maston.  What better insult to give Zamora than to fight a war that is being paid for with silver from a Zamoran mine?  That would—”
“What?” Maston insisted.  “That would what, Geiseric?”
She glanced in the monk’s direction to see that he was looking directly at her.  Only moments ago, at the conclusion of her reading, she had wished for such a thing, but the joy of learning had gone out of his eyes, though he held small book in his hands.  His face was drawn; he looked serious and solemn, and perhaps even a little afraid.
“My lady,” he said.  “My young lord.  I’m afraid I will have to cut our lessons short today.”
“Is something wrong?” she asked.
“I don’t think so, my lady.  But I must speak with your lord husband as soon as possible.”
“Regarding?”
The monk crossed the room and laid the book before her, pointing to a spot on the page.  “Read it for yourself, my lady.  The first word is ‘symptoms’.”
She moved the book a little closer and looked where he pointed. “Symptoms,” she said aloud, wondering why the word would have a ‘y’ instead of an ‘i,’ “seem to indicate poison.  My lord did not drink more than three cups all evening.”  She looked up at him sharply.
“It is a report from the court physician of Kersen,” the monk said.  “A man named Sehvay.  Have you heard of him?”
She shook her head.  “No.  But if he was physician to Count Merrick, I would not have.  Tomas might know.”
“This may be what I have sought.  Forgive me again, but I must conclude our lessons.”
“Of course,” she said, hoping she did not betray the disappointment she felt.  “Maston, please go to your father and let him know that Geiseric requests an audience at his earliest convenience.  You may tell him it is important.”
“But—”
“No arguments now,” she said, rising from the table.  “You’ll do this, and you’ll do it at once.”
“Yes, Mother,” Maston said, the smile disappearing from his face.  She and Geiseric both watched while her son left the room, closing the door behind him.
“You found it,” she said simply.
“I think I may have.”  If he knew that the smile he bestowed upon her came close to melting her heart, he gave no indication.  “Whatever happens, you must continue reading, my lady; you’re a natural scholar.”
“I will try.”
“If this does what I think it will, then Kersen will have trade once again.  There will be money for such things.  For Maston, too.”
“I—” she said, then paused.
“My lady?”
“I merely wish to thank you.  You’ve been most helpful.”
He seemed about to say something, but then Maston returned to the library, obviously out of breath.  “Father wishes to see you right away,” her son said.  “In his chambers.”

THE SCHOLAR

Night had crept more than halfway toward dawn when a man moved through the Great Library at Ilaadris, dousing the many candles that his master always left behind.  Thank goodness for the glass shrouds which surrounded each of them, or the whole wing might have gone up in flames years ago.  The thought of fire ravaging the centuries-old books and scrolls sent a shiver through him.
He had done this task for some time now.  It was needed almost every night, as his aged master had a tendency to read at the tables until sleep overtook him.  His job was to wait on his master, fetching whatever the archcantor wished to read of a given evening.  When the time came, and when the aged head had fallen to nestle among the books on the table, he would gently nudge the old man, who would awake with a start and toddle off to his chambers, apologizing all the way to the exit.  Then he would stay behind, re-shelving the writings where they belonged and quietly moving throughout the library, dousing candles.  He always saved one candle for last, to help him find his way.  He was almost always the last one to leave.  
From the library, he would move to the master’s chambers, make sure the old man had managed to take off his slippers and worm his way under his blankets.  Only when all that was done could he find his own bed.  It was a monotonous life, but not a bad one, and studying under one of the greatest minds of the Church was a blessing about which he had only dreamt when he had been a small boy.  Even at his age, he considered the chance to serve his master as an honor, and not a chore.
So it was that he moved among the tables, carefully lifting the shrouds and snuffing the candles beneath, trying not to get soot on the precious and expensive glass.  When satisfied that he had done his job both well and completely, he lifted the last candle and began to make his way toward the door.
Immediately he noticed someone else had entered the chamber.  He was not a man who startled easily, so he did not jump or shout.  He merely lifted the candle higher in the air in order to see his companion more clearly.
“Forgive me, brother,” he said to the stranger.  “I thought I was alone.  Did you care for a candle?”
“No, thank you,” the stranger said.  “I came for you.”
He lifted the candle higher still, but it seemed to have difficulty penetrating the shadows which surrounded the man.  The stranger was strongly built, tall and broad.  He wore a long dark robe, the same as any number of priests.  He had the hood pulled up, however, so it was difficult to see his face.
“For me?”
“Yes,” the stranger said, then reached up with both hands.  Long and graceful fingers slowly drew back the hood.
He may not have startled easily, but he took a step or two back when the stranger revealed himself.  The face was youthful, almost boyish in appearance, but the eyes seemed ancient.  He had no idea how he had come to the conclusion, but he seemed to know instinctively just who this was.  He tried to move, but the stranger moved with him, maintaining the distance between them.  So he backed up until his thighs touched the edge of a library table; he could go no further, but he was grateful to the table for its support.
“You know who I am?” the stranger said.
“Yes.  You’re Death.”
The god nodded.  “Then you know why I am here.”
“Yes.  I—” he stopped himself.  It would sound foolish, he knew, and yet it appeared that he needed to say it anyway.  “I don’t mean to be—you’re certain you have the right person?”
“I’ve already answered that question, I believe.  There is no other in this library.”
Death came to stand in front of him, and now he was afraid.  The god was even taller than he had looked at first, towering over him by a cubit or more.  And yet, he seemed kind.  Well, kind was perhaps not the best word, in light of the reason for his visit.  Gentle, maybe.  Careful.
In spite of himself, he began to chuckle softly.  All men faced this sooner or later, and he laughed quietly to discover that he had always been vain or foolish enough to believe that he would react to it with far more calm than most.  Hearing his laughter, Death cocked his head to one side, gazing at him with lifeless eyes.
“Forgive me,” the man said.  “I’m sure you hear this all the time, but I find that I am not ready.”
Death nodded.  “Very few ever are.”
“I don’t suppose there’s any…no.  Never mind.”
“What?”
The man sighed.  “Reprieve,” he said.  “I don’t suppose there’s any reprieve.”
“Oh.  No.  Generally not.”
He knew it was pointless, but he found himself powerless to remain silent.  “Generally?”
Death seemed to inhale and exhale—a curious convention, the man thought—and then he spoke again.  “There is precedent,” the god admitted.  “There have been times when such a thing has been granted.”
The man tried to stand up taller, though he imagined he still seemed puny to the god in front of him.  “I hope you’ll agree that it’s only natural for me to ask if this might be one of those times.”
“Agreed,” Death said.  The god took a step or two back, as though considering.  “I will admit, you Churchmen intrigue me, and I have a certain…curiosity, I suppose you might call it.  Perhaps the two of us can reach an understanding.  Assuming my curiosity is satisfied.”
A trickle of hope began to move through him.  “What is it?”
When Death told him, hope no longer trickled but rather filled his whole body.  He could do this, though what the god sought was no small favor.  It was a horrible sin, both morally and within the hierarchy of the Church, but it lay within his power.  “I can do that,” he said.  “I can do that,” he said again, as though seeking to convince himself of it.  “And if I do?”
“Gods honor their debts and keep their words.  Do this for me, and I will forget your name.  For a time.”
“I will need a moment.  Will you wait while I bring it?”
“Of course.”
He placed the candle he was holding on the table.  He had no idea if Death would require light—in fact, he rather doubted it—but his own task would be better done in the dark.  Carefully, he moved past the god and toward the door, but he turned back with his hand on the latch.
“How do you know I won’t run?” he asked.
“I don’t,” Death said.  “I only know that if you do, I will catch you.”
It was a fair answer, he thought as he pulled the latch and left the library.  He moved out into the hall and padded quickly and quietly toward his master’s chambers, his ears pricked for any sound out of the ordinary.  He had made a similar journey on hundreds of other nights, but with a god waiting in the library he became hypersensitive, alert in ways he had never known.  
It was not a long journey.  For convenience’ sake, the Great Library was attached to the Residence by a raised walkway, the buildings connected via their second floors.  As many of the greatest among the Church were elderly, his master’s rooms were close, so that an old man would not have to travel far to continue his studies.
A small bit of moonlight spilled through the windows on either side of the walkway, but it mattered little; he had come this way so many times that he could have found his master’s rooms if he was blindfolded and drunk.  He knocked quietly, as he always did, but he expected and got no response.  He slipped inside the chambers as he had done so many nights before.  
He moved through the sitting room to the sleeping chamber, where his master’s snores already ripped through the night.  Ever the dutiful servant, he quietly removed the old man’s slippers and lifted his legs further onto the mattress.  He gathered the blankets from the foot of the bed and carefully covered the old man.  Only when that was done did he turn to the small bedside table.
His fingers scanned the surface of the table with care, but it did not take long to find what he sought.  His master was notoriously fastidious with his personal effects, and he found the ring right where he had expected it would be.  He snatched it up and moved toward the door.
His master shifted in his sleep, giving a loud snort before breathing normally and quietly.  That simple gesture stopped him as he tiptoed back toward the hall.  He chided himself for selfishness.  Like any mortal, he did not wish to die, but truly, what did he have to fear?  He had been a forthright member of the Church his whole life, and had tried to walk within its ways.  He was a good scholar, and had been a good and loyal servant to his master.  Surely one such as he would only find Peace in the afterlife?  As any man might, he had made his mistakes, but they were minor, barely requiring confession.  He recognized that what he viewed as confidence in his own abilities others might see as vanity, but surely his petty transgressions would not merit the Triplets?
Of course, he had never stolen before, though he had come here to do exactly that.  And yet, if he stole at the behest of a god, could he really be said to have sinned?  And what if he was caught?  The god aside, what was the punishment for stealing from an archcantor?  Could it even be death?  Had he bargained for more time only to put the sin of theft on his conscience before being executed anyway?
He closed his fist around the ring and moved quickly toward the chamber door, closing it quietly behind him.  Once in the corridor, the theft seemed easier.  Not better, perhaps, but easier.  His leather slippers hissed quietly on the stone as he made his way back over the raised walkway and entered the library once more.  Death stood waiting in exactly the same place as before.
“You almost changed your mind,” Death said.
“I did.  How much more time?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“I could be put to death for stealing, in which case I would be making a bargain for nothing.”
Death’s boyish face lit up with a smile.  “I wondered if you would think of that.”
“You said you would forget my name for a time.  How much of a time?  What exactly are the terms of your bargain?”
A hiss escaped Death, which scared him a moment until he realized it had only been meant as a sigh.  “You Churchmen do amuse me, and your intelligence is to be admired.  Very well.  I give you my word:  Fulfill our bargain, and I shall not remember your name for at least forty of your years, and possibly more.”
He considered that.  What might he accomplish, given forty years to do it?  
“Your hesitation is admirable,” Death continued.  “To be fair, you have faced me better and more calmly than most, and I am certain there is a part of you that is now ready to come with me.  But you must weigh that against what you might still achieve.  How much good might you be able to do for others, given another forty years?”
He looked up sharply, trying to penetrate the shadows which surrounded the god.  It was almost as though Death was speaking his very thoughts.
“None of your naysayers are about, so we may be honest and recognize that you are a man of considerable knowledge and skill,” the god continued, beginning to move closer to him once again.  “How far could you rise in the Church, given that kind of time?”
He inhaled, then exhaled, and then he finally held out his hand.  For the first time that evening, it trembled.  “Is this what you seek?” he asked, showing Death his master’s ring.
“It is indeed.”
“We have a bargain.”
A shudder ran through him as Death momentarily touched him when the god took the ring.  A stabbing sensation of cold ran up his right arm, but then the touch, and the ring, were both gone.
“So shall it be,” Death said.  “You have done me a great service, and I will do you one; listen to me carefully.  When I am no longer in your presence, these past few moments will seem fantastic and strange, perhaps not even real.  As you once again go through your days, the time we shared this evening will dwindle in importance.  It will come to seem trivial compared to your many years in the Church and the relationships which you have made.  What is courage in the nighttime often feels like cowardice in the light of day, and it is possible that you will begin to have a change of heart regarding our arrangement.  You may begin to feel guilt, as you momentarily did in your master’s rooms.  You may be tempted to confess what happened here this night, either to your master himself or as part of your rites of absolution.  You must not, or our bargain will be voided.”
“But—”
Death held up a hand.  “To assuage your natural feelings of guilt, and because you have done me a great service, I will go one step further.  What you have given me this night is not stolen, but rather lost.  In two days, at exactly this time of the night, you will find this ring on the floor beneath the table where your master slumbers.  He has lost weight recently; perhaps he will believe it merely slipped from his finger.  You will return it to him, and no one need know any more than that.”
“Forgive me,” he said, “but lying is a sin, the same as theft.”
“What lie?  You will say, ‘Master, is this yours?’  That is a question, not a lie.  He will say, ‘Thank you, my son,’ and that will be the end of it.  I will grant you, some among your order will counsel that the concealment of the truth is the same as a lie.  I consider what we have done to be a necessary deception, but I will leave you to wrangle out the moral dilemma of that.  I only hope that as you do, you will think on what your life beyond this night will mean to those you serve.”
He bit his lower lip, both wanting and not wanting to ask the question.  “Will I rise high?” he finally said, then turned his eyes to the floor.  Oh, the vanity.
“I am not the Oracle,” Death said.  “But I see the Council for you.”
He looked up again sharply.  “Truly?”
Death shrugged.  “Even Council members need to be replaced now and again.  While we do not wish such things upon others, the truth is that all men die.”
“All men die,” he repeated softly.
“The ring will be here in two days’ time.”
The shadows surrounding Death seemed to gather more closely about his body, not even the light of the candle able to penetrate them.  He blinked once, trying to make certain of what he saw, and by the time he opened his eyes once again the god was gone, and he stood alone in the library with his candle.
The Council, he thought to himself.  He had dared to dream, of course—all of them did.  It was not a lie, but a question.  A necessary deception.  Two days’ time.
For the second time in under a turn, he lifted the last candle and moved toward the door.  He closed it behind him and once again padded across the raised walkway to the Residence.  This time he did not go to his master’s, but rather turned toward the stairwell and began to climb to his own chambers.  Tomorrow would be another day.  His bed awaited, though he had little hope of sleep.

MADDOCK

Count Maddock of Kersen smiled and waved at the crowds thronging Castle Greydawn, appearing every bit the magnanimous lord.  Though a glance to the west showed rain would come before the day was out, the morning had dawned bright and fair; for once, even the fog had stayed away.  Indeed, it seemed as though the sun had always shown on Kersen since the monk had arrived, and he had reason to hope that it would continue to do so.  
On his right strolled his lady wife, who in less than a fortnight had begun to read, and could speak of almost nothing else.  Still, she was happier than he had known her to be in a long time.  Surely that was better than being accompanied by the dour, mousy lass from Teremun he had married all those years ago.  He was beginning to understand that when she was happy, his life was the better for it.  In turn, she held the hand of their young son Maston, who begrudgingly admitted that he had started to learn his letters, as well.  He would have to remember to tell both of them that he had decided to find a new tutor so their lessons could continue; he had a newfound appreciation for just how far learning might take one in life.
So he had every reason to smile as he greeted his people, and the warm wishes they relayed in turn showed their happiness for him.  He knew he had not always been the best of lords, but Kersen had not always enjoyed the best of circumstances.  He had reason to believe those circumstances might change, and if they did, he could afford to be far more generous with his people in the future.
Around him, the castle and its grounds buzzed with excitement.  Geiseric’s work did not guarantee release from the interdiction, but it did provide a reason for hope, and Maddock had allowed word of the monk’s findings to spread through the castle and town.  It was the perfect situation, really.  If the Church was persuaded by Geiseric’s work, then Kersen would be free to trade at will, and he would become the lord that returned the realm to the gods.  If it went badly, however, he could not be blamed—the fault would still lie with his grandfather.  He had done everything the monk had asked, and his own reputation had been enhanced as a result.  
Happiness, it turned out, made everything better.  The banners that blew in the early morning breeze seemed just a little less threadbare, the women just a little more beautiful.  He noticed that well over half of his guards had polished their armor and sharpened their swords.  The townsfolk and servants seemed brightly garbed and merry.  The simple monk who had entered their lives less than two short weeks ago now held the welfare of the realm in his hands, and he had made certain his people had shown up to remind Geiseric of that.
He remembered the previous day with a smile.  Bethune had finally managed to finish collecting his measurements for his new suit of clothes when Maston had burst into the room claiming that the monk needed to see him.  He’d sent the lad back to the library immediately, and within moments the monk and his lady wife had come to his room to read from the marvelous little book that Sehvay had written.  He was old enough to just remember the physician’s existence, but Tomas had known him well.  The chamberlain did not recall that the physician had ever kept a record of his cases, but it was certainly possible Sehvay had done so privately; it seemed logical that people might not wish their medical ailments to be common knowledge.  The tiny volume which Geiseric had unearthed was little more than a long list of medical cases the old man had seen, with diagnoses and recommendations and a tally of what medicines had been prescribed.  But it was enough to cast doubt on his grandfather’s sanity, and he was learning to think of that as a good thing.
“His lordship is warm to the touch, belligerent, angry,” the monk had read to him, “and has difficulty remembering recent events.  His men-at-arms think him drunk, but to me symptoms seem to indicate poison.  My lord did not drink more than three cups all evening.  My lord’s behavior is consistent with side effects known to eyrdya poisoning.  Will ask his men about it in the morning.”
He had begun smiling then.  The smile had grown wider as the monk continued.
“Believe my suspicion correct, but proof is lost.  Two from the Gyasian delegation are missing this morning, and it appears they left Greydawn before the gates closed last night.  I cannot very well accuse the delegation of involvement, but fear my lord’s health to be permanently compromised.”
Count Maddock had of course granted the monk’s request to take the small book back to Ilaadris with him.  He had granted the monk’s request to leave at first light.  He would have granted the monk a conjugal visit with the countess, if that would have helped.  And now, here he was at the dawn of a brand new day.  Geiseric walked upon his left, seemingly in awe of his sendoff, having no idea that Maddock had been up most of the night to make certain the residents of Greydawn would be present and looking their best.
One sleepless night was well worth it.  If this monk could get the interdict lifted, then all of the preparations for this morning would be paid back sevenfold.  Religious services would be restored in Kersen, churches re-opened, or new churches built.  The peasants would be happier, and happy peasants made for happy lords.  But most importantly for him, Kersen might once again become a land of note within the world, and that would, by extension, make him a man of note within the world.  
“How long does it take to ride from here to Ilaadris?” Countess Erinn asked.
Inwardly, Maddock cringed.  One byproduct of her lessons that he had not anticipated was her newfound confidence.  He might appreciate that his life was easier when she was happy, but he still liked it better when she didn’t speak.  She had always been a marriage of convenience, a contract entered into for gold that was long since spent.  He had never set her aside, largely because the interdict had meant he had very few legitimate options to replace her.
Maddock smiled.  That was another thing that could change, of course.  If Kersen were accepted back into the folds of the Church, she would become beneath him, and not the other way around.  The Church frowned on divorce, but perhaps an annulment?  Had Kersen never been placed under interdict, he would never have needed to marry the miner’s daughter from Teremun.  Perhaps the marriage could be set aside?  Perhaps he would be free to find a countess of his own choosing?  Exactly how much might his life change, if this monk could do everything he thought he could do?
“Well, that varies, of course, my lady,” the monk replied.  “For a man such as your husband, riding upon a good horse, I believe it could be done in a matter of days.  Alas, I am a scholar and not a horseman; I do not ride well as it is, and Jeffrey is not built for speed.  I anticipate it will take me a fortnight or more.”
Maddock clapped him on the shoulder.  “Well, perhaps we can change that, my good monk.”  The small party approached the stables.  His stablemaster stood ready with Geiseric’s simple donkey; the animal did not seem any more pleased to see the monk than it had been when he arrived.  However, he had also ordered his finest horse—his own horse, to be honest—saddled, a gleaming blue roan stallion that stood sixteen hands tall and moved like wind over water.  He glanced toward the monk at his side, pleased to see a moment of sheer surprise in the Churchman’s expression.
“A gift for you, my young scholar,” Count Maddock said.
The monk seemed to swallow with difficulty.  “It is a fine animal, Your Lordship.  But certainly too valuable for one such as I.  Jeffrey is all the transport I need.”
“Nonsense.  I wish for you to have it.  Whatever the Council decides, I have enjoyed your company these last days.  You have been welcome to my house, and proved a fine tutor to my wife and son.”
The monk shifted nervously on his feet.  “While I mean no disrespect, Your Lordship, it is better if you keep it.  I was not in jest when I spoke of my horsemanship; I do not even know if I will be able to ride it.”
He hadn’t really thought of that.  What good was such a fine horse as this to a monk?  Still, better to be too giving at this point than not giving enough.  “Then ride your mule and take this with you.  If nothing else, you may donate it to the stables at Ilaadris on my behalf.”
The monk nodded.  “You are most kind,” Geiseric said.  “I will do exactly that.”
He drew the monk aside.  “Will they agree, do you think?” He knew he should not ask the question, but he had been able to think of nothing else since the previous day.  After all this time, to even have the hope that such a thing might happen was almost too much to bear.
The monk seemed unfazed by the question, merely shrugging in response.  “It would be wrong of me to predict, Your Lordship,” he said, keeping his voice low so as not to be overheard.  “I cannot presume to know the will of the Council.  While I believe we have discovered the reason for your grandfather’s actions, he did say what he said and act as he acted, and as you’re aware, the Church generally does not look kindly upon such things.  But I give you my word that my report shall most certainly conclude that the events which have haunted your realm for two generations were not due to malevolent intent, but were instead the result of madness caused by exposure to eyrdya poison.  I believe your grandfather was innocent; I will tell the Council that, and present them with the evidence I have found.  But I can promise you no more than that.”
“That is enough,” the count said.  
Maddock watched, his heart hopeful, as the monk moved to one side and bade farewell to his young son, squatting before him.  
“You’ve a good mind, young Maston,” the monk said.  “I hope to hear you are continuing your studies.”
“I will.”
“And I did discover a book with battles,” Geiseric said with a smile.  Maddock watched his son’s face light up.  “It’s not the easiest to read, but if you work hard it can be done.  I have set it aside for you.”
The monk moved on to the countess, bowing before her.  “My lady,” he said.  “Thank you for the hospitality of your house these past several days, and for the many joyous turns in the library.  As I wish for your son, so I also wish for you.  Your learning has progressed beyond what I could ever have expected.  You are a natural scholar, and a credit to Kersen.”
His wife blushed and lowered her eyes.  “On the contrary,” she replied, smiling.  “It is you who might be a credit to Kersen, and I thank you for undertaking the effort on my lord and my realm’s behalf.  I wish you safe travels, and if the gods are kind perhaps we will meet again.”
“Perhaps.  My lord,” the monk said, turning to Maddock.  “I am hopeful that should we have the good fortune to once again see the other, it will be after mass.  If you will allow it, I will send word to you as soon as I know more.”
“I will allow it happily.  Whatever is decided, you have done me a service.  You will always be welcome at Greydawn.  Safe journey.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
The monk moved off and awkwardly mounted his donkey—which brayed once at the disturbance—then took the reins of the stallion and steered both animals toward the gates.  He stopped only long enough to grasp hands with Crandall and Gergen before he left.  Maddock would have to remember to promote Gergen; the man had done him a good service.
The monk’s departure seemed to take as long as his arrival, the two animals growing slightly smaller as Geiseric weaved all over the road.  There was nothing Maddock could do about that.  Indeed, there was nothing to do except prepare for his next guest, who would arrive in two days’ time.  
Perhaps he would tell her what had happened?  Perhaps he should mention that he might need a new countess?  What would his fortunes look like, if the trade of the Church came to him at the same time as the silver of Antriz?
 “Thank you all,” Count Maddock bellowed to those assembled.  “We will wait upon the Council, but I for one believe that Kersen’s future will once again be bright.”
The cheer that came from those assembled was the most joyous sound he had heard in his native land in years.  He looked forward to hearing more such things.  Still, Bethune had a suit to prepare, and he would need to dictate certain correspondence to Tomas.  He would be much busier if Kersen moved back to the Church, but he found himself looking forward to the task.
“My lady,” he said, turning to his wife and smiling as well as he could.  “I must leave you to attend to some business.  But I wanted to apologize to you.”
“My lord?” she replied, her eyes wide.
“I have been late coming to it, but I have begun to see the value of this schooling that you have asked me about for so long.  I may not be able to find another Geiseric, but I intend for you and Maston to both continue your studies, if you wish.  I will arrange for a new tutor as soon as can be done.”
“I—Yes, my lord.  Thank you.”
Count Maddock bowed to her, then turned toward the castle and moved inside, the excited whispers of the crowed following him.  He could afford to be kind to her.  His realm would be reinstated in the Church—he had every confidence of it—and he could suddenly afford to be kind to everyone.

GEISERIC

By midday, Geiseric Cole felt tired and restless, his mood growing darker than the storm clouds which gathered above him as the donkey plodded slowly toward the east.  The animal’s walk seemed slower than the coming of spring, but its canter shook Geiseric about like chaff in a strong wind.  He had spent a good portion of the day using language entirely unsuitable for a monk.
The real problem was not the donkey, but the horse.  It was perhaps the finest animal he had ever seen, strong and sleek with a gleaming coat that looked like smoke and shadow.  It cantered with a fluid grace that indicated it would ride well and smoothly, and it strode with power that suggested it would be among the fastest he had ever known.  About the only thing other than interdiction for which Kersen was known was the quality of its horses, and this one looked like the ruler of every mount in the realm.  His difficulty came from the fact that he could not allow the horse its wishes.  The horse was headstrong, and wanted to run; his donkey was stubborn, and did not.  
Common sense said tie the donkey to the saddlehorn and mount the horse.  But that was a decidedly un-monk-like thing to do, and he had not worked so long to establish a cover only to abandon it now.  He did not care for the attention he might gather from any onlookers, but there seemed no way out of it without releasing the horse, and he could hardly allow a gift from the Count of Kersen to run home to its stables only half a day after its departure.  The donkey was a near-perfect disguise.  But a monk on a donkey attempting to control a horse that was obviously beyond his station made him an attraction, something that would be remembered.  At some point that night it was possible a peasant would sit down with his family and say, “Guess what I saw today?” and that wasn’t something he liked.  
By the same token, a monk seen to dismount the mule, mount the stallion, and gallop east attracted a different type of attention, and that was not any better.  There weren’t many peasants in the fields he passed, but there were some, and they could get to Greydawn quickly enough if they felt they had cause.  So he stayed on the mule and fought with the stallion and cursed his bad fortune until he began to chuckle.
Things went wrong with the plan, he reminded himself.  Things almost always went wrong with the plan.  And no amount of planning could have predicted that the count would give him the very horse he had intended to steal in order to escape from Greydawn once his task was complete.  He had no real cause for complaint; it was a damned fine animal, and he had noticed it almost immediately on the day that his one turn of exercise took him to the stables.  Still, it provided an obstacle he had not expected.  
In truth, for the present his plan had not altered that much.  Instead of a painful day-long ride on a donkey, he was now going to have a painful day-long ride on a donkey while leading a very fine stallion behind him.  He glanced at the sky, and saw that it would soon be a painful day-long ride in the rain, as well.  All of these things might be unfortunate, but none of them mattered; the mission remained the same.  At least once he was out of sight of the castle he would be able to drop the pretense of being a poor rider.
He had done all the preparatory work he needed.  He knew how to achieve his objective, and he had also made certain there was no way the Church could be implicated.  Feelings regarding the Church had not been this positive in Kersen for decades; everyone in the whole town had come out to see him off this morning.  They would cling to the idea that even with the death of their lord, their hardships could still be ended as long as a certain monk rode toward Ilaadris, carrying with him the hopes for Kersen’s salvation.
There was nothing to do, therefore, except stay in the saddle and attempt to control the horse while the donkey continued toward the east.  That was the plan even though the stallion continually tested him to make certain the rope remained secure.  He managed to coerce the donkey into traveling a little faster, but that was still the plan by mid-afternoon, when the clouds that had been gathering in the west finally began to drop rain on them.  That was still the plan by late afternoon, when his thin cloak was soaked through and the muddy cart path which the locals charitably called a road began to suck and pull at the hooves of the animals.  By early evening that rain had become a deluge, and Geiseric’s teeth chattered in the saddle, his progress slowed to almost nothing.
Sundown was at best a murky concept in the midst of the downpour, not so much an absence of light as an increase in shadow.  He came upon the small woods where he had established his base camp later in the day than he wished; he had lost time due to the condition of the road and his struggles with the horse.  Still, he grew close.  Soon enough he could rest, perhaps even get dry.  He put his heels to the donkey, trying to urge just a little more speed out of the weary animal.  
Later, when he had had time to analyze what happened next, there were portions he could forgive.  The night was dark and cloudy, with no stars and no moon shining through.  He was navigating largely by feel, and by the sound the hooves of his mount made in the mud of the road, correcting only when lightning allowed him to see where he was.  And he had been embedded as a monk for close to two weeks, without opportunity to go through his fighting forms.  He could not be blamed for such things.  But, if he was honest, he was also partly at fault.  He had let his guard down.  It was the end of the day, he was cold and wet and tired, and thoughts of a warm fire meant he simply wasn’t paying as close attention as he should have been.
As it was, the storm saved his life.  Moments before he was due to die, lightning seared across the sky, illuminating the world in a brief flash of bright white light that just happened to catch the glint of metal that marked a crossbow and its quarrel.  The good luck that allowed him to notice such a thing was not lost on him, but he had no time to be grateful for it.  He threw himself from the saddle, hearing the bolt pass through the space he had occupied only a moment earlier as he landed on his side in the mud of the road.    
He had to move.  His attacker knew where he was, or roughly so.  It was not the easiest thing to re-draw a crossbow, especially when the rain would make the string wet, but a throwing knife would work just as well.  The darkness was his only protection—that and two knives slipped down his boots for which no one at Castle Greydawn had bothered to look.  All of his other weapons remained safely at his camp—he hoped—but his pretense as a monk had prevented him from bringing them along.    
He stood quickly and slapped the horse on its hind quarters, finally letting it have the freedom it had craved all day.  It galloped down the hill toward the stream.  He slapped the donkey and it followed at a much slower pace.  Using the sound of the beating hooves as cover, he swiftly moved off the road into a small depression at the side of it and crouched down as far as he could.  Slowly, he reached into his boots and drew the two blades.  They wouldn’t turn back a quarrel if his attacker managed to re-draw the crossbow, but they were better than nothing.
He briefly wondered who wanted him dead.  He discarded any notion that this was a random highway robbery.  No one would wait in the rain until after dark to rob a monk; monks never traveled with money.  Nor was it possible that he had been mistaken for someone else; he had seen no one on the road for turns.  No, whoever was here was here for him, and had known that he would pass this way eventually.  Perhaps they had hoped he would do so before dark, but the timing of it mattered little.  A more interesting question was:  Just who had the assassin come here to kill?  A monk named Geiseric who had been known in Kersen, or a Talon by the name of Geiseric Cole?
Another flash of lightning.  He moved lower to the ground, hoping his dark cloak would cover him and make him look like just another shadow.  His attacker was slight of build, and short; Geiseric would probably stand at least a hand or two taller.  The man was looking toward the river, following the animals, making sure that his target was not clinging to one or the other.  The hilt of a sword protruded above the line of the man’s shoulder; his attacker wore it strapped across his back, just as he himself might do.  The man had two short-bladed knives, one in each hand.  Throwing knives.  He knew them well.  His own boot knives were not balanced for throwing; they were of middle length, more useful for close combat.  They could be thrown, but he would have to be sure of his target.  He only had the two, and whatever he threw away he might not get back.  
In that brief scintilla of time as he waited for the lightning to finish its jagged path across the heavens, he fixed the man’s location in his memory.  He had to assume the man wore armor, so he couldn’t throw for the chest or back.  Throwing at the head was foolish; his knives weren’t designed to pierce through the skull, and in these conditions he couldn’t expect to be lucky enough to put it through the eye.  That left a leg, a shoulder, or an underarm, and the hope that one of those three would sever a major artery.  He chose the leg.
The lightning stopped, plunging his world into darkness.  He waited for the thunder, then rose and threw, instantly rolling to his right, using the noise of the storm for cover.  He thought he heard a grunt that would suggest he had hit his target, but could not be certain.  He hoped it had hit; otherwise he was down to his last weapon against a fully-armed opponent.    
He held still as the rain poured over his face, straining his ears in the wake of the thunder to hear any movement.  He was taken aback to hear a voice.
“A nice throw, Geiseric Cole,” his attacker said. 
The voice forced him to reassess his situation, though not by much.  His attacker was a woman, seemingly young, with no noticeable accent.  He did not for a moment let down his guard at the idea that his assassin was female.  Killing knew no gender.  Some of the best Talons were women; Kira was only one of many that he knew.  And this was a woman who knew his real name.  She hadn’t come to kill a monk; she wanted him.  
“But this looks like a boot knife,” she continued.  “Full marks for skill, but just how many weapons do you have left?”
Despite himself, Geiseric smiled in the dark.  Master Damon had always said, Be grateful if your enemy is stupid enough to talk to you, and he was right.  The attacker had moved into the road and to Geiseric’s left.  With luck, she would talk long enough to let Geiseric know exactly where she was.
Who even knew he was here?  No Talon was to tell another Talon the location of a job in order to maintain plausible deniability.  He and Kira often broke that rule, but he hardly believed she would be responsible for this.  Maddock’s elimination had been ordered by the Council, so the Nine knew where he was, but they had no way to discern just when he would be riding along this specific road into this specific copse of trees.
 “You can come out, you know.  We can settle this in the open.”
Again, the attacker had moved left.  Another strike of lighting allowed Geiseric to see the woman only briefly, with the hilt of a boot knife sticking out of the back of her leg near the knee.  So he had hit her.  Whoever she was, she was a professional.  Most people would pull the blade, not realizing they would do more damage when they did.  But they had come close to switching places.  Now his would-be assassin stood in the middle of the road, out in the open and unafraid.
So who was she?  Not a Talon.  Well, maybe a Talon—he hadn’t seen her face.  He knew every working Talon by sight, but not by voice.  Still, if a Talon had been sent to kill another Talon, the world as he knew it was not functioning properly.  He had broken no Church law—indeed, he was on Church business.  True, his particular fondness for books had led him to pilfer a few, but he hadn’t brought them with him; he had planned to retrieve them on the night he killed Count Maddock.  No one could possibly know about them.  There was no reason to kill him, then—not for theft, treason, heresy, or anything else.  Nothing about this made sense.  But another lesson of Master Damon’s sprang to mind:  It didn’t matter why someone wanted you dead; what mattered was not being dead.
“Or is the great Geiseric Cole actually afraid?”
Keep talking, he thought as he moved toward the woods.  He had no idea just how good the woman was, but if she used the throwing knives it might be helpful to have the trees as interference.  He searched his mind for potential enemies, but kept returning to an empty list.  He had naturally made enemies of the husbands and wives and families of those he had assassinated, but he had never been exposed; they might wish to kill him, but they had no idea who he was.  Despite his best efforts, no one came to mind.  That left the Nine or Kira, neither of which was something he wanted to think about.
First things first, Cole:  Neutralize the threat.
He reached the shelter of the woods and began to walk lightly, feeling in front of him for fallen branches and sticks; even wet, they could break and betray his presence.  Cautiously, he moved in among the trees, moving in a consistent arc back toward the road.
“I’ll admit, I’m a trifle disappointed,” his attacker said.  “They told me you were brave.”
Another flash of lightning, and he got his best look yet at the woman who proposed to end his life.  She still held two throwing knives, with the sword at her back, but now Geiseric could see the bandolier across his chest with the hilts of more knives protruding from it.  He caught a glimpse of the vambraces on each arm, and knew without thinking that the one on the right arm held a retractable spool of wire that would function as a garrote, and the one on the left had a hidden blade.  He knew the woman would have two boot knives, one in each boot, and leather armor with special pockets to conceal a host of other weapons.  He knew because back at his camp he had exactly the same equipment.
She was a Talon.  That was not good news.  When had Talons ever been used against other Talons?  Certainly there were rival factions within the Church, just as there were in any large realm or organization.  Certain people had control, and other people wanted it; that had been human nature since time immemorial.  But if things had reached this point, then a power struggle existed of which he had been unaware.  He had been gone for close to twenty days total, but that seemed like precious little time for a revolution to occur within the Church hierarchy, particularly in a body that had existed for centuries without such an uprising.  Had anything like that occurred, some other member of Shadow Squadron would have reached out to him.
Kira, he sent, not worrying about the time of night.  Is anything going on in the Church that you know about?
Geiseric?  Her reply indicated she was already asleep.  What do you mean?
A power struggle.  One faction trying to take over, or did harm come to the Patriarch?  Something like that?
Nothing I’ve heard.  Why?
Tell you later.
Geiseric—
Sorry, love.  It’s very important I have my own mind right now.  I’ll tell you as soon as I can.  
He severed the link before she could say anything further, returning to the task at hand.  He moved toward the road once again.  If a Talon had been assigned to kill him, he would not be leaving unless he managed to kill her.  But he couldn’t engage in closed combat with only one knife as a weapon.  That left him no choice except to use his mind.  
He sheathed the boot knife once again.  He hated to not have a grip on any weapon, but he would need his hands free for what he planned to attempt.  His only hope was to engage from a distance, force her to use the throwing knives, and then play dead.  Of course, in order to do that, he would have to catch both throwing knives before they hit his body, and he would have to do it in the dark.  As far as he knew, no one had ever done that before.  It would be the stuff that legends were made of, though few enough legends had ever been told about Talons.  Still, he could hope that if it worked, it might get him a free drink when he told the tale to his friends.
Another flash of lightning ripped across the sky, moving almost horizontally in the storm.  The rain showed signs of stopping, but the rain might be in his favor, so he needed to move quickly.  He waited for the lightning to die, then once again moved while the sound of the thunder covered him.  Soon enough he stood in the road once again, perhaps fifteen paces from his attacker.
“You talk too much,” he said.
Almost instantly he heard the sound of two knives moving through the air.  The rain did help; he could just make out where the droplets of water were disturbed by the spinning blades that moved through them.  They were thrown exactly where he would have thrown against a man known to be unarmored; the first for the throat, and the second for the heart.
He stepped back, bringing up his left hand at the same time, and smiled when he felt his palm meet the hilt of the first knife and felt his fingers close around it.  His smile faded quickly, however, when he realized that his foot had begun to slide in the mud of the road.  His right hand went wide as he fought for balance.  There was no way he could catch the second blade, so he switched tactics and tried to slide even more, hoping to get out of the way entirely.  The knife missed his heart, but it pierced his left arm between his shoulder and his elbow.
The knife hurt, but the wound did not seem critical.  He grunted and exhaled as though it was, however, slumping to his knees in the mud before falling onto his left side.  As he went down, he once again withdrew the knife from his right boot.
He heard the slow scrape of metal that denoted his attacker’s sword being drawn from her sheath.  That was good; if she had drawn two more throwing knives his little ruse would be over.  Talons were issued a hand-and-a-half sword, which in most cases they used two-handed.  The basic approach was to lead with the left leg, and as lightning flashed he saw that this Talon was doing so, though stepping gingerly, since her left still had Geiseric’s knife sticking out of it.
“That hurt,” Geiseric rasped, hoping he sounded wounded enough.  It did hurt—he could feel his left arm throbbing underneath him, and he was losing sensation in his left hand.  The wound might be more critical than he had surmised.  
“It’s supposed to,” the woman said.  “But full credit to you.  That should have killed you.”
“I was trained,” he said, pausing to suck in breaths of air, “the same place you were.”
“Apparently I was trained better.”
By then his attacker was close enough.  He felt the woman bring the sword up for the killing blow, and in that moment he kicked with his right leg.  His foot caught the hilt of his own knife, driving it further into the woman’s flesh and taking the leg out from under her.  Geiseric rose as his attacker fell, quickly driving his boot knife up and into her lower abdomen, leaving the blade there as he reached up and caught the woman’s arms as they descended, stopping the blow of the sword.  Geiseric lurched to his right, drawing the other Talon down into the mud.  His only remaining weapon was the throwing knife he has successfully caught when she had attacked him with it.  He didn’t throw it, but instead drove it into the woman’s throat.  
Lightning flashed again, revealing the wide eyes of what only moments ago had been another human being.  Her eyes were green, he noted; not that it made any difference.  He had never seen her before in his life.
He pushed her away.  For a moment he lay on his back in the muddy road, letting the rain fall over him.  He stayed there until the sound of horses came to his ears.  Fearing reinforcements, he rolled to his left and took the sword out of the woman’s grasp.  But the hooves were slow, the animals walking, and when lightning struck again he saw only the roan that Count Maddock had given him and the donkey that had, beyond all reason, stayed with it.  
He had lived.  He had much to do before bedding down for the night, however.  He moved back to the dead Talon.  In the dark, his hands moved over the body, finding all the telltale signs of the woman’s profession.  This bore further study.  It took some effort, as his left hand still wasn’t working that well, but he managed to put all of her weapons back on her person.  Grunting with the pain it caused, he got her up and threw her body over the back of the donkey, then began walking the two animals toward the stream.  He needed to make camp, he needed dry clothes, he needed to tend to the knife that was still in his arm, and he needed sleep.  He also wouldn’t have minded some answers, but it would be better to seek those near a fire in his bedroll.
A quick search found the dead Talon’s horse hobbled a few paces downstream, the bridle wrapped with black cloth to deaden any sound; he would have done the same thing in her place.  He freed the animal and walked it back to the road.  Two horses in one day, he thought to himself with a smile.  If he kept up at this pace, he could always retire and go into ranching.
Wearily, he climbed into the saddle of the stallion he had received from Count Maddock, leading the other animals behind him.  He left the road and headed upstream to where he would make his camp for the night.  Mercifully, the rain seemed to finally be ending.
With time to think, his mind turned once again to the most pressing question.  Who wanted him dead?  And who wanted it so badly as to use a fellow Talon against him?
Enough, Geiseric Cole, he thought.  Camp first, questions later.  
Nodding at his own wisdom, he rode forward into the darkness.

VIANNE

She sat in the kitchen of the small mountain fortress and waited for all preparations to be complete, enjoying the smells of the day’s baking and the radiance of an evening fire.  Though still technically late summer, the mountain nights could be quite cool; the warmth was a comfort, especially knowing she would soon go out into the rain.  She sat rocking gently next to the hearth with a large woolen cloak wrapped around her and listened to the sounds of horses and men moving outside.  
She felt content.  The thing she liked most about nights like these was the chance to step away from her normal life.  Tonight, she was not the Duchess of Antriz or the Lady of Ravenel.  She wore nothing that would even remotely tie her to her title, unless one counted the decorative dagger with the ram’s head that was concealed beneath her cloak.  The affairs of the high and mighty could go along without her for a couple of days.  She was merely an anonymous traveler, waiting for her footmen to bring around the carriage that would soon cart her away from here.  
She did not need to wait long.  Her servants had become quite efficient at this sort of thing, though they were required to do it no more than three or four times per year.  Soon enough she heard the clatter of the carriage wheels and the sharp clop-clop-clop of shod horses moving over stone.  The door to the kitchens opened, and her man Waldron stuck his head in, water dripping from the hood of his oiled cloak to pool on the stone floor.
“We are prepared, milady.”
Lady Vianne rose from the fire, willing the last of its heat to remain with her on the journey.  She pulled the hood of her cloak up over her brazen red hair, nodded, and followed him outside.  Another of her men—Euric—held the door to her carriage open for her, and she quickly dashed through the raindrops and into the relative comfort of the sealed compartment, where a brazier was already lit to provide what warmth it could for her travel.  She settled a sheepskin blanket over her lap as Waldron and Euric moved with all possible haste, one moving forward to sit with the driver, the other standing on a small rear platform in order to keep lookout behind.  The reins snapped once, and the carriage began to move.
Traveling through the mountains at night was not the safest of options, especially in the midst of a downpour, but in truth they need not go far.  Only two leagues down the road was an inn that prospered almost solely due to the arrangements she had made with them, and in a few short turns they would disembark there to find dry chambers and wait out the dawn.  No, night was not for traveling; night was for escaping undetected, for shirking her duties and slipping away unseen.  In the morning, her servants would learn that she was suffering another one of her frequent spells and would be bedridden for a few days.  By the time any of them knew differently, she would return to Ravenel, her health would be restored, and no one would be the wiser.
She smiled as she drew the large sheepskin more closely about her, warding off the night’s chill as best she could.  Running off to a tryst in a foreign realm was perhaps not the noblest of behavior, but the Lady Vianne had never been one to dance to the music of others.  Widowed at the age of seventeen, she had managed her holdings for the past fifteen years with a mixture of an iron will when possible and fluttering eyelashes when necessary.  She wasn’t particularly liked in her home kingdom, but she was respected, and for a woman in her position that was more than enough.  
Of course, she had seen more than thirty winters now, and by the standards of most brides was old beyond her years.  She still held her beauty, but that, too, would fade soon enough.  The time would come when she would need to take a husband, birth a brat or two to carry on the line, and live out her days in a high tower room.  She might even have to take up needlework, the Serpent help her.  She had no lack of suitors—Antriz was not the most important fiefdom in Zamora, but it was strategically located near the eastern border, and those that were not enchanted with her long red hair and comely figure often found themselves enamored of the silver mines which provided more than enough revenue to keep her comfortable—but they were all the same.  She had become a lodestone for second or third sons of petty nobles who sought to raise their status by attaching themselves to her, or gallant warrior knights who wanted not only her lands but also to subjugate her to their will.  She would have to accept one of their invitations sooner or later, but she intended to do so as late as she possibly could.
In the meantime, she allowed herself the comfort of a few lovers to satiate her desires.  None, however, did so in quite the fashion as the one to which she traveled now.  If this one would only become a suitor for her, she would say yes immediately.  Her heart fluttered at the thought of him; he was big and strong, with arms that held her like no other and a will as powerful as her own.  She had even written him letters about it, which was most indiscreet, but her feelings had seemed so overwhelming that she simply had to vent them in order to go on.  Of course, she also wrote him to make certain that when they did meet, his desire for her would be as aroused as hers was for him.
She could marry him, she supposed, but events that needed to transpire in order to make that happen were complicated at best, and would mean war at worst.  If he wasn’t married, things would be simpler.  The day might come when he could be tempted to put his little wife aside; she would perhaps suggest it when next they met.  Until then, they would take their pleasure in each other, and bide their time.  Who could tell what the future would bring?
The carriage moved ever downward, its wheels clattering against the stone road of the mountain.  They traveled far more slowly than her heart would like, but the horses were sure-footed, and it was night, and still raining.  She sighed and stared toward the windows, watching the tiny rivulets of raindrops race each other down the glass.
She thought she should have been born a man.  That would have allowed her life to make more sense.  Life as a woman simply had too many rules.  A woman could marry, but only those who gained a father’s approval, and only if a suitable dowry could be set aside.  A man could marry whomever he wished, and was usually paid for the privilege.  A man taking lovers outside of that marriage was considered a dandy or a rake, while a woman doing so was called a whore.  As a man, she would never need to feign sickness in order to sneak out of her own dwelling en route to a rare evening of passion; she could just order a horse saddled and tell everyone in earshot that she would return when sexually satisfied, and not before.
Even as she was, the Duchess of Antriz and Lady of Ravenel had to carefully maneuver to keep herself in power.  A man might hold such titles and revenues without worry, but a woman could hold them only until she married; once bound in matrimony, all of her property would belong to her husband.
That was why it was so important to have a partner, and not just a spouse, someone like she thought Maddock could be to her.  Yes, he would benefit from her wealth, but she would benefit from his strength.  Those peasants who grumbled against her rule would have nothing to say at all once Maddock thundered at them.  And those in Kersen who complained of their poverty would have little enough to gripe about once her silver began to flow into the realm.  Their lands could be joined, bringing the exile of the Holy See into Zamora once and for all.  And they would rule those lands together, jointly, neither of them more powerful than the other.  
Lady Vianne reached for the tongs and placed another coal on the brazier, careful not to soil her gloves.  She would speak to him of these things, once she arrived.  Well, she would bed him first; men were usually far more amenable and pliant once their hardness had been softened.  But as the carriage jostled and bumped its way down the mountain, she began to think of her visit as far more than just another tryst.  She began to think of it as the beginning of a possible future, and found herself smiling at the thought.

PEACE

The problem, he decided, was that he did his job far too well.
Peace stood alone in a watch turret of his majestic castle and surveyed his entire domain.  Everywhere he looked, for as far as his eye could see, he found evidence that this realm he had created was perfect.  He saw happy families, lovers reunited, and hermits in solitude.  He saw houses neither too big nor too small, farms where crops grew regularly and received just the right mix of sun and rainfall, and workshops where the desired tool was always close at hand.  Those that loved cities lived in them, enjoying the bustle of urban life and marveling at the spaciousness of their dwellings and the wide streets that never needed cleaning.  Those that preferred a more rural setting found that each of their windows showed a breathtaking view of the lush countryside around them, with neighbors exactly as far away as they liked.
He had performed a circuit of his entire demesne.  Everywhere he went people greeted him warmly and thanked him profusely; some of them even knelt before him.  All of them assured him that they had everything they could possibly want, that they were content in ways they had never been before, that he had provided them with things they had never known they needed.  Every single soul told him the same thing:  They were content.  They were happy.  They were at peace.
He should have been happy himself; creating a place where everyone’s desires were satisfied had been exactly what he had set out to do so many centuries ago.  His realm was the fairest and happiest in all the lands of time.  He had wanted to create a place of eternal bliss, and he had done so. 
For everyone except himself.  
The expectation and anticipation he felt about the possibility of his future wife had become a constant distraction, like a sunbeam in his eye.  He could picture her almost without thinking; he could see the color of her cheek, the gentle slope of her neck, the hollow of her clavicle.  He could imagine how she would look seated to his right on a throne only slightly smaller than his own, how she would hold his hand as together they looked out over their court, where musicians and acrobats and jugglers all competed for her amusement.  
She was so close; his sister had promised him this, and gods kept their words.
He sighed.  Gods kept their words.
He had made a promise, also.  It had been rash, and he had known so at the time, but his desire for his future wife had been so strong that he had gone against his better judgment.  He had promised an army, and he was not going to be able to deliver one.
It came back to the same problem:  He did his job far too well.
He should have told Fortune it could not be done.  He should have known that he was doomed to fail.  He should have immediately recognized that he had created a paradisiacal realm; why would anyone wish to leave Paradise in order to return to what they had known before?  
In all of his realm, he had found eleven.  Out of a population that numbered beyond measure, he had found eleven men who were willing to take up arms and become the army for which Fortune had asked.  Even then, they did not want to go, but they had all been soldiers in their life in the world, and they had accepted his request out of what they remembered of duty.  He had promised three thousand, and could deliver eleven.  
Putting it far more mildly than it deserved, his sister would not be pleased.  He loved dear Fortune, but her anger was not a thing with which he cared to trifle, and there was no question that her anger would burn with the heat of molten lava over this.  She might never visit him again.  She might seek audience with their father and convince Lord Sky that he was unworthy of favor.
Mostly, though, she would refuse to bring him his wife.
After days spent pining and preparing and tingling with the anticipation of his nuptials, it was that last thought that proved most intolerable.  Naturally, it would be prudent of him to just let her go.  He certainly knew the histories of his own family, and was well aware that in almost every case, love affairs between gods and mortals did not end well, often causing difficulties on both the mortal and the eternal planes.  He had lived alone for eons, and he could do so for eons more.
But Peace was by no means foolish.  He could rationalize all he wished, but he also had to recognize that the damage was done.  The love he bore his mortal might end poorly, but that love had begun to blossom; the desire he felt for his future bride was already affecting the mortal and eternal planes.  He could say he did not need a wife, and it was true, but he wanted one, and the wanting of her was enough.  
He saw the future before him as clear as the water which came from the snowmelt of the distant mountains.  Desiring her and not having her would be the end of everything he had built.  That desire had introduced want into a realm where there had been none.  How long could a place created to fulfill every wish exist, if wishes remained unfulfilled for the god who had created it?  How long could those countless millions and billions of souls continue to claim they were happy and content, when the god who oversaw their lives was neither?  If Peace did not know peace, then everything he built would crumble and die.  
And then there was the other matter:  Gods kept their words.
He came down from the turret and journeyed far across his realm, coming to its end.  There, a sharp border existed.  The lush grasses of the plains ceased as a wall of what appeared to be smoky dark glass rose from the ground all the way into the sky.  On his side, that sky was blue and warm and perfect; on the other, it was overcast and threatening.  The landscape on the other side of that border was harsh and barren and plain, with jagged rocks strewn about as though an angry sculptor had chiseled the distant black mountains and let the leavings fall where they would.
“Brothers,” he said quietly, though no one was nearby.  “I seek an audience.”
The three of them came almost at once, their grotesque and misshapen forms half-walking and half-crawling toward him, scrambling back and forth between a semi-upright posture and their hands and knees.  Agony, Torment, and Despair—the Triplets, as they were called—were perhaps the best argument one could give as to why a god should not love a mortal.  Their mother had been a peasant girl, a simple goatherd—because of their appearance some stories claimed their mother had been an actual goat, but that of course was preposterous—but their father had been none other than Lord Sky himself.  The poor girl’s womb could not contain the power of the seed it held, and she had died in childbirth.  The Triplets only existed because they had eaten their way free of their maternal prison.  Sky had taken one look at them and cursed their very existence, but they were his offspring, and as such he did not kill them.
The Triplets might have proved troublesome if Peace had not offered them a place here.  Perhaps it was cruel, but part of the gods’ role in the lives of men was judgment, and judgment said that any number of the mortals were simply undeserving of the paradise he had created, and as such needed somewhere else to go.  The Triplets had provided a home for those unfortunate souls whose sins in the mortal realm had followed them here, and had proven quite adept at providing punishment in accordance with those crimes.
The mortals did not always like the arrangement that Peace had put in place, but it worked beautifully.  Paradise could not be Paradise if undesirable elements were allowed to exist there; their removal and transfer to the realm of the Triplets served to purify his own.  The Triplets, no matter how reviled they were, had brought order to the afterlife.  Some souls they purified; those that could learn a lesson, however late, might return to Peace at a later date.  Some souls were beyond redemption, and the Triplets had provided them a home, no matter how horrible.  And some souls were never meant to walk the world again—neither the mortal nor the eternal realms—and the Triplets had proved to be the perfect jailers.  
They halted in front of him and Peace discovered, as he did every time, that he could not discern which was which.  Their appearance was identical except for color; one was bone white, one jet black, and one grey.  Their forms seemed to shift through a variety of horrific gestures and facial expressions, but always in unison, perfect mirrors of each other.
“What do you want?” they asked, their three voices speaking as one.  One of them had a high, screeching voice, the other a low bass, and the third spoke in the middle; the resulting tone was dissonant and jarring.
“I have come to seek a favor,” Peace said, disliking this more with each word.
“What favor?”
“I seek two thousand, nine hundred and eighty-nine souls.”
The three of them moved together and pulled away from him, their bodies twisting and writhing against each other’s while they seemed to converse.  To Peace, it sounded like nothing except noise, but they broke apart once again and return to stand before him.
“Why?” they asked.
“Because gods keep their words.”

GEISERIC

Cold, wet, and injured, Geiseric Cole rode along the tiny stream until he came to a lightning-scarred tree.  Half of the trunk still stood, a splintered sentinel that marked his way; the other half now fell into the water, forming a small dam.  He dismounted and allowed all of the animals to drink.  The rain had dwindled to little more than a tiny mist that coated his eyelashes, and a rising wind pushed some of the clouds aside, allowing a sliver of moon to peek through.
When his growing herd had had their fill he took their reins once again and led them on foot into the trees.  About sixty paces in he came to a small clearing, where he dumped the corpse of his attacker before leading the animals away, removing their saddles and tethering them where they could graze.  He then moved to the edge of the clearing, where he searched by both sight and feel until he found a forked stick standing straight up out of the ground.  Lifting it out, he cleared the brush and leaves around it to reveal several wrapped bundles which looked no worse for wear after having spent twelve days buried in the underbrush.  He worked slowly, heavily favoring his right hand, but he managed to unroll the largest bundle.  The wood and kindling had remained dry.  He tied the oiled cloth between two tree branches, then pulled the other end back and weighted it with logs and stones until it formed a rough lean-to that would keep out what was left of the rain while making his fire more difficult to see from the road.  
Even that small amount of work turned his left arm numb, but he wanted one more thing before tending the wound.  Kicking aside the assorted detritus of the forest floor, he formed a bare patch where he set about building his fire.  While his left hand barely managed to hold the flint, soon enough he had a small blaze going.  Both the light and the warmth seemed like a fond welcome.  He pulled off his boots and stripped nude, though he had to cut himself out of his tunic due to the dagger which still protruded from his left arm.  The cloak and trousers remained useful, so he used more rope to make a makeshift clothesline and hung the sodden pieces over it.    
By then his arm hung like a lump of dead meat.  It throbbed with pain from the elbow to the shoulder, but had no feeling whatsoever from the elbow to the hand.  He moved toward the dead Talon once again, opening the third of four small pouches in her belt.  From it, he withdrew a small vial of powdered kusa root before retracing his steps toward the river.  
Breaking a stick from the nearby tree, he put it between his teeth, held his breath, and pulled out the throwing knife as cleanly as he could.  The wound bled freely, which wasn’t necessarily a bad thing; it would help remove any dirt that might have found its way inside.  He lay down on the bank and placed his whole arm under the rippling water, allowing the current to cleanse the wound.  When satisfied, he rose again and removed the stopper from the kusa root.  
Geiseric bit down on the stick as hard as he could as he sprinkled the powder over the wound, but a small groan still managed to escape his lips.  The sting of it brought tears to his eyes, but through them he could see the wound begin to cauterize, and the numbing agents in the root began to dull his pain almost immediately.  He poured more into his right hand and reached around to spread it over the exit side of the wound.  When finished, the bloodflow that only moments before had been generous had been reduced to little more than a trickle.
He moved upstream and bent to drink, then moved back to his camp and found needle and thread.  Working one-handed in the light of the fire, he sewed stitches into his own skin, tugging the wound closed and tying it off.  He had to use his teeth in order to tie a cloth bandage around the wound, but he managed.  He would not know the extent of his injury until the morning, but there was nothing more to be done now.    
He moved to another of his wrapped packages and drew on fresh leggings and a tunic, marveling at how good warm and dry clothing could feel after having been out in the rain for several turns.  His boots were still wet, but the forest floor was tolerably soft, so he left them to dry by the fire, the warmth of which began to make him sleepy.  He would have liked nothing better than to simply give in to that desire, but instead he ate a small amount of salted beef, then found his currycomb and moved toward the animals.  Other members of Shadow Squadron often ridiculed him for it, but Geiseric could rarely bed down for the night until he had seen to his mount.  The donkey was largely indifferent to his attentions, but the other two animals were new to him, and he wanted to make certain they trusted him.
Besides, he liked doing it.  It was one of those things—sharpening his blades was another—that was slow and methodical and rhythmic; he found it peaceful.  He moved from the donkey to the mare that he had taken from his would-be assassin.  By the time he began to brush the roan, he felt much calmer; calm enough to begin seeking answers to some questions.  He began with the most important one.
Kira, he sent via the mindlink. 
I’m here.
I have a very important question to ask you.
If this is a proposal, you’re making an awful mess of it.
It isn’t that, he sent.  
Tell me you’re all right. 
Geiseric smiled as he pulled the brush through the stallion’s mane.  I am.  But can you think of anyone who wants to kill me?
Why do you want to know?
Because someone just tried to kill me. He pulled methodically on the brush.
What?
They knew who I was.  They knew where I would be.  They’d have to be very well-connected to get that kind of information.
They’d have to be the Oracle to get that kind of information, she sent.  The only ones who could possibly know where you were are the Council and me.
He paused, allowing her to continue.  The roan seemed to like the attention.
You’re not thinking it was me, I hope?
I’m not thinking anything, he sent.  I’m just telling you what happened.
Geiseric—
I’m fine.
Take me, she sent, and he could tell that she meant it.  Take me, if you want, and see for yourself.
In a way, it was tempting.  The Church absolutely forbade it—it was considered the highest possible abuse of the mindlink—but of course many of them had done it at one time or another, anyway.  The link not only allowed for communication; taken to its extreme, it allowed the ability to control another person completely.  Of course a person could resist, but if permission was granted as Kira had just done, he could control her like a puppet on a string.  He could move her limbs, speak with her voice, and most importantly, know every one of her thoughts and memories, and she would not be able to revoke her permission; her life would only return to normal once he left voluntarily.    
There’s no need, he sent.
I want you to.  I want you to know for sure.
If you’re willing to have me take you, then I already know for sure.
So…It’s the Council?
He sighed, moving around to the horse’s other flank.  So it would appear.  The person who tried is a Talon.
What? The incredulity in her sending came through forcefully.  Who?
I don’t know them.
We know all the Talons.  You don’t recognize them?
No, but she has full gear—same weapons, everything.  If she’s not a Talon, then she’s someone who knows us well enough to imitate us convincingly.
By the gods.  You need to report this.
To whom?  How do I go to the Council if the Council wants me dead?
Master Damon, she sent.  Nicanor should know about this.
She had a point about that, but he didn’t see how he could make that happen.  It had been Master Damon who had led them all to the Old One’s pool and presided over the ceremony, but he was not a part of their link.  He could think of no way to get word to the master before he was due to arrive in Ilaadris.
Maybe.  For now, let’s keep this just between us.
Shadow Squadron, us?
No.  You and me, us.
She paused.  He could envision her rubbing her hands together, as she often did when she worried.  You sure you’re all right?
I’ll survive.  When you get back to the city, can you look into it for me?  See if there’s anything to learn?
I’ll try.  How soon ‘til you get back?
Seven, maybe eight days.  I have to finish the job, and then however long it takes me to travel.
You’re finishing the job when the Council wants you dead?
I don’t know the Council wants me dead.  I don’t know what’s happening, exactly.  And until I do, I have a duty to the Church.  
She paused so long that time that at first he thought she had severed the link, but he could still feel her in his head.  Are you sure you’re all right?
I’m sure.  I will be, anyway.
You know I love you.
I know.  The gods help you.
The gods help us both.  Take care of yourself, Geiseric.
I will, love.  You, too.
He broke the mindlink, letting her words of love linger as he finished his work on the stallion.  His left arm was still numb and weak, but he had begun to have a little feeling in it again; he hoped that a night of sleep would do a great deal to help restore him, but he still had more work to do before he got there; it was well past time to turn his attention to his assailant.    
He dragged the body closer to the fire and examined her by its light.  The face was young, barely out of her teens, but as he had noted before, it was not a face he knew.  There were only sixty-four Talons at any given time—eight squadrons of eight each—but this was not one of the sixty-four.  He supposed it was possible that in the three weeks he had been out a Talon had died and been replaced, but it seemed improbable that her first assignment would be to kill him.  Talons were simply not used against other Talons.  
But as he moved to her weapons, cataloguing them as he took them off her lifeless body and laid them out in the grass, he had to accept the possibility that perhaps they were.  From the sword to the throwing knives to the boot knives and beyond, she possessed items that were identical to his own, the workmanship clearly marking them as being made in Nicanor.  Improbable as it may be, there seemed to be no other ready explanation.  
He removed small vials from pouches on the woman’s belt.  The first was flash powder, and the second witches’ fire.  He made sure to place both of those at a safe distance from his own campfire.  The third had contained the kusa root which he had already used.  He paused in his perusal.  The fourth pouch was empty.  The woman had no alicante, which was unusual.  If she was a new Talon, it seemed highly doubtful that she would have had another assignment before coming to kill him.  Even if she had, using an entire vial of alicante on any job would be nigh on impossible; that much of the stuff could poison an entire cistern of water.
Another mystery came when he opened her purse.  The woman had eight small coppers and six large coppers, which wasn’t unusual in the least.  But she also had eighteen golds, and that was unusual.  Geiseric turned the coins over and over in his fingers, wondering what it could mean.  He bit one, but suspected it was real even before proving it.  No Talon he had ever known had that kind of money.  They were housed at state expense; room and board were part of what the Church provided for them.  They received payment for their missions, of course, but nothing like this; the two silvers he would earn for killing Count Maddock and starting a war with Zamora was more than any other job he had done.  But eighteen golds?  He had been a Talon for seven years, and had long since stopped counting the number of missions he had completed, but if he continued for seven times seven years, he would never earn as much as this woman carried now.
That much money perhaps lent itself to the idea that this Talon had had another assignment prior to coming here.  By Church law, a Talon was allowed to keep half of any money which came into his or her possession on a mission.  Such money could not be stolen—that was a sin, of course—but if one of the terminated was carrying a purse, that money could be taken by the Talon.  Or if a Talon had to kill in self-defense, or to preserve the mission, those victims’ purses were considered fair game, as well.  All that was required was that half of any such gains be offered to the Church upon the Talon’s return.  But the sum was still remarkable.  Count Maddock didn’t have eighteen golds, and he ruled a realm.
The rest of her person yielded no further answers, so he tossed another log on the fire and moved on to her saddlebags.  He found a dry change of clothes that were far too small for him, but she had a spare cloak that fit him nicely, and it was far superior to his own.  Her bedroll would provide added comfort to his own, and he would keep the saddle itself.  None of the items did anything to solve his quandary, but some of them would at least be useful.  
With that done, there was nothing more to be learned.  He returned to his assailant.  Though his left arm protested at being pressed into service, he grabbed both of her wrists and dragged the corpse back toward the river.  The body would wash up someplace, of course, but by then the fish would have eaten away any features that could be used to identify it.  He tossed the body into the water and watched as the current carried it downstream.
When it had disappeared from his sight, he turned back toward his camp, no wiser than he had been when he began.  He had gained some money, to be sure, but he wanted answers.  He still didn’t know his attacker, still didn’t know who had sent her, and still he didn’t know why anyone—much less the Council—wanted him dead.
Geiseric sighed and rubbed at his eyes.  He wasn’t going to get anywhere rehashing the same ideas over and over.  He still had his own mission.  It had been a long day, both physically and mentally draining.  He needed sleep first; answers would have to wait.  
He moved further under his makeshift shelter and grabbed the dead woman’s bedroll.  He untied the string that held it together, then shook out the blanket.  A large piece of parchment fluttered out of the folded blanket and fell near the fire.  He leapt at it, not wanting it to get too close to the flames.
He turned it over in his hands, staring at it, though he had seen similar documents any number of times before.  It was the dead Talon’s writ, the document that provided instructions.  There, in careful and precise handwriting, were the instructions to kill one Geiseric Cole.  The instructions said where he would be.  They even detailed the mission in which he was currently employed.  It was uncanny.  The level of detail in the writ exceeded anything he had ever received on one of his own assignments.
It might provide one answer, anyway.  A Talon was supposed to memorize and burn all writs so that no paper trail would lead back to the Church.  If she had kept it, the only reason was because this was her very first one.  It still should have been filed in Nicanor and not carried on her person, but it made some sense.  She was no Talon, but a Talon-in-training.  The very first mission was known as the Initiation; pass and training was over.  Fail, and one would serve Nicanor in another manner.  The writ was kept at Nicanor in case the trainee returned successfully, and then it was used as part of the closing ceremonies to elevate that person to full-fledged Talon.
He could not be sure that was right, but it felt right.  It did not explain why she carried so much coin, but it illuminated why he did not know her, as well as why she carried no alicante; by Council law, alicante was the exclusive property of the Talons; it would not be administered to a trainee.  
Most troubling of all was the seal.  Talons could be sent on a mission only at the behest of the Council; they were far too dangerous to be given over to anyone else.  He held the seal closer to the fire, hoping that in the light it might be revealed as a forgery, but he was disappointed.  The seal showed the profile of an eagle, with nine stars in an arc overhead.  This was a true Council Writ; only the ring of one of the Nine could have made such a seal.  Uncomfortable as it was to admit, that could only mean one thing:  For whatever reason, the Council wanted him dead.  
He carefully folded the writ and put it into his own saddlebags, not able to find answers for any of his growing amount of questions.  Did this mean that he should abort his mission?  Had his attacker been sent so that he would somehow fail to kill Count Maddock?   And of course the biggest question was:  Why?  Why would the Council send him on this mission and then suddenly want him dead?
Factions existed within the Church, as they did in any large group or organization, but Geiseric believed himself to be in the most powerful one.  He was considered to be one of the Patriarch’s men, and that reputation was deserved.  Patriarch Lambard Comnena had been kind to him since his time as an acolyte, looking out for him as a young boy navigating his way through a world usually reserved for the rich and privileged.  If such a thing was possible he considered the man a friend, despite the vast age difference that separated them.  Despite all evidence to the contrary, Geiseric refused to believe that the Patriarch would oversee an order to kill him without at least offering him a chance to answer for any alleged crimes.  
He shook his head and moved toward his blankets.  He needed sleep.  This mystery went too far for him to be able to plumb the depths of it when he was already doing everything possible just to stay awake.  Perhaps Kira would think of something.  Perhaps he would think more clearly in the morning.  He hoped so.  He needed to have a plan by the time he returned to Ilaadris, or he was a dead man.
He lay down on a stolen bedroll with a throwing knife near his right hand.  He closed his eyes and tried to concentrate on the warmth of his small fire.  His arm hurt.  It took quite some time, but finally, mercifully, he drifted away to a place where his troubles faded and his dreams made him welcome.

GERGEN

It began as any other day.  Gergen awoke on his cot in the midst of the barracks, the stale air reeking of leather and steel, the exhaled scent of last night’s wine, the farts and belches of sleeping men.  He cursed the daylight for having come too soon and rolled over, pulling the blankets tighter about him.  He tried to find some small measure of warmth and comfort to coerce him back to sleep, but it was no use.  His back was stiff, his blankets thin and threadbare, and the fire—which only last night had seemed welcoming and jovial—had turned to dull grey ash in a cold stone pit.
In Adavinda, he would have awakened as naked as the day he was born, the smell of the sea coming through the open window on the warm tropical breeze.  He would have had a real bed, and he would have shared it with a brown-skinned woman with amber eyes whose breasts would be ample enough to provide all the pillow he needed.
He sighed.  He was no longer in Adavinda.  He would never be in Adavinda again.
But here at Castle Greydawn, it seemed his luck was changing.
He found his boots, slipping them on in the chill morning air.  Moving quietly—others were still sleeping around him, and it might help if he stayed in their good graces—he traversed the short distance to the end of his makeshift bed, where a small wooden trunk held every possession he had left in the world, save for a sword of Nourellian steel which leaned against the wall.
It didn’t take him long to pack.  He took his meagre belongings—spare cloak, spare boots, a dagger that had belonged to his great-uncle Neltor, and a coinpurse that had far less to show for a life of wandering than he might have liked—and placed them on the blanket of his cot, then tied the blanket closed, sealing everything inside.  He took one last look around the barracks that had been his home for the past three years.  He suddenly felt a surge of comradeship for the men he saw sleeping there, and for those already on duty on the walls.  Odd, he thought, how gratitude for one’s companions was so often found only at the end of one’s time together.  Ah, well; it wasn’t that he would never see them again, only that he would see them in a different capacity.  He hoped he had been enough of a friend that their new relationship would prove beneficial to all.
In any event, he could hardly spill his guts to sleeping men, and he had a job to do.  He buckled his sword around his waist, picked up the blanket that housed his belongings, and moved outside.  He passed through the kitchens, stealing his usual morning biscuit, which seemed especially warm and fine that morning.  With nothing left to do, he made his way to the keep.
“Good morning, Tomas,” he said when he spied the chamberlain waiting at the main door.
“Good morning to you, Commander,” Tomas replied.  He even bowed slightly.  “I am instructed to show you to your quarters.”
“Thank you.  But please call me Gergen.  I hope that one promotion doesn’t change me that much.”
The older man smiled.  “You’d be surprised, Commander.  Gergen.  But come: This way, please.”
They did not travel far.  The chambers reserved for the Commander of the Palace Guard were located on the main floor—refreshingly close to the kitchens, Gergen thought—so they would be accessible to both his men and to the main doors of the keep.  Tomas produced a key and unlocked a heavy oak door that had been unused for quite some time, then opened it and stepped aside, allowing Gergen to enter first.
He stepped into the room, trying not to let his mouth hang open.  Castle Greydawn had not become any richer overnight, and in truth the chambers were sparse, barely furnished, and showed signs of disuse despite the fact they had been recently cleaned and swept.  Still, for a man who had spent the past three years on a cot in a barracks with a dozen others, this was luxury.  He realized instantly that he had not one, but two rooms; a sitting room where he now looked about in awe, and a separate bedchamber for sleeping.  
The sitting room held a desk and chair which faced the door, no doubt where he would be receiving those on duty and assigning tasks for the day.  Nearer the hearth were two couches, set across from one another for conversation, with a large chair directly across from the hearth itself; he imagined that six or seven men could sit there comfortably.  He spied a separate table aside from the desk, with two more chairs; a small caissa set stood on that, though he did not know how to play.  Wooden shutters stood closed on one wall.  He knew from his previous duty that there were only arrow slits and not windows behind them, but they would let in fresh air when he wanted it, and he had no want of light; he saw three lamps full of oil, and half a dozen candles.
The sitting chamber pleased him to no end, but the bedchamber came close to making a grown man weep.  A small alcove stood to one side, and in it he spied not one, but four uniforms, all bearing the sigil of Castle Greydawn.  Two new pairs of boots stood on the floor of the alcove, and to one side—on a dressing dummy, no less—a suit of shining chain mail.  A small washstand stood next to that, already filled with water that still steamed slightly in the morning air.  Still another table stood next to the bed, bearing yet one more lamp on its top shelf, and the cleanest chamber pot Gergen had ever seen on its lower one.  An oak trunk stood on one wall, waiting to receive his possessions, but he realized immediately that he had no possible hope of filling it.
And then there was the bed.  Oh, by the gods, he had a bed, a real one with four posts and a crossed-rope base with a large pad of feather ticking on top of it, and even a pillow!  He hoped such a thing would not make him soft, but he hadn’t known such pleasures since Adavinda; in truth, he’d never expected to know such a thing again.  All he had done was spy a monk on a road, but a fortnight later he was rich.
“I hope it’s to your liking, Commander?”
“It’s wonderful,” Gergen said, meaning every word, so impressed that he didn’t bother to correct Tomas about calling him by name.  “My thanks to you and your staff, my lord chamberlain.”  If the older man continued to use formal titles, perhaps it would be best for him to reciprocate.
“Very good,” Tomas said.  “His lordship wishes you to have a turn or so to settle in, and then he would like to meet you in his chambers to discuss your new role.”
“Of course.”
“Shall I have them bring you your breakfast, or do you prefer to take it in the kitchens?”
Gergen shook his head, trying to process.  Everything was happening faster than he had imagined.  “Ah—well, if it could be brought here, that would be wonderful,” he said.  “I’ll just take a moment to clean up and get into uniform.”
“As you wish,” the chamberlain said.  
Tomas stepped forward and held out a small metal object, and it took Gergen more than a moment to recognize that it was a key.  He had often felt that Kersen’s interdict had nothing to do with him.  Now, with the chance of its removal on the thoughts and lips of almost everyone, Gergen found himself willing to believe he had been favored of the gods.  When was the last time he had been important enough to hold a key to anything?
“I’ll inform the cooks.  Welcome to your new home, Commander.”
“Thank you.  Thank you very much.”
Tomas once again bowed slightly and backed toward the door, closing it behind him.  Gergen stood in the center of the chamber and turned a slow circle, taking in the largesse which the count had bestowed upon him.  
He had hardly believed it when Count Maddock had approached him just the day before with the offer of the promotion.  Indeed, his first response was to decline; if any man deserved such a post, Gergen believed it should be Crandall, not him.  The idea that he might be taking a post that another deserved struck him as dishonorable.  But the count had anticipated such a response, and told him that Crandall would be needed on the walls, as the count planned to hire more men and double the guard.  Crandall would still be Head of the Guard, but Gergen would be Commander of the Palace Guard, and was to choose any six men he wished from among the ranks in which he served.
Once the count had gone, Gergen had sought out Crandall immediately, tried to beg the older man to reconsider, but Crandall wanted none of it.  After a lifetime spent on the walls, he said, he wanted to stay with what he knew, and finish as he begun.  Besides, he had argued, Gergen was the best fighter at Castle Greydawn, and the best would be needed to guard the keep and keep the count and his lady safe.  
Gergen had tried to reason with his old commander, but it had been no use.  Gergen had acquiesced, and the two men sat down together to discuss which six of the guards Crandall would be able to spare for duty in the keep.  Gergen had chosen Balderick immediately, not due to the man’s skill, but rather owing to how much Crandall disliked him.  After that, it was easy; Oran and Rylee were men that Crandall could spare and were used to night shifts, while Ponce, Barton, and Makki were solid men that Crandall believed could be made into even better fighters with a little practice.  
And so he had—despite reasonable efforts to avoid it—come to be Commander of the Palace Guard, with all the trappings that came along with it.  If he ever saw the monk Geiseric again, he was likely to kiss the man on the mouth.
He moved to the bedchamber, untying his shoddy blanket and retrieving the dagger.  The rest he simply dumped inside the trunk; nothing in his own possessions was finer than what he had been given.  He stripped to the waist and washed; the water had been placed there quite some time before, but the idea of washing with any water that held even a semblance of warmth was novel.  He spent longer on the task than he usually did, and felt somewhat ashamed at how brown the water looked once he finished.  That done, he worked his way into his new uniform and strapped on his sword once again, placing the dagger on its opposite side.  By the time that was done he heard a knock at the door.
“Where would you like your breakfast, Commander?”
The kitchen lass was short and stout, probably older then he was by a dozen or more years.  It was a simple question, but it took him a moment to respond; he tried to think of the last time a woman had spoken to him directly and found that he could not do it.  “Um—the desk, I think.”
“As you wish,” she said with a smile and slight curtsy.  She moved speedily across the room and set the tray down on his desk.
“Thank you.”
“You’re quite welcome, Commander.  I’m Maisie.”
“Gergen.  I hope you’ll call me that.”
She curtsied again, deeper this time, and smiled at him.  “As you wish, Gergen; at least in private I will.  When you’ve finished your breakfast, just bring the tray back to the kitchens and we’ll take care of it for you.  The Lord Chamberlain says you’re to meet with His Lordship right soon.”
“Indeed I am.  Thank you again.”
The cook left, and Gergen moved to the desk.  He almost cried again when he lifted the top of the tray.  The kitchens in the barracks had kept him fed, to be certain, but this was a feast such as he hadn’t seen in years: eggs and sausages, even toast with honey, and a cup of tea that was so hot he burned his lip when he tried to sip from it.  He was startled to see utensils; he could not recall the last meal he had not eaten with his hands or a trencher of bread.  The smell of the food was almost too much to bear, and he set about devouring it with the energy of a man just released from the dungeons.
A short while later, his tray returned to the kitchen, he began to climb the stairs leading to the count’s chamber.  The library door was open, and he noticed the Countess Erinn, her back to the door, already at her books.  She did not look up, so he quietly moved past, not wishing to disturb her.  He had taken enough lessons himself to know that the countess had proved to be an admirable student of Geiseric’s—certainly far more skilled in such matters than he himself was—and she seemed dedicated to the idea of continuing her studies even now that the monk was gone.  Gergen continued upwards for one more flight until he reached the lower levels of Count Maddock’s chambers.
He knocked sharply, and Tomas pulled the door open.  It was only the second time he had been in the count’s chambers, and he marveled at them all over again.  He knew that Castle Greydawn was poorer than any other keep in the Holy See, but one might not know it to look at the count’s large chambers; it had been years since he had seen actual glass windows anywhere else.  The room was masculine and somehow both cluttered and sparse at the same time, but Gergen knew that money had been spent to furnish it; the lionskin rug alone was probably worth more than a year of his wages.  A staircase along one wall led up to what he assumed was the count’s bedchamber.  That wasn’t really any of his business, unless the count should somehow be threatened there.
“Good morning, Commander Gergen!” the count cried merrily.  
Gergen wasn’t certain if he was supposed to or not—they hadn’t really set up any rules on such things yet—but he saluted, snapping his heels together and bringing his right hand over his heart while bowing his head.  “Your Lordship,” he said.
“Enough of that, Gergen.  Save the formalities for the formal occasions.  How are your rooms?”
“Excellent, my lord.  Far more than I expected.”
“You’ll earn them, believe me.  You have commanded men before, yes?”
He thought back to long ago, times that he did not always care to remember, when the rebellion had seemed daring and not futile.  “I have, my lord.  And I will do my best to be of use to you.”
“Of that I’ve no doubt.”  
The count sat in a chair near the fire, and gestured for Gergen to do the same.  There is a fireplace in my rooms too, Gergen thought to himself.  It had never occurred to him to light a fire during the day, and in summertime, no less, but in addition to its largely unnecessary warmth the fire made the room seem both brighter and drier; with the constant damp that hung in the air from the falls, that last quality seemed especially desirable.
“In truth,” Maddock continued, “for the time being there is going to be precious little for you and your men to do.  Oh, I’d like you to get in the habit of patrolling the palace, of course, but I imagine it will be some time before we have any other visitors, and hopefully even longer before we see any kind of threat.”
“Gods willing,” Gergen said.
His Lordship smiled.  “Yes, I suppose we can begin to say such things again, can’t we?  I imagine it will be just one of many changes that will be coming to Castle Greydawn.  I’d like you to be a part of those changes, and hence your promotion.  I am going to move forward as though our friend Geiseric will be successful in his task.  That may prove to be foolish, so change will come slowly, but just the feeling of hope that has come to us in the past few days is something I plan to nurture.  I choose to believe that Kersen will once again soon become a major player in the world, and when it is, we will need to be ready.”
“Of course, Your Lordship.  What would you like me to do?”
“I wish you to continue your studies with Lady Erinn.  It will be some time before our new tutor arrives, but I wish you to take those lessons.  I don’t need you to don a scholar’s robes or begin writing poetry, but as Commander of the Guard you’ll be responsible for payment of your men, and so on, and I’ll need someone who can read reports and keep accurate records.”
Gergen looked at him in shock.  He had never suspected literacy could have any use to a swordsman.  “As you wish, my lord.”
“Following that, I want your men—you’ve found your men?”
“I have, my lord.”
“I want your men on duty.  If all goes well with the monk, we will increase your staff, but to begin with I’m afraid you all will have some long shifts.”
“Nothing we can’t handle, my lord.”
“Excellent,” Maddock smiled, leaning back in his chair.  “I also want you to make a thorough inspection of Greydawn.  Work with Crandall on the walls and baileys, but you’re in charge of it, and the keep is your sole responsibility.”
“What am I looking for, my lord?”
“I have let Greydawn decay for far too long, and it is time to make repairs.  You’re a fighting man.  I want you to think like our enemy.  Where are we vulnerable?  How do we withstand a siege?  You understand what I mean; I want you—with Crandall’s help—to find where we are weak, and make us strong.”
“I can do that, my lord,” Gergen said.  “But is there news I should know?  Are we being threatened?”
“No, no,” Count Maddock said, waving a hand.  “I wish to be prepared, that is all.  For many years we have avoided attack largely because our potential enemies thought us so poor as to be unworthy of their efforts.  We have traded with Zamora, largely because it was the only nation with whom we could do business.  If the Church should reinstate us, our trade will go elsewhere, and Zamora might be angry.”
Gergen nodded.  “It shall be done, my lord.”
“Very good,” Maddock said.  The count rose to his feet, so Gergen moved quickly to follow.  “Enjoy your post, Commander.  You’ve earned it.  I’ll expect regular reports.”
Gergen saluted again, then took his leave, as the count seemed to have no further need of him.  He exited the chamber and made his way down the curving stone stairs.  He was about to pass the open library door, but decided better of it and knocked on the doorframe.
“Gergen,” Countess Erinn said, rising to her feet and smoothing her skirts.  “Or, should I say Commander Gergen?”
He smiled.  “Gergen is fine, my lady.  I am instructed to continue my studies with you, if you don’t mind the company.”
She came forward and put her hands on his upper arms, squeezing them once and smiling at him.  “I don’t mind in the least,” she said, moving back to her chair, “although I fear I am nowhere near the tutor that our beloved Geiseric was.”
Gergen moved to take a chair next to her.  A large group of books sat on the table.  “Well, we shall do what we can until a new tutor arrives.”  
“Indeed.”  She smiled once more and returned to her reading.  Commander Gergen selected a book of nursery rhymes from off of the pile, and began to do his best to decipher it.

VIANNE

The Duchess of Antriz awoke alone in a bed that was much too big.  She had slept well—she often did when away from her role as the Lady of Ravenel—but the fire had dwindled overnight, allowing a chill to enter the room that made her feel old.  She rose and quickly wrapped a thick dressing gown about her naked form, stepping into a pair of slippers before walking toward the window.  A quick look out the shutters showed the rain of the previous evening had abated; dawn blossomed golden and shining across the rugged foothills of Zamora.  It brightened her spirits and firmed her resolve, and she suddenly wished to be on her way as hastily as possible.
She dressed in a simple gown and traveling cloak.  She would not see her lover until the following day, and she could save the primping and preening until the morrow.  Opening her door, she found Euric awake and ready, and she gave him instructions to see about the quickest way to break their fast.
A short time later Waldron, Euric, and their driver—whose name she did not remember, if indeed she had ever known it—stood with her near the kitchen, eating biscuits and drinking hot spiced cider while the innkeeper and his son wrestled her trunk down the stairs and took it outside.  In under a turn they were dressed, fed, and loaded, and the four of them moved back outside to the carriage.
The horses seemed pleased to see dry daylight as opposed to rainy night, and when the driver cracked his whip over their heads the carriage lurched into motion, quickly leaving the tiny village behind.  Out the windows of her carriage, she could see the last of summer’s wildflowers growing along the hillsides of her rocky home; she was warm enough under her sheepskin, so she lowered the glass of the window to allow their fragrance to accompany her.
The middle day of this journey was always the worst of the three.  The dash from Ravenel in the middle of the night never took long and provided some measure of excitement.  The morrow would be another long day in the carriage, but at the end of it she would at least meet her lover and find some comfort there.  But this day was merely for traveling, a long wait in a carriage with little enough to do, and such things easily grew tedious.  
The sunshine helped, however, and as the morning passed she realized that her carriage made excellent time.  The driver kept a steady pace, not racing but not dawdling, and the leagues ticked slowly by as the late summer sun climbed higher into the morning air.  The further she drew away from Ravenel, the more she seemed to relax and let the cares of stewardship drift away from her, to be replaced by an almost giddy feeling at the thought of the tryst to come.
She could not have said exactly when it happened.  But somewhere between the cold and empty bed and the sun’s zenith, she decided that she would marry Count Maddock of Kersen.
She told herself that the idea’s impetus had come long before that morning; indeed, she had entertained such a notion only the previous night.  She worked to convince herself that her decision was the byproduct of careful and rational analysis, and not the chill she had felt that morning as she woke up alone, and as the road rolled by beneath her wheels she became successful in doing so.  She would have to marry sooner or later.  The suitors that openly pressed for her hand bored her, and in her current role she had a rather limited opportunity to find other suitors.  And—honesty demanded she address this—she was growing older.  Maddock could make her feel young again, and in doing so provide the solution to her other concerns.
Him, she could marry.  It wasn’t even that she could, precisely, but rather that such a match might actually please her.  Their political alliance would make sense; Ravenel would be a jewel to add to his holdings, and Kersen would provide much-needed agriculture compared to the rocky outcroppings of her mountain home.  The two lands were adjacent to one another, so they could rule from Ravenel or from Greydawn, or both. 
On top of that, she actually liked the man.  She would not go all the way to saying that she loved him, but she certainly might come to that if she saw him more than just a stolen night or two every few months.  Certainly he was smitten with her, or he would not trouble to continue to send for her.  And he would be warmth on the other side of the bed.  After fifteen years a widow, the importance of that could not be ignored.
The more she pondered it, the more the idea began to take form in her mind.  Ravenel needed a lord, and Greydawn deserved a lady who could serve a proper tea and didn’t have dirt under her fingernails.  She understood why Maddock had taken the peasant for his wife at the time; gold was always a strong motivator.  But her usefulness had expired long ago, and keeping her now was not that much different from keeping a pet.  Erinn was as useful as a countess as Vianne was as goatherd; one needed to know one’s place.
Putting aside Maddock’s young bride should be easy, under the circumstances.  Had Kersen still been a part of the diocese and under the constricting demands of the Church, a divorce might be a rather difficult thing.  But out here among the so-called heretics it was not only possible, but relatively common.  Maddock had a tendency to live by Church standards even though the Church had left long ago; she could nudge him in a different direction.
Vianne found herself twisting a strand of her long red hair around her fingers and stopped herself.  It was a bad habit, and worse, a childish one.  She let her hair fall where it would and put her hands in her lap, wishing them to be still.  But yes… She would have to broach the subject most carefully, almost certainly when they were abed.  She would love him until he was soft and pliable, and then she would sell him on the idea by using all the nights to come where she would be willing to do the same again.  She would speak of how they might help each other, and then she would arouse him once more and love him again, just to make certain.
It was a simple plan, but the best plans were simple ones.  The farmer’s daughter had been no good to him for years, not since her dowry had run dry and her family mines had been lost.  It was, Vianne thought, well past time for Teremun gold to be replaced with Antrizian silver.
She laced her fingers together to keep them out of her hair and smiled to herself as she looked out the windows at the wildflowers.   Outside the sun shone brightly.  She sat and watched as it became a beautiful day.

ERINN

She did not remember a time when she was this happy at Greydawn.  She supposed she must have been on the day Maston was born, but in truth she didn’t remember being happy so much as tired from his delivery and relieved that her primary duty as countess had been accomplished.  It had been a different kind of happiness than the one she felt now.  Her previous forays into joy were almost always about pleasing someone else:  Making her father happy, or her husband, or her son.  She was not certain how many years had passed since she had been happy just for her, but she found she very much liked the feeling.
So much had changed so quickly that it was difficult to keep up.  Her husband had perhaps been rash in supposing that Geiseric’s mission would find success, but he had decided to spend what little reserves he had, and Greydawn was better for it.  Guards roamed the keep as well as the walls.  Tailors kept busy making new uniforms for them, as well as new livery for the servants.  Plans were being made to repair the castle and reinforce the gates, and that would put a number of her people to work.  
Countess Erinn fervently hoped it was not all in vain.  Like her husband, she had high hopes for Geiseric’s mission, but she did not wish to go too far down that road.  She could only imagine what would happen to her husband—and for that matter, the entire populace—if the Council decided that Geiseric’s evidence was insufficient to overturn the interdict.  If all of this newfound hope and enthusiasm proved to be for naught, Castle Greydawn would become grey indeed, darkened by the mood of everyone who lived there.
Still, for all her worries, she could not help but be infected by the shared enthusiasm around her; if hers was more cautious than most, it came from a lifetime of experience in which disappointment had been a constant companion.  She wanted to believe, wanted it more than anything, but she would remain hesitant until official word had been received.
She made her way back to the keep and inside, moving through the kitchens, which were far less imposing than the main door.  Her staff curtsied as she passed through, but she bid them rise and continued on her way.  Only a fortnight ago she might never have come this way—her chambers were on the other side of the keep and up an entirely different set of stairs—but she found herself drawn back here again and again.
Stepping into the library and closing the doors behind her was like entering a sanctuary, or so it seemed.  This was the feeling that the cantors and monks had tried to impress upon her as a young girl.  This was what they promised the Church would provide—a feeling of peace and contentment and removal of the cares of the outside world.  To be fair, she supposed the Church had provided it, but not until her twenty-second year.  This room, these books—and the fascinating ability to actually read them—was happiness.
She moved to the table and sat down, glancing again at the collection which Geiseric had left behind.  She had finished three of them the previous day and one that morning, and now here she was again, back for more of the same.  
Erinn had decided that books were magic.  All manner of myths and legends had elements of magic in them, but she had always believed that such a thing had been lost, if it had ever existed at all.  But here in this room (and in others, she knew) was a collection of magic.  For what else could expand the mind the way that hers had grown in such a short time?  What else could transport her to an entirely different place without ever having to leave her chair?  It was true that not every book was particularly interesting—she had spent a portion of the previous day reading a short treatise on how to increase crop yields through better planting techniques—but just the notion that people’s thoughts and ideas and yes, their planting techniques, were available continued to impress her.  She had had no idea how closed her world had been until the monk Geiseric had caused it to open before her like a flower in spring.  She could think of little else except where the next story would come from, and where it might take her once she opened its cover.
Though she remained enthusiastic, she had no illusions about her reading skill.  She knew she had progressed beyond her son and beyond Gergen, but it was easy enough to tell that many of the books which Geiseric had left her were designed for children even younger than Maston.  There were still any number of words she could not pronounce, any number whose meaning was lost to her; at least a dozen times in any reading she found it necessary to skip ahead and try to piece together what had happened before by those portions she could understand.  But she discovered that the more she did it, the easier reading became.  If she had to read in public she knew she would sound like a simpleton.  But even what she could do—even that little bit—was enough to make her heart soar and make her wish for still more.
She gathered another book:  The Sad and Interesting Tale of Balon the Bard.  She wasn’t sure she would like a sad tale, but interesting was good.  She had no idea who Balon the Bard might be.  But she smoothed her skirts and opened the book and began to read, knowing soon enough that she might find out.

GEISERIC

When the sun sent the first rosy fingers of dawn creeping among the trees, Geiseric Cole opened one eye, saw that all was well, and then gathered his bedroll closer about himself and calmly went back to sleep.  
The previous day was not one that he would care to repeat, but because of it he now had the luxury of time.  Initially, his intentions had been to walk back to Greydawn Castle, which would have taken two days.  Thanks to Count Maddock’s gift and the mare taken from his would-be assassin, he could make the journey in one.  Since he wanted to put some distance between the count’s death and the departure of Geiseric the monk, he had nothing to do this day but rest.
When he finally opened his eyes once again several turns later, he found himself even more grateful for the reprieve.  The arm that had taken the knife had most of its feeling restored, but it ached dully, and he remained unable to fully close his fist.  It wasn’t enough to make him abandon his mission, but it was an inconvenience, and an extra day of rest might improve things.  
He rose stiffly, stretched, and then moved toward the animals, grooming them once again before leading them back to the river to drink.  When that was done and he had tethered them where they could forage for more food, he broke his own fast and moved off into the trees.  He found wild ginger easily enough, and used his boot knife to dig some of it out from among the tree roots.  Within a turn he had come across wintergreen, as well.  He carefully picked two or three leaves and a couple of its reddish berries to take with him.  He then spent a good deal of the morning looking for lavender, but without success.  
Back at camp, he took the ginger and wintergreen and chopped it very fine, then brewed it in a tea to drink.  With that done, he took the moist ingredients and made a paste, applying it over the wound to his arm and once again cinching a bandage around it.  
After that, he had next to nothing to do, so even though his injury made his movements awkward, he stripped to the waist, drew his sword and went through his fighting forms in their entirety, from Wind in the Willows to Ascendant Dragon.  His body began to sweat after barely a quarter-turn; two weeks as a monk had left him out of shape.  When he finished with the sword, he drew his two long daggers and went through the forms again.  
Only when he had completed both cycles, and when his own perspiration fell in salty droplets from the tip of his nose to land on the forest floor, did he finally move out to the river and allow himself to take his fill to drink.  He returned to his campsite for a cold lunch and more tea, once again treating the wound in his arm.  He collected the weapons of his would-be killer and bundled them together to take back to Ilaadris.  He had no use of them, but they were quality blades, and they could possibly be used to help another trainee.  If nothing else they would help corroborate his story, if such corroboration was required.  
He tried not to think too much about what lay ahead in Ilaadris.  A Council Writ ordering his execution was not a trivial matter, and it would need to be investigated sooner or later.  He thought back on what Kira had said about contacting Master Damon.  It wasn’t a poor idea, but it also didn’t help much; if the Council really did want him dead, then there was no place within the Church that he could turn.  He supposed he could flee, west to Zamora or east to the Sarhan Empire, but such cowardice wasn’t in his nature.  The situation bore further contemplation, but he had already begun to lean toward the idea of going back to Ilaadris and confronting the Council head on.  If he was such a poor servant of the Church, he would much rather know their reasoning and accept his fate than glance at every shadow in case a knife came out of the dark.
And, if he truly was going to be the faithful servant he professed, he needed to go back at the conclusion of a successful mission.  He had learned long ago that the best course of action was to confront the most immediate issue in front of him, and that meant preparing for Greydawn; he would have a ride of several days to ponder what to do about the Council.
He spent the afternoon oiling and sharpening his weapons; they were the tools of his trade, and he tended them the way a good musician looked after his instrument.  When finished, he carefully repacked all of his weapons and vials and placed them near his armor, wrapping all of it with not one, but two of his oiled cloths.  The day was warm and showed no signs of further rain, but he liked to be careful.  By then it was time to eat a late dinner and retrieve the animals.  Soon enough he was asleep.
On the morning of his second day away from Greydawn, he awoke feeling almost whole.  His left arm still felt weak, but he could make a fist and hold a blade comfortably.  He had pain, but certainly not enough to abort the mission.  He ate and tended to the horses once again.  The roan had begun to expect him, which was good; he would never be able to keep the beast, but at least it would make the work of the stablehands in Ilaadris that much easier.  
He donned his black tunic and leggings, and placed a special article of clothing of his own design over his head and around his neck.  He put on his black boots, and placed one knife inside each.  He strapped himself into his own boiled leather armor, buckled on his belt, then attached the two parrying daggers to it.  He put the bandolier of throwing knives over his left shoulder, then secured his sword to his back, the hilt reaching up over his right.  Over all of it, he placed the black cloak of a Talon, lifting his hood to conceal the tonsure which would need several more days to grow in.
He felt good to be dressed.  After his years of service, he had grown so accustomed to wearing the gear of a Talon that wearing anything else felt wrong.  Being fully armed was a little like coming home.  He frittered away most of the afternoon in his little forest clearing, stripping down his camp and hiding his other supplies.  Only well after midday did he decide to ride; he hoped to arrive at Greydawn after dark.  He saddled the mare that had belonged to the Talon-in-training.  He had left the bridle wrapped in cloth; it made the metal more difficult to see, and even more difficult to hear.  Tethering the roan and the mule in the clearing, he set out for Greydawn at a mild canter, saving most of the horse’s energy for a rapid departure later in the evening.
He had learned from his first journey that guards at the gates could see for half a league or more down the road, so he waited until well after nightfall for his final approach.  He doubted that anyone would notice a dark rider on a dark horse, even with the sliver of moonlight that fell from the heavens, but his was not the kind of mission where it was prudent to take unnecessary chances.  Greydawn seemed dark and foreboding in the distance, the sound of the falls already an ever-present hiss in the background.  When he felt he had come as close as he dared, he tethered the horse in a small copse of trees and continued on foot.      
He was still a goodly distance away when he began to notice the guards.  There were still four on duty near the gates, but now he saw two others on the walls, patrolling back and forth.  That had changed since his departure, but it mattered little; he would simply need to be a bit more careful in gaining access.  He skirted the walls, moving toward the northeast and away from the cliff face.  He kept to the shadows and darted among the natural ground cover, all the while keeping track of the guards.  He continued his circumnavigation of the walls until he came to his entrance point, where he stopped and cursed under his breath.  
Someone had cut down his tree.
Things go wrong with the plan, he reminded himself.  Greydawn’s defenses had been notoriously lacking, but for whatever reason, Maddock had begun to take steps to improve them.  Geiseric knew it couldn’t have anything to do with him; while changes such as this naturally made one suspicious, no one at Greydawn had any reason to tie him to an attempt on the count’s life.  More likely, Maddock had hoped that interdiction would be lifted, and he wanted to improve the castle before an official delegation arrived.  Ultimately, though, the cause of it didn’t matter; he needed another way inside.
The daily journeys he had taken away from the library served their purpose.  He remembered a crack in the mortar of the outer wall that had extended all the way up the side.  It would not be as easy to climb as the tree, but it would work.  What was most important was that it would probably be there; Maddock might have had time to order a tree cut down, but repairs in a wall that size would take time that the count had not yet had.
Geiseric paused for a moment, reaching up to the special article of clothing around his neck.  He pulled up one half until it formed a very tight hood, tucking what hair he still had inside of it.  The other half pulled up in front until it covered his nose and mouth.  By the time he was done, only his eyes and his hands were visible; the rest of him seemed made of darkness.
When the closest guard moved away, Geiseric quickly sprinted toward the walls, drawing himself up tight against their cool side.  Guards had a tendency to look out and not down; so as long as he stayed close to the wall he should be able to avoid detection.  He had to travel all the way around the outer wall to the opposite compass point, but soon enough he came to the crack he had recalled, and smiled to find that it remained untouched.  His left hand and arm gave only minor protest as he climbed, which was good; it meant the ginger and wintergreen had helped.  He rose until just his head was above the wall, quickly scanning from left to right.  He saw a guard, but several paces away and with his back to Geiseric.  It was easy enough to pull himself up and over before the guard turned around.  He scampered to the other side, but here there were no roofs upon which to descend.  He had no choice but to cast his feet over and climb all the way down.
At the bottom, he paused and once again drew himself tight to the cool stone.  He heard the footsteps of the guard approach, turn, and then walk away from him once more, and then he quickly moved toward the nearest building, which happened to be the barracks.  Geiseric briefly considered what might happen if its occupants knew that a would-be assassin crouched in the shadows under the eaves, but decided it was better not to know.
Count Maddock had never seemed to care about patrols inside the castle walls; of course, that might have changed, as well, but in any event he left the barracks and began moving confidently in the direction of the inner walls.  A man ducking back and forth among the shadows aroused far more suspicion than a man who happened to be walking normally, so he put the hood of his cloak up and walked, and he made it to the inner wall without challenge.  Here, he found blocks of stone laying about, so it was obvious that Maddock wanted to repair the wall, but he hadn’t done so yet.  Geiseric padded quietly through the breach, then let his steps carry him quickly toward the chapel.  
The large building seemed especially daunting at night as moonlight speared through the holes in the roof, casting bizarre shadows among the wreckage.  The pigeons were quiet, however, and so was he as he moved furtively down the central aisle, past the altar, toward the cantor’s apartments, and out the other side.  In less than a dozen strides he stood outside the keep at the kitchen entrance.  He placed a hand on the door ring and pulled, and—
It was barred.
He cursed again.  Either Maddock had undergone a miraculous transformation, or someone else with a far greater degree of competence was now in charge of security.  Sky’s balls, he hadn’t been gone that long.
He knelt near the door, quickly glancing back over his shoulder to be certain he remained alone.  He could see the piece of wood running horizontally in the crack that existed between the double doors.  His boot knives were his slimmest blades, so he slipped one free of its sheath and wedged it into the gap.  The bar began to move as he lifted the knife.  He moved slowly, keeping a steady pressure; if the bar managed to fall and clatter against the stone floor, it might attract attention.  At the last moment he put his left hand to the door ring.  He then forcefully pushed the knife up at the same time he pulled the door open, then reached in to catch the bar with his left hand before it could fall.
Geiseric entered the keep and silently pulled the door closed, once again barring it so that it did not appear to have been disturbed.  He held still, listening for anything out of the ordinary while he waited for his eyes to adjust to the lack of light.  Almost immediately, he heard the sound of approaching footsteps.  Working from memory more than from sight, he moved to his right toward where he knew the root cellar to be, hands stretched ahead of him in search of the door.  Whoever came, they carried a torch or a lamp, and that provided him just enough to see the rough wooden doorway; he quickly moved the rest of the way and slid inside, closing the door except for a small gap which allowed him to see out.
Geiseric recognized the guard who came in, though he could not remember the man’s name.  Still, there was a guard inside the keep, and that was also new since his departure.  Gods above and below, he could have saved himself two weeks of time.  It seemed that most of his preparations had been for naught; he could probably have made it this far without ever having been embedded in the role of a monk.
That wasn’t true, of course; that was merely frustration talking.  He took a deep breath and watched the guard forage through the kitchen in search of food.  He noticed the clean uniform.  It wasn’t new, but it had been mostly well-kept, and the chain mail he wore had been polished.  Things were definitely changing at Castle Greydawn.  Had he lived there, he would have said they had changed for the better.
As a man trying to break in, however, those changes raised the stakes in what was already a rather delicate game.  He wondered how many more might be moving among the hallways of the keep, but he did not worry.  This one’s boots made him sound like a horse as he clopped along the stone floors, and his chain mail jangled like a chime in a steady wind.  Not only could he hear the guards, but he could see them, as well; the lamp this one carried announced his presence for anyone who was trained to look.
The guard found a small portion of sausage and used his dagger to steal a slice of cheese from the large wheel on the counter, stuffing the first in his pocket and eating the second as he moved away from the kitchens once more.  Geiseric stayed where he was until he could no longer hear the man, then stayed a little while longer until his eyesight once again acclimated to the dark.  Only then did he slip out of the root cellar and make his way upstairs.
After twelve days spent in the keep, his next journey was one he could have made in his sleep.  His soft leather boots made no sound as he moved past the great hall and toward the stairwell.  He paused for a moment, but seeing no lamplight and hearing no guards, he quickly moved up two flights and turned to his left, until he once again stood in Greydawn’s library.  He took the time to appreciate his work as a monk; the room had remained orderly and neat.  He found himself pleased to note that the volumes he had left for the countess and young Maston had been used.  He had taken this place from a dusty, unused chamber and introduced the light of learning into it; in truth, this pleased him as much or more than a successful completion of his mission might ever do.  
But the mission was why he was here, and it was time to put an end to it.  He removed his cloak, folding it and stuffing it inside a spare niche on the shelves.  The garment was useful to shield his movements and conceal his weapons, but it was a distraction for climbing.  He moved to the window.  He flexed his left hand once or twice—it was still weak, but he had no choice except to trust it would hold—then checked his weapons to make certain they were secure.  Finally, he slipped out of the window, found his first two handholds, and began to quietly climb.  His left arm protested faintly, but there was nothing he could do for it except finish as quickly as he could.  He moved well, and had already passed the window to the count’s lower chambers when he was interrupted.    
Members of Shadow Squadron, report! the mindlink said inside his head.
Not now, he thought to himself.  Joby’s timing had never been good, but he had other things to think about.  He kept climbing.
Kira here, came another voice.  She was usually first, which was something Geiseric had often teased her about.  He wondered briefly if she had made it back to Ilaadris, and if she had found out anything about the attempt on his life.
And Benn, came yet another.
He was not going to be able to hide from them, particularly not once the others began to show up in earnest.  He might as well get this over with.  Geiseric here, he sent, reaching for another handhold and pulling himself just a little bit higher.  But can this wait?
Negative, Joby said.  I require your immediate attention.  What are you doing that’s so important?
Clinging to the side of a tower and finishing a job, Geiseric sent.  
You’re still out? Joby said.
I am.  And while I’ve made this climb before, I haven’t made it with seven people in my head.  Seriously, Joby, whatever this is, can it wait?
No, it can’t, but I’ll keep it brief.  Members of Shadow Squadron, report!
Johanna here.
Galen here.
Where are you, Geiseric?  Benn again.
Later, he sent.  He had already told Kira about the contract, but it was bad luck to discuss a job in the middle of the actual job.  
Azherkhan here.
Wren!  Joby sent the last member of the squadron.  Report!  Where are you?
Underneath a very well-endowed soldier, who is pleasuring me like you never could, Joby.  
Very funny.
No joke – want me to prove it?
NO! the male members of the squadron sent almost at once.
He knew Wren well enough to know that their pleading would make no difference, so Geiseric clung to the side of Castle Greydawn as Wren opened the mindlink further, flooding him with sights and smells and sensations that he would rather not have experienced.  He could see what she saw, which was essentially a very hairy shoulder and the ceiling of what appeared to be a less-than-reputable establishment.  He could hear what she could hear, which seemed to mostly be the grunts of the sailor with the hairy shoulder and her own cries.  Worst of all, he could feel what she felt, which didn’t help him keep his grip on the side of the castle.
Enough, Wren!
Gesieric sighed with relief when she let the image go.  His left hand ached and his arm had begun to throb.  He began climbing quickly, trying to make the terrace off the count’s bedchambers so he could deal with one distraction at a time.
You asked, Wren said.  So what’s so important that I need to interrupt this blissful lovemaking?
I want everyone back to Ilaadris as quickly as possible.
We have a Writ? That was Benn.
We don’t yet, but we will.  We haven’t been officially summoned, but Karvonen let it slip to me that it would be helpful to have all squadrons return as soon as possible.
All squadrons? Azherkhan sent.  Why so many?
Geiseric pulled himself over the railing of the small outdoor terrace and crouched down near its rails closing and unclosing his left fist to bring feeling back to his arm.  He could picture Joby pacing back and forth in the chambers he held above the Star and Moon.  He probably had a tankard in his hand, or at least nearby.
Azherkhan had a point, though.  The Council had never called all squadrons in at once, not that he could remember.  Whatever was happening, it would have to be something big, something like—
—a war.
What? he sent, hoping it sounded like shock and not as though he hadn’t been paying attention.
The rumor is, it’s a war, Joby repeated, and all seven of them registered the hunger that he put into that last word.  Their squadron commander was considered to be the finest blade in the realm.  All Talons had to be among the very best in the use of arms, but Joby was often considered as far above other Talons as any Talon was above a normal man.  
He was also the recipient of prophecy.  Joby’s parents had wealth enough to put some kings to shame, and when he had been young, they had paid to take him to the Oracle.  The Oracle had stated that Joby would rise to great heights in the cause of a war.  His family considered this to be such good news that Joby became one of the rarest things:  A first son who had been given to the Church.  He had been trained for battle since he was old enough to hold a practice sword.  But the Church had not been at war in decades, and Joby still yearned for the destiny which had been prophesied for him so long ago.
Rumors, Galen sent.  We’re being called back over rumors?
Joby’s right.  As soon as he sent the words, Geiseric knew the truth of them.  He had told the Council he needed four weeks—one to travel to Greydawn, two embedded, and one to travel home.  It was now the end of the third week, and the Church was moving forward as though its war with Zamora had already begun.  It gave him a certain sense of pride to realize that the Church trusted his abilities that much, but it also added a layer of confusion in terms of the Talon-in-training that had tried to kill him.
How can you be so sure? Johanna sent.
He hated to break his own superstitions, but there seemed to be little way out of it.  Because my job is to start it.
What are you doing?
You know we don’t discuss jobs in the midst of them, Geiseric sent, hoping Kira would keep his secret.  I’ll tell you when I get back to Ilaadris, not before.
The mindlink remained quiet for just a moment as the other seven pondered his words, but then Joby broke back in.
Well, that settles it, then.  How soon before you all get back?
That’s four days for me, Wren sent.
At least five for me, Geiseric sent.  Six or seven would be better.
It can’t be sooner?
Geiseric shrugged, though none of Shadow Squadron could see that through the mindlink.  There’s nothing I can do about it, Joby.  You’re not going to get a war unless you let me finish my job.  Five days is the best I can do; I can’t do four even if I kill horses underneath me. 
Five days, then, Joby sent.  Five days from now, at the tenth turn, in our training house.  See you all then.  Hurry back and safe hunting.
Safe hunting, all, Geiseric said, and severed the link.
Once he was the only one inside his own head again, Geiseric returned to the task at hand, though the idea that the Church both wanted to kill him and expected him to fulfill his mission added another layer of confusion.  Had they somehow misinterpreted the timeline?  Did they want him to kill Maddock, but then planned to kill him in order to cover any possible involvement?  The deeper he delved into the attempt on his life, the more questions he discovered, but he could answer none of them that night.  They would simply have to wait until he returned to the city.
Getting to his feet, he padded silently toward the doors that led to the count’s bedchamber.  Only when he came closer did he realize that one of them was partially open.  He reached for a needle and the vial of alicante at his belt; Joby always said that poison was the coward’s way out, but it was quick and it was silent and the end result was the same.  He was just about to slip inside the door when he heard them.
Things go wrong with the plan.  Human beings were random creatures, prone to change their habits and their minds.  All of his planning over the past two weeks had helped, but it had not managed to stay intact over the two days since his departure.  Still, no amount of preparatory work he had done could have prepared him for the idea that Count Maddock would not be alone.
The sound of their lovemaking was impossible to miss.  Like anyone, his first instinct was to retreat from such a private moment, but instead he followed his training and moved closer.  It was not their coupling that interested him; sometimes, when such activities were finished, vital information was shared among lovers that would never be exchanged at any other time, and such information could be useful.  Had the count’s indifference toward the countess been some kind of ruse?  Or was Maddock making the beast with two backs with someone other than his lady wife?  Talons were trained to retrieve as much information as they could; one never knew what could be of use to the Holy See, so he waited and listened.
Within the bedchamber, the noises of lovemaking grew both louder and more urgent, and Geiseric realized he would not have to wait much longer.  Soon enough their efforts reached their apex, and then their breathing began to slow.  
“Ah, Vianne,” Maddock said, sounding every bit like a satiated man.  “You win.  I will put her aside.”
“And be my lord and husband?”
“And that, my love.  That as well.”
Geiseric listened more intently.  Vianne was not a common name, though hardly unheard of, especially here in the West; it was possible Maddock had bedded a kitchen girl, though he had met no one of that name while masquerading as a monk.  It seemed far more likely that Maddock had just bedded the Duchess of Antriz and Lady of Ravenel, and that this relationship had been going on for quite some time.  The Lady Erinn probably had no idea.  He had learned in his time here that the count and countess did not share a bedchamber, but he had not heard any rumor that the marriage was on such bad ground as to be dissolved.  
Not that it would matter much, as it turned out.  He was here to take the count’s life.  And if the Church wanted a reason to invade Zamora, then Lady Vianne—if indeed that was her—had just provided a perfect excuse.
He waited.  Inside, the lovers’ talk turned to mumbles, and soon enough to the long and slow breaths that signified sleep.  He counted to one thousand, just to be sure, but then he rose to his feet and opened the door just a hairsbreadth wider, allowing him to slip inside the room.  
They had left a candle burning.  By its light he could see the naked buttocks of the Count of Kersen.  They both lay on their left sides, facing away from him, and he had one arm over her midsection.  He could see almost nothing of her except the curve of her hip and the curl of her red hair, which was long enough to partially cover the arm he had draped over her.  He glanced about the room and saw her dress hanging over the back of a chair, and he quietly made his way toward it.
The dress was green, not the steel blue that was the color of Zamora, but the quality of fabric seemed to indicate she was a person of wealth.  His fingers moved over the dress and chair.  Beneath the dress was another garment, a large black cloak; it appeared she had come in secret.  Beneath the cloak, however, he found the confirmation for which he had sought; a jeweled dagger, such as ladies might wear for decoration.  This one, however, had the head of a mountain ram worked in gold as its pommel.  The symbol of Zamora was a golden ram on a blue field.  The jewels were real, and were sapphires.  This had to be the duchess.
He drew the dagger, pleased to find that while the hilt was richly decorated, the blade was good steel, and sharp.  He couldn’t allow her presence to interrupt the plan; duchess though she may be, she was an obstacle to his success, and as such needed to be removed.  It wasn’t her fault, really, but it couldn’t be helped; she was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.  His own childhood had provided ample lesson that sometimes Lady Fortune frowned instead of smiled.
He placed the bare dagger on the table, then took one of his needles and dipped it into the alicante.  He set down the vial and picked up the blade again, then quietly crossed the room.
He had lost count of the number of people he had sent to the afterlife, but when the time came he always felt somewhat saddened.  After all the turns and days spent planning, the actual moment of death usually seemed anticlimactic.  Most people looked at the taking of a human life and thought such a thing would be difficult to do.  Geiseric knew that it was actually heartbreakingly easy, which struck him as more than a little bit of a shame.
In any event, he made short work of it.  He stabbed the poisoned needle through the sole of the Duchess of Antriz’s foot.  Alicante worked almost instantaneously, but the jab of it caused her pain and she awoke, as he had thought she might.  Since Count Maddock’s arm was over her, when she started awake he stirred, as well, and turned to see what the trouble could be.  At that moment Geiseric took the dagger with the ram’s head and stabbed the count through the throat.  The heart was faster, and would have been more humane, but this way the count could make no sound.
As Maddock lay gurgling wretchedly and drowning in his own blood, Geiseric moved back to the table.  He closed the vial of alicante and replaced it at his belt, putting the needle back into a small pocket sewn onto his armor.  Behind him, he heard Lady Vianne rise, but she took no more than three steps toward him before she crumpled to the floor.  
Once his possessions were secure, he took her dress and moved to her corpse.  He put the dress back on her body as best he could, then rolled her onto her stomach and did up the buttons in the back.  His left arm continued to trouble him; it was functional enough to climb walls, but fine movements such as fastening a lady’s buttons made him feel clumsy and slow.  Still, he managed, and when she was dressed he lifted her lifeless body and carried her out to the terrace.  He glanced down just once, but the bailey was deserted, so he dropped her body over the side.
With luck, it would look like a lover’s tryst gone wrong:  Maddock had told his lover about possibly being reinstated into the Church, and that he could not continue with her after such things had happened.  She was so distraught that she killed him, then took her own life.  It wasn’t the best story, but once someone came upon her body or found the count with a dagger through his throat the story might not matter that much.
He leapt over the side of the tower and began the climb back to the library window, moving as quickly as his throbbing left arm would allow.  In Nicanor, the Master had always said that any successful assignment had three criteria:  The target needed to be terminated, the Church needed to be blameless, and the Talon needed to get out alive.  He swung his legs through the library window and climbed inside, one step closer to accomplishing all three, realizing only as he entered the room that he hadn’t left a lamp burning upon his departure.
Things always go wrong with the plan.

ERINN

Sleep had seemed like such a good idea at the time.  Her eyes had been scratchy and tired, the lamp running low of oil.  Most of the keep had long since retired for the night; while earlier there had been a flurry of activity on the stairs to her husband’s rooms, all had been quiet for some time when she finally closed the book halfway through and used what little lamp oil remained to find her way from the library back toward her chambers.  
Now, however, she stared into the darkness; the sleep which had seemed so promising had fled, leaving her weary but alert and wondering how the story would end.  She rolled over onto her side, gathering the light blanket about her, and tried again, but before long her eyes opened and she rolled onto her back once more.
There was a lesson here, she knew:  Never start a good book right before bed.  It was a lesson that would do little good, however, unless she rose once again and made her way back across the keep, and that would be a foolish thing to do.  The Lady of Greydawn could hardly be seen skulking about the corridors in the dead of night in her nightshift and robe.  There were guards now, as well, so she would almost certainly be seen.
Then again, she thought as she stared into the darkness, she was the Lady of Greydawn.  She had not always acted like it, but as Countess she could largely do what she wanted; only her husband could gainsay her, and he had gone to his own chambers turns earlier, deciding to get a good night’s sleep.  
She smiled, then threw back the blanket and rose to her feet.  She had lit a fire earlier, and enough of it still glowed that she was able to ignite a taper and light another lamp.  She located her robe and belted it around herself, pulling her long hair out from beneath it.  She was the Countess of Kersen, and there was a story to be finished.  She tightened the robe of her belt and took up the lantern, then quietly moved into the hall.
She had never been out of her chambers at this time of night.  She could not have said with any certainty just what time of night it was, but moving about seemed somehow furtive, almost dangerous for its newness.  The corridors of Greydawn seemed silent and foreboding, although once she heard one of the guards moving about somewhere behind her.  She wondered what good the guards did, actually, since there were only two of them, and they could hardly hope to keep an eye on the entire castle at all times.  Still, she supposed it was comforting that someone would respond in the event of an emergency.
Despite the new guards moving about, she made it to the library without seeing another soul, gratefully opening its door and moving inside.  If the library seemed magical by day, it seemed even more so at night, as though she was the keeper of all manner of secrets.  For the hundredth time or more, she thanked the gods that Geiseric had been brought into her life.  She had never been aware of just how much of the world she was missing.  People said that ignorance was bliss, but she found it shameful now that she had begun to experience its alternative.  She wanted to read everything in the room, and then move on to other works, as well.
She set the lamp down on the table, then turned around to close the door behind her.

GEISERIC

He thanked his stars that Lady Erinn’s back was turned when he entered, allowing him time to move away from the window and secret himself among the shelves.  He worked to slow his breathing.  He wore all black, and the lamp cast only a feeble light.  It was possible he could avoid being seen.
As the countess turned once more and moved away from the door, he found himself hoping for that very outcome.  He had grown quite accustomed to the sight of her in the last several weeks—her small frame, the long flow of her pale brown hair—and on top of that, more than anyone at Greydawn he had come to know her.  He liked her.  She took such joy in learning.  He had helped instill that into her.  How unfortunate it would be if it meant her death.
His objectives were clear.  No Talon could be allowed to be discovered in the midst of an assassination.  All obstacles toward the successful completion of the mission were to be removed.  It was possible she might not see him.  But if she did see him, then he would have to kill her, so he did his best to remain quiet. 
He watched as she moved back into the room.  She seemed about to sit at the table where he had left reading material for her, but then her head lifted and she looked toward the far wall.
He had left the window open.  
In his hurry to hide, he had not had time to close the shutters, and in her gown and robe no doubt the night air seemed cool.  Two rows of shelves separated her from him.  As she moved toward the window in order to close it, he moved opposite her, edging closer to the door.  
She did not make it all the way to the window.  She stopped and perused a shelf.  As he watched, she withdrew his cloak, the one he had taken from the Talon that had tried to kill him.  It was a good cloak, large and warm.  But he had had no time to retrieve it, and it had no business being in the library.
She pressed the cloak to her face, then looked up sharply.  
“Geiseric?” she said quietly.  For just a moment his heart pounded like a trapped animal against the bars of his ribcage, but then she smiled and laughed to herself.  She hung the cloak over the back of the nearest chair, and then moved once again toward the window. 
“Oh, Geiseric,” she sighed aloud.  “You’ve gone and made scholars of us all.”
He had no choice.  He needed to move.

ERINN

She was about to sit down to continue her reading when she noticed the open window.  Though still late summer, the air was too cold for her to ignore, especially dressed as she was in merely a nightgown and robe.  She did not remember leaving it open, but then thanks to Geiseric she was hardly the only person who used the library now.  Perhaps Gergen had come in to read a passage or two at the end of his shift.  By the gods, suppose it had been Maston?  Even her son had developed a newfound passion for reading now that he had learned that he could decipher battle plans that way.
She paused on her way to the window, her eye catching on something.  She might not know the library as well as Geiseric did, but she knew it well enough, and she moved toward the object that simply should not have been there.  The monk had taught her how he had catalogued the books, and she had taken him seriously; already she disliked it if things were not in their proper place.
The cloak she found was heavy, more suited to winter than summer, but there was no question it was finely made.  Had her husband been here?  It would be like him to leave something like this behind, though even he might not have merely balled it up and stuffed it so unceremoniously into a vacant space on the shelves.  
She pressed it to her face, feeling the fabric of it against her cheek, but when she inhaled she detected something else, something unexpected.
“Geiseric?” she said in surprise, pulling the cloak away from her and holding it arm’s length.  Was he here?  Had he come back?  Her heart fluttered a bit as she thought of the possibility.  She knew it was foolish to have feelings for a monk, but she found that she did anyway.  But then reason took hold of her once again, crowding out her flight of fancy.  Geiseric was on a stubborn donkey, two days’ ride away from her, and traveling toward what she hoped would be a change in Kersen’s destiny.  She smiled and laughed to herself at her foolishness.  She hung the cloak over the back of the nearest chair, and once again turned her attention to the window.
She paused, her hand on the shutter.  Suddenly the library made her a little sad.  This was her library, or at least her husband’s, and yet somehow the room seemed to more rightly belong to the monk that had changed all of their lives in the space of two short weeks.  When she thought back to the woman she had been before Geiseric had comically ridden into their lives on the back of a donkey, she could hardly fathom just how much had changed.
“Oh, Geiseric,” she sighed aloud.  “You’ve gone and made scholars of us all.”
Then her lamp went out, plunging the room into darkness.

GEISERIC

He didn’t have to kill her; all he had to do was avoid being seen.  Killing her would close up a few more loose ends; having killed the count, it would make sense that the Duchess of Antriz would kill the countess as well.  If Erinn lived, her finding of the cloak would seem suspicious, especially with the Duchess’ cloak still in the bedchamber upstairs.  Nevertheless, he did not want to kill her, and enough circumstantial evidence existed to point blame at Lady Vianne and a plot from Zamora.  If he could get out without being spotted, that should be enough.
So as the Countess of Kersen stood at the window and spoke his name, he moved swiftly toward her table and doused the lamp.
She made some kind of noise in surprise, but he could not tarry to think about it.  He moved toward the door, opening it quickly and moving into the hall.  He suspected that she would follow, so he moved toward the stairs and quickly ran down them, allowing the turn in the stairwell to prevent him from being immediately seen.
He never heard the library door open again, which surprised him, but he had no intention of waiting around to find out why.  He moved quickly toward the kitchen, knowing it was the quickest way outside.
He almost made it before the alarm was sounded.

ERINN

Lady Erinn made a startled sound when the library went dark, but she did not panic.  She had not checked the oil in her lamp, and it was possible it had simply run low.  She knew her way around well enough by now to not need the light.
So she turned her attention back to the window.  However, with the lamp extinguished, her eyes adjusted to the moonlight shining outside.  She caught a glimpse of something as she closed the shutters, just enough of it to divert her attention.  She latched the shutters, but the idea of whatever she had seen stayed in her mind, and so she unlatched and opened them again, leaning out to take a closer view.
The body that she saw at the base of the tower wore dark clothing and had dark hair.  She probably would have missed it entirely if it had not been for the white flash of bone.  The corpse was mangled and twisted grotesquely from the fall, and one of the legs had broken, the bone protruding up at just the right angle to catch the moonlight which spilled into that portion of the courtyard.  
Whoever lay dead in the courtyard below, they had not leapt from the library while she was present.  That meant that whoever this was had been above her.  
In her husband’s rooms.
The countess did not know the library quite as well as she thought.  When running back across the room toward the door, she bruised her hip when she ran into one of the three tables.  Still it was not a sufficient wound to deter her from her objective.  She reached the door and threw it open.
“Guards!” she yelled with more might than she had known she possessed.  “To the count’s chambers!”

GERGEN

By the gods, it was a wonderful bed.  
He had not slept in such comfort in years, and found that his old bones reveled in it.  The bed was somehow both yielding and firm at the same time.  And so warm!  Even without the coverlet it radiated his own body heat back at him.  
Still, he reserved his most special affection for his pillow.  For a decade or more he had padded his head on a rolled-up cloak or on nothing at all.  Now it felt as though he lay upon a magic cloud which conformed to the shape of his own head, plumped up about his ears, and cradled him as gently as any lover might ever do.
So he was upset to be disturbed.  His mind and body did not even fully register what caused the disturbance; he only knew it was bothersome and troubled his sleep.  Gergen rolled onto his left side and attempted to burrow his head even deeper into his pillow’s embrace, telling himself that it did not matter.  There was a disturbance.  It was a noise of some kind.  He hoped it would pass, but the noise seemed to repeat itself, and his mind began to latch onto it.
It was the word guards.
Gergen threw off his blankets and rolled to his feet, instantly reaching for the sword which hung from a hook on the wall.  He drew the blade free of its scabbard, not even pausing to clothe himself as he ran toward his chamber door and pulled it open.
His first impression was of moving darkness, traveling in the direction of the kitchen.  Barely awake, Gergen could not have said whether it was a man or merely a shadow.  It must have been a shadow, since it made no sound at all, but it had certainly looked like a man.  He sprinted as quickly as his bare feet would allow to a place where he could glance down the hall, but there was no sign of anyone or anything.  
Of more immediate importance was the sound of his lady’s voice, screaming frantically at a volume louder than he had heard her use before.  This was the disturbance that had awakened him, so he stopped chasing shadows and moved toward the stairs, his powerful legs climbing them two at a time.  He found her—where else?—outside the library, gesturing frantically at Oran and Rylee and urging them up the stairs toward where the count slept.
“Follow me!” Gergen bellowed as he ran past, and his two guards moved to follow.  A flight later they stood at the entrance to Count Maddock’s chambers.  This seemed to be no time to stand on ceremony, so he reached for the door.  It was locked, but like the rest of Greydawn it had fallen to disrepair, and a well-placed kick with his bare foot snapped the mechanism and allowed the three of them to move inside.
The main floor was clear.  Gergen noted two wine goblets, both of which were still half full, as he ran to the inner stairs and up to the count’s sleeping chambers.  No door barred his entrance here.  When he saw the blood-spattered sheets and the knife protruding from his lord’s throat, he thought back to the shadow he had seen in the hall, and realized it had probably been a man.  A sinking feeling nestled into his stomach as he realized that he was already too late.
Still, he had to try.  He moved through the bedchamber to the terrace, dropping his sword and cupping his hands over his mouth.
“Man the walls and close the gates!” he bellowed into the night.  “Guards of Greydawn, awake!  Let no one pass!”
He had no idea if anyone could even hear him, but the night air served to wake him completely.  He retrieved his sword and moved back into the chamber.
“Oran:  Cover him up,” he ordered.  “Stay here, and for the love of the gods, do not let the countess see this.  Rylee, roust any guard you can find and report to Crandall immediately.  We may be too late already, but from this point on, no one leaves Greydawn Castle without permission.  Move!”
He was more confused than he was angry, but the two guards assumed the latter.  Rylee ran down the stairs so quickly Gergen feared for his safety, while Oran took the blankets of the bed and did his best to cover Count Maddock’s naked form.
Gergen sighed and moved toward the stairs himself.  It promised to be a long night; he might as well go get dressed.  

GEISERIC

The stone of Castle Greydawn echoed with the boots of armed men, and shouts carried across the two baileys in all directions.  In the dead of night, the castle now saw more activity than it had on any of the days that Geiseric had spent here, but in the chapel it was calm, like being in the eye of a storm.  He opened the panel that housed his precious stolen volumes and placed all four inside his tunic while he listened to what went on outside.
The sound of movement could be heard over everything else, which would be to his advantage.  The guards of Greydawn were well-meaning but poorly trained.  Had they held their posts, he might never have been able to leave, but almost to a man they rushed toward the keep itself, hoping to somehow be of service.  As he moved out from underneath the altar and began to creep down the central aisle of the chapel, he could see some of them out the window.  A group of perhaps a half-dozen had gathered by the fallen body of Lady Vianne.  Others rushed into the keep.
He was grateful that not every guard was as capable as Gergen.  Seeing the man emerge from what had been an unused chamber had not only surprised him, but also nearly led to his capture.  Only a quick change of direction and a moment spent hidden in a storeroom had saved his life and allowed him to continue toward the kitchen exit.  The chapel had welcomed him into its solitude, and its peacefulness seemed reassuring, but it was well past time to go.
He moved to the door and cracked it open.  Most of the guards had entered the keep.  He could hear Gergen’s voice, bellowing at them to get back to their posts, but for now they were in exactly the wrong place at exactly the wrong time.  Geiseric moved through the break of the inner wall and then ran toward the smithy.  If he was seen now he would have to kill whoever saw him, but speed was more essential than secrecy at this point.
He needn’t have worried.  He pulled himself up to the tailor’s roof, and then to the smith’s.  A brief climb put him on top of the outer wall, where he found himself to be the only one.  
The old oak tree may have been chopped down, but the wall was still jagged enough to provide hand- and footholds.  He swung himself over the side and began to climb down, and was more than halfway there when he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his left arm and he lost his grip.  Tumbling backward, he tried to turn in midair but lacked the room.  As a result, he landed hard on his right side.
For just a moment he lay still, quickly assessing whether he had broken anything.  His lungs emptied of air, causing him a gasping moment where he strove to find it again, but then he did.  
It was certainly not the cleanest job he had ever performed, but it was done.  He was alive, and Count Maddock was not.  He was bruised but not broken, and his left arm continued to be a disadvantage, but he made it to his feet and limped off into the night in search of his stolen horse.  The idea of sitting a horse made him cringe just to think of it, but the further away from Greydawn he was, the better.  He was the least devout Churchman he knew, but nevertheless he muttered a quick prayer to Lady Fortune that his luck hold long enough to get away.

ERINN

Many turns later, Countess Erinn sat with Gergen and Crandall in the lower chambers of her husband’s rooms.  She had been to the upper chambers for the first time in her life; she was not certain she would ever feel the need to return to them.  It had taken a turn for her to convince Maston that it was all right for him to return to sleep, though she had ordered a guard stationed outside his door.
Gergen had shown her the body, and the knife with the Zamoran ram’s head shoved neatly through its throat.  She supposed it was a comfort that he had gone cleanly, but her former lord and husband was already drifting toward memory for her.  Theirs had never been a marriage of love; she felt badly that she could not bring herself to mourn him more, but she could not, and it seemed pointless to try.  
Guilt seemed to seep through the castle like some kind of insidious fog.  Gergen already moved more softly around her.  Part of that was the concern that he felt for her welfare, she knew, but she was wise enough to recognize another part stemmed from his own feelings regarding what had happened on only the second day of his new office.  It was not his fault, but it might be some time before she would be able to convince him of that.  
No, the fault, if there was one, lay with her lord and husband.  No one had said anything to her about it, but all of them had noticed the two wine glasses that still rested on the small table near the fire.  All of them knew that a woman’s cloak still lay in her husband’s bedchambers, and all of them had seen that Maddock had been nude.  Perhaps this Lady Vianne had been his lover.  Perhaps he had tried to end their relationship now that Kersen seemed to be moving back toward the Church.  Perhaps she had simply fooled him into allowing her into his chamber.  Erinn might never know the exact circumstances surrounding the death of the count, but it was fairly clear that he had invited his own assassin into his rooms.
Gergen swore he had known nothing of the duchess’ visit, and she believed him; it would have had to be set up before he ever took on his new duties.  The duchess’ three men had been found and arrested quickly enough.  They swore they had no idea their lady planned to kill the count, but she had ordered them thrown in the dungeon to see if their tale would change by the morrow.  
In a very short time, she seemed to have developed a great weight about her neck and shoulders.  Technically, of course, her son was now the Count of Kersen, but no one looked to an eight-year-old boy for answers.  Leadership was up to her now; a peasant’s daughter from Teremun had become the ruler of a land that was not her own.  She knew the role she had to play.  She would need to make decisions quickly and with confidence.  Both Gergen and Crandall stared at her with looks of expectation. She must act like the ruler she wished to be.
“My lady?” Gergen prompted.  “What would you like to do next?”
She thought back to her time in library.  Of course, it would all come back to Geiseric.  She had no idea if the plan he had outlined to Maston was a good one or not, but it was better than anything else that she had.
“At dawn you will call the bannermen,” she said, hoping she sounded more authoritative than she felt.  She rose to her feet and began to pace, as she often had seen her husband do.  She had always chided Maddock for his propensity to think on his feet, but perhaps she had rushed to judgment; for whatever reason, it seemed to help.  “I know we cannot muster much by way of arms, but we will muster what we can.  Crandall.”
“My lady?”
“You have served my lord and this realm admirably and well for many years.  I must ask you to do so a little while longer.  Keep as few men as you can to protect our castle; the others go to the army.”
“Yes, my lady.”
“Gergen, your new role as Commander of the Castle Guard will wait upon your return.”
“My lady?” the large man asked.  “Forgive me:  What do you mean?”
“You have led men before, is that correct?”
“Yes, my lady, but that was—”
“It does not matter when it was, only that it was.  You are hereby appointed General of our army.”
She noted that Crandall looked pleased, but Gergen seemed nervous.  “My lady, the bannermen will object to that.”
“They will object to being ruled by a peasant girl from Teremun, as well.  They will learn to adjust, or they will perish for treason.  I need someone I trust in charge, and you’re that man, Gergen.  In five days’ time—and less, if possible—I wish to see whatever force we can muster move against Ravenel.”
He could not have looked more shocked if she had told him she was carrying his child.  “We’re invading?”
“We are.  Is there any doubt in your mind that Zamora is responsible for my lord husband’s death?”
“No, my lady.”
“Nor mine.”  She tried to remember all the points that Geiseric had made to Maston.  “Ravenel is close; it will take time for Zamora to respond; time we can use to seize the castle and surrounding lands as payment for the treachery of the Duchess of Antriz.”
“But once they muster,” Crandall said.
“By then, we will hope we have a new ally in the Holy Church.  If we do not, we will have to think of what comes next at that time.  For now, we seize Ravenel and take control of the silver mines; if Zamora wants war, so be it; we will pay for it with money we take from their pockets.”
The two guards looked at each other, then back at her.  “An excellent plan, my lady,” Gergen said.  “I will begin preparations immediately.”  He saluted, and Crandall followed suit.
“One more thing, before you go.”
“My lady?”
“I seek your honest opinion, and I give you my word it will not leave this room.  You will not help me by telling me what you think I wish to hear; you will help me by telling me the truth.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, my lady,” they said at once.
“Did these types of trysts happen often?”
The two men looked at each other again, then at the floor.  Gergen’s eyes were the first to rise and meet her own.
“Never on my watch, Your Grace,” he said.  “But there were rumors in the barracks.”
“I see.  Crandall?”
“Yes, my lady.  I cannot speak to what you mean by ‘often,’ but certainly often enough.” 
“This Lady Vianne has been here before?”
“Yes,” Crandall said, his face flushing red.  “As have others.”
“How do they get in?”
“Through the gates.  I place the same four guards on duty any time a visitor is to arrive.  They come in a plain carriage, and are admitted without questioning.  The women usually enter the keep through the kitchens, I’m told.”
The old guard looked for all the world like he would rather be digging in Ravenel’s mines than forced to stay in the room and answer her questions, but to his credit he met her gaze and held it.
“And—forgive me, but I must ask—was it my lord husband who arranged all of these things?”
Crandall swallowed.  “No, my lady.”
She nodded.  “Then before the two of you retire for the night, you will find and arrest the lord chamberlain Tomas.  Place him in a cell next to our three visitors from Antriz, and have a guard listen to any conversation which happens between the four of them.”
“Yes, my lady.”
“You have your orders, gentlemen, and I thank you for your efficient service.  Dismissed.”
They bowed and left her alone.  She did not stay long, just long enough to allow them to get ahead of her; the last thing she wanted now was company.  When she was certain they had gone, she moved out into the hallway and down the stairs.
One flight below, she moved back into the library.  The book she had come to finish still lay on the front table, a small ribbon tucked inside to mark her place.  She moved past it, toward the window once again.  She had never latched it after seeing the body of what had turned out to be the Duchess of Antriz.  She did so now, shutting out the first rays of dawn that had begun to creep into the room.
The cloak she had found was far too big for her, but she drew it over her shoulders anyway.  She would have it altered, she thought.  She reached for the lamp which she had brought so many turns before, preparing to return to her chambers.
The lamp was heavy; heavier than it should be, she thought.  She moved toward the window and once again opened the shutters, allowing the faint light of coming day to enter the room.  She had thought, when it had gone out earlier, that it had simply run out of oil, but this lamp had plenty; it had gone out because the wick had been dialed back until it had extinguished.  
Someone had been in the library with her at the same moment when her husband was murdered.  In all likelihood, she was wearing his cloak. 
She did not panic.  The keep had been swept by the guards, a room-by-room search that had yielded nothing.  Whoever owned the dark cloak was not here now, nor anywhere in her home.  She was as safe as she could be, all things considered.  It was a mystery, but it was a mystery that would not be solved at that moment.  She was very tired.  Even though the new day had already come and she doubted that she would be able to sleep, she supposed it would be best to try.  She glanced once more at the book she had left on the table.  She would have to wait before finishing it; for once, real life seemed just a bit more interesting.
Then again, she was the Countess of Kersen, and could do as she pleased.  She took the book with her when she left.

Here ends Part One of
The Immortal Wager Saga

Please continue reading for information on Part Two



Author’s Note

Pawns is currently a work in five parts.  If you’re interested in continuing with the story, Part Two should be available June 2014.  Part Three should be ready by August, and so on, with each new installment coming about two months apart.  If I can go faster, I will.  
As to future pricing…  One of my largest pet peeves in online publishing consists of fantasy series charging three dollars for little more than one or two chapters.  I have no intention of putting you through that.  I would say that Parts Two and Three should be available for 99 cents each, since they are shorter.  Currently, each of those is about 30,000 words.  Parts Four and Five are both longer at about 60,000 each; they may go as high as $2.99, but if you come with me that far I think you’ll find that they are large enough (and, I hope, good enough) to merit the higher price.   The story continues beyond Pawns, as well, but that is far in the distance, so that’s all I’ll say on that subject for now.
What I do want to say before I go is simply this:  Thank you.  Thank you very much for choosing to read this.  If you would like to extend your involvement even further, I would welcome a review from you, and I extend that invitation even if you found you did not care for the work.  I’m not looking forward to my first one-star review, but I admit they have their value:  They help me learn to be a better writer, and they let potential customers know that I did not (and will not) pay for fake reviews.
Now that I’ve started thanking people, a few more deserve special mention.  The following people agreed to take a look at Pawns when it was still in its infancy, which means that not only are they good people, but they were subjected to more typos and bad grammar than any person should have to endure.  Thanks very much to Susie and Jillian Draeger, Alex Olson, Adam Rowe-Johnson, Emily Murwin, Michelle Johnson, Cindy Brehm Murphy, Jennifer Lecy, Bill Bolz, Kelly Wussow, Kolin Walker, Mike Monroe, Tracy Workman, Leah Grinvalsky, Joe Kalamarz, Clara McGowan, Isis Leonard, Sierra Kimbrough, Alexander Brown, and Cassandra F. Kitto. 
Additional and special thanks goes to Chris DuCharme, who provided fair and thoughtful criticism of earlier drafts without bruising my ego and also helped get a great many typos out.  Some things exist in Pawns only because Chris helped put them there, and some things that existed before he got involved were made better by his work.  If you liked something you just read, there’s at least a 10% chance that Chris was responsible for it.  Thank you, my friend.  
And no list of thanks would be complete without sending some toward my wife, who allows me to disappear into the basement office for hours at a time, and without whom none of this would ever have happened.  If I have any words of wisdom to offer about life, then I would suggest you marry well; if you do that, the rest kind of takes care of itself.
If you’d like to keep informed about Pawns, future publication dates, and so on, there are only a couple ways to do it.  I don’t have a website or blog, but you’re welcome to like The Immortal Wager Saga page on Facebook, and if you want to you can certain follow me on Twitter (@BrehmEM).  My tweets are not always the most profound, but they will occasionally contain information about the series.    
Thanks again for your time.  I hope we’ll meet again soon.



